THE LADIES' GALLERY. BY JUSTIN M'CARTHY, M.P. AND MRS. CAMPBELL PRAED. Authom ot' " Thk Right Honorable." VOLUME III. Chapter VII. Fortune befriended the Stranges in their efforts to throw dust in tho keen eyes of Miss Philippe Dell. Philippn was n young literary worker who professionally cultivated the emotions, and never lost an opportunity of being harrowed. In her worst griofs she had always consoled herself with the reflection that the more she suffered the better she qualified her self as a novelist ; and to be a famous novelist was Pliilqipa's dearest ambition. That day, when she entered the queer little sittinir room which sho called her workshop, after taking leave of Lady Strange and Berenice, she found a now emotion awaiting her — not by any means a pleasant emotion — whioh had the effect of absorbing her thoughts nnd driving from them for the moment Bcrcnico and her romance. It must be explained, since for lack of oppor tunity or information Richard Bansom has failed to do so, that three years prcviously Philippa Dell had lost her mother — her oufv ncar relation — and had becu left, at the age of 22, absolutely uncontrolled, with a small fortune of £200n year, njpassion for and some experiencc- in scribbling, a very independent spirit, nnd an ardent desire to lead the life of an artistic worker and to dwell among the London Bohemians. .She had refused, therefore, with a great many putty speeches, tho offer which Sir Anthony and Lady Stiangc made her of a home with them in the lane off Lombard-street. Philippa did not object to the lane or to Lom bard-street, She had no craving after the haunts of fashion. She thought the city original and picturesque on the whole, and was always regretting that she had not been born a man and trained to the law, that she might have bad chambers in Liucoln's Inn Fields ortho Temple. But Strange and G roll's Bank did not present itself to her as a favorable milieu for the o accumulation of " copy ; " and when she heard thatan artistic friend of hers was looking out for a fellow worker to share the rent of a flat in : ' Earls Studios, Philippa unhesitatingly decided ./to cast in lier lot in the matter of teneinent .uwith the artist, and to set np her own workshop « in South Kensington. Nobody could say her -xiay.Ttwas clear that £200 a year would not enable her to live in independent luxury, and the artist, whose name was Mrs. Lance,- was a is childless widow of more than 40, irreproachable \Ain-morals and manners, hard working," and ' sensible, and altogether as desirable a companion Philippa, with her difficult tastes, would vbe likely to como across. The plan answered : capitally at first. Philippa worked hard. Her York letter supplied, her with an object for going into society and paid her dressmaker's sbill. Philippa was very proud, and had firmly declined to let the Strauges supplement her income; but, equally, she was vain and loved clothes. Then she took to fiction ; wrote stories for a weekly journal, and vampirised Mrs. Lnnco when she found her own experience and imagination inadequate. The alliance, however, proved to liavo its drawbacks ; and . one of these was a consumptive, good looking . and quite estimable brother of Mrs. Lance's — n poet, who used to visit at .the studio, and fell seriously in lovo with pretty, heartless Phihppo. Philippa was a flirt — not so much from evil motive as from inherent tendency, and from a keen, professional curiosity about all the drama of life. It was another of her regrets — humanly, bat not professionally — that ..-site had been l>orn with the analytical tern- : perament, which is incapable of losing itself in genuine passion. Moreover she was at this . time deep in her first tlirce- volume novel, which had a considerable success afterwards at . Mudie's ; and Philippa belonged to the realistic school of literature in its Howellian, not its . Zolacsque sense, and was convinced that love . scenes, to bo effective, should be drawn from nature. She was right, as the subscribers to Mndies showed by the way they asked for her book. The consumptive poet inspired the love scenes, and the public liked tbem. There were people — victims mostly — who, like Hal Clancy, called Philips a vampire, and declared that she deserved the opprobrious name; others, who were not victims and believed no harm of Philippa, said that there were always excuses to be made for novel writers, or else how could . they write novels? and that, after all, the poor poet had derived considerable inspiration from her in his turn, and that they were fairly quits. The noet was consumptive and Philippa was not, which was all the difference. Philippa had a reaction when her book was finished ; her proud, independent- spirit chafed against the sort of ; intimacy, and she broke off her half engagement with the poet. That was about the Hal Clancy period. .Then there arose a coldness between <, J?hilippa and Mrs. Lance, and, though they still shared the suite— they had taken it for a term r,fc. of seven years — they did not care so much for , ; each oiher's society. Philippa went more to the bank and paid visits among her friends, and ; ; Lance was busy all day with her models io and, went to artistic parties in' the evenings. ;j!» Tn the. spring of . this, year Mrs. Lance left lier .rooms,, ami went to make sketches and nurse , her, sick brother on the Riviera. t Philippa' did .,not in. the least realise that she, Jiad given Mr. . nWildroa— that was the. poets nnrac— his "death ' . warrant.. She had never . taken his occasional vi slight cough and hectio complexion seriously. . , When Mrs. Lance reproached lieri she only said that she had never meant any liarm, and that . poets always . exaggerated their feelings, and . were proverbial for the , readiness with which -they, fell in love, and the facility with which . they transferred their emotious from one object to another. " There was Byron, you know," Philippa concluded, "and Goethe, aud Keats — ; only ho hadn't time to change, poormanl" v V Keats died," Mrs., Lance said grimly. it. tvasn't; Fanny ! Brawn' who killed ' Keats;, it was a reviewer," declared Philippa, probably ignorant of hard facts and crushing i, evidence. "I . did: not mean any harm," she pleaded. "I always told him exactly what I was, and he chose to run the risk. He used to . say such nice poetic things, and I did try my 'best to. niake myself tall in love with him. The book would have beeu much more real if I had," pursued 'Philippa, ..candidly. "But it wasn't ,.- my fault if I failed.;. I cant: help my tempera- . Anient. It's .very hard that one can't., experi mentalise on one's self withont hurting other /people." I..-.- Mrs. Lance went away, and her rooms were . temporarily occupied by an elderly, una ctrac-' . - tiye spinster, a relation of the artist s, but quite "inartistic, and devoted to Dorcas meetings, and . with whom Philippa had no affinities. That ! was partly why Philippa came to be so often at . the bank — perhap3 to poor Tony's un doing. : f :: ' The new emotion which distnrbed Philippa . .was caused by. a letter from Mrs. Lance. -The letter was dated from Glionaboye Montreux .whither Mrs. Lance had gone with. .her .sick "brother. The poet was very ill. Dr. Muret pronounced that his days were numbered. There was nothing but to make them as happy as might be. He was quite resigned to his fate; He was, however, deeply concerned lest Phi lippa should blame herself, and imagine that it bad been caused by his lovedisappointmentJ The doctor had made it clear to - both brother and sister thnt he could not have lived under any conditions, and this Mrs. Lance was honest enougVio teil: Philippa. He was glad now- poor poet! — that pTulippa had not cared for him. Bat . he % had an intense wish to see her again— not a -morbid desire which might make such a meeting difficult for her— so Mrs. Lance wrote— but a tender, friendly longing for her companionship, and; & keen wish to remove any paiutul iinpression' which the thought of hlxh might leave on r- her mind, v Would Philippa come and give himthis last gratification? Mrs. Lance appeared; to have cast aiside her rescntr "incnt and wrote in simple' womanly. ..appeal ' with a matter of fact regard for Philippa's .own tastes and . convenience that -touched the girl deeply.- :Srio 'iieed not be afraid of being too ' /melancholy. ; Hcniy WUdrbn ;was never sad, and enjoyed'.' every Httle" "amusement.' .There were beautiful ' views "to be ; sketched. : There were some pleasant people at the' hoteL Some of the tourists were quite faivIcab' There 'was :ah abundance of material which would be per- : fecUynew'toPhiflp. Piulipju dashed, off an impulsive telegram scarcely able to see' the words; she wrote throah her rain of team — "I will come at once; ' and set about making." her prepara tions, crying all the while, torn with remorse, seeing her own conduct in its blackest aspect ; yet,' through all, conscious of a secret, guilty and wholly -artistic interest, for which she bated herself, in the drama of the situation. The family at the bank met at early break fast the next rooming, all weighted and solemnised by the tremendous decision of the night- before ; all resolved to face an inevitable fate in tie happiest spirit ; all secretly hugging the assurance tncy lmd given themselves and each other, that this fate was the best that could befall, yet all dreading any allusion to the subject of which their minds were full; all be wildered, anxious, and uncertain what the next step would be. Philippa 's notc, telling of her impending de parture, was a welcome relief to every one, except Tony. Philippa wrote vaguely, though there was an emotional atmosphere, so to speak, About the wording of her announcement which exasperated poor Tony." Philippa had lier own reasons for reserve. Slic had never confided the "NVildron episode to the Strauges, who lived in a different groove, aiul wero not likely to hear of it in any other quarter. What 'does, she mean ?" said Sir Anthony in perplexity, handing back the note to Lady Strange,v;'wbo bad first read it aloud and then passM it on to him. " Can it bo "Mrs. Lance who' is ill ? That one could understand. But why should Philippa' run off at a day's notice to Switzerland, to help to nurse Mrs. Lance's brother, who appears -to be on his death bed?",: "A dying poet," said Lady Strange, grimly : "Castle of Chillon; edelweiss; the immortal lake ; The Nonvelle HeloYse, and all the rest ! You may be sure that Philippa sees a mine of copy, and is hurrying off because she is afraid of missing the poet's dying speeches. I don't mean to be heartless, Anthony," Lady Strange added, with a quavering laugh, "and I'm sure I'm very sorry for the poet ; but, on the whole, I'm glad that Philippa is going to Switzerland. Things will have settled down by the time she comes back." Tony swallowed his coffee, galloped through his fried sole, and went downstairs on the plea that he was late for the opening of the bank. Berenice was spared the ordeal of another course of cross-questioning by Philippa. She dreaded Philippa's keen eyes and Pliilippa's in tuitions, though there was little likelihood that in the present case Philippa's intuitions would diviuo the true state of affairs. Berenice did not know either that Philippa had her own troubles to engross her mind. When the after noon came, and Lady Strange set forth for the Boltons, Berenice pleaded a headache, and charged the old lady with her farewells. Tony was already in the studio. He had arrived a few minutes before. When Lady Strange entered he was gloomily watching Philippa, as she packet! her despatch box and sorted the sacred note book. " It I stay, I shall allow myself to be angry with you, rhilippa; so I shall only just say good-bye. What business have you to be rush ing off in this scare brained fashion? I know it's ouly one of your heartless notions that a dying poet will give you some good material. I don't understand your modern, cold blooded school. You'd make copy out of me if I were on my death bed. Why rhilippa," — and Lady Strange paused a moment in astonishment — " I declare, yoxi have been crying !" "Yes, I have, Aunt Jennie," frankly acknow ledged Philippa. "Is it genuine, or is it only artistic emotion? I have never believed in your tears, Philippa, since that day I came here and fouud you in such a state that I made certain something terrible had happened. And what do you think, Tony ? She was in the middle of a hunting story, and her heroine's favorite hunter bad broken its back in a ditch." " It was a very affecting story," said Tony, stoutly. "I cried over it myself"" " Well, I didu't," said Lady Strange. "But tell me, Philippa — I shall resx>ect you if- you have been crying over Mrs. Lance, or the poor man who is dying, or even over yourself." "Then respect me, Aunt Jennie, " replied Philippa with spirit. " I'm foud of Mrs. Lance, arid I used to know Mr. Wildron ; and I suppose I may be sorry for myself, since my visit to Switzerland is not likely to be a very cheerful one." "Poor thing! Poor thing 1" Lady Strange said, a good deal mollified. "I wish you hadn't to go, Philippa. But perhaps you will be able to bring some comfort to the boy, or to Mrs. Lance. Well, my dear, don't stay away longer than you can help. We shall miss you here, more than you think perhaps." : . After a few more parting words the kindly old lady went away. ' "I shall miss you— more than you think perhaps," said Tony resolutely. "No, vou won't, Tony— at least, you must not. I don't want you to miss me, or to trouble about me at alL" - "Stuff!" Tony replied, : bluntly. "You know I can't help troubling about you, as you call it. 'If a man is in pain, what's the fun of recomrneriding him not to feel any pain ?" - "Much may be done by effort and self control," Philippa said, with intense gravity of manner, shotting and locking her despatch box as she spoken . in j-.': - - si.v " Miracles can't be done by effort and self control," Tony said sharply ; - "and. -nothing snort, of a. miracle will ever change me to you, PhUinpa;" \;:i " : / . -' "I m something veiy.short of a miracle, and I could do it, Tony." . "Do what?" . ,/r. "Why, of course, .do what you talked of— change you tome."-. .. ..: . ; " How coidd you do that P . ' . s . v. ./ " Simply by promising to marry you, as you want me to, onu then lotting you know in time what sort of girl I really was, and' you would change towards me fast enough." . " Oh, that's what all girls say ; aud it's mere affectation on your. part, Philippa. : You talk as if I had only ;known you since the day before yesterday., Lookhere, Philippa— and .do talk' like a reasonable, a t aightforwanl girl." : . -.Y ? "Tony, I am never reasonable ; .and just now, I. don't think I could be quite 'straightforward to. you." . " V :- : . " Yes, you can, if you choose.' Well I am in love with you, and you know it. "Will you promise to marry me? I don't ask you to say, when I only ask you to say yei Come!". ' " My dear Tony, I am not by any means in a marrying mood, or a love making mood, just now. I jWon't make love, and I dou't waiis to be .'nuulo love ia 'My mind isn't that way.inclinod.; I am thinking of very different things"; I am thinking .. of dying : pco;>3e and of grieving friends. - I am sorry for that poor boy. . I wish Ihad known a little sooner of all that was to' come, arid it might ha vie made me more sensible, perhaps." 4 4 Yes— perhaps,'. said Tony, grimly. ! Oh, of cours ' X know yon would .think ; I acted badly irianycase," Philippa said, flnslilrig up, arid rather glad to have thechancc .of beirig angiy with somebody or something; . ' I didnt say anything of the kind. , Besides, I was thinking of mysdf and my own 'case. I wis thirikinc that if you could . look info the future now it might , make you more sensible arid more considerate about me, "Tony declared in a tragic voice. "Oh, you silly young man! you will be as happy as a king, whatever I decide upon doing." "You know that's not true — you know that I can never be happy without you, Philippa. Come, be kind to me ; give me an answer." "Tony, if lam to be kind to you I mustn't give you an answer to-day. I can't think about" marrying and giving in marriage to day." 41 It ia such suspense," Tony pleaded. "Xf tou insist on my giving tou an answer to- day — now, this moment, Tony — I must answer no ! I couldn't say anything else to-day ! My mind wouldn't let me ; my mood, if you prefer to call it so, wouldn't let me. I am only. in a humor to think about graves, and coffins, and mourners, and not the least in the world inclined for thinking of bridals, and orange blossoms, and wedding bells. So there It is, Tony. I am serious, quite. Shall I answer you now— here, at once, before I go— or will yon lot me put off the answer,?" "Oh, Philippa, how can yon be so cruel? Put off the answer, if it must be so, and take any time you like to think over the thing. I don t want to press you, if you take such a view of it. But when you know how I love you, arid when you have known it all this long time, and you have never sent roe away from you — never— I don't see what matter it can make whether you answer me now or wait until some other day." " Dear hoy, I don't know why or wherefere, only that so it is with me," Philippa said, with a certain tenderness in her voice. 1 It isn't caprice really— not this time, at least. Only I couldn't make you any promise now; and if I decide at all I must only say no. I couldn't help myself. So let mo say good-bye to you in all kindness, Tony, and let me go on my sad errand ; and we cau talk over this some brighter time." " Until you come back," Tony said, "there can be no brighter rime for me." "Foolish youth, is not that what I mean? YTe can talk over this when I come back. The time till then will not be quite gladsome for ine, you may be sure. Good-bye." "Is that your last word to rac?" "My last for the present. You would not- like me to say the cold one-syllabled word ?" " Oh no, no?" ""Well, then, good-bye. Yet that is not quite my last word. I have four words more to say. TUey are not mine either — not my own, I mean. But you know your Shakspeare, don't you ? 'Presume not"' — Tony looked angry — "'des pair not1 " — Tony looked bright. They parted ; and though Tony was miser able, his misery had its mitigation. Berenice saw nothing of Binbian that day. He was closeted for sometime with Sir Anthony in the little back parlor behind the partners' room. Before be went away he was introduced to Mr. Grell, one of the partners, and had opened an account with the bank. But he would not go up to the private rooms. "I think not to-day," lie said, shyly, and a little awkwardly. 44 1 don't want to seem thrusting myself on Berenice. I want to give her time ; I want to give myself time. It's like a dream— a beautiful happy dream to me, and I'm half frightened of awaking. I'm afraid of hurting or jarring on her before she has got accustomed to the thought of me. Ill leave her alone, Sir Anthony, for a day or two. Kow that we've had our talk and settled things, I feel easier. You'll tell me what she thinks of what I've been proposing." They had settled a great deal. It seemed to Lady Strange that the whole way was made straight. Sir Anthony had to own that it was Binbian's practical mind which had grasped all the details of the emergency, and had made suggestions for obviating any difficulty and em barrassment there might be for Berenice. " I mind only for her, Sir Anthony," Bin bian had said. " Every thought of my life now is given to her, and to how I cau best make up to her. Half last night I lay awake thinking of things— where she'd best like to live in London, and the sort of country place I'd buy for her ; and there's a villa down on the Thames they've written to me about — she might fancy it for the summer. And then there's carriages, and fur niture, and pictures, and all the things you English people have. I must nave the best for her. I want to make a kind of Palace Beautiful for her. I'm not much on art and culture, Sir Anthony, and you'll help me, won't you? You'll put me in the way of buying what she would like. There's plenty of money, you know, and they say that with money you can do anything in England — even make your own climate as you like it. I'd like her never to have to put a wish into words, but to forestall her fancies before she had had time to form them." This speech Sir Anthony reported to Lady Strange; and the old lady, who had a fine taste in furnishings, and was a connoisseur in old silver ami china, saw a pleasant- vista opening out before her. ' It was Binbian's idea that, instead of the trip to the Eng&dine; with which Sir Anthony refreshed himself each summer—loitering a day or two at different towns on the route going and coming, to rummage the bookstalls and hunt rip old prints— he, Binbian, should charter the best yacht to be had for money and invite them aU to be his guests, and that they shouldmake nuezpedi- tion to" Holland, where, there would be first editions, and old Albrecht Durers, and quaint brasswork to bo bought. Binbian had schemed it' all out in the night watches aud had rushed off the first thing in the morning to get guide books and maps, and to prime ; himself with in formation. And then ihey might go to Den mark, and perhaps to Norway, if Berenice and her people wished. And as Sir Anthony and Tony, he was reminded, most be back at the bank by late September, there worild not seem anything so veiy extraordinary in Binbian and Berenice being married quietly atone of these foreign places and continuing the tour by them selves. : - By the time they came back to London, ' to settle for the winter and begin the real busi ness of life, any talk or wonderment to which their union might have given rise would have subsided— so Binbian argued— and it would be easier for Berenice. / That was all his anxiety — that it might be made easy for Berenice. . < ; . 'Berenice fell in with the . plan when it was laid before her. In her heart she thanked Binbian for ' having made Sir Anthony tbe medium of arrangement and for not consulting her directly. She was grateful to Binbian for not forcing his society upon her. When he was told that she approved of the scheme, lie set about at once, putting it into execution. He went down to Portsmouth to sec a yacht which had been recommended to him, liked it, bought it, and gave orders for a lavish expenditure in making it as luxurioas as was possible. . He did not see Berenice alone for several days after that strange momentous scene in the library. She had been shrinking with a sort of nervous dread from this first meeting under the altered conditions. His remorse was wounding to her souL She could riot bear that he should so humble himself before her. Perhaps that curious iritoition in ; regard to her feelings, which seemed . a pari of his changed nature, helped him to divine ihe dread,. and he met it .with the simplo truthfulness that ' was now io him a religion. - . . > : He. : took .her hand in .both of - his» but attempted no closer . caress. / " Berenice," he said wistfully, " it's hard for you/ but I want to make it as little hard as I can. The' best war of doing that is io try and blot out old things from your remembrance. If I seem to forget yoali know that it's because I remember. The pardon you've given mo is a free pardon, my uear?" " There mustn't be any thought of pardon now between you and me," she said, her voice faltering. " Uncle Anthony has told me what you have planned, and I agxee most willingly. Thank you for all your goodness and consider ation for roe. I thank you too," she went on, looking at him bravely, "for having given me a little time to myself to tliiuk over everything, and to"— she faltered again— "to prepare my self for my new life. 1 pray that it may be happy for us both. I want to be of some use to vou," she said hurriedly. " I am afraid that I am very ignorant, but you will tell me of your schemes ; you will show me liow I can help. ' She sat down nervously — tbey wero in the drawingroom. In these days she did not go much into her own little sittingroom, which seemed haunted by the ghost of her lost love. Binbian took a cbair near her. "I. have only the idea one scheme clear," he answered ; "and that is to turn some of the 1 public houses into coffee shops, and make tliem centres for work among the poor. Other ideas will grow out of that one, I suppose, aud by and by there'll be . Rick Ransom to help and advise. He won't have been in Parliament all these montlis for nothing. Berenice, are you cold?" " No-oh no," she said hastily. " I thought you seemed to shiver. Well not talk of schemes now. There's something I want to say to yon. Oh, my dear, there's so much that's been burning in my heart and on my lips all these years. I've talked to you often in tuo loneliness and darkness of the night, and I've asked your pardon for the cruel wrongs I'vo done you, aud the angry taunts, the rough brutal words— I've thought of them and re- merobered — oue by one the times have come up in my mind, and I've been like to break my heart in my despair. But there — I've thought it out since you took me back again, and I've got to see what must be nnd what mustn't be. It mustn't be that I shame you. For that I must make myself seem better than I am. I've got to see that you have lifted me on to a new platform — by your side, and that I mustn't make things harder for you by bringing up over nnd over again Gregory Florence's ghost." " Oil," she interrupted. " That's how I want you to feel. Let me forget. You have so changed. It is all wiped away and blotted out. I want it to be forgotten. I want you to forget." " That I couldn't and oughtn't to do," he said firmly. "If I could forget I might go back again to being the man I was. No never quite that. It's too fast burned into mc. But I daren't let myself forget. I know, though, that it isn't fitting for me to abase myself. Though I have no honor in myself, you have raised me to honor. Ill trv nil I can not to remind you of what is gone. I'll make my con fession, and do my humble penance to God ; and the past shall be between my God and mc." So the dark chapter was closed. As Binbian Jo, Gregory Florence was accepted among tbem ; and no one wished to remember that he had ever been other than what he now was. Except for the tricks of manner and the out ward resemblance, Berenice could indeed have found little in common between Gregory whom she had married and this grave, gentle, grey- haired man, whose every look and word con veyed the most reverential consideration for her wishes and feelings. The Strauges and Tony liked him much. Gradually all embarrassment in their relations faded, and Binbian wa3 at his best with them. He had a certain rude force and originality which stamped him apart from other men, and which blended curiously with his extreme hum ble mindedness and unconsciousness of self. He was not given to much talking, but when he spoke his speech was frank and earnest ; aud if he showed traces of his wild life in some slight roughnesses and crudities, nothing that he said or did was ever coarse or jarring. In everything he gave the impression of a man solemnised by a sense of heavy responsibility ; and it was clear that he looked upon his wealth as a trust, for the fulfilment of which he had to render the strictest account. He kept his sim ple habits, and seemed to shrink from indul gence in any personal luxury as from a sin. But for Berenice, for her friends, for the poor, no outlay could be too lavish. Atonement was bis religion. There was no coinplexity in his cha racter or motives. It was as though the outer evil husk of his nature had been suddenly wrenched away and the true primitive man laid bare. - As day by day Berenice grew more accustomed to bis distinct and ever kindly presence, there crept over her so stupefying a sense of un reality that she sometimes felt as though physical pain would be welcome— anything that would force her to take a new firm grasp on life, and that would! rouse her out of this bewildered condition of mind, in which past and present alike seemed' only part of a fevered dream. In some respects it was perhaps a merciful condition, for it enabled her to play her part composedly, and to meet her fate with a gentle resignation that might easily have been mistaken for 'satisfaction;' If Binbian's over bearing ways were all gone, so also Berenice bod lost her old impetuous temper. She was sub dued and gentle with the Stranges and with Tony. ; To Binbian she was kind and 'sweet , and if sometimes a haunting look or tone, or gesture, or turn of phrase would bring back her miserable married life, and cause -her to start and shiver with a renewed terror, she would resolutely put' into force her habit of self disci pline, would plunge into some new subject, and make him talk oa, bravely facing the ghost of her old wretchedness, : and reminding herself of Binbian's words. Yes; Gregory Florence was dead, and it was Joseph Binbian who was to be her husband. She interested herself in the yacht and the plan of their voyage, arid in Tony's enthusiasm and Sir Anthony's placid gratification. Once or twice she spoke openly of Ransom, and even asked Binbian if;hc had written to tell his friend of what lrnd happened and of their future plans. She wanted Richard to know. It seemed to her. that when Richard knew the climax of the tragedy would have been reached. It would be no shock to Richard, she told herself. . He would bo waiting for the news. He would be certain that sho. would, do what he had told lier. was her duty. ; It was what he had wished; for was not 'Binbian: his friend? Binbian wrote. He wrote more than once, but it was months before, his letters reached Ransom. Poor Richard was feverishly, roaming the face of the earth— now in Russia, uowin tho Austrian Tyrol, how at Athens, now at -Asia Minor. . It was at Smyrna that he read of tho remarriage of Binbian .arid Berenice.. He bad gonc into one of the Frenchified restaurants oh the quay, hear the terminus of the tramway, and was, idly looking ' over ,'thc pages of.Galig- nanL His eyes suddenly rested on ah announce ment ihat inade liim draw a deep breath. . " The fairiouB millionaire, Mr. Binbian, the Mackay of Australia, was married last week at the chapel of the English Legation, Copeu- hagen, to Mrs! Florence, a youug widow, and niece of Sir Anthony Strange, the well known banker of Lombard-street, London." 