NEEDLES= "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Theatre. Football. Garner's Rooms. Sarcastic "Scipo." Well done, Unley. Souths v. Norwoods. Suicide by poisoning. Tom and Charlie gone. The Australians 66 behind. Emperor Fritz has retracted. "The Streets of New York." Adelaides v. North Adelaides. Forest reserve at Port Lincoln. Affey is getting into good form. Fine weather for kicking goals. An Italian gunboat sent to Zanzibar. Spofforth going to reside in England. Mr. A. B. Moncrieff, S.C.E., London. Special train to Melbourne to-morrow. Week's run at Broken Hill, 81,352 oz. The delegates are moving towards Sydney. Cambridge, two for 31 in the second innings. Sydney legislators don't pay up their whisky score. Knutsford's "instructions" have been re- ceived. The Forts have the best record so far this season. Land in King William-street sold for £600 per foot. Won't Rowley boss around at the Melbourne Exhibition? Will the "national" movement in Queens- land continue? Most of our notables—even Rowley—have gone to Victoria. The Lords apparently favor their own reform, and they need it. "Boccaccio" Appleby is now lessee of a theatre at Shields. The Democrats of America approve of Cleve- land's tariff policy. Gawler declares for facilitating the Barrier trade to Adelaide. The Echunga Wattle Company have got 1,000 acres planted. Sir Henry Wrenfordsley is now an acting judge in Melbourne. New taxation being introduced into the N.S.W. Legislature. The English Government have paid £25,000 for the "position finder." The gold yield in Victoria for the quarter shows a slight falling off. The New Zealand loan for £2,000,000 was subscribed four times over. The Railway Commissioners are getting some idea of the North lines. Captain Lewis gives a straightforward re- port on the Beltana Broken Hill. A good footballer, if he is a bad workman, has the best show for employment. The Emperor is defeated on his first attempt to amend the Prussian constitution. The concert at Unley for the benefit of the Hartell family was largely attended. Certain Sydney politicians will have to pay cash for their refreshments in future. Elder's Wool and Produce Company is to be amalgamated with Elder, Smith, & Co. The Rugby Union is severe on the English footballers who have come to Australia. Our Engineer-in-Chief elected a member of the Society of Civil Engineers, London. Sir 'Enry has been asked to make all the arrangements for holding the conference. The real assays from the Beltana Broken Hill range from 3 to 5 oz. of silver per ton. "Where are you going to, my pretty maid?" "I'm going a rinking, sir, she said," &c.;, &c.; Victoria's mails will be dispatched to Mel- bourne by special train to-morrow afternoon. A motion in favor of intercolonial free- trade carried at the conference in Melbourne. English capitalists do not seem to have any doubt about the financial soundness of New Zealand. The Conservator of Forests has already dis- tributed 200,000 trees this year; 400,000 more waiting. The Agricultural Bureau recommend that the importation of all plants from N.S.W. be prohibited. Passengers will be taken by the special train which takes the Victoria mails to Mel- bourne to-morrow. Some settlers at Renmark, disgusted with the slow progress, have taken their teams over- land to Broken Hill. The Agricultural Society have carried a resolution asking the Government to appoint a teacher of advanced dairying. The Commissioner of Crown Lands, in re- ply to a deputation, could not see his way clear to withdraw the Tatiara educational lands from sale. "Footballers, rowing men, cricketers, and those who have served a term in the Stockade are the only persons who stand any show for employment these times." SKATING. [By House Sparrow]. On the rink at the Ex. a lany young man Sang skating, I'm skating—yaas, skating; Though the first time with rollers, I'm sure that I can Go skating—ah, skating—yaas, skating. For I learnt years ago when far over the sea, O'er the ice I have spun many miles in great glee, So I'm not quite so green as colonials you see At skating—ah, skating—yaas, skating. He fell with a flop ere he'd finished his song Of skating—ah, skating—yaas, skating; Though his head thumped the floor yet his feat spun along He's skating, he's skating, he's skating. He struggled and lurched, and a last try he gave To rise from the floor, but straight on like a wave— A dozen more fell on that rinkist so brave— They're skating—yaas, skating; they're skating. Then I said to myself as I flew round the rink, Not skating, not skating, not skating, That young man has finished his singing, I think, Of skating—ah, skating—yaas, skating. They first found his feet, then they searched for his head; As they carried him past me they swore he was dead; And yet, I assure you, the poor fellow said— I'm skating—ah, skating—yaas, skating. Now, I feel just as sure as I'm sure that I'll not Go skating—ah, skating, go skating, 'Twas through being conceited he got it so hot While skating—ah, skating—oh, skating. For if he'd not tried so grandly to sail Round the big rink, but humbly held on by the rail, Then you probably never had heard this sad wail Of skating—ah, skating—oh, skating. SELECT SAYINGS. Misery follows the spendthrift, but dwells with the miser.—Danish proverb. He who sows brambles must look well to his shoes.—Italian proverb. Pride wears soft raiment, but keeps a lean larder.—Russian proverb. He who knows little soon blabs it.—Portu- guese proverb. A lie has no legs and cannot stand, but it has wings and can fly far.—Chinese proverb. Flies spy out the wounds, bees the flowers; so do good men the merits and common men the faults.—Hindoo proverb. The foundation of domestic happiness is faith in the virtue of women; the foundation of political happiness is confidence in the integrity of man; the foundation of all happiness, tem- poral and eternal, is reliance on the goodness of God. When the world has once got hold of a lie it is astonishing how hard it is to get it out of the world. You beat it about the head till it seems to have given up the ghost, and lo, the next day it is as healthy as ever. In judging others a man labors to no pur- pose, commonly errs, and easily sins; but in judging himself he is always wisely and use- fully employed. Do to-day's duty, fight to-day's temptation, and do not weaken and distract yourself by looking forward to things which you cannot see, and could not understand if you saw them. A sensible man does not brag, avoids intro- ducing the names of his creditable companions, omits himself as habitually as another man obtrudes himself in the discourse, and is con- tent with putting his fact or theme simply on its ground. We often do more good by our sympathy than by our labors. If a man empties his purse into his head, no one can take it away from him. An invest- ment in knowledge always pays the best interest. Friendship hath the skill and observation of the best physician, the diligence and vigilance of the best nurse, and the tenderness and patience of the best mother. One half of mankind pass their lives in thinking how they shall get a dinner, and the other in thinking what dinner they shall get; and the first are much less injured by occasional fasts than are the latter by constant feasts. 