HERRPAULUS: IIIS RISE, HIS GREATNESS AND IIIS FALL. NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. " BY WALTER BESANT, Author of " All Sorts and Conditions of Mhn," &c.;, &c.; Tub Rioiit of Translation is Hbsbrvrd. | BOOK THE THIRD. Chapter X. — The Dance, and After. Soma ol the young peoplo who weto present at Lady Augusta's dance found it, I believe, a most delightful evening. Thoy danced, they talked and laughed, they danced again. They had sujipcr, again tliey danced, and they went home early in the morning or very late at night, just as you choose to put it, and just as thoy always do on theso occasions. The elderly peoplo who came with tho girls look perhnps a less keen delight in tho entortainmeut, Towards daybreak they grew silent ; their smiles wore set, their eyelids wore heavy ; and thoy all with ono conseut begin to fidgot in their seats. Everybody kuovrs that stage of tho evening when tho elderly people bogin to fidget Tho sensation commences in the backbone, and works upwards to the head and to the arms and fingers and downwards to the knees aud feet, until the wholo frame is fidgetting. That means that the poor old frame should havo been lying sound asleep between tho sheets long ago. In a jmore civilised state of society middlo-aged and elderly peoplo will be "fetched," like' children, at an early hour. The comfort of tlio thing will remove tho apparent ignominy. Did you eTer ask a man who has gono to a theatre with toothache how he enjoyed the play ? Or another who waa deaf bow he liked the concert? Or a man with gout if the sermon did him any good ? Or a man going to be banged how ho enjoyed the scenery on tho way ? The accounts given by these gentlemen of the entertainment provided for them would probably vary considerably from those given by others free from bodily and mental pain. Sibyl, for instance, found the evening mnch — very much — too short ; to Paul, on the other hand, it was insufferably long. He was horribly miserable ; he was at tlio lowest depth of sharao : ho felt mean beyond any power of exprosssion. lie had endured being called a Medium's Cad, bat with difficulty. He had endured the suspicion — call it the proof — that bo knew, beforehand, about tho tottering .Company ; he had lcarnod that he had no money at ail. Yet there was one consolation — the fortunes of the family had boen saved, and that by his mysterious Friends. No way out of that mystery was possible. On that achievement ho would rest his claims to be remembered when . ho was gono. That ono thing enabled him to retire with dignity, as ono who abdicates. And now, good heavens 1 he had been all the time in tho company of a man who had found him oat — more, had watched him and seen him at work overy morning — opening letters, searching safes, making his patient write to dictation. Yet that man, with that knowledge, bad treated him with a friendliness which in his abasement seemed contemptuous toleration. Paul — Paul — who had scorned tho clumsy medium who is caught stalking about tho room wrapped in a newspaper, who derided the poor wretch con victed of producing the spirit message on the ceiling with a pair of lazy tongs — how was he a whit better than any of the petty choats and liars who haunt the outer fringe of spiritua lism ? This was an extremely unpleasant mood to bring to the dance. Not many of tho young men who were preparing for that festival wore quite so gloomy, thongh debts and duns, dis appointments and defeats, and unsatisfied, do- sires do surround the path of early manhood, and too often spoil and corrupt what should be the most delightful timo of life. Paul thought that it wonld be best for liira to creep into the room when it was quite full, and when.all the guests had arrived. Then ho would be least noticed, and would go and stand in a corner all the evening out of the way. To stand in a corner all night while other peoplo dance and look happy, it does not, at first sight, seem as if it would be a pleasing mode of passing the nocturnal hours. Yet many deliberately choosa thus to spend their night6. Unfortunately ho was littlo versed in the ways of dancing, and concluded that by ap pearing a quarter of an hour after tho timo named he would find tho rooms full. No one was in the rooms except Sibyl her self. " Paul," sho eaid, " you are looking horribly ill. You have been ill and miserable for seve ral days. What does it mean ? Nothing new bos happened ? " No ; nothing new. It is only that I have boen told a great many things that aro old. Oh 1 Sybil, how can you speak to me ? Why do you not order me out of the house ? Tom has told me everything. I am a wretch, and you have known it nil along. And now Hotty must know it too." "Hotty will know nothing, Paul, except what you please to tell her. All that is past and gono. Cheer up, Paul, and look happy for Hetty's sake. Como, you used to bo so good on actor." " I cannot act any longor. I can do nothiug now. Sybil, I ought not to be hore — I have no business to be among these people. " " All that is over, Paul. Choer up for Hetty's sake. Do your best to smile. See, hero she comes, beautiful nnd happy. " It was Hotty, dressed in white. Cicely gave her the dress. Paul's face cleared up a little at tho sight of her. She came prepared for a happy ovening. What girl, who knows sho is looking her best, and has her lover waiting for her and is going to dance, but would feel happy ? And whon the poople began to arrive, which thoy did in a full stream and all with one con sent at the same time, and the dancing began, Hetty and Paul stood aside and talked. Sho gavo him as many dances as he choso to take, and agreed to sit out for them, because he had proved unable to manage the revolution of the right heel. " You aro looking ill, Paul," sho said. "Aro yon nnhappv about something ?" " No, Hetty. How can I be unhappy whon I am with you? But thoro is nothiug," he added, mendaciously. " Wo will go presently to Cicoly's room — no ono will bo ablo to follow ns there, and wo shall bo ablo to havo a long talk. But you will want to dance." " Thero will bo plenty of timo for both, Paul, Yon shall take mo to Cicely's room about supper time, if you like. Now don't look at mo like that, or poople will notice it Remember, Paul, please, that your eyes are a little — well — more oxpressive tlmn most. When wo aro alone — yes, Paul, whon wo are alone — as much as you ploaso. Now forget everything except that you are at a dance. What do you think of it? You have never beeu to a dance before, havo you?" "No. Of course. 1 like the animation and gaiety of ,tha scene, though some of the men look solemn over their stops. Perhaps, Hetty, they are thinking of the right lioels. It seems as if thero was no trouble or euro or necessity for work. Do you know what they would havo said about dancing in my town?" "What?" " They would bavo asked how waltzing can ho consistent with care for your immortal wel fare, und thoy would have groaned ovor the wickedness of laying yonr arm round a girl's waist." » Oh !" " The best thing about society is the way in which everything liko caro and trouble must be left bohiud. Those who form society, Hetty, ought to bo tho most delightful people in the world." " Why ? Because they must all bo well bred? "No. Because tho wholo object of society is to make life happy, and in order to do that everybody must do all ho can to make every" body else liappy. It is tlio very essence ol society, 1 suppose, tlmt everybody must bo always trying to make everybody olso happy. So that everybody must bo always giving way." Hero an awkward conplo collided heavily with Paul. " You sec, Ilettv," ho explained, "I had to givo way. Outsido society everybody grabs all ho can for liimsolf. Wo will belong to the very highest society; Hetty. " "Wo will, Paul — even if our circle only consists of two." " I suppose that most of the youug men hero have got tlieir own private troubles, bul they dou't show them — any moro than X <lo We aro all actors, Hetty, iffid we make each other happy by pretending to bo happy our selves. ' ' " Tome, Paul," Hetty whispered, "it has always seamed as if tho worst trouble, .noxt to being ashamed of — things which you could nol help — was tho troublo of money. That wa» because wo wero so horribly poor. " "Many of the young mon here, I know, must bo horribly troubled about money. But thoy hide the troublo. Yes — money — yes — money must be had, somehow. WitLou? —euey thero is nothing — not even elementary society. I never thought much about money until — well, I will tell you about it another time. Yoa havo nover looked so beautiful as to-night, Hotty." " Oh 1 Paul." "It makes me happy again only to look at you. Hetty, I shall havo to look at yoa great deal, becauso there is more to forget than I thought thoro would bo." Tbon Ihcy heard voices close to them. A young fellow and a girl, resting for a moment, are talking as they rest. He was a young fellow of tho truly British typo — big limbed and strong, capable of saying very downright things, and with no nerves to speak of. And the girl was a London girl— ono of those who know everything, and go everywhere, and say what they please. " This is the Homo of Mystery and Magic," said the girl. "Hero the spirits do congre gate." "Don't you think they must be driven away to-night ?" "Why?" "By rago and envy bocauso they can't waltz with you." " Waltzing with a spirit would bo quite a novel sensation. I will ask the next modium I come across if ho can raiso a spirit who can danco." " Have you ever seen any of the spirits ?" " Oh I I'vo been to lots of stances, and we havo had most wonderful messages. I'vo sees palo lights and sbadowy-sbcetcd figures." " Whero do they buy their sheets ?" "At Whitoley's, I suppose. Well, yon know, it's delightful while it lasts, but one is always trembling lest something dreadful should bo said or dono. Bccauso tho mediums do not pretend to havo tho spirits under control. And you go away in a kind of glow, and it it not until the noxt morning that you begin to understand tbat tho messages amount to nothing, nnd that tho raps and things might: havo been imitated, and that tho wholo thing,' was probably all a sham." " Probably, I should say." "After tlio lights wero turned up Mr. Brudenel always made a littlo speech. He used to say that after this night thero could no loDgor bo any doubt in tho minds of tho most incredulous. That sent us nwny happy. As for tho mediums, I'vo scon them of all kinds- young and old, American and English — and they are always truly dreadful persons !" " Well," said this delightful youug man, " a fellow would havo to climb down pretty low before ho took up with that trade." " Come away, Paul," Hetty whispered. "No. I will hear it all," he replied with flaming cheek. "Tho last ono who camo hore," tho girl went on, " I did not soe. I believe ho is gone now. But I heard about him from Mrs. Tracoy Hanloy, who saw him do somo won derful things. Sho said lie made up very well, liko aa Italian count, and told 6torics about Abyssinia, and pretended not to know where he was born. And ho showed them ono day an Indian daily paper of that samo morning." "It's wonderful to think how people wiU bolievo ovorything," 6aid tho young man. "In this liouso thoy do, anyhow. If yon wero to como hero and protend anything yon pleaso, thoy would bolievo you, if only you sai£ tho spirits did it for you. " " Lot us try and seo what will happon. Yon make np something and I will swoar I saw yon do it. I supposo whon a man is not good enough to mako a conjuror they turn him into a Medium." " I daresay. How can peoplo be so foolish 7" This young lady had spent the afternoon with an amateur professor of palmistry, who had skotched out for her tho whole of her life, with tlio assurance of marriage and the tale of hot yoars and tho number of her babies, ail written down prophetically. "How can they be so foolish ? " " Are you rested," said Iho young man. " Paul I don't show your fcolings so mnch in your face." Ho was looking as if a Malay muck running would do him good, or a leap off Waterloo-bridge. "What docs it matter? It is as bad for mo as it is for you — and worse ; becauso I fool for both, Paul, Now you understand what I liavo suffered all my lifo. Tbat is over and dono with. You will take mo away from it. And, oh 1 Paul — it ia a bond between us." Ho sighed heavily. " I declare, Hetty," ho said, "that until tha other day 1 had quite forgotten that each things wero said aud thought about spiri tualists, and — such men as myself. I thought that I would win favor and honor, and draw all hearts to myself. 'Oh 1 what u fool — what a fool !" "Will ono heart satisfy you instead of all P Hush 1 Here is my partner. Oh ! Paul, why conld you not loam to danco ?" Loft alone, Paul began to spend a vory onjoyablo ovening. He conld not dnnce, and ho knew nobody. Ho did not wnnt to ba introduced to anybody, being miserably con scious that ho was only tlio last Medium im ported and tho latest Medium found out. And it seemed, as tho niglit slowly passed, as if everybody iu this room woo talking about nothing but tho spirits and tho Medium, and the humbug of tho wholo tiling, with contempt only veiled when their hostess or Sybil might overhear. In fact, to avoid speaking of spiritualism in tiro Tomple of that Cult was impossible. And it gave such nn excellent opening for conversation ; the newest beginner understood how to. mako uso of such an opening; it was better than tho weather. And nobody seemed to. regard him or to recognise him, or to understand that hero was tho very man about whom some, whispered nnd somo jested— spiritualism lenda itself with fatal readiness to the most olcmcntary jester. Not a youngster fresh from school who had not somo contemptuous littlo joko about the Medium. Ho folt presently as if ho were invisible, and condemned to walk about in places whero lie should hoar tho truth about himself. The whole truth, you see. None of tha quarter or half truths with which somo of us try to put things in a better light. Tbo whole truth. Ho was condemned to hear what was said and thought about liimsolf by old nnd young, by the elderly ladies who came with tho girls, and by the girls thomselvcs, ingenious and frank, most of all by tbo young men of his own age — from all alike lie heard contempt- no pity, or sympathy, or attempt to cxcuso— contempt simple. A . dreadful punishment for all of us, but most dreadful to such a young man as Paul. To all of ns, no doubt, i(_ would bo a salutary punishment, though so severe that we should nono of iis ever dare to do any work again, especially literary work. Then tho publishers would bo rained, and authors and publishers would sit side by side in the casual wards, their i quarrels forgotten, and tho general public would fallback upon tho Old Masters. To Paul, this ws the last of the many econx- ginge with which Fate bad afflicted him within the last few days. It finished him, as you will see. He could bear no more. I suppose his imagination was growing morbid, because presently this fancy passed away and was succeeded by another. Ho thought he was there in person, but that tho others were ghosts- — shadows — figures moving about to mock him and to let him under stand what the world said of him. Only he him self of all the crowd was real. It was his punishment, he thought, for all his pretencesand disguises, that he should be isolated. Tho rest of the world was apart from himself — he stood alone. That feeling of isolation comes to maoy men at times of grievous depression. We came into tho world alone, we go out of tho world alone ; wc walk through life alone, save for the love of women and children. Those who have not that support aro indeed alone. Presently one of the ghosts stepped out of the crowd and spoke to him. "Herr Paulas," she said, 11 1 am going to icoldyou." He knew her now — it was the lady who panted him to go to her Sunday evenings. "You have never once come to see me, and after all yonr promises." "lam very sorry, "he began t " Will you come next Sunday ?" r " I may be called away. I will come wikh the greatest pleasure if I am in London." " Then I shall rely upon yon, and I wiLl have the brightest and mostdelightfnl and most appreciative circle to meet you. We shall not expect yon to do anything, but if you should he in the mood it wonld be pleasant on a Sun- 2ay eveulug, wiieu one surrounded by tnends —not mere acquaintances — but people whom >ne can love and trust, and when the atmos phere has been charged with a certain serious ness, you know, and all that, a communication from the other world would be particularly raitable. " t "I will try," said Paul, "if I am still here." " I was present when you produced those ' two papers. Do you know, Herr Paulas— way I call you Paul ? — Thank you. -Do you know, ?aul, that I have always wondered why more has not been made of that miracle. I met the Professor the other day and asked him what he made of it. He replied that if you would do it again before a committee formed of half a dozen prestidigitateurs and half a dozen mea of science, and would leave the paper, not take it away, he was quite ready to give the matter serious consideration. Will you do thiB for him ?" 11 1 think not." " Andthey say everywhere that Mr, Brudenol was made to sell out his shares in the Company ! without knowingit, so that he saved an immonse sum of money. If that is true it must have been done by you, Paul." "Yes," said Paul, smiling, "that is trne, and it was done by mo. I believe that Mr. Brudeuei does not desire the transaction to bo a secret." "Oh! It is wonderful — wonderful. May I t tell everybody you are coming, Paul ? It will be so great an attraction. Photographs fall- ing from the ceiling, or evon the bolls of Heaven, wonld be bettor than nothing." t u Yes, "said Paul, " even to hear the hells of Heaven would be Yes, Mrs. Tracey Han- ley, I will come, if lam still here, on Sunday next" " Come and talk to me again presently, Paul. There arc some delightful people here. But you havo no eyes for more than one delightful person." She laughed in the light ,way of her kind, aud sailed away, and Hotty joined Paul again. " There are two dances remaining for you, Paul," she said. " Come, we will go to Cicely's room. I think nobody knows of it and we shall be alone." No one was there. The lamp was lit ; the door was shut ; nobody knew anything about this room." Paul sank into a chair, j "Hetty," ho said, "you must give me #p." \ " Why, Paul?" " Because I must give you up. I cannot drag f vou down to my level." I I Oh, Paul, you are thinking of what those wretched people said. I know now that you were ' ith a Medium in New York. Bethiah told ' me all about your youth and your failure to make a name in literature." "A Medium's Cad, Hetty. That is how f Sir Perceval put it " " Nonsense, Paul. You might as well call Tom a Professor's Cad, because he is Demon- itrator in tho Physical Laboratory. "No, to have been a Medium at all is ( infamy. It brands a man for life. He can never recover his self- respect. Hotty, bid me go and give you up." "Paul! If you meant what you say — c 1 you do not." | "I am disgraced for ever." He throw out bis | hands and began to walk up and down the | room. "Hetty, go away — leave me, lam j lost. I am utterly miserable. I have nothing j in tho world except you, and I have no right— t no, not the smallest right — to love such a girl i as you." j She looked at him with wonder. " We two, Paul," she said, " have both bad the same enemy. No one can hate tho very name of Spiritualism more than I do. I have j had to look on and know that the professional Medium is full of cheats and tricks and lies. And my mother is one 1 Oh, hail it not been that you showed us beyond a doubt that there is a way open to the other world, I could havo run away und drowned myself for very shame. ' Now I know that it is not all trickory. But we will have nothing more to do with the . other world. The present shall be enough for ? us. "Why, Paul, you are young and quite clever— all the world is open to the man who is young and clever. And I can wait in ! patience if only I know that you are working ; like other men. Now you are apart v from other men. But in the futnrc oh! Paul, in tho future — when wo are to gether and far away from this place, we shall .look back upon the past like a bad dream. And of the other world wo shall be satisfied to know that some mea have found a way to speak with those beyond ; bat as for us, we will cling to the old paths, and go to church aud have faith, just like the rest of the world. " " I cannot tell her," said Paul Then he lifted her hand and kissed it humbly, ji Hetty laid her head upon his shoulder. Then Paul laid his arm about her waist and gissed her lips. "Yes," he said. "The past is gone. I ' have but one thing more to tell you, Hetty. When I have told you that, and not until thon, our new world will begin. But I cannot tell you that to-night. Kiss me. Oh ! my love if it is tho last time. Kiss me. Kiss me, Hetty." The tears were in his eyes and in his break ing voice. Why ? Hetty partly knew and partly guessed. But as yet she did not know the whole truth. "I shall not go back with you," ko said. 44 1 cannot go back and see them dancing. I shall go to my own room, and stay there locked 1 up like a convict. I am not fit to stand among fhein. Is there anywhore another story of how ' such a wretch as myself — such an object of con tempt and derision— ouce dared to love a true woman ? And was it ever told that the woman could ever love him in return ?" 1 11 You must not think such things, Paul, my dear," said Hetty. 44 1 love a man who is! strong and brave and clever. He has made mistakes, but they nre past and forgotten. He will yet do great things in the world, and I ahall be proud of him. Or if he does not do great things, he will do good things, and I shall still be proud of him." Hetty took both his hands in her's aud aughed gently — the woman's laugh which Ihtos away the evil spirits— it is always tho iromau of whom tho Devil is afraid, because ihe is clear-sighted and direct and canuot be rt, lumbngged. When she lauchcd a»'d >rcsscd .1 hia hand, Paul felt a little stronger, as a faint ing man after a tcaspoonfal of brandy. His mistress knew already that the guidance of this man's life wonld be her own. He was so ignorant — but ignorance may be cured ; so sensitive — a thing which can never be cured ; so unaccustomed to men and the ways of the world — that he must lean on someone — and upon whom better than big wife ? Some women despise the man who is not masterful — I think most women loved to bo 41 directed," either by thoir husbands or their parson- persons. Some of them — Hetty was one — love a man all tho more for his weakness and his unfitness to fight the battle of life, "kou shall not go back to tho ball room, Paul," she said. 14 You aro ill to-night, you aro not fit for tbo noise and excitement. Little things — like the talk of those two people— vex aud worry you. Go to your own room and try to sleep. In the morning you will have forgotten these dreadful thoughts. If they trouble yon any more, dear, remember that everybody in this house koows as much aboat you as I know myself. Aud they all love you just the same as if you had been the son of somo Italian marchese and had been brought up in Florence or Venice— or even in Abyssinia itself, for that matter. Lady Augusta lores you as if you were her son, Sibyl loves you, Cicely loves you. It is no great credit then for me to go on loving you when yon love nte above all the otbera Oh I Paul, if you suffer, I suffer. If you reproach your self, you reproach me. We have had the same memory. Good night, Paul, good night, lay dear." She k.Mjd uiiu aud cluug to him for a mo- meut and then let him go. Paul left her with bowed head and went straight to his own room. Then Hetty went back to the dancers. But she left the door open, aud other couples discovered this Temple of Incipient Love, and came here and were perfectly happy. Thus doth the samo room witness many emotions. It is not, you see, after all, monotonous to be a room. Paul reached his own rooin. Struck with so 1110 indecision, he stood at the door, his band upon the lock, aud listened. Below the music was playing a waltz. He seemed to hear the voices of tho dancers as they went round or as they stopped to rest. 44 Full of ghosts it is , . . Mediums all humbugs . . , Every kind of credulity here . . . Fellow said he came from Abyssinia . „ Aro wo finding them out . . Came for what he could get, of course . . , Told that he's iu tbo room somewhere , , Hope he wou't hear what is said , . . Do him good if he does . . . Some cad pretendiug to be & gentleman . . . Ought to bo kicked down stairs . . . He heard these words and voices quite plainly and distinctly above the fiddles and tho harp and the cornet ; though several stairs and walks interposed between himself and the speakers, he heard tbem quite clearly. It was his punishment to hear them. And then he heard the voice of Mrs. Tracey Hanley : 41 Even to hear the bells of Heaven would be better than nothiug." His early teaching it was, I suppose, which caused him a dreadful pang. " Even to hear those bells— afar off— how should he get within hearing of those bells?" Lastly he seemed to hear the voice of Hetty. 44 Go to your own room, Paul." It was a voice of authority, and Paul obeyed, and shut his door. So while the youug men and the maidens, who were really not thinking about Paul a bit, and had only used the subject for an opening, wero making merry, and some, of the yonng men were trying to say clover things, and some were trying to look used up, and some were trying to look handsome, and some were trying to look distinguished, and somo were trying to seem as if thoy wero be hind the scenes in everything, and all were trying to look twice as interesting and attrac? tire to their partners as uature had made them — this young mao, who had also tried to make himself a good deal more interesting and cap able than natnre intended, was creeplog, , miserable and guilty, between the sheets. The music went on and the cham pagne corks popped, and the young men laughed, and the girls smiled, and many seeds wero sown that night which are now growing into fine trees, covered with pommes d' amour In the ballroom they were all so happy, and in the bedroom there was one so miserable. 44 Where is Paul, Hetty ?" asked Sibyl. 4 4 He lias got a dreadful headache. I have told him to go to bed. He is making himself miserable about haviug been a medium, Sibyl. Say something kind to him, will you, to-mor row?". 4 4 Yes, I will. You must console him, V.ty dear." " I will, if I can. Bat he thinks so much what you say, Sibyl." "He will be all right to-morrow, Hetty. Don't be uneasy about him." It was about 5.30 in tho morning whoa Paul woke up. £fe woke with a start, expecting to hear tho music below and the voices of the dancers. There was no music — the houso was quite silent. He sprang from the bod and pulled the curtains aaido. The sua bad been up already an hour and more. He threw open the window. Tho cold air and the sunebioe dispelled the ghosts of the night. He was able to think. First, he thought he must leave tho houso at once. Aftor all that had happened he could not possibly remain another day. He must leave the house before breakfast— before they came downstairs. He considered, next, the subject of money. He had a few pounds in his purse; he had a box full of rings, studs, chains and pins — be would sell or pawn all these. He had a splon did dressing case, with everything of silver ; he had a quantity of gorgeous apparel, some of which be would also sell. He could, iu fact, raise euough iu this way to get back to Ame rica. Hetty would have to wait. He dressed and packed his things. Then he opened the door, aod went softly downstairs, carrying his portmanteau upon his shonlder, and his dressing case in his hand. Tho house was quite silent, with tho feeling that belongs to a house where everybody is asleep. Arrived in the ball, Paul set down his portmanteau and went into the study. He sat down at the tabic, and took pen and paper. How familiar it seemed to him— this study with the long rows of invaluable books of magic and mystery ; this great solid tabic, the safe in the corner', the busts of departed hum bugs. Now he would never see it auy more. He was going out of the house where he had been so tenderly and kindly entertained. 44 Dear Lady Augusta," he wrote. 44 After our conversation of yesterday you will not be surprised at receiving this note. I am going away iu the early morning — before any of you are downstairs. I do this to avoid further explanations and farewells. But I cannot possibly go away without expressing ray most sincere and heartfelt thanks for the kindness you have extended to me since I became your gncst. I never kaew before what the gracious hospitality of an English lady meant Now I ' understand, aud I shall remember all the rest of my life. I may bo allowed I hope to writo these few words of thanks, though I havo to add the expres sion of my sincere remorse for the maimer in which I buvo repaid your kindness. 1 intended to tell you iu full what I mean by this. But I find 1 canuot — now. And yes terday I could not. Lady Augusta, your kind- mess was misplaced, but I do not think that it will ever be forgotten by your most humble servant. Paul." He folded this letter, placed it in an envelope, aud left it on the table, addressed to Lady Augusta. Then he went back to the Ilall, put ou his splendid fur coat — it was an easterly wind, the breeze of soft delicious. May — took his umbrella and hat, and shouldered His portmanteau, And then he left the houso. There are not many cabs about at G o'clock in the mornings of May. Paul walked as far ns the Maryleboue-road, Btaggezing under the weight of hi9 portmanteau aud his dressing case and his fur lined coat The poetry of the fiighfrwas completely destroyed, 44 Where to, sir V " asked the cabman who at last came along the road. 1 1 1 don't know,"- said" Pail. 14 Don't know, sir?" 44 No," said Paul irritably, 41 How tho devil should 1 know?" 44 Well, sir, if you don't know, who should ? Want a hotel, sir ?" 41 Yes, to be sure. Of course 1 do. You are an intelligent man, I must have & hotel Drive me to a hotel. Drive me to the Langham. I'll double your fare. Of course," said Paul, 14 1 wanted a hotel all along. " (To ho continued.) 