Sporting Notes from Victoria TBy Bbacon.1 MELBOURNE. July 3. The chief topic among sporting men during the past week has been the latest effort of the Victorian handicapper, and, as in previous years, horses have, by some ex traordinary circumstance, been backed to win the Melbourne Cup, who couldn't rise a callop on the dav of the raco. Sporting writers have a very happy knock of repeattng annually ' the best three-year-old Australia ever possessed.' This remark has in the past been applied to Fireworks, Fishhook, Tho Bard, Hamlet, Goldsbrough, Richmond, Chester. First King, Grand Flaneur, Navigator, Legrand, and Trident. The horses I have mentioned have '? like dogs had their day.' Abercorn and Australian Poor now rulo tho roast. Tn tho language of ' Augur' in the Australa sian : — ' Abercorn and The Australian IVer were undoubtedly two of the best three year-old performers Australia ever pos sessed, and they have well earned the posi tions they have been awarded.' The Ques tion backers of horses should ask them selves is :— Do they consider that either of these rising four-year-olds equal to Malua when he won tho Melbourne Cup as a five year old ? If not, how can they carry 31b less than Malua did when ho caught tho judge's eye in 1884. ? .-Notwithstanding that the public have commenced backing Cranbrook for the -. Cup, I seo no reason why he should come i to the post on the Oth November next. Up . to thopresont thestable has made no signs . of ' putting on the dollars,' and should the squire of Kirkham bo forestalled in tho : market, Crunbrook may be withdrnwn/afc any moment. Leaving such a possibility out of tho question, 1 would ask, what has the lion. James White's colt dono to merit such attention from sportsmen. On paper Cranbrook hasn't got tho 'ghost of a show' against a six year old performer like Cardigan. Take tho Turf Registers and turt records since the inauguration of tho Melbourne Cup, and how many four year olds -hare appropriated this rich two mile handicap ? Five. Gloncoe, 9st lib ; Don Juan, Ost 121b Haricot, Ost 71b; Zulu, Ost 101b ; and Arsenal, 7st Dlb. Here we find but one out of five four year olds able to hump Ost to ?victory in an annual event of seven and twenty years standing. Taking a casual glance at tho Melbourne Cup handicap and the winners of the past, ? 'Beacon' would advise his sporting readers to turn their attention to the fol lowing five and twenty out of the 139 ?horses still remaining in tho Cup: — Ben Bolt, Cardigan, Enfilade, Silver Prince, Mentor, Oakleigh, Spade Guinea, \- Matador, Bohemian, Lonsdale, Recall, Wha kawai, Monte Christo, Dick Swiveller, Frisco, Pakeha, Yellow Jacket, Southerly Buster, First Flaneur, Plutarch, Meteor, Alphingtou, Chicago, Curassier, and En ? sign. ' , . ? 'Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.' Cranbrook has been backed heavily for the Melbourne Cup at 100 to 3. Cardigan is very firm at 25 to 1. Silver Prince and Whakawai have each been nib bled at. '?? ? Tho Geelong Racing Club have published thoir 'winter meeting programme, -which consists of seven events, namely, Tho Han dicap Hurdle Raco of lOOsovs, The First Two Year Old Stakes, Winter Handicap of lOOsovs, Handicap Steeplechaso of 120sovs, Selling Flat Race, Railway Handicap, and Timo Handicap Trot. , , Up to the present the English Foptballors now performing in Victoria havo proved a ; failure. On Saturday last they were igno miniously beaten by Fitzroy. From what I can see of their play, they haVf.n't got the least chance of success at the Victorian game, and unless they improve very shortly, tho venture will turn out very dis astrous to the Englishmen, as the public are beginning to give little attention to their matches. At the finish of the game on Saturday the score stood: — Fitzroy, 12 goals 20 belnnds ; England 3 goals 4 behinds. In consequence of theV.R.C, appropri ating the Queen's Birthday for a race meet ing, the Melbourne Hunt Club will hold their day's sport on the 27th April, 1889, instead of as usual— 24th May. Mr E. T. Barnard, tho V.R.C. Handicap per, having an amount of leisure time on hand, and being very ' hard up' for some thing to do, has consented to the appoint ment of handicapper for tho Mentone Racing Club. . This afternoon, (Monday) the, weights for the Caufield Cup arid Mentone Cup will be published. [The Cup weights, are , to1 hand and will be found in another column Sp.Ed. C] .'' : ? ?' 