DANIEL TO TUE ELECTORAL MOE. To Itte fditor of the Qeceeenland Time. Srno,-My heading needs an explanation. The Book of Reeelations, at the end of the Christian Testament, has its counterpart in the Book of Daniel, near the end of the Jewish. Both books arm sacred to the miyptics of their futurities. The Book of Daniel, said to he written during the Bsbylonian oaptivity of the Jews, about 5lO years belore Christ, so vividly depicted the rmlire and States of Persia, Assyria, Egypt, Gt'ee.. aed Rome, that the enrly pagan antagonists of Christianity asserted ths hook to ho written oJaet.focfnto. Tile Catholic ver 0ion cntains two ioleresting chaptero not in the Protestant. One of thiee chltpters recites that two veteran ninoern here false evidence against a fair and virtuous matron wrho denied tnhent her faeour. O, the way to her ececution, Daniel met and horangued the mob, cross-examined the accusers, vindicated in. nocence, and got guilt, in the moenent of its triouoph, oxecraled and executed.. At an itomemee distance, I attempt the r6!e of Daniel. I will lay profane hands o0 the tip knot of Mr. Barlow'a 100 majority, on our misreprt.eentation Inn Mr. Moofarlaue, and I will address aurviving fair play on its first prinoipleo, its toftes, and its deity. aMr. Barlow as a proud and bououred man to-day. Saincerely congratulate him, and as sincerely wish his hInourable and influnotial position may never find him a damage, a danger, a deliquent. or derogation to our national expectations. Parliament expect:: every member to do hIs duty. But take Truth in terrogated. We may ask, What is a member's duty ? I shall beat about this question in my peculiar way. Mr. Barlow's personal acceptablenest gummed, con solidated, and led the Liberal Association to victory. This is my sincere conviction and regret, ho other man was so personally acceptable to all. In Parlia ment, he will not be inconspicuous. He will be, at first, an agreeable surprise, and foremost among our most respectable representatives. But I ask the future to note whether he will eventuate in a man of measures, or lapse into a fair and polished voting machine. My anticipations are not roseate; for he is, from the start, convicted of original sin. He has surrendered himself to the seductions of a clique, when he should rebuke and satioise it. Whatever legislative virility his electoral college finds in a gentle soul, it funks back, its nominee is its creature, lost to legislative independence, handed over, hand. cuned and muzzled, to a political Pope, bound by his brief to the advocacy of party, right or wrong, and a billet, even dangled before him, sophisticates his political conscience into quiescence ana acquiescence, snd he passes away as gracefully as a country suffers, or politicial henchman, to bow out of public life. I hope that Mr. Barlow will agreeably exception this from the Alpha to the Omega of his public career. A good man may be the conscience, a clever man the flourish, and an independent man the spur, of his party. May Mr. Barlow be them all to national admiration. Did he, as the H?n. George, offer himself en his own merits, and, with an independent ticket, he had distracted, deasoralised. and d sheet the Liberal Association mountain that dominates our franchise. Both would he fairly the accepted of oil, and our adequate and genuine representation. But the association went in for monopolising representation, for over-riding and disfranchising the rarinority, were this ninety-nine to its 100. I ocmmend its gratitudes to peraea pyereoce--Barlow and Iris patro. age toielserve. es ODD00, solid and strong, gave usa comernon friedd and vulgar foe, tie latter cae who, os various occasions, gave us his worst snap and bark, ohowsiog his canines in a growl of godliness to the greatest of Churches and gallanteet of people, sainorities in this empire. Tire asosiatios. in foisting on us such a sean, is lilling up its cup. In the fcaeof the electoral.roll, I protest in the name of 1000 against 900 in phalnox against the thing and its anan. I have as inglel admiration and pity foe the association twihss. There is nothing lasting under the ens, and I hope our next issue will be two independent, fair, well navoured individuals. I worship a fair thing. I don't mere aueeess. Becosos follows a natorel law rarely sunpesnodl, not withstanding the *'Please God," and " D.V.," se glibly invoked by men whose piety is statueoque and whose spirit is crush, venom, and self. loth God and the devle, by such pietiets, hre continaally booked fore what is the sole eetlrorisatioa of manr's wills and works. Flippnnt piety and attributions of this kind cut me to the quick, like the gash of a blasphemy. The Irfiaite Being is too much invoked upes on vain things, and upon our bigoted vieiousness. To hear some talking yoea would think God wend them up daily to suecessful running all day long--that He has peti for whose tents, fawn,, flatteries, beoeechioge, and behests he is hourly sun pending and intervening. I believe God to he an infinitely good listener, a good judge of our msotives, and resolutely determined that we keep ournelves ever in a filial, fraternal, satisfied mood before Hila and our fellows, doing the fairest and kindliest all. round. This principle cuteseetarianisrn and ascend. anity into the bone eand here is my arced to victory. Napoleon used to snay that God kept on the side of the strongest battalions. Coosar accounted for Isis two crowning sucoesses ty saying that, on the one eos also, he fought a general without an arrey. and, on theother, an army without a general. A Fceenhism say: e"God helps those who help themselves." We most use our resources, or accept the conquect of those that do. T'isl is the philosophy oi the rilaeery, ecrv'litiei, tributes, and iequrlirtiecs that mrrake up haeran history, and accouonts for the state of our Enturday Ipswich poll. fut the sins of omission on one side do not justify the over-riding of aggression on the other. Co sulfering our wills and natural forces to take their course, we are not for a molneot Co prop aurseltees rith the conceit that the First Cause sanocions either success with His approval or defeat with fis sympathy. He is just if He is any thing, alrd that before, after, and 'midst all things. My God in orre macking us all in His image, and likswio' bies us to love one another. and do to rockl other cordially as we would be done by. I therefore hold that He loathes 'e B)eums celebrating the uadue advantage taken of our fellows' inad vertences. A party, a perauasion, a person, or a people so doing, must tread the tracks of His wrath. Colonel Pride purged the Parliament of the Preshy. teriano obersxious to Puritan ascendancy, and Ipo wiek is not innocent of his loaven. Employers fish out the perseasion and nationality of candidates for their kitchens, their counters, their Town Hall, and Par liasrent, sod their kisaes. They are a practical para phrase of " eow can you, a Jew, ask of me, who am a Samasritas, to drink " A person or persuasion of seeh differentiations I would say to, their religion is vain, and their approving duty a vain thing, their nominees a nisrepresentatioo, and themselves not so unmixed good to the comnmunity. I'll put it honestly, straight, and shortly-ehedelight of many oitizens' hearts is the soreew and misrepresentatios heaped upon the Irishry of the ncosmarrety. Honest men will welcome an illustration of an Irishman's loua sad case. Prince Pulshler Muskaw, agreat Germann traveller, visited Ireland in 1828. He writes : " Today, Mvr. L. came to visit us. He in a ferocious Orauggeran. It was to be expected that such a character as his would rrnge itself on the side of injustjce ano delight in party rage. But on m.'Jirt principles ?" He thee gives tIre converve tiaoenas specimen of party rage, quoting Mr. L. as oaying t I leave esered my King for nearly thirty years, in almost every part of part of thle world, end want rest. Nevee'tlecless, it is esy meat ardent wish, which I lailty prtry Gd to grant, that I stay live to oee a eoarl, eoer set Url, ioer in Drltotd. If I were called cut to nelve agaire, or if I were to lay down rny life tIre lir'st day it broke oat, I ahould make the eanrifice witlingly, could I bat be sure that the Irloed of 4,O00,0l00 of Cathohrcs wouea flow at the eanue tirree an say owm. Rnlellionl TI'hat is the irtit at hielC I srnt to nae theos, at wlrich I wait far there, ,ettl to ,elrielt the! scoo. hre le:d oc, float ,ee: e:al.', etsrte c,' ? eIo/"l ae ofst:--eorf flere e n. lee sto i'reao ilrlrerusl till /lre aelto[e race is e.deorte.lto, coal uoc/rte ,ieee? clO ort¢ easreer -belliont, eenit no ]Brryl flIr ?treat to put it lose, can slt.e? ,l'iu " Iteotelr, u y ' "i. t'rjiOU, oU jari. r,:paCSautativee might ardapt lterea.' t.ied a. hes oaU words and eaotinrle:ts. Stecir Cromwellian Christianity and tPride.purge are still extant in our airs, a pest in our politics and homes; and I appeal to your ears for my proofs. I am disgu-ted at the barrenneas of Liberal states manship, at the vituperations and the old by-gones it resurrects and the agencies it engages. It addressed Queensland everywhere-from behind the rage of worn-out fashione-winning for its text-man-iu-chiel hut the same vote that Ipswich and Toowoomba gave their favourites. The 1700 rebukes, outside Churches and lodges, given by Nosth Brisbane, should teach it, in the future, other texts for its platforms. II the Ipewich roll given us 1800 honest names and polls 1700, and, when I see two mrn, the nominees of a solid association, polling the same number, with the difference of a top-knot (which represents special admirers and the anti-local option interest), reason backs me to say that a large minority, more like a majority-or, at least, seven to nine-are esddled with an obnoxious misrepresentation by an organised despotism. I see, in Brisbane, Toowoomba, and Ipswich the same solid 900 with the same top knot distinction, perpetrating the same despot. ism. Its Saturday's achievements will leave it free to rush the country electorates and prompt old feuds into spasmodic eflorts. Away with it to its best and worst. Barlow and Thorn could have achieved a genuine and welcome representation of all our own classes and interests. The hon. defeated is genuinely the junior Ipswich representative. The association would not touch him because he would not chain himself to their shoddy standards. They disfran chised and misrepresented us in theperson of theirold junior political nuisance. Mr. Cribb was unknown, almost, and the exclusive Christianity of his friends alienated many a vote. Ho came unto his own, and his own, to the disgrace of blood and persuasion, re ceived him not. Ipswich would be honourably and safely represented by him. A Crown barrister, of large experience through the colony, and many private reports, assure me that Mr. Cribb has been one of Queeosland's beat magistrates, everywhere administering welcome judgments and equities. Such a man is a joy and creditto human nature, and would beacceptable,in its own town,anywhere except to shoddy Liberalism organised for ascendeacies. The following northern influences swamped southern Ipswich influences at the poll :-The railway yard ghost, and the Springall, Seymour, and Hancock contingent. Mr. Hancock was taken by the hand,in a southern city,and picnicked kindly by the present senior member. His gratitudes brought 158 votes to the firm of Barlow and Co., but, unfortunatelyfor the representation of hundreds, with heads, hearts, and hands, as good as any Liberalism cau show. Our present system of repre sentation is so stupid and unfair as to be thus photoed. It enables 100 to represent itself and ninety-nine obnoxious to it. But, when the 100 fall out about two favourites, the ninety-nine can manage to represent itself and the 100 it scorns. Bunch electorates would enable the minority to secure re. presentation. Only by compulsory registration, and making Church and lodge interference illegal and disquatifying, with bunch electorates, can the country secure due bona fide representation, and shake offthe nightmares of party intrigue and in tolerance,, As things are, I'm not averse to a Liberal regime for a little longer. Certainly, it will do itself the coup-de-grace by the barrenness and shoddiness of its mischievous legislations. Mean time, all men should do the works of common justice and humanity, despite persuasions and races. Yours, much obliged, DANIEL MISREPRESENTED. 