TBE LIFE OF A SALVATIONIST. ?? A CAPTAIN'S REVELATIONS.' Mr. J. J. R. Redstone, who was once an officer of the Salvation Army, has just written a strange little book npon it It is called ' An ex-Captain's Experience of the Salvation Army,' The Rev. Cunningham Geikie,D.D., writes the introduction. The captain has a grievance. He forsook all to follow the for tunes of the Army, and, after a period of what he conceived to be A valiant service, he was f oond unsuccessful, and asked to resign. There are no scandals or revelations in the book, but the author naturally writes with a certain bitterness of bis former chiefs. 11 General ' Booth is sketched in his insigni ficant origin as a missionary at the East^od, and in the more than priestly tyranny of bis present elevation. All power is in the hands of himself and bis family. They rule without appeal. 'The Pope is a constitutional monarch compared with Mr. Booth. He and his family are immeasurably more despotic than Leo. XHL, and his cardinals.' The General's subordinates re oeive just what he chooses to give them. There is no guarantee of any fjxp^ amount j there is consequently no claim ; and inex perienced yonng people who enlist for active nrnsionary work may be sent out to virtual starvation. Mr. Redstone is a man of humble station and of an ednc&tion; to match. Bis zeal makes np for alL He believed in the Army at the mnmrait of his conversion j he believes in it still. 'For real Holy Ghost power and life.' be has never seen inch suet* iags h those which brought him into the ranks. He joined a corps as a member, and ' vent in for the war heart and eonl.' ' To tall «U tfcfi doings, for the three ina&thi; that followed would alone fill a book. How at nearly every nr*wH'g outside we were covered with all manner of filth ; how tbe roughs broke door* and partitions down ; how they fought together in the hall, while rows of tinners were oat at tbe penitant forms crying for mercy.' He felt a strong desire to devote all his time and strength to the service of the Army, but his wife was at first strongly opposed to it. She declared that she ' would not think of selling her home to be dragged about the country with two children,' Bat when, shortly after, one of the children died, the poor woman recog nised it as a summons, if not a rebuke from on High, and she suffered her husband to send In his application to headquarters. The in quiry form sent to his captain in reply is one good example of the rigorous inquisition into tbe character, circumstances, and behaviour of active members, which marks every stage of the Salvationist^ career. It contains forty eight questions, and here are a few oi them chosen at random, and sot always in their consecutive order : — ' Age last birthday ? Height ? Has the candidate got that sort of pluck and go and godliness that is likely to make an officer in tbe Salvation Army ? Can tike candidate sing ? Ever bad fita of any kind? If so. what kind? Is the candidate in debt ? If bo, how much, And why ? When and where converted ? la the candidate court ing! If so. who (sic), and u tbe person a soldier 7 Are the candidate's parents saved ? Wife saved ? Send us the candidate's photo !' The answers were satisfactory, and Mr. Red stone wu in due course admitted to the Clapton Teaming Home. Here be learned his new business, if such it can be called, in each of its seven departments — ' the spiritual, the field, tbe doctrinal, the education*!, the cor respondence, the military, the domestic (or that relating to housework)-' In the field Department 'information is given for search ing oat the laud.' The pupils lesru 'the rules for attacking a town or neighbourhood, and the formation and generalship of e. corpt : the best method of adverttsiiu? and conduct ing meetings for sinners, backslider*, and soldiers* assembly, and cottage and prayer meetings, the most effectual method of form ing and leading processions, with bombard ments, attacks on villages, and working villages and outposts. Much of this instruc tion/' Mr. Bedstone adds, 'is made still better understood by frequent bombardments in the afternoons, the suburban village selected for attack being invaded by a large force.' Soon he was ready for active service, and he received his baptism of fire on that awful night Then ft mob of thirty thousand threatened annihilAtion to tbe army as they marched in to take possession of a new conquest at the Eagle, in the C ity Boad. Now began those wanderings which at first tbe poor wife had so much feared. The pair were sent from place to place, often with the poorest possible prospects of a supply of tbe necessaries of life. The stations, as we understand Mr. Red ?tone, are expected to supply headquarters rather than to draw from headauarter*. Officers collect subscriptions u best they can, pay all necessary expenses, taking their own fast, sad forward tbe balance, if any, U- tbe common fund. Their poininal allowance U 27s, » week for married ©en, with la, a week for each child under fourteen, bnt they are deeply impressed with the fact that the Army does not recognise the idea of salary in the or dinary sense at alL Every officer is pledged to do his duty without any guaranteed salary whatever.' Tbe officers must not take their full salary when the corps is getting into debt, in consequence, they sometimes have little or no salary to take. Tbey have to render a strict weekly account both of the temporal and spiritual concerns of their stations. The 11 Monday Report ' consists of a series of answers to such questions as— ' Number of open-air services held last week ? How many War Crys did you sell on Wednesdays ? What ib the entire amount of liabilities for the week ? How much salary did you draw.' The ' Farewell Heporta,' issued when officers were drafted to other stations, are, of coarse, still more exhaustive. There was sometimes trouble with the women. A certain feminine banner-bearer and sergeantofoneof 'Captain' Redstone's corps hmi a certain following of young men and women. Tbe Captain did not like her following, and he cashiered tbe lady, much to her annoyance. His Major refused to confirm the act, and tbe Captain was in con&e-; Queoce subjected to insult from the fair delin quent and from her supporters. She would ' testify in the ball that she was saved higher fr.hftp the Apostle PaoL' In Going to one station Mr. Redstone was cheered by tbe prospect of ' twenty tambourine lasses/' bat when they found out be was a married man they decamped. Many of tbe lady officers seemed to take no interest in. married men. At this station, toadd to his difficulties, he 'bad to deal with soldiers who openly passed packets of sweets one to another in prayer and holiness meetings,' There were other affliction* within tbe fold. On one occasion, while con ducting preliminary devotions, the captain ' happened to make the following remark : * Ob .Lord, if there is anyone here who wears two faces under one bat, save them.' ' Why he made it he knew not, 'other than as a stray shot.' For all that, an excolour sergeant severely resented it, and, rising from his seat with some b&lf;'duzen of bis sym pathisers, began to abuse his innocent leader. ** For some Quarter of an hour the place was in commotion. However, they were got out at last, and we finished tie meeting in peace*' Headquarters did not like all this. There were frequent remonstrances with the captain, ***& much correspondence, and in the result, as we have seen, he was pronounced nn|nTfff*^wfnK and compelled to resign — Daily Beua. 