Til 1 0 B EE I S T- 5r, gvinkas ukwabd. BY FltED c. MTLFORB. " A prett y general you are, indeed," laughed any companion. " Here was I, giving you credit for some deep- laid strategy that would have done honour to a Wellington, w-hile all the time you were just ' drawing a bow at a venture.' ,»Well, ' in for a penny, in for a jiOund.' Wo are committed to thisjvisit, and perhaps, as you say, something may turn np." '-Something may tui-n up!" Ay, colonel ! Lightly spoken of, hardly worth a thought, an such a possibility seemed to us at the time, wo little guessed what that doubtful " some thing" would proyc,,to be, or how pregnant of unimagined results was the fateful, unconsidered step I had taken in a moment of irrational im pulse. _ Looking bock at it all now — as a shipwrecked mariner, rcBeued over night from a watery grave, might re turn at morning light, and view ill wonderment, from the safety of the cliff above, the raging billows at his feet, and the ragged array of rocks from the maws of which he has so miraculously escaped, — my attention is always chiefly drawn to the seem ingly trivial eddies and currents of chance, which alone appear to have swept me clear of the obstacles that bristled between me and thetunhoped- for haven of my present happiness. Truly — "There is a Providence (hat shapes our eodsi Bough-hew them sb we will." I had cause to congratulate myeelf for my step in the dark, even before the day waR out. On my return to the cottage, 1 found a telegram awaiting me from Sir Brycc — " Hcceived procrastinating reply to my letlcs. Man evidently alarmed. li.ecp him in sight if possible." ClIAl'TEIi XII. 'tiie sovxk o a voice teat is STILL." Yes : I was once more an ,\ . ;te of iiciton Abbey: and as 1 s,,„«i. pipe in uioiuh, leaning against the biliiarc- tabie in the old banqueting hall, and idly -.vstehiug the coloured patchwork o:: the o-ken floor painted by the last gleams of the sotting sun through the many-hue-J panes of the oriel window, the memories of the days 1 had passed under that roof seven years ago cams crowding one on the other thick and fast. I seemed to hear again the merry laughter of that joyous crew, ringing through the ancient lnll and echoing among the groined arches overhead. Seven years ! Not so very ex tended a period, after all, but prolific enough of change among us ; change that had brought grief to some and joy to others — Urquh.irt killed at 'J'ol- el-Kebir, Nelly Holroyd married to a millionaire v, ith a scat in the Lower House and a possible peerage in pros pective. The wheel of fortune turns its inexorable circle, dealing blanks here and prizes there in that chance ful lottery called life. Wishful, as wc often are, for a glance into futu rity. it is indeed a merciful Providence that has drawn an impenetrable veil at our very feet across the pathway we must tread, thrust onward by the unwavering, resistless hand of des tiny ; the veil which hides alike the sunshiny patch of happiness on the road before us, or perchance, the gulf of misery yawning ahead at so short a distance. It has been well said that — though human strength may hear us un shaken through life's inevitable trou bles, taken in detail as we may be called on to encounter them — could we view in one glance, as in a pano rama at our feet, the accumulated burdens that Fate has in store for cvou the most fortunate among us. not even a mind formed in Nature's most heroic mould would he able to bear the sight. It was a sad enough retrospect for me, as I stood there and realized the changes that seven years had brought about. Mrs. Despem, laid to rest in the chancel of the church hard by, with the husband who had preceded her but a few short years; Muriel, motherless and a fugitive from the ill-treatment of the niau who had sworn to cherish aud protect her; Diek — Ah ! I dared not, evcu now, allow my thoughts to linger on that fatal night ; mid I, what a hopeless fate was mine ? The hapless and un conscious instrument of my old friend's terrible death, self-severed from the name my fathers bore, a stranger in the home that called me master, victim of a passion forbidden alike by honour and the. memory of the past — truly on me, too, had the baud of adversity been heavily laid. Colonel Barnes's voice broke in on my reverie. ' What! dreaming, Eus- ,faee?" he asked, laying a friendly h ind on my shoulder. " Despem has finished his letters in the library, and has gone upstairs. Come ; it is time to dress for dinner." " We had spent the afternoon in going-over the grounds, stables, and the nome-fann, reserving the next day for a, thorough inspection of the hciiso itself. It had evidently been a relief to Maurice Despern to exchange the comparative exclusion from the so ciety of his neighbours, to which he had of late been subjected, for the companionship of the colonel and my self ; and it was this feeling probably that had prompted oiic or two re marks he had let fall during the after noon, which seemed to indicate a de sire for sympathy in his loneliness, and which promised the possibility of affording an opportunity for me to broach, later on, the subject I had so much at heart. Hie chance of re gaining his former social reflations with his neighbours in. the county might, perhaps, be made to net as an inducement to do his wife the justice, the denial of which had to some ex tent caused the ostracism lie evidently felt so keenly. As I went- upstairs to dress, I determined, at all events, that, should even the ghost of such an opportu nity present itself on the morrow, I would seize it, though it were at the risk of a quarrel which might force on disclosures that I would lain with hold. At dinner tl/.t evening Maurice Despem ate littih, but was apparently determined to make up for the de ficiency by a very free use of the de canters. I do not mean to suggest that he became intoxicated — far from it"; he was apparently too seascned a cask for his evidently accustomed deep potations to proclaim themselves otherwise than by an aggravation of those appearances of bloated sensu ality which had arrested my attention when I saw him at N Junction. He insisted on our playing black- pool when we rose from dinner, and, though both the colonel and myself were very fair exponents of the game, not only held his own, but won pretty largely. The big clock over the stables struck midnight as we finished our game, and turned to put up our cues in the rack which stood in a recess some little distance from the table, and formed in the thickness of the huge outer wall by which the banquct- ing-liaB was surrounded. Some very quaint and well- pre served carving in the stone arch of the recess caught the colonel's eye, as he walked towards it, and. ardent amateur archaeologist as he v.-as, elicited from him a cr' of admira tion. ;iI\nt a magnificent specimen of of fourieentli-eenlurv work, and what a splendid si.iic of preservation it is in ! " he exclaimed in admiration. " Why. it must he as old as the house, ami yet looks ;.s if it might ha>c ii.r.: J put in fifty years ago. Is there any more of it aiiout r" " Acs ; ihere is a very similar piece in an old room in the west win/.-.'' s:\id Despern. Then, as the colonel expressed his desire to inspect if. he : d led with sonic degree of hesitation. " You can gc-u around that way to your own rooms, and. if you like. 1 will show it to you as we pass — th d :r>, if we can get in. The room lias been locked up for many a year." "1 confess I should like to have a look at it if it won't be giving you too much trouble," ans acred the colonel. "Archeology is my pet fad." " Come along, then," was the reply. " If you'll just light those candles, i'il put the gas nut ; the servants will have gone to lied. AVe'll go out at the. lower end of the hall and through the back passages. It will be much the nearer way . ' AVe passed out at the entrance which communicated with that por tion of the house where the domestic offices were situated, and made our way along some stone-flagged passages leading to the west wing. " What a place for burglars," J suggested, laughing. " Why you might hunt one for a week and never catch him in this labyrinth." Despem nodded. " A'cs : and I can remember the time when lie could have effected an entrance without the slightest difficulty," he said. "There was nothing easier than to get in at the window you have just passed, before I had those bars put across it. Another passage, a flight'of wooden stairs, and then Maurice Despern paused before a door, which, after a moment's difficulty in unlocking it, lie threw open aud moutioned us to enter. The colonel, in his old-fashioned, courteous way, made a gesture for our guide to precede him, but, draw ing back with a muttered excuse, Despern stooped down and apparen tly busied himself with his shoe- lace, while we passed on into the room. Feeble as was the light given bv the candles that we carried, one glance sufficed to tell nc where 1 stood. Yes ; unaltered, save by the ab sence of the few details that betoken present- occupation, the scene was the same that the lapse of years had been unable to efface from my memory, searep in, as it h id been, by the horror of that fatal night. Dirk's room ! God ! how it all came back to me witn the dizzying clearness of a lightning-flash 1 Tint terrible awakiac, the moment's be wilderment as I realized that I was not in my own room and bed, the white face before me, and then — the dawning consciousness of the hideous truth ! For a moment I stood there spell bound, as those fearful memories ran riot in my brain. Then, placing my caudle on the mantel-piece, I steadied myself with an effort, and strove to look about me with some degree of calmness. TO BE COXTI.VLEI). 