EDITHA'S BURGLAR. This is tho story of a wise Iittlo girl, who sat up' as the protector of her timorous mother. Burglars are about, and one night, whilst her father is away. Editha hears sounds which con- vince her that tho expected burglar ia come. To spare hor mother she croeps downstairs and interviews the interloper at his work "Don't be frightened," sho 'Said in a soft voice. 11 1 don't want to hurt you ; 1 came to aek a favor of you." The burglar was so amazed that he actually forgot he was a burglar, and staggered back agaiust the wall. I think he thought at lirst that Kditha was a little ghost. 41 You soe I couldn't hurt you if I wanted to," sho went on, wishing to encourago him. u I'm too little. I'm only seven — and a little over— and I'm not going to scroam, because that would waken mamma, nud that's just what 1 don't want to do. That did encourage the burglar, but still ho was so astonished that he did not know what to do. Woll| I'm blowed," ho said in a whisper, 44 If this aiu't a rummy go"— which was ex tremely vulgar language \ but, unfortunately, ho was ono of those burglars who, as Miss Lano said, 44 had not any advantages," which is, indeed, tho case with the majority of the burg lars of my acquaintance. Then he began to laugh, in a whisper also, if one can laugh in a whisper. Ho put bis hand over hie mouth, aud made no noise, but ho laughed so hard that ho doubled up and rocked himself to aud fro. " The rummiest go," ho said, in his unodu- catcd way. 44 An1 sho hain't a-goin to 'urt mo. Oh, uiy heye !" Ho was evidently very badly educated, in deed, for he not only used singular words, but sounded his h'a all in the wrong places. Editha noticed this, even in tho midst of her surprise at his laughter. She could not understand what he was laughing at. Thon it occurred to her that she might have made a mistake. uIf vou Dleaae." she said, with groat deli- cacy, are you roally a burglar?' He stopped laughing just long enough to answer her. Lor' no, miss," ho said, "by no manner o' means. I'm a dear friend o' yer par's, come to make a evonin' call, an' not a-wishin1 to trouble tho servants, I stepped in through the win- dor." 41 Ah," said Editha, looking very gravely at him, 4'I see you aro joking with mo as papa doos sometimes. But what I wanted to say was this : Papa has gono to Scotland, and all our servants are women, and mamma would bo so frightened if you woro to waken hor that I am sure it would make her ill. And if you aro goiug to burgle, would you please burgle as quietly as you can, bo that you won't disturb hor." The burglar stopped laughiug, and staring at her, once more uttered his vulgar exclamation: "Well, I'll be blowed 1" The burglar accomplished his wickod purpose, but Editha had tho happiness of saving her mothor from annoyance. 