VARIETIES. — Back from the Grave. i JI13 BELIEVED . TO BE ItUIlDEEED, ItETUliNS AFTER TEN YE AllS TO CLAIM HIS BEIDE. Tlie following tale, which, if "true, is re markable enough to servo as the foundation for one of the stories of the day, has been sent from Brownsville, Penn., under date of August 11th. As the writer gives lus name the communication was doubtless made in rood faith, and is here reproduced, and the reader may take it cum yrano sails or not, as ho chooses : No more dramatic scene was ever enacted on the boards of any theatre than one which occurred at the residence of . Miss Effie "Wellesby, back in the country, some twp miles north from here, to-day, when her' former sweetheart, Harry Lynton, whom she had mourned as dead for ten long years, suddenly appeared to claim her as her bride. In 1 878 Effie Wellesby, then sweet sixteen, was said- to be the prettiest girl in Fayette county. Her father was wealthy, j owning, beside the large farm on which he, lived, ex tensive and valuable tracts of coal, lumber and oil lands,- and also having an, interest in several steamboats . Of coursejaifjugbtol did not lack for suitors from;many of the hi st and wealthiest families of the 'county, hut of them all she chose Harry Lynton, the son of a poor coal miner, who folkmed his father's vocation, and had no, other prospect than that of doing so all hip life, though possessing natur il intelligence far superior to that of most men of his station. The lines of caste and class distinction are not very closely drawn in. the rural society .'of this region, and the young people met at a picnic, where they im mediately fell head oyer heels- in love with each other. . When John Wellesby— a man noted for his violent and ungovernable temper — dis covered Effie's passion for the poor miner his anger knew no hounds. He ordered the young man from his house and threatened to kill him if he ever again found him in the society of his daughter, while he commanded Miss Effie to immediately transfer her affec tions. to a young man of wealth and: social position who had been vainly endeavoring to win her smiles. The lovers were not to .be so easily baffled..-. They arranged clandestine meetings audsperit, many liappy- hours together in a grove of . grand, old, forest trees -near Effie's honie at times when John Wellesby believed his daughter -to he sleeping tlio sleep of .happy girlhood in her cosy room' above his own. 'Well knowing that her father would never re lent, Effie at length consented to an elopement, but before it could be -carried out an: unfor tunate accident marred all. Her father' discovered tlie truth. His sus - picions wore-; at once aroused, and i looking , into his daughter's apartment one night after . she had ostensibly retired, ho found it unoc cupied. Sallying forth in search of her, he came upon tlie lovers iu the. grove. A dread ful scene ensued. Wellesby taunted the roung man with the inferiority of his position, and. charged him with wishing to marry his daughter that lie might live . without labour upon his father-in-law's means. Lynton 'spiritedly resented these insults, and the older man. finally struck him a terrible blow;. with a heavy cane, and he fell, apparently lifeless, to the ground. .- Believing that he had killed Lynton, Wellesby seized liis fainting daughter, bore her to tlie house, laid her upon ner oouch,' locked the door upon her, and. tolling his wife what he hod done and hastily collecting a few necessaries, he mounted liis best horse and fled. Nothing was heard from him until about a year ago, when a letter was received from the superintendent of a charity hospital in Montreal, where he had died a poor out- east. The letter inclosed his will, in. which everything he possessed was left to Effie; who had continued to reside at.the old homestead with no companion save a widowed aunt and the hired help who ciimcd on the farm, her mother having died soon after Wellesby' s flight. Nothing had over been seen or heard of her lover since that fatal night, on which lier father struck him. She believed liim dead and that her father, before taking flight, had re turned to that dreadful spot and buried the body of his victim ; . but iill tbis she and her mother kept locked iii" their own breasts. , . So to-day, when, as she sat with her aunt on the piazza, a tall, bronzed man entered through the garden gate, came up the grav elled walk, stood before her, and gazed in tently into her eyes, she thought for a moment that it washer lover's ghost she saw, and not the real Harry Lyntou;, for in tlie mature man of 30 years she instolitlj1- recognised her boy ish admirer of ten' years ago, to whose memory she had been true through all that long de cade; . . It is easy to imagine what immediately fol lowed, and the rest is soon told. Lynton had bcenmerely stunned by Wellesby's blow, and on coming to himself be had registered a/vow ,to prove the injustice of Wellesby's taunts by -never marrying Effie and never pven seeing or writing to her again till he liad made himself' financially her equal.- Ho started that very, night to work his way to the Pacific Coast. There "he shipped on board a vessel bound for Australia, whence he drifted, first to England, and thence to South Africa, where he finally brought up at the diamond mines. There, after a series of adventures, and financial ups and downs that would furnish material for a score of Ryder Haggard's novels, lie at length secured a claim that proved a rich one- and that he finally sold for enough to buy all his intended father-in-law's possessions two or three" times over. Then lie started on a bee-line to his old home and Effie Wellesby, whose constancy he never doubted for a mo ment. When next Harry Lynton disappears from liis sweetheart's view it will be to go to Uniontewn, the country seat, for a marriage license, and Effie Wellesby will become Effie Lynton before she's a week older. The sun will never shine on a more charming bride, form the mature tiomanof twenty-six' the dominant radiance of sixteen is crowned by a pensive loveliness that makes it even more beautiful. 