Mew South Wales Loan. Oua immediate southern neighbours sud denly sprang a loan on the London market* They had said that it would not be done before June, and by this blind everyone not in the secret was thrown off the scent. The early floating of this loan is set down first to a very natural cause, and secondly, to a very con venient one. It Is said that the Treasury is running low, and as affairs are now managed in Australia that is an ominous state of affairs But it has also been alleged that there is a prospect of a war in Europe. That is the most convenient stock cry ever possessed by Australia. Long after the United States had been acknowledged by Great Britain to be a sovereign power those States did every thing in "case of a war with England." The continental scare is nearly played out. It has hung "over eur heads, oppressing our hearts with a mighty fear these five years last past. At first it was a stalwart ghost, with real terror on its brow; - but now it is attenuated and thin. Still it' serves a purpose, for by its inspiration New South Wales has been the better able to ask for a loan. In which way that war ghost assists Australia to get these loans is slightly obscured For if our generous creditors in England who are supposed to be as well informed as we are, yet are willing to lend us any amount of money . and on good terms, in what way is this trans action affected by a prospective war in Europe. It seems tbat this scare doth protest too much. Our neighbours asked for £3,500,000: they were offered double that amount. They said they would take £102 per share; they will receive £2 more. In England there still is plenty of money, and its owners are willing to lend it to us. How it is that there should be so much money to 6pare no one explains The population is now three times what it was at tne beginning of the century. It is constantly being said that England is rapidly decaying in her great industries; that her people are leaving her as rats forsake a sinking ship. And yet her population never before increased so fast, nor was ber wealth ever before so great. What is notable is that she does not appear to heed the fluster and noise made here about "cutting the painter." Of course, were Australia to do so, she would not borrow any more money of the old dame; that would be mean imperialism. By the use of Ayer's Sarsaparilla, the bloom of health may be restored to tho system which has become enfeebled from diseaso. Tho best vitaliser and blood-purifier is Ayer's Sarsapa rilla. Sold by all druggists. At Maryborough, on the morning of tho 17th instant, a man rushed excitedly into tho court house with an open knife in his hand, and going up to Sergeant Higgms, asked him what punishment he would receive if he killed a man who was going to kill him. Naturally suppos ing the man was mad, the sergeant hna him arrested and taken to tho lockup, where ho was examined by two medical men, who, howover, pronounced him perfectly sane, and ho was accordingly discharged, after paying thodoctors' fees. It appeared that tho man, whoso name is Wilson, had been accused of being too intimato with a married woman, who was lodgiug at a hotel near tho court house. ThiB had como to the ears of the husband, who determined on re venge, nud watching his opportunity, got Wilson in a room in tho hotel, and seizing Mm by tho throat, threatened to plunge a knifo into him unless ho paid down £100 as satisfaction for his conduct. Wilson got terribly frightened, and consented to pay tho sum. Tho jealous husband then released his victim, and went out of the rjom to get a blank chequo, but on re turning Wil-on hud flown, having rushed across to the court. houMi for nrotection. 1 To Tint. bocn nenr llic hotol fiincu. -iride Jlay i\Vres, 