Grape Shot. Harbor thinning. Last wool ship of the season gooe. Beltana silver «nini>; ah«?ad. Coach communication with rnilway provided. Marine Board come and gone. Same old story—no money. Mounted Infantry parade to-morrow. Ghost* ar-i not in demand, at Gordon. Corporation under tlie diro necessity of getting its blacksmithing done across the Gulf. Government not to be prosecuted about lot 4. The Salsette's ballast saves the Corporation a law suit. Commissioner of Public Works obdurate abont the Marryatt-atreet connection. Rifle Club's match not to come off tomorrow. CheBS Club Committer meets on Mondday, 8 p.m., to consider advisability of resuming the tournament. Payne family in Institute on Sunday, Town Hall on Monday and Tuesday nights. Ross Dhu'e cargo nearly completed. Hope, for sake of appearances,the Salsette and Bargany will be in before she leaves. The Attorney-General took extended leave and stopped for another look round in Melbourne, instead of rushing dutifully back from Sydney to his expoctant colleagues. No cablegrams last Tuesday. Overland line interupted between the Peake and the Alice. Major-General Downee has applied for the S.A. Commandantship. Is be tired of Victoria already, or is the boot on the other leg ? South Eastern Land Board to hold its first meeting at Naracoor-te. The five unofficial members are to be paid their travelling expenses. The electors of East Torrens are going to give Sir E. T. Smith a " social" in the Town Hall. The Land Commission was to hold it6 first meeting yesterday. It will sit in Adelaide three weeks, and then visit Kangaroo Island, tbe South-East, and the WeBt Coast. Joseph Clark, late Imperial pensions paymaster in South Australia, has been ariested on a charge of embezzling £30. When Mr Playford came into power, be refused to allow Clark to draw cheques on the account (wbich is kept at the South Australian Treasury), and asked the Imperial authorities to sack him, the request being complied with. Lord Tom BrasBey was quite Burprised to find volunteer artillerymen, mounted rifles, and lancers, as well as infantry, in Australia, and tbe blaze of uniforms at the Governor's levee in Adelaide astonished bim. Port Broughton indignantly complains that it has not '.got a main from Beetaloo, and that it has to pay lOu. per 1,000 gals, for supplies from the railway tank. Gambi'-r is up in arms about that drof>p>-«i Brachport train, and reeolutes accordingly. The Mayor has wired Pendleton, and received replies which he (the Mayor) declares to be "schoolboyish." Port Lincoln celebrated the Protector's visit by aquatic sports lust Monday. The only gunboat has gone back to Port Adelaide without visiting Port Augusta. Shall we hold an indignation meeting ? 