THE STORYTELLER. The Strange Adventures of a House-boat. By William Black. Chapter XXII. Where lies the laud to which yon r-Uip must go . restively she puts forth in trim array; A6 vigorous as a lark at break of day : ? 'J ? Is she for tropic suns or polar snow ! ' What boots the inquiry ?— Neither friend nor foe She cares for; let her travel where she may, ... She finds familiar names, a beaten way ' ' Ever before her, and a wind to blow. ' era. vet still I ask. what haven is her mark vnd, almost as it was when ships were rare (From time to time, like pilgrims, here and there \- 7 crossing the waters), doubt, and something dark, ,7,r ? of the old sea some reverential fear, is with me at thy farewell, joyousbark ' T half-past 2, on fhis per fectly calm morning, there were a few stars still visible in the western shies — faint- j trembling points of silver in the deep-hued violet vault; | but away in the oast there was a pale, mysterious light that i seemed to tell of the coming dawn; while just over a 1 serrated ridge of jet-black trees hung the thin sickle of the \ moon, orange-hued, and sending down on the smooth j surface of the water a long line of gold, broken here or | there by some accidental ripple. The birds were already singing in this strange twilight ; and their shrill carolling seemed to belong to some other and distant sphere ; for the great world around us lay dark and dumb and dead. When ! Murdoch came out, he spoke in undertones (it had been I arranged we were to try to get the boat along to the basin j without awakening any of the people on hoard) ; and when Columbus came down to the water-side, he looked like a I ghost approaching through the transparent, bewildering, phantasmal gloom. Then in the prevailing silence we stealthily released the Nameless Barge from her moorings ; and with brief pad dlings of oars and poles got her over to the other side, whore the towpath was. There Murdoch and Columbus went ashore, taking with them the end of the line attached to the bow ; and forthwith we were noiselessly gliding along hrough the smooth waters of the canal towards the great gates that were to let us forth into the Severn. Presently, the door opposite the steersman is opened with an exceeding quietness ; the figure of a tall young lady appears, clad in a long dressing- gown, and with some soft white thing flung around her head and neck and shoulders ; then as carefully and gently the door is shut again. ' I haven't wakened anyone,' she says, in an apologetic whisper. ' Ifou'd much better go back to bed; you can't have had more than three hours' sleep.' ' I haven't had any,' she says. ' I was too excited. I way lying nwake, watching the stars ; and then I thought I felt the boat moving; and I guessed you had begun. I'm not in your way, am I ?' 'Certainly not; but it will be a tedious business getting through the locks.' ' Oh ! but it is ever so much nicer to be out here. And what a strangely beautiful morning it is !' she says, looking all around her. Indeed she is almost justified in calling it morning now ; trees close by are no longer quite black— some shadowy suggestion of green is visible on the long shelving taaches; the stars in the west have disappeared, and the ^a.there have grown from a deep violet to a pale, ethenal lilac ; while in the eastern heavens the faint, wan glow has become radiant and clear ; the herald of the new day, on some far hill-top, ia blowing his silver bugle to awaken the sleeping valleys. She regards all this, for some nam, m silence. Then one hears her repeat — almost to nereelf — the beginning' of the old ballad — Down Dee-side came Inverey, whistling and playing : lie knocked loud at Brackla-gate ere the day's dawning,' though what fancy she has in her mind it is hard to say. one turns from her musings — y°u many mornings like this in those wonderful places in the north r' she asks rather wistfully. fv. .a find still stranger things— seasons in which mere is no night at all. You can sit on deck and read till hntt' ^ ' you '. only if is much nicer not to read, boll a tVe 60me an'able young creature play and sing aiiaas for you ; or you can walk up and down and listen to intrwk 8' ? light at all ; the sunset merely glides r ™e- an(f you have a new dav around you before ™°w where you are.' , HV she says, ' when you have been in such beauti aon't you feel it to be just dreadful to come ?iv11 ^ve m a town F' lived fs at aF' ^ contrast that tells. Perhaps, if you vmi miTf always, you might become too familiar with it ; you « 6 ^ ®ne l®uch of things that wonder gives has 'an * 5 wild primrose you come upon in the spring were _ . raor-hnaty fascination and interest ; but if there ^spring and summer all the year round — none of the delight' 'Whiter — where would be the surprise and fixedln^V !ay.s- aftcr a little while— and her eyes are ine mnno i ® the east, that is momentarily becom thatwnOA ^earaa-l silvery and wonderful, 'there are things slwava ™ n,ever Sr°w familiar. Daybreak is one. There is sherdenthv17 ? ut ft is like cbming to life again °otne bant V n? e ')een away» you don't know where; and belousitnT , tue;world ; and when you find it as it is now — £oodasm,J alaiost to yourself, all the other people as °f becnm? * tf—itis very strange. No; I'm not afraid the y,lvi5i00 familiar with beautiful things. Besides, have the k( 8 y°u talk about don't last for ever. You you ^ g, °tmy leather coming on ; rain and gales ; then ?° out bm! \ Prisoner in the house ; and when you can 'gam when the sunlight and splendid weather come again— you have all the delights of novelty and surprise, | just as much as if you had gone to live in some grimy old town.' She seemed inclined to continue talking, in this hushed way, about those northern scenes that had aroused her curiosity ; but we are now arrived at the lock-gates, and business had to be attended to. All that one could hear of Miss Peggy was an occasional snatch of the ballad that seemed to be running through her head — There rode vr' fierce Inverey thirty and three ; And none wi' the Gordon save his' brother and he ; ; Twa gallantcr Gordons did never sword draw, But against three and thirty, wae's me, what were twa At length we got down into the great basin, where all manner of craft wore lying ready to sail with the turn of the tide ; and there modestly took up our position by the side of some of the smaller vessels. There was as yet no symptom of life anywhere: but tlie objects round about us were now clearly defined ; and colours had become visible — the red of the steep, high bank, the warm yellow-green of the hanging foliage, and the resplendent saffron of the eastern skies, against which the tall interposing masts were of intensest black. Suddenly there was a harsh croak overhead, and a whirr as if a hundred sky-rockets had simul taneously hurtled through the air. ' What's that r' Miss Peggy exclaimed — startled out of the low tones in wbich she had been talking. ' Look, Mem, look !' said Murdoch, who was standing on the quay. 'It's a string of wild geese— look !' And away the great birds went swinging over to the western seas. But towards 4 o'clock it began to be apparent that iliere was. some human life on board these various craft. Here and there a thin blue line of smoke would rise from the stove-pipe into the motionless air ; here and there an ancient mariner would appear on deck, rubbing his eyes, and looking all round the heavens for a sign. Soon, indeed, there was plenty of animation. Gradually the crews tumbled up and began to hoist sail — a picturesque occupation in this early morning glow ; and presently the ringing 1 music of the topsail halyards told us they were looking forward to a quiet slipping down the stream. Bustle and activity pre vailed everywhere ; men on deck calling to men on shore ; hawsers being passed over our heads ; on the smaller craft long sweeps being got ready. In the midst of this general uproar it is harly to be wondered at that the rest of the people on board the Nameless Barge should speedily make their appearance. ' Here's a pretty hullaballoo !' says Queen Tita, looking all around her at the picturesque clusters of boats, with their tall spars and ruddy sails. ' Well, we are going to Lave sufficient company. If anything goes wrong, there will be plenty of people ready to pick us up.' ' Don't he too sure of that,' one says to her. ' When once wo tret started, vou'll soon find out how a smart-sailing pilot-boat will draw away from these lumbering craft. That is, if we get any wind at all. At present there isn't a breath. Now, will anyone explain how we are to be towred down to Bristol in a dead calm i ' ' ''?And you— you American girl,' she says, turning to Miss Peggy, 'what have you been about ? When did you steal out of that cabin ? ' ' About half-past 2, 1 believe,' answers Miss Rosslvn, with an air of calm superiority. ' I have seen it all from the beginning.' ' 1 don't know how it is,' continues Mrs. Threepenny vJ™ ' .^u.^ J'011 *wo are &lways; first on board this boat. What is it ? A wakeful conscience ? ' 'It is not,' answers Miss Peggy, promptly, 'It is simply the necessity of looking after this valuable craft. Of course, if you choose to lie in your berth till all hours of the day, you must have somebody to manage things for you. And there's no sloth about me. A am always willing to sacrifice myself for the general good.' ' Yes; but 1 want to know what your share was? — what did you manage?' says the other. 'I kept my weather-eye open,' Miss Peggy answers enigmatically. 'No doubt you did!— I'll be bound you did! And so this is what you call all hours of tlie day, is it, when it is hardly 4 o'clock. I know this, that I wish Murdoch, could get us a cup of tea.' 'You'il have to leave Murdoch alone,' one says to her. ?Mr freare aH these vessels beginning to slip out; and Murdoch will he wanted at the bow, until we get attached to the pilot-boat. Indeed, he'd better stop there all the way down; so there will be little breakfast for you for some hours to come. Why don't you go inside and bring out some so'dawater and biscuits r ' ' Well,' she says, with much goodnature, ' people who make long voyages into distant lands have to put up with many things. But soda-water and biscuits— it's a grue some breakfast ! ' ' I'm going to hunt out some beer, if I mav,' said Jack Duncombe, forthwith. 'I think,' said Colonel Cameron, 'if you will let me advise, that an egg beaten up in a glass of sherry would be a good deal wholesomer for you ladies at (his time ot the morning — and if you are not going lo have breakfast for some hours ? ' But here Miss Peggy interposed. 'An egg— and sherry?' she said. 'Why shouldn't we have egg-nog at once ? Let's all have some egg-nog — and you may drink to the Fourth of July or not, just°ks you please. And do you think I do not know how to make it ? Oh, but 1 do. And I know that Murdoch has all the materials ; and I know where he keeps them ; so come along and get out the glasses.' Accordingly these greedy people crowded into Murdoch's pantry, where one could hear them hauling things about, with a great deal of unseemly jesting. At the same time, when the Transatlantic beverage was at length produced, one could not but confess that it was extremely grateful and comforting at this early hour of the morning ; and the Daughter of the Republic received our general thanks. Not that she came back at this moment. Oh, no; nor for some time thereafter. When she did return to us, we could per ceive that she had seized the occasion to get rid of her hap hazard costume (which was all very well in the mysterious light preceding the dawn), and now wore her suit of blue serge. She had done up her hair, too, and was altogether looking very smart and fine and neat. Meanwhile we had attached ourselves to the pilot-boat, and were now lying out in the open— in the midst of a dead calm— and with a scene of singular beautv all arming us. Here was no longer any river with twisting channels and bare sandbanks, but a vast lakelike expanse of vellow water, quite smooth save for the rippling of the tide'; and that rippling declared itself in a series of sharp flashes of turquoise blue, the colour of the overhead sky. On this pale golden plain the various craft— already widely sepa rated—lay with their gray or brown or russet sails idly swaying or entirely motionless ; the various tints and hues warmed into loveliness by the light streaming over from the gates of the morn. For by this time the sun was ac tually risen ; and his rays shot across the great Severn valley, glorifying all the wide plain of waters, and shining along the wood- crowned, low-lying, green hills in the west. Of course we regarded with some little curiosity our friends in the boat to which we were attached, and found them to be far away indeed from the old-faBhioned tyoe of pilot. They were quite elegant young men and smartly dressed ; in fact, if it hadn't been that they showed some thing of a seafaring complexion, and that one or two pf them were plainly solacing themselves with the chewing of tobacco, they might have been taken for a party of city clerks setting forth for a day's pleasure-sailing. Thougn very little sailing there was for anybody. For a little while there was a light pufi of wind coming over from the east ? the merest cat's-paw, just sufficient to fill the sails ; but presently (hat died away ; we were in a dead calm again ; and so they on board the pilot-boat took to the sweeps, and began to work at these. We crept along in a kind of way, but very slowly— opposite the green hils and farms of I Lydney and its neighbourhood. I ' And where is ail the danger that was talked about ' aid Mrs. Threepenny-bit, as bold as a very lion (perhaps the effg-nog had something to do with her fearlessness) . , ' Where, indeed ! ' said the steersman. . i ' Besides, we are in open daylight,' she continued. ' The darkness was the hateful thing about those tunnels. Now, if anything happens, we shall Bee what it is ; ana those young men could stop in a moment and help us. Why, this seems to be about tlie quietest and safest part of the whole trip ! ' . ,, Oh, yes, it was all very pleasant— the sweet air of the morning, the smooth-lapping water, the sun shining along the ruddy banks and the green woods and fields, andour slow floating down with the tide. One was almost for with drawing Murdoch from his post forward and sending him to get breakfast ready, but that now and again one's nostrils seemed to perceive' some faint indication of a change of wind— or rather of a coming wind — while as yet there was nothing to stir the sails. And very shortly thereafter, in deed, the sails did stir— and quietly fell over and filled ; then the sweeps were taken in ; and presently we found ourselves being towed through these yellow waters in quite ( a joyous fashion. Even with this lumbering weight . behind her, the pilot-boat gradually drew away from all , her rivals ; the young men who looked like clerks had I no trouble at all in not only keeping the lead but in- : creasing it, beating against the ever-freshening south- j westerly breeze with a shiftiness and judgment that were ? very pleasant to watch from this old tub of ours. Of j course we had nothing to do but follow accurately in their ; wake, and avoid the temptation of making little short cuts ; when they put about ; and as the wind was getting brisker i and brisker — and blowing up against the current—it was j quite a new and delightful experience to chase this flyer ' through the now rising sea. And now Miss Peggy separates herself from these asso- ( ciates of hers in the stern-sheets— steps on to the steering thwart— catches hold of the iron rod by both hands— and j places her chin on these as if she was bent merely on gazing away over the waste of waters we are leaving behind and towards the distant shores. ' 1 say,' she observes, in a remarkably low voice, 'isn't ' this what Murdoch calls a ' sous ' wind ?' ( ' South-westerly, I should say.' i She smiles a little (the others cannot see her face). ' That was the wind those men at the docks spoke of,' she remarks. 'What then?' ' I was thinking of the five hundred pounds,' she says demurely. I ' Five hundred fiddlesticks ! She is walking the water like a thing of life. Don't you feel how beautifully she goes ? ' ' Yes, hut is she going to do it any more ? ' she asks. 'Do what?' ' 'Why, jump about like this.' ' It isn't jumping about. I tell you it's the minuet in 'Ariadne' she's doing.' ' Is the water going to be any rougher ? ' ' ' If this wind keeps up it certainly will be.' ' Oh, my graeious ! ' she says, in accents of dismay, and one understands at once what she is afraid of. 'Now listen to words of wisdom : if you want to induce sea-sickness, you're doing your best at present — standing up here in that spread-eagle fashion. But if you wish to guard against it— I mean, if the water should get really rough further down — you just ask Colonel Cameron or 1 Mr. Duncombe to go into the saloon and get out a tin of cold tongue and some biscuits and a bottle of champagne. Begin with a bit of biscuit. Then take a sip of champagne. Then some cold tongue and biscuit. Then some more champagne. Then some cold tongue and biscuit. Then some more champagne. Keep on as long as you can at the cold tongue and champagne; and then go and get a foot stool, and cuddle yourself up in that corner there, and sit perfectly still; do you understand?' ' But I should feel just horrid asking for those things for myself,' she protests. ' Will your wife join me, do you think?' 'Join you in eating some cold tongue and biscuit ? My dear young friend, she would eat you, or the boat, or any body, or anything, rather than run the risk of being sea sick.' 'Well, I'm not going to give in just yet at any rate,' she says ; and she maintains her position on the steering thwart ; only she turns round now to face the pleasant breeze. We were getting plenty of sailing for our money, but making little progress, owing to the perpetual tacking. Jack Duncombe and the Colonel wore between them trying to make out by the chart the whereabouts of Sheperdine . Sands and Norwood Rocks and Whinstone .Rocks ; but the : high tides rendered this difficult, and we coald only guess at the distance we had come. At all events, vve had left the other vessels a long way behind ; we could see them still sawing across that yellow plain, in the teeth, of the still freshening wind. But when, in course of time, we got still further down, : we could better make out our position. There unmistak ably was the mouth of the Wye, with the long spit running out, and ending in a conspicuous watchhouse. Clear.ly we were getting on. And so far the Nameless Barge hacj be haved herself admirably ; and if our youner friends in .the pilot-boat may have been tempted to smile when they saw her bobbing up and down in their wake— like afatohl donkey being dragged along by a thoroughbred— they were polite enough to conceal their merriment. We never pre- | tended that good looks were our strong point. What we I wantea was to get down to Bristol ; and we rather congratulated ourselves on having got so far in safety. If there yet lay ahead of us a certain channel or series of channels called ' The Shoots,' of which the Sharp ness people had spoken in somewhat solemn tones — But who was afraid? Even Mrs. Threepenny-bit professed rather to like this sawing and sawing across ; and nobody was so ill-natured as to draw attention to the fact that all the southern horizon was now grown dark, as if there was a stiffish bit of a storm brewing down there. But what the Sharpness people had been warning us {about we were by-and-by to dis cover. ' The Shoots,' as they are called, are formed by the sudden contraction of the Severn estuary between Northwich and Pertskewet (at New Passage that is), and consist of a series of races and whirlpools not unlike those in the neighbourhood of Cor rievrechan— over by the Corra Islands and the Doras Mor. When we found these currents strong enough to grip the pilot- boat by the bows and yaw her about, it is to be imagined that our poor old Noah's ark — lumbering up in the rear — had anything but a ' daisy time' of it. Moreover, the water became more and more lumpy — what with the swirling currents themselves, and the breeze blowing against the tide ; the Name less Barge began to forsake her heavy gatnbollings for all kinds of mystical and unexpected gyrations ; and again and again ominous noises told of catastrophes within. With that, of course, no one cared to concern himself ; the saloons and cabins and pantry might mix themselves up, if they chose; they might make of the whole inside of the ship an elongated dice-box ; it was what was happening out here that claimed our attention. And so we fought our way — with such roll ing, and pitching, and spnnging, and curvet ting as is quite indescribable — down through the Shoots ; until, as the morning went by, we gained what looked like a very good imitation of tne open sea, where the pilot boat began to lengthen oat her tacks. It was now blowing hard, and looking very dirty in the south, and one of us, at least, began to wish that the two women could be transferred to the other boat. The pilots themselves (who had lowered their topsail some time ago) no longer teemed to regard this performance as a joke ; they kept an eye on our unwieldy craft, as she plunged along through the heavily-running sea. Indeed, it was almost ludicrous to watch the misshapen thing dipping her nose in the water, and spnnging forward again, and dashing the foam from her bows just as if she were a real yaeht; and the only question was how long she was likely to keep up the pretence by remaining afloat. Presently a new and startling discovery was made. As there was no calculating what time we should get to Bristol, with this head wind driving against us, the : steersman desired Jack Dunscombe to go inside and bring; forth a handful of biscuits ; and the young man cheerfully obeyed The next instant he came out again — wiihout any biscuits. ' I say,' he exclaimed, witha curious expression of face ' this blessed boat is full of water !' In a moment — from the look of the women — he perceived the mistake he had made. _ ? - ' Oh, no ; not that,' he protested, ' but a little water has come in, and it'6 slopping all about the floor of the saloon. Here, you'd better let me take the tiLler for a minute, and you can go and look for yourself.' Of course we all of us instantly made for the door of the saloon : and there a most unpleasant spectacle met our eyes ; for if there was not yetjas much water visible, it was wash ing from side to side as the vessel'lurched : and, of course, no one could tell at what rate the leakage was coming in. ' Is she going to sink ?' said Peggy, rather breathlessly : it was Sir Ewen Cameron she addressed. ' I won't 6tay another moment in this boat,'' Mrs. ThreepenDy-bit exclaimed. ' You must call to the pilots — tell them to stop and take us on board.' ' Oh, be quiet !' one had to say to her. ' This is nothing of a leakage— it only means that there's nowhere for the water to go. Don't you understand that all the space below the flooring was filled up with that old iron, so as to let her get underneath the bridges? — and this water is merely coming in at some of the dried seams — or, perhaps, at the bull's-eyes ' — ' And how fast is it coming in ?' she asked. ' How can anybody tell ? We'll have to wait and watch. Or rather, Columbus must come inside and watch ; and if ( he water should begin to rise in any quantity, then we may have to get on board the pilot-boat ; that's all. It isn't doing any harm— it's only washing the floor'' ? Here a violent pitch of the boat flung us all together ; and then we could see through the forward window her bows shaking off a great mass of foam. ' Do you see that now ? She isn't used to dipping her s nose like that ; and, of course, there must be sun-dried seams on the bit of deck up there. Or, it may be, those bull's-eyes have got a little loose ' ? ' Well, it has to be conceded to Colonel Cameron that he was the only one who cared to wet his ankles in order to make an examination. He boldly splashed through the lurching water, and got to the further end of the saloon, and, stooping down, strove to reach with his long arm the circular pieces of glass set in the bows of the boat. But neither there nor anywhere else could we find out the source of the leakage; and when Captain Columbus was summoned from his post and shown the state of affairs it was generally agreed that the water must be coming in through defective seams, and that, if it did not pour in any faster than it seemed to be doing at present, wo should manage to get to our anchorage in safety. Nevertheless, Columbus was directed to remain in the saloon, and furnished with a bucket and a bailing-can, to amuse himself withal. But now these long tacks were telling ; and we hoped that we should ere long be getting under shelter of a certain dark spur of land running our there in the south. And none too soon either. We had not bargained for this squally weather when we started in the morning, and we knew well enough that this top-heavy boat was not at all fitted for the open sea. Of course we were glad she was doing so well ; and the reports from the saloon informed us that the water was not rapidly increasing ; but we were perfectly aware that, if a heavier wave than usual should happen to strike her broadside on, she was just as likely as not to ' turn turtle.' For one thing we kept all the doors and windows of the house part rigorously closed, so that no sudden gust could get hold of her that way ; the other alternative— to open them all and let the wind blow freely through — did not recommend itself. So our gallant convoy continued to. cut her way through those swift-running seas like a racer ; and we laboriously plunged, and rolled, and struggled after. It must be said for the women that they were very brave over it ; after that first fright about the water in the saloon they had hardly a word to say ; they merely looked on in silence— sitting close lo each other. And now that long dark spur of land — Fortishead Point, was it called? — was drawing sensibly nearer. The shipping that was gradually becoming visible no doubt marked the whoreaboutsjof the King, or King's, Road; and that, we knew, was just off the mouth of the Avon. Then the sea grew a little calmer. Captain Columbus was provided with a huge sponge to help him in his bailing. We could hear Murdoch at the bow calling to his brother mariners uhead of him— asking for instructions most probably. And at length and at last, the connecting hawser was shipped, and we parted company ; the pilots put out a small boat, and our tall, modest-eyed young friend came on board to be paid ; and when we had settled accounts, and when he had shaken hands with each one of ns (there is somehow always a touch of the pathetic in a sailor's farewell), we found ourselves at anchor in a com paratively smooth sheet of yellow water, and near to a Dutch-looking line of coast, the topmasts of vessels or here and there a little glimmer of distant landscape appearing above steep banks of mud. Now, Miss Peggy, you and I expect to be waited upon by the whole of this ship's crew and passengers, We have beea on duty since half-past 2, and now it is 10. If that isn't working for one's breakfast, what is?' ' I'm sure I'm hungry enough,' said Miss Peggy, tfadly ; and Queen Tita was so touched with compassion The pale mysterious light in the west. that she herself began to get the table ready, while Mur doch was in the pantry, busy with ham and 'eggs and tea. Now, we had just finished breakfast, and had gone out to have a look at our surroundings, when we were ap proached by a wherry containing three men, who offered, for a consideration, to tow ns up to Bristol. Truth com pels the admission that these three sailors of Bristol city were about the most villainous-looking set of scoundrels one had ever clapped eyes on; and experience proved that they were capable of acting up to their looks. But still getting to Bristol was the main thing ; we agreed to their exorbitant terms, gave them a line, and away thev went we following. ' Soon we had entered the river Avon, which is probablv rather a pretty river at full tide, but was now, at low water, a|ini»!iig long mild-banks that were far from attractive. As we gotrnrther inland, however, we passed through beauti ful woods, now almost in full summer foliage ; and, what ever had become of the storm we had seen eathering in the south, there were clear blue skies overhead, and a warm sunlight filling the river valley. The three pirates, we observed, drank hard all the way, having replenished their huge keg at a place called Pill. It was none of our busi ness, of course; we were idly speculating as to which would probably murder which before nightfall; and we came to the conclusion that it did not greatly matter — so long as there was a reasonable likelihood that one or other Of them would get his notice to quit. The first trick they played us was to stop at a stone sup not far from Clifton Suspension Bridge, intimating that they Tmd fulfilled their contract, and wanted to be paid. Unthinkingly we gave them the money, only to find out that there was no tow-path here, and that we were stuck fast. Then Guzzling Jack and Gorging Jimmy for a further consideration offered to pull us on another stage — into Bristol city proper; and to that we, being helpless, agreed. At the second stoppage we were somewhat cheered by the sight of the Horse Marine and his four-footed companion, who were awaiting us. Moreover, there was here a tow-path — at least, (here was the common street ; but it was so far away from the river edge that there was some difficulty in getting tqe boat along; whereupon the pirates, observing our quandary, again offered us their help, and volunteered to pull us into the Floating Harbour— for yet another sovereign. 'We gazed upon these men in silence ; and had no answer for them. Forthwith they became pertinacious. Then we curtly bade them begone : and even told them (the women folk being within) whither we wished them to go. But then again— when Columbus informed us that he and Murdocn could get the Nameless Bargo along to tbo docks by themselves, and suggested that we might as well go ashore now, and that he would bring our things to the hotel later on — it occurred to us that we were once m ore dependent on those sailors of Bristol. So we airily and good-naturedly pointed out to them that they might do us the favour of taking us ashore— a few yards distance — in their boat ; and this they did. But they claimed a shilling a head for the service, and then were dissatisfied, and Bulkily demanded drink. Wc paTtedwith them mere in sorrow than in anger, for the contemplation of such deeds of depravity is painful. And even that, as will hereafter be related, was not our last experience of the three Bristol pirates. \- As we were leisurely getting along to our hotel on the College Green, Colonel Cameron hung back a little, allow ing Jack Duncombe to go on with the women folk. 4 Look here, my friend,' said lnverfask, in something of an undertone, 44 now it's all over, I suppose you ought to be congratulated on having come down the Severn in a house-boat, and in the face of half-a-gale of wind. Well, you've done it — successfully — for once. But, if I wore you, I wouldn't try it again.' (To he continued .) 