PROCEEDINGS AT THE GRETA MINE. ATTEMPTED INTIMIDATION BY THE MINERS. (BY TiLKuBAru FROM OUR SPECIAL REPORTER.) NEWCASTLE, TUESDAY. There has been great excitement at Greta to day, owing to the determined efforts of the company to continue the Oiling and sending out of the small coal, which is stored on the surface of the mine in large quantities About 10 600 tons of this coal has been sold to the Melbourne Gas Company, but only a small portion had been got away from the mine when the miners who are out on strike induced the men to quit working Another batch of men were brought from Sydney with the same result, the men in the second instance being paid a certain sum from the funds of the local lodge Mr Harper, the managing director of the company in Sydney, then applied to the Government for police assistance Sir Henry Parkes the Premier, lin mediately promised to send a large detachment and said that he was prepared to send as many more as might be required to ensure that the luboureraernployed should be allotted to work undisturbed Advirtiscments were then inserted in the Sydney papers offering 5 a day to men willing to fill the coal, and a free passage to the mine and back The office in Sydney was soon besieged by men applying for work About 100 were engaged, and as many more could have been obtained if desired The first batch of 30 men was put on board the steamer Newcastle last night, accompanied by 25 police under the charge of Inspector Bremner Two union men took their passage in the same steamer in order to be with the men and try to induce the to refuse to do the work The scene on board is described as having been most remarkable The labourers, the police, and the unionists, were all mixed together, and urge right was kept up all night long word had been telegraphed from Sydney of what had transpired there, and when the steamer art ed at Newcastle at the early hour of 6 o'clock this morning there was a crowd of miners and i thorn on the wharf, who received the " blacklegs ' with hooting and groans The men were followed to the railway station by the crowd, and there, whilst waiting for the 710 train to Greta some of the miners' sympathisers harangued the turn, and made a last appeal to them not to continue their journey The labourers however, more ob durate and as the tram wine is conveyed them left the station a storm of hisses and groans followed Greta was reached a few minutes before 9 o'clock and here the men were evidently expected, for a considerable number of miners were on the watch, as they had been on the previous day No hostile demonstra- tion will mille here, the watchers having evidently been instructed to pass word to the other miners in the township if any labourers should arrive the men were collided at the station into one body, and marched down to the mine between two rows of police the mothers' wives are stated to be always more excitable and difficult to deal with in a time of strike than their husbands and it is evident that the women of Greta will benefit participant! in any struggle that may take place About half a de zen of Hiern, some carrying infants in their arms and ne completed by a large number of children, followed the proceBiKiii lue women as they pushed showered a torrent of derision upon the heads of the labourers, whilst the children added to the din by beating tin cans and other articles hastily Gathered together for the occasion The mine is about half a mile from the station and the men arrived there un- molested It was found that very comfort- table quarters had been provided for them A large new stable of 18 stalls have been lifted up for the accommodation of about 100 men. One of a previous batch of men who remained faithful to the company has been installed as cook, and he had prepared a meal for the new arrivals and the police The breakfast was not of a sumptuous character consisting only of fried bacon potatoes, an I ten A cysts in of bo. cutting is in force in Over the shopkeepers having refused to supply any food for the use of ' bundles" lines step wastaltetiundir compulsion from the millers, who have threatened to withhold their em tom from all tradespeople in the town who Bssut the company in its endeavour to get away the coal S> completely are the local tradesmen under the control of the miners that the and the publicans do not like the presence of the police in their hotels, fearing that it they shelter them they may ruin themselves One striking. instance of boycotting may be mentioned Mrs Cook, a partially crippled woman, keeps a boardinghouse in which Home of the non-unionist manage lodged Mrs Cook husband is a carpenter, and he had taken a contract to erect a house for the landlord of the Sports mmitiArtiiB The miners have their lodge room at this hotel, and they told him that if the carpenter were allowed to go on with the work for the publican the latter would never receive another penny from the miners in order to get out of the difficulty the landlord WM obliged to see the carpenter the full amount of the contract money, though the house was not completed, and employ another carpenter to rush the work Mr Robertson, the manager of the mine, being refused any provisions by the local grocers, telegraphed to Mr Read, a grocer at Loclungvar, a neighbouring township, and at half-past 10 o'clock a cart arrived at Greta with a supply of provisions Singularly enough the horse dropped dead whilst crossing the head of Anvil Creek, which is near the mine Another vehicle was provided, and the goods at length reached the mine In future provisions will be purchased in Newcastle, and taken to the mine by the coal trains. There is at the mine an immense quantity of small coal, estimated at 40,000 tons It has been run out in all directions from the pit on raised tramways, and is toppled down. A large number of trucks were in readiness and the men were soon vigorously at work, the trucks being rapidly in led No hostile demonstration had been made so far by the miners, and the police, lounged about and began to think that they were on a pleasure trip pure and simple Meanwhile the miners had been gathering from all directions, and there was soon a great crowd at the Sportsman's Arms which is a quarter of a mile distant from the mine there a meeting was held, which lasted for about half an hour Then the miners, to the number of several hundreds ranged themselves along a fence on one side of the road, hooting and yelling there Between them and the mine there is a small Government reserve, and Anvil Creek separates this reserve from the boundary of the mine Alone, tina born lazy large printed placards are posted, warning trespassers that they will be prosecuted with the utmost rigour of the law When the miners were seen rushing from the meeting, room in an excited state, the police a splendid body of picked men, were ranged in a log fire on the boundary a considerable interval separating each man The shouts were continued for a considerable time, and then as if moved by a common impulse, the miners rushed pell-mell across the reserve gesticulating and yet ung Ihur intention was probably nothing more than to strike terror into the hearts of the wheelmen, and in this they succeeded The blacklegs evidently thought that a serious attack was intended The men ceased work and gazed with considerable apprehension at the on coming crowd, some of them making a movement as if to take shelter behind the trucks I forgot to mention that Sub-inspector Duff, of Maitland, was also on the ground with 15 men, the entire force of police thus numbering 40 Sub-inspector Duff ordered his men into closer order, and spoke reassuringly to the workmen, telling them that they were under the protection of the police, and need fear no injury The miners came to a halt at the creek, and did not cross it It. is dry at that point, and formed no obstacle 'The miners contented themselves with expressing their resentment by renewed yells, and the utterance of all the. derisive and angry epithets which the situation suggested to them. They were separated from the police only by the creek, but were distant about 100 yards from the workmen, who, seeing that no further effort was made to molest them, resumed their work. The miners kept up their hostile demonstrations for fully an hour. Mr. Robertson, who, as manager, is of course well acquainted with them, went over and endeavoured to induce them to desist and go home. They listened to him in a friendly manner, but maintained that they were right in objecting to the removal of the slack. Some of them said that it belonged to them as much as to the company, that they had raised the coal from which it was screened, and had not been paid for the slack. Mr. Robertson gave some of them money from his own pocket on condition that they would leave, and some of them did so, but they soon returned. The unfortunate baker came in for much rough "chaff," and many uncompli- mentary epithets. One man declared that the defunct horse had died in the cause of the miners, having given up the ghost in preference to becoming a " blackleg." Gradually the men grew tired of their vocal performance, and a number of them lounged away ; but about 100 remained until the afternoon on the ground watching the well-guarded workmen with anything but benevolent looks To add to the excitement of the day, the Greta brass band, composed of miners, which is justly famed in the district for its proficiency, played a number of martial airs, including "Let Me Like a Soldier Fall." The band was stationed in front of the Sportsman's Arms, which is in a direct line with the mine, and the manner in which it performed fully justified its reputation, and must have fortified its friends and the spirited the enemy. At a late hour last night it was ascertained by telegram from the lu cheaper that the workers had been allowed to proceed all day without molestation The excitement is increasing, and it is quite possible that the situation will end in a riot The men will not allow thirty or forty thousand tons of coal to come on the market without a serious effort to prevent it, It is probable that Mr. R. Goundry, the chairman of the miners' union, will proceed to Greta to- morrow, and possibly some of the other members of the delegate board will accompany him. Mr. Goutlry's influence will no doubt be exercised in keeping the miners within the law, but there is no doubt that every other possible Scheme will be tried toaccomplishthe objected the unionists. Fifty more labourers will be despatched from Sydney by the early train to morrow, and they will reach Greta in the evening It is probable that an additional force of police will accompany them Should the company succeed in trucking the coal, the) will still have the shipping difficulty to overcome. It is not probable that men will be obtainable to trim it, but as it runs freely some large vessels will be able to load a large quantity without trimmers. The police will be accommodated in the stable, together with the workmen, for a few days, but tents have been ordered! in Sydney and will be delivered shortly. An incident which occurred on Friday last is worth recording, as an illustra- tion of the tactics pursued by the men. The men who invaded the mine and! induced the workmen to leave were aware that they were trespassing, and in order that no one might be fixed upon as the first to cross the line, they formed [ themselves into a line 400 strong, and marched across the boundary, 'The Greta colliery has been opened since 1870, and hue find a varied history. Passing through the hands of several proprietors, the lust owners were Messrs. E Vickery and Sons, of Sydney. About four months ago the mine was floated into a company, the principal shareholders being residents of Melbourne. Since the company has taken the mine in hand more capital has been expended upon it, and the output has been increased from 200 to 700 tons a day. The company IIOIIIB II lease of 700 acres of land, where the principal shute is mine,. It has also acquired a lease of 12,000 acres between the present workings and Branxton, and a further lease of 3,000 acres in Great Greta, an estate of Mr. Wyndham. It will be a great advantage to the company if it can dispose of its large stock of small coal during the present crisis. The first batch has been sold at 10s per ton, and there is no doubt that better prices will be obtained for the remainder. The seam ranged from a fit. to 18in. in thickness, and is said to be of good quality. To day a deputation of about 200 miners from the Glebe and Burwood pits marched to the small West Burwood pit, which I mentioned yesterday, and missed the 10 men at work there to stop at once. Alter a good do in of argument the deputation prevailed, and thus another small pit is closed. The Elingamite', from Melbourne, arrived here at 11 o'clock this morning, and after discharging a quantity of flour, also proceeded to take in coal at the Dyke wharf. It was known, of course, that the trimmers would endeavour to prevent any men from trimming the coal. The coal blue small runs freely, and very little trimming is required, but three, men had been engaged at £1 per day. They were got into the ship, and the regular trimmers, who are on strike, were forbidden to go on board to interfere with them, 'The latter, however, were not to be beaten, and they climbed up in the crane where they could get a view of the men Thence they shouted out their remonstrances, until eventually the three men yielded and gave up the work. The master of the trimmers kept hard at work all day, and about 600 tons was got into the vessel A quantity wnsdinihnrgedonthedeck from the trucks, and this the crew were put on to shovel down below. They went at the work with a will, but declined to go below to trim Mr Crawford, the secretary of the Seamen's Union, endeavoured to dis- suade the men from work, telling them that they Were "blacklegs," and were assisting the capitalists to take the bread out of the mouths of the miners. The men held that they were doing legitimate work, and declined to knock off The Elingamite left at 9 o'clock for Sydney, where she will take a full cargo of coal, which is awaiting her there from the southern mines, to Melbourne She also took to day about 40 tons of coke The Age, steamer, which was coming here to take a load of Greta small coal to Melbourne, has been countermanded 'The news that the Masters' Association had agreed to meet a deputation from the Miners' liotrdiiiconlerenceonthcproposidagreement was received here to day with satisfaction It would be unwise, however, to augur too favourably as to the result of the conference If both sides are prepared to make concessions the dispute can be soon settled, but if not the conference will only serve to accentuate the differences which exist, and embitter the feeling on both sides 'The Miners' Board has been sitting to day It is understood that the draft of the agreement, which will be submitted to the masters, was under consideration, but nothing has transpired in regard to the conclusions arrived at (BY TcE BAF- FROM Our ComiEsïOHDENT.) SURE MULLS, TUESDAY. A truck load of mallee roots was sent from Warracknabeal to Melbourne to-day. Mr. Phillips his confined to supply a hundred tons to the Railway department, ADELAIDE, TUESDAY. The Tug Company at Port Adelaide are begining to feel the effects of the strike. Their stock of coal is almost expended, and they will either have to increase the towing charges or lay their boats up, thereby throw- ing a number of men out of employment. A further supply of mallee roots goes by the Gambier to day for Melbourne. 