JAKE AND JED : A BUSHMAN'S YARN ii{Looh here" said Jake, showing nie a lump of quartz, "there must be at least four or five ounces to the tori in this.*9 ' . ' . "... \ JAKE AND JED: A BUSHMAN'S YARN. \- ! BY ARTHUR RUSHTON. WELL, you see,- Jake was a rum customer we called him ' Jake because we didn't know his real name-and many a time he puzzled me a lot. I never could understand him rightly. May be it was my own fault, and may be it wasn't. Sometimes he would be drinking, singing, and swearing with the wildest of us ; a regular dare- devil, whom nobody cared to offend, for he was a tough 'un to fight, was Jake. Why, I have seen him tackle a fellow nearly double his size, and smash in his breadbasket before you knew what he was doing. But Jake was no bully. It took a lot to make him fight ; but when once he had clenched his fists there was plenty of hard work for some- body. Sometimes he Would wander, all alone, in the bush ; and whën he came back his face would be white and careworn, as if he had seen a ghost. Once his eyes were red and wet," as if he had been having a good cry ; but when I asked him what was the matter, he glared at me like a wild animal, and told me, with a thundering oath, to mind my own business. The next moment he was patting me on the back and. telling me to take no notice of what he had said. 41 am such a confounded fool at times,' he remarked ; ' and don't know what I'm doing.' But I wasn't in the least offended with him, for I had got used to him and his queer ways.- Besides, he was a really goodhearted fellow at bottom-a jolly sight better than some who are always brag- ging about their good nature, when all the time they are among the meanest and blarmedest cusses that ever crawled above ground. Why, when I was down with the fever on the plains, about the time when Old Kerry lost all his sheep through the drought, Jake wouldn't leave me for a single minute, except to get some water in the billy ; and he had to walk nearly five miles to get it, and it was half mud after all. "Tis no use, mate,' I said to him; 'you had better leave me to die in my blanket. If you stay, it will be two of us instead of one.' But he wouldn't listen to me. 'I am not going to leave you, old hoy,' says he, 'while there's a chance of your pulling through.' And he didn't. Somehow or tither, I can't exactly explain it, but I began to -get better from that very minute, and more than once I had a good long sleep, which did me a world of good. When I woke up on one of these occasions, Jake was lying fast asleep on the ground, in the opposite corner of the shanty. He looked almost as thin and ill as I did myself, but there was a strange smile on his face that made me feel rather queerish. He seemed quite another man to what I knew him to be. But it was soon gone, and then he looked so sad and weary that I felt as if I was-going to have a good cry. How- ever, I managed to restrain myself, and triéd to get ^' to sleep again. But it was of no use. Do what I would, I couldn't help keeping awake. At last he jumped up with;a" start. ' Helloa, Sam,' sáys he ; ' you're looking better already. Take, care of yourself, and "we'll soon be on the track again, - looking out for Miss Fortune.' Then he laughed ' so pléasantly,; and pressed my hand so tenderly that I could hardly believe it was the same Jake, who, only a feW Weeks before, had given hot chase to ;Dick Nobbs, the cattle Btealer, and brought him back, red-handed as it were, to the statiori:whërë he had 'been a terror foi years. 'Now, Dick,' says-he ; 'we don't lynch fellows here aB they do in the States, but if I ever catch you thieving again,-I'll "put a bullet-hole through that head of yours.. On the other hand, if you'll stay here and be an honest man, I'll stand by you, and help you through.' You should have Been -Dick'sface as Jake spoke. It was quite a picture. He grew red and white by turns, and seemed as if - he' were going to'say some- thing nasty. But he didn't ; and no'wonder, foi Jake was looking at him for all the world just like a lion-tamer in a den'of wild animals. -Dick tried to swagger a; bit, but bless you, it was no go ; and then he begán to shuffle about uneasily, as if he didn't know exactly what to say or do. ' Now, Dick ; have :"you made up your mind í Will you remain a thief, or become an honest man ?' Dick had made up his mind, and before Jake and I had left the station, he told us that he meant tc stick by his promise, and that if ever he could be oi service to either of us, we would always find hin ready. But where1 was I? Oh! I remember; Jake wai telling me I: should soon be better. And he wai right ; but I never knew until long afterwards hon he had nearly taken my place in the blanket, hon he had again and again suffered the terrible agoniei of thirst rather than deprive me of a single drop oi the precious - water ; and how he had often gone without anything'to: eat in order that he mighi make the little flour in our bag last as long af possible. Ii ever there was a true hero in this world, it wai Jake. I'll swear to that. But I never told you how Ave got to know ead other. Well, it was in this way. I was one of thc crowd of fools at the Iron Creek rush. We hac heard that gold had been found there, and thal there was plenty of color all thé^ay for miles ut the creek. So, with a lot of others, we managed t( get away from Sydney down to the Murray, anc then right into the heart of the Bluestone ranges But not an ounce oí the precious metal did we find There was an awful lot of swearing over our bac luck, and we hardly knew what to do, for we hadn'' a dozen shillings among the lot of us. We were al very discontented, and if theie had been »ny drink about, there would have been murder. But there was one man who seemed to keep cool while every- body else was excited. It was Jake, as we all called him. I could not find out who he was, but one of my chums said he had seen him playing Hamlet at the Theatre Royal, in Melbourne. He didn't, however, look much like a play-actor, for he had a big beard which covered half his face. By-and-bye he came to me. ' Got a light, mate ?' said he. I replied by handing him the box containing .my last match. ' Thanks ; but I couldn't rob you. You'll want that match before long.' I looked at him in astonishment. It was some- thing new to find such an unselfish fellow on a goldfield. Soon we got yarning, and then I told him I had heard he had been a play-actor in Mel- bourne. He laughed, and said that Shakespeare and he were did friends, and then we began talking about Othello, Macbeth, and other plays I had seen per- formed in Sydney and elsewhere. At last he began reciting ' All the world's a stage,' and when he had finished there was quite a crowd around us. It was a relief to have their attention diverted, if only for a few minutes, from the despairing thoughts by which they were being consumed. Jake noticed this, and offered, if one of the miners would dig a hole and act as grave-digger, to recite the grave- yard scene from Hamlet. He proposed this with a view to keeping the crowd in good temper. And in this he Avas successful. A bit of level ground was marked out, a hole dug, and, as it was getting dark, a couple of fires were lighted to answer the purpose of footlights, the spectators lying or sitting on the rocky boulders scattered in all direc- tions. While some of us were busy with these preliminaries, Jake was quietly instructing Old Grisly, a grey-headed, weather-beaten miner, who had heroically undertaken to enact the part of the gravedigger, what to say. I was to be Horatio. It was a strange scene, and one which Shakespeare himself could hardly have imagined, and we all entered heartily into the humour of it. ' Are you all ready ?'asked Jake. ' Aye, aye,' was the loud reply. ' Well, Grisly, you had better begiu.' The old miner, armed with pick and shovel, and having his old blackened cutty between his lips, shambled somewhat nervously towards the pit in which he was to perform his allotted role, while Jake and T, as Hamlet and Horatio, strolled leisurely towards him. \ ' Ready ? ' asked Jake, in a low tone. ' All right, replied Grisly ; ' here goes " In youth, when I did love, did love Methought it was--" ' 'Very sweet,' prompted Jake, noticing- Grisly's hesitation. But the man made no reply; he was looking intently at the sides of the pit. So Jake finished the verse for him, and then he went on until it was Old Grisly's turn again ' " But age with his stealing steps, Hath clawed me in his clutch, And hath-'" Here he stopped, and picked up what appeared to be a small stone. ' Go on,' whispered Jake. ' Go on, old man,' shouted the crowd. ;But Grisly gave no heed to the cries by which his ears were assailed. He stared wildly at the stone, then sprang out of the pit and had another good look at it. -This-time he appeared convinced. 'Gow), by--,' he shouted, holding up the nugget. Instantly there was a tremendous excitement. Picks - and spades were at work ? in every direction, claims. pegged out, and everybody as jubilant and hopeful as they had previously been despondent and miserable. But it was not a big field, and so, after a few weeks, it became partially deserted. Jake and I were the first to leave. We had made a few ounces, and thought it best to be off while we had the means. That was how we came together. But, ' as I said before, I never knew his real name. Once I asked him what it was. 'Never you mind,' he said; 'it is one which I wish forgotten.' I never . troubled him again ; but sometimes, when he thought he was unobserved, he would take from his leathern pouch an old stained letter, which he kissed affectionately, while the tears rolled down his cheeks. There was evidently a romance in the life of my companion ; but it was not for me to seek to discover the secret. Well, when I had got a little stronger, we began to talk about making our way to Flat Rock Gully, where it was said both gold and silver were to be found in abundance. It was about two hundred miles distance from where we had been staying, and wre both wondered how on earth we were to get there. Fortunately, our perplexity was terminated by the appearance of a team bound for a township about thirty miles from our intended destination. An arrangement was soon effected with the teamster, and at daybreak on the following morning we had commenced our journey. In due course we arrived at Flat Rock Gully, where we found a goodly-eized encampment of miners who did not seem to relish our appearance. After a bit, however, they became more cordial and communicative ; and then we learnt that although most of them were doing fairly well they were extremely out of sorts about something. * You see,' said one of them, speaking to Jake and myself, ' if it were not for Black Boomerang we would soon be making our fortunes.' ' Black Boomerang !' exclaimed Jake and I, in the same breath. ' Yes. Haven't you ever heard of him ?' We each frankly admitted our ignorance. Our companion then informed us that in the mountain ranges which rose beyond the gully, rich patches of gold had been found at various times, indicating the existence of an abundance of the precious metal; but that all attempts to reach the place had been frustrated by Black Boomerang and his com- panions. ' But who is this Black Boomerang ?' asked Jake. ' Well, nobody knows exactly, but Jed Skeggs, him sitting yonder, has seen him two or three times. Jed says he is a gigantic blackfellow, armed with a monster boomerang, and accompanied by a lot of natives as big and . as fierce as himself. But Jed can tell you all about it. Shall I ask him to come over here.' Jake and I said we should be delighted. Our companion crossed over to where Jed was lying on the ground, and soon the two men were seen.ap- proaching us. Directly Jake saw the features of Jed he gave a start, and pulled the limp brim of his hat over his eyes. He was not a very pleasant-looking individual, was Jed Skeggs ; but then I-had learnt to mistrust appearances. He had a thin, sallow face, with thick black beard, and a fine set of teeth, which he was fond of showing every time he laughed. ' Have I seen Black Boomerang ? Lots of times. But I never let him get near me ; if I had I should not be here talking to you. Why, he has sworn to kill and eat every white man who falls into his power.' Jed then proceeded to describe the can- nibal propensities of Black Boomerang and his followers, adding that any attempt at exploring the auriferous country meant certain death to those making it. All this time Jake was strangely silent ; but when Skeggs had finished, he said, in a rough voice, which I had never heard him use before : ' I think I shall go and meet this Black Boomerang, as you call him.' Skeggs almost bounded from the log on whieh he had been sitting. ' What the dev-, I mean, why should you thus rush to certain death ?' ' Because I do not know that I have anything to live tor,' was Jake's reply. Jed Skeggs looked somewhat closely at Jake, as if he could recognise something in the tones of his voice, but Jake never changed a muscle of his countenance. Atlast Skeggs said : ' Well, mate, it shan t be said that the miners of Flat Rock Gully allowed you to go by yourself on such a dangerous errand. "When you are ready, I'll go with you.' 'Just as you like,' replied Jake, affecting not to see the proffered hand of the other. Well, next day all the miners of Flat Rock Gully turned out to see the man who was. going to defy Black i Boomerang. I wanted to accompany Jake, but he toldme that I was to remain behind ; 'and,' he added; 'watch everybody without appearing to do so. I shall come back all right.' He agreed, however, that I should accompany him and Jed Skeggs as far as the pass beyond which lay the new 'land of gold. ¿All three of ' us trotted off on horseback together, but very little was said by either of us. Ï noticed, however, that Jake had completely altered his appearance by roughening his beard and combing a portion of his hair over his eyes. >As we approached-the.entrance to the pass, Jed Skeggs-said'he would gallop on ahead, and see if the eoast-was clear. He did so, and the moment he was out-of sight, we heard the loud cry of a bird in the direction in which he had vanished. ' I must be off,' said Jake;' ' it will never do to let that fellow get out of my sight. Good-bye, mate, i shall be back soon.' As he spoke the loud cry of a bird again rose in the air. Jake paused a moment, then reined in his horse, and proceeded somewhat cautiously, as if expecting an attack. Something, I cannot say what, induced me to retrace my way very slowly, aud more than once I turned round in my saddle, and sung out, ' Good-bye, mate ;' to which Jake replied with an impatient wave of his hand. That night was a sleepless one for me. I tumbled and tossed in my blanket, and cursed myself for a darned fool ia allowing Jake to go off all by him- self. Towards daylight I was awakened by a great commotion in the camp. Fearing the worst, I jumped out of my blanket and rushed out of the tent. There, right in front of me, lay the form of poor Jake; while close by stood Jed Skeggs, his evil features vainly endeavouring to assume an expres- sion of sympathetic concern. I could have rushed at the rascal, for such I instinctively felt him * to be, but something warned me to be on my guard. Besides, there were two or three unfriendly faces scowling pu nie from among the crowd. ' This is Black Boomerang's work?' I asked of Skeggs. 'Yes; it is just what I expected. But I didn't see it. .he was stiuck by some falling lock while waiting for me.' ' While waiting for you ? ' ' Yes. I went forward, being better acquainted with the place, to see if anyone was in sight.' I made no reply, but felt that the hypocritical scoundrel was lying. Hi« furtive glances at me while he was speaking told me his real character. The body of Jake was brought into the tent. He was still insensible, but his breathing was steady and regular. This was a good sign ; so I told the men to leave him to me, and I would see after him. They speedily dispersed, and as the last of them retired, I closed the opening to the tent, in order that I might ascertain what injuries poor Jake had" received. Imagine my profound astonishment when, on turning round, I saw Jake standing up as if nothing was the matter. I was about to speak, but he hastily placed his hand on my mouth. 'Not a word,' he whispered; I've discovered the whole plot.' Then he lay down as before. Nothing further happened during the day, but just before dusk Jed Skeggs looked in. He said nothing, but glanced at the apparently inanimate form of Jake, and then left. No sooner had he gone, than Jake started up. 'Now, mate, I want your assistance. 'Tis a dangerous game, -but I can rely on you.' ' Certainly ; but what are you up to.' ' I mean to capture Black Boomerang this very night. But be careful ; nobody must know that we are going to leave the camp.' : It was quite dark now. As we stood in the open- ing of the tent, we could see withou*- being seen. Suddenly a light was visible on the Toad leading to the mountains. ' They are on the move already, whispered Jake, ' and we must follow them.' We crept unobserved out of the camp, and cau- tiously followed the light. It was held by one of two men, who evidently had no idea that anyone was on their track. They were walking against a stiffish breeze, which effectually .prevented our foot- steps being heard as we kept up with them for a couple of miles, when suddenly the light vanished. ' We have them now,' whispered Jake, as he rushed forward and hastily closed, a thick wooden door, which covered an opening in the rock. Before the two men thus unexpectedly imprisoned could do anything he had slipped a large woojden bar, which was in readiness, across the door so that it could not be opened from within. ' Now, my boy,' he exclaimed, ' now for the grand discovery.' ne ran a tew steps larmer, and opened a door similar to the first. It was the entrance to an ex- cavated passage in the solid mountain, and I had only to peep at the walls to perceive that we were in a fabulously rich mine. ' Look here,' said Jake, showing; me a lump of quartz,' 'there must be at least four or five ounces to the ton in this ; but we must go and look after our prisoners.' We returned to the place where we had fastened in the two men. Jakie rapped at the door, and was answered by a volley of curses. ' Swear away, Jed Skeggs, otherwise Jabez Mutchkin, formerly head cashier in the establish- ment of Messrs. Threadneedle and Co., London. I will keep guard here, while my mate fetches the miners from the camp.' . And he did. You may guess there was a rare scene-when it was explained to: the miners of Flat Rock Guhy that . Black : Boomerang was no other than Jed . Skeggs, who, with the aid of a few con- federates, had adopted this means of preserving the secret of the mine. Jake had learned everything while slmmxning, insensibility. While waiting for Skeggs he heard a slight noise overhead, and moved swiftly back. The next moment, a large piece of rock fell at his feet. Instinctively divining it was the handiwork of Jed, an idea flashed through the mind of Jake, who,lay. down as if he were dead. A few minutes later, Jed . and a confederate, who had been eonc.ealed.near the place, made their appear- ance, and believing Jake to be in a state of stupor, carried him into the place in which they were after- wards imprisoned by him, and then went in the direction of the mine, little dreaming that they were being watched by their supposed unconscious victim. When some half-dozen sturdyminers had roughly dragged Jed Skeggs, otherwise Jabez Mutchkin, from his prison, hts first glance fell on the stern countenance of Jake, no longer disguised. His face became livid, and« with a loud yell he fell to the ground-dead ! Then it all came out how Jake-or rather Harry Northam-had been a clerk in the same office as Jabez Mutchkin, and had been accused by Jabez of forgery. There were no proofs,; however, but Harry, unable , to bear the disgrace, bade his parents and his sweetheart, Nellie, Munroe, fare- well by letter, and. came out to Australia to try and forget his great trouble. But his character was to be cleared at last, for in the swag belonging to Jabez was. found a pocket book containing a con- fession written by him in a fit of remorse, and the existence of which he had apparently forgotten. There is not much more to say. Search was made for the confederates of Jabez ; but the sus- pected men, deeming dibcretion the better part of valor, had disappeared. As for Jake-I must stick to the old name-he didn't go back to England, but he; sent for his 'old mother and father, and his sweetheart Nellie, and, my eyes, didn't the miners of Flat Rock Gully cheer the newly- married couple when they came to see the scene of Jake's great adventure. But I didn't tell you that I was best man at the wedding ; but I was, and darned proud I felt all the time, although weddings are a little out of my line. JAKE AND JED : A BUSHMAN'S YARN. ~. 11 turned in my saddle^ and sang oiit " Good bye, mate" to which Jake replied with an impatient wave of his hand,'' 