AMUSING. Reporter.—"I have been assigned to interview a number of the noted men on the subject of books which have most influenced them." Great author—" I understand." "ily quoslion is thi3. What book baa been to you the greatest stimulus to activity ? " "An empty pockotbook." Good "old Dr. C , on leaving a patient one evening, gavo Ilia opinion of her case in the following words, spokon in tho slow, stately manner for which he was noted: "Madam, in b'uo morning you will be bet'er, or you will bo worse, or you will remain as you are-" He (with deep passion)—Oil, Geraldioe, my darling, I lovo you so. I lovo you so. Be mine, dearest, be mine. She (with sup pressed emotion)—Ob, Harold, you are so sudden ; I must have timo to— Ho (unguardedly)—Don't mention it, darling. Timo i3 nothing; mouey's tho thing, and you ve got plenty. Cheekstone (who is of n deoidedly humorous turn); " I say, old man, that was a stuck-up set of prigs at Old Brown's last night 1 By Jove, though, I did mauago to score off them a bit, eh ?" Host (his fervout admirer) : " I believe you, my boy ! They ail said what n beastly little' cad you woro, when you'd gone. And if you'd have stopped live minutes later, you'd liavo'had a regular triumph—for Old Brown was going to kick you downstairs"!" Tho young man had been trying to toll her how madly ho loved her for ovor an hour, but couldn't pluck up the oourage, "Excuse me a moment, Mr Featherly," she said, "I think I hear a ring at tho telephone." And, in her queenly way, Bwept into an adjoin ing room. Presently Bhe returned, and then his mad passion found a voice, " I am sorry, Mr Featherly," ahe said, "to cansoyon pain, but I am already CDgaged. Mr Samp* son, learning that yon were here, has nrged his suit through the telephone." (Scene : A Suffolk village sohool. Govern* ment iuspcctor examining n class on the Bukject of the Witch'of Eudor and Samuel's ghost.) Government Inspeotor: "Wall, boys, what did the Witch of Endor thiok she saw?" (Pa«ree.) First Boy: " Plnze, sir, that wur an apparition," Government Iuspector; " Quite right; bat what is an apparition?" (Longer pause.) Second Boy: "Piaze, enr, that be a spactur?" Govern ment Inspector : "Yes, yes, qnite,-rightagain, so far ; but what's a spectre ?" (Prolonged pause.) Bright Boy (in a wild falsetto): "Plaze, Bur, that be a gentleman as goo • about oxamioin' scutes I don't know what is coming to " children in society it seems as if the race of child like child is becoming as extiuct as_ the dodo 1 At a juvenile party the other night, a boy of nine waB asked why he was not dancing ? His reply was, " Aw—I am not a dancing man." Another small boy said, "X am not going to dance with those kids ;' hut thought that if the hostess (aged about forty) wonld take a torn with him he might bo peranaded to join the dancers, A yonth of eight years was asked whom be had taken in to supper. " I had Dorothy [aged fonrj ou my arm," ho said, "and was just enter ing the room, when her mother interfered. I cannot imagine what her motive io separa ting ns could have been." A yonng Peorian has been very attentive to two Peoria girls during tho last year. He loved them both, and it was an open question which he would marry. Bat he has finally made up his mind, and the MunBon street girl is selected. Meetiog her old rival, the other day, she conld not resist the , temptation of crowing over her a little. " J a no, dear," she remarked, in tones as sweet ns sugar, " I believe you were a little sweet on Charlie once, weren't you ?" " STm, love,"answered the Hurlbut-street girl, m tones equally soft; "ho was so useful, you know, in keeping one's hand in." "I deem it my duty now," Bnid Munson-street, putting the least dash of vinegar in her voice,' " to inform you that Charlie and I are to be married next month." "I expeoted some thing of the kiud, love," apoko up Hurlbut street. " And why so, may I ask? " -"Ob, you know, lovy, that dear Charlie is a little weak, and besides this is leap year." The two girls no longer speak. / Here iB a literary curiosity:' A friend of mine (wrtea Dagonet in the Hcferee)' in Belgium some time ago wrote to the secre- ^ tary of one of.tho Eoglish Jnbileo exhibitions which were held last year, asking for a ■ prospectus. He concluded Mb letter :u the foreign fashion ; '' A.griez, Hfonsieur, Vassurance de ma haute consideration," The secretary forwarded tho prospectus. • It lies ; before mo as I write,. and I oopy the ad dress :— . " Monsieur I'Assurance, . , da me haute considdration, '' ■ 116 Such and Such Street, | Brussels Printedand published by FredebicK MontaoD Douglass, at the Advertiser Office, Moora * bool-street, Geelong, for ALfBHJ BotJOMBS ' AND COMFANT, proprietors. 