OUR CHURCHES. ROMAN CATHOLIC. On Sunday last at All Saints' Church, West Kempsey, the Bight liev. Dr. Doyle, Bishop of the Diocese of Grafton, administered the sacred' rites of confirmation to a large num- ber of boys ana girls, also to two or three adults. The church 'was crowded in every part, many having to stand. Miss Ganean presided at the organ. Previous to the commencement of the serviee, the Bishop briefly examined each candidate foi con firmation on the cardinal points of the christian doctrine, and at the close, corapli- mented the ' Rev. Father Buggy and the Sisters of St. Joseph on the proficiency of the children, and the correctness of the answers given. . At 12 o'clock High Mass was celebrated, the celebrant being tbe Rev. Father Buggy, the choir giving with very good effect, . Butler's Kyrie Eleison, the Gloria, and Credo in Unura Deum : Battman's Sanctus was. especially well rendered, also the Agnus Dei and Veni Creator. In Zingeralla's Laudate the Choir was heard at its best, Mr. Thomas Ennis taking the tenor, and supported by the fall strength of the Choir. The March in D, organ, comprised the musical portion of the service. On the con clusion of Mass, Mr. F. Clarke stepped into the sanctuary and presented Dr. Doyle with an address and purse of sovereigns. The address was as follows : — To the Right Rev. Dr. Doyle, Bishop of \- Grafton, by the Catholic people of Kempsey and the Upper Macleay. May it please your Lordship. — On behalf of the Catholics of this parish, we offer you our sincere congratulations and warmest welcome on your first formal visit to this portion of your Lordship's See. Aware of the grave responsibilities attached to your exalted station, and of the many difficulties inseparable from the successful administration of a new diocese, . wepraytliat the Spirit of Wisdom may enlight en and direct you in all things. We promise your Lordship our hearty support in carry ing on those good works which arc essential to the healthy growth of the faith so dear to us. As a small token of the earnestness of our 'promises, we ask your Lordship to accept this little purse of gold, the gift of your people in this parish. We now beg your Lordship's Episcopal blessing, while we pray that Almighty God may make your reign, as Bishop of Grafton, a long, prosperous, and happy one. The signatures here followed. The' Bishop in replying said that it was quite unneccessary for him to say that he was thankful for both the address and the gift that accompanied it. He had not ex pected anything of the kind, for he was aware they had difficulties to contend against, and were not.yet thoroughly organised; but he trusted that in a very short time these would be remedied. It was eleven months ago since the'occasion of his former visit, and he could not help contrasting the past with the present. He was extremely pleased with the progress that they had made since that time. This progress might not be apparent to those who had come there Sunday after Sunday, but to him it was. lie found all the premises thoroughly improved, and the whole sur roundings of the church in a much better condition. The credit was due to the good pastor in the first place, and to the Sisters of St. Joseph, and to the people for their help ; and in the future when things would be still better, he hoped they would have reason to be very proud of the progress made. He again thanked them for the address and purse of gold. He would now speak to them on matters of great importance to the church. When there before, he had promised to visit them ut an .early date, but from various reasons he had been unable to do so, The small number of priests at present in the diocese of Grafton made it impossible for him to leave, the district in which he had hitherto been on daty. -But ho had sent to them the mission ary Fathers of the St. Vincent de Paul Society, whose mission had been a successful one and had done more for tliem than perhaps he could have. But he hoped he would be enabled to visit them more fre quently in the future than he had in the past. The last time he was there they had no resident priest or head of affairs, but now that'Tliere was one, he would wish them to appoint a committee to assist him in carrying on the work of the district. His Lordship then read out the names of those, who he requested to meet him in the schoolroom in the afternoon. There was another, matter to ; which he would refer. On looking tlirongh the church accounts, he regretted to sec that the people were, not at all so generous in supporting their priest, as they should be. The subscriptions given by many people in the parish were not half what they ought to be indeed some of the people ought to be-nshamed" of the small amounts after their names. He trusted that he would not have occasion to draw attention to that subject when he next came to see them. He had paid a visit to the burial ground, and was grieved to see that it was not in a better condition. They must put that into a decent state. ' They believed that they were not ' seperated from their friends even in death ; they should therefore take an interest in the care of the ground where the mortal remains-of their departed friends were laid. At a general council held in Sydney some two years ago, there were several enactments passed, one of these was, that all funerals should take place in the forenoon ; that the remains' should be brought to the church, and Mass said, after which the funeral to proceed to -the burial ground. Before any monuments were erected, the inscription must'be submitted to the priest before it was -put on, as many were inclined to have all sorts of l'agan signs engraved. The Plenary Council of Sydney requested that all priests and bishops should see that marriages take place.in the morning, and not be celebrated till after the parties to the; marriage had received Holy Communion and the special blessing imparted to them, and that due notice be given to the priest. That was the general rule, and it was of the greatest im portance that these rules be observed ; for the observance of these rules was compliance, with the spirit of the church. Addressing the children who were prepared for confirmation, his Lordship said. — "My dear children, the sacrament you are about to receive is that which makes you perfect Christians. In baptism we are made christians and children of God, and in confirmation we are perfected and receive the fulness of the Holy Ghost; the seven gifts of the Holy Spirit- of God. You will receive that same Holy Ghost, the same Holy spirit of God that rested on the diciples on the day of Pentecost. They were illiterate men, weak and timid, and feared the Jews. But when the Holy Ghost cume down, they wore strengthened and fortified, and feared not anything, f-t. I'cter went out into the city and preached to the Jews the name, of Christ, and converted thousands: "One of the effects of confirma tion is to make us strong in the service of the Lord; to make us confess our faith. That same Holy Ghost you are to reoeivc to day, will remain forever with you, until you stain your soul with sin ; for sin which is the greatest evil in the world, can drive the Spirit of God out of your soul. The Holy Spirit will remain with you, the spirit of wisdom not that of the world, but that which Will enable you to find out what is good for you, will advance your spiritual interests, and make you understand what is right, keeping you away from bad company and bad com panions. Some of these aro the gifts you are to receive by the sacrament of confirma tion; pray God that you may receive it worthily." 