Beoompease. Straight through my heart ! bis fact to«day By Tmth'a own hand is driv n — Gr >d never takes one thing away Bat something else is given. X did not know in earlier years This law of love and kiodness ; t But without hop", through bitter tears, I mourned in sorrow's blininess, And, ever following each regret Fur some deoarted treasure, My sad, repining heart was m! With unexpected pleasure. I thought it only happened so ; But time thie truth has caught ma — No least thing from my. life can go, But something else is brought me. It is the law, oomplete, sublime, And now. with faith unshaken, In oatieace I but bide my time, When any joy ia taken. No matter if the crashing blew May for the moment dawn roe ; S»U back of it waits Love, I know, WiPh a/tmA nam mlf kn asnan ma ww ««u gvusv a ww g% iv vivnu utt — B.W.W. An opera singer lived in Ifondoa twenty year ago. having married a private soldier, whe discharge she purchased. They went to GMoago. The girl ckme into a fortune of £16 000 Her husband fell ia love with her f ntsof, and the wife has fust sued for a divorce 1 a d has obtained it. The husband gets the | &i;»09 and the forhxne, which the opera singer ! had foolishly settled upon him. The wife | n w says : I am heartbroken and peuniless, I and rue the day when that man's fine form ! an/1 LoMifsnvwA. Immaj) M MM WUV UWVUOWWXi AU1WU Uig UUUi Uljr fasujino and my country. A Chinaman dislikes to s&y; that his freul Is dead, bu will tell yon that " Hie ioiae h s bsen added to the mneer roll of ghosts " or iht " h has become one of the ancieats," " he has returned to the ehades," "he ha tskf'ti farewell of tbe world, 41 he has gone a long journey" — expressions very frequently used when speaking of the dead. The ma . er is noi; e'wsys treated with reverenoe, hawsvi r, for they will sometimes say : " He hs twi iowvd his breatV ox slipped his sklo.1' "The mountain has collapsed ' rsffl' s to a ded emperor, and " the dreim is over" meaoB that a prince Is dead. Three gentlemen namrd Sealy, c e of whom is a Protestant olergymtn and other a mediosl man, were on Frldav . charged at Balltusspittl eouety Cork, with attaokiue the house of oue of their tenants named Drisooli, and fprolbly breaking In the door with a hatchet and c owbar ; and also with esanltmg Mrs. Drieeolt and her children The defendants were committed for trial. Mr. John Graves, farmer, of Skirkoek, Lmcoloshire, finds his, second egperipietis ia tobaooa cultura l a failure, in eon- sequence of the excessive rainfall and low temperature tbat have prevailed since the plants were sst io June last. 