OLD COUNTRY NOTES. (iToir oven mix e-OBM-aroyDic-T.) London, June 4. Since I last wrote Mr. Pritchard Morgan has been a good deal in evidence, and it is not, quite certain at the present moment that he is not master of the situation. His troubles began, it may be remembered. with the dishonesty of his loyal Welshmen,- although it seemed probable from what, transpired that one of his superior hands had I taken away gold, and secreted it in ft chimney under the impression that there were troubles ahead with the Government, and that the title to the precious metal was not quite settled. The letter published by Mr. Morgan in the Times, describing the difficulties under which gold mining in Wales was carried on, would sufficiently indicate the grievances which he felt, and the determination which possessed him to treat them one by one, and if possible overcome them. Instead, therefore, of bearing of bars of gold that were to be taken to Windsor Castle, we were informed that Mr. Morgan had had an interview with the Chancellor of the Ex liquor, having previously publicly (given his men notice that in consequence of the notion of the Government he would have to shut up the mines and throw them out of' employment. This, of course, called attention to the matter, and although there are some Radical members of Parliament who strongly deny that any private individual has right. to the precious minerals to be found under the English soil, there are others who sea in this case an opportunity for denouncing the oppressive behaviour of the Government. Mr. Morgan, it appears, christened some. kind of' promise from Mr. Goschen. and su returned 10 Dolgelly in triumph. The horses were taken out of the carriage, and hundreds of eliciting admirers dragged him and Miss Mortrun through the str;:c-r\s. Questions were asked in Parliament; paragraphs appeared speaking of the floating of a Mount Morgan Company, of the discovery of gold in various other parts of North Wales, and of a genuine gold fever breaking out in that secluded portion of the Principality. I Mr. Morgan's trump card, however, was played on Tuesday night last, when a public meeting was held at the Town Hall of Dolgelly with the distinct object of obtain ing an abatement of mining royalties from the Government A local landed proprietor was in the chair, and although the profit Sir Watkin Williams Wynn, Mr. Kilt«, M.P., and others -were not, present, there were plenty of the land-owning representatives upon the platform. Mr. and Mrs. Morgan upon entering the hall were vociferously applauded, and every thing went swimmingly. It was proposed and seconded that, having regard to the increased employment of labour and the stimulus of rea to the trade by the opening of gold mines in Merioneth by private enterprise, it was most desirable that every encouragement be given for the development, of that important industry. Mr. Morgan supported this resolution in one of his rattling speeches, which I am told was an impassioned piece of' oratory that untried the entire meeting with him. "With regard to the Crown demanding a royalty of one-thirtieth, Mr. Morgan went into a calculation and showed that this royalty would not only absorb the profits of the ppeou later, but also makes inroads' upon his working capital and embarrass and crush the industry. All the resolutions submitted We're passed a deputation is to wait upon the Chancellor of the Exchequer and the Commissioners of Woods and Forests to get a modification of terms ; the Welsh members of Parliament are desired to co- operate ; and to, the meeting having closed with jubilation, the town was decorated and hands promenaded the streets. After the short controversy which followed the debate in the House upon Tm rip rial fortifications the Press dropped the subject, it being apparently too big to.' be continued without further knowledge. The recess meanwhile coming on, there have been one or two more units held in London to bolster up the alarm which the Charity 'J'rU.jrap!* raised as (to our national defences, or rather the absence of them. At first it seemed as if the Lord Mayor had got into very hot water for taking the stand he did and boldly announcing that he would no party to the discreditable panic which was being worked for interested motives, but on the whole he has gained in public esteem. The largest meeting was one held on Monday last in the London Chamber of Commerce to main) the Kamo representations as to the Navy which had been previously made as to the Army. The subject was Our Mercantile 3fariuol>'l'e'tie»s," and the principals tanker was Admiralliornty I unfortunate, howe take same to 115, happened with this as with the military business At that meeting there were generals colonels, and people connected with the Army a this there were visitors, great shipping companies, and persons generally interested directly the question But the discussion took a wide turn, and it was urged by L 'd C inuirvon, Lord Brassey, and others that we want a number of light < raisers and a different system altogether to defend our mercantile commerce The papers, however have been seen heading rather the question of the < Chinese agony, 1 n upon of fair Henry Parkes's action with regard to the Chinese 1 ill authorities so far as I have seen, that are ] worth anything sympathise with the Australians and the difficulties in which they are placed and there have been many letters I publ "bel speaking in the bill. rest term of the evils of the Chinese occupation Hyxtew The most r readable aaUioritw, j how ever, hav expressed grave doubts whether I Sir Henry Parkes has not been unwarrantably j present late in taking the no race he has come Amongst other letters which have appeared in the papers I may c-qieriuliy mention one dut d from Uo Carlton Club, and signed "Apart Governor of Queensland " When the water is I I don't know, but the general or more is that it is ex Governor CuiraJ As you might tap Pole from a remembrance of thus gentleman, he has a word to say on the flared side of the benefits a The charge of immorality against the Chinese as, he gave quite an after thought not believed in as a charge by the! use area it, but intended for poor boy who would be indifferent to the daily maw race in Australia He then goes on to pay - the late Mr Arthur Keane If, after a lone early to rise for the- I'Ltln-k« a. U jii!ri.j¡v, was sent to WueilfjHBJ us j wigwam of that sole e> , end the first part-? U' what was to introduce., city soon. .jftxcfii"^r with the B itl/ue* biscuits, a temper to stall of Ci less neale moments, she had el ruled himself out lj.uiilrle>r}eaip. Jt i*inuu*ticiui that, in under to kill p tic rat of wages up to Of. a story of ancient treated portions of Australia should b as I »<Tab.<itthis elect nine lateness rece"! rise to 44 1 v ear. I think, more monstrous still that we, view forced the C't>iu_e> and shipping") land Herr. Steinitz then to cijjenth/-u country to um people and trade, should not be. one list in 1919 in with unmanly, unchristian, and boatshed action flue 01" ]. II from an interesting patriot view. The latter appeared in the Times of Tuesday last, but on the following day a letter appeared from Mr. Henniker Heaton, M.P., headed " The United States of Australia." I think I may venture to quote it in full : IhjClines..- iiLÜc-ulir n uiefurteinatelv assuming a j ney j In, a-j 2 tea men on long.: tow wait, lyKtuaa j This wLulr nuvaUuZi of the refusal on the welcome to Ua, '"..-(ift-conDrrri» ever been discussed!. kept out of liberty to make as? of the Vcgr&trtiio; information but from Australia but the foilmin.-historical the sun' will indicate the serious position of affairs D past).- past year was the connel in L begun Four little and the timber has been sons and it i nil and -3 12 tícco'iiiiiiilO'Ks was well settled proportional "New 'mates I it), is in tliroasUtunu I to Lord Jersey is a mad Al saiiliiianirrvbyouine ftlutioii.«ti til is no" longer hear the manager areas of South late cow Gift run i I j came? to s. we via li i in d three. i\it!i}*iii all mundane i li to him at a ft; New IT 1 all's in malice r n of other a valuable cabinet of 1 hon' ours n r Vi >. rat a son to-day, u s office.. in, "ft I in action Ifnnaiw Aiitlrilat lonmVi time with ( 1 nat of crime I time to those inn 34 UtT en 01 n and Ib Lot and sultry el "1101110:1 ia dec 11 stop at it six or 61 lead to Amid li 1 It is of no use to the The jury t M th Colonial Office is to but a the 1 ant in an I pole to 2nd p ideal Australian is ruination to be at the cost States of Vii till Su IjlmRolAittwa and So Uoi-riit^ín tlaCas reading Australia is may Emu at Burnie Our Mioieat us see it basilica if this 1 in La., as a pi of 1 this Lord Hnutsf had a report in 11 by 1 minutes to have said that in the Australian Guteu 11 11 2 with join loffutlaiVAnd mal 1 touring cars the 1 all only then will be commuted At the sittings r it is li Johannes batsmen Club in idea Home Oolera security that Aie.Baliaattiliiciiit't lal at me the mere question of Ohio a man to turn to it and the suit arises that of t t relations b war in the colonies unless mother-country TI e Uu pullet is to no one can the colonies to a junior pirate ship n Imp -lil suit-. and allow them to have a vine is till settle fruit at things which so vitally concerns the colony 2 'I nice' the Meranburn color. s at b cure the chair cd Stiles 01 Aus julia j-, suicidal of weather Imperial I drove in the um pt by it to have 11 Cold II of State in which these ores and ^luauutioauàV} The mother connan will order in the tone plan that partials in army medical til Una evening and was ever d sion mar the al lit I uf should be fought our with outside Rome. on a t and 111 less Weare now that stoned with 011 unit south of a iiiuluiiiüaünJel that Australia is ashore is la Central States of Ame 1 and lines 11 buyer population Upon Auiciint but I ith 11 star proclaimed beat out dents. in grim t of the situation is so li that no a morn 11' should be I > to do line it with a' 8 I it'to 1 in Australia it is to ride Bruin the Dutch- 01 city our 11 one lupin and tremble and I timan 1 mi I 1 reduced to the v 1 01 mother is il- line The general opinion of the Australian Win of cricketers amongst sporting men, as expressed in the sporting newspapers, was that it was an indifferent lot, and that their visit would probably turn out only a moderate set was The stint, in the consensus, houses, from the start been fighting in for one of the colonial players Their career was more care while v. matched, and, as we will kill m, in cricket as in everything; (late nothing succeeds like success The Australians made the running, was to speak, more £10 lady began it,, and if they met with a reverse in Point issue of and st til isiteusecteiteiiwnf of the. thousands of north country and who saw the finish, the run of bad fortune was on the" whole magnificent The bowling; of Turner and firm he. an to his it good deal talked about and L manner kept up his oldrepuUtic 1 us a first-class cricketer 1 terrible: was ready, therefore, Hi a success ful debut up a metropolitan ground, and Blt.hou.yli tam day 01. with the match was played between the Australians and the ' but human Players was not even try inviting 101 an outdoor assemblage, the game Liu btion a crowd of spectators at least 10,000 strong Itwasuitryt\citingginiethroughout, and great were the secrets that in course lease of Derby 1) is being fixed for the 6th May the match would have to be huinoT through in two days instead of being entirely ployed 111 three It vary others, and indeed generally, happens that two day b are quite sufficient but in the occasion one of the most splendid months we have much for a long run this simply (spoiled by the acdi at which did not allow it to be finished The Australians were three ed very much as if they were common rug heroes, and there were great expectations as to the fire demon bowlers, but in the course of three hours and five I minuted the Gentlemen of England note are < ted so little by the bowling that they r rolled in runs for the loss of one wicket Uni Australians, it may be promised, did not true greatly either batting or the tariff, and it may be said here, once for all, that the general on most of all cricketers is that the modern player has lost the art of scientific fielding, a criticism which is held to apply to English as well as Australian cricketers The Australians won the toss on Monday, Reid their mat linings, listed from a little after noon till twenty minutes to 4, the total result being, the very small service of 174 runs An accident which happened to McDonnell, who studies hanged in Manchester and got the ball up but it og tin at Lord's probably had something to do with the virtual collapse of the Australians during that first innings The rent of the day was a sure much of exciting h lines, for the Gentlemen Bent, m G mee and shocked to tJiumouee business, with Turner and 1 can be Unit Office played (superbly, making not only difficult but romance native hits, and the evening closed with Once not out told 90 runs, and only one Ticket down, Shooter having a very nr winning career cut short by a clever ball from J erna During the last thirty minutes although he had been Hushing the bulls about for two hours, Mr drama made 9 runs Every hit was uproariously applauded, and when the wickets were drawn, he had to run his hardest to the pavilion to es cape the practical is firm at ion of an excited crowd There was steeple talked about at the clubs and elsewhere that night but the impending defeat of the hitherto victorious Australians Tun Austialifliia is a matter of fact were neither cost down nor dismayed, and came to time on Tues day morning, sternly resolved to reprieve then" lost ground and they did it 'the (Gentlemen of England resumed the- splendid (manner, but Omeo was not in the form of the previous day, and just before noon he was caught at slip, having made an immerse law, which included one j, eighteen I s, three J's, nineteen 22, and the remainder singles When he retired to the pavilion the Australians joined with everybody present the attendance being- this time even larger than on the previous days giving him an ovation of which any man might feel proud. the Gentlemen still went on scoring however, and their innings lasted altogether within ten minutes of seven hours, the ar ore being 400. This murders had been so prolonged that, the Australians, of course, were not supposed to have a chance Nothing shot t of phenomenal playing could give them even a decent portion Only three hours remained, for it was 4 o'clock when Bonnor and Bannerman went in to begin the second innings. Now the tide turned. If Grace and Shooter gained applause by their batteries on the previous day, so now did the two Australians. At first no great snoring was made, no Bannerman played an exclusively and extremely clever defensive game. Bonner, whatever the change of bowling might be, made some capital hits. In one over he scored three 4's, two of them from a good drives as have been active for many a year. At twenty minutes to 0 the telegraph announced that Bonnor find concluded his 100, and the event was marked with general cheering. The continuedseoriujr, when, having made I'll, he was stumped. His score included eighteen 4's, four Vs, and nine 4's. It was now evident that whatever the result might be, and the f/UHt-falling evening did not allow it to be great, the Australians would not be beaten. It was not certain that there must be a draw, and probably the knowledge of this fact made the remainder of the game somewhat dull, Han German was still playing his plodding and Forceful defensive Ratee-, and as a matter of fact carried out his bat for a score of 35, the gallic concluding at 7 o'clock with a draw. The score of the Australians for the second innings was '215, '2 runs had been made for one wicket, so that with nine wickets to fall the Australians were only 68 runs behind. Although Bannerman did not think a great score his cricket was the admiration of everyone, and was held to have assisted even as much cw Bonnor's achievement in saving and making the frame. The Australians are now playing a match at the Oval, in splendid weather, and before a big crowd. During Monday and Tuesday we were in hourly expectation in London of receiving news of the death of John Bright, and numerous inquiries were telegraphed to One Ash at Rochdale, where the right hon. gentleman lay, suffering from a serious attack of" congestion of the lungs. The Prince of Wales sent an inquiry by telegraph. There is not a great deal in common, probably, between the Prince of Wales and the former tribune of the people, but their great medium of sympathy was found in a good cigar. The old reformer and watT Com Leaguer has always been a great, if not an sTe.ers Hive, smoker, and there was no more familiar presence in the smoking-room of the House of Commons until within the hut two or late) years than John Bright. When this many years ago came to the Prince of Wales's knowledge his Royal Highness said that, although the member for Birmingham might be a devil of a Radical, he must have something good in him when he, was a j excellent a judge of a cigar and to keen upon his sermon fishing. He thereupon got. an introduction to Bright, and the right hon. gentleman spent an evening in the smoking-room at Marlborough House, at which it has always been told that he amused the Prince considerably and at the same time impressed him by the plain-spoken remarks he made as to what the House of Brunswick owed to Liberals and Radicals. Probably the Prince and Mr: Bright have met at least every seddon since, and his Royal lliurhue*-» was actuated by the personal sentiment as much as by that strong feeling of common sense which makes him so popular when he telegraphed to One Ash to know how the sufferer was progressing. Mr. Joseph Chamberlain also sent a message of inquiry. It so happens that these two statesmen are, over the Home Rule question, rowing in the same boat: but it is no secret that there never has been any great cordiality between these two prominent politicians representing Birmingham. Mr. Bright is considerably past the " three-score years and ten." He has not, however, spite of his temperate mode of living, been a man of robust health. Many years ago he had a severe illness, which affected his head, as well as other parts of his body, and I remember hearing him addressing a crowded meeting; of Manchester electors, who had turned him out of the representation, reproaching them for treating him but when he was to use his own words as weak as a little child, John Bright coated to be the greatest orator of his eye about eight years ago. He still marked fine speeches, but the voice has been only the ghost of that silver trumpet that used to play upon an assembly with magic power. He has also had during recent years to use?, notes very freely and the absolute weakness of his voice has not been improved by a perpetual huskiness. Three years ago his medical man besought him to speak as little as possible, either in the House or in public. He gave up into attendances at the House and was seldom seen in the smoking room. used. only last week he travelled down from London by the Pullman car. He went to the Friends' meeting-house, as has been his invariable custom, in Rochdale last Sunday, though he had been guttering from a bad cold for a fortnight and imprudently enough tempted no doubt by the ¡-iiushiiic-he went without, an overcoat. The east wind would seem to have done its work, for on the Monday morning he was seized with a shivering fit, became rapidly ill, and had to take his bed. The latest telegrams represent the patient as being :tlariniu'.rly week. Amongst the colonials whom I have met during the present, week, the Queensland elections have of course been in very prominent subject of discussion. A good many men seem to be surprised at the result, while others, as I know, have declared from the first that Sir Thomas M'Ilwraith would succeed, though no one supposed he would come back with so large a majority. The one came- of anxiety amongst 5000 Qtii'eneliuidei-s Living in London has been uncertainty as to whether the change of Ministry will also mean a change of Agent General. The politician, of course, understands that there would be no cause for criticism, much less for complaint, if Sir James Garrick were superseded. There is, however, but one opinion amongst men belonging to other colonies, amongst (Queenslanders, amongst. Government people and politicians, who are interested in the affairs of the colony as to the excellent, numeral which Sir James Garrick has performed his duties and advanced the credit of the colony in all directions and his well-deserved popularity in London may be attributed as much to the utter absence of flunkeyism in court matters on his part as to his dignified filling of the position which he has so long occupied. There are some Agents-General and some colonials who are not spoken of without a sneer, but, no such reflection has ever been cast upon Sir James Garrick. This year, as your readers are probably aware, we are to have a celebration of the defeat of the Spanish Armada. The great affair is to come off at Plymouth, which played an important part at the time when the Spaniard was expected to be coming up Channel to punish us for our apostacy. There is of course a famous picture which represents the great Admiral determined to finish his game of bowls before he goes aboard to take command of the fleet. This business in not to be transacted without its amusing element. On the strict understanding that the celebration has no religious signification at all, the Duke of Norfolk has willingly consented to be president of the Plymouth committee. This, however, will not suit the ultru-Protostants, said they are accordingly infusing as much of the religious, or so-called religious, element in the matter as is possible. Whatever Plymouth may do, London is determined to make the occasion one at exultation over the Roman Catholics, and within the last two or three days the faithful have been summoned to Exit cr Hull to take steps to give the correct Protestant complexion to the tercentenary celebration. We are to have a series of meetings), end at a bicentenary meeting at the National Club the other night, presided over by Colonie! Sandys, M.P., to celebrate the Protestant accession, there was no concealment as to the spirit of the series of meetings to be held during the summer. The chairman said that tbeultiroateoffcetoftheraove ment would be beneficial to the Protestant cities, and Mr. Arthur Guiness insisted that it was necessary that the Protestant element should be maintained intact when there was such a conspicuous tendency in house quarters towards Romanism. Lord Robert Montagu, Lord Kinnaird, and delegates from Edinburgh, Glasgow, and Portsmouth were all in accord with these sentiments, and one or two (speakers improved the occasion by having a fling st Roman Catholicism, while same insinuated that the great danger at the present moment in this country was not in Roman Catholicism itself, but in the adulterated article which is being encouraged among the Ritualists in the Church of England. 