jynetcDcr. Keeping TJp Appearances. There is no more reprehensible fault than that of keeping up deceptive appear ances, especially among young men who are commencing to battlo with the world. That is just the time of life when, if they are dependent upon their own exertions, they will either make or mar their future. We have in view several cases that may serve as a warning to others, in whose interests we refer to them, assuring our readers that the personages have an actual existence and that the events^ re lated have actually transpired. 5'3 j The first was a case of a youth who had been petted and pampered by an over- indulgent mother. He received the too common collcgo education which re sulted in his having acquired no know ledge of any kind, save on the subject of dress. In this respect he thought lie was an adept. Without any knowlede of busi ness he made his start in life with a good firm. Here he had every chance to make a man of himself, to acquire useful and valuable business habits and knowledge, and to work his way up in the world. The drawback to his success consisted in his great admiration for himself and for the oneor more girls whom he condescended to patronise. Part of his office liour3 would be occupied in corresponding with them, and another part in obtaining the much needed rest of which he deprived himself at night, for this youth was a man about j town, a habitue of leading hotels and a J lounger at the bars. Of course such habits could not conform to those re quired by a boy in business. He lived in a fashionable boarding liou3e at the ex pense of his parents, so his little salary was his pocket money. But it can he readily imagined that this did not suffice for such a spark, and ho was soon in the habit of borrowing from his fellow clerks. His want of sleep by night made him stupid by day, and of course lie, officially, proved a failure. His memory was like a sieve and he was. practically useless. Finally he associated with sports, and ; then the downfall was more rapid. Ho i remained away from his office for a week i or two without permission, and as a i natural sequence he remained away for iever. Now what will become of this i youth 1 In his case a good administration of the birch would bo advantageous.. His parents are also to blame lor permitting him to grew up in such a fashion that an impecunious youth will start out in life by aoeing a man and a millionaire. Ilis cud is" notdiflicult to foretell—dissipation, de bauchery and death. In the second case wo refer to, the being has passed boyhood and should have acquired sense. . If anything his case is the more hopeless of the two. Imagine a man on a fair salary, living alone and with no family ties. Yet lie can hardly bo called a man as men are considered, j He is imbued witli more of the elements i of womanhood, finicky, namby-pamby, a | sort of dancing jackass—this at least is i how he is regarded by men who are men. j Hisr soiahiim; in life is to be a leader in krkocti^viihefc/ic/' among the bon-ton. He ! has:ii6" male friends, but is always to be I found in the boudoir or in the drawing i room. He iis a iiist-nigiit; r at the j theatres, a leader in the german, an usher i at fashionable wedui igs, in fact a dude | among dudes. How can any man with a spark of manly feeling pass such an cx jistenco? Ho association worthy of the I name with his fellows, who rather shun and sneer at his ways, he wraps-himself up in his self-conceit and the ever- exist ing consciousness of a too intense admira tion on the part of tlio fair sex for his beauteous figure and shape,his moustache, the touch of his hand, and his elegance in dance. Oh, horrors ! How such an ex istence is to be slimmed. We can im agine this being as the recipient of choice houquc:s and scented notes,a spotless mor tal too good fortius sphere and who should soar to. highevrealms seated near -the throne of Ood. What his business habits and recommendations cr.u be, it is diffi cult to imagine. The wear and tear or late hours and dissipation must tell in time. The necessary expenses in connec tion with intimate association among lead ing society musf amount to a large share nYa moderate income, and leave but little for tile necessaries of life, A- careful em ployer would do well to keep a watchful eye upon such a one, and examine his ac counts with pertinacious regularity. For ourselves we would not keep him -five minutes, for the association of swell doin must needs be costly, and no man of moderate means has the right to mingle with the rich. He cannot afford to do as they do, and is hut a base imitation of the richer metal, and a veritable snob. A searcher aftet truth wants to knew “ why it is. with so many negroes dying, nobody ever sees a hlack ghost?” ! He: “ My darling. I really believe my rlieuraa ! iism lias wholly disappeared.” i Sin:: “ Then I s’pose we shall never know when ! the weather is going to change ?' | Ax Ir.i5iin.ix hearing of a fiicnd who had a I sinno coiiin made for himself, saiJ, | “ Faith, that's good. Sure an' a stone cofriii *uu last a man alifeUnvu” Foote, on his return from a visit to Ireland, was asked, if he had seen C"ik. “Mo,” he re plied; “bat when I was in Dublin I saw-a great many drawings of it.” ' ' , : He : “ Bnt am t you afraid your parents will ha angrv if we get married ?” Snr.: “ No, they won't care. Why, they are married, too.” « Sure, I'mJhair;toI:in imm.mss estate under my father's will. When lie ordered my eldest In other to divide the house with me, by St. l’auick, ha did it!—for he tnk the inside lmnself and gave mo the outside.” Her Cousin : “ I must say. Emma, that you've grown quite handsome. There, now, can’t you give me a compliment in return ?’’ j His Cousin : “ Well, I should say that you are a gentleman of excellent taste.” At tue theatre, Miss Barlowe (who is some what short-sighted): “ Oh, mamma, look at thus beautiful white bonnet in the front row, centre Mamma : “ Sh-h, child. That is old Mr. Wat son's ha d head.” Young Mr. Sissv(to his pretty consin): “I say, Stand, liow did my song • Home Again from a Foreign Shorn.'stem to impress the company?'' Puettv Cousin : ' ‘ Well, some of them, Charley, looked as if they were sorry that we ever came A lady graduate, being out in the country, went into the. stable of a farmhouse. “Dear me, how- close the poor cows are crowded together," she remarked. “ Yes, mum, but we have to do that." “Why so?" . “ So they will give condensed milk.” UfcowN.: “ I say, Duniley, KoMnson lias threat ened that’ihqtirst tinio lie meets you ho.proposes to knock some lioroc-seiise .into' you. - Yon.want to look out for hki:.'’ Pu.Mi.KY (cohteuyJj^iS'sdyY: f‘.P6bh1>ylt wonldh . take a dozen meu.h' j horse-sente into ms,’,5 binsdn'itoi^^^iujy. 