A Wise Medicine Man. Dr. Calomel: I'm afraid our Com Juice Nerve food is about done for. Fifty thousand bottles "n hand, and we can't bribe people to take it. I Dr. Sugarpill: Chance the labels on all of ' 'em to read Brickdust Nerve Tonic, and send a strong card to the press denouncing tbe Corn-Juice Nerve Food as a villainous compound of whisky, opium,[arsenic and Rough on Eats. That 'II fetch 'em I MANY a woman reading the'first chapter of a novel jumps at once to the conclusion, to see how it ends. A MAN recently undertook to ascertain the age of a shark by examining bis teeth. The next morning the papers gave the man's age to the very day. TIME IS MOKEY—the employer's money— with tbe man working by contract. But it is all day with the man working on time. When an agent calls npon you and says that the invention which he is selling will pay for itself inside of six months, he is not iexactly lying, bnt you will have to pay forit lost the same. \- A "watermelon thief's conscience may pot prick him, but the barbed wire fence that lie runs op against in the dark does, all the same. that rather than leave the world without keeping her vow to him she woiilu be married on her dying bed. I pov.dei ed her up well, miss, and dressed her In ti:«» embroidered dressing gown, with tul:« roses at the throat. I pulled down the green shades and darkened the room. Sho fixed the pillows to prop herself up with, and then skipped into bed. '"Give me my pearl bracelets,' she said, 'and the handsomest of those handkerchiefs, and all my rings ; and Flor i, mind you must sob all through the ceremony. I'm going to be calm.' " We hadn't five minutes more, but just as the first knock came to the door, she whispered sorrowfully : " ' Oh, dear ! if I could only have slow music. Couldn't you catch tliat " Traviata" organ, Flora, and get him to jjlriy for half an hour outside the window ? He's always on the corner. I ll leave you something handsome if yon do.' " I did it, short as the time was. I caught that man and he ground out his quarter's worth. "Theclergyman was a very nice, neat, near- sighted old gentleman. Mr. Birch was the dreadfulest sight—pale as a ghost and shaking from head to foot. The groomsman looked dreadi'ully sorry: ihe four or five intimate friends looked as though they were at a funeral ; aud to see her, with her calm smile and powdered face, one hand against licr heart, the other in his—I wj.s glad I d been told to sob ; I had to do something. And so they were married. " ' I feel,' said Miss Grigg, slowly, 'that this, perhaps the last, moment of my life, is very sweet. To die thus, witu my hand in yours—ah ! Dear friend, adieu ! Flora, my faithful maid, t ike this ring.' I saw her pick out the cheapest; but no matter. ' Remember me by it. Now—leave us.' " Then everybody kissed her and went out of the room sobbing. "In a moment mere there was a scream; Mr. Birch had fainted away. It took an hour to bring him to. " The reporter of the evening pape> was waiting outside for the news. It was all published that night, but the next afternoon the travelling dreBS came back in the black trunk. " Yes, miss, uf course—Miss Grigg—I mean to say Mrs. Birch—recovered at once. And that's the whole story. I'm the only one that knows it, and I wouldn't mention it to any one but you, ma'am." 