Russian Ghost Story. I [ When the Winter Palaca was fiuishf/i the | empress appointed a day for taking posjes ' sion of it; and the elite of the guards, and a corps which was composed entirely of nob'e men, mounted guard iu the" new castie. .A long, dark corridor lead to the middle door of the white or throne- room. In the corridor two young noblemen were posted. It was approaching ten o'clock and the wrivp.l of the empress was momentarily expected. Sud denly the attention of tlie young men were attracted by a bright streak of Tight which seemed to glide between them in the dark passage. Their eves followed the light, and they saw that it streamed through the key hole of the throne-room. Who could have auy business [at such an unusual hour in a room A'l'ich was designated only for the re ception of foreign ambassadors? One oi the young men considered it his duty to investi gate the matter, aud approached the door for that purpose, hut as soon as he had glanced through the keyhole he called *.? his companion in a whisper to come J nearer. ! " The empress has already arrived,whisp i c-red he ; she is sauted on the throns,directiy ! opposite to the door." j The othera'so looked through the aperture I and soon verified this to be a fact. Th* cm | press was seated in a tranquil dignity 0:1 an j elevated golden stool under the red velvet. | canopy, richly adorned with the imperii! j arms of Russia, a double eagle. Tl:e :o-:n j was brilliantly lighted; but it was inino? j siblc to ascertain if any other pers.n? -.ver-: [present, as the thickness of the door-!<»<:k i allowed no side view of the apartment The young men relumed to their ji.-.tir, and waited. Not long after one of the higher officers appeared and said, You can all now retire: the empr :ss will not co:nc i<i-zngh*.,? j " But her majestv is already here." | "What? Who?"" " Hoc majesty is in the throne-rooai." " Impossible!" 44 You can see for yourself." The c-liicer looked, immediately recog nised the empress, and said wond<iri:-.«ly,- - ! "I cannot understand what the marshal ! means, He has just arrived, and ordered ! that all the guards be withdrawn ; i the empress has changed her mind, | and will not arrive to-night. Ncrcrfcbe ! less, I see that she is here. Could she have 1 come secretly ? At all events I wiilasccr | tair. what new order the marshal has issued. Meanwhile do you remain here as the im press may pass Liiis way," The marshal, l'rince Kuratin, was fortu nately in the pal;:ee, and as soon as he heard of the mysterious report hastened to the cor ridor, and peeped in his turn through the keyhole. " My God, it is the empress ! Her majesty herself ! What can it mean ?" exclaimed he. " How can this be possible, when I have jr.st left ber presence ? 8he was dressed in her usual cvery-day attire, and I see her in her own royal robes and jewels. There must b# some mystery behind this. Let all. entrances to the throne-room bo guarded ! Let no one go in or out! I will hasten to report at once." The distance between the two houses bem.4- quite short, the marshal soon reached the sintill palace.tempararily occupied by the empress. .* Where is the empress ?" " In her sleeping nparJmcni." " The prince looked at the lady of honor with suspicion, and said sharply.-^. " Are you sure that the empress is hero ?" " Ot course ; she is preparing to retire."' ''Inform her instantly that I am here." In a few minutes Trince Kuratin, mv.ch excited, was conducted into the empress' chamber. The empress Stood before him in :n night m-gii^oe Kuratin turned pale. *? We!!,"said the empress, "you i«;uk as if von had s-.^en a t;host. "What in Heaven's name is the matter with you «' Is there anv news from the army '" Kuratin hurriedly related what he had seen, li It is a knavish trick," cried Elisabeth. " We will take a nearer look at these come dians. I will go in your sleigh, Kuratin ; you can mount behind. Hurry." Arrive! at the Winter Palace, the cas telian was ordered to br-ng the key of tire throne room ; sb: grenadiers were con: man ied to load their guns, and led by the empress the little troop betook themselves to the corridor. The Si^ht shone as before through thr- key hole. The door was cautiously opened and a Hood of light lillcd thy cjiriilcr. The empress stepped within the room, followed by her guard who placed themselves around ber. The room was brilliantly illuminated, but empty. On the throne was seated a shape, the counterpart of Elizabeth arrayed in purple and ermine, covered wiLh diamonds, and crowned with the roya! dia dem- One instant Elizabeth gazed steadfastly at her double, then moved for ward a few steps. Simultaneously the ap parition stood up, stepped down Irom the throne, and then remained standing as im movably still as the empress. It was a thrilling moment 1 "Fire!" cried the empress. The guards raised their guns and all six aimed directly at the ghostly visitant. The triggers snapped. At the same instant the figure, clapped its hands together, and the room was suddenly plunged into intens-j darkness. Then followed a great commo tion and confusion, while the empress called, "Wring lights!" Lights were speedily produced, and each corner was thoroughly searched, but abso lutely nothing coald be found to clueidat? the mystery. Every door was locked and guarded. The guards had seen no ore leave the palace. The empress ordered a mere thorough search to be made, but in vain were all efforts made to discover lea per petrator of the trick, if trick it weie. The occurrence made a deeper impression upon Elizabeth than she wouid admit. Eight weeks afterwards she died. 2fot Good Grammar.-A young lady was sitting with her lover in a charmingly deco rated recess. On her knee was a diminutive nieec. In an adjoining room, with door open, were the rest of the company^ Says the little niece, in a jealous and very audible voice. " Auntie, kiss me, too." We leave you to imagine what had hap pened. " You should say tw^je, Ethel, dear ; two is not grammar," wa« the immediate re joinder. Clever girl. A Professional. - " Beautiful sport beautiful/' said the bagman. " Sixty birds in two hours and only missed two shots." A quiet gentleman sitting in a corner of the hotel office, put down hia paper, ruahe'd across the room and grasped him warmly by the hand. "Allowme to congratulate you, sir," he said," I am a professional myself." " Professional sportsman ?" " No; a professional liar." Father (haughtily)-"Well,sir!-" Sox (imploringly)-" Forgive me. I know how deeply I have wronged you; but 1 am young, and I have yet time to make reparation. If a future life of honesty-" FATHER (angrily)-*. Honesty! ha, hal Who prates oi honesty to a retired i#e dealerr $8? 