WWbe ewew ITS DEAD? By an b-Deteotivr. ChapterI.— Ths Ghostly Harpist. Itf that delightful suburb of ijonaon, Hampstead, dwelt Sir Chartes Leeter, a. man not of great wealth for the position m heifl bj r bisrauk. Still, he projrt and haughty .-and, to those who offended him, «tern and unf orfii v ing. The house in which he lived was an old- fashioned ihd brick one, aurrpuuded with a high wall and fiiie old trees, which shut out the. charming prospect of the country around. The windows were quaint, being formed of little squares, for Sir Charles would have been horrified at the idea of modernising the dear old place. He had for many years lived almost the life of a hermit ; even bw own relations were received with such coldness that they called as seldom as propriety would permit. To this quiet mansion I had bean snm mooed, B&1 there I found Sic Char Its ex tended upon a sofa bed, with a small table placed by his side. On this table were fruits, a Bible, and a bottle of physio. ' Be seated, Mr. Gerval/ add SirCharles. ' May I offer you some refreshment T " No, thank you, Sir Charles ; but, if you plea»e, we' will do business, I always like to have the full particulars at once, and 1 would aBk you not to keep any secret from me. Of course, what yon tell me will be in the strictest confidence/ 'Good! 1 will endeavour to carry out your instructions. 1 may bb well inform you that this house has bsen said to be haunted ever since the days of Queen Anne. laid not believe it, but now- — He paused, hU fr.ee became pale, and his lips quivered. Then he added in a broken voice : ' Now I believe it.' . Believe it, Sir Charles !' I exclaimed, in astonishment. ' ft would take a great deal to make me believe any bcuee waa haunted/ ' That may be. However, listen. You must know that my estates were entailed, but my- grandfather, with the consent of my father and myself, cut off the entail. The reasons for doing this were, firstly, heavy mortgages which had been made to pay my grandfather's gambling debts—for we all preferred pryerty to dishonour.' ' But, Sir Charles, you are not poor V ' Not as an ordinary man/SaidSir Charles, with pride ; ' but for my position terribly so. Well, let that matter pass. I came into7 the . proper tr, in doe course of time, and et about restoring rhe faurly for f one. Foolish idea l 1- showed my knowledge of the world by ; marrying for love, a singer— beautiful as -an angel. But no matter ; she died in giving birth to a child. Oh, how I loved that child i Perhaps I, am to blame for what happened afterwards Herbert grew np self- willed, and — Heaven forgive me for having to say it of my son— dissolute to a degree. 1 argued - with him — he laughed in my face ; I became, stern — he replied in equal anger. I turned him from my doors, and he fled to America. But a vengeance more terrible than mine overtook him. The ship struck upon some rocks on the coast of America, and every soul on board periahed. Bat time heals the deepest wound of the affeotiqna, and I forgot and forgave Herbert. I adopted a relation— const n only — who is now at college, and on him I have settled everything— ay, even to my heart's; love, and well have I been repaid by bis affeetion/ „ 'Well, Sir CharleB/I said, if that is the case. Itrnstyou are at last happy/ ' J. should have been/ groaned the baronet. Then, after a pause, he added in ah awe struck whisper, 'Can the sea give-np its dead V The intensity yith which the question was put somewhat startled me. However, with - an attempt at a smile, I gave him to under eland that I was no believer in the super natural. He drew himself nearer to me, and said, in a whisper : ' My son Herbert, who was drowned at sea, haunts this honse. I— I have seen htm/ Ifc mast have been a delusion or a trick, my dear sir/ I remarked ' Neither/ be said, earnestly. 'It was hie spirit. I had juBfc awakened from a light doz3, when by the moonlight which came through that window X .saw a shadow glide across the room. I suffer from an affection of the spine, andean but move with eloyrnesB Mid with the greatest pain. However; with ouauv uimuu»y x managed to raise my self on my elbow to watch the spectre's movements. It glided to yonder escritoire, to open which yon must touch a secret spring. This the apparition seemed to know, for- it touched the spring, . the secret: drawer flew open, and the. spirit took therefrom a certain document. Arc you certain, -Sir Oharles, yon were not dreaming .. f. . ' I was not dreaming, Mr. Gerval. Oh, no 1 I called out, " Who are you ? . What do you want- here ?" The spectre tornd its face towards me, and I saw by the pale light of the moon the features of my son. Be gazed sorrow fuly at me, and then vanished close by that old wardrobe.' 1 A startling story V I. remarked. ' Have yen seen anything since V Once, only once, and then it vanished in a moment. Yon found the document all right?' 'Yea; but it had beeurbpened and read' And what was the nature of die- docu ment ?' I inquired. 1 My will— the will in which I leave a!! my property to my adopted son, George Standing. ; Since. then I have had the will removed to an iron safe. . Aud yon have not seen toe ghost since ?' Never. But ! have kno wn that it has been near me. I have heard it.' 'Heard itf ' Yps Have I not told you that 'my "(fife was a ringer? W«ll; she aesfl to- play , the harp admirably. When she died" I c?»uid not hearths sfebt of the instrument, and had It, removed to, » roomwhere, amongsb old cabinets mid so forth, it has remrined, ia. spite of my eon a pleading that it should be given -oim-farhe was passionately Jondpf. music ; but I could aotriar iqiom to touch 1 quU4Jy o vpr hit a »i— ; leading dver t towards to aolmun whwper, Until « when I heard that ham playbbydjmytwifei' ,s, You said thatahe died in; giving birth -to youronly eon?' L remarked. / 'ThaMs perfectly trae; but at tbo eame ISEiJSSi SeW that-1 heard her plav one qf those wild German airs of which she used to be so fond. I listened, entranced.. , I could not— I dared not move. The next moreisgl WHfc l e»BinSlKb5f.rl &/,£« fathiaWSonldliw.ntoid 'You adopted SOh,'Mr. George Standing-, does his know anything about thief I aiked. 1 1 wrote him all particulars, and I expected him hbra ftomnOxford before you/ replied the baronet 'Twishdd you to consult with him ' Confound ithll !' I thought. ' When wiil people learn toheep .their long de« still ?' But I said quietlyloSir Obarle?, 'I am earn 1 shaU be most delighted, anil—1 The ionorons clang bf tbe lodge bell inter, ruptedtts. A cirriage came up the drive, and in a fewmomentsa handsome young fellow burefcinto the "room in manner I thought little fitted for a sick chamber. ' My dear hSnefacfoF/ he cried, harrying up to the bid and bending over the sick man what ia thiB l heaf ? Can it be that some wretches are fcryrngbytbesemeans to rob yoq — to kill you— by working on your too senei tive nature? Of coarse as to their being real spectres, that's all moonshine/ ' Hush, hash, George 1' said Sir Charles, faintly ; you are too boisterous for me. This is the gentleman whom I have had fetched from Loridon to solve the myeteiy, and he eays that we must keep the matter entirely to ourselves. You must not let a soul in the house know who or what he is— you under- stand ?' Mr. George Standing declared he did under stan|l, and ehook me cordially by the hand, saying that he would help me in every way. Then be insisted that he should sleep in Sir Charles's room, and Sir Charles have another, where he wonld not be disturbed. I had wished to have made the same pro- pos&i; about the room, as I wanted to sleep there : but the baronet seemed delighted at bis adopted eon's courage, and so I had to give up my claim. I strolled into the extensive grounds, and lit my cigar so as to smoke and think over the case. £ Bnt I could make nothing of it. Of a truth I did not like the interference of Mr. George Standing — a handsome, open-faced gentle man, but with unsteady eyes and lips, and, wMt I dislike, far too gu->bine. In tne midBt of leae thoughts the sound of the dinner-bell struck upon my ear, and I hurried back to join Mr. Standing in the diningroom, as I had promised to do. Dinner over, at Mr. Standing's invitation I joined him in the emokingroam, where we had some capital cigars and coffee. In course of conversation he let drop ti e secret that Sir Charles's son bad to go abroad in consequence of eome forgeries he had com- milted. 'jSir Charles never told me that,' I said, quickly. ' No, of course he would not — the honour of the family, and all that kind of thing,' said 314 Standing, somewhat huskily, ' And now poor Bertie has gone, the least said about it, the better. Bnt that was the case. Of' courBe Herbert had to bolt, and— you know the rest— be was drowned/ Yon are sore he wsb drowned V 'Positive. 'I do not know alt the full particulars, but Sir Charles bad the case thoroughly investigated, and there was not the slightest doubt of it. I never conld make poor Herbert ouk T suppose hU erratic and bad qualities same from the mother's side.' Parhapa eo,' 1 remarked, quietly. f You sleep in his Charles's room to-night T I do/ he muttered, pulling forth a pistol. And if the ghoBt appears I intend to fire at \- "Be careful, and don't shoot rashly,' I remarked. If Sir Charles really did see this phantom, who can tell that it may not be some si feeep- walker T And in that case it would t>e homicide, though, perhaps, in the lowest degree/ ' Never feht me ; I know what I am about, he skid. ' Perhaps you will have news by the morning.' T ; ' Perhaps I-shaHf I said, and, wishing him good evening, strolled out in the grounds. Chapter II.— The Mystery op the Hahp. / That night, being tired from the dar's work and the freeh air, I soon fell'asleep, to dream of all kinds of ghosts and myiterioae music. Suddenly I aWoke, and as T'cofiscted my ihonghts, the sounds of mueic fell npou my ears, bnt not the music which I had heard in Daydreams. It was the music of a harp lightly touched, and yet with exquisite feeling. 1 do confess that after all Sir Chailes had told me, I began' to feel eupetsliticms for the first time in my life ; but for all that I was not to he done. So getting out of bed hastily, 'I put on my clothes, taking care, however, not to put on my boots ; for I wished to stesl about tbe bouse as noiselessly as possible. The muBic had tahed by now, and all the house eeemewrapped in silence. Taking up the lamo. I senttv nhlocked mv door aud stole out into the corridor. All quiet. Indeed, after the shock my nerveB had received,- all teemed to me most unnaturally qniet, and I conld realise the eld saying— 'As still as death.' I was about to return to my own room . when the sh upon my ew, It was foHowed by a faint cry, and both came iirom the loom-lately occupied by Sir Charles; and now tehahted by his adopted son. I soon fonnd that not I alone had heard the report of tbe pistol. The household had been aroused, and lights began to flit about. Quick, quick f I cued. 1 Come here ? Vfirat is it, sir ? What is toe matter? demanded many of the servants as they hurried towards me M donVknow/ But follow me/ I would sooner have entered the room alon but that conld nM be. We knocked at the door and called on Mr. Standing, but no reply same.- Soorderiog one -or two others to h me, we burstia ifie door. j ®®r8« tending Jay ou the bed as pale a leath. _ Indeed,. when I first saw: bim I believed he twas ; dead ; hut the ssrvaots oM his face, and after a little while, be recovered. Ip lam, I though t be re- covered somewhat sooner than was natutaL , ®eget out cd this horrid room V hi ®r®d- I baVe been it— I farieasen it !' -) Seen vim? " demanded the servants, jeagerif. . Mr. Standing, I arid, sternly, ' are you a oowgrd, thak a dream- could have so "fnghtonmd ymi) Think bow ill Sir Charles jWterie. ffydievi T bontiuued, turomg the Wwft££-«tome of you had better go This mad fre-h It it— may hw» weaWy alfihTilatf t4e tritmm go to bevl mil remain wito Mr. Standiny/ i.;iouaatehRfuerva«ilB-did mit like tow, tdid oot saUsfy their curiouiy ; but as Mr. Standing, muoh to my surprise, ordered toe ; people to obey nt, they did so most reloc . isntly- - t arnnbt to bs humbufnrtd. TGisr he mcS&eed.; 'Idouot uoderi Wbldo ytoiMHi f hat lwRldMi that nemtfvsa.aaont.nnaAritjfega that trembling of the opper honest or truthful mao.erarJiaB. . ao I simply mean. this. X da,not1&&ieve; a word about be, gbqsjfc. I beiievo y havt done this only to frighten Rir Ohariea 1 12 not believe in ghosts, add therefore I do dot tor one moment credit that Mr Lester amuses himself by marSni these rooms at the le ad of night : Si/cKiles is ill i he hy jami neiy oa wlth;liiWiS!, Natnralfenn jna Meakstate, his ladiginaS rnns wild, and hf -f anciea 11 kinds and nothmg so likely as $hat hia heated thonghts should run upon m8h6y.7,But v«n . are different. From what I c% heir. feh8« uKMvUCh l?Je b,ei#8pn Herbert Yon could only copjufedp vision from cne cau«e.' ; " ' Indeed Add what may; that oafish be V he said, with a forced laugh and a meaning glttQCiJ Olds w T t 1 To kill SirfJharies with fear and temofee; You know the , nervous sta e he Vis in and' ®oy great shock migfit behia death, 'Take my adnce, air ; go and see the baronet at once. Tell hiaa 1. mast have, been a dfeam By heavens, it was not,' cried the young fellow, quickly. ' y 6 Very well, then, if you will not go I must I said, qdietly. ' Only I thought you could have made the story so as to suit your pur pose better than I shall be able o do.' He thought for a moment, and then hastily wrapping a dressing-gown about himself, thrust his feet into hisgi i ppe w, and, .mutter- lug something. about being ready, io do what I wished, although he saw no use in it. left the room. I waited until I was sure he wonld not re turn, then locked the door. I seized the lamp, and turned the light up a little way so that I could see better. . Then I began to ex- amine the place carefully where the spectre waseaid tohaye disappeared. The wad appeared eo'id enongh I tried it- gently with my knuckles, bub no. Bound of holl07Q68a6 .WAS tV6Q , fotth»x my eyes were arrested by a spot on. the prdisbed boards. I knelt down and examined it care- folly. It was wet, and when- 1 touched it I found that it was blood. Yes, blood 1 I traced it on and pn, drip by drip, until came to tbe recess by the old-fashioned fireplace. Here they ceased. I examined the wainsoot c ireful ly, and at last discovered what appeared to he a small curved knob, which I acrewei. round, and found that the oak pauei oti whichrit was fixed yielded at once to my touch, and I discovered a narrow opeoiog. in which was a staircase. I found the secret of the epring inside, and then, having entered the passage, closed the door careful y behind. me. - Up, np, up; I went, for the staircase was spiral, wben at last I found myself opposite another door, which 1 examined carefully, and soon discovered a similar spring to 'that in the door below. I was about to tbuch it, when low, sweet sounds of glorious music rsae softly on the air— so softly that I could scarcely believe it to be of this earth. ... I turned -tbe light of the lamp down nntil it was o&iy; a spark, and then placed it npon - the step. I turned the secret spring, pushed ' open the door, which opened noiselessly, snd- crept into the lumber- room-rfor the sound told me it was, the apartment, said to be bauated, ,It waa. a fine long rbom, lighted only on one eide by low, gabled windowsy through which the fitful light of the mnon- now and then gleamed as she. broke through storm-rent -clouds. By this light I .managed to see that there were -heaps of old ' furniture and such like things about,. -looking most ghost- like in the gloom. : But one object fixed my attention, and I became blind' to all others... It .was a young man- who was seated at a harp, the- strings of which he touched' plaintively, whilst his pale face was turned - with a sorrowful look to ths window. - Ikoewit in an instant-. It was that- of Herbert Lester, but so ghastly pile that I almost believed it was a ghoBt. Presently he touched the strings rather louder, eeudihg forth the weird sounds which had so startled tbe household. Well, thought I, ' anything more like a ghost I never eav. But." reason teils me ; ghosts cannot pall harp strings ; so here goaa.' ' ; / . I stole gently up behind hiaa, but jstriking something with my loot, the sound attracted hi3 attention. ' Ssrbsrt Lester, what is ths,' meaning of thi < folly ? I said. - . .. There was no doubt he was there, flesh and bone niow; for ha taroed round and grappled with .... ma with . a - strength that I could not have believed so frail a creature coaid- havepoaBeesed. How ever, I soon had himi under my control, and said: ' Listen" to me, jir. I am your friend; al though the way I may have to behave may not seem like it, - We have not a minute, to lose ; to, if yqu please,, ypu will just tell me what ths whole affair mean. hiying nothing from me. Rememb8r, I say,, ! am your f i?nd, apd I mean it, 'Gome ; speak out, and i do not hide a thingi" The young feltow saw that I was right, and . bi iefly told me all. . r CHAPTER III, — Retbibuiion. Then, noiselessly and cautiously, we crept , to the door of Sir Charles Lester's sleeping apartment. By the dim light of a moderateur lamp, which was. only half ..turned up and carefully shaded, I saw Sir Charles aeated in bed, propped up bypiitows . By the bedside stood George, his right hand grasped in the long thin ones of the sick 'man, and the left placed over bis eyes. H& looked the picture of grief. . 1 My sou—for so I shall now consider you, Herbert being dead — I feel that but a-few. days, or at best weeks,, can intervene between this and my death. Ab. me - when we are in strong ibealth, how little % do, we think of tbe rashness of our actions I But, death, in dimming our bodily sight, ppeus our mental eyes aud clears their vision. Herbert did wrong, I know ; but was I not to blame as well ?' . v - 'Oh, no, no !' sobbed the sorrowful , George ; 1 do. not say that, You could not be to blame.' 1 Ah, yes, I Was ! ' But. that Is over— he Is dead. You saw his spirit?'' ( I did indeed. I cauuwear it. I firedist it, - , ' What could have brought it hero? ' Gaorge, I have left you every things ba|'stiU I love my son. Had he raturoei to me and asked forg»v8neisi fie should have I have grieved for him deeplyyand log since 1, have forgiven him. May heaven forgive btm also T ' barely, sutoly/ sobbed she y on ng m an. I pray for bis soul night and day.- Ob, bad he, not forged tbosebills'-— - " t 'He did forge Iboie bills- -least, I; hopes that such is tb© case. Yeciterdqy t I received a lettor' statiugth'it l»fiofebJ%je luoocence would sopa ba tortbeoraing Inaeeo, Utely I have had veWnl cntfitnunications in Blmoss fba like nature. Sofixetimes I couW gjjoa« WO,k 6j,( i,h. 80T» mtt' M.? d0ttM 8>,,' ttriiad9 Sii 'J. 1 n<>, koow-£ «anoot «pl?ehy|cMr1S>ed.l'h are sSra!1''.,fe1a'S: aftsaiisgaa .8?fa2r "? «>» liaht J« fall on laee, and ! must gay I never saw anv. Snd/m p8, an? the. tong, tbin white; hands moved nervously, as if eager to 'grasp t - J - look betrayed all, and 1 «®termmed uobnV bold move ' Serbert to keep still, I SS wi2uihJorwar?,f0 as P1,ca ®elf np'rSn11 mr' 1 ?,ai TaietJy. With your permission, I will examine those letters before you touch them/ ' f . ® 6 1;8i?D8ck. bis fees first pale and « ww1 $ F tokVas he exclaimed : t m 2 the fievil do you want here, sir Y 1 X repiied, quietly — honestly aud fairly. and that is more than I .Sk ua can Mt, S«anding., I' to-be insulted ?' almost shrieked Mr. Standing.- c Sir Coarles has placed this matter in my hands. ond will be kind euough not to inter- fera, I put in,;as I drew forth the letters, and, Ojwmpg tbe packet.tookoufc a lett-r. Seeing that Master George 'was ready to make a spring upofi the others if I put them h the table, I tbruat them ih-o my pocket,, And, advancingto the lamp, coolly commenced to read toe one I had in my hand, although X knew the contents would not guide me to anything. However, I took great c»re to watch my agitated friend out of the corner of my eye. : 1 Good writing for a ghost/ I muttered, loudly enough for the others to hear—1 almost too. good.; but there is; a miatinesa about them, which becomes a peraofi of so little .BahBtanQe., - 1 : : I then drew a letter from the other end of '' the packet, opened it, and read ttiat. Sir CharleB,' said I quickly, 'have you any - of those forged bills handy t' . He pointed to ihe same drawer, and I soon had the bills - in my hand, comparing Ahem with the. letter. . This.ia too bad !' 'cried George Standing. " Is tbe honofiir of the family to be 'placed in this fellow's hafids--a low policeman ?,f ,a Better- trust the bofiofir of ; the family in my hands than- in 'those of some people J know,' Sir Charles. Are you prepared for a" great surprise— an agreeable one, I hope, but one which may tax your strength to the utmost?' ; . ' Go on. I am HI, but I can bear all/ 'Some of these letters, wherein your son asks for pardon, are no ;doubt genuine ; the others are forgeries"/ ;-,sFotksrie'sT 'Yea ;andtheman who forged those letters fprged the biHs/ tT: 'Great heavens ' ; - George grew Ashen White, ' It's af fact, and I can prove it,' said I. ' Your soashallproye it/ ' My- fioa 1 He is dead!' cried the baronet, an angry shade gathering Ion hifi, face.,; . _ .; ' ; - - ' , . ' Be calm, fie is not ' dead. : Y on baW'no ghost-you heard nb1 gbost- but you did see yofir'son in the flesh. Now, be calm/ - ; "' ramcalm. 'Whcreas -heT' demanaed Sir Hharfevsifearly. - ' Here !' criedJHerbert. / And tbe nexfc momeut he was kneelin? at -his father's bedsidp- : - ' - ' " I shall not easTly forget theglauce of hatied. George gave rne at ihat mbment. : : . As soon as the father and son were calm enouab/lsaiti i ; 'We had better wind this little matter- up W 7 quickly afid Quietly - as -p03sf bib. ; Sir 1 Charles, Wih your permission I will; take; a chair. Geatlemen, I pray you will .«U bfi, calm and keep your tempers. Remember I accuse, nobody; and the shorter your AuSwecs.- are the quicker will this paiafui scene be five. Firetof alh Mr. Lester," how cajmp you t6 be playing; ghost in your oWn <f ather'B houte. . ' ' - - After 1 was -Accused of all sorts of; crimes, by the advioe of George I started for America. J was shipwrecked, and having heard that my father refused his foWiv®aete, I: made toy way West; Alt Las, all other tieB being broken, - I determined to returh home, face thy fate, and prove my icnoobnce I communicated with George, who told' me it wfis."madness ; that my father had a iwarrant r ofit againn the, and T could expect no ' metcy. Still, I yeturded; and being acquainted with a' secret passage which led froto the old towey In the grounds; la Vailed myself of it, determined to discover what baleful influence was at work' to keep my father's heart so femn me. Knowing the, ways of jthis old bouse, I was able to glide aboutiikeja ghoat. , At last I was discovered by this gentleman ; whilst playing my ruother's harp ' ' Great iieavsas T murmured the baronet, olaspio hisA.Mn bafidsr . ' . ' i think moet ghost' stories could be as easily explained as this one/ -said L if peiople Would but tet ahoat blearing up the matter coolly. Go on, Mr. Herbert—go on, ; Air/ - The dread of being tried for forgbry kepjb me avay some rime. At last I ven tared fiii. I wished k tp obtain ..the forged. docutnentB, prove my and thenfather, hu'mbiy crave your mercy. . 0tf , course diriecily G«oe heard pt the bostf - he.khew wbo it Wa k: - He attempted ray Info in ' toe Bb-'called haunted chamber. I Was wounded, and by the blood marks this gentfcm&n; trscsd me to tbe old, lumber room. My etoiy is told— find,, father. | I am here r . I never could do the pa&betlc; toefyess, and my eyes are not given-.' to weeping, but they ware damp then, .and- 1 had a naaty lump in: ,-ipyjthmat.-- = ,lPi. > U- y. < ' iAtXast Sir Charles released his sou, and, fcurning to George Standing eaid ; . ' ; <Gsorg4'Standing, y QUihave hed all that Aas passed; GWyoitdotayflt;? Nay, .do not t evln yeur thro&t.; . GopleBB au, and I wiRnotf poly Id te ;?alfWbu"|hat ybfi sbatt viol be ; punished, but settle bq <you a moifest pom' , listener Which you eafiliye abroard, vtoers, yonr antecedents wilt be unknown. Thlokr before you answer— -for your choice ja final/ « '/'fee thought for a moment, and than said, eulkife : ' = :--j Well, I confers that I did lay the trap -into which both Sir Charles and Herbert felL The stake was worth the risk, and, bold as toe ItQfcouree I trtea to 1 V«ht h. m£SmZ unon ' WA? ®af!9- triune turned . ® catne bftck. You know the » ffflt Cin- your crlmea to paper. >By \U n 8b i I &gate; the allowiifioe I conamuuicatioas between, tie must Wito fU?y Go I'; ; » , a haH-deCaut Air. ; she voamr folio '» if ft tbf i'f b-, XoootellowShimdtdrninx t -Pd son .alone, Afi. oloaed toe door, I heard Sir Clarlet 