TOPICS OF THE WEEK. The crisis which has compelled the Ministry to throw the tariff overboard, and endeavour to make port with the Electoral Bill only, has been brought abbot by the in trod action of anew feature into politics— government by sectional caucuses. Two groups of members, calling themselves "countryparties,"have done fee mischief. They have weakened the Ministry, divided a united party, and given the Opposition a plausible excuse for blocking public business. It is an open secret that - the spokesmen for the farmers in Parliament and out of it werC asking for more than they would have been content to take when they drew up their bill ot particulars. The liberal offers spontane ously made by the Ministry would have given temporary—if not permanent—satisfaction, and the time to have demanded more would have been at the hustings at the ensuing general election. The " country parties," by their action, have encouraged the farmers' delegates to hope ior too much, *or -to bid too high; and the Tesult now is that [they will get a great deal less than the Assembly-would willinglyhave votedhad not two small sec tions of the* House, responsible to nobody, taken npon themselves the functions of- the Government, and framed a policy for Parlia ment Government by party means-govern ment by the majority ot Parliament for the time being—a united'^majority. If the Ministry iB deaf to the requirements of the country, the thing to do. is turn it outj and call in new men. That Is the straight way of going to work. The underhand way is to hold hole-and-corner meetings. Busybodies like Mr. Hall, of Moira,;-are tempted to form themselves into parties,* and meet round a table to determine what is good for the people, because they have no immediate prospect of getting into office, and yet have1 a craving for power of some-kind. The only possible consequence is the disruption of the Government, and the bringing of the Opposi tion to the front When Mr. Hall gobs promenading before his constituents as one of the bosses of the country party, the electors of Moira will know whom to thank for losing the tariff, and probably also the extra representation they have been led to expect under the Electoral Bill.' The colloquy, lasting about, three-quarters of an hcur, between the colliery proprietors and the miners' delegates at Newcastie^abun dantly proves that neither side is ypt in a mood for compromise,and perhaps it. would be better for theweil-meaningcommittee of citizens to let the . parties alone for a little while longer. Itiavain trying to reconcile estranged people wliile their blood is up or their stomachs proud. The mail did not strike without being prepared to repiala Idle for some weeks, ondthe masters have been providing for teome time. paet against a likely storage of work. Unless a power stronger than either or bo^h is prepared: to interfere, the more politic course into leave»them to tiiemselvea jqc, a weekjpr.two. -The. miners eeemtobe count ing . on -large weekly ^hitibetiona upm>t|e labour prgau^tionB; apeae of - tha. Vic torian so^tira-^ucih. as toeg-ldmihers, J&mt-bea;$-$r*srte/Mj' are a* made, liberal promises The, eiithinetiofpf 'ffai .„'hsa^|e realised jteet^^iat pfls.4>er head from,f^O00flnaivi furnishptrike par at <he<fpte«;|^ .tpt £he patyerf.pn r"*3- ' JWiUf^tributioMf^mT ground. t^e fortijcoip' yh/tn ,wotkmep. ai praploymeui in ail the coal supply failing? It seems most im probable, and the strike, from the miners' point of view. therefore looks ill-judged and rash. The men have been precipitated Into a campaign for which they have arranged no commissariat Their leaders talk ot send ing orators round the colonies to stimulate working men into subscribing, but it mnst be beyond the powers of even Mr. Melville to stir up feeling in support of miners who are proved to be earnibg better wages than the average artisan, and working a fewer number of hours per day. Mr. Mel ville'8 enthusiasm is not of the boiling over kind, because, like other people, he hardly knows what the men are striking for. Qe is more angry with Mr. Curley for not answering his telegrams for facts and figures than indignant with the masters for refusing to give way. How could Mr. Curley give him facts and figures when the sum and substance of the grievance has to be generalised into "the unequal dtvision of wealth." It is bard to believe that 6,000 able-bodied, sturdy men, many of them fathers of families, would wantonly and tecklessly throw down their picks at the bidding of three or four mischief makers who have been reading Henry George, and misunderstanding that peculiar econo mist The public, however, like Mr. Melville, have no intelligible facts to go upon. What they want explained is how it is that some miners make £4 and £5 a week, which they do, when others say they don't earn above £2 in the same mine Ie it because some are more skilled than others, or because they do not all work with equal industry, or stop the tull number of hours in the mine? Or is coal-mining a haphazard occupation, like card- playing, where the luck is not at all proportioned to the amount of energy ex pended upon it? Having placarded the Newcastle district | with bills announcing that all men pursuing their lawful calling would be protected against intimidation—one of the first prin ciples of liberty—Sir Henry Parkes should have been ready with the strong arm of law J to enforce his proclamation, which other- j wise amounts to so much bombast. After Tuesday's proceedings we may expect violence and bloodshed unless the Government put an army of police in the field, or the pro prietors of the email collieries give up the attempt to load coal. It ie the first breaking of water through an embankment. Is the embankment to stand, or are we to have a catastrophe I K&ch; time the miners are addressed at a pnblic meeting they are coun selled to abstain from violence, but the pub lic do not know what is said to tbem by their leaders and guides in private, or what watch words pass from mouth to mouth. Their quarrel is with the associated pito wners, and one can hardly understand why they should object to coal which has been brought to the surface at small collieries not in the vend being taken away, unless they desire to win | the sympathy And goodwill of the public by putting the public to inconvenience. Coal j that has been mined ought to be considered done with, bo far as the miners are con cerned, and beyond their jurisdiction, and we do not see bow they can be advantaged by keeping it in the district. From their point of view the sooner every available ton ib sold, carted away, and burned, the better. However, they have got the idea into their I headB that the mere touching of a piece of ] loose coal is an infraction of Lheir rights, and as they have no means of amusing them selves, except holding "beer picnics," or making "demonstrations," it is an easy matter to muster 1,000 men and women to jeer and throw stones at half a dozen "blacklegs." Tuesday's disturbance was marked by sneaking cowardice on the part oi the Btonethrowers, and heroism on tbe part of the workmen, especially the one who went on working after being struck on tbe head. There is yet time for Sir Henry Parka to assert and prove the superior strength of the law, but an attitude of masterly inactivity on the part of all the colliery proprietors would have its recom mendations. The danger to be apprehended is the lawless and mean-spirited few be- j coming the directors and leaders of the miners, the great body of whom are shown even by Tuesday's riot to be possessed I of self-control and respect for authority. Providence was kind to the Legislativ Assembly of South' Australia when tb Chinese Bill was in committee, causing deep sleep to fall upon Mr. Rowland Keei Sir. Rees in his waking hours is constantl in evidence. It is like turning on theYa Yean. Dean Swift, when meditating o ■volubility of speech in persons who have nc much to Bay, was led to think of a cor gregation coming out of church. If th congregation is few the people get oi quickly; when there is a crowd, the passage and doorways become blocked, and th . building empties slowly. He infers that me of many ideas are Blow of speech. Mr. Ree m>y he likened unto a church containing small congregation of ideaa He emptie quickly; but as fast as the words come ot they go in again; and the flow proceed uninterruptedly. The Assembly consequent! jeli deeply grateful to the hon. member ft ' gouig to sleep early in the sitting. Seven dole divisions occurred—one where th nhmbltoequal —but it was coi the payic intew8to < r J;:^he, %»ill than to wake Mr. Rei he knew which side 1 : srtiklhEu '-The'' wit of the House remarkc :%»at it beb' the' first time he had given IB*®*"*' Ward W \---«Cfcimirtfctee8) ruled, with grei Jaig,- that iw was not bout " rpbtice of the fact that ■"6duting: - the dii llntr: to May, i he fats beai : :i*fety to hsw itr. aroused, Parliament would quickly pass an act indemnifying bitn, and perhaps raise hia salary as Chairman. Mr. Ward is said, by South Australians, to be the best Chairman of Committees in the live colonies. South Australia is a collection ot individual cham piona This case proves that Mr. Ward's tact and readiness are as great as were those of Mr. Speaker Lalor, whose dexterity in dodging a point of order, j when necessary, waa " the theme of general admiration" in the Victorian Assembly. The ; simpler and easier the question calling forde- j cision, the more likely was Mr. Lalor to ask ! time from the House to look np the! authorities. He adjourned one question until next session. If Mr. Gaunson were to fall asleep by accident—he would not do bo by deBign—would Mr. Speaker Davies have him waked up? We are convinced he would ! not Mr. Davies, though he has not Mr. j Lalor's wit, possesses excellent tact—tact as j gentle and soft as velvet When the next I spring cleaning and refornisning takes place in the Chamber, certain of the Opposition I benches should be stuffed with hops. 1 How very seldom anything comes of an intercolonial conference. Representatives of the various Governments meet, confer, and agree upon some joint scheme which com mends itself to general approval, and after a time it is either dropped or bo modified by this colony and that as to lose all its original character. One reason, we believe, why con ferences so frequently lead to differences in stead of harmony, is that the Governments j taking part in them dally too long after they j get home. Legislation ought to follow im mediately after the conference ; it does not, however. Opportunity is lost, and the public J mind becomes occupied with other subjects. A few months back the Government of this colony were tremendously in earnest over tire exclusion of the Chinese. We need not re peat how they went beyond the law during the scare. A conterence met in Sydney to frame a new enactment, which enactment has not been since heard of in this colony, and it is possible the session may close with out steps being taken to bring it into effect. A measure toliowing the exact lines of the conference agreement was read a second time in the Queensland Assembly last week, and agreed to by both aides of the House. Some of the members would have made it more stringent, some less stringent, but how far their seutiments were genuine it is impossible to Bay. There are always one or two odd persons who try to be original by pretending to go further, or not so tar, as the common sense majority. For instance, several talked of expelling the Chinese already in the colony, which is claptrap, if the bill is altered in committee it will only be in some trifling particulars. In the South Australian Assembly, on the other hand, a substantial alteration has been made. This is to be re gretted. The conference bill only lets the Chinese enter at the rate of one to every 500 ship tons; the South Australian Assembly has reduced the minimum to 259 ship tons. Wbat is the good of one colony standing out from the rest and having &n; independent minimum ? The invasion we are all alraid of is the one that threatens to come via the Northern Territory, and the police authorities at Port Darwin report that the bulk of the Chinese immigrants arriving there ot late are thieves and vagabonds. The local Chinese merchants view the invasion with as much alarm as the police. A reduction of the minimum to 250 ship tons will make a ma terial difference or it will not. In either case, to alter it is a mistake, because the occasion is one on which the Australian colonies should prove their earnestness by absolute una nimity. Tasmania ia fortunate in being able to | temporise with its financial difiicultiea There is a etanding deficit, which is left to take care of itself. The Fysh Ministry goes through the form each year of proposing new taxation to Parliament, and of abandoning its scheme before the session is over, because one House is hostile. There is nothing else i to legislate about but taxation, but the j Ministry is incapable of lormuiating plans j which are worth sticking to. The people are. desirous of having the deficit cleared off, bat the Legislature makes wry mouths at Mr. i FjbIi's remedies, which Mr. Fysh admits to be bad by not attempting to press them. < The Premier has a majority in the Assembly,; and says the people are with him ;at the same time he allows the Council to reject bia policy, and contents himself with a. mild protest, or by telling his supporters that he will try again next year, until which time things can wait. The deficit has arisen, we imagine, because borrowing for railway con struction has imposed new charges on the annual revenue, which the revenue is unable to meet The railways for which the loans were raised have been made, but they are not yet paying interest—indeed, one or two of the new lines are not paying working expenses. Rut in an eaBy-going colony like Tasmania, where people live to a great age, and there ia no hurry, that does not matter. If the lines do not start off by paying they will pay in time, and for the present the deficit must just be allowed to grow. The Tasmanians are already a well-taxed people, and cannot be charge* with shirking their hardens. They have much to contend against Population does not increase nor settlement develop in their island at the rate that obtains on the continent of Australia. They are cut off from the mainland by the sea, arid hostile tariffs. This colony, which ought to be in close co-operation with Ta8manla, regards it as a hostile Competitor, and abuts its pradncte out of tbeMelbourrie market Yet there is or should be' intimate relation ship ofa butineas kind between the two eolonies. Much Victorian capital has been profitably invested in gold ar tin •wining, and no Victorian Commissioner of Custonis has proposed to put an :itnport duty on dividends. Mr. Fysh, the Tasthanlitn Premier, fails in bis various stdremM,r<sio J doubt, becaut* they are narrdw-sjpirited and oedantte. Lut rear be hoped mania prosperous by excluding commercial travellers from Victoria, and by taxing " foreign " banks having agencies in Hobart and Lannceston. This year one of bis noBtruuis was a special duty designed to punish Tasmanians who might be tempted to invest their savings in Australian or foreign enterprises. These colonies will best prosper when scope is given to capital to flow back wards and forwards like the tide. But, un fortunately, we have each begun with a policy of individual exclneiveness; and the Tas manians are, at worst, only pushing pro tection a little farther than we are. Deep and widespread regret will be felt throughout the English speaking and reading world at the untimely death of Mr. B. A. Proctor, the well-known and popular writer on astronomy and other scientific subjects. To those who heard him lecture here some eight or nine years ago, and Btill more to those who had the privilege of meeting bim, the sudden death of the genial and energetic scientist will be that of an old and valued friend. The aspect under which Mr. Proctor appeared most prominently before the public was that of a popular writer on astronomy, one who by light and readable articles in the magazines made familiar to the unscientific reader the resnlts obtained by the astro nomical observer and calculator, which, em bodied in technical and generally unin telligible language, are to be found either in ponderous treatises or in the equally ponderous volumes of the learned societies. That Mr. Proctor possessed in a very un- j usnal degree the art of making abstract and j difficult sobject8 clear to the unlearned is quite true, though, as we shall afterwards Bee, he had other and higher gifts. The art of the popul&riser; is one that is very liable to j be ondervalned, not only by the technical scientist bat also by the general reader. If the writer does his work well it seems so clear and simple that one is inclined to | think it quite easy, something that almost anybody oonid da As a matter of fact to | expound a difficult subject clearly is by no j means easy, as besides other gifts it requires I a thorough knowledge and grasp of the question. Still rarer is the ability to make ! such a subject fascinating or even interest ing to the average mind, and this was what Mr. Proctor did with astronomy in an un usu&l; degree. In order to see this one has only to compare his writings with the books on popular astronomy, so called, of a genera tion or two ago—all that was attempted then was to pat the ordinary truths of the science in language as clear and nutechnical as possible. There was seldom any effort to bring out those aspects of the subject that should appeal to the dullest imagination, the reason being that the writers, though under standing their subject as far as it went, had no originality or independence of mind. They could merely expound what they had been themselves taught Mr. Proctor, on the other hand, possessed in a striking degree in tellectoal freshness and independence. The consequence was that in Riving the reBults obtained by others he at the eame time gave hUown views of the subject, which wereoiten marked by a good deal of nov-lty an J eviu daring. Ilence one Beldom read an article of his, eveu on the most well-worn question, without getting a new view oi liie matter, and beinc stimulated to iresli thought about it- Although it cannot be said that Mr. Proctor made nny definite astronomical dis coveries—(he specialist-, at least, will not admit that he did—he brought out in a way that had never been done before certain striking views on the constitution of the solar system and the physical universe The question treated of in the once famous book, The Plurality of Worlds, as to whether the other bodies of oar system are inhabited, was pinned in quite a iresh '.ig'ut by Mr. Victor, who tfas probably the first to put together in a connected form the knowledge we possess as to the present condition of the varions piauets, deducing therefrom the in ference that; except the Eart . an. iK-ii-aps Mars, they are either, like the Jar,;.- r-uwu planets, in too early a stage of cooling and condensation to support life, or, like the small interior planets, worn-out worlds similar to our moon. Another secret of Mr. Proctor's popularity is that he was no mere specialist Astronomy, though his favourite study, was only one ot numerous subjects on which he brought bis mental powers to bear for the enlightenment of the public. Many will remember bow, -when he was visiting these colonies, he took in bund the " fifteen " puzzle, which was then all the rage, and contributed to onr columns an .exhaustive investigation of the problem, showing the two conditions under which s solution was possible or impossible. Latterly, too, be wrote . a good deal about whist, a game of which be was an excellent practised exponent, his special objects being to dis countenance the elaborate system of signalling that baa grown np in connection with the game, and which he denounced ss a deviation from true whist Another subject which greatly interested him was gambling and games of chance, and he ex pended a good deal of energy in demonstrating the futility of the various methods by which gamblers think they can secure fortune to theiraide. Any curioua aud'difficult problem Which required an exercise of the analytical faculty hod always a charm for bira, and one of -hls'lsst publications was a brochure entitled Watched by Vie Dead, an attempt to complete the plot of Dickens's half-told story, 'Ihe [Mystery of Edwin Drood. Mr. Proctor makes a striking remark in con hectfon wtth JDickcnB's novels, and that is tbkt frt all of thetU after. Pickwick there is onh particular idea or theme, which is that of a person.generally but not always a criminal, matched at every turn by some one £qr whomiis fee}*; nothing bat contempt Re Bbowe bb^fot instance, in,Oliver Twitt, 'The Old Cutjiosily Stop, Hornbey and. Son, David Coppirfield, Bleak Hous', A Tati' qf f$*6:':Oitiet. ind Great Etepeclalione, the | theme appears in-a comparatively simple form, and only as a subordinate part of the plot Mr. Proctor having dwelt at length npon this remarkable feature in Dickens's novele, considers that the great writer was almost certain to introduce some variation of his favourite idea in his last book, and comes to the conclusion that the solution of the mystery is that £dwin Drood was not dead, but was continually watching bis would-be murderer Jasper under the disguise oi Datchery. The denotiement, which Dickens took great pains to conceal from even his most intimate friendB, would, according to Mr. Proctor, hare been one of the most powerful and dramatic in all Dickens's writings, perhaps in all fiction. Jasper is to be con fronted with Edwin Drood, is to be forced to Miss Sapsea's monument, into which in quicklime be believes that he has cast Edwin's body, to grope there for the diamond ring which he thinks is now the sole evidence of his crime. The finale, as worked out by Mr. Proctor, is as follows1" As he holdB up the; lantern, shuddering at the thought of what it may reveal to him, he sees his victim with stern look fixed on him—pale, Bilent, relentless I With a shriek of horror, (the 'ghost* of that awful cry had been heard before by Durdles) Jasper casta down the lantern, and dies from the tomb. But even as he rushes forth he is faced by two men, from whom he tarns, utterly unnerved by the horror ot the tomb, to seek the only path of escape, the winding staircase of the tower. They l'oliow him closely, Neville first, Tartar close by him, Drood himself a few steps behind Tartar, and Crisparkle following. Seized by Neville at the top of the staircase, Jasper turns and struggles fiercely with the man he hates. Neville receives his death-wound, bat lives long enough to know that his namej has been cleared; Tartar, Drood, and Crisparkle capture Jasper, and the villain is cast into prison, but uot until he has been confronted by his supposed victim and by Grewgions, and made to feel bow, while he supposed himself safe, every movement of his had been known to them and watched by them. In the knowledge that Tartar loves Hoaa, and is loved by tier, Jasper's punishment is complete." Last week we made reference to the fast express which had been put on between London and Edinburgh from the 1st August by the Great Northern Ilailway Company. The London and North-Western has fol lowed suit, and two rival trains ran a dailr race from the English to the Scotch capital. There is a slight advantage in favour of the Great Northern route; it is more direct, though the saving in miles does not amount to mueh, and the line is laid over pretty level country, while between Carlisle and Edin burgh, on the western route, there are alti tudes of 1,003ft and 880. t to surmount On both lines the run is made in eight hours, nomin .liy, but ituctu-.lly takes iess, as from three to seven initiates have been saved on some days. One thing to remark is the long distances travelled without stopping. The Great Northern train goes straight through irutn King's Cross to Grantham—105 miles; it has been the practice to make that long ran lor years, but not at the new rate of 54 miles an hone. The London and North-Western train keeps up an average of 52J miles from Eustou to Crewe, a distance of 158$ miles, and the locomotive is, therefore, going at racing pace, without drawing breath, for exactly three hours. And it ia worth noticing that the locomotive used on the opening day was one which had been built £5 years back in the company's workshops at Crewe—" a Rams bottom," with a driving wheel 6ft 6in. in diiuieter. On the western route the fastest running is done over the mountainous country—54 miles—while on the eastern route an average of 55 is '.attained between Grantham and York, but north of that point (where the train enters tne 3)otem of the North - Eastern Com pany; .lie rate t-:!ls to 50$, k.ivi.'ig room f< r considerable acceleration. The question is usked whether this racing can he kept up, and whether there is r.ecd for shch tre mendoos speed, with all the serious risks that attend on rapid travelling. Probably the fight, having been begun, will be con tinued, aa the competition for through traffic is keen, and the company that does the smartest things gets to be the mosl talked about Mr. Speight's old company—the Mid land—seems to be quite out of the contest for the present, as its fastest train. takes an hour and three-quarters more than either of the racers. But its management is the most enterprising in England, and some daring in novation may be looked for from it The travelling public in these colonies may con gratulate themselves on not yet having to go in for these dizzy speeds. The latest sensation in London has been the daring exploit of a young American acrcncn!, Mr. J. S. Bnldwin, which if it lias not demonstrated anything new in the way of ballooning, has beenatallevents almost areve lation as to what may be achieved by tinman courage, daring, and presence ol mind. Mr. Baldwin—of course he calls himself "Pro fessor "—was in hiB early days a gymnast, an occupation likely to afford an excellent train ing for an aeronaut He snbseqnently made a study of ballooning, and, 'with the aid of a parachute said to have been invented by Mr. Farini, s purveyor of startling sensa tions to the London public, tie has per formed in ^America a, number of- extra ordinary descents-from the clouds. On Saturday, July 26, he first showed bis quality to the Londoners, by making sn sscent from the Alexandra Palace. His balloon has neither car, ballast, nor grappling irons, as is venal, hot attached to it by a slip-knot is a parachute which constitutes the special feature in the apparatus. Unlike the ordinary parachute, it has a bole *£ the top nbotit 14 inches in diameter, the object of %bich is to balance the ©uradmte And keep it steady?' r At the bottom of U are two small tingsi ajvifcaMwin takes hold of these and ia carried up by the balloon. On reach* ing a certain elevation be pulls the slipknot, and this frees'/the parachute from the balloon. In an instant he begins to descend ' with great velocity—aomething like 12ft a second, the parachute expends, the ptce is slackened, and the aeronaut la safely depo sited on term fir ma. Attending to Baldwin the whole secret oi his'success lies in the construction of the parachute, though it is obvious that the iron'nerve of the man counts for a good deal To he swung up several thousand feet into the air, not (as Ia nsual) comfortably. seated in a balloon, bat hanging by toe hand? from a couple of rings like a gymnast^ and then to rash down to earth again aftuchedto each a f rail.strncture ae the parachute, is hp'ObViuary feat. Like most extraordinary achievements which lairgely depend for their succetf tin the personal element, Mr. Baldwin's nerformanoe is hardly likely to advance ballooning as a practical art tor average human beings, butit | is impossible to refuse our admiration of the skill and nerve which the American aeronaut I displays in his aerial journeys. 