Castle Hill. THE "GHOST" LAID.—After all the commotion caused by the alleged appearanoe of a ghost at Castle Hill, the affair has turned out to be a clever hoax. It is alleged that the surveyor at the camp, no doubt finding the evening very wearisome in tbe heart of the buBh, concocted the "apparition," and spread the report of its supposed existence. This had the desired effect ot attracting many people to tbe spot, and so the camp became lively after dark. The "ghoBt" itself was a pieoe of phosphorus attachc 1 to a long string, which communicated with the surveyor's tent. The phosphorus being intensely inflammable when exposed to the oxygen of the air, was kept nnder the water in the creek until the crowd commenced their search, when it was bobbed np and down by the person at the other end of the string. It was seen—but no one went near enough to discover the fraud. The other evening a party went out to the epot to see if the "ghost" was there after the camp had been broken np. Someone living near had been let into the secret by the surveyors, and endeavoured to reproduce the mystery; but, on account of eome bungling, the string wan discovered, and the affair WBB exploded. The ;host scene, therefore, wound up with hearty lughter, and the party scattered—in search of other spirits—this time with no apparent fear or trembling. - THE BOAT BACB,—W. Jay, not feeling satisfied with the beating given him by W. Newland on the Berowra Creek last Saturday week, is desirous of meeting his opponent fain, this time on the Parramatta River. ewland is perfectly willing to come to terms providing the stake is raised to £10 a-side; otherwise he will retire upon his laurels. Some days ago about 80 inmates ofthe Parramatta Asylum for Insane (including men and women) were treated to a picnic on Carrington Hill. They were accompanied by Dr. Godson and Mr. Wharf, and they spent a very pier nant morning and afternoon. Mr. Purser, with his usual liberality, sent the poor creatures a quantity of oranges and other fruit, and it goea without saying that the gift was thoroughly enjoyed. We stated some days ago that Mr. Hardie, of the well-known firm of Hardie and Gorman,. had bought some land at Castle Hill for orchard purposes. The land, which is about 40 acres in area, was known as Whiteside's property, and it adjoins Mr. Purser's young orchard. About six or seven men are now employed clearing it, and a substantial wire fence has been erected round it. Castle Hill is growing out of all knowledge. Scrub clearing is the order of the day, and places which a few months ago were dense bush are now smiling with the green bloom of baby orange trees. Tho frnit crops> are in great profusion this year, and the output of apples promises to be very large. At Mr. Purser's the trees are literally bent beneath the weight of apples, both cooking and eating; while plums, which have elsewhere been scarce this year, are being collected in abundance in the Castle Hill district. At Mr. Joe Fuller's the peaoheB are perfect giants, and he also has eome magnificent lemon trees which the genial Joe says can't be beaten. Truly the specimens of fruit we saw were veritable Gargautuas. They looked more like young pumpkins than lemons. FIRE AT MURRAY BROTHERS.'—Through the :ompt action of a young man named>~ undera, id the activity of No 1 Fire Brigade, a seiious conflagration was averted on Sunday last. Mr. Saunders waB proceeding along Marsden-street, by the Hospital, when he noticed a volume of smoke arising from the back of Messrs. Murray Brothers' premises. Fearing mischief, he immediately scaled thetwofenoes, and discovered top of theyard. \ gave the alarm, and in a few moments the No. 1 Fire Brigade hose reel was on the spot, and, under the direction of Captain Prntt, the water waB playing on the fire in about twelve minutes from the time Mr. Saunders had seen the smoke. Had any time been lost in obtaining water, and had the fire been allowed to extend about six feet, nothing could have saved the entire block, as there were 60 cases of kerosene within a few yards of where the fire occurred, and a lii '.le further away the oil and colour warehouse. No. 2 Fire Brigade, under Lieut. Bell, arrived on the scene with their hose reel shortly after No. 1; but as the fire had been extinguished their services were not called into requisition. It is surmised that the fierce rayB of the sun striking on a piece of glass must have ignited the straw. Only a few cases and some rubbish were burned. As OTHERS SEE US.—Referring to the vote of £250 to the Mayor of Parramatta for Centennial celebration purposes, <he Bsthurat 7finei says:—"If district residents wish to 'demonstrate* they will huve to travel to the metropolis to do so, unless, indeed, his Worship the Mayor and his colleagues of the Council are desirous of taking advantage of the Munioipalitiea Act in the same way as the Parramatta Council. The latter body have utilised the provision in the Municipalities Act 1867, which permits the corporation to vote for its Mayor an annual sum as 'Mayoral allowance.' . They have granted him an amount of £260 ' for the Municipal year, 1887-8, ending February 2nd,' the vote so made to be expended in Centennial demonstrations. There can be no doubt that a proceeding of this kind is a violation of the law, if not in ttie letter, in the spirit. It was never intended that a mayoral allowance should be voted at the close of the year, or that it should be appropriated to any one purpose. A loophole, however, has been left, and perhaps, under the circumstances, the Parramatta Council are not to be blamed for taking advantage of it in order that their historic locality may have some sort of celebration of its own. If they are Btraining the law, tbey are only following the example of the Central Government, nearly every item of whose Centennial programme bears the slur of illegality or injustice. We do not say that our Council should vote a sum in a similar manner to that passed by tbe Parramatta body. Circumstances alter cases, and we do not know whether the Parramatta Council have an overdraft or not. But if onr Council want a precedent, they can find it in Parramatta." " i 