THE STORY-TELLER, THE LADY PIANIST. [Bit Sibella B. Edgoomk.] " Evening parties attended by a proficient pianist; terms, by the hour, as required, and moderate. For particulars apply within." Thus stood the duly lithographed words graoing a highly ornamented card placed face to face with every passer-by in one of the'busiest shops in Crommerton. Not, of course, that Crommerton was a specially influential oity, or anything of the kind, in fact. On the contrary, it was only a small provincial town, where tradesman vied with tradesman aB to superiority in either this or that, as the case might be, and the various other classes in the place did ditto. There was somewhat of a throng of cus tomers at that moment within Mrs. U.agB bury's shop. Every one seemed to deBire to be served at once, which feat was not of course possible. Christmas cards lay about in profusion waiting for inspection, and numerous were the enquiries as to the price of this iilumioated speoimen and that. At this particular instant some one else entered, and in a Bomewhat gruff voice de manded, as if he did so muoh against bis own will, whether anybody oould give him any particulars abont that card there; and he pointed, as he spoke, towards the shop front. "Was the fellow worth his salt ?" he added, and so on. To which sort of attack Mrs. Bragsbury replied that it wasn't a "fellow" at all to whom the lithographed notioe in question bore reference, bat to a young lady. "Ob, that's it; is it!" was the response. " Worth anything 1" "Worth a great deal, sir," was Mrs, Brags bury's retort, bristling up considerably as she spoke, "I should not else—excuse me— have encouraged the affair, Sir. I always know a young lady when I see one." This last declaration seemed definitive in Mrs. Brsgsbury's opinion. " But, mjr good soul" he began. The growing frown, however, visible upon Mrs. Bragsbury's face served to remind him that he had already gone tar enough. "I'll give you the addresB," she said, shortly, "if that's what you require. The young lady is a stranger here—just arrived in the place. It's my belief, too, that she's of better birth than most people, but of course that's not my business," There was a Blight amount of venom in the speech thus dealt out. Mrs. Bragsbury con sidered that her personal dignity had been treated somewhat lightly, and suoh was her mode of recompense. "Certainlynot. Thatfact either won'tserve to help her two straws in the battle of life— that's a sure case; perience. But I _ addresB. I know well enough now where the e oase; a- at least that's my ex perience. But I'm obliged to you for the piace is, " Exciting, aggravating sort oi people)" as Mrs. Bragsbury observed, soornfally, later on. "They consider every one that isn't born with a silver spoon in his mouth little better than the dust in the street. I haven't patience with snch folks." Meanwhile a scene of a rather dtnerent kind was being enacted in a small, scantily furnished home not very far away. A beau tiful girl sat near the window bnsily engaged in erewelwork, intended for sale. As she had j just said, if she couldn't succeed in one thing she must in anr> hier, Matters had now come to that poio* Advertising in tbs newspapers for pnpUB of any kind seemed utterly useless. No answers ever eame. The notioe, too, in the fancy stationery shop had proved a failure. "The postman, child, has he passed the window yet 1" BBked mother, putting her head In at the door as the question fell. " Not even the ghost of him. I'm so sorry, mother mine." And the beautiful speaker had ail at once, as if under the infinenoe of Bndden impulse, cast on one Bide her lovely needlework and risen to her feet. " It breaks my heart almost to think that this trouble all comeB through my own doing. There be lieve me, won't you?" And then the eoft arms were laid aronnd mother's neck, and the latter could only answer that it had not been Hermine's fault at all—quite the con trary. Each trneted the other fully; that fact was only too evident. "We are here now, and must therefore make the best of things," went on mother, quietly. "The home that we have lost through no fault of yours, chiid, must be forgotten. We will live only in the life that lies befors ns. Is that not so T" "YeSi that iB surely beBt," fell wbis peringly. And then came what both had wafted for all day—the postman's double knock. A letter indeed! Only that the wording ran differently to what was specially de sired :— " Yon have ohosen to leave the neighbour hood, but your present whereabouts has been traoed, and 1 still desire that yon should abide by my wishes. Why not f I offer yon everything that wealth can supply—posi tion in the social scale equal to your own in all reality. Why, I repeat, do you thus stand out in opposition to me. The lawsuit bas been decided against your mother, as von alreadv know, and vou are therefore penniless. Remember that. " The Squire of Menrosb." " Mother ; oh, mother, tell me," came ear nestly, "you do not wish that—that—then I should yield, after all ?" " No, obild. You please me beBt by acting as you do. Only that it all seems hard at times." Hermine knew this. She could not now have pretended anything to the contrary. But how had their present address been found out? both mused. Therein lay the puzzle. When poverty had fallen upon the widow and her daughter, with one feU swoop as it may be said, neither of them had flinched even a moment from the path that lay before them. The lawsuit, raised wholly at the squire's instigation, touehing some disputed property, was the result only of injured pride on hia part. If the handsome Hermine would not aocept hie hand ehe should pay a bitter penalty for each an act. And therefore to this had matters oome. Yes, Hermine would be true to her own ' sailor laddie"—in other words to the sailor lieutenant, who had stolen her heart; ay, how many'years ago?—almost, in fact, when they were little chudr hey were little children together. There came a thundering rat-tai-too at the front door at that moment, and quiok as lightning the busy worker in orewela had answered the summons. "Miss Willonghby—is she at home?" fell somewhat shortly and hastily. "That is my own name, fell simply in epiy- ., " I W18I _ wish to see Mies Willonghby on busi ness. then. You are prepared, I believe," and the speaker hastily changed his mode of addresB, " to perform danoe musio at evening parties ?' " I have been looking out for occupation of the kind, certainly." "Oh 1 see. Havn't done that kind of thing before, eh? Well, never mind. You can make a beginning now if you wish to do so. We have an affair as usual at home on Christmas Eve. A tree, yon know, and all that sort of thine. Then a good danoe for every one that likes it. We want a pro fessional pianist » t-eep everything agoing. Ton understand; don t you t" " Certainly, pray walk in a moment: so that I may note down address, and also hoar. Yon must also desire to know about terms," she went on, in a steady voice. Inwardly, however, her heart was beating fast. It was her first money bargain of the kind. Never before in the course of her life had her talents been thus on the actnal eve of bringing grist to the milL It was, in fact, a new experience, quite. " Tuts, Miss Willonghby," and the name fell somewhat too glibly, and also familiarly, to pleaBe the listener's taste. " We needn't waBte time over that part of the business. It's easily enough settled. A guinea down, and a good snpper. Such, I believe, is the usnal thing. Are yon satisfied ?" The aheeka of the listener had at one small portion of the last speeoh flashed crimson; bat Bhe bad the ready tact to control herself promptly, This was no occasion for indulging in over-refined feeling of any kind. A good snpper, too, waa certainly better than none at all. How stupid to allow such wording even to tonch her for a moment. " The terms will answer very well," ahe answered quietly, " and I hope you will on yonr side be satisfied with the bargain. I will be in Chitheram-square at 8 o'clook pre cisely," "All right," and he was once more in the open street. "I'm glad it's arranged. Don't on any account forget the supper, he added tn a somewhat lower tone, as if wishing to be speoially pleasant. " That's all given in, you know, and if you don't look sharp there may be some mistake about it," Christmas Eve came at last, with all its gladnesB and joy to how many of earth's children, with also its sense of bitter regret and ntter weariness of life to others, A considerable number of the inhabitants of Crommerton were all excitement, not only on acoount of the ordinary festive doings on tb 'Eve in question, bnt also in reference to the private ball whioh was to take place that evening at Sir Thomas Katohup's residence. Sir Thomas was rich. Consequently those who were invited deemed themselves specially favoured, whilst those who were not wisely contented themselves in envying those more highly favoured than themselves. ThuB ran the present tide of affairs in Crommerton. i As fiermine whispered in mother's ear, in her own soft musical voice, Christmas Eves could never again be like Christmas Eves of long ago. Could they 1 And mother, who, alas! knew this fact far too well, had only smiled thoughtfully in answer. Her daughter must be brave, she muBed. The life that now lay before her was a new one, and must be faced in true woman's fashion, forgetting surely all the past. If the man to whom she had simply and innocently plighted her faith, now well nigh six years ago, when in faot she was little more than 16, had not written to her for the past three years, she must yet oontinue to believe in him. Why not ? she reasoned. And then came a little Bigh, and Hermine went on arranging her one remaining evening dress. There was a very phalanx of carriages drawn up that evening in front of Sir Thomas 1Tnfnlin»?B aUftlfa A a Alva fl Mb fkoUO liAID, Ketchup's abode. As the first of these, how ever, had appeared upon the soene, discharg ing its airily equipped oconpant9, a alight pre liminary step had taken place within the ball room. The "person" who was to offioiate at the pianoforte for a stipulated sum, supper included, was patronislngly directed by Babe the footman in which direction of the spaoions saloon to find the instrument in question; and the next moment, with the air of a queen, as if, in faot, the entire room specially belonged to her, the new-comer had ewept gracefully, h&Btily;, however, acroBB the floor already duly prepared for the dancers, and taken her position in the place assigned her. Already she was removing her gloves. Many were the glances, some admiring, others merely expressive of cariosity, shot ia her direction; whilst more than one sort of half whiBper reached her ears in the shape of "My dear Lady Eatcbnp! where in the world did yon pick hemp 7 Who is she 7 TeU us all about ner 7" Oh, if the earth below would only open and swallow her up, was the one thoaght domi nant in Heraine's heart. She had not reckoned upon having to encounter anything of thiB kind. "Qnadrille, polka, waltz, galop," varied with an ocaasional set of "lancers," had been the only sort of pro gramme she had piotured to herself. Sir ThomaB himself had, however, by this time found his way across the room to her. "Glad to see jrou, Miss Wiilonghby," he said. "Was afraid yon might be late. If you require refreshment during the oonrse of the evening you must simply let me know ; and beyond everything," oame in alow voice, " don't forget the cupper." There was a eudden pause. The assembled | gneBte had all marshalled themselves duly into their respective places, and the master of the ceremonies clapped his hands. The next moment the ball bad opened. The taper fingers of the " profession manipulated oleverly. The opening quadrill was a marked success. The hours wore on. and still the heated and now Hushed pianist remained inde fatigably at her post. They were having their full guinea's worth, as the now over excited girl thought once more and yet again. "I met an old friend at Doppelton lost week—Carl Wentworth," she heard a voice saying almost olose behind her. " But I for got, you never knew him. He left the town before you settled in the place." There was a sadden pause—break rather, it seemed at that moment—in the inspiriting ring of the notes, causing the danoers to glanoe as if by one consent in the direction of the piano; end then the musical strain went on as before, only that it eeemed yet more biilliantly tnan ever." It was only a coincidence, of oonrse. She well knew that. But even the mere faot of such name being uttered thus within earshot had served to moke the pulses of her heart throb madly, but this only for the moment Another instant and the "professional" was herself again. " I tried hard to proonre an invitation for him here to-night," went on the voioe again, " but he's an odd fellow, it seems, and fights shy of ladies' society." ThemuBio of the .fashionable schottische went on brilliantly. The "professional" was evidently determined that her performance should come off in flying colours to night How many other evening engage ments might not depend upon the result of this her first venture ? The gentlemen crowded around at the end of the ecbottische with the view of tendering their thanks. They were simply in testacies, as all declared. Never before had "dance- music," eo called, been rendered ia Crcmmerton in such masterly fashion. They were each and all infinitely indebted to Miae and then came a pause, supple mented by the trifling item 01 information tbat the; had not yet been favoured with thd lady's name, "Miss Willonghby," came coldly, with a slight inclination of the speaker s head. " And now, if yon will permit me, I will go on with the programme," she added, stiffly, glancing onoe more in the direction of the master of the ceremonies. The gentlemen drew themselves away, as if by one consent. They were not accus tomed to meet with rebuffs of this nature. " Upon my word," fell aneeringly from one of them. " Miss Willonghby has mis taken her role, and imagines herself an em press. That's clear as daylight." And all the while the noteB of a well known favourite galop meanwhile rever berating cheerily throughout the assemblage, the beautiful "professional" was lost in a day dream of her own. What if her present performance should give such entire satisfac tion that the engagements should pour in upon her! Such would indeed be a suooess. All was forgotten save gratitude for this new opening in her path. The hour of midnigot was already approaching, and her cnge.-ah i now grown sadly weary. There was a sudden buzz of voiceB at the other end of the room. "Bravo, old fellow! Better late than never," fell in a loud clear voice above the general hum. " Bravo 1 Well—yeB, if you like to put it in that way," was the reply, dealt in a plea sant, manly voice. "Missed the train, the next stack in the enow, and the third brought me here." ' .Exactly like you," was the response, heartily given. " I'm supposed by most folks to be dead, I suppose. Wonder I'm not. Three years a prisoner in the hands of those Italian bri gands wbb well nigh as bad." And then there was a sudden rush towards the pianoforte, and all eyes were fixed in one direction. The lady pianist had fainted, and even as ! the faot made itself known the sailor had forced his way into the front of the orowd and stood faoe to face with the girl whom he loved eo welL "This lady," he said hastily, and in a hotmlHevad mannsr mnak Ko falran home, wd at once." "Yon know Miss Willoughby, then7" exclaimed Sir Thomas, in a tone of consider able astonishment. "Enow Miss Willonghby! Never heard the n ame even. If that faoedoeBn't belong to some one whom I once—whom I once knew —then my name isn't Carl Went worth. I'm in dream number two, I suppose. But for pity's sake have her taken home, Sir Thomas Eatohnp. The mystery must be cleared np soon or I shall go out of my mind. My eyes have never yet succeeded in deceiving me, and shan't certainly do so now." " Yes, yes; of oourse. I see now how it all happened," whispered the sailor lover, as he stood once more, and no mistake at all about it, by the side of bis own, as he was bold enough to express it, Bermine Vane. " I have been in prison and you on the stage. In other words, we have each been perform ing certain onar&cters;, each wholly at variance with our own personal inclinations one as lady pianist, the other 'doing the ' forlorn oaptive.' Queer, iBn't it, even to think off Queer also, wasn't it, that I should have met old Togas at Toppleton t" Bnt Bermine's heart is so full of happinesB this sweet Christmastide that she has no words to answer. She only knowB now that the one dream of her life is realized, and that the man of her choios has wealth now in strange contrast with former days, and has also bid her fix the wedding-day. " No wonder," as he says, "that my note, penned the moment we landed, was returned through the Dead Letter Offioe with 'Address unknown' staring me full in the face. Hermine Vane was too proud to be known as ' lady pianiBt,' I presume. But never mind. That little game is over now, and next Christmas Eve Sir Thomas must engage somebody else. Why, bless me," and ne laughed, "I had almost forgotten, to drink the Squire's health. Had it not been for him I should never have learned the real truth— that riches do not always win the day. There was a wedding Boon in the village of Crom merton, and, as Mrs. Bragsbury herself said, if it hadn't been for her ^commendation matters would certainly have taken a some what different turn." 