I IT THE LIBYAN AN IDYL OF THE PRIMITIVE CHURCH?. b o~air II. Chapteb II,—A Naval Question. After-the overthrow of the Christian com munities which UlfilaB had .founded among the Goths Oonstantine called Easebius, Bishop of Cffisarea. unto himself, and began to make diligent enquiries concerning the churches of Syiia and or Egypt 5 and having obtained all of the information current among the bishops he entered into conversation with Eusebius, apparently for the purpose of still further satisfying himself upon certain points involved in bis investigations, ^ . " Thou sayest," said CoDBtantane, that in Bpite of the persecution in which mauy bishops and private persons have suffered martyrdom the Church constantly increases in numbers and influence." " Yea," replied Eusebius, "but not so rapidly, as in thine own dominions, for in most places their services are secretly conducted because of the heathen; yet the truth triumphs every where and the churches prosper wonderfully. • The cruel wrongs done unto the faithful excite the interest and compassion of all fair-minded men, and there are always many who seek for fuller information concerning our holy religion, and there are alwajB some at hand ready to impart it." "I would that it were possible for me at this time to occupy the same relation to the Eastern Church that so happily obtains in the ; Empire of the West. But that seems to be impof Bible while the Emperor Licinius reign3 over those realms;" '1 Thou art as much beloved by the Christians of the EaBt as by thoBe of Europe or of Africa and they look unto thee for deliverance, and hopefully await thy coming." "But Europe and Africa are under mine own hand, and Asia.iB not; the Church of the. East iB beyond the reach of my protection." "Stretch forth thine arm of power, thou favorite of the supreme God, and take it unto thyself. Thou alone art fitted to be emperor, and Asia, as part of the Roman empire, is rightfully thine own." Then Oonstantine gave way to one of those fits of sudden silent meditation which were not unusual to him, and continued to gaze upon his bi&hop; long and earnestly. At last he said—"The Emperor Licinius iB a brave and1 skilful commander, trained all bis life in the discipline of the Roman- army. He not only hath yet a solid foothold npon European soil, but he could call into action out of populous Asia double as many soldiers as the Western Empire could put into the field, including the hardy Goths, whom I have added to the military force of Rome. He is not merely titular emperor, but is- a consummate warrior, a wise ruler, an able and valiant man, as he hath already proved against both Maximian and myself," "Thou and God art greater still!" said the bishop solemnly! " That- might be so upon the land," mur mured Constantine absently," for many of my' legions are veterans-who have followed me through seventeen campaigns without defeat, and the Goths are brave and hardy. But the old Emperor's vast superiority is on the sea. Eor since Rome ceased to be the seat of empire the naval establishments of Misenum and Ravenna have been greatly neglected, and the maritime cities of Greece no longer furnish those formidable fleets which made the re public of AthenB so famous. Bat the Em peror LiciniuB can draw from Egypt and the adjacent coasts of Africa, from the ports of Phoenicia and the Isle of Cyprus, and from Bitbynia, Ion a; and Garia, a fleet to which the rest of mankind could offer no [effective opposition; so that if I. should be successful on land the Emperor's naval superiority would enable him to carry an offensive war into every sea-coast of Hispania, Gaul, and Italy, cut off all my supplies, and force me to retreat even in. the face: of victory. "It will not do," be cried passionately and deBpondingly—" it will not doand it.requireB years to prepare a navy, There must.he some ' other way—some other way.!" What dark and &ecret; thought slumbered in the capaciouB deeps-of that calm, unwavering spirit, to which expediency was. ever a sufficient justification for any crime that might advance political designs, no man can.ever know;.but Eusebius at once- perceived that, the thing which he supposed to have been a sug gestion of hiB own—a temptation heid out by him to the Emperor and ventured upon because his zeal for the persecuted Christians of the Eastern Church, made him earnestly desire, that OouBtantine should con quer and protect those regions—had in truth long been a subject of profciundeat meditation in the Emperor's soul; a most dangerous ambition, which he had considered in every possible aspect of it. Neither of these able men Bpoke for some time. Then the Emperor said musingly—Would that it were possible for me at this time to occupy the same relation to the Eastern Churches that so happily obtains in the Empire of the West! Bnt there muBt he some other way—some other way I" Eusebius perceived from the repetition of these words that they in Borne way oontained the particular matter concerning which Con Btantine desired him to speak; and he shuddered at the unwelcome thought of what might possibly be required at the hand of some bishop of the church by the implacable and unscrupulous Emperor; but not fully compre hending the drift of the royal mind, he an swered—"It would be easy to attach the bishopB and" their congregations unto thyself, " as thou didst thosn of Africa, by secret aid to the churches,, and by-kind messages unto those who experienced the tyrant's cruelty; for already all Christians regard thee as divinely raised up fortheir succor, and they are com forted by the hope that when thou dost rale the world1 the gospel shall be as free injfche East as it is in the: West." " But that* is a mere sentiment," answered Constantine. " The ChrisianB are not soldiers; in theEast they refuse to bear arms or to recog nise an earthly ruler. Surely thoudost re member how difficult it was to bring them over to any active support of mine empire even in the West." "Yea, verily! But thou mayst gradually assume direction of the Church there as thou hast done 'here iby largeBseB to the bishops; by calling councils in thine own name to settle clerical differences; and by training them, as thou haBt done here, to regard thee alone as the real source of both ecclesiastical and poli tical authority; and- so by degrees control them as thou wilt." "I have meditated overall of .that," said Constantine, "and the great difficulty in the way of its-accomplishment grows out of the fact that any attempt to interfere-in the trial of charges againBt biBhopB or presbyters, whether npon accusations of personal misconduct or of erroneous doctrine,; within the dominions of the Emperor Licinius, would be regarded by him and by his subjects as an unwarrantable interference in matters which do not concern the Empire of the West, and such a course would only inflame and consolidate those whom I prefer to divide in sentiment." j "But," said Eusebius, " if the question in dispute should be one, not- between the members of some -particular community or locality, but between almost the whole body of the Christiana in the Western Empire on the one band and almoBt the whole body of the Eastern Church upon the other, could there be any impropriety in calling a council of the whole Church, East and West, to con- i eider and determine it?" "No;" said Constantine. "If there were only such a question the way would be laid open at least for a beginning. But how couldst thou ever create Buch a,question ?" The question, or rather the questions (for there are two of them); arealready created—the East upon one side.of both, and the West npon the other," " What1 are these questions ?' " One_ is. a great dispute concerning the i proper time for the celebration of Easter,, and the other a most subtile controversy concerning the nature of Godhead1 and the ; relation of the ^ther,_S°n, and' Holy Ghost; a dispute in which HoBius of' Cordova leads many, bishops, •and presbyters- npon one side, and Ariu3 the i Libyan as many upon the other." "Arms the- Libyan!" cried Constantine with sudden wrath, " The Libyan serpent! The ram. of BaucaliB! a presbyter, of Alexandria ! By thundering Jove, I will:vet crush that hard,, stubborn, fearless.nature, for he hath beenrmore in my way than even the Emperor Licinins- himself. Curse the man!! curseliim 1"' Eusebius gazed upon the Emperor in muta. astomBbieent. He knew that Oonstantine possessed' an almoBt supernatural knowledge of aH. political movements and persons, even iii the remotest corner of the empire over , which he reigned, bnt he had' never even I dreamed that the mighty Emperor had heard so much as the name of the gaunt, unsocial, [ self-denying, and inflexible presbyter of the I Baucalia Church at Alexandria,, in the do I minions of Licinius. "Knowest thon the man?" he asked with unconcealedastonishment. Constantine had' already regained his usual calmness, and' in plaoid tones replied—■" I have never seen Aims, but have constantly and often heard of his dangerous and revolu tionary teachings, and of his rugged, impla cable, unyielding character. He hateth me without any cause, except that I am Emperor, and scorneth every favor I was inclined to show him. L even tendered1 unto him the bishopric of.Alexandria, which'Alexander now holds, but he refused to accept it, for no other reason than that he snpposed hia advancement to that: high place to-have been procured by the influence of mine agents in that city." "I regret that he is not thy friend," answered Eusebius" but wilt thou instruct me bow a presbyter could teach dangerous and revolutionary doctrineB? Perhaps such teach? inga might furnish- matter for which the Otrarch might Buspend him from the office of preBbyter and silence his utterances." MI do not think bo," answered Constantino. "He teacheathat a Christian cannot be an em peror nor bear ayms in war; and that to take Bides: in a. struggle between any earthly go vernments is to betray the Christ. He teaches that no Christian can hold slaves, own private property, or recognise Roman and Egyptian laws and customs in reference to marriage and divorce. In a word, he still rigidly adheres to that primitive Christianity, the prevalence of which would soon render all go vernment over the people unnecessary if not impossible, and which, as thou knowest, it was so difficult for us to guide to right and reasonable action even in Rome and in other partB of the West. But his primitive and fearless teachings have reduced to the ghostly form of a mere sentiment, all the active aid I had expected to obtain from the Christians of Syria and of Egypt. The fleet, the mighty flset, which pntteth all my coasts at the mercy of Liciniu3 ought to have been : mine own, and would have been but for that Libyan serpent who paralysed the arm3 of willing Christians by his accursed teachings." "But," said Eusebius solemnly, "these teachings were the very doctrines of our Lord, and Arius hath proclaimed nothing but the truths of the gospel; and for 300 year3 no Christian man hath owned a slave, or claimed private title to property, or lifted up a weapon ■even in defence of the faith for which he does not hesitate to die." And the bishop's fine face darkened, and his heart twitched as if some transient gleam of lightning had re vealed before him a bottomless pit that opened down to perdition; and for a moment he half way felt that he had loat his own soul by jug gling with the empire in the name of Jesus and for the glory of the Church; While he stood in painful meditation, th9 Emperor continued—"Yea, doubtless this was the primitive system; and thoroughly perme ated with itB new and radical principals, Arius seeketh to enforce them. The African ram, bold, self-confident, aggressive; the Lybian serpent, agile, beautiful, tameless, and dan gerous; Bcorning all earthly ambitions as trifieB unworthy of the ■ consideration of an immortal Bpirit; despising pain, and toil, and peril; almost courting mar tyrdom ; immovable by threats of ven geance, or by hope of reward; alike inac cessible to flattery and to fear—but for that one man I would hold the East in my hand to-day ! For the fleet was largely manned and officered by Christians, and all .things were arranged-to deliver up'the ships to me, when tbiB fierce, invincible, immovable presbyter poured out the angry torrent of his eloquence and learning, urging the Christians to obey all laws of the government under which they lived that were not contrary to conscience, and denouncing those who might engage on either side in favor of an earthly ruler as traitors to Christ and His kingdom. Their courage shriveled uj> before his fierce denuncia tion &b; if it had been smitten by the wrath of God, and all the carefully prepared plans for getting possession of more than half the fleet of Licinius, and especially of the great galleys with three banks of oars, faded away before the breath of thi3 one irreconcilable and immovable man, Then the attention of the Emperor Licinius having been called to the matter, he made a lustra tion of his arfby and navy, and dishonorably dismissed therefrom every man who refused to offer sacrifice to the gods ; audalso from his - civil service, and from hia palaces. Ahd.since that day there hath been no manintheser vice-of Licinius that is a Christian. But the emperor sent to Arius a parchment giviug to him legal authority to preach the gospel publicly in his city of Alexandria, because his gospel had saved the fleet; and the stern, un compromising presbyter sent it back with a message that his authority to preach was from God, not from man." "For what-reason did Arius so bitterly take sides against thee, the favorite of God, the protector of the Church ?" "It would be unjust," said Constantino, " to eay that he ever did so. He did not; but his powerful influence in holding the Christians, of Egypt and of Syria to strictest neutrality-. was-the moat injurious policy he could have pursued against me; but he would have pur* Bued; the-same course against any .other ruler in the world," (ToIt continued,) 