AN tNNOCiNT ELOPE. S ~MENT. BY M, E. HoLrA.a. A winter gloaming, but soft and gray. A stretch of eastern country open and wooded, high and low, level and broken, beautiful in summer, but just now depoly hidden beneath a mantle of snow, and abbve it hanging a dome snow-laden. A faint western wind stirring the orchard's great desolate heart, and filling its aisles with uncanny whispers. From an invisible somewhere gaunt shadows stealing forth and reaohing out their cold, bare arms to darkly ambrace a rambling, old-fashioned homestead mansion. Ever unioinding and gaining volume ae they approaoned, thuse spectral shades silently stalked into a quaint, tIosceiled apartment before whoae open chaem of a fireplace stood a young girl. She was in appearance almost a child, slim as a youthful tamarack, and graceful, with a face sweet, round, fresh, daintily tinted, but hardly up to the oleassial ideal of beauty. A face tenderly, temptingly, daringly lovable, yet wondrous sad, withal, in its present repose Red flames suddenly broke from a s ooldering log. Scarlet arrows, with Rem. brandt effect, pierced the oncroaching gloom, forcing its retreat and"suftly kissed that girlish face, thdse dreamy, veiled eyes, and two little hands idly failling down and lightly clasped before her in an attitude of uncon scions gracq. Her dress extended high to the warm throat. and, loosely confined at the waist by an artiltio knotof rlibbon, fell straight down to her slim foot in folds of soft whi s cash mere. With that halo of light upon 'er, and under the spell of deep thought, ?oh re. sembled strangely the carven image of a devout, rapt young saint aut from Carara marble, or the miniature of an inrroopoctivt Aphrodite inParian stone. No wonder a man coming up the weal paused just outside the window an instant with bated breath then slowly resumed his way with something very like a sigh of pain. As if his glance had pierced her armour of calm : ' I with it was over,' she murmured, pressing her small fingers clese together in an agony of self.restraint ; then enddenol, flinging them apart with a passionate gesture ' or I wish I had never come, or that I was dead, or that- -h, God I how I wish-- But-bah I' a smile of contempt drooping her sweet lipped mouth at the corners 'What use to wish ? Oh, this gnawing pain at my heart I This burning dryness of my eyes. Tomorrow, on some pretext, I must go home, else I shall go mad ; but to. night--' Ay, to.night I What of it ?. Could she only have foreseen the events in the darkness of that night, would she have counted on the morrow thus ' The banging of a distant door, then the sound of someone approao,,ing. An instant her heart stood still with a vague, indefinable hope, a wild, yearning fear. Could it be Paul? Paul Granleigh, her cousin, her king among men, yet who in a few hours would be the husband of another woman I Ah, no, she had seen him ride away in the early gloaming. When he returned to his ancestral home- well, she would not be here. Like a thing caught in guilt, she glanced hurriedly around for an avenue of escape, as a step-Rick's-sounded in the corridor outside. A firm yet light step, and presently the door was flung ajar, admitting a tall young man, and with him a frosty breath from the enter world. 'Behold, our steeds prance at the door. Haste to the wedding,' he cried grandilo= quently, Teen, as his pleasant eyed take in that sole, silent occupant : . 4 Trick,' coming forward, 'you look like a gieat wax doll constructed after the Greek. Where on earth'-a man's usual scoff at woman's artistic dress-love--'did you find that babyish affair ?' She shot him a glance of overwhelming M Uhat babvlsh affair was found at Bed. fern'e, and coseeet dad more money than your self and your pranoing steeds are worth, Sir Ignoranoe. Come, that's a good boy'-in sweet, laughing tones-' fetch my wraps frumm yonder sofa, and-' 'Oh, no hurry!' flinging himself into a chair near. ' The governor, your resppotec unole, and the lucky sire of your humble servant, is still swearing over an aggravating eravat. I heard him as I stole past hi room. As it Is nearly six hours to mid-. By Jove, old man !' his eyes suddenly liftin to a 1l11 form in the doorway. 'Ejected, eh? What's up!?' His brother slowly entered. 'I forgot my purse, and-well, you know one cannot expect to do Europe on his wedding tour with empty pookets I' with a low, mirthless laugh, 'I left itl in my room in some place. Will you fetch it while I warm up, Errie 1 ' Well, seeing it's your night of doom, yes; but'-with a heart free laugh-'you're polli.g a mighty long face, old man, for a pro epentive groom. Cheer up. Life is short and full of chances. Ua belle will be in a deuce of a temper if you don't cultivate a happier look for the altar.' When the door had closed upon him, Paul turned to his slim, whitedfaced cousin. 'Let me look at you,' he exclaimed, devouring her with his dark eyes * Here where we have been so happy together, let us part; and after to-night it will be best for both if God never lets me see your,tempt int face again.' Thrilling and chilling alternately, she stood before him voiceless and motionless under his intense passionate eyes, ' You do care,' he continued meohanically. 'I never dreamt you did until to.night. I saw you through the window, and I-I read your faoe. On, Trick. Trick I if only we bad met earlier, when I was free, and you - -' 'e Hush ' she cried ps.sionately. ' Are you human to tortur and insult me so!' Forg v me. I-I am mad, I think, Good-bye He turned unsteadily to leave the room. He panned, and coming back stood before her. His faco was calm, but somehow suggestive of fierce restraint. He was a strong man with strong passions, and possessing an iron will to control them. 'Will you sing for me that song you sane when first you came to visit ne?' he asked, .' I have a presentimert that it will be the last time I shall ever hear your volas; and I want to remember it. It were a pity to for get she sweetest thing ouo ever heard, would it not, little one ' A dry sob rose in her throat. Beatrix Evolyn was childish in appesrancoonly. Choking down her misery she turned to the piano near. Quiveringly at first her sweet voice rose, then wont steadily on to the end, -"'Tin III to broek the bands that God decreed to bled, Yet stllt are we the children of the hestber and the wind: Though far away from home, oh, 'tis still for you and me, That a;b broom is blowing boone In that north countraes " 'I'm afraid you'll have to do Europe on trust, old man,' exoltimed Rlck, entering. ' I can't find your " filthy lucre l" ' I will go and find it myself, then.'turning as he stood on the threshold. 'good-bye,' be said 'It begins to snow. flee that Beatrix is well wrapped, Errlo.' Then be was gone, and Trick shivered, 'I'll be b'amed it he isn't more fit for a lunatic asylum than a bridal tour,' grumbled Rick. ' Well, I can imagine pleasanter positions than carrying the pug dog, and reoeiving the saroasm of my future eistor-in law, ean't you, counsino ohere?' Trelo" mado no roturn in words, and was strangely client during the long drive to Eaton Pines. It wso a whim of the whimeloal, weoaltis bride that the marriageo hould be performed at midnight, but on their arrival danalog wa' in progress, About ten o'olock Biolk came up to his cousin. There was a somewhat troubled look on his pleasant face. 'I have a messane-a telegram for\ you,' he whisporod. 'Oao of our servants just brought it over. Come into the coanservatory and read it.' It was from a prominent dootor n o ew York: ' four father dangerooely ill. Uome im mediately if you would seeo him alive.' With a low ory she lifted her eg s _.o Erric's face. She swayed, and wouo have fallen had not sonmone caught her. It was Paul. She hard:y heed.?, but Errio briefly explained. ' I will drivo her over to the station,' he said. ' We can catch the midnight train.' 'Very well. There is no use epsaking'abou' it ; i would but create a dietureanose, and I can easily explain afterward. Hitch Black Base into my cutter, Errio, quick as possible. Sne is a safe animal.' A few minutos later, wrapped in fursetothe eyes, and nearly distracted, Triok was lifted into the waiting cutter. Erria was about to acoompany her, when his brother called him aside, and both returned to the house, only one returning a moment later. Even through her anxiety she felt grieved. Why had Paul so coolly parted with her? Rushing to her eyes the tears froze there. She had no desire to speak, and Errie apparently was in nhe same mood. Bisently and tediously they drove against the ever inereasing storm. Wilder and more furl us it became, deeper and more drifted the snow. * We shall never get there I' croed Trick, wildly. 'It must be near midnight now I' And her tortared mind went back to the mansion long left behind. In a few minutea P.,ul would be married, perhaps Perhaps he was married already. Bvhind her jid life aiy the might-have-been of happipoes. Before-God, what wao beforo? Her,bqlgcgp father B'ack Baes had stood still as if bewildered. Through a grove near the wind moaned in painful accents. \- Are we lost, Erric ?' she cried. ' Why don't you speak! Why--' He leaped iron the outter and went quickly forward, B?aok Bses stook quivering in, her tracks Peeasotly he returned to her side and stood there, the wind bowling and driving. abon them both, the' snow falling fast and fester. It is useless. We oan go no further; she has lost the road,' he said. At the voice Trick uttered a cry and tore the veil from her faes, ' Paul I' she oried. 'Where is Errlo Why did you do this mad thing !' ecauee I wasee mad Iwanted to eeyon, to say a last word before we parted-forgive.: Forgive me.' Where is Errio?' 'L -eked safely up in the cloakroom unless they have liberated him before this.'-gtimly. ' Wanat will you do?'-dazedly. ' You cannot be back by midnight to--' 'I had not intended,to. Indeed, I am not sure I ever intended going bask at all. But a: marriagc can be postponed, a death oannot. I know if it were possible for anyone to get you to Zedwiok in time for the midnight express I could. I have failed'-lighting a match to see his watoh-face, and speaking is a kind of bitter despair. 'It is half-past wealve, and,' he continued passionately, 'I am glad I am not married-glad I am with you, darling, coma what may.' ' Hsh I Oh, what will I do? What am I do? What will they all say of me?' ' They will not dare say a word of you ' fiercely. ' I-I wish we would both die here to- night. We would at least be together I No one a Buld part us. But although it is wild and stormy, it is not cold, and there is no such luck as freezing in store for us.' 'You must go back,' she cried wildly. ' You m~est g. back. I command it. Take Black Bees, and leave me here. You have wronged me enough already. I forbid you staying here now. Go, go I And pray God I may never look upon your face again.' All his mad entreaties were of no avail She only repulsed and bade him leave her. How that long night under the shelter of an overturned cutter was spent Triok Evelyn never forgot, but always shuddered when she spoke of it. But after what seemed an eternity she thoognt she heard voices on'ling at a great distance; then down she went into the darkness of death. A month later, in her father's New York house, she reclined on a ooach, very pale, wan. and frail, but with a look of content on her sweet face. Her father had bhs just left the room when a servant ushered in anotner man none othershan PaulGranleigh. but, from the awful events of that awful eight, the ghost of his former self. With a blueb. srlok held out her hands ; then, as be gladly took and hold them in his, naret into a storm or tears. 'And they thougbt we had eloped-that pana's illness was only a trick,' she said. later, ' It they had found Errio b-fore mid n gbh-before Miss Eaton, in that fit of sneer, married her muoia-master, how dif ferent it would have been for us.' ' Perhaps it would, and spoiled our lives, my pet'-softly. ' Sweetheart, I shall always think I was mad that night, and,' he con tinued, softer yet. ' hli-e m madness ' 