AN ENCOUNTER WITH A TIGER. | I selected for my ambush a nook on a low j sloping rock, overlooking a large pool round which there were numerous fresh tracks of deer. This nook I had roofed in roughly with khine-grass to keep off the heavy dews, and to assist in concealing me. It. was a lovely moonlight night, clcav and cold, when I took up my station shortly after dark, accompanied by a young Karen, to whom I entrusted the responsibility of keeping me awake. Hour after hour we sat there three feet above the level of the Band to which the rock shelved gently down : the startling bark of a distant deer, the musical ringing°call of the bell-bird, and the screaming of insects in the foliage around, were the only signs of life. Cold and chilly the night drew on, whilst en the far side of the pool, well out of range, an oc casional samblmr issued from the jungle and stalked solitary and ghost-like across the saml, stopping every dozen yards to sniff the air pur piciously. Wearied andsleepy, I lay back against the rock as a sambhur disappeared for theth'ird time without giving ine a shot; my riile lay across* my knees, and some evil spirit prompted me to open the breech, that it might lie nnre easily upon them, The moon was sinking, and the white clammy mist came rolling in huge billows down the mountain side, hiding the trees 30 yards awav, and making the night colder and duanper with its heavy shroud. Darkness and discomfort have a bad effect on the nerves,and Ifelt, as I sat there, in no mood for great deeds of great daring. Tired and indifferent I dozed off to sleep, when my companion touched my arm lightly, and whispered the single word,, kya (tiger). I avroke with a start, and looked in the direction indicated. Here he was, coming slowly through the mist straight to the rock, with the easy rolling swagger a tigar affects when he is on the prowl. I clutch my rifle and snap the breech. Great Heavens ! for the first time since I owned the weapon, it refuses to close ! The tiger, off which I have not taken my eyes, has reached the foot of the rock, and, at tracted by my movements, deliberately pauses to ga/.e at the apparition it beholds. With the useless rifle in my hands, I sit facing it, utterly unable to move, and the Karen, crouched beside me with his head between his knees and his j hands claspcd above it, is trembling in every | limb. The lithe, grey-looking form is only six ! feet from me, and with two short steps can enter the nook and select either of us at his leisure. The fixed stare of tho blazing green eye balls seems to paralyse me; for fullyhalfa minute —it seemed an lu»ur—he stands there motion less, but at length passes on, still keeping his eyes on me until he disappears round the cor ner of the rock a few feet away. Relieved of that appalling stare I breathe more freely, and straining my eyes in the direc tion I expect the tiger will make, with desper ate eagerness exert all my strength to close the breech of the rifle. I "can feel lie obstruction, for it is, of course, too dark to see, but it will nut close, and I pause—to see once more that mesmeric gaze fixed upon me ! Dissatisfied with his first scrutiny, the tiger has passed round the rock and returned to repeat it. It is sickening. Helpless and dazed, I sit there blankly returning the stead fast stare that so perfectly unnerves me. This interview lasts longer that the first; I cannot close my eyes even if I would. The perspiration streams down my face, and I feel the cold drops trickling slowly down my back. How I curse the brute for his calm, dispassionate gaze! How I curae my own folly in not having Delected a tree to shoot from ! For now, though I am shaking all over, a strange defiant feeling is creeping over me, and—thank God! the tiger once more turns away, and this time quietly takes the path towards the opposite jungles, disappearing into the fog-wrapped night Gone—and I lie back and give way to a fit of " cold shivers" such as I havo nevor felt before, and far half an hour I see nothing but eyes— round, fierce, glaring green eyes—wherever I turn my*own. No daybreak surely was ever so long delayed as that we now anxiously wait for, but it comes at length, and cramped and shivering I hasten to examine the rifle. A small, but thick fleshy leaf had found its way iuto the " grip" action, and, crushed though it was, the stringy fibres refused to allow the close-fitting mechanism to work. The Karen, who is watching me, mur murs in Burmese, "witchcraft," and after the night I hare jnst passed through, lam more than half inclined to agree with him. We dragged ourselves back to camp, and at once organised a party to follow up the pugs, but our chase was useless : wo neither saw nor heard anything of that tiger again during our stay. Curiously enough, only two weeks afterwards information was brought toEaston that a Karen who had selected that identical rock to shoot sambhur from, had been pounced upon and carried off by a tiger as he left his hiding place just before daylight. Screams were heard by his brother, who occupied a safe position near, and on going to the spot at sunrise, he found the gun and bag belonging to his hapless relative on the sand. Tige" pugs and a few blood-marks told the silent tale and not a vestige of the unfortunate maivs body, or even of his clothing, was ever found by the friends who made search for his remains. Easton's informant added with gravo simplicity —" The white face of your friend was new to the tiger ; on that account ho oseaped." _ My story ij told. I have met tigers in various i circumstances since, but of none hare I so vivid g recollection as the one whose visit I have at tempted to describe in this paper. -Macmillan'x Ma'jazinc. 