The Lapwing Tragedy. (Concluded.) Br J. H. Conkellt. The person who suffered most severely was Captain Densmore. His portion of the fish ' iad been cooked separately for him in a way luat he alone liked—by steeping its slices in i marinade of oil, vinegar and spices,in a porion of which it was afterwards stewed— vhile all the rest of the dolphins had been •i : iced, rubbed with salt,and fried. Before the text uiorning the captain was dead, and it was' taken for granted that the Silician nsliion in which his meal bad been prepared iad caused a more virulent exhibiton cf the poisonous properties of the fish, or that those properties, if equally present in what .was eaten by his wife, Mr. Gillette and the crew, had been dissipated or neutralised by the salt and heat of frying. Both of the mates, and five of the men before the mast and the captain's cabin companions were very sick for several hours, but, by the time the captain ivas dead, were completly recovered. The Lapwing wa9 now nearing the equator. The weather was very warm, and it was necessary to confine the unfortunate aiptain'8 body to tbe deep at an early hour in the day. All the supposed truth concerning the sad occurrence was duly entered upon t he log, and the first mate took command of t he vessel. The night that followed was one of terror for the crew. There was a stiff breeze blow ing. 'but not half a gale, and no anxietv was i felt on that.account. That which allrigiitcu | the sai'ors was the presence of a large biuish j ll.iiui.-,-almost gloDular in form,that appeared I iu the rigging, firet upon the extreme en.i j of the fore-top yard, then travelling to tue •mast-head, thence to the top of the maiuinast by the top gallaut, thence to the itr'zzen, and so over the vessel from point to lit. Ttie-flame was sufficiently large and strong -i<> light up the faces of the men on deck with an unearthly blue color. It moved very siowly, as would a lantern carried in a man's un 1, and was in no. wise affected by the ivind. 'Sailors' now are familiar with the li>rht, which tbey call a " composant," and know thai it is'simply an electrical pheno. menon, produced , by certain ill-explained 'Conditions of the atmosphere; but in those days it was looke 1 upon as a ghost, and was a -.vavs a thing of terror. The men were .all agreed that the ship was haunted; and as (heir superstitions stimulated their imagina tions., there were some among them who averred "that'they had seen the captain, looking, as he'did in-life, pacing the deckat midnight, and then suddenly darting up among the riggings; where he appeared again in the dreaded form of the composant. : The day . that followed that awful night was'one of.intense beat, without wind, and the ship lay "as idle as a painted ship upon a ;painted ocean;" but at nightfall the gale again sprang up, and again the composant appeared in the rigging. Another day.' and , night ' of precisely similar character ensued. • By this time the crew, and even the mates, were in such a state of affright that there was talk .»nong them of taking toJbhe boats and abandoning the vessel in mid-ocean. "Rumors that tbe ship was h^ilnted had reached thec^bin, and had upon Mr. Gillette an effect as appalihg as upon the most ignorantand«uperstitious of the sailoiB.. He could not bear to be alonejfor a moment, and as Mrs. Densmorej deaf to all his appeals for her society, persistently remained shut up. in her cabin, he sought rthe company of the mates, and even of thie .steward, 'and drank copiobsly 'and. continuously of brandy. It was after midnight on the third night that the composants'had'flamed in the rigging,'that the tempest burst in all its fury upon the dpiomed vessel. Before.daylight the Lapwing- was but: a dismantled, battered, bulk. Her foremast had been broken off at the head ; her mainmast was torn away at the deck ; mass of ; top-hamper hung over her side, and-one of the masts, like a battering-ram, had beaten upon the side of the ship imtii.it \ , iiad made a rent through which the hall was filling fast. In haste, snd with'the greatest difficulty, the crew managed to launch the pinnace and the long-boat from I W» e vessel ^kms In the former were embarked "the **ond mate, cook, and six ?Tieiong,boabwas crowded by nine sailors, the ^ ^atej carpenter, steward, the captain's;,-widow,:and Mr. Gillette. -So short iwap. jthe tjmej aifprded for escape that -few ^provisions wereJeipliarked ; but happily botn boats were got 'off 'without" the* loss ; of a ujfei,.,,.. ci, j . v ' '-.•" ' •' ^ccQraing to the "hurried calculations of the ferst matej'the shipwrecked mariners Were* then''aboutnine hnntirfed miles from "the-BraKillan'coast.'- With the favor VekHi7r; they might well hope to ; otgood reach*|hat.{ shore in safety, could they but ,manage to I to find himBelf tortured by a raging, feverish thirst. He consumed at a single draught his share of water for the day, aud begeed for more. Mrs. Densraore pitied his manifest agonv, and would have given him her portion also, but the first mate, who was a determined man and equal to the emergency, positively forbade htr doing so. The fury of the storm was spent by a litt"i« after daybreak, and before noon the wind j had sank to a gentle breeze, but the sea was still very high, and it was as much as the sailors could do to keep their boats head on to the waves, without making any attempt to lay their course for laud. Fiercely the sun glared down on the unprotected headB of t he survivors of the wreck with such burning force that it seemed to them as if they would go mad, and only slight relief was afforded by frequent wettings of their hair with the sea water. Mr. Gillette became half delirious toward the latter part of the day, and began to ntter strange words, that at first were taken for raving, but, after a time, began to awaken horrible doubts in the minds of those who heard them. He seemed unconscious of his surroundings, ignored the presence of the sailors, and addressed himself to the captain's widow. " I have done away with the hound for your only excuse," said he to her, " and now you must go with me. Come, smile upon me, and say it was well done. The old fellow is no longer in our way. They have fed him to the fishes. Do you think the arsenic in him will disagree with them J You cannot now doubt that I love you, Well, it was your fault that I had to put him out of 'the road. If you had consented to go with me, and leave him, he would be alive now. Bat what does it matter? An old fellow like him I What business had he to get in my way I" Thus he rambled on until exhaustion overcame him, and he sank to sleep. Mrs. Densmore heard him with such horror as deprived her of the power of speech to reply. She could only stare at him with wide-distended eyes and parted lips. Not for an instant did she doubt that he was unconsciously revealing the dread secret of his guilty soul. Nor did ,, the other hearers , of revelations doubt it. f u n ™ ure am ° n S ^ ft 0 * 0 . 1 }? another. At length, when Mr. Gillette t° 5eemed to be fitst mat ^ a low stern voice, spoke - to the - cantain's widow, demanding: Mrs. Densmore, have this man's words any meaning to you ? Any connection with anything known to you that gives them any significance ?" His voice seemed to break the spell that >vas upon her. and she burst into a passion of sobbing. When able to speak, she replid : Yes. That man has persecuted me with what he called his love. He urged me to desert my i«usband aud run away with him. I refused, and threatened to inform my husband. " Do you have any thought, from what you have heaul him say, that he is in any way responsible for your husband's death ?" " What else can 1 think 1 You all heard what he said." '• Yes, we did ! and I don't think there's much question in our minds." Again, as darkness set in, the wind grew stronger and stronger, while the lowering sky gave ominous signs of the recurrence of such a tempest as that which had sent the Lapicing to the bottom of the sea. Mr. Gillette was suddenly awakened from his troubled sleep by a rough hand that gtippc'1 his shoulder and shook him. His nervous prostration was heighti-ne l by fear of the white capped billows that, to his excited fancy, seemed leaping to get at him on every side, and the last remnant of selfcontrol* was dashed from his mind by the single accusing word " Murderer 1" shouted into his ear by the first mate. " Pardon 1 Pardon I" he shrieked. "The devil tempted me 1 I'm sorry, for it! Forgive me 1" " How did you do it ?" He hesitated, writhed in abject terror, and incoherently mingled appeals for pardon, with proffers of thousands of pounds for forgiveness. " Answer, or we'll toss you overboard," threatened the mate. " He pizened him, and lie tried to pizen us all!" exclaimed sturdy Bill Dongan, one of the oldest sailors on the vessel. Ejaculations of denunciation and hoarse mniraers £ro m Bill's shipmatesjrc.se above the sound of l ' ie increasing sale. "No! no!'' cried Gillette. "I did no: mean to harm anybody but the caplaii:, j 1 put arsenic on the fish for him, but only tartar-emetic on the rest of it, to make it j seem as if all had been poisoned alike by I the dolphins. No, good men!—friends! — i I would not have harmed a hair of your ! heads. I only wanted to kill the captain ; that was all—only the captain. I never did I you any harm. Forgive tne ! forgive me !" • For some minutes tiie bearers of that |jIII confession were silent. The murderer was weakly crying,and Mrs. Densmore, her r-h;uvl about "her head, was sobbing. Then tlit tir.-t mate broke the silence, sajing, in a medirative way. " I suppose there's them, that would say we ought to carry this scoundrel ashore with us and give him up to the law." j " Well. I don't, for one," replied Bill Dongan. "If ever there was a Jonah he's one, j and we'll never land a^ain, not a one of us, if we keep company with him." It's him, or all of us, that has to go in this storm that is coming up now," declared another of the crew. "Are we all agreed to that, men?" demanded the mate. Yes, all," answered the men in chorus. " Is there one who doubts his guilt, or thinks bis life should be spared until we make the IandJ" "No! Nol Not one!" was shouted from all sides. "Then, overboard he goes." The two sailors nearest the doomed man seized him, but he. with a shrill scream of mortal fear, tore himself loose from them, sprang up, and began fighting for his life. A blow from Bill Dongan's . maul-like fist stretched him prostrate on the seats of the boat, and one of his outstretched hands touching the widow's dress, he clutched it with a death-grip of despair, howling, madly: Help 1 Help 1 Murder I" Mrs. Desmond had swooned when he made his confession, but such was the general excitement that, no one ha-l noticed her condition. She was mercifully spared ever again seeing the villain's face or bearing his voice. A heavy heel crunched the bones of tiie hand clenching her skirt and forced relinquishment of the grasp. In a mouient more Lawrence Gillette was lifted up by powerful arms that tore bim loose from the seats to which he still strove to cling, and was hurled clear of the boat's side into the angry sea. One bubbling cry was heard from -his lips, and no more. He bad gone to his dread reckoning. Hardly had this sacrifice been accomplished, when, strange to relate, the fierceness of the gale died away, the stars -shone out, and thenceforward the weather was continuously pleasant and the winds favoring, until the wrecked crew of the Lapwing safely reached land. Mrs. Densmore returned home to England, and, by her inheritance of the estate of the late captain, was left in quite comfortable circumstances for life. No concealment was attempted of the execution of the assassin, Gillette, but it was esteemed that he had been rightly served for ht6. crime, and that the first mate, being, in command as captain, had authority, as a king upoti the high seas, to do what he .would with him. 