A Pack of Cards. ? y Cards are so often described as the devil's book, that the following defence of them will be read with interest : — A simple sen tence, but you do know how much know ledge this little sentence contains ? Listen, and I will tell you. Many years ago, during the reign of Charles VI., card-playing was first introduced into .France, and became so the rage and was carried to such an extent that it was for a time prohibited. Society was divided into four classes, called castes, and each of these castes were repre sented by the four different suites of cards : First — hearts of churchmen, from the French cceur (heart), called gens de cceur or choirmen. Second — spades or pike heads, and represented the nobles. Third— dia- monds or square stones represented the workmen. Fourth — clubs or clover leaves indicated the peasantry. Nor is this all, for does net the ace remind you there is a God ? The Deuce — of the Father and Son. The Tray — of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost. The Four— of the four evangelists who preached, Matthew, Mark, Luke and John. The Five — of the five wi6e virgins who had their lamps trimmed. The Six — ' In six days the Lord made heaven and earth.' The Seven—' On the seventh day the Lord rested.' The Eight— of the eight righteous persons who were saved when God destroyed the world — Noah, his wife, three sons and their wives. The Nine — nine lepers were cleansed by our Lord. There were ten, but nine gave thanks. The Ten— of the ten commandments handed down to Moses. The King — of the great King in Heaven. The Queen — of the Queen of Sheba, a wise woman, who visited King Solomon, and took with her fifty girls and fifty boys, all dressed in masculine attire, for the King to tell which were boys and which girls. King Solomon sent for water for them to wash, and as the girls washed to the elbows and the boys to the wrists the King soon judged. Counting the num ber of cards to a pack, there are 52, equal to the number of wpeks in a year. There are ^Aiii* onife ? fKii TiTitviKa-i. nf -nroolra in n TYmnf.il . and last, twelve picture cards in a pack, representing twelve months in a year, and on counting the tricks, which ore thirteen, the number of weeks in a quarter. So you see that simple sentence not only contains a history, but a bible, almanac and common prayer-book. 