TELEGRAMS. ADELAIDE AND LONDON TELEGRAPH. [By SuBKABm Tzlmbiph.] I*mdon, August 3. The trouble which has arisen in con sequence of the unauthorized seizure of British sealers, pursuing lawfully their calling in Behnng's Strait, is to be pnt a stop to. It is reported that last Monday the Government gave orders to ssonre the immunity of the fishermen. All the shares in the Wsllsrah (New South Wales) Goal Mines—the Company to work which was registered in May last with a capital of £100,000—have now been issued. The position of the Surrey County Eleven as the premier cricketing club for this season in England is now assured, as it has won all the nine matches The Anarchists in Austria have deferred for a year the trial of their strength. During July of next year they will submit their views to at least fifteen districts in Austria-Hungary. Grant, a clerk who was arrested lately in London, has been sentenced to five yearn1 imprisonment for forging the name of Mr. B. Barr Smith, of Adelaide, to two letters of oredit of the value of £200. Bishop Moore has arranged to return to his Diocese of Ballarat in October next. It is understood that he will bring with him and establish in his Diocese members of the orders of the Sisters of Nazareth and also Fathers of the Congregation of the Holy Ghost. The cargo of frozen meat ex O.S.S. Liguria has been sold at an average price of 4fd. per lb. Mr. Edward Duncannon has been appointed one of the Dlreotors of the Pen insula and Oriental Steam Navigation Company. London, August 4. Sir Graham Berry's protest against the decision of the Post-Office not to alter the date of departure from Adelaide of the Australian mails for England has been considered by the Post-Office authorities. The Peninsular and Oriental Company entered a strong protest against any alteration on the ground that this would interfere with the Indian arrangements. The Bight Hon. Cecil Bailees, Post master-General, has replied to Sir Graham's protest He states that the Government is unable to alter the decision which had previously been expressed, and expresses the hope that the Agents General for the Colonies will induce their Governments to accept the present situar tion. The charges on goods to be carried from London to Melbourne and Sydney have been advanced by 5b. per ton. The German flag has been hoisted on Pleasant Island, in the Marshall group, in the Pacific. Annexation is not pretended, but the German officers who have landed state that the island is now under the protection of the German Empire. Meetings of the Directors of the mines in the Etheridge District, Queensland, have been held. As a result of the con ferences thus held it has been deoided that it would be advisable for all the Companies concerned in these fields to amalgamate. Lord Herschell's Bill enlarging the powers of trustees is in Committee of the House of Lords, and certain points have been snbmitted to most careful examina tion. Upon consideration the Committee has cancelled the clause in the Trustees Bill which allows of the investment of trust funds in Colonial Government Securities. It is officially denied that Her Majesty the Queen will leave England for the purpose of paying a visit to the Grand Duchew of Baden, at her capital The outline of a scheme for the recep tion of Highland crofters Into the Aus tralian Colonies has been received in London from Mrs. Jessie Campbell Browne. The authorities announce that they are unable to entertain the scheme until full details are forwarded to them. London, August 6. The semi-official Nord Deutsche AUge meine Zeitung contains an article in yester day's paper on the subject of the secret report on the proposed Battenburg marriage, which Prince Bismarck la alleged to have sent to the late Emperor Frederick. The Nord Deutsche states that the NouveUe £evuc was wholly misled by its informants, and that the document pub lished by it is a forgery. The vacancy in the See of Oxford, caused by the resignation of the Bight Bev. Dr. Maokarness—for which the name of Bishop Barry, of Sydney, was mentioned—has been filled by the tran slation of Bishop Stubbs, who has held the See of Chester since 1884. It is rumoured that Dr. Barry, Bishop of Sydney, will be translated to the Bishopric of Chester, rendered vacant by the transfer of Dr. Stubbs to the See of Oxford. The death is announoea of General P. H. Sheridan, Commander of the United States Army. The General had been ill for some time. London, August 7. Senator Henry W. Blair, who is one of the representatives of New Hampshire in the United States Senate, has introduoed a resolution setting forth the advantages likely to be derived from the political union of Canada and the United States. He desires therefore to give the President power to enter upon a negotiation with the British Government as to the terms upon which the Imperial and Canadian sanction could be obtained for such a con federation. In reply to a question asked last night! by Br, Tamier, M.P. for Cork, Baron Henry do Worms, Under-Secretary for the Colonies, ., stated. that the Colonial Office had not as yet received a protest from* the Yictorian Government against any scheme which would involve the immigration of paupers into Australia. Mr, Ritchie's Local Government Bill, as amended by the House of Commons and deprived-of the licensing clauses, has passed two readings in the House of Lords, and, after considerable discussion, has gone .through Committee. The third reading will be taken at an early date. 