THE STAR OF BETHLEHEM. OUR friend Waddybody had been readiDg so much in the newspapers about the " Star of Bethlehem " that he became possessed with a great desire to witness the celestial Pain's fireworks. " It's visible between two and three o'clock in the morning." said Waddybody to Mrs. W. " That's rather an awkward time to get up at, but if it's such a splendid astronomical sight as they say, why it's worth a little inconvenience." "You'll never get up at two in the morning," said Mrs. Waddybody, contemptuously. " Oh, won't I, " said her spouse ? " We shall see about that," Waddybody that night wound up the clock and set the alarm for 2.15. Punctually at that time the bell went off and woke Mrs. Waddybody. She endeavoured to rouse her husband, but that worthy couldn't see it. • " What is it?' he muttered, drowsily. " Star of Hethlehem," said Mrs. Waddybody, " don't you want to see it ?" "No," he grunted, "I wouldn't get up at this hour to see a whole company of stars, with ballet irls included." Waddybody relapsed into slumber, and was disusted with himself when he rose that he had missed seeing the " Star." "I'll see it to-morrow morning, however," said Waddybody, "if I stay up all night." Fixed in this resolve, he sought out one of the riends of his bachelor days, and they made a night of it. Theatre first, and tippling afterwards, put in the time till nearly three o'clock in the morning, and as his friend took Waddybody home, that amateur astronomer had the satisfaction of seeing the wished-for phenonemon in the heavens. " Seen two shtars Bedlam, Mrs. Wickaddybody," hiccoughed Mr. W., as his wife took delivery of him with the milk. " Two flaming shtars waltzing —hie !—round each other. It was a hic-glorious sight " " You've been seeing too many ' three-stars,' " said Mrs. W., as she put her husband to bed and looked-up the homeopathic recipe for " headache resulting from intemperance." IF the party who asked us "why a game-legged horse was unlike a clergyman and furnished ihe reply, viz., "because he is a lame 'un (layman)" will call on our fighting editor, the latter gentleman will be happy to let him know what we pay for jokes. There s nothing mean in this office. We pay down on the nail, and the payee never makes any subsequent complaints. Ghosts mustn't speak until spoken to, and we don't start the conversation. THERE was a man in the land of Uz whose name was Job, but there was also a man in Carlton who had the name of that much-afflicted prophet tagged on to the surname of Tidy. To add to the bitterness of this conjunction, Job Tidy earned his three litcle plates of hash by carting night-soil for the the Corporation. Job one night forgot his name, and whether 'twas the sultriness of the weather or the exasperating closing of the pubs, at 11.30, he appears to have tipped his load up in the street and has been fined. Better bear the names we have than fly to fines we've got to "take out." 