Mr. Miln as Hamlet. On Saturday ovening at tho Opora House ' Damon and Pythias,' whioh had boon played during tho week, gave way to ' Hamlet.' Uf all Shakespeare's plays, thore is perhaps nono better known than this, and rare indeed is tho Shakespearian aotor who does not include tho chief character iu his repertoire. Nor is its popularity limited to tho profession, for, nu iortunately, scarcely an 'amateur dramatist ' exists who Las not 'studied the part,' and can, on a moment's notice, drawl forth tome ot tho heavier speeches with mtenso delight to himself and dismay to his hearers Besides this too favoured popularity there is in the dee-p import and hidden meaning of tho character of Hamlet a niino of a most fascinating description for 'Shakespearian club' explorers. Volumes have been written by these inthusiastic contributors to Shake spearian literature proviug, or tending to provo, to much for tho unhappy Hamlet, and showing him to havo possessed such diverso characters and to havo aimed nt such startling ends that ono is liable to think the original author of tho play an inventor of a second Chinese puzzle or an imitator of tlio Sphinx iu setting humanity a riddle impossible to fathom. Fortunately Brisbane; no far, has escaped tho thrilling excitement of a Hamlet controversy, but it has been favoured wi'h the visits of many nrv interpreter, who, from tho point of vantago behind tho footlights, has hurled forth 1ho cutting sarcasms or philosophical utterances of the ancient Dauo in ovtry possible degree of intensity. It has been taid that before the character of Hamlet can ho played at all it should bo studied for at least five years in private, and that then it can only be partially known. Tho great names of dramatic conquerors which tho mention of tho character calls to mind, should alone be a sufficient deterrent for those r.ot possessing high, tragic ability f romat! empt iug the putt. Few aro the actors who can reach to iho height and ability necessary for tho long study and strong interpretation the character requires, and seldom, therefore, is an opportunity offered in this city of seeing an intelligible representation. In his two pre vious appearances Mr. Geo. O. Miln impicssed Ins audiences with tlio fact of his possessing remarkably good tragic abilities; but he scarcely gave thorn grounds for expect ing mcli a display of histrionic talent as ho evinced on Saturday evening. His reading of the character was, of course, c'liiforent iu somo respects i'lem that, generally played hero, ami indeed, in some points, from th.it played else where. An eviclcnt desire to be historically ctorrcctin pronunciation and punctuation showed his study had not been limited entirely to the 'copy,' while a few verbal altnrations from the everyday edition pointed to bin haviufr searched farther than the preecii t forms of speech to gru «p the meaning of some sentences. The luttur mnv be especially instanced in his remark to Ophelia, iu tho play scene : ' Then let tho dtvil wear blact, ior I'll have a suit of scarlet,' intioducing tho word '. -cadet' in place of the generally used ' sables,' an alteration which is contended to bo the correct meaning of the word an it appears in older oopies of Shaku speare, whero it. is written 'sabris.' Ot his acting in genera), it may be enid that Mr. Miln lias not yet appeared hero to a greater advan tage, while in sorao of the intense passages he rose to an eminence far above that attained by many udmired.trajjedians. Iti the speech eonnnc-ncinj,-, '.Now I am alone,'' lie pourtrayed thu passionate disclaiming ot' Ham let s seli-aecusation of cowardice and the sub sequent acceptance of the charge with masterly effect. The scene with Oplieli:!. when he tfikt-H back his 'remombi.inces,' which were given with Words or so Hwcut uraith.coiniioscil As made- the things liiuru riuli, dif-elaiming that he ever loved her, ho played with vivid ieii)it.y. The advice, ' Got theo to a nunnery,' u passage where there is n largo possibility to rant, was in no part over strained, mid the same may be slid of tho well-known soliloquy, 'To boor not. to be,' which precedes tlio interview-. £n the play scene, Mr. Milu followed almost entirely what is considered to be the most authentic group ing, but ho eclipsed his own acting in this by his after appearance with the queen. The keen varcatm with which the part abounds was de livered in nnexuggerated force, and the in dignant son hurling s com on bis erring mother's head was fnitr.fully depicted. This sceuu was somewhat different from that usually staged. The ghost of the dead king did not appear, and the body of Polonius, who had been killed behind . the arras, was not dragged off by Hmulet, an innovation which few will regret. In the graveyard i-ceno, whore Hamlet takc-s tho skuV. of Yorick from the gruvudiggdr, Mr. Miln follows tho later interpretation of the part by holding tho skull in both hands, caressingly, and speaks nioro to himself than to his com panions when he muses on the attributes of his one-time playmate. Thero is,, however, ono point where Mr. Miln does not retain tho high position his acting otherwise wins for him in the piece. Tho duel fought between Hamlet and Laertes, the brother ot the ill-fated Ophelia, is usually made a most prominent part, correct in every detail of the art of fencing. Unfor tunately on Saturday evening this was not carried out, the thrust and parry of foiling being varied by iho cut mid guard of broad swords. The Ophelia of Miss Louisn Jordan was a fair representation. She appeared to the roost; advuntage in the scene whnre Ophelia has gene mad through tho loss of her f.ithor, sliowing a fine versatility of expression in thu rapid change from sadness to mirth. Tho queen of Miss Knto Donglus would have bnon better if more stnteliuess hud boen thrown into itin the early portion of the piece. She, however, in the scene with Hamlet, showed considerable emotional power, and was warmly applauded. Mr ' Eobert Veruon might havo maflo rnoi-o out of tlia churaoter of Polonius, the Lord Chum berluin. Tho parts of tho two gravodijrgora were both well filled, the first gravedigger of Mr. Robert Grevillo being a really capital representation. Tho mounting of the. piece was well managed, and the setting for. the chief hall in the palace was exceptionally ftuo. Ono or two slight defects woro ;doubtless due to the fiist night's hurry, and should diNippear on u second representation. 'Hamlot' will bo played until furthor notice, and should1 attract many to the Opera House. 