DEAD MAN'S ROCK. A ROMANCE. BY Q. [Tho Telegraph Newspaper Company, Limited, liavo secured all tlio Uuceiislaud riKbts.&u;' tills work, tho copyright of whleli belongs to Messrs. -Cnssell and Company, Limited.] .BOOK FIRST. THE QUEST. OF THE GREAT RUBY. OnAITEB VI. — (CantillllciJ.) : , ?: - WEliad determined to cut aoross Polkimbra Beach and climb up to Liihtrlg by Ready Money Cliffs, ns in older to go along tho path abovo tlio oliifs wo should liavo to ascend Pol ?liimbra. Hill again. The bench was eo full of horror to nie'tliat without a companion I could iiot havo 'crossed it ; but Tom's preseuco lent than I liad over seen . him ; ho grow voluble ; piuised the captain, udn irtxl liis talk, and; de clared adventure to bo abroad in the air — in fact, throw up his head as though I10 scouted it. ? ? . Yes, adventure was in tlio oir. It .was not exactly to my taste, liowevor, nor did tho thought of mj- poor mother ac.homo mako mo moro sympathetic with Tom's, ecstacy ; so whilst lio chattered I s rode gloomily forward over the beach. . The day was drawing towards noon. Oct -- her was revelling in an after- taste of summer, aiid unileel in broad glory over beach nnd sea. A light breeze boro eastward a few lleocy clouds, and tbo waves danced and murmured beforo its breath. Their salt scent was in our nostrils, nnd tho glitter of tlio saiid in our oyea. Black and sombro in tho clear air, Dead Man's Rock rose in gloomy isolation from tho sea, whilo tho sea-birds swept in glistening circles round its summit. But wliut was that at its base? Seemingly, a littlo knot of mon stood at tho ' water's edge. As wo drew, nearer I. could dis tinguish their forms but not tbeir_oecupation,' for thoy stood iu a circle, intent on'somo objeot ? in tlieir midst concenlcd from our tt.ow. Pre sently, however, thoy fell into a rough line .as though making for the archway to Ready; Money Cove. Something thoy carried among thc-m, nnd continually stooped over ; but what' it was I could, not see. Their pace was very slow, but they turned into tho areh nnd wero disappearing, when I caught sight of tho un couth lilllo figure of Joo Roscorla among the last, and ran forward, liuiling him by name. At tho sound of my voico Joe started, turned round, and mado a slow pauso ; then, with a few words to his neighbour, came quiokly to wards ihe. As ho drew near, I saw that his face -vos white and his manner full of em barrassment ; but ho put on a smile, and spoko first — f ' Why, Jasper, what be doin' along hero ?' 'I'm going home. Has Uncle Loreday seen mother ? And is she better f' ' ' Aw iss, he've a seen her an' she be quieter, leastways, ho be bound to do her a power o' good. But what bo goin' baok for? 'Taint no use botheriii' indoors wi* your mother in tliicky wisht state. Run about an' got some play-'' ' W hat were you doing down by tho Rock just now, Joo ?' J 00 hesitated for a whilo ; stammered, and then said, ' Nuthin.' 'But, Joe, you wero doing something; what wero you carrying over to Ready Money ?' ' Look- eo here, my lad, run an' play, an' donu't ax no questions. '.Taint for littlo boys to ax questions. Now I comes to think of it, Doctor s.aid ns yon was to stay over to Lizard Town, 'cos there ain't no need of a passol of boys in a sick houso ; so run along back.' foe's voico had a curious break in it, and his 1 wliolo bearing was so unaccountable that I did ] not wonder when Tom quietly said— ' Joe, you're telling lies.' Now J Of was, in an ordinary way, tho soul of truth; go I looked for an explosion. To my surprise, however, he took no notice of tho insult, but turned again to mo ' Jasper, lad, run along back ; do'ee now.' His voice was so full of entreaty that a sud dfii suspicion took hold of mo. 'Joe, is — has anything happoned to mother 'c' ' 'i 'Noa, to be sure: she'll bo srettin' well fast enough, if so bo as you let lior be.' 'Then I'll go and seo Uncle Loveday, and find out if I am really to go back;' I made a motion to go, but ho caught mo quickly by the arm. . ' Now, Jasper, doan't eo go; run baok, I tell'co — run hack — Itell'oeyou must go back.' His. -words. wero, so earnest and full of com mand that I turned round and faoed him. Something in his eyes filled me with sickening fear. , 'Joe, what wero you carrying?'. No answer. J 00, what were you carrying ?' Still no answer ; but an appealing motion of the'hand. . , ; -. :r ' 'Jeo, what was it?' 1 ' Go back,', ho said hoarsely, *' go baok.' ' I will not, until I have scon what you were ' carry higr.' 'Go back, boy, for God's sake go baok !' I -wrcnelied myself from his grasp, and ran wiih all speed. Joe and Tom followed mo, hut fear gave me fieetness. _ Behind I could hear Joe's panting voico, crying,' 'Como. baok!' but the agony in his tone set mo running faster. 1 flew through tho arohway, and saw tho small procession half way across, tho cove. At my. shout thoy halted, paused, and one or two advanced as if to stop mo. But I dashed through their hands into their midst, and saw — God in heaven ! What? Tho drowned faoo of my father ! : ' Tenderly as women they lifted ino from tho'.' body. . Gently and with, tear-stained faces, . they stood' around and, tried to comfort me, I Reverently, whilo Joo Roscorla held me in his tliey had known and loved so well, and oarried it up tho cliffs to Liiutrig. As tlioy lifted tho latch and boro tho body across tho threshold, a yell of luaniao luughter echoed , through tho house to the very roof.' . 1 .' ' And 'this . was my father's ' Welcomo Homo'!' Nay,' not all ; for as Undo Loveday started to his feet,, the door behind him .flow open, and my mother, all in white, with very madness in her eyes, rushed to. tho corpse,1 knelt, caught the dead /hand, .kissed -. and fondled tho dead face, cooing and softly hiughiug tlio whilo with a tender rapture that would have moved hell itself to pity. In this manner it waB that these two fond lovers met. ; Ciiaitkb VII. TELLS HOW UKCLK LOVEDAY MADE A DI.COVEBY ; AKD WHAT T1IE TIN BOX CONTAINED. An hour afterwards I was eittiug atthe bedside of my dying motli6r. The Bhock of that tcrriblo meeting had b:ought her under standing—and death ; for as her mind returned her lifo ebbed away. White and plaoid bIio lay upon her last bed, and spoke no.word ; but in her eyes could bo read her death- warrant, and by me that which was yet moro full of anguii-li, a tender but unfading reproach. This world is full of misunderstandings, but seldom is met ono so desporute. How could I toll lior now ? And how could elio ever understand ? It was all too late. 'Toolato! too late !' the words haunted mo thero us tho bright buu struggled through tho drawn blind nnd illu mined her snintly face. Thoy aud tho look in her sweet 1 yes havo haunted mo muuy a day sinco then, and would be with mo yet, did I not Volioi-o .1,,. 1,„„„.„ ♦!,„ Irntl, lo.t Tl,n„n too rnuny ghosts in my memories for hoayen to lightly add this ono moro. irlio was dying— slowly and peacefully dying, and this wbb tho end of her waiting. Ilo hud returned ntlast, this husband for whoso coming sho had watched so long. Ho had l'O: turned at last, after all his labour, and had been laid at her feet a dtad man. Sho was fie-o to go and join her lovo. To mo, child as I wus, this was sorely cruel. Death,' aB I know now, is very mc/ciful oven when ho socms most merciless, but as I sat and watched tho dear lifo slowly drift away from me, it wus a hard matter to understand. The pale sunlight came, nnd flickered, and went ; but sho lay to ull seeming unchanged. Her pulso's beat was fuiling — failing; tho broken heart feebly struggling to its rest ; but her sad eyes were still tho samo, appealing, questioning, rebuking — all without hopo of uuswc'r or explanation. So wero they when tho sobbing fishermen lifted hor from the body, so would they bo until closed for, the lust Bleop. It ?wiis very cruel. ?' *? ' 1 ?' ' (To it tontimul.) 