f— I s— swasmuiwpiiM. i i. »w hi MII !!! !!! ill ii ail I i THE DEATH SHIFT" ;,,, A STBANGE STORY ; is ascoopt of a cruise in the flying | BOWKMAN, HIiLmilD lBeX WHB PAYERS I or MB LATE MR, 6B0I7SEY FJUftCN, OP I POPLAR, MASTER MARINES, I By W. Crass Svssell, i Asthoi of ' Ifca Wreak of the Giosvenor,' 'The OoUeu Hope,' etc. SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS flHAPTFRS. Chapters I to IV— The narrator of tbe i story le Geoffry Fenton, from whose papers it is collected, He tells how he Rails as second n&te; in the Saracen, under Captain SkeviBg- wa. lney speak the Lovely Nancy near the Equator, aad the captains Samuel Bullock, : oi Rntherhithe, tells Captain Skevlngton of saving eeen tfce Phantom Snip, which seemed, to be under the command of a tall man with agreat beard, and with a faca as of a man khi n&i; aiaa and when dug up resumed his deabb j bed aspect He warns him against thefihipaaq a spectre to shunned -' I Cbafibbs "V to VII.— As tha Saracen »PW»ache» Tabte Bay, Captain .SkevingtoU;! spe to Fenton in a depressed, superatUtepsJ !21 Kiantdm Ship, and, rears 'tha'tii tWf will meet her. After eoc tome rough weather, daring which the j pmter breaks his leg, Fenton has a| ?eraatin with him as to the ph enomdnOB, speaking with the Lovely Nancy wnica had seen the flying Dutchman. Toe j carpenter is greatly unnerved by the narration, says, ' I never yet knew or beard of a ebip "tuning 10 anotaer of having met. Dutobmaa I toout the other meeting the Ghost too afore j wessnded her voyage-' 1 Chapters VIII. to X,— Next day the crew j jw horrified by the fact that Captain j oKevington ie found in his cabia with his j orams blown out, having evidently in at mmeiit of delirium shot himself. Mr. Hall, nnmBte, harangues the men, who express/ desire that the ship shall be directed so Table ntll i 018 ee oan purified from the effects oi tue contagion' with the vessel that bed wen the ill-fated Vanderdecken, by the b.h/68 . a c'ergymao. Hali promises to i aioS1?- l)at the next seneation ie the gnsmg of a curious craft, silent aad »»!S?!1088,an« aB they approach nearer, one fious toaman remarks with a kind of scream Jesus'11?1 opa t0 >a otgivm. for hat century/ y mat w 1 -Chapt a XI, — A Cbubl Disaster BefAX&b; I rp, MB. >-! =; I _ine mere putting into words the bus- j fwiomhat had been troubliog all our minds Ku0!?8010 action of the wh61e #crtwf « we fttog foSty pieces of ordnance in ! Ui/i?6 Whatever the sailors they flnng down, and, in a ttoMd Sir.iv. waia on the starboard side, stood looking at the erblp and ' neifiT' that silence, the strangest auaiSS vJCT w« he"« with khetrAe# leartul hreshing. p . ooder !' broke in one ht them 1lmiS!?V -5l'y0kl,ow What till shining thJS k y» it's the glow bf tinSbers ... " "r thaS,Jtoml' another ; 'ttt fieU o! deviu 50rw ' th®y have founder us' shall see hc 'ibeljk 8 our oompany ' of aeatoS®. ; aB bslievej ohe will be manned by the i ghosts of wished men who feaye perished at ; sea ? preseutly a bell shall strike, and she ! muBt disappear !' As this was said there was a Gocahnction forward, and the oasrpentor, borne by two stout haus, was carried into tne midst of the crew, and propped up go that he might I sac the ship. I was as eager an sny of tha i most illiterate sailors on board to hear what he had to say, and took a step forward the' bettor to catch his words, A whole minute went by whilst he gazsd ; so strained -and arsticlgative were my senses that the moments BSemed as honrs. He then said, Mates, yonder'g the D?ath Ship right enough. Look bardj and yoe'il mark tha stseve of her bowsprit ?l6h the round top at the end of it, and spring of her -aft "in a fashion more aucieat .thr.ia in tha eges of any two of the eldest men aboard. Nate fchn after rake of feer. -miKK;mmavf:. nnd hnw tbe hesl of tbe foremast looks to step ?o the ; Jorepeak That's the ship - born in 1650 , yaderdioken taster— what I've often heard tell bf—raise Sny head, msieg l5 Ad here. JiJi rough paxu or weakness, or hO!nior, he &5Uied, but- being laid opon the deck, and soma water thrown over his face, he came to is & short white/- and lay trembling, leiosisg to speak or answer | questions. . A slight thinning of the vapour that hid j the moon had enabled us so remark those points in tha Bhip the carpenter had named and whilst he w&S; being r«csvered f rom/bis ; swoon, the moon looked down from a gnll In the mist, but her light was still very tarnished and dim, though blurred and dis- I torted as was her appearance, yet there I inefcantlv formed round her the same halo or wan oiroia that was visible before she was I hidden. Bat her apparition made a light I th&t; exquisitely answered to those two imes j of Shakespeare: — | ' Tddretore the moon, the governess of flooda, j Pale m her uoger waehes ell the air.' I For such radiance as fell rosily seemed like a j i cleansing of the atmosphere after the black | smother thai had enoompassed us, and now I ; we conld all see the ship distinctly as she I lay on our quarter with her broadside some- 1 what to us, her yards trimmed like our own, I and her saUe hanging dead. j It was the eolemnest sight that ever mortal eye beheld. The IigUti lels her black, I sr. there was notelliug what h«£ she showed I or was painted. Her bows lay low in £be | I w&ser; after the old fashion, with head- boards | I curling so her bsok, asd that doubtless bore I aa oruameht;, though we codld not dis j tinguieh it. - There she rose like a ririj&.tnrbken wish tho bulwarks that 1 defined ber waist, quarterdeck and i short poop. This was as much ae | we could discern o? her hull. Her foremast J ssood close to where the hk Sl of her bowsprit came ; hsr"mizzeumaft raked over her stern, j srsdupobit was a yard answering -to the rigl of a felucca / the clew of a ess! came down j clear oi a hage lant«ru wliost5 iron frame, j ff all the glftea in if wsg brdken aad gene, I showed iike the skeleton of _ seme 1 mbneter on her taffrall. - It was a sight to I ierrif y lhe stoutest heart to see the creeping 1 of tbin, worm or wire»like gloamings upon | the eide she ahowad to us.- L oonsidjBiied t I nrat she was glossy, arid that those lights J ' were the reflection of the phosphoric fires ia the water under her ; hut It was soon tnada plain that this was not bo, as, though be sure a greenish glare the t&us; s&a-fisrue; would show against or near her when she j alSahtlv Inttlprl. as vss d C.tC fchS 8?<'ell. thlE i charnetehouse or touch arfod glimmer played all along h?r without regard to the phospho rescence under her. i « What think you of her, Feptcnf said I Mr. 5a;l, speaking softly, but with much of his excitement and uoesstsess gosie. VDoeB she resemble th<z craft that the master of- the snow told Capsam Skeviogtca he sighted hereabouts?' ! Why. yes, I think so,' said I ; 1 but it t dees not follow that she is she Pb&stom; j Bhip. The Plymouth hooker's yarn owed a I good deal to terror, and it would not lose In I Its pag8»g9 through tbe brain of a lunatic, as i fear poor Skevington was. She has a very solid lock — she la a real i nt the ' like of her I have -sever seen eavein old, printe. Mark those faint fiery stripes and spteals upon her,, T doiuot un- ,d?st;P4 it The wood that yields- such Bght 'mfiei; :'3tiB as rotten afl tmc'er and poroCB j a«, a sponge. It could hot swltn.' ; v By this time the mysterious rship had floated out her. whole length, unless it wereour vessel that h&d; eiewed and had given us that view oS her, , No light save the lambent v L mSJ AN «W«M ' ' \il/ A giBwIUo UU UOt BftUUO WrtU UU UO CUCUl " v nouid hear no voices. We could discern no iftnWjmsnti of figures. or dlsticguiBh any outline reeecihling a humatti sHaPe tipon hsr. J On a sudden my eye was caught by an illumination overhsad Hhat mad&h; , uEtre-: Rtcong enough to enable me .to sde |hi-jkbe HaII. 1 looked no. conceiving that oqe of our grew bad lumped aloft with a lantern, and saw" at"' our' malts yarftaifDiR corpus Rant, or St. Elmo's light, that shone fresly l£ke: a luminous bulb, poised a few iaoheB alMivB tbe kpar Soarce had this been prffag «|»e Jf ioureamsn iio f itme two bright meteors of a simiur kind 1 upon the itrange ship; one on top of the tqpg&ilantm;&st; bead that was the full heigh of; the main spars, acd'Oae on the summit of a maBi g ocd up from the round top at the- end of the bowsprit, avd that in oid&n; > times, before it- was diacontiaued, would have besn called the sprit topmast. Thsy had I ; aoaiethiug of the glory of stars ; their refl.ee- j i tics twisted, like silver serpents in the dark ' ; waters ; and as though tbey had bsenflsm- j beaux or lamps, ihsy flung their gpeetraV j glow upon tha strangely cut sails of the i ."Vessel,; upon ber rigging and spars, sickling all thisga jte their starry colour, dimly iliu- « miQting4i®tsnt even the oastle-Iike poop, show j iog blhhr-y the dark line of bulwarks, whilst a ! deeper dye :cf blackness entered ;mto the hall ! frsniths shadow between the corpus saats I bn high aad tbeir mirronhg beoeath. j ; ' Thanks be to God for the sight of thoss I fights 1' sounding out among the men. 4 Ifa a saint's haad as kmclas them, I've heard ; i and there'll be a breeze with luck behind it 1 presently.' See, Mr, Hall !' cried I, pstefcipg ; do j you bbaerve the figures of men? Look along the fins al; the fcreesstls — one. two, three— I oauut sis ; there ; imd look right aft on thai j bit of a poop. Do you mark a couple of shapes viewing us as if with folded asms?' j 1 Yes 1' He paused, staring, then added: Those lights are familiar enough to mti ; I've seen them acorsr? of times,' spsakicg in whispers, which teasbled back so ,.iaer former notes of consternation, bus there's somethmy, frightful about them sow— and ou-: yardarm, ' and . j the sig'ar, they show. She's no hsrkl fehip? Ke "said', 'pulling off his cap, and passing his I hand ever his fcrske&d;, ' Would to God a breeze would corns and pact us.' 'Hail him noain sir !' s HaK' bim you, my throat is dry.' I walked right aft to brisg ma mor r.brsast of -ifee silest rnd'ionlESE figures on the stranger's pop, end jumping on to the rail caught hold of the vsng of the spanker- gaff to steady myself, and putting a hand to ray mouth, roared ou$, f Ship ahoy ! What &hip; is that ?' and stepped breathless, so that I seemed to hear tbe echoes of my own voice among the sails of the stranger, I 4 What ship is ihat ? now catoe bsck In a deep organ-like note, and the two figures separated, one walking forward, and the othsr stepping, as I had, 02 to the bulwark over ihe quarter-gallery. 'The, Saracen of Loudon, bound to j Indian ports,' I responded, j c I will stmd a boat !' cried the ma 5 in the j same deep-throated voice. I If you do, we'll fire into it !' screamed a I Seaman on cur deck.- 'Mates — Mr. Hall, | you see now what he ie ! Keep them off I — I keep them off i' at which there was a sudden | hurrying of feet, with many clicking sounds 1 of triggers oharply cocked, by which I knew oar men had aroies themselves. The corpus sent at bur ysrdarm vsnifflted ; In a few seconda it showed itosli afresh mid« way up the maisim&se;, msiihg a wild light all around it ; those on the stranger burned steadily, and I believed a third had been kindled on her, till I saw it was a lantern carried along ihe deck. There was a still ness lasting some minutes. What they were about we could not see; auc n came a , creaking, as of ropes iravelling in blocks, I then a light splash : the lantern dropped j jerkily down the ship's sida, plainly grasped i by a man ; flashes of phosphorus broke hu of lbs water to the d;g of oars, like nee_ clipped 1 toJk'M- 43 «<n 4 T f A 4 Ato lil/ltSft rH - iffUXU vfc UiUb. A leit <1 XaiUV »iS. g.j did not heed it, being half -frenzied with the excitement and fear raised in me by what I oould now sea — thanks to the light of the St. Elmo fires, and the mystic crawiings ct flames on tha vessel's sides — was a brat, square at both cads, with the gunwale tunning out into horns, rowed by two figures, whilst a third stood upright m the fasws, holding high a lighted Isa terra Ib one hand, and extending his other arm in a posture of aapplication. At this iost&nt; s yellow glare broke out In a noontide dazzle from our own chip's, rail, and the thunder of twenty muskets fired at once fell upon my hsarisg. I started with the violence ci fas soock Dssastrng w» «t»u» me, heedlesily les go the; chain .that I had been grasping with nay - left faend, and fell, headlong overboard, Chapter XEL— I am Rescued by the Death Ship. I rose to the surface from a deep plunge, but being a very indiffierentswhnmar, iA wa8.as.much as I could dp—clothed as 1 as-2fo$eijj myself afloat my hands. 1 heard the ripplicg of the maf.at> afsrinl; m- cyp - And I fell A Q6G9 despair settle upon my spirits, for I knew that the air that blew WonltT carry my phlp away from me isd that I must speedily q« rtrnggJBd h»d. to Jseep myseLf aflpM ffeely toreakmg tbe water in the hope that the light and: whiter ess of it might be seen. Eonr or five minutes tbas ps«sed, and I was feeliDg my. le growing .weighty as lead, noticed a digbt approacli. me. My ayes being fuil of wet, I could see no tupe ; than the light, what hpld or bore It being eclipsed by the spikes or fibres that shot out of It V rs you Motioea candle Aam» when tee !' IM.— i— w— wi>» < nm 1 ivgmiOi' ii iii.WI'b I «I .IWI brain was giddy, my mind sinking into a babbling slate, and ia truth I was so ex< hausted that, hut for the sudden life dartei into me by the sight of the temp, £ am sura I should then and there have clenched my hands above my head and sunk. The lantern was flashed full upon mr face and I was g&aspsd; by my hair. Hs who seized ma spoke, and I believed it waa the voice of one of tha men in my w.tek, though I did not catch a syllable of hrs speech. After which I felt myself grasped under eaohcarm and lifted out of the water, whereupon I no doubt fainted, for there is a blank between this and what followed, though the interval was very short. | When I. opened my eyes, or rather 'when i my senses returned to me, I found myself ly ng on my back, and tb9 first Vnmg Ij noticed was tho moon shining weakly amid / thin bodies of vapour which the witsd had ! set in motion, and which sped under her in ! puffs like the smoke of gunpowder after - he j discharge of a cannon, I lay musing a Httie ; wh|le, conscious of nothing but the noon and some dark stretches of sail hovering above me ; but my mind gathering force, 1 saw by the cut of the canvas that I was an board a strange ship, and then did I observe ! three men standing nes? my feet watobing me. i A great terror seized my heart. I sprang | erect with a loud cry of fear, and rushed «o the rail to see if the Saracaa was neai: tb?.t 1 1 might hell her- but was staged in that by being seized by the arm. He who clutched me exclaimed in Dutch, ' What would "on do ? If you could swim for a week you would not caieh her,' I perfectly understood hem, bu$ made no reply, did not even look at him, stering abcut vac sen IUI wo u traueu ta au suguisu ui j mind not to bs expressed. Suddenly I j caught eight of ihe smudge of her, and per j ceived she was heading away on hex course ; she was out on our stai board beam, i cast my eyes aloft, and found the yards of ihe ship I was in braced up £0 meet the xind on the larboard tack, whence I knew that every instsnft w&s; widening the space between Ihe two vessels. On mastering this I could have dashed myself down on the deck with grief j and terror. . Oae of the group observing aae as if I should fall, extended his hand, hut I shrunk back with horror, and covered my face, whilst deep hysteric sobs burst iom my breast, for now, without heeding any further appearances, I knew that I waa on board the Phantom Ship, the Sea Spectre, dreaded of marines, & f&bxic; accursed of God, fn the presence of man de&d; and yet alive, more terrible in their supernatural existence, in their clothing of flesh whose human mor tality had been rendered nndecaying by a fate that shrunk up the soul in one to think of, than had they bees ghosts— essences through which ypu might pass your hand as through a moonbeam 1 I stood awhile av though paralysed, but w&s; presently rallied by the, chili of the : night wind striking through my streaming clothes. A lantern wae near where the three men were grouped, no doubt the same that had been carried in the boat, but the dim illumination would have sufficed lot no more than to throw out the proportion of things within its sphere, had It not been helped by the faint mcou'ight and a corpus gant that shone with the powers of a planet close against she blocks of the jeers «£ the maiuyard. 'Twas a ghostly raciame to behold the men in, but I found nerve now to survey them. Thsre were three, as I have said ; cue very j tail, above six feet, with a grey— slmost j white — beard, that descended to his waist ; the second was a broad, corpulent man, of j tha true Dutch build, without hair en his 5 face ; in the third man I could see nothing Striking, if it were set for a ruggedness ot seafaring aspect. I could not dis? roguish their apparel beyond that the stout man wore boots to the height 'of hie kieea, wheroaa the tail persensge was elad in black hose, shore with large buckles. .and breeches terminating at the . knees ; tbejr bead dresses were alike, h sort of cap o£ ikin, with flaps for the ears, Do you speak Dateh V said the l a! test of ; the three, after eyeing ms in siienec, whilst bi man could have counted s hundred. He it was who had responded to my bail from the Saracen, as my ear immediately detee ted— . now that I had my faaultiee— by tbe deep oran-like melodiopsuess and iremonr of his veloe, lanswered 'Yes.' Why were your people afraid ci us ? We intended no barm. We desired but-, a little favour — a smalTquantity of tobacco, ofwhidh wears short.' This sneeoti I fallowed, thocca cocae of the words, or the prctinnetetion of ihi-m, were different front what I had beea used \o hc&r; at Rotterdam. Ha spoke imperiously, with a flint even of passion, rearing himrslf to liia fall stature, clasped his hands behind him, .and stared at: me as some Indian King might at a slave. 1 Sir,' said I, Bpeaklng brokenly, for I was a slow hand at his tongue, and, besides, the chill of my clothes was now became a pain, first 1st me ask what pbip. Is this, and who arc yen and vour men Who have rescued me from death?' ' The name of this ship is tho ! aavs,' be answered, In his deep solemn vote ' liWho : command the vessel, am known eg Cornelius Y &udcrdeckeu; ; the three seamen, to whom you owe your life, are Frederick Houtman, John de Bremen, and Ihis man,' indicating the rough, uncouth person who stood on his left, 4 the mate, Herman Van Vogelaar.' I felt a ae&safiion; as of Ice pressed to my chest when be pronpuneed his own name, yet, recollecting he had called his ship the Bra&ve;, I asked, though 'twas wonderful he could follow my utterance — < What port do you belong to?' 'Amsterdam.' ' Where are youfrcm V j 4 Bate via.' ! I said, 'When did you sail ?' ! 1 On the twentV'seco&d; of Julv in lut Mat 1 By the glory of the Holy Trinity, hot it ie draary work ; see how the wind heads as even yet !' He sighed deeply and glaneed aloft in a manner that Suggested grievous weariness. ' Last year !' I thought, a sudden elation expanding my soul od calming . me as an opiate might. 4 If that be so, why, then, though this ship had made a prodigiously long voyage 0! it from Java to these p&raHek;, there is nothing wildly out of nature in ssoh tardiness. ' Last year ! Had I caught tho true signification of the words he used ? Pray, sir,' said I, speaking in as firm a voice as the shlvera whieh ohased me per. mitted, what might last year be?' ; The mate, Van Vogelaar, growled out some exclamation I conld mot: eatoh, the captain 1 made a gesture With his hands, whilst their | burly companion said in thick, Dutch \ accents, 'It heeds not saltwater, but good, J strong liquor to take away a Hollander's brain.' \ 4 Last year !' exclaimed Vanderdfioken, un- i bending his haughty, imperious manner, / i « bIit. nvBhem'. what nhanld bs hit veftr but 1653 V Chapter XIII.— Wy zym al Verdoiir. When he said this, I felt like one in whom there is suddenly wrought a dual action of the brain, where from one side, so to say, there is darted into the mind thoughts utterly illogical and lnsaae, which the same side marvels at, and seeks to reject, "though if the fit linger the whole intelligence may bs seized. / ,v j" Tte; : ; I rsoollect. of seeking : Ihe words of the man who stjlrd bhnseff Vasderdecken, in the Bhip, and of notielng for the first time, that upon the planks ol the deck whieh were on! of the reaoh of the corpus sant were the same crawling, elusive fires, as of phosphorus, creeping arid coming and going upon a dark wall, vhiohI hid observed on the veesel's sides. BeveratfigureS of men moved forward Close beside me was small gCa cf the klca carried by ahips in ther beginning of the last century, termed a light saker, and dieohargiug a six-pound fe&U.; There were three of these on the larboard side, and. in the hazs of the mGonliffht and the sheen, of . the jelly-like star that ehbne with a pure, pals gold over my head, I could discern upon the bulwarks of the quarter deek and poop several swivels furnished with ; : handles for pointing them. I also observed a short flight Of steps conducting te the quarter-deck, with two sets of a like kjfnfl leading to the poop, the front of which ,.Vai furnished with a door and little window., ' These matters I took in with a sweep el the tyo, for the light was echfueing, a faint, I errohsous ray glancing £ Tfrbm . ImpeSfect j surfaces, and flingiEg half an image; and \ theu, ah indescribabte fear possessing me Egaiuj I looked in the direction where £ had iasr neneia cne smuage maae »y tne Saraeen, and, not sesing hsr, cried out wildly, ! In my broken Dutch, 'Sirs, for the love oi ! God, follow my ship, aad make some signals I that ehe may know I am here.' - Skipper,' exclaimed the Bmooth-faoed eorpulent man, who provedrito be v the boattwain, ; Antony Ams, if afte their oowardly inhumanity hi mig upon a email unarmed boat, and putting to peril the life nt our mate, Van Voge|sv vee tfeoald have nbtblhgmoreto dowitbpiQr ; "-v' i-- . 'Hencefth this vrfil Imow th|| ,flie Dotch are a memi lul pens W said Van Vogelaar, scornfully, 'Had our nationalities been reversed, he would have neeniea so urowa an a cuouse ap sae sewage of, his eomrades.' . Whilet this was sai Vanderdftrtwu con- tinuad to regard me ktifeihuyTlutd with great sternness, then on relaxing his frown, he exclaimed in that wondrous .qfhh- iddQhpnt .jMrigng. fnulluio his least utferanG6 : 1 OoMsybu miivar with the bdid, and hava tlte look qf the drowned. Jans, send' rrlns "%o mfi f but, He motioned in a halty 'ssuiner with a prayer to God, .tfcii- 1 this caperSenm might prove some eeffpte of'thy reaaon from which my mind would fit at outhright afresh eke ldng, I followed the great figure pf the optain, hct with a step vo lalfethig from weaknbsi and grist, that h perariwiiig iny cMflldn tbok me.by"lh.c rttlftt: <Hd «up- poried"xhe up the ladder W the fiahin unoct .Whether it was this coiuctesy br owing to ' I have confessed my oowardiee- iviiatcvc ; Jguk ' , interior into which Captain Ysaderdecken ocndnoted me was oi a dingy yellowish hue, eiioh as age might complexion delioatejthfce paint with. An oil lamp o! a very beautiful, elegant, jnd rare pattern, tarnished with eight panes of glass, variously and all ehoieoiy coloured with figareB o! birds, flowers, and the like, through the opening at the bottom let the white light of the oil- flame laU fair on to the table and the deck, swnng by a thin chain from a central beam. The cabin was the width of the ship, and oh lis hulls were oval frames, dusky as old mahogany, each one, as I suspected, holding a painting. Over the door by which the cabin was entered was a cloak, and sear it hung a cage with a parrot in it. Of ports I could see no remains, and supposed that by day all the light that entered streamed through the windows on either side the door. The desk was dark with age. At the after end there were two state cabins bulkheaded off from the living room, each with a door. The several colours of the lamp caused it to east a radiance like a rainbow, and therafcra it was hard to make sure of objects am d each an intricacy of illumination ; ba% as I have said, the sides of the cabin were a sickly dismal yellow and the furniture in is v?ss formed of a very solid square table, with lege marvellously earved, and a box beneath it, two benohes en either hand, and a black high. backed chair — the back of withered velvet, the wood: framing it eat into many dsviees— at the head or stemmoet end oi it. (m bb eoamrrsB.) 