ESCAPES FEOM PRISON. Prison-breaking, in the proper sense of the word, is now an event of very rare occurrence j but it may be doubted whether .even the cleverest prison-breakers of former times conld have accomplished their feats in the present day. Not only are tbe physical difficulties greater than they4 used to be, bat -the -? constant inspection, tbe ceaseless round of duties!' which are part of the modern prison discipline, give the con vie' c no time for ad ven tures of (hat kind. When a man r 6 rapes from prison in the present age he generally does so by cleverly *bu- iiig (be liberty of movement wbicti the modern gyHtetn allows, lie scales it wail while the wardnr'u back id turned, O', without premeditating en cucnpe., findd a door unlocked and takes advantage of the opportunity. Breaking through windows, or tun nelling under wails, is now impractic able. But it was not always so. In the old days convicts were left shut up in their ceils for many hours together ; they had plenty of time al their disposal ; and it is not surprising that they sometimes spent it in attempting to escape. It would, not, perhaps, be ieo much to say that the annals of war cannot show instances of greater daring, or the records of useful inventions give examples of more admirable ingenuity, than prisoners hare shown in regaining, or endeavoring to regain their liberty. No real escapes, il may be admitted, can watch the imaginary adventures of the abbe and the sailor in * Monte Christo ;' bnt some do not leave these splendid fancies far behind. A few — bnt only a few — of the most noteworthy at tempts have been made in our own country. Two of them are recorded in the chronicles of Millbank Prison, the names of the heroes of adventure being Pickard Smith and * Punch' Howard. Smith was only 18 years old when he made his escape from Millbank ; and, when the lad's age is considered, his achievement may be thought worthy of ranking beside the deeds of more famous scamps. He was conBned in a cell, the roof of which waB an arch of solid brickwork. It was the rule of the prison that on Saturday night clean clothes were served out to the convicts, the soiled ones remaining in the cells until the following Monday morning- Taking advantage of this circumstance, Smith fabricated out of his double set of clothing four ropes, each of which was nearly loug enough to reach from one floor of the building to another. Then, with the iron pin of the ventilator, he made a hole in the brick roof of hiB cell, crept through it, and found himself under the slate.'. He was soon on the roof of the prison, from whence he lowered himself by one of his ropes to a window-sil], from that by a eecand rope to the next window- sill below, and so on till he reached the ground. Once in the yard he managed to lay his hands on a rope, with which he lathed together two planks, and by (heir help he scaled the outer wall. *» Punch ' Howard's escape wan conducted on similar principals, but it was remarkable for the extra ordinary fact that the window through which he squeezed himself was a mere horizontal slit in the wall, three feet long, but only six and s-half inches high. He afterwards said that he got his head out first, and then (lying on his back) wriggled slowly through. When half way out he threw himself up, caught the coping of the roof, clambered up to it, and then by his rope and blanket Rtrips lowered him self to the ground. Fortunately for him, he landed in the graveyard ef the prison ; and the sentry, seeing a white object suddenly appear in that uncany place, took it for a ghost and fled, while Howard scaled the wall by the half of a plank and escaped. One prison bieaker, whose adven tnres have won for him a place in history, is Frederick Baron von Trenck. who had the misfortunate to offend Frederick, II. The facility with which Von Trenck bribed his gaolore, and corrupted Frederick's officers, and the frequency with which he was him self betrayed, throw a curious light on the ideas of honor obtaining in Prussia at that period. At his first attempt Von Trenck attempted to carry off a brother officer who wai-, like himself, a prisoner; Dut this individual be trayed him. He afterwards got a warder to bring him a file, and con structed a Saw out of a pocket-knife. By the help of these instruments he cut through his window, which was 60ft. from the ground ; but, in descending he fell, and was recaptured. Some time afterwards the comman dant of the fortress was speaking to him, when Von Trenck, with a really splendid audaeity, seized the officer's sword, cut his -way out of the place, leaped from the rampart, killed a sentry who opposed him, and would certainly have succeeded in escaping, but that he met another sentry, who overpowered him. Nothing daunted by his defeats, Von Trenck bribed soldier after soldier, and con opted one officer after another, only to be again betrayed. Eventually, however, he got his guard to allow him to escape, but in doing ao he had the misfortune to sprain his ankle.* For hours he and bis companion wandered about in tbe cold and darkness, not knowing where they were. Next day they procured horses from a peasant who had a son in the company of the officer who had fled with Von Trenck, and they reached Austrian territory. The Governor of Dantzig, however, delivered him up to the tyrant Frederick. This time Frederick threw him into a narrow ceil, damp and insufficiently lighted, and kept him chained to tbe -grail. Often he tried to regain his liberty, but in vain. At length he was set free, and made his way to France, where, it is aaid, he perished by the guillotine at the Revolution. Very clever escapes are detailed in. *' Underground Russia,' especially that in which the prisoner, a man enfeebled by confinement, darted from the prison - yard under the nose of a sentry at tbn gate, while some heavy hay- carts were entering, and succeeded in regaining his liberty. But perhaps the most remarkable of all recorded escapes from custody was that of Giovanni Casanova di Seingault from the '? Piombi ' of Venice. Above the hall where the dreadful Council of Three held their meetings, right under tbe bads, and exposed to the stifling heat of an almost tropical sun, were the cells known as the Piombi. In one of these, in the year 1755, Casanova, a ^ay and unscrupulous adventurer, was confined. He wbb lucky enough to find - in his call an iron bolt, 20 inches long, and Btrong enough to do useful work ; and with this he dug a large ho'.e under his V-ed, hoping to break through to the hall beneath. His improved lamp was furnished with the oil supplied for his salad, and hVinanuped to strike a light by tbe help of a flint and (he steel buckle of bis belt. But suddenly bis cell was changed, and the hole was discovered. Casanova met the crisis irith admirable coolness. He demanded to be taken before the Secretary of the Inquisition, a request with, which his gaoler, for obvious reasons, dared not comply. To his great }oy be found that hi? armchair, in the bottom of which he had concealed his piece of iron, was carried to his new cell. Some how he happened to find out that a monk was confined in the cell directly above his own ; and be contrived to communicate with his fellow-prisoner by means of notes concealed in the hollow under the backs of books. Eventually the piece of iron was transferred from the lower cell to the upper under a large pie-dish, and withj this the monk after many dangers and delays, broke a hole into Casanova's cell. The latter prisoner was drawn up by ropes, made of clothes,} into the upper appartment, and from it the two prison-breakers forced their way through the roof, and found themselves'at last upon the leads. Here their reals perils began. The roof was wet and slippsry, and the night was pitch dark. Casanova missed his footing, and slid down to the eaves. To his horror, he fonud that he could not stop himself — his legs and part of his body went over the edge, and he only saved himself by catching his elbows in the gutter which ran round the eaves. In this horrible position he hung, till by slow degrees he pulled himself up once more upon the roof. At length he noticed a garret window far below. It was almost inacceasabie, but he and his companion reached it, and succeeded in entering it. From the garret they made their way down to the lower parts of the building ; and when the morning broke they boldly walked out into the street. As soon as he was in safety Casanova burst into tears. Several other epcapes from the Piombi are recorded ; but from the Pozzi, the terrible underground dungeons by the walls of the canal, no prisoner ever succeeded in forcing his way to liberty, — London Standard. 