Bovelist. THE RIYAt BELLES OF PARRAIATIA. A CHARMING, LOVE STORY OF IN TENSE AND THRILLING INTEREST. ** ? - ? - '? ? By LAURA. JEAN LIBBEY. . j CHAPTER XXXVII. ?A STRUGGLE IN .TIIB DE.ID HOUR OF THE ? ' NIGHT. It was the most intense moment of Inez Covering's eventful life. Guy Livingston ; had turned and left her with those terrible words on his lips — loft her standing alone, speechless,' powerless, spellbound, in the chill, blue night. Bound her the wind was wliining arid blustering. Overhead tho .stars were burning golden. Tho burnished clouds had gone. No Bign. of any human figure — man or ghost — was near. Only tho fir trees stretching down tho desolate avenue, and at the far end, in the diimios3, tho high, white moon shining over the sleeping ?flowers. ; ? With a woird cry, Inez (sprang forward. Never, no, never would 3he lend herself to such .a scheme as Livingstone proposed. She had not sunk so lo w as that. ; She: would warn Max Forrester. She moved forward quickly toward the house, but in her excitement turned iiside from the path. . Her foot caught in tho entangling vines, and sho was thrown violently on her 'face, whero sho lay motionless: like one striken dead; An hour passed by, and in accordance with hispromise, Guy Livingston returned; but, much to his surprise, and anger, Inez ? ,C!8.Y0ring,was not there, r He did not seo the unconscious, figure that lay so white and cold in tho denso shadow of the firs. 'She is not here,' ho muttered, with a fierce imprecation. 'By that I am' to understand sho will 'not aid me in this scheme. Would she dare betray me to .Forrester?' ho mused, with : darkened brow. 'There's no trusting a woman in an affair of Hub kind^ But it's a -golden bit of luck that occurs to 'a follow only; once in a lifotime. No one shall Btand between me and the contents ^of that safe.' . . . . -r. Again he turned on his lieel, and cau tiously approached the house/ ? . mi \ya3 suent witiim. witnout tuere was only tho sound.of the night wind stir- 1 ring tho leaves, and tho distant chiming of some far-off clock striking the hour, of eleven. ? There was a light in Max Forrester's room. He must wait a littlo. 1 \ . It was quite, an hour before tho house was wrapped in a mantle of darkness, and ' quiet reigned. Then Livingstone, ^ho' trusted servant, took a latck-kuy from His .pocket,' inserted it in the lock, and tha outer door swung noiselessly back on its hinges. * \- Stealthily lie crossed tlio dark, shadowy .corridors, until' lio stood before tho doorof ,tho small parlor connected with Mr. For 1 .roster's sleeping apartment j and iii which was tfre iron safe: . ' . It .was securely fastened from tho inside, nnd very deliberately the midnight niat ' «udors3t' to work to unfasten it, . At last he stood within tho room. Heavy velvet curtains shut out tho gleam of tho dark lantern ho carried from tho Bleeping occupant of tho chamber be yond. It waB a. long and laborious work open ing the iron safe,, for tho combination of the lock, as lie had understood it, seemed incorrect., Other means had to be re sorted to, and great caution . exorcised. The clock in an adjacent tower struck ono just as tho heavy iron door flow back j noiselessly on its hinges. Tho first drawer, which was rifled in a single moment, contained only a broken flower, a small kid-glove, a. woman's pic ture^ set in a euporb pearl and ebony1 frame, aud a look of gplden lmir, . Livingston tossed them aside'and opened tho next. A quantity of papers and othor documents whoro hero, of value to tlio I owner only. ? Patiently, ono by one, each spectacle'] was gone through ; but tho largo package of bank notes, tlio bag of gold atld the | Forroster diamonds, whioh woro known to bo kept here, were not to bo found; iimut tured imprecation burst from his lips. Had Inez Clavoring botrayod him ? And how had they boon romoved 1 If bo, how did lie know : who might bo watching him from the dark, shadowy corners'? ' ' Ho gave a guilty start, glancing fear fully around him, but no; form sprang out from tho dark shadows ; reassured, lie began his searoh anew, thinking that he had probably over-looked it in his haBte. This happened to be the caso. In one of tho small .compartments to tho left he found tho covoted prize. In an instant he had grasped the large package of bank-notos. Hark! What was that sound? Still clutching his booty, ho leaned breathlessly forward, peering into the darkness beyond, then cautiously drew the elide from tho dark lantern, flashing its rays on tho velvet curtain that separated Max. For- rester's sleeping apartment. No face: peered forth from them. He was safe enough from that quarter. None of the servants wero likely to be prowling about at that hour. Very intently ho listened. Was it only liiB fancy; or was tho sound repeated' again 1 So like a hushed moan of terrible pain, and a soft, rustling swish, as of some thing being dragged over the velvet car pet — nearer, noaror. 'What a fool I am to imagine such nonsense !' be muttered, turning to tho window to throw it open with ono hand holding tho package of notes in tho other ; but again he paused, listening in tently.' . The , strange sound was more distinct. He eould feel, intuitively, another's pres ence in .tho room.. Leaving, the midnight intruder, in this position for a few moments, wo will return to Inez Clavoring, whom wo left lying unconscious in the dim shadow of the trees. For long hours she lay tliore, with the night dew falling on her face and on her long dark curling hair. Then slowly tho bowildered eyes opened. ' Where am I ?' How came I hero ? And what is the matter wilh me ?' she moaned,' pressing hor hands to her throb bing temples. . Like a flash, suspended memory re turned to her, and all that had happened forced its way through her bewildered brain. How long had she beon there uncon scious/ Was it' midnight yet? Had Livingston come, and, not finding her there, put his terrible threat into exe cution ? \ As these thoughts flashed through her brain the olock iu the adjacent - steeple struck 'one.' With a desporate cry, she tried to raise herself to her feet, but the excruciat ing pain of the cffect almost made her swoon. . ' 'I will retrieve tho past by at least one good action,' she murmured, trying to drag herself toward the house.' Only Heaven knew howsheaccomplished it, tho pain was so intenso. Only the sup pressed moans that came from the whito lips now and then relcavod her terrible agony. ' . ' ? ' With bated breath sho crept past the library, across tho long, dim corridors, to the room Where littlo Flo lay, dreaming in all lior childish^ innocence upon hor little whito bed., ' . . Striving with mighty effort to over come tho swooning dizziness that threat^ oncd: to overcome her. stop by stop she made her way through tlio child's room, guided by the dim moonlight, to the door of the littlo parlor beyond which com municated with Max Forrester's' apart ments. ? ' She meant to knock upon it, arouse him, and warn him of the attempt atrobbery which was to bo made that', night. As sho touched the door, to hor terror and dismay it yielded to tho slight pressure. Ho must havo beon there before her. Great God 1 had tho robbery already taken place? As she, crossed the threshold a sight met hor gaze that froze tlio blood in lier viens, and made her heart stop, almost boating. ' She saw the safe door standing open and the figure of a man kneeling before it. Tho light from a chink in the dark lan tern fell upon his hands, and in one of them sho sawa large package of bank-notes Max Forrester had but that day drawn from the Bank of England. , She tried to scream out — to utter a wild, piercing cry, but the sound 'died away in her throat. ' , ~ She clung to the casement, her strang ling breath coming and going in fitful gasps. A desperate resolution camo to her. The power of sppoch seemed to havo loft hor, but she would mako her way to where -the ' man stood and grapple with him. The noise of the scrufHo would arouse Max Forrestor, and she might pre vent tho robbery at tho last moment, per haps. Slowly Bhe dropped on her knees, drag ging liersolf slowly, . softly, despite her horrible pain, toward the man kneeling be fore the safe. Onrf moment moro, and she Would be bo near him she could dutch the hand that hold the notes ; then nothing but death should, break her hold. CHAPTER XXXVIIL \ ' I HAVE GIVEN MY ''lIFE TIUT YOC MIGHT BE SPARED.' , ' It must have been only fanoy,' mut tered Livingston, hoarsely. 'There is no one hero.' Tiiu'iVMdir'W.&re; scarcely uttered ere a hand, cold as death, grasped him, and a piercing cry echoed through the room. He started back w'ith a terrible, im precation, nnd attempted to fcpring through the opfen window out into the balcony, but the hand hold him fast. ? , . In 'grappling' with his adversary he found, to his amazement, it was a woman; and with a cry broke from herlips, ho had instantly rocognised Inez' Covering's voice.' u , - , '. ' So it is you who have betrayed me 1' lie: kissed, drawing her frantically by main force to tho open window,' and vow ing ho would fling her thought it. ' Drop tho nionoy,' alio gasped, ' then I will-lot go my hold— never until then, even though you killcd'mol' I f'You fodl, you will have your death upon your own hoad 1' he cried, striking tho white arms a torriblo blow ; 'but yanwill havo it so I'' By main foroo ho had dragged hor to the opon window in a trice ; but in that instant the velvet curtains of tho inner appartniont were hurled back, and Max Forrester, hoaded by an army of sorvants, who had heard tho torriblo cries and tho struggles, sprang into tho room. In less than a second a flood of light from the gas jot .illumined tho scone, and Livingston found himself in tlio grasp of stalwart men. - ' ' - ? Max Forroster had sprung forward. ' Is this i/oti, Mrs. Thome 1' ho cried, incredulously. Tlion sho turned her face toward him. Max recoiled with a shocked cry. ; 'Inoz Clavoring I' lio gasped. 'In Heaven's name is this you, or am I mad, or dreaming ?, How camo .you here.' She tried to answer liim. ' ? ' I— I — am hero to Bavo you or, yours,' sho murmured, so faintly that he had to bend his ear to- oatcli tho words that wero whispered with snoh difficulty. She would havo sunk to tho floor had ho not reached out his arm suddenly and caught her. Thon, to his horror, ho saw tlio terrible wound on her tomplo which had been' made by the sharp stones on which sho had fallon, mid from which tho blood was flowing pitoously. Strong hands had already pinioned Livingston, and had taken from him the package of bills and the block caso con taining tho Forrester diamonds. ' You think you have the be3t of ma this timo, Forrester,' lie said, defiantly ; ' but I have one more card tojilay ere this littlo game is decided.' ? So saying, quick as a flash, his right hand traversed to his. breast pocket. There was a bright gloam of steel, a sudden' report, and Mnxainillian Forres ter's life would havo ended thon and there if it had not boon that poor Inez, seeing tho motion, had Bprung before Max with n wild cry, receiving in her own breast tho bullet that was intended for his. ? In an instant tho greatest confusion reigned. They wore not quick enough to prevent tho second shot which was fired, mid which ended, then and thero, Guy Livingston's misguided life. A physician was summoned in all haste. In answer to Max Forrester's eager ques tion if the lady's injurio3 would prove fatal lie said : 'I have every reason to fear so. Still, whilo there'slife there's hope.' ' She risked hor life to save mine,' re turned Max, hoarsely. 1 ' Do everything to savo hor that money and skill can sug gest nnd accomplish, Dootor. She must not die.' ' She, is in-tlie hands of a power higher than ours,' reproved tho doctor, quiotly. 'I will do everything that cau be done for her, certainly.' Iu an hour's time I shall bo able to tell you whether it will be life or death.' v During the hour that followed, Max Forrester paced tho corridor in the great est exeitoment. Surely Heaven would not let the poor girl die for so nobly . standing between him and the terrible fate that mo'naced him ! At length ho was summoned to hor bed side. , ?. ' It will be all over with wo soon, Max,' she whispered. ' Take my hands iu yours, and hold them as a token that you forgive me for all the past. I — I wrecked your life and— and Florabel's but I liaveatoned for it at last by giving my life to save yours.' He took tho ice-cold hands in his, his tears falling like rain upon them. ' I Jforgivo you for all, Inez,' he said. 'Do not think of it. Forget tho past as I do. As Heaven hoar3 mo, I declare to you that you are fully and freely for given.' ' . 'I havo brought shadowB into your life, Max,' she murmured, speaking with difficulty ; 'but it is in my power to bring back the sunshine Boon now, very soon.' I Sho did riot tell him how she had re vealed, in broken gasps, all 'of tho pitiful past to tho astonished old doctor. And ho himself had undertaken the task of going for Florabel, and bringing her back to the Hall without delay. It was ccrtainly a Btrange hour to arouse the inmates of the neighboring villa and call for Mrs. Forrester ; but, of courso, hearing it wa3 a case of life and death, Florabel came down at once. Faithfully tho doctor repeated, word for word, Inez Clavering's words. And who shall describe Florabel's intonse emotion as she listened ? Tho dootor qiiito believed sho would faint outright whon he broke to her by degrees that the littlo child she had mourj^i long years aB dead was alive, and had'bSn restored by tho hand of fate to its own father, and was at that moment beneath his roof in' the person of 'little Flora. * . ' Tears fell like rain down her faco when she listened to the eloquent recital of how poor Inez had atoned so;' heroically for the terrible past by giving her lito to sava Max. Florabol novor romombered how ' slio readied the Hall, with the old doctor by her side. It all seemod to her liko a con fused dream. . Tho doctor pushed open the door of tho drawing- room and bade her enter. Some one wa3 standing at the further end of tho room, his elbows , loaning against the marble mantel. Florabel stood at tho threshold like a bashful school-girl j the color coming and going on her pretty dimpled cliooks in crimson flushes. It was Max who stood at the further end of the room— Max, the handsome, gay, debonair young lover, who had wooed and won hor among the blossoming wild flowors in the pretty dell ; whom sho had weddod ana loved with all tho Btreugth o£ her young heart. . . ' . i ' Did ho really love, her still V, How her heart beat as she took a stop or two timidly forwiird, then paused, holding o.ut her hands towards him in a piteous, un certain way. 'Max,' Bho murmured ; but ho did not hear her, ho was engrossed so dcoply in hUown thoughts. . 1 ' ftbtt.appi'oachedrliim timidly, slowly, as though I'eaiful that the promise of com plete reconciliation was too good to be true. '' ? \ '' . .v. She was standing sa near him now that her dark r()bcs touclied-liim. It' was strange that the perfume - of -tho 'pale ro3es she wore on herbroast did rid{. leach him. ? , . ? j . ','Florabol— I slidll seeiyou soon now, my darling,'' lie murmured, stretching out his arms, Voluntarily, With a quick njotioii I she glided into them. - - '; ' 'Maxl— my lnwbaud 1' ' she scabbed, and tho next instant two soft, whito arms woro ' dinging round his nock, and h curly, goldon head was buried on his breast. ? - , Who shall describe tho happiness of tho reconciliation that followed ? ? : To Florabel it seemed liko boing wooed and won all over again by this linndaomo lovor-husbnnd. - , Despito the hour, littlo Flora's maid wns summoned to tlio drawing-room at once, and requostod to' bring down her littlo ohnrgo. 1 ' No, no,' Baid Florabel, gently ; 'wo will go to her room, dear. Sho mu3t not be awakened i tlmro will bo a to-morrow, and many a happy to-morrow for us.' Together they went to tho child's' room ; and onco there all Florabel's forti tude forsook her as sho gazed at the lovely, childish faco, with its floating, goldon hair lying against tho snowy pillow. , . Her child— her very own — tho littlo child sho had bolioved so long to be lying in ita littlo daisy-studded gravo oil the sloping hill-side 1 No wonder sho flung horself on hor knocs, weeping for joy as she had never wept in all hor life beforo. But loving arms twinod themselves about hor. 'Nay, nay, my darling,' said Max, softly ; ' this is an occasion for smiles, not tears, my Florabol. Remember tlio old proverb — ' All's woll that ends well.' ? CHAPTER XXXIX. THE WHOLE WORLD SIOVBS BY THE MAGIC TOWER OF LOVE. There was a hurried summons to the sickroom, and, witli arms entwined, they hastily followed to the room where poor Inez was fighting back tlio dark shadows of death. A. pitiful light broke over tho death whito faceas she saw them. They advanced quickly and knelt by tho couch. ' You both— forgive — she gasped. ' Yes, as wo hope to bo forgiven, Inez,' murmured Florabel, solemly. ' The past is past, my poor girl.' 'You will havo a liappy future, 'sobbed Inez, ' and midst all your pleasures now do not forget me — pray for a soul in dire distress. My life has gone all wrong,' Blie wailed. ' I am not sorry to go and end it all. Listen to my last prayer, Florabol. It is this : That whon tho dark shadows aro closing iii around me, my eyes shall rest upon tho faco I have loved best in life.' And hero sho held out her hand piteously toward Max. It was Florabol who took his trembling hand and placed the little, death-cold hand in it. ' Bo kind to lior, Max,' she whispered. ' See, sho is dying, .and sho has loved you with a lovo surpassing tho lovo of woman —with a lovo .which was lier doom. Sho 1 gave her young life that youra might be spared. . Max always liked, to remember that ho bent over and pressed his lips to the cold forehead on whioh tho damp dow of death j wns fast gathering. A glory like a halo lit up tho white face Sho had loved him so woll — so well — and ahe was leaving him forever, to meet never again on earth — never again. 'Would that I could cry out with a voico of warning to young girls that would reach tho four corners of the earth. 1 would wain them against tho utter folly of loving one who novor will return their love— whose heart is given to another. I would warn them to tako an example by my unhappy life and it3 pitiful ending to not try to tako vengeanco against their successful rival, for is is written, ' Ven geance is mine, saitli tho Lord.' I have' sinned, but I have suffered, Heaven alone knows how much. The fear, tho suspense that the hand of fate would undo all that I plotted kept mo in a fevor of terror aa horrible to ondure as tho pangs of death itsolf. I am glad it is all over, and the wasted life of Inez Clavoring is drawing nearer eachmomcnt to tlio end. Ah mo ! it lias beon such a misspent life 1 How Badly I wasted the beauty and talents God gave mo 1' Suddenly she grasped tho hands that held hor own still closer. ~ , ' You will stay until tho dark water, which is creeping nearor and nearer, en gulfs mo, 'Max,' she whispered. And thon they know that her mind was wandering. . Still, t-fio great, dark,, burn ing oyos, so terrible in thoir intent gaze, novor for an instant loft his face ; and so sho died as she had prayed to die — looking upon tho faco sho' had loved best on earth. Two days later, when the sun was shin ing and tho laburnum blossoms nodding in tho breeze, they laid to rest all that was mortal of beautiful, hapless, Inez Clavoring. Max and Florabol, with little Flo, who was delighted to have found both a real mamma and hor own papa, soon sot sail for home in dear Australia. Arthur, Florabel's erring brother, who had in tho dark past causcd her so much' wo'ej was delighted when ho received a cablegram from Max (with whom ho had been in communication), informing him ho lind found Florabel at last, and was com ing homo. Straightway he carried the cablegram to old Mr3. Forrester. ' Wo must giva them a royal wolcome home,' sho said ; and tho proud old lady thanked God hor handsomo son was re united at last with tho young girl sho had i hated so profoundly when ho had first I brought hor home, a timi^, childish, littlo j bride. Heaven ohose wisely when Max's heart went out to Florabol instead of to beauti ful, faulty Inez. And tho truth of the old- adage caiho houie to her : 'When parents interfere in , tho judicious , lovq affairs of their childron, the day coiries when they will rue it.' Mrs. Forrestor had boon surprised,' one day, by a visit from Mr.' Pemberton's daughters — Evelyn and Maud. 'We have couio to' atone as best we can for a latter wo . once wrote you in regard to Florabol,' said Maud, flushing with shamo and' speaking with an effort. 'Aftor all theso years, I must humbly own, in all truth, that it wns written in malice, and with tho hopo- of. injuring hot in your esteom / for wo all know from what a littlo seed disliko, ayo, oven hatred that lasts a life-time, is sown. , . j ' Onco again, not bo very long ago, we injured her ; but, with tho patience of an j angel, bIio forgave us, and, while the sting ] was yet upon lior, tho opportunity camo to her to crush us. Itjtranspircd that all I our wealth ,was in reality Florabel's. I Then,' indeed the true nobility of her life I shono out in all its grandeur.' Sho rofusod to take from us that which wbliad onjoyed, believing it to bp ours so long, and would take but a modest third, Sho had heaped coals of firo on our guilty heads ; and now, with our latest breath wo shall bless her. We shall nevor forget hor kindness— novor/' No ono spoko of Florabol save with warmest ' praiso ; nnd ' it riiado Mrs. Forrester's heart feel young again /o hear it. Max's fatlior had from tho first to the. last maintained unshakod faith in. Flora bel. ? How eagorly thoylooked forward tothoir homo-coming, and how anxious thoy were to boo littlo Flo, who, Max had written them, was 'a;hearty, romping child now, who disdained alike tho uso of crutch or stick, and was plump and rosy as they could, wish.' , GreJtwero tho preparations made at tha Forrester country scat, and again, a3 oil tliat other home-coming, guest; were gathered to .receive thorn. At last tho carriage which wa3 sent to tho city. to meet the 6toamor was sighted, and Mrs. Forrester's heart beat high as sho heard the welcomO nows. With what delight and affection she re-, coived them, and how proud she was of lovely Florabol, as sho led hor down among tho assombled guests 1 Sho had gone through fiery ordeals. She had known every depth' of- human woo ; but tho bright hazel eyes showed no signs of tho burning tears thoy had shed. Tha lovoly face was not furrowed by lines of care. She was the same I' lorabel of old —a triflo graver, perhaps, but all the- sweeter and- moro ? womanly for that gravity. Fivoyoarshavo pa3sed since that memor able night of -Max and Floratjel's home coming. There havo been great changes. Max's father and mother havo long since passed away, and Max and Florabel live now at Forrester Villa. Two lovely children gambol on the lawn — Flora, a port, saucy Miss of nearly ten years now, tho idol of hor father and mother; and a little dark-oyed sister. If you should ask hor her name, she would turn her dark, velvety eyes upon you, and, tossing back her raven ringlets, answer : ' Papa calls mo littlo Sunshine, but mamma calls mo ' Inez. ' I am named after tho dark-eyed lady whoso portrait hangs in the picture gallery.' It is, indeed, a happy household, and Florabel of ton roguishly declares, although sho is now six-and-twenty, Max is moro her lover than iii those old days when she was sweet sixteen, and when he, the lieir of the Forrester millions, wooed hor under tho guise of a gardener, and she wedded him for love and not for gold. There is littlo to add, dear reader, when our heroine and her handsome husband are re-united and happy at last. Those who know them smilo and call them ' married lovers,' for Max fairly wor ships his beautiful wife and adores their j children. - - . Thero is not one cloud now in sweet Florabel's sky. The sun that shines above lier is moro golden than the brightf uturo which lies before hor, for there is always contentment and joy where lovo rules supreme. Handsomo Max never ceases blessing tho day tvhen ho became a hus band, and all through the j'cars that come and go he will still bo Beautiful Florabel's Lover. . THE END. i 