The Canon and the Ghost. In a recent number of ' Chambers' Journal' the following interesting story is narrated by a canon of the Church of England. He savB : ' Thore ia, in ono of tho midland counties, a fine old and rather celebrated historical man sion, with towers, turrets, and mullioned windows. But, alas! for all its attractive beauty; it possessed thnt ono terrible draw back with which bo mnny of our grand old mansion? ArA linltinVilv nffliryfWI ? if. YinA {fa ghost nnd its haunted room, which no servant would enter alone, oven in broad daylight, and in which no one ever — or very raroly — slept. With tho usual provoking irregularity which, belongs to tho wholo tribe of disembodied spirits, the ghost was known to 'walk ''at the most inconvenient moments, always appear ing when not wanted, and carefully disappoint ing ovory party of valiant ghost-hunters whenever thoy mustered up courago enough for the watch. The ghost always appeared in the attiro of a medicoval monk— -browu habit and cowl, rope-gii die, sandals, and carried a parch ment roll in one hand. ' About two years ago it happened that the mansion was full of visitora, and amongst the last to arrivo was a very well-known canon of the churoh, oelebrated for his unfligging spirits. and sparkling wit. But overy room was occupied. Ho .was far too groat a favourite to bo refused. What was to bo done ? Happy thought — tho haunted chamber ! The canon,, as a good priest, would, of courso have no fear of ghosts ; nnd besides ho would know nothing? of tho ghost as this wob his first visit. In this^ however, tho good host was mistaken, for the* witty canon had often heard the story, aqd{ know all about it. Accordingly he was ccja- mitted to the haunted chamber. 'Next morainy, at breakfast, no ono,^p— pcar-d with a brighter or happier fh.ca*,- on seemed fuller- of high spirits and exubflrpnlj fun. ' It is. quite dear,' thought the* lwnt^ greatly rolieTcd in hiB mind, 'ho has rsatlb*!* disturbed ia any way.' ? ' Nexi morning, and the next, and Stone-xt^. he still came ? down amongst tho car}? ones with the- sarao light-hearted appoct vs^jnh, oily thoao who have enjoyed sound sleep ar, ijoaieefal dream- can wear. Tho host's anxiety nfttength could, Htaud it no longer, and ho rougija.tnu'atea ?his Tuaitor on the soundness of I)jf». u«ei and qiwtudo oi hia nights. But tho witty canon, Bsaing his opportunity, Huddesjifl glaumed a xqry grave face, informed hia l*SBt»t$)&k; his first night at any rate had boon n-i|hjw quiet nor undiBtuibcd ! A Buddon rftueo- and a dead auenco followed, na tho ca.ioi|, proceeded' to desonbo how, whilst ho watUy.in© wido awake, ho was aware of tho prosecco in, tho room of -* tall dark figure, which cajjjp. tn- to the bedi. Ho observed that tho figvso-woa nabitated aa.» mouk, und carried a par«hme«,t roll, with whjen; it appeared to point. 1'hfl canon ended, ty dwelling on ita ghastly aotavw and its glag^gC honiblo eyes, us thoy uhono forth beneath, the dark cowl. ' A dozen nnxicuw questions ut onco poured in upon tbo speake* f rora all sides : ' Ilfhat did you do F1 ' Did yw» address iff' 'D^ ho speak to you ?' « How did you got rid of him F' ' ' How f ' replied tho wicked caaan ' Wkr very easily. Jaskodhim ti subsoribo to, »ny schools and school- treat, when \\\a vanishqa im mediately ? and I ncod hardly «dd ho has never honoured mo with another vj Ai, und I don't oxpoot ho will.1 ' *?.-.? ^ViaociBBDEa and d6a» woro oxtenslvaly tw& offootivoly used in, the rcoont mobilisation o, . tnoRronch.army, Tho doj?» wore Oroplojoda. ' 