WINTER EVENINGS—GAMES FOR GROWNUPS. It is not onljr little people that want amusement on winter evenings; big people —grownups as the children oall them—need it too, ana are far harder to satisfy. Some will not play at anything, and think them selves v&allysuperior; to tnoBe who do—pride themselves in faot on being wet blankets. Now with these people we have nothing to do—would that they might always be dis missed aa readily. Games for grownups are naturally of a more staid description than those of the little folks. Whether they are more sensible is a question, as, tor Instance, thought-reading, taSle-tnrning, spirit-rapping, and willing. Of conree to some people these are earnest, not play ; but to the vast majority of those who try them to while away a winter evening tbey are games, neither more nor less. It is amusing to notice what a great deal of trouble eome people will take for email reBulte. A system of thought-readinu, or rather pretended thought - reading, was published in the Queen newspaper a while ago. The medium was blindfolded, and an accomplice oned him bis answers by slight verbal alterations in the questions. The time and ability needed to master that code of signals was enough to have mastered a language, to say nothing of the difficulty of remembering it, wbich would tar even the memory of a Mississippi pilot. The game in this instance is certainly not worth the candle, but there is a simpler way in which two friends can cause a good deal of mystifi cation and fun if they understand the tele graphic alphabet. Tim thought-reader is blindfolded, and places his hand on the fore head of one of the company (his accomplice, of conree), and can then describe anything shown—tell numbers of notes—so long as the one whose forehead be touches sees them. The way it is done is this: The accomplice telegraphs the information by olenohing his teeth eo slightly that no movement is noticed in his face, yet the message may be felt in long and short throbs of the muscles on thetempleB. A good many games are played with pen and pencil; of these _poetry game is deservedly a favourite. It is played in several ways, and may be altered and improved upon, according to the taste of the players. One way is as follows:—Each player is provided with a pencil and paper, and proceeds to writedown the last words of fonr or more lines, as, for instance, hat, fat, eat, can, and passes it to his neighbour, receiving a Bimilar paper himself. Each player then writes the first line ending in toe word written down, folds down the paper to conoeal it, and writes beneath the number of syllables, and passes it on; the next player must write a Hue of many syllables, ending in such word. This he does aud passes it on, mark ing the numberof syllables and folding down the paper as before. This is continued till the words are used no. Sometimes it is agreed that eaoh player snail write two or more lines on a verse, hut in every ease he is ignorant of what has gone before. When the poems are finished they are unfolded and read aloud. When the players are at all clever at it the rhymes are often very good. Another kind of poetry game is played as follows:—Each player has two bits of paper, one a half-sheet, on whioh he writea a ques tion ; the other a small slip, on which he writes a substantive. Both are folded up, and questions and substantives are shuffled and drawn haphazard, each player drawing one of each. Eaoh player has to write a rhyming answer to the question he has drawn, at tbe same time introducing the sub stantive. When all are completed the ques tiona and answers are read aloud. With practioe the verses get really good, and they are great fun even at the beginning. Most incongruous substantives and ques tions have to be worked np together. Some people put down proBaic and difficult sub stantives, intending to puzzle others, and get them themselves, muoh to their disgust. Some, on the other hand, write easy ques tions, hoping to get them themselves, and are also disappointed. A gentleman onoe wrote—"Why do you look me throughwith eyes so full of love?" hoping to get it himself and work It up into something sweetly sentimental; but it fell to the lot of another, together with the enbetantive "old boots," and the result was not romantio. fie«0Jjan exft®Ple J—The question drawn y?®'8 Why art thou ead ?" and tbe substan tive " buttons," "VlXJ*Uyo°wkymy heart iaead, ihe children are such gluttons. Tbey eat and cram until each lad Has burst off all his bnttons." W hen people get into the spirit of the thing tbey sometimes write five or six verses, and fi'S? wonderfully good answers. Sketching game is played with pensile and paper in something the same way. Each player baa a piece of paper, on whioh he or «he draws a head, folds it down, and, mark *ng the width of tbe neck, passes it on; the next draws the body and folda it down rathe same way: the third draws the legs, 5"e "ketches being now completed are unfolded, the mixtures thus made being often most amuBing. „ A^Qthorvarietyof sketching game ia called Illustration." It is better than the first, be made very funny. E&oh; player writes on the top of a piece of paper the subject for an illustration, a line of poetry, or proverb, or a scene from a play, as the balcony scene from "Romeoand Juliet"or the ghost m "Hamlet," anything, in fact, that can be Illustrated. These are all foldea down, put into a hat, and drawn. Eaoh player has to illustrate the enbjeot that falls to hi, share. He then folds down the writing again and passes the sketch to his next neighbour, who has to write underneath what he thinks it 1b intended to represent. The top is then unfolded, and the eritioism is often ludioroualy iucorrect, as, for instance, when the death of Romeo and Jnliet tmperfeotly illustrated is mistaken for Jaok and Jill when tbey fell down the hill. Many people refuse to play at this game because they cannot draw, but imperfeot drawing rather adds to than detraota- from the fun, as it increases the difficulty of guessing. Letter game is a good game, and gains interest with praotioe. It is not the old game in which one person gives another a .jumbled up word to guess; that soon gets tedious, and is at any rate a most unsociable game. In this game the letters are put into a bag and each player draws one; these are pat in the middle of the table and whoever draws the letter nearest to the beginning of the alphabet draws again, and makes a word with the letters on the table and the one jnst drawn. If he oannot he most pnt his letter in the middle, and the next one plays. Be sides making words on their own account iy adding to and altering them, as, for Instance, sift may be taken and turned into fight by tne addition of an h, fight may be turned into fright, and that again into freight, if the right letters torn njp. Who ever gets ten words first wins the game. Neither foreign words nor proper noons are permitted. Another way of playing, and a more inte ieating way, is to ohose a word, a good long one, and see who can make it first, the making and taking of other words going on as before. Games that need no materials are some times useful. There are several well- known ones oi this kind. Among them are " Animal, vegetable, or mineral," in whioh one player thinks of something and the others try to find it out by aBking questions, to whioh he answers " Yes" or ,fNo" How. when, and where 7" in whioh one goes ont of the room and the others decide npon a word which he or ebe baa to find out by asking them in succession, " How thejr like it, when they like it, and where they like it." "1 have thought of something" is rather a good game. One player thinks of something, and says—"I have thongbtof something,and it rhymes with eo and so." The others guess what it ie, bat instead of saying the word tbey think of the; give a definition. Suppose it is to rhyme with mate they might say, " Is it a doom 7" and the thinker saye, " No, it is not fate." "Ib it what aohoolboys write on 7" " No, it is not slate." " Ib it another word for head?" " No, it is not pate." " Ie it what we eat onr dinner off?" " No, it ie not plate." And so on till the right word is expressed. Perhaps it is skate. Words chosen should have a good many rhymer, or tbey will be too easily guessed. A game something like the children's old favourite ohair dance may be played with a bunch of flowers. All sit or stand in a circle, near enough to touch hands, and some one plays on the piano, stopping unexpectedly now and then as in the cbRir dance. While the music con tinues the bouquet is passed qniokly from hand to hand. Whoever holds it when the muaio stops leaves the ring. This is con tinned till only one ie left, that one being the winner of the game and possessor of the flowers. Some ardent tennis-players have contrived the game of drawing-room tennis. It ie played with Japanese fane for raokets and toy balloons for balls; the net is represented by a cord stretched aoroas the room. The balloonB are wafted acroBS not Btrnok. One thing to be remembered with regard to games is this—they must never be allowed to last too long. In the home oircle or among intimate friends there is not so muoh need of this cantion. One game may last a whole evening. Poetry games, for instance, have a great fasoination for those who are good at them, and are often resumed night after night. But among mere acquaintances the ball muBt be kept rolling, and not only must each game last but a short time, but games of all kinds must oocnpy only a small part of the evening. If there are wet blankets present woe betide any one who is trying to make things go. They will vote everything slow; though they may not say so they will show it plainly enough in their faces. However, in spite oi their contempt, games such as those here mentioned are by no means to be de spised, and help to make winter evenings the cobv happy times they should bs. w. s. 