epitohe of news. | The numerous friends of the Rev. C. A. S. j Minton-Senhouse will bear with extreme j sorrow that he is exceedingly ill in Syd- ' ney, suffering from mental depression and nervous prcfstratiori, consequent upon his 1 wife's death. A letter received in New- , castle yesterdy -stated that all hopes of the j rev. gentleman's recovery had been aban- i doned. j The Governor is going to visit Yass in October. Two residents of the district 1 have offered their carriages for the occa- j sion. j A child, aged about two years, daughter of Mrs. John Mason, of Bailieston, met j with a peculiar accident some days ago, j which has resulted in her death. The i little girl was running about playing, with a nail about 2& inches in length iu her ] mouth, when she fell on her face, the t nail being forced with considerable vio- i lence some distance down her throat, j wounding it and the palate considerably, j After some difficulty the mother succeeded in moving the nail, but symptoms of blood j poisoning set in, and the child died after j intense suffering. | It was announced in the Roman Catholic j Churches on Sunday that Dr. Moore, the j Bishop of the diocese, was about to estab- i a Roman Catholic college iu Ballar&t;, and » with this view would bring to the colony j with him in October five clergymen of the j order of the Holy Ghost, who are to act j as professors at the college. Two of the number are Frenchmen and three Irishmen. All have graduated at the London University. Six secular priests and a community of nuns of the Little Sisters of I Nazareth hare also been engaged for the Ballarat diocese. A fatal accident took place at the Ko- j nongwootong Sheepwash last week. A } young man named Wm. Cotter, 16 years of age, who resided at Carapook, was out j duck shooting, and either waded or rowed in an old flat-bottom boat on to a large ] sheet of water Bttuated in the locality. By some means the unfortunate youth | got out of his depth in the water and was { drowned before assistance could be ren\x=req-\ i dered. An old and respected resident of South j [ Warrnambool had a very narrow escape | | recently. He was proceeding homewards with two friends, when, crossing a bridge, ! his foot slipped, and he fell into the j river. Without waiting to divest themselves of their clothes, his friends both jumped into the river, aud, after a little trouble, succeeded in reaching the bank with their friend in tow. With the exception of a severe chill they were none the worse for their impromptu bath. Since the Echuca Jubilee Skating Rink opened two accidents have occurred. , The first was that of a lady visitor, who fell and broke one of the small bones of her left arm, and then a young fellow fell and broke his arm. Several others have received injuries of a Blight - nature. No wonder the doctors say that skating is a fine healthy exercise. "Chatterer" writes in the Bathurst Free Press :—With characteristic inconsistency the Minister for Public Instruction has decided to make provision for firing in Public Schools, £5(K) being promised for that purpose. This will give great relief to teachers, parents, and children ; and the concession may be taken as a tacit admission by the Minister that in saying the fuel allowance was reckoned in the teachers' salaries when the same were fixed on the present liberal scale he perpetrated a huge Highland joke—or, in other words, told a Colonial lie. Why didn't he issue an order at once that 6res should not be allowed in any Public School, at anybody's expense, and state that be made the order with the view of making the healthy youngsters hardy and killing off the weak ones. Teachers, of course, are past feeling, and so they would not be aftected by either extreme of heat or cold, i At the Bathurst police court, the other 1 day, Ah Kee and three other Chinamen j were charged .if ith having broken the Sabbath by wortnng at their usual avoca- ; tion, viz., building a hut. Defendant said that hefead only been covering the roof to keep, out the frost. Sen. con- j stable Sutton said tliat the men had other huts to live in, and were disturbing the ] neighbourhood. They were each fined j 2s. 6d. and 2s. 6d. costs. . i A little boy about seven yoars of age, soil of Mr. G-. M'Donald, residing on the Campaspe, about a mile below the junction of the Coliban, met with a very painful accident on Saturday last. He came running home, a distance of about a mile, from a paddock where a tomahawk .had been left, and where he had beeu with his brother, with the middle finger of the left hand chopped off at the middle joints. The wounds were so lacerated as to render it necessary to amputate the fingers high up, during which operation the little fellow, who was not placed under chloroform, bore up manfully. Miss Silvester's performances on rolling skates last Saturday evening, in the Assembly Rooms, were witnessed by a large number of people (says the D. D. 6a- I zette), and evoked repeated outbursts of applause. About nine o'clock the young j lady stepped out of a dressing room, at- i tired in regular dramatic costume, and at ' once began to display her skill in the art { for which she has become famed. It i would be impossible to describe all the j movements in which the fair artiste en- j gaged, suffice it to say that she gave ex- j hibitions of fancy and trick skating, and j performed a series of evolutions of so extraordinary a character, that, had they not ! been witnessed they could hardly have j been credited. She occupied the floor for ] about 20 minutes, during which time she went through a series of performances that would be impossible to remember, far less to describe. She skimmed, and skipped, and waltzed, and danced, while sundry fanciful pieces of acting were occasionally indulged in, as picking up a handkerchief, turning round on heels, on j toes, and then on heel aud toe, going < backwards then forwards, making the i figure 8, executing most, difficult heel j and toe movements, and all with an ease I aud grace that were the most charming j part of all. His Excellency Sir William Jervois, Governor of New Zealand, arrived in Sydney on Sunday from Wellington by the s.s. Wakatipu. Sir William is en- j route to Melbourne for the opening of the Exhibition. He is accompanied by j Miss A. Jervois and Mr. Fortescue (private secretary.) The half-yearly report of the A. J. S. Bank shows a nett profit on the past six months' transactions ot £42,591. To this has to be added £8619, balance of profits brought forward from December last. This" gives a total amount of £51,210 as credit of profit and loss. £10,000 is to be carried to the reserve fund, a divi\x=req-\ denedof per 8 cent, with a bonus of 2s. per ' share (equal to 2| per cent.), iB declared, 1 and £9960 is carried forward. During the half-year eight branches and two agencies have been opened. °Sir Henry Parkes, in a letter to Mr. Hutchison, M.P., in reference to a depu tation of members, to urge the amendment of the licensing laws in the direction of local option, states : " I desire to say\x=req-\ that Government will be prepared to introduce a bill to make the provisions of the existing Act more effectual in this respect, but I am not prepared to state more definitely the character of the amending law." A motion was before the South Australian Parliament the other day for a reduction in the salaries of future Governors from £5000 to £2500. After debate, the motion was adjourned for a month. The Premier advised the withdrawal of the motion, and explained that by paying her Governor £5000 yearly South Australia had been elevated into the position of-a first-class colony, and it was also very necessary in the time of a political crisis to have a hightly intelligent gentleman at the head of affairs. A Sydney correspondent writes :—A legislator's lot is not a happy one ; more especially when he has to work for bis country about six or eight months out of the year, on an average of three to four days a week, and gets no pay for it. The Parliamentary Allowance Bill found no quarter in the Legislative -Council, its second reading being negatived on its voices—a rather sharp shockJn the nerves of those members anticipatitfc a couple or three hundred for the next tSTrm. The Dowager Empress ^Rctoria has requested Sir Morrell Mackenzie to prepare an authentic account of the illness from which the late Emperor suffered. The dead body of a farmer named Andrew M'Casker was found on Wednesday afternoon hanging from a tree, □ear Ipswich, Queensland. He was discharged from a lunatic asylum three weeks ago. A system of granting bonuses to new agricultural and other industries is proposed to be initiated by the Victorian Government. 