DEAD MAN'S? .ROC... L'BFINDING OF THE GREAT RUBY. A oRowarsc a Q. '. BO I'so.. .. \- -::CHAPTER X. (CotarICur.) d2L01 T r -?WHAT.xANNER I LEARNT TEI ; '";I500 OP THE GREAT KEY.': 'COdljivlvut hav. lead mx tnoughte, for hlookedtemdily at me out of t005 dark e o .ad bthen aid very slowly and 'Mr. Trenoweth, 'it grieves me to taunt your. mierabloe ase hnt o you mind my ynulnu thatou e ara foul' I aly sIated in anwer. 'oel flthe war a fool-a pitiful fool; .sndore an fool .Whibch would lead me, didI not know bettier, to believe that your uatd-fa?her, Amos Trenoweth, was a fool also.' I hould wrong him if I called him tL." -:=Hwas a villain, a black-hearted, mirderous; cold.bloodmd, damnable villain; ? be'hwas onty a fool for once in his life. and that wel whenhe trusted in the senee of biddsceodante.' i voiceu, ehe spoke of my grandfather, ga*'i uddely shrill and discordant, while 6I1Q0"blaed upia finurfous wrath. In a os or two, however, he calmed himself el_ and went on quietly as before. 'You wonder, perhaps, why I ceall you a fool. It ie. becausne you lavelived for four-. on?b yearm'wltlh your hood upon riches that would make a king. jealou, and have nver hadsthe ense.tograsp them; it is because Son; ,bave' shat your eyes, when you might e' seena , have been a begar when you mighrltl have ridden in a carriage. Upon my word Mr. Jasper Trenoweth, when I think of youqr olly I have hall a minod to be dog.-iok with you myself.' What could the men mean! What wal this clue which I had never found ? ' And all the time it was written upon this key here, am large au life; not only that, but, to leave iou no erctse, Amos Trenoweth actnally'" told yon that it'was written bahere.' "Whatdo you mean t stammered I, forced int~i'epseh at last. ' Al, so rou have found your voice, have you ! What do I mean ? Do you mean to '"sy you'do not goule evn now? Upon my wordI am th to kill so fair a fool'Upon m He regarded me for a moment with pitying contempt, then stretched out his hand and tookup my grandlather' key. 1I read here' he said, ' writtUen very clearly and distinotly, cer.taLin words. You moust know those words; but I will repeat them toyon to refreshb your memory "Thy boase is set upon the sands; and thy hopes by a dead man."' ' Well!I usked, for-fool that I was- even et'l did not understand. 'Mr. Jasper Trenoweth, did you never hear tell of such a place es Dead Man'e Rock?' The truth, the whole horrible certaintr of it, struck me as one eat wave, and rushed over my bent bead ua with the whirl and roar of many waters. ' Dead Man's Rock-Dead Man'e Rock I' It Inug in my ears a lt seept me of my fest for a moment and passed, leaving me to 'in= and battle in the golf of bottomless despair. And then, as if I really drownel, my peast life, with all its fodlies, mistakes, wrecked hopes, and baseless dreame shosewifly pest in one long train. LAgain I saw my, mother'e patient, anious imiE;i!iny father's 'drowned face, with the aliddrops trickling from his golden hair, the struggle onhe the ook, the inqoes,. the awful ace atthe window, the orpses of my ?areots mtetched Side by 'tde upon the bed, the scene of the gambling-bell with all its white and desperate faces, Claire, my lost love, the river, the theatre, Tom's death, and that hlt dreadfut scene, Franceca with the dark bloodeoating her white dress and trickling down upon the oards. I tried to pat my ande before my eyes, but the cords heldand out my arms like burning steel. Then in a ~fmh.I seemed to be striding madly up and down Oxford street, while still in frontof me dan?ed and flew the yellow woman, her every diamoas flashing in the gaslight, her old, black eyes, as they turned and mocked ue, blaming marsh'lights of doom. Then came. the.ringing of many belle in my eares;,'lsled+;with silvery lusghter, am tho? s?l 'finds- were ringing jobllnolpeale withln the pit. Presently .the sights grew dim and died . y, t the ohlming laughter still con 'tinned. I Iookedup. II we Colliver laugheng, and biLaoet wes that of an arch.-de.il. It deee me good so se you,' he exclaimed; 'oh:ye, It eis honey to my sool. F .ol.and a thoeond times fool I that ever [I should have lived.to tclnmih thus over you and your aso cused 'ho?se. S'more his voice grew shrill and his bedonce more he collected him 'Pon ehaill hear t out,' ha said. " Look eer, 'and'he puolled a grelasy bookfrm heis \--- ..' Here Is Sanatel almaluao. Woat :_ryis it? Decmne 83, or rather some time -n the morutog of 24th December, Chrlstmas Eve.: On the evening olf 24th December it is fll moon, and dead low water at Falmonsh about 1180 p.m. Fate-do you believe in fate, Mr. Trenoweth!-cbuld not have chosen the time better. In something under 'weont hours one of as will have his hande anon the trsalmre Which will It De, eh whioh will it be ' Well I knew which it would be, and the .mknowledge wee bhitter aRgail. SA merry Chrte mue, r. Jasper Trens. weth. Peaceson earth and goodwill-. You willbear no osalice by that time S. a merry Caristmau, and a merry Chrietmsebox. Likewise thea mplilment of the eason; and a happy New Yes tyoul1 Wberemreyou going to speund OhristmaMr.Trenowethb,eh ? _amthinking 'it psealult by the esea. Youwill perhpe ilythe sea, 0o, only you will be ? L. Teames runoee ltly when it hs acorpse Eoesargo. Obo 1, At hi r da red lip she meu. mld fips oe I? iLis. Iitn hi swstbrat Lolse my lead-- tiele ho I In s bsi ,.oil týoll m afrid no belt *ill toll for you, Mr?; T'enoweth; not yet awhile, at any ,at3t' No' till your sweetheart is weary of waiting S-"*d-th.'dY+li has lot hi. do, my ode . ug he, ass hs waltl for yo I1 'Both waiting for you, Mr. Trenoweth- Solsswestheart and the devil. WhIoh sbell bay jou, Loriise firt.e, 3y would sa-. 1Abe I am not eo ure I By the way, might I give a guess at yrour eweetheart's name- might lt begin with .a C? Might she be a famous actress? Claire, perhape; she calls erelft Ahbe I Claire'e pretty eyse will go red:with watching before she sets 'hem oeyon -getui; Fie on you to kep oan sweet a maiden waiting. And where will you be all the time, Mr. Jasper Trenowerl 2' He stopped at leass, mastered by his fero. db and alnoet ptanting. But , forthesound of Clirse's name hd maddened me, broke out in fury - SDo and devil I I shall be lying with all the other victims of your aeoorsed Ife. ead am my tftter whom yon foully murdere withle-slght of his home; doad as those other poor creatoraes you lew upon the Balle Fortune ;.ani us mJ mother, whoseo pore mInd fed' at sight of 'your Infernal 'fac, whoeo very life fledi at sseht of your handi. work; dead se John Relltoo, whom you etabhedto deesm upon---' of f L ft..rrAetk . La fryur by the hor, did not amo pease. Bat I m: wes haeyes-- sa t45Ato. y yon' If: l'bt r m e as Dad an's Reock by hl. e 11 eight.' J'Fiend r I coutlneri,-yon ocan kme , "I "ou Uke, but I will ooent nam.: cimes.wit la ct breash. Tahe my life Mon took my fend Tom Iarde %-a lif- Tom, whom ks. thi ea a abk, It.k lnghim fora Si took Qaie'eIf eve SabCI --Slalb dead r Hsetmgeted eck sttelp, and.i.mot at the a nememenI thought I aght usea d t bne oibh eido of IkaprtIiion at my beck. I .isteed foee moment, thee oncluding that my eane had -I played se some trick. went on again : -w ' Yes.dead. She illed berself tonlshbtat l thie achat.-eltbbedberself. Oh, God0 Do Srou blnkle I for your kuife'nuow Why. to I weegoag toki mllmsef-eo drown myself a at the ven momest when I heard n?ar Svosce and came on .board. I came to kill r, yeou Make the meet of it-abow me no me .rcy.,,.o eao thý e is God ia Heave4 +Whet w that sound again on the othebe aside of the partItilon i Whatever it wa, Col.. liver'b had not heard. for he wau muingl onakly, and looking ixedly at me. S'No, 'Iwill 'bhow Ion no mery,' he answered 'quietly, ' for I have Iwon to show no mercy to yrraoe. rand youMab the Iet of it, But leen, that fo a fewmomentle before you die you may shake off you eme nolm. nla.cta ndlLn what ths wilth il, and whe katnd ot bxood kton Treuon?be ? t Do I The toeware that lim by Dead Man's Rock is treuare weighed with deed men's coress, and salined with deed men's blood-,ealth won by black piracy on the high ees--old for which many a poor sonl walked the plank atnd found his end in the deep watere. It i treasereearked from many . g-allnt..hiop. .t.idppd .rom manya rotting. AD 10 i by Was.'b mu M! boahb,'.your l?ad;U tmAthaTwaTmelthb-. Youf ,g.es d ,t Ltttma typeiAg os a ' Theremi mIdai .esael?ying ?s ieaven and hell for yeganao r o er race; but yoar death to.nlght; Jl?per Trenoweth, haDl be the I eouler ji of oe. You guesed rhat your grandlaihber had crimre upon his soul; but you did not neom the blackent crime on his account-the murder 'of his dearest friend. Liesten. - I will be brief with you, but I cannot spaere myself the joy of letting you know this much before yoa die. Know Shen, that when your grandfather was a rich mra by this friend'e aid-after, with this friend'e help, he had laid hands on the secret of the Great Ruby for whlcb'for many a year he had thirlted, in the moment of his triumph, he turned and slew that friend in order to keep the Ruby to himself. 'That fool, your father, kept a Journal- which, so doubt, you have read over and over again. Did be tell you how I caught him on Adam's Peak, sitcing with this Olasp in bhi hands before a hideous graven atone ? That atone was cut in ghestly mockery of that friend's fae; thebone thabt lar be. neathit were the bones of that friend. There, on that very spot where I met your father, face to foe, did hi. father, Ame feunoweio, strike down mry father, Ralph Colliver. 'Ab, light is beginnolng to dawn on yor silly brain at lest. Yea, pretending to pro tect the old priest, who had the Ruby, he stabbed my father with the very knife found in your father's bear, Stabbed him before hie wife's eyra on that little lawn upon the mountain side; and, when my helpless mother called vengeance upon him, handed the still reeking knife to her and bade her do her wont. Ab, but she kept that knife. Did you mark what was engraved upon the blade That knife had a good memory, Mr. Juper Trenoweth. Let me go on. As if that deed were notI foul enough, he cansed the old priest to carve-being killfut with the chilel-that vile distortion of bie deed friend's face out of a huge boulder lying by, and then murdered him too for the Rubre cake, and tumbled their bodies into the trough together. Such was Amon Trenoweth. Are you proud of your descent? I never saw my father. I was not born until three months after this, and not until I wee ten years old did my mother tell me of his fate. 'Your grandfather was a fool, Jasper Tre. noweth, to depiLse her ; for she was young then and she conld wait. She we beautiful then and Amn Trenoweth hblmeelf had lovet her. What is she now? Speak, for yon have een her.' Ac he spoke I seemed to see again that yellow face, those awful, soulless eyes, and bear her laugh as she gareddown from the box upon my dying love. SAlb, beauty aose. It went for ever on that day when Amoe Tremoweth apatin her face andtaunted her as she clung to the booy I of her husband, Beauty goes, but revenge can waiti tonight it hba come; to night a thoueand dead men'eghoele e?all be glad, and point at your body as it goes toeinug out to sea. To-night-but let me tell the rest on a word or two, for time presses. How I was brought up, how my mad mother-for she is mad on every point but one-trained me to the sea, how I left st at length and became an uttorney's clerk, all this bI need no; dwell upon. But all this time the thought of revenge never loft me for en hour; and if it 1 had. my mother would have recalled it. 'Well, we settled in Plymouth, and I waI bound a clerk to your grandfather's attorney, Still with the ame purpose. There I learnt of Amos Treooweth'e affairs, but only to a oertan extent ; for of the wealth which he bad so bloodily won I could discover nothing, and yet I knoew that be possessed riobes a which make the heart faint even to think k upon. Yet for al I could discover, hle p lu. seastonu were simply those of p Itrugging farmer his business .abolately nothing. I wi almost deeperate, when one day a taU, I gaunt and agad man atepped .into the offie, aked for my employer, and gave the name of Amonn Trenowlh. Oh, how I longed to kill him an he itood there I Audhow little did he gues that the clerk of whom he took no if more notcloe than of a ltone would one day etrike hie descendents off the fare of the, earth and inherit the wealth for which he had sold his soul-the great Rbry of ' Ceylon I ' My voles trembled with hate as I an- k nounced him and showed him into the inner room. Then I closed the door and listened. b He we uneasy about his wdl-the fool- and g did not know hat all hib poeseesione would a neceessarily berome his son's. In my heart I d laughed at hil Ignorance; but I learnt enouoh-enough to wait piently for year, and finally tO track Ezekiel Trenoweth to his death. 'It was about this time that I fell in love, In this an to everything throogb life I have " been oursed with the foulest lok ; but in thie au in everything ealse my patieoonce hba wan in the end. Lucyr Luttrell loved another., man called Railton-John Railton. Re b was another fool-youare all fools-but bhe b marrie: him and hd a daughter. I wonder if you can gua who that daughter w e'. I B broke oil and ooked at me with flendish malre. ' You honed !' I crled,' shabe wan Janet Raislon-Claire Luttrell; aend rou murdered I her father e you. say Amoe Trenoweth SRight.' he enawered, ' coolly. 'Quoite right. Oi the ate by which I eotIcd that man to drink od then to crime I Even now I I could eit and launh over bthem by the hor. I hby, man, the red a not a'touch of guileint the fellow when I took him in hand, and ryt il it wae he that afterwardl touok your fasher's e life. He tried it orce i Bombray andE bunlied it eauly; he did it neatly enouhb, c though on the jtbboom of the Balls Foetone. Ilear him the knife ; I would have done it tI myself, butRailton wu nearer; andbesidee si it e nlweqe better to be a witness.' I What was that rutting soaund behind the o partition? .Colliver did nt hear it, at any rate, but went on with hi. tale, and though a nil eyesla were dacina tlames of hate hi e vooIe wae colm now ac ever. . 'I had atoleo half the Celasp beforehand from th- cabnle floor where that stuopendocs idit, Ezekiel Trnoweth, had drooped it. a Reuiloo ceugfhi him before he dropped, but I did not know he hod time to get the box b away, for laet hen a hauge wave broke over h u,, and before the next we both nmpeo fr the Rlck I thougbtthat Rltot, mutt have b bee sucked back, for I only luogon mryeell a nry, the lIukie.a chance. It wee pitrb dark t nd impoelible to lt, I called tic name, but tl he either could not hear for the eror, or did rot choone t anOlwer, so after a bit I alonped. b I thought him dead, and been doubt thuht a ma deal, until we met upon Dead Man's a Shall I fiqLob? 'Oh, yea ro llabi eba the whole story, Afler che inquelt I caped I hark t, Pimonth, told Lucy that her hbe. I hand had -bae drowno_ at e and finally persuaded her to leave Plymouth and marr t me. 80 f I triumphed tbere, too; on, yer, I have tditmphed throughout.' " 'Y honed i' I cried. Io ladehad a low mutioat Itugh and went - on aglai- 'Ahb yer, you are angry, of aourse; butI i let 'hat pat. I have one acoount Ito settle -ith reo Tlreuoweah, and that i eonoegb for c me. Three timne have I. had you in my r plower. A. Jaeuer hinoOetn-thcse lames or St .-end aO you sNea de S bep t ha. ale 0 poe'.yyw rwq dfod was soppeod by Al.thaseaur seia ;e_ idiotdl?v ? nath Y ' woul have bo dead n', another hall id wale, HshOhi eA Igh myo:le whale p s uha t of oar was rylig to make me e ons, , m fi~l Rboda ? as;. However, moe,, r ' apes tait me o; Bd cot r .o helardy gaeid h nea ir a.o w io sm a Ie Slooked in at the window on t tl nght fhier I~ be iqulo t. Why, in aa mind I wats 1 up whether or no should murderyou a Syour whi.-facsd mother. :1 should hv d done so. hat htougst you mi hold some knowledge of the b r afer your meeting I iwth ai?ulon so that Its smed better to bids I Smy ime.'. I iaf sen atIy esa iofa t youw.s Itote. rupted, 'to koy wht had h you killed me[ hea you would never he laid hs, oa thal Clasp onder, u rn welooma So ts.' S. I' he aswered. lrgle? I did not? ill you both ; it lol you mothe ltime So t wih aad huband, aud has given ms thes pleasure of ktlling y nouw; the trat im' iproves wioh keeping. Well, les as goe. I Atl01 e I rl.w florced tO lea? the coooir I f foe some ilts or salh piee of villainy, wh ich yoour 'urw do loa know that? Oh, trom I plt ai ruppos; however, it doe notsl 5 melter. Waea I name beck flaeni loo, toond you, and struck egan, But again my I cursed ackt stood in my way, sad that friend of loorr knocked me sesear les. Look as bis matk on my heehk.' ' Loolk e toe Clasp and you will wrwher I your blow wasr sruoB.' 'Ao thdat wa aSr was it?' he said. ax. moing. the Cloasp slowly. ' I suppose you tShou soit luc at the time, So It was-lor e, For, dtholuh I mode a nother mistke in d rthe og that nrbm, I got qulls wish yiurati riead o t ay rate. I have chafed oltsen o onough at Shel. fa.na, ' e. ti has e.! co,.? ' lrl~gaiin sah sad. ,, oeIb Soq.'hII,5h1115110 toaur fteher pien ot:_ da m e; bat he wacs at Sbig man, whlbe had nopli ol and ouaml not fford to risk a mietake. Everynoiag, ca they e, somes so thi man who ca waite. S our latbr did not escape, neither will osu and when I think of thsoy it was tome h to 'know that poa ad .blaire, of Ill t peoplep-' Ba woulnd hear no more. Mad as I was b with shame and horror for my grandftather' crueltya I knew thi man, norwithstandil p his talk of rsvenoe, to be e vteand treacher. p ous scoundrel So when he spoke of Claire I hbursat forth 'Do, this is enough ! Ihave listened to i your ale. But when you talk of Oltaire Claire whom yon killed tonilht-then, dog, 1I a spit upo you ; kill me, and I hope the ti areasure may curse you as it has cursed be ; kill me nosn our knife, for I WILL a shout-1 With a dreadful snarl he was on me and emote me acrols the taoe. Then es m co. tiunned o cail and shout, struck me onue i fearful blow behind the ear. I remember to that the dim lamp shot ou la sreak of blood red flame, the c n was lit for one brief ai Instant with a flash of ire, a thousand lighte sI darted ou,, end then-then came utter black. It nesa-a vague sensation of being caoght up p and carried, of plunging down-down. CHAPTER Xl. AND LAST. el TELL HOW AT LASer I FOUND ri REVENGE b AND THE aOEAT RUBY. ci 'Speak-speak to mel Oh, look op and b tell me you are not daed. b Down through the misly defiles and dark gates of the Valby of the Shadow of Death A cam these words faintly as though spoken sa tua away. So distant did they seem that my eyes opened with vague expsction of another is world; opened and then wearily closed For at fire they setred into a heaven of dull grey, with bus a shadow between them t and colouheas space. Then they opened i once more, and then the shadow caught their attention. What was it? What was I, and ft es bbon. er how came I to be staring upward lso I let ci the problem be, ad fell hack into the aseoful cc lap of unconsciousness. pi Then the voice spoke again : Iat ' He is living yet,' it said. ' Oh, i he a would but speak I' It This' time I sw more distincill. Two s erea were looking into mine-a woman's g eyes. Where had I seen that face before? g Sorely I had known it one in some other world, Then somehow over my weauymind o stole she knowledge that this was Mrs. I. Luttrell-or was it Claire? No, Claire was th dead. ' Uit.r dead!' I seemed to repeat to a myself; but how dead or where I could not recall. 'Claire dead ' then thmube t be her q mother, and , Jasper Trenoweth, was Iing here, wishCieire's mother h eading over me. i How came we so? What had happened, that -and once more the shadow of oblivion sweot down and enfolded ms. She was still tbere, kneeling besids me, w chaing my hlndr, and every now and tb then speaking words of tender solicitude. How whits ner hair was It used not to in be so wbie a this. And where was I lying? r Ins boat? How my head was aching I Then remembrance came back. oras to e tell, it began with Caire's death in tbs theatre, sand thence led downward n broken s and interropted train until Colilver's face soddenly started up before me, and I knew he all. I raised myself on my elbow. Myibrain was throbbing Intolerably, and every pu "s o0 lion seemed to shoot ire into my temples. Also other bands afire were claoped bout s my arms and wrists. so acuetey did they Ie burn that I fell back with a low moan and looked belplessly at Mrs. LultrelL on Although it bad been snowingr her bonne tel was thrust back from her face and hun by a It ribbons which weres tied beneath her chin. The breeze wes playing S*ic her di cl ordered hair-hair now white am the snow. flakea upon it, though grey when last I had seen it-but it brought no oblour lober face. As she bent over me to place her ca shawl beneath my head, 1 saw that her blue th eyes were strangely bright and prominent. be 'Thank God, you are alive I Does the W bandage pain you? Can ou more ' I Isebly put my hand up and felt a hand. kerchief bound round my head. r was afraid-oh, so afraid --that I had been too late. Yet God only knows how I no got down into your boat--n tlare-and wi th go oat his seoing me. I knew what he would ml do-I wau listening behind the partition all the tim ; but I was afraid h would kill t SThen-'ou heard? d. S'Iheard all. Obh, i I wers oola man- be but ran you stad? Ate yion better now as For we must lors no tlime.' be I weakly stared at her in answer. o 'Don't you see It you can stand and sh walk, as I pray you cam, there t no time to ar be toIs. Morning is already breaking, and o by .bis evening y momst catch himji' o 'Catchhimh' ,' 'Yc, pee, He has gous--uooe to catch lsa firs Ireon for Cornwall, and will beat Deed sit Mran' Rock to nihr?. Qoitk i see if you cannot rise.' I sat up. The wter had dripped from me. forming a great pool at oar sod a! the r5 boat lo itshe was kneellag, end beside her y Iay a hevy knife and the ords with which ah. Simoo Oliivere had bonud me. pe ' Y ,Ya' I said, 'I wll follow. When does the firsitrain leave Paddioltoo ?' d. 'At a queter.pss 9.' she answsrsd, 'ad W tile now about half pautS. You have tims , to catch it but u'ust dluisguse yOuretf first, Tr Re will travel by it; thre is no trstn before.a Come. lst me row you ashore.' an Wlls tisa she untied the painter, gooot o t Iho scolls, eet down upon the thwar oppo site, end beuan so pull disparately for shore. an I wouderel at he' strengih ad skill with the we 'Ah,' she said, 'I ee a at what you are dri wondering Remembor that I wa sailor's o wife occe. and washoot srrenuth how should ,, I have dragged you on hoard this boat?' re' R *ow did 7o0 manag, it?' 'I caneot cel I only know that! heard a otIob as 1 waitod under the bows there. an 'heu began with my hands co lend the he boat around the sch'ousr for dsar lIfe. f mi had to be vesrr ilant. At first I conld see . nohbiag, for it was dark towa*rds sheshore ; re hut l cried to Reeve. to spate yoo for yen'. asaUCs on that man, ud then I sw some. ca thing black lying aross the w~rp, and knew us it was you. I gavo a tlrong pusb, then he rnshed to the bows and caught you bi the o hair. I got you round byo bhs sten an ¶'i y be as I could, and then pulled y n on oahd omshow-t- cannot remmber stetl how In did It.' 'Didhaissepaon' 2 'No, for h most have gone below diretly. I rnusd nuder. Shs shadow of the liahterto which we were tisd jl.o now, and a4 I dides, ,m thought I h-srd himoatllinu me by enme. He ge mait hbar forgottet me aod than soddenily rememberead teat a yet I had not 0give him b' the moner. fowerer, presently I bhard him cb gettiogl Into his boat and rowlne ashore. Be hi came quite cose to ns--o clots thall ould to hear him curnlug, and mouthsd down the m shadow for fear of my life. Bou ha p used D aos and gIt out at tha tsps youdsr.' It was at snowing at she time, and that helped me.' • ' ,` • ,. * e'I ba ptea O a relo t.or in-dlo a ii, n W " Y weeia the -.abin tgeoer.I Suslas enelg. Aloe- paoatl hienklmuet Slt falasted ; but it' leanot have bte for So` for rhea I Qoqme'O: ys.llf on t1 ntli 'itod'bob jkLld'gtlilto.' - I I remember; the aaend: wbah I 4id beard, I and almot in a it of - d aske, Yo as b eatd bot--. i' CO.a e ? Yes, l heard' She" nodded e seimply "but her Tee s oeolh mine. and li i h was a glm thlt ~ae 8a masterpt. _llJl ,bho thebo s toaobe at n moande?ig t'flis of staIk t oi g y ooz to inig water mark, o adoovlmed now with snow. ohse msde fast the iol .. \- "Thies a the ws, hi wrnt'ebe mlttered. te 'TTat hi, tack him to his dasbl I me pa him no lanls p a?g to meae that doeth is mierable,' IHer low votel pasitiely brembled wih oocemntt?ed hla. ' Say'," be eid, S' havey on moey r 0i 1 suddenly remembered tha I had given all the moaey on me to Bagall for getting ont my bost*,nd told heur o. At the same it Ioment, too, I thought pon the tin Iot a s.tll lyng undsr the boat'w s 0rn. I spped la aIf and poll ed i o r. i"' Hens i monoy' lbs aid " 'money thte . I wsto to have given hi Fle pounds it l s I lnnoes. a ltoskeita ' But your I hesoitated. o o ' Never mind me. Tsko it-tar k iS all What do I wan with mono if you only kill s I bentand ksed her hand. ' As Heaven Is my waeso,' I said, It shall Sbe hs life or mile. The ealol lone of Sshalb breover M so-morrow.' Her bsnd wal cold a1 io, I nd her piate face nsvere? ngesd cs .Kill btirm she said. simply. I. tamed, and climbed she p. thsb time d . bed brokoen, aond the east wae I steakel r with ang?y flusbhe of crimern. The r wlId swept thioghs my dripping clothe and llaros my aching li mb o thi e marrow. Uo Sthe ouiver came flotng heavyo pell of log, Soot of which the maste' howd like pietl skelotons. The snow stlor' bai not quite I ceased, and s sely flake or two cams brush I a(g strone my face. modawnedly Clhristmsu I Eve ! SAs I gained the top, I turned to look down. FShe ws esill standing there, watching me. Sbeing me look, bse waved her arme, and I beah d her horm whisper, ' Kl him I ill I him I Kill him I' I lsft her standing so, and Stuned awas; I but in the ma, ghoste thaI bannst my I solitary daoe, nut the least vivid is the phantom of this whi c-hatred woman on the lotck asd silent river, eternaelly beckoning, 'Kill him !' I found mywelf in a yard strewn with Stimber, opu sod refuse, half bidden beneath the snow. irom It ea ltght of riokety stone stopse ed to a rotting door, and thence into the street. Her I stood for a moment, pondering on my next stp. Not a soul wa abroasd o eurly ; but I mut quickly get a cbhnge of aiLthee omeOwnhre ; as present I S tood in my torn dres trousers and soaked shirt. I petted up the street, my shoeless fees making the firt prints tn the neoly. falalen snow. Toe frse! No; for when I luooked more closely I aw other footprints, alreidy half oblterated, leading up the lreet. ThesI must be Simon Colliver'. I I uolloyhed them for about a hundred yards pest she shuttered windows. Suddenly they turned into a shop door, end then seemed to lesve it again. The shop was clossd, and above it hung three brae bhalls, each covered now with a oeorv cap. Above. the blinds wes drawn down, but an looking again, I saw a chink of light between bth shutlter. I knocked. Ster a short pause, the door was opened. A red.eyed, villainous face peered out, and eering mle, grsw blank with wonder. What do you waelnt inquired at length the voice belongiog to it. STo buy a frelh suit of clothes. See, I I have fallen into the river.' Muttering something beneath his breath, thepawnbroer opened hies door, and let me into the shop. It was a dingy nest, fitted p with the usual t furniture ot suh place. The one dim c candle throw a ghostly light on chairs, clocke, compasses, trinkets, saucepeas, watches, pile of schins, and suibe of lLft-off clothes arrayed like rows of suicides along the wall. A general air of decay hung over the den. Immediately opposite me, al I entered, a stuffed parrot, dropping slowly into dust glared at me with one malevolent eye of glut, while a hideous Chinese idol, behind the counter, poked out his tongue in a frenzy I ef malignity. But my eye wandered putr thee, and w fixed in a moment upon some. thing that glittered upon the oounter. That something was mi own watch. Following my gaze, the man gave me a quiok, susploious glance, hastily caught up toe watch, and wra bestowing iton one of tile sheive, when I slid Where did You get that !' I SQuite innocently, sir, I swear, I bought it of a gentleman who came in just now, nd would not pawo It. I thought it was hie, no thao if you belong to the Force I hope-?' "Go l, m friel nd," eaid I.; 'I am nob In the polloe, s you need not be in such a fright. Neverthiless, tbt watch is mine ; I en tell youtthe number, if you don't believe it.' He pushed the watch acroee to me and aid, still greatly frigbtened- Sam surs you may see It, air, with iall my heart. I wouldn't for worlds-' ' What did you give for it s He heslitaed a moment, and then, a greed overmterted fear, replied Fifteen pounds, sir: end the man wold not take a peony less. Fifteen good pounds ! I weasrit, as I" am alive I' Although I saw that the man lied, I drew out three fire-pound notes, laid them on thso behle, and took my watch. This dons, I -sid ' ow I want yon to tell me a suit ofV clothes, and oid me to disguise myself. li Oberwie=--' Don't talk sir, about otherwise." I'm sure I shall be onrly too sld to rig you ont to cstch the Sbhief, Yonu can take your pick of the suits, here; they sre moelly eamen's, to be sure ; but you'll find others ao well. While, as for disguises. I flatter myself for at getting up a ft-' - ft Her he stopped suddenly. ' owloo has he been gone!' I About half an b eor befyoucame. But b nodoubt you know wherehbe'd be likely ton go ; and-I won't be more 'than twenty 7 misue geting you completely So rilghts., In loes than helf an hoart IftwrdI gi stepped out into the street so: completely + dillsguised that none of my friends-that itif " I hbed possesed a frisend to the world-would +i boere gnoied me. hed choeson a stlor' s-it, that being the character I know myself a - beat able to sustini. My pale facs had turned to a bronce-red, while over its smoothly- h shaven surface now stew the roughest of i untrimmed bhards. baou ws fallingl still, so that Colliver'e footprints were entirely I obliterated. But I wanted them no longer. I Regould be at Paddlnton. I knew; and I accordingly I turned my fees in shat dlrec. - -ieo, and walked rapidly westwsrd. "h y - ohas bad begun, I had before me p plenty of Lime in which to reaoh Poddingeon, and the' ex-rrtee of walking did me good. rela?ing my stlleotedi limbs until at tsyth I scarceIy felt the pain of the wesle where ohe corda had out me. It Wan snowIng C tostlatentlly but I hardly notlied at Through the chill cnd suolln morring I held doggedly on my way, paet St. Katherine'-= Wharf, the Tower, tbrough '"Gscrhuch It etreet, and out into St Isut'e Churchyard. d Trftflo Was already bheongien here, aod shl- ened as I passed down Ludgoas Hill and elimbed up to Holhtor. horstdr tshe white enow wos being churned and trodden into hideous sluoh in which my feet lipped and soumbled. My seat end sailor'l cap were covered with powderl Il kee, and Ihsd co hold m? head down for fear less the I driftino molstnrs should wash any of the P colouring off my foce. So my feet carried me o?ce m.-re into Oclord street. How well remembered wos every house, every lamp- o post, every tlS of the avvement lmols t I was en my lest qonst nOW. 'To-nihbt 1, o.olghl ' whispered me hbert then come back bhe words of Ciatre'e mosbhr--' Kill him I Kill him I' and etlli I 'mr.pme' went'vesv a swetwsrrl ty mrev eoddenl" a hsusom' cab shot psu.. It 0 came up silently on Ihe nloshy lsrgee, and I' ti vat only when it woe close behind tha I p heard the mnfl~ed sound of ils wheels. It e wee early yet for cahe, so Lhat I turned my be-?d at the sond. It paseed in a flash, and nayvs me but a glimpse of she occupsnt; rul in abet moment I had time to cstch esght of a pair of ejee, and knwe now thst my Journey t of Slmon Collve. b. So then ll Oxford attesLt aft eall,'I bed met him, Hoesl?clversly dis~uieed--eI geesoed by theosmo bhnds thaLthed painted my own face, and looked to tle- caault eye bat an ordinarbagma. Bultat oold nut chanre thoue' muervellono syes, and I knew him in n inetant My' bears Ilept wildly for a momlent-mbyhud wre cenoched and my teeth _sha tight; but the east w we plodding after him ae before. I couldwilt ..... co r oo 