THE TRACK OF THE STORM. A NOVEL, i By DORA liCSSELL, 1 . ' i Authoress of " Footprint ia the rino-v," " Tha j JBiokeu iSeal,"&c.;, &c.;, &-J. (Published by special arrangement with the autho: "All rights reserved.] CHAPTER IX.-THEIK SON-X.V-LAW. To say Joe l&unster;'s words were a shock to the good mill who listened to them, is to give a very poor idea of tha rector a feelings when he heard this Jack s^ill lived. In. a moment ho thought of Lucy Lucy and her wedding day so near ! Ha grew absolutely pale. He stared at Joe, wi~o with hia shaking hands now com menced to draw.out a la ter. " How do you kuow V at laat faltered the- rector. "Because ho has written," answered Joe with hia clammy lips. 4i it's his own handwriting, thtre is no mistake, tie's had bra in fever and been in a hospital at Lisbon. lis was picked up a?, sea, by ail outward-bouod ship, suid h:s hetd wis hurt and they put in at Lisb >n aud left him'there. IS'o one kne>v who he m, and ho coulci not teil che^ri, and ne 3 lain thtire ever since ; but he's c.)tne round " .And you mean to tell me the letter 13 from Jack-from Jack himself l" ' From Jack himself. Youmiy revi it," And. Joe held out a letter writcen on foreign paper J but the handwriting was not" foreign-the rector also knew it well-the familiar handwriting of Jack Monsters. " My dear Joe," read the rector, with a ! strangely moved heart, " -By this time I ; dare say you have given up ail hope of ever seeing me again, ) can scarcely be- ' lieve my senses when L find what day and ? what month this is, and remain'onr chit 1 nearly two months have passed away that have been utterly blank to me. ^Yoa . know, of course, the poor lictle Lucy foundered on the morning of the 9c!i of October, almost in sight of the JN or chum briati cost. IFor days wc nad had bad weather, and the yacht wis terribly strained, and we were trying to make for £5orthwick harbor when the tremandoaa j gale of the 8th and 9th caught ua, and I j eoon saw all hope WHS over. j "I shall never forget the morning of j the 9th, when the dawn broke over the wild sea, and I knew as the waves swept I the deck, and the poor Ibclo Lacy quivered > n.,der the mass of water, that; we would j nerer see the land. I wrote a message as ) I stood there, looking death in the face, . and placed it in a bottle. 1 wonder if ; if the sea ever carried it honva. I | thought of you all, you may be sure, in j this, which I truly "believed was my la3t I hour. I told the men to prepare them- : selves for the worst, aud some of thecn lashed themselves to spars, and 301110 cook lifebelts. No boat could live in such a sea, but we tried to launch one, and as we w«re j doing this, two tremendous waves lipped : over the yacht, and Bhe settled down and j never rose again. j "As I felt her going I leaped into the sea, and found mys«If struggling in tfcw huge waves. Hooked ronnd for the other j poor fellows, and 1 saw Hailston, who also I had a "lifebelt. I had one, but I did not see ; any hope. I was carried on and on whirled on, rather, like a feather in the air-until i became unconscious, and I remember nothing more distinctly until I found myself lying in the hospital here aa j an unknown sailor picked up by a Franch ; ship at sea. The Frenchman put in at j Lisbon to coal; but the crew could give uo ! account of me except that they tried i a the gale to ran for shelter to Northwiclc harbor, but gave up the attempt, and some time during the morning of tho 9ch t wis i seen floating close to the ship, and this ; sailors suoceede.d in saving me. My head struck against the Eliip'3 aide, however, as they dragged me up, ana was ba-ily huct, and I remained quite insensible during tli3 rest of the voyage, and they lefn me h*re. lhave been at deaths-door here, I am t >ld, with brain fever, and am still very ill. But I have my senses all right again, and j remember everything up to the tiaiewhen ; the Lucy wentdown. Piease take this letter to the rector, Joe, and wiien you write or : come, tell me how they all are, and tell them 1 hope now soon to sea them again. Were any of the other poor fellows picked up? I see poor Ilailston's face still, as I saw it last amid the surging sea ! I trust to hear that he, ? or at feast some of them, are saved, as there vras a ship not far oil' when the Lucy foundered. And send me so^ne money please, at once-a hundred pounds -1 shall want some to give the goad people here who have been so kind to me. ; And with leva and kind regards to old ( Madge, . . "i remain, your affectionate brother, "J M(j.n".STE.us." The letter wa3 dated from a hospital in j Lisbon a few days back, and as the rector returned it to Jue he said almost j solemnly- , 1 "So ! God has spared poor -Jack 3 lue, ; then-well, I am g*ad, I am glad and hj j turned away liis head And he was glad-how could he but be ! glad that the bright young face be remem bered since Jack was a boy had not gone down amid the cruel aea ! But Luuy 1 The rector's heart was strangely disturbed within him, thinking what it was now right to do. Bub one day off her wedding day ! And yet not to tell her- that her friend, her lover, whom she had so passionately mourned-still lived ! The rector, iu truth, could not decide. He looked at Joe, and aBked again for the letter. "May I show it to Mrs. King ?" he said, and Joe nodded his head and sat discon solately down, feeling aa if he had been defrauded of the goods and chattels .whose possession had been so pleasant to him. , His eyes happened to fall on the sleeve of his black coat, and a sickly grin dis torted his lips. All the expense he had oone to for nothing ! He nad ordered a tombstone, and it was coming home this week; if poor Jauk'a ghost had arrived instead of bis letter, it could not have created more consternation in the heart of J°Iu the meanwhile Mr. King had gone to his wife'B bedroom, where he found her on her kuees arranging some finery in a trunk in the expectation of her journey next day. She looked up and sraileo. a3 her hus band went In. , " I hope our new son-in-law wul aa- . mire my bonnet," she jaid; "I expect j Loui&a; will say my wln-le dress is too j juvenile-but what matter^ we need nut ; be so afraid of Louisa now ! < "Felicia," began the rector, almost in a faltering voice, "the strangest thing ; has happened." "What baa happened?" asked Mrs. ; King sharply, still on her knees. " Jc3 Munsters has had a letter-a letter from Jack himself-Jack is alive, and is in a hospital at Lisbon." Mrs, King sprang to her feet, and hor j complexion suddenly faded. "Fo!" Bhe c ied, grasping her hus- ! band's arm ; " 1 can't believe it-I don't : believe it-this is just soma mistake, like . the other." i "This is no mistake, here is the letter ; read it yourself." Then Mrs. King read the letter, atul < as she did so knew there could be no . mistake this tinio. Jack Ministers was , alive, and she row also thought of Lucy. : " And Lucy," asked tho rector, with a j faltering tongue. " Lucy ! What has Lucy to do with ; it?" quickly answered Mrs King, ana her : color swiftjy flushed back iuto her cheeks. ; " Lucy is to be married tha day at tor ; to-morrow-what is this young man uosv , to her ?'' "We know what he ouce was. The question is-should she be fold ?" "Certainly no';, James, most certainly not. What ? Tell her the very day be fore her marriage, and unsettle her for 1 no purpose ? It woui^ be madness t'.> do EC-you must see it would be tn^due3a ?" "I can't make up my mind," said the rector, -with a res?le*s i-igh ; "Lucy was, no doubt, vtry fond of poir Jack " "Yet she could accept another man five or six weeks after hia supposed detth? This di es not. look like very devoted lure, does it? No, Lucy, like the rt-.at of girls, was pleased tu h:u*o a lover, a/jd you.ig IWuiitrers was next d^or. James, do 11 >t bieathe a word of tin* r.o any one until after the marriage, at lease " "It may lead to nsitjhvf," Ei''d tha rector uneasily " What ua-chi.:f can h le<.-.t lead to? Without behaving nnst dishonorably, Lucy could ni t rireak off wi'li S.r W^Juvu Barley now. Ju-st.thin* <>» sh« .ii.igc.-iot;, the scandal, if she ant: mu?ed r.o d. . s> 1 -n a. thing. I am cerraiii i>f>U'S;-t. would mswr speak to one of us 8g;.in if she «vwi tempteu it; and don't 'orget »vh i" w..;j>wh Louisa, ar.d all the debts and i'-oub :...., Janus, that Luoy's marridgo i h .;> "would end." "My dear, it ia a good marriage for her ?-but still " " Ai d youi g Munsters' was a shocking marriage, even at rhe best," interrupted Mrs. King eagerly. " A.?;d, James, don't forget the was not engaged to him there was realiy nothing between them but a fool if!; flirtation, which I hoped the sea had ended, and L wish it had." "Lon't say that, Felicia, we must oe glad the young man's life is spared ; and I li> ed Jack. It was Btr.inge, certainly ; and not very deep lev-., as you say, tier forgetting him so soon " My dear, Lucy likes the world, and : admiration, and pleasure a great deal better than she ever liked Jack VJuust^rs. ?She made a ridiculous fu*s when he w h supposed to have died, but I knew very : well, ai d Louisa knew very well th.it if once she were thrown into sociafy agiia her suuposed love for this jouug m*n l would b(.on be forgotten. Nay, ! am cer tain, James, she would not th-v.ikyou for tellii g lnr tiie day before her weUduig : day that her old lo*er was still alive. She might think it neceasaiy to -.hf.d a few tears, ana Lucy wuuid won care to appe^ | with vtd tyes and a c'l&figured; face " | " Well, perhaps you are right. Ic ; might unsettle htr ; it unghc t*e unjust t1 I Sir William Harley. She has chosen hi a : of her own accord : no one furced her into it." I "Ceitainly no one forced her into in. \ Louisa saya she 13 quite delighted, quite | radiant. My dear, do tike my advije ! about this-don't disturb and distress the . poor girl the day before her wed-iutg ; cay." i The rector hesitated a moment o? two j longer, and then decided not to toil Lucy. ! "As 30a fay, it would male a such a ; tremendous fuss/' he said ; "and yoar sister would never forgive us if Luoy broke nil the match. But I don't think she would do that." ! " 1 am sure she would not; and ?? ' would oidy make every one uucoiufor'aOle ! for nothing to teli her this wonderful Btory. When she U Lady Harley she ! will receive the news quite couliy. you will tee." j The rector said nothing tuore. He weno down stairs again, and found Joe thinking of the hundred pounds of poor Jauic'a money which he would be forced to a^tid him, but which somehow seemed to Joe as if ic were abstracted from his own pocket, " Will you go to Lisbon for hi.ii, J :>e ?" asked the rector " No," said Joe, slowiy 41 id wouii only increase the expense, and what good w'Ulu. do? I will write " "Yes. And Joe,"hesitated the feat:-?. "J. wouldn't tell him any new.-. would be likely to disturb hiru, you kn«>«v ; not. mention Lucy's wadding, 1 think : oot give our kit dest regauta to- him, oua my how pleased we ahull alj b-j r.o see hie. again/' " Yea," aaid Joe, and he atar^a ;« i-ie. rector blankly Ot> had Jtud no intention ?'? Tnontiojutjir Lucy's wedding ; bad in rat;'; iorgor :«?? about it m the overpowering S'if>.*k 0; losing pofsession of the lands of Lee. And after he was gone the rector tried to settle again to his work, bur, it was with an uneasy mind. Mrs. King also felt greatly disturbed at the untortunace re appearance of Jack MauBters, But the husband and wife did not speak of ic any more. They avoided the subject, in face, and started on their journey to town 011 the following morning, aliKe thinking of it, but in silence. Still the rector thought his wife's advice had been right when he saw Lucy. They arrived at Mrs. Cranley-Forbea's house at Quteu's Gate about halt-past 7 o'clock, and Lucy, dressed for dinner in her pretty white gown, ran down the broad staircase to receive her father and mother, and though she kissed her mother first, &lie; lingered longeso in her father's ar-us " Well," said the rector rather hu^kilv\ for he was not a little agitated, " let ma look at you, my darling," And he held her a little awaj from him and looked in her fair face. There were no apparent signs ttiere of grief or regret. "She is a loveiy woman." her father thought, "and 1 hope and trust we are acting for the best." And ic did seem indeed too lala to Speak lo the girl now of her old lover. Lucy showed them ail the valu.vita wedding precenrs she had j-e:eived, and her trousseau, and fiaid with some of her old EaucmesB "My new stepson call«d on me yester day-a fine-grotvn young inau of twenty* a!a !" There was something hollow and mock ing in her laugh, her turner noriced, ssdh-i eaid this, ana indeed in ier whoie manner. And when the rector saw Sir WilU:v.u Harley, somehow it did not make him t-eei more content regarding hts daughter's future happiness. .rir William arrived to dine at Queeo'.^ Gate at haif-past 8 o'clock, and be intro duced to the parents of iiis bride ; and the great disparity between their agea struck the rector with unpleasant force. But ?ir William was apparently quite unconscious of this. At once the rector'.* Bhrewd, humorous brown eyes parcelved on what excellent terms with himself hia future son-in-iaw evidently was, "lhave pleasure m making your ac quaintance," he said, shaking Mr. King's hand ; " and, ah-Mrs, King's. You pee Lucy and I were determined nob to delay our happiness- We did not believe with Pope, Mr, King-ah-of coursa, you know the quotation Love, tree as air, »t. mgnr.«.t haiiiMi i.ies, Spread* rd« light wintts, and a m^riinri:, Hies. No-ah-human ties should onnsioliftate love, in my opinion, and L believe that iii .6 so." "We must hope so, at ail ^veuta," ? miled the rector a little grimly. "What dots the bride say ?" aawed her mother, with forced playfulness. "The bride declines to discuss the sub ject," said Lucy-. " Here is -Vunt Louisa at last. You good people"-and aha looked at her father and mother-" DKiafr bo djing of hnnger, I am sure ?" CHAPTER X.-TILL DEATH US DO PART The next morning was one of the dreariest, that, could well be imagined. A dripping ram, driven hither and thithee b> a strong, biting, north-east wind ; a grey, n.u< ky, darksome sky ; an indescri bable chilliness that seemed to pierce even the costliest furs, and penetrate into the most luxurious homes. It stole into the bride's bedchamber in the culi yellow dawn, and she shuddered &nd; covered bfr face, and wished she hil never ecen t his day ; it awoke the elderly bridegroom, who began to sneeze loudly, and go through other nasal expressions of dissatisfaction. It chilled the heart of the; bride's father with, an unaccountable pre knowledge of coming evil ; and it made the usual blooming complexion of the bride's mother look blue and frozen in the lurid light. But they all got up and dressed, and prepared to perform their pirt in the daj's cert-moi>y with the best gra.ee they could. The bridegroom cut his stab'oled grej chin when lie was shaving himself, and this did not improve his temper ; n >r didthi-raio dashing against the windo-v fraon-s 3dd to hid equaui uity. Ye; he had his quotation readj when he arrived at Queen's Gate, c.nd spoke of hi^melf as being " fresh as a bridegroom ; and his chili iiew- re.Hp.-d playfully tapping the black pitch with which it was now adorned. Bur, poor man, if he felt fresh he didn't look it! He linked yellow, bilious, and tld. Not a comely old age eivh ir, with the clear ejv und rud iy chei k waioh we BoLLt tnui,-4 see with a hear) of snow. Cat Sir William held himself ereut at ail even's, and was* 'well dressed and well Satisfied with his own appearance " A.ud vha' mi'ie ron.'d any reasouab'a w-revi van'. I'' ta'd hir aunt Louisa, with a livat-. luugh, ailudina to the bride. Aiid the bndti ? The girl, whose skin (f fDdW looked fair even in the uiuvky light Shall we look into h> r heart, and Bi-e if f-he also were Bclf- satisfied, like hgr future lord 'I Lncy rose and dressed herself hastily, forcing herself not to think. Sae hardly glanced at the ram, as she arranged her beautiful light hair, declining the asan tax ce of her aunt's maid, and keeping her door looked to shut out all intrudi-rs. Presently she opened her litole desk ar-d took out a photograph of poor J.ick Munsters ! Long and earnestly she g*zed at the bright sousing young facs she ex pected ro eee no more on earth. Then she tenderly and softly kissed the familiar features. "You know, Jack," she whispered, "why I am doing this-I am not /a'.se to you, dear- that never can ba-1 shall always have your memory near me, Jajk, alwaja, always-thao no one can take away." Ber mother rapped at the door and afktd for admission while she was still gazing at the portrait of her old lover. Ayaiii Lucy kisbed the face ; laid it ag*ia3t her cheeks, her lips ; and then, with a long drawn weary sigh, she replaced it in her cesk, and having done this she unlocked her door to admit Mrs King. " Well, my dear, what a aread'ul moru iDg, isn't ir, a pity ?" said her mother, as she tffiifively ki?s- d her " What matter is ic answered Lacy. " Oh, it does matter-it's so frightfully cold. Why, child, your lira isn't lit." " I did not care to be worried wish any one coming in." 44 But yoa must have it lit now ; the day is so dreary." " Very suitable weather ! I'm glad there is no sunshine " "My dear Locy, don't ssy that-jast think what a splendid position is now be fore y<u." " My dear mother, don't enlirge on it; Aunt Louisa has already done so until it's as dull as a thrice-told tale. We, you aud I, you kr,ow, need not practise any of the little polite deceits of the world when we are alone. We both of us quite under stand why I im going to marry Sir William Barley." " 1 hope for your happiness, Lucy." "I hope nothing of the sort. I am manying him for a home ; a living, a? Aunt Louisa kindly informed me I coold never honestly earn one, and declined the pleasure of my company when I begged hei alm( st on my knees to keep mo as her companion " .'I do not understand all this, Lucy," said her mother gravely. " It's easy enough to understand." answered the girl bitterly; "one must live " "But, my dear " " Mother, when you wrote to tell m? about all the trouble at ho'ii<\ aud urge 1 me to marry, 1 saw there was no help for it. But don't let ua talk of it ; only I sm glad there is no sun I used to like the sunshine whi-n Jack wa3 alive, a>;d the "world was not all dreary and weary, a3 i is now." And Lucy g-tve a restless ^igh. These words naturally made Mra. King somewhat uneasy. She turned from hec daughter ar.d went to the window and stood there thinking. She wai a sharp quick woman this, without much depth of mind, and she believed that wealth and rack really held the foremost place in every "woman's heart Lucy was talking thu3 partly in bravado, she thought. She did not believe that her daughter would care now to give up her position as Sir AYilliam Harley's wife even if ehe had th8 chance. Yet there was a little discomfort in Mrs. King's narrow .worldly heart. What i£ Lucy were to make a fool of herself again when she heard that Jack Munsters still lived ? Bab no, she would never do this, the mother decided the next moment; her pride, her propriety would come to her aid If only the marriage were over it would be all rifeht; and so she turned to her daughter again and smiled. " What it is to have a fine complexion !" she said gaily; "even in the yellow, hideous color of the atmosphere, Lucy, yon still look fair." " The greater contrast to my beloved, then!" tccfled Lucy. "Sir William, among his other perfections, cannot ba said to have a line- complexion." " My dear, he has a fine parse, which is more to the point where a husband is concerned. One cannot live without money, you know, Lucy, aud what matter are a man's looks V' " Oh, he is quite satisfied with hia looks, 1 can assure you. One of hia most satisfactory qualities is that he will accept any amount of flattery as a pleasing tribute to his charms," " You naughty child, I won't listen to you. I am going to ring for the niiids. So this is your dress ? It is truly lovely, Lucy. Your aunt really has behaved very handsomely." "Yes ; to the future Lady Harley. It is a handsome dress though, i3ti't it"? Mother, won't you wear some of these jewek ? No one will know they are not jours." Mrs. King accepted her daughter'3 offer, and from that time to the hour fixed for the wedding Lucy was never alone. Presently she was dressed in the shining white robe3 of her wedding gown, and her biidal veil of magnificent lace was arranged on her fair head. She looked a beautiful woman, but there wa3 no soft nesB in her face. " Sir William will be proud of yon," crfid her aunt, who was dressed iu ruby velvet and sables. " I," contiuued Mrs. Cranley-Forbes, glancing half in fun aud half in satire at the light brocade which Mrs. King wore, "don't affect to be so juvenile aa Felicia here-are you posing for the bride's sister or mother, my dear <" "I am not so good-looking, unfortu nately, as Luuy," said Mrs. King, with a laugh. "Ixo, you never were and never will be ; Lucy is the beauty of the family, and her looks have done very well for her." "Thanks to you, aunt Louisa!" said Lucy, making a little curtsey. " Yes, my dear," answered Mra. Cranley-Forbee, fixing her bloodshot eyea cn her neice's handsome face; "as you say, thanks to me. But come, it ia time we were going. Sir William has been here, and has now gone on to the church ; jou must go with your father, my dear ; and your mother, or your sister Felicia rather, shall go with me." Felicia King only laughed at this. She was not going to quarrel with her rich sister for a biting jest or two. If it aihused Mrs. Cranley-Forbes to say this It did Mrs. King no harm, argued this lady, who made it a rule in life not to in ciuJye in over-sensitiveness. Then Lucy, the bride, went dojvnsbiirs Jn her t>nowy garments and focud her lather and the carriages waiting for h;r. The rector's expression was grave, and there waB a good deal of subdued emotion iii hia maimer as lie kissed Ills daughter's fu.ce. " We have bpen all complimenting each other upstairs, my clear rector," cried Mrs. Cianley-Forbes, addressing her brother in-law. "I've been teliiug your Felicia herd she looks as young and dresses as jouthfully as lior daughter. Its tht-j luive two sober people like you and I to take care A them." i- l.uqy locks veiy well," said the rec.or kindly ; " you all look very well m spite of the weather-but i am sorry it's a wet morning " , . '. Come al-'Dg, gooa people, said Mrs. Ctardc-y F'Jibc-t^, " we must nob keep the bridegroom Waiting. Wu must nob for get t.liis is v«?ry rheuraaHo weather for us voui'2 people ; I have a touch ia my right BiiouJo'er I know. Have you any rheu matic pain*, Felicia ?" £-ISo," said JMrs. King sharply, bhough r-he sniiied still. "Now we are all ready. James, dear, give your arm to Lucy." .fird presently they were all standing in a dim, chill church, and the bride and b.'idegrooni were kneeling before the aUar, plighting their solemn vows. Oil one point Lucy hud been tirm, which was to have a qviet wedding. "I draw a line h^-re, aunt," she had told Mrs Cianley-Forbes, with a very determined look in her blue eyes. '' I could not stand a crowd to stare at ma." She had wished to be married in her travelling dress and go straight away from the church door. But Sir William would not listen to thi3. He was proud of Lucy's beauty ; he was marrying her for her beauty, and he wished to see her, and for his own family at least to see her dressed as a bride. Be had made such a p~int of this that Lucy had given way. She would wear biicial robes, and Captain Harley, Sir William's only son, a Guardsman and rather a good looking mac, and Mrs. Law ley, Sir William's only daughter, and hus band wer<; invited to the wedding; bat tlicy were the only guests. Wis l.awley-t'ie Hon. Mrs, Lawlev for the had married the younger son of a noble family, was a pretty woman, Sir William having chosen hia first wife also for her beauty. These three, bhe brother ai:d sister and Captain Lavley, were already in the church when the bride - groom airived, and when Mr. King led j ucy up to the altar they looked at each othe'r with significant smiles. Then the ceremony commenced. The stout elderly man with the black patch on hih chin, and the beautiful young woman in htr fresh prime, were bound bo eaoh other " till death us do part." But death was not fated to part these two 41 It's too horrid," whispered Mra, Law Icy to her brother. ; "Buiher pity the young woman,'' answered Fred Barley, who, with his glass in Ms eye, wife gravely regarding the p;iir fit the altar, 441 don't, it's disgusting. I don't be lieve shu'b twenty," said Mrs. Lawley. But, all the same, she kissed her new Btepmother on both cheeks a few minutes later, and Captain Fred Har'ey warmly snook her hand. "1 am sure we shall be very good friend.- ," he said. | ""Yes," Baid Lucy, and she smile I; somehow she instinctively trusted Fred Harky more than the pretty little woman : who Lad just kissed her. They all drove to Mra; Cranley-Forbes' house after this, and partook of the luxuries which that lady had provided for their entertainment. It was not a formal breakfast, no strangers being present ; yet Sir William Harley insisted upon making a speech laden with quotations, during which he t.-Id them that domestic happi ness wiis the only bliss of Paradise that j litis survived the fall. The rector replied in a few quiet words.^ | This marriage went against the grain of : this kindly man somehow more and more. He knew that money was a great thing, »j.d that he was a heavily-burdened man f, iih little or nothing to leave behind him wht n bis summons came. But still he could not reconcile himself to the idea of his handsome girl being the wife of Sir WiUnnu Harley, now when he had seen Sir William. But they wera married, and what is done cannot be undone, thought the rector, as he rose to reply to the spsech of his new son-in-law. But his words were words of soberness. He made no allusions to domestic bliss, nor indulged in any flowery descriptions of wedded happiness. He said hia daughter had been a good daughter-"a dear good daughter always"-and ho prayed she would be a good wifj. Sic William thought he should have said a good deal more than he did, and might have spoken of his son in law in more complimentary fashion. Bat in truth the rector's heart was sore wiihin him. A haunting tear pursued him on his daughter's wedding day, which he could not dismiss. At length it was all over. The bride, in her ctaik green velvet and sables, and the bridegroom in his thick fur lined coat and with his travelling cap tied over his ears, found themselves alone in a saloon carriage on their journey to Dover, The rain was still driving before the gusts of ebst wind, and the day wa3 no doubt de pressing ; but Sir William had fortifiad himself: before he started with a brandy and Boda, and perhaps this helped him to take a more cheerful viey of things in general than the bride did ; who shivered and wrapped her fur cloak closer round her as they proceeded on their way. 44 Are you cold, my dear Lucy V' asked the bridegroom "A little," answered the white-lipped bride. 41 lb is miserable weather certainly well, Lucy, we have both taken a momentous step to day, have we nob?" *' Yes," answered Lucy, smiling feebly. "But a seep, my love, which I hope will add to the happiness and dignity of j our life. Y ou must remember now, my dear girl, that you have a position to fill many ejes. Lucy, will be fixed up m my wife-and I with you bo do me credit ; to Eustain my name before the world in a becoming manner," 44 WelT, 1 can only do my best, you know." "I dare say I shall be quite satisfied with that beat. Whenever you are in any dilemma on any social subject come to me. My advice naturally will be of great assistance to you, aud I shall be happy to direct you even in small things. Your father seems a very worthy man, Luc\\-quite the country parson type, eli T 41 He is a good kind man." "So 1 should think; you must not think I am leilectir.g on him, you stupid little gill and Sir Wiliiam patted his young^wife's round white chin. " .Nothing of the sort. 1 assure you ; no, I was very well pleased with Mr. King on the whole, ai d by-the-bye, I must see it I cannot procure kini a better living than bins Northumbrian one, as the stipend i3 only small, 1 suppose T' " It is not very large, certainly." " I conclude not. Talking of North umberland lemiiids me of a queer at >ry mj 8:>n Fred told nie last night. What do you think of Fred, eh Lucy !" 411 think I shall like him very much but what is his queer story about " About a young fellow he was at college ' with. Do you know a family called 1 MunstersV They live somewhere on the j ccastvl believe ?' . Lucy save a slight start, p.nd she hastily pet her hand to her throat and unfastened the silver clasp of her cloak, which sud denly felt as if it were grown too tight. '. I know them," she said in a strange voice. "Ah ! then 1 suppose you know that one of them, 1 forget the name, Fred's friend at all events, was believed to be lost at sea in a little yacht, of which he wa3 the owner, and that he has turned up again T I "Turned up again?" repeated the trHle, with such blanched lips and cheeka I that the bridegroom, who was looking at | her, began to be afraid that Lucy might ; i soon lose her complexion. j j "Yes, it's an extraordinary story," he ' | said; "some Wo months ago this little i j yacht was seen to founder at sea, and all | hands were naturally supposed to be lost. ! j But yesterday Fred had a letter, absolutely | ! a letter, from the supposed daad man. , j This Munsters - Jack Muusteis I think ; Frtd called him-had, it seems, been j ! picked up in an insensible condidon by j ' an outward-bonnd ship, and the crew of j J this ship, of course, did not know who ha j j was, as he had sustained some injury on j i the head and was unconscious. However, j I they put into Lisbon, and left him in a j | hospital there, and after a struggle bd- i i tween life and death, the young fellow has j rallied, and remembers everything up to j i the time of the wreck of his yacht. The j I rest is a blank to him ; however, he has ; j written to Fred to tell him he is still one i j of the denizens of the world, and Fred { is very much delighted, and was tolling i me all about it. lu's a strange tale, isn't . j it v j j " Very," answered the bride in a husky i I voice, still nervously clutching the cpvor- | i irgs of her throat- i ! "Lucy, how hoarse you are ! I am : afraid you have caught cold " j "No, I want air-air !" And she rose, ; staggering to her feet, and tried to opan . the window nearest to her. i "Air! On a day like this? What folly, my dear. I really cannot stand . ; the draught from an open window. Why, Lucy, how white you are ! Good heavens ! what is the matter-are you ill V But the bride made no answer ; she had fainted in the bridegroom's arm3. ; (To be continued.) 