SOCIAL 60SSIP. SOCIAL GOSSIP FEGM HOKE. Th.ox x i ii-i-r. 2i f Lai'. Monday 'then ra s:ntfit:nz Efee a ( nc4 li At'of lit New Cost;TbeaCfc, ; ens se- ii* d^r-iiee*. of tbs a&ije;&ae; ax si>* ■ ! difeexefor; c>: lit-lr «:srnaii'-ie?5- There was ae eecus® of toe e-jusptsr wLieh was . thoroughly t&risdiec; fact « was only tbe P-; ■ tad fsJUrr which gere exjceRcou to tbsr < ' ustot-sed sr&vti.afc.; Ii eeeas to le as in- j evitiijit peculiarity of tf>sts ct* tacaxres j , tha tie mors thsrit* ts-prfsi in ct®|»ri-. ton with the o'd iBik.efcfc.iit, nasfcie. toi an-: toeoiiic ^T-iKtiKt tie mure odk« do b»j j prets oc zcr ztUiit.r ce. Drtricft, *°2 I ! tiers.tietis of tLe Set Cc*n JVwtt rat j pabfebed tome time ago in so evening news-, paper, and si? casual chsemer* agreed in pro-1 uocrtcLcg it a triumph of Mr. Esadea'e EkiiL j The real tfc-f.z a tstj different Wbea yoa ] i^xzA to the £si-€-*T, s® r= sne geuerouf-y < ;cT--el to d-, no matter what joe mij Lars j ps; i for jcor pfs.ee, you ere impressed w.tfc s the notion that job bare retcaed tbs isatfrr. • of a small light-bouse, and tiikt the Ugh:- j hoBte keeper's ^m:ij art baring a quarrel in ; tbe basement Tfce ro.ee*. indeed, y--n can ! bear, bst who the pe-upie are upon the stars ; « a thin? that yea must guess, jas beet yc.-c ■ roij, ir-vaJ inspecting the t<ctiar of their b&ir.; 'fiiep t, which U riiicukiaely insimi fi'jax.t in spies, a approached from the street \ by a break-neck st^. nraj, wklds ii almost dosed by a wooden berrier si the bitJom. so that the first antrals were rebjeeted to a' species of pi.s/wfed <f—re bf the presttirt, or those above. * The epecisi grievanot of the ; *talis and the drew circle is that when once the? are oat of their Beats they find them selves virtually ta the open street, without s.nr fo. sr or other place in which to shelter rhemeelves during the tedious process ot "getting svsj." .Looting to the bitter cold • and frequent rain of oar theatre season, it is possible 'hs.t this abeesce of a hz*.r may n -t : improbably prove tbe rain of tbe theatre. All these def-cts are not wholly the fault. of tbe management or the architect. Toey are set do en to the long score which j London is running op against :ts ot'e noiV, "tbe gr and landlord," or rather, " the eminent Srm ~ who manage bis affairs. » To the dwellers in spacious and leafy Mel- i bourne, it is d.fffcolt to realise how Lon-! doners are cramped and crowded, brow- \ beaten, orderei about, and fleeced by the half-; dozen great magnates who practical If own the i West Kal. Tney live ap-.rt, like tbe gods of • Olympus, deaf to tbe prayers of men. Tb^y 1 have a fired idea that thdr incomes ought to) beaiwajfciriC!easing, and woe betidetbeogents j who sfa< aid fail to report ontinoaily in- ' creasing bank lodgments. They are all per sonal friends, and in tbe habit of comparing notes with one another. There is a sort of emulation among them aa to who will screw the most oat of his estate. If one of them conceives that be is getting less than bis feliowe, he gives bis agents warning to do better. Tbe feeling of resentment against the fin— is by no means a party one. Tbe crusade has in its vanguard one of the most popular of conservative papers. Tbe committee of die House of Commons Is recording a tremendous indictment against the system—more espe cially against its most odious feature, " the confiscation of goodwill," which comists in charging a tradesman or professional man, who has made a name for himself at a par ticular spot, an exceptional rent on pain of driving him out and compelling htm to take up "a new pitch," at a place where bis customers or clients will have difficulty in finding him. The New Court Theatre is tbe latest example of the vagaries of the ground landlord. The terms charged for space in the neighbourhood are so exorbitant, that it was only by sacrificing tbe comfort of the audience that tbe rent was brought down to a figure which tbe receipts of the bouse could afford to cany. This peed on the part of the landlords will bring its own punishment. It will redound in the end more to the ad vantage ol tbe Socialists than ot themselves or their tenants. What adds to tbe peril of their position is their general lack of municipal patriotism. Hie Ifarquis of Noitbampton and bis son, Lord Compton, are tbe only two of the class who con spicuously identify themselves with the wel fare of their tenants. The Duke of West minster and Lord Cadogan have done a few things in tbe way of providing party dubs and coffee palaces, but there is no great public work or public recreation ground which can be pointed to as a monument of landlord generosity; and some of the class, such as the Dake of Portland, Lord Port man, Lord Salisboiy, and Sir Kichard Sutton are not known to nave done anything at all to avert the Nemesis that waits on the un redeemed selfishness of wealth. On Monday night the punishment doe to the greed of the landlord tell vicariously on the broad but innocent shoulders of poor Miss Flurry Wood, tbedaughterof Mrs. John Wood, the manager of the theatre. She was making her first appearance on tbe London stage, and waa cast fur the heroine in a tedioos comedietta of the "Directoire" period. Nothing that she said could be beard lot the yelling and the chaff of pit and gallery. Tbe laitrir had awoke to a' fresh and private grievance—tbe absence of a ventilating abaft, the result of which was, that the air which they were forced to breathe whs air that bad already been breathed two or three times by their more fortunate brethren below. Then j there were cries for programmes, mingling with all tbe Other jarring sounds.'. The poor | girl arid her fellow-players stood the ordeal i manfully, When their tormentors were oat j of breath and they could be beard, the tone of their voices told how much nervous anguish they bad undergone. Their faltering botes were greeted with fresh yells pi "Speak op," and when they did speakup what they said was caught op, repeated, perverted, and generally guyed. For dowpright fiendiBh brutality, there is probably nothing in the world equal to a London first-night audience. But efen the Court audience on Monday became tired in time of tbis torturing work, and allowed the comedietta to finish itself In peace. Hie play which followed was an adaptation by Mr. S. Grundy of ' Let Surprises du Divorce," in which Coqnelin made such a hit when here during the opting. "Lea Surprises da Divorce," through the medium of broad farce, contrives to convey a eerioua socio-political argument to the French. By the-approved method of n reducUo ad absurdum, the author half convinces bis countrymen that they have gone-too far in facilitating a divorce. Divorce can now be obtained in France for a blow before witnesses. A than driven mad by the tyranny of bis mother-in to slap her face/but the. blow fells law tries < ... on bis wUe's cheek, and by this accident be is, as he thinks, released from the intolerable incubus of a tnothfr-in-iaw. To secure hlin feelf against a rehewal iff his misery.bsbegt marries a widoWer'S daughter; but his last e «mc tfefOB aif £r«. jot hn lather in *2>JE^<?5 ZXAfZ* fc &&JTS;&TG-; U*"3 j . _ j XC' be tie T riEttger Sfc*. f c: v_:.r»i wife, i wa:-, Et :n ^hc t«riBr:nr c-i ;-i7. ^ ; rawpEni't *r:cn tier n. •<; ■-?*- Tr." fiAb'ris- • i iiW O-JtBCi witL bk rjf®" V*> I J- faff IP After ; lata t»-a®se, where crti. lis diajriiterasi s ; **- lie br ri- Trie ;£.ue dsiE tial iasa*i o: an n>;-:Lei-la-Iia he fas _ UifW !*■•_• S3-4hit&-il!-i4.*. C Tit C-: 5belli te-T.g tut <l-wb ;orn»er wsie : lie fee?:® s i-bv>:-2i:y that we tanc t-euer ie*tr tot 3Is we have tiits fir to otbet; thw rt b: v c:t/.:; tD^ that a ii&ie; oxt dirges::/ graiiir.s.: the i prDmpungf cf ixEptlie ~:r""; e:<&t;»nies be * , butflKEf in diBrtiSf. A..' ti 5 rtucotJ ;n j tercet » lost in the Enjbkh actpsnioa. L-norct is best a pset ue liixg. wr.icfapo sane rate ironic so ni himself oi La:£ a doze® xao&ere-b-U;*. is k Beceasary to iiilroioae tbe BBpieaekiiS eiei>ect oi d-rs.'Sgal _ isSderity; mod when trt set the ibewa* :n * Ee»itirf we twe csn er.vf tr.nijTiir that | we may tr-mV wosi: he poiicl to the hiri of j fifteen Jx mbose bes&i; Kl Gi.btn t-irs : that the wtoit fch&a; is ;uo„ oe, worse stiii, ; facfxhasg that w-.zii As.; btr, in her ? ) oesoaace, tossk aerible ar,i awkward «u«« ; nous of titeirksoE beaiie btr. fispps'y, on ■ this cccatica, Mr. Grcocj hai dose tis w rk • I as dgictsej as a pit; srifi; coi-1 do it. I: ' | was ail a tcjatabe t\\-~-z; the icdicotr. It ! arose oct of a shower oi rata, a pastrycook'® ' nod a harowe: ErEhter-s. Bat itj. ' efie»ded acaiaK ail sesse c: colors :ry to find, J, : as ve did, in she st-o.-ai act, two roaag; ; people who fcad paas^i utr>azti the d.rorce ; ' court as cclpsita. Oitrr«:d, aai iivinj the itfe ' ■ ■oi resystaWe ctixetts ;a :sj h^hl/decor-'^s .1 1 smtwrb of Twi^enhsra. In Eorlaoi, after t, Scaring ia the dir-jret c.tirt, yoa change ' yoar narae, or go ;o Xii-a don"; remain ■' at frkcflibE. Toe riu te in the- piece -; ?eh.ai» to Ma Jvfcn Kite. who. lice Mrs. j ■ Wood, has had a new f^ure baitt :or him. j • As thef were both tnanrers, ani sne was [ i the o3?r possitde rcfre?r:.ti::re of the m^fr in-law, it was a i.ieiU--u which miHt!; engage the other as a s.iuh'rf actor, | .■ that the piece coa.i no; oe p^yed :n both i places at once. It end-; in Mr. Hare' btain- j, ing the salaried p:<s-:-'.>s as i sanng fcirnseit j; the rue of the rt-.tste. The purt of the I uero djes net sci: a.st weii He lacks j spoBtaneity, at»-i a_-j:.;es ate n-.=t comic s; in a pre-eminent degree. T.-.e great eittution f, of the p!ay is when the hero sees bis | former n;jther-tn- iaw citse icoy h^ new ' home. At thai crisis the face cf Coqsehn ' ( was something to re mem her. Hare's face is ' the conventional gr.snice of a transporitine ! iiamiel catching Lie hrst gUmpse of the ] Ghost. After the first perform a nee, in & tyou nsiiso.-efte bard L«y U.eie githered theai seivea together a oympiny ^mprieing some of the ebjrpes: fnteiligrncts aroonget the working art and iiteraicre of London. "There's no money in t.oe piece," remarked "'Sir Walter," "oi the Pir.k en." " But, my dearteHow," answered Willie ft'slde 'Omar's eider brother}, " j on forget that tor the next six months to come no taia viU beaiioved to enter any house in society nniess he can satisfy the haii porter that be has been the New Court Theatre, and can describe its decorations." before the " taccess of curiosity" ihns picturesquely indicated has passed sway, a more s<?i;d and bnlli&at; piece of work will l»e forthcoming from the pea of Fioero. Talking of divorce, a phenomenal success bus attended the correspondence on the question, " Is marriage a failure "f which baa been proceeding at the rate of two columns a day in the Da.'V Tfkgraph ever since the rising of Parliament. " l*hat cor respondence siionlJ stop now,'1 say superior persons; "it is the laughing- stock of the town." Mr. Edward Levy Lawson does not agree. The return* which he receives of bis sates and advertisements tell bim that it means a seven- hundred ton yacht, a gallery i of old masters, the French crown jewels— anything you can imagine that is nice and expensive. Whenever the correspondence seems to bang fire, the Willie Wilde above mentioned, who is one of the staff of the paper, is put on to write a large type letter. He has been a cheery merchant skipper, with four lovely olive brunches, an aged and solitary rear-admiral, the outraged wife of a fashionable physician, a dweller in the Upper Bohemia, aud an advocate of ab solutely free love, a nonogenarian clergyman still tasting the undiminished sweets of a honeymoon which bas lasted sixty years— everything in turns, and nothing long. ThingB are said every day by tbe genuine participators in tbe correspondence which ten years ago would have been followed by the indictment of the paper. Now nobody minds. AH our institutions, our thoughts, oar beliefs are in tbe crucible. According to the books of reference, it is a conservative Government which it in power, and the representation of the nation in Parliament is also decidedly conservative. The nation itself is meantime dancing carmturnole "down the ringing grooves of time," with what reaalte another five years or so will see. Mr. Arthur James Balfour, tbe Chief Secre tary for Ireland, although nearly 40 years old, bas never nntil now had time to divert hia thoughts from philosophy and politics to love Lately, however, he has been court ing, and is positively stated to be engaged to be married. The only question is—to whom? Tbe mere conventional story is that it is to a daughter of Lord Bath. There seems, how ever, more picturesqueness, and perhaps as much probability, in the assertion that it is to Miss Margot Tennant, a daughter of Sir Charles Tennant, of tbe Glen, who was in former Parliaments one of Mr. Gladstone's most fervid supporters. Miss Margot Ten nant isn young lady of marked individuality of character, and one of the most brilliant Conversationalists in London. Mr. Balfour has been lately staying at her father's house, where (ber sisters being all married) she does tbe honours. It is curious how fond many of the Glads toniana like Sir Charles Tennant areoIMr. Balfour personally. .His appear ance, voice, manner, culture, and tempera ment are exactly those usually awswinted with well-bred Jacobinism. Conservatism seems to sound strangely in his mouth It has the startling effect of tbe sounds of a trumpet proceeding from the strings of a fiddle. He connta Mr. Gladstone, Mr. Laboncfaere, Sir Lyon Playfalr, and even Mr. Steadnmong his personal friends. The latter is enthusiastic about him. They will have it that bets at bottom one of themselves—that he ia doing their work, and merely' working ont bis party a policy to show that nothing can come ofit 1 expect-that in future ream be will be u natiohal favourite. The English always begin withja bitter averaion. Tfaey canfcot like a man until theyhaveex baMtedevexy form of abuse and caricatnfe in aNcnolog bim* < It is cations to note how snenfe loobiifiproro in 4he satirical jonntslt Bstimegoeson. bright bras once a' buriy and: ' repulsive Quaker, and- Randolpn Cburchiua tomtit Now, evgh Mr. Pafnell is becopung'Tueafiy niuwsome.' Mr, Balfonr Isnotihutfhfilteredby ttjelikenesses of his friends, and the csyticatnres of his enemies represents htm as a horror. ? inr tlme the 2tcbSf«?45l,^a'l®'"him man, taShet above the middle belghk 