THE STORY-TELLER. AN AUSTRALIAN GHOST STORY. [By M. P.] Old Thompson is sorely well known every where. He is snoh a very hospitable old gentleman, and has snoh a genial manner, and snoh a marvellous faculty for; " - - - - r yarning, that [ am not Inclined to think kindly of the "■"» who has partaken of the old gentleman's hospitality for even one evening and yet does not love urn. His real name, as every one knows, is " Jabez Thompson, Esq., J. P., proprietor of Moomba Cattle Station." The old gentleman assumes that tremendous title whenever he buttons himself In a stiff frock coat, and takes his aeat on the Bench of the Local Court with snoh a severe frown that his j ally old red face seems transformed into a very im placable and apoplectic effigy of justice. But onr friend is not interesting in that character, an d perhaps we had better take a torn outside the Courthouse while he tries two important oases; and we may be Bure he will be lenient with the man for stealing chickens, and the old iady witb the high oomplexion for making away with some of her neighbours' clothes Sid Thompson is never very severe; it is contrary to nis warm-hearted nature to do otherwise than temper justioe with mercy. Old Thompson is one of the very eldest inhabitants, in faot, some people assert that he is the oldeBt Inhabitant; but that vexed question has never been satisfactorily deter mined. At any rate he proves vastly enter taining when you manage to " draw" him out about the old days. The old man would seat himself beside the fireplaoe — careless whether a fire burnt there or not—with his head thrown back, and a particularly dis reputable cutty pipe between his lips, and spin yams by the hour. And wonderful yams they were sometimes. He had an excellent memory, a keen sense of humour, and a manner of relating his tales that held you an interested listener from first to last; or as " Diok Turpin," as we had ohristeoed the horsey young man of the township, once remarked—" from post to finish." By profession I am a commercial traveller, and as 1 have often spent a pleasant evening at Moomba, Mr. Thompson and I sere intimate Mends. My host was one of the most hos pitable of men, and the surest way to offend him would be to pass his gate after nightfall, which, by-the-way, 1 never did. "X never knew, you had a graveyard so close to the house until to-night." I said as we eat quietly smoking in hu snuggery one evening after dinner. "You mean the graveyard on the sand hill?" Queried the old man, giving me a queer look from his twinkling little eyes. " Ah yes, but I have a ourioua yarn about that plaoe." I filled my pipe afresh and settled down to listen. "Bo you believe in ghosts f' asked old Thompson abruptly. " You don't; no I see you don't. Never meta commercial traveller who did. Well, neither did I until one day. or rather night, I had an- experience, ana then—ha, ha, ha," and the old gentleman laughed until I was oblighed to pat him on the back to prevent him from oboking, " That grave," continued the old man in a saddened tone, " is the last resting-plaoe of a trooper who fell about twenty-five, years ago while engaged with three othere in de fending this house, or rather the hut then standing where this house is now built, from bushrangers. It is a long and rather painful story, but I think I had better tell you, and then you will be better able to understand onr fears about that ghost. I lived humbly in those days in a small slab hut, with two station hands, for we were pioneering, and the station was only half-formed. The oountry was wild and un settled at that time. There were not half a dozen settlers within oooey of us as there are now, and not a township nearer than 75 miles. One evening as I was turning-in I happened to glanoe through the little window, when I caught the gleam of what seemed a spear or tomahawk in the bright moonlight. It did not take us long to bar the window with stout redgum sleepers, for the blaokB were troublesome in those days, and they often thought less of spearing one of the invading whites than a sheep. We were euoh musoular, hard-work ing fellows that the savages rightly regarded na as inedible. We were so busy with our preparations for defence that the strangers had halted at our door before they were per ceived. They were not blacks, as we had imagined, but fonr swarthy troopers, whose dusty uniform and knocked-up horseB gave eigne of rather hard riding. Their businees was soon told. There were bushrangers about. About a week ago three men had broken gaol, seized all the arms, ammunition, and provisions they could carry from the general store in the township, and taken to the bush. ' And,' concluded the sergeant cheerfully,' they are, we think somewhere In your neighbourhood. Before to-morrow evening we hope to give the vagabonds a lesson. You had better finish fix in' up the hut,' eaid the man, stroking hiB chin,' while by your leave we'll atow the mokes iu that lean-to at the book. Perhaps, if we have luck, they may pay ue a visit. It was well that we had barricaded the door and windows witb atout redgum elabs, and oleaned the cobwebbed loopholes in the walls. Just as the glorious summer moon was beginning to pale before the uncertain light of morning a man knocked at the door of the hut, demanding admission. He de scribed himself ob a Benighted swagsman, but we knew better. Thronghthe loopholes we saw him nervously fingering the trigger of his gun, while two men peered anxiously over a Huge log about 25 yards distant. We let the fellow in, however, when he promptly aimed his gun at the pit of my stomaoh and roared' bail up' in his fiercest bushranging tones. To his surprise we did nothing of the sort. In an instant bis gun was knooked from his hand, and ths stern muzzles of fonr rifles Bmiled grimly npon him, * It's no go,' said the Bergeant calmly. The man glanced despairingly at the barred windows, the four uniformed troopers, and the fonr threatening rifles, and conoludod it wasn't. . _ 'I cave, but I don't split on my pals, I swings first,' he mntterea grimly. The two worthies behind the log were evi dently perplexed at their oompanion's disap pearance. Presently one man quitted ambush and cautiously approached the hut. Hie footsteps were dearly audible even as he crept carefully over the hard ground. A strange change seemed to have overtaken our captive. He was battling with some emotion. His face was pale, and great beads of perspiration started from his brow. Sud denly a harsh smile of evil triumph crept serosa his faoe, and before any of us oould guess his intention he had placed his mouth at one of the loopholes, and given vent to a loud yell, to warn his comrades of .thaic danger. For a second the trooper's finger trembled on tbe trigger, then he ooolly re versed his rifle, ana brought the weapon down on the man's head with an awful thud. The poor wretoh fell like an ox. The two misoreante outside speedily pre pared to decamp, until arrested by a volley from the hat. This demonstration evidently surprised them, for they fell flat behind the friendly log for a seoond or two, and then began to return our fire in an irregular manner, which only served to show how badly they were armed. Their powder must have been very bad, for at 25 yards' distance their bnckBhot charges hardly made any impression on the red gum sleepers, and some SeUeta we afterwards picked one from the oor were hardly embedded in the wood. The men gradually retreated nnder oover of thetreeB, returning oor fire in a desultory fashion, until one of them lurched forward, and fell on his faoe, with a deep groan. The other bent beside him for a seoond, and then rising and throwing up his arms in the very abandonment of deBpair, dashed off wildly into the bnsh. Unmindful of the uncon scious man on tbe floor, every one inside the hut rushed alter the fugitive, who was eaptured, after half an hour's exciting chase 1 The fallen man was qnite dead, and we were carrying the oorpBe towards the hnt, while the captured outlaw followed in posses eion of two troopers in the rear, when a strange thing happened. As we neared the hat the door opened elowly and a man staggered into the open. The son was just rising, and it oast one long slanting blood-red ray across the man's faoe, which, pale ae marble, was rendered ghastly, hideons, by a thin red stream which trickled sluggishly from bis dark hair and down hiB pallid forehead. The blood-shot eyeB of the man wandered from ns to the blood- red rising sun, and hack again in an unmeaning stare. Then he bent his haggard eyeB to the ground and eaw a rifle at his feet. For a moment he steadied himself by the doorpost, then grasping the weapon with trembling handB took deliberate aim at the trooper raehing towards him. There was a momen tary pause; then a man staggered forward and fell. It was the trooper who had clubbed him. We bnried that poor fellow in the grave yard yonder," said tbe old man slowly. Then he pansed, knocked the ashes from his pipe, and gazed reflectively into the fire. j "Bat that's only half the story," said the old man presently, " the other half is more oheerfnl." He filled his pipe very delibe rately before continuing, struck a match on the mantelpiece edge, and after puffing away for several moments in qniet enjoyment, again remarked reflectively, " Yes, the other half is more cheerinl, much more cheerful— it's a ghost story, and ghoBt stories are always cheerful when they are told the right way." Thee he stretohed ont his fat legs, threw back his head until his jolly red face was np tamed to the ceiling, and fixing his eye on a' large fly resting there, resumed in a more, cheery tone.- 41 It was abont ten years ago. I remember I had a lot of men in the honse from all the stations round about; they had come to assist at a kangaroo run. We killed abont fiiteen hnndred hangs' all told, and bnried 'email in the cultivation paddock—fine crop they made—and since then a live kangaroo baa never been Been inside the paddook, although before they used to eat half the crop. There are a lot of 'possums in the gams down by tbe river, and the men wanted amusing, so I set 'em on the 'possums. We made np a party of abont a dozen, and off we went. It was a glorious moonlight night, and the shooting was excellent. We made a splendid bag. The moon was dipping low in the west as we started for home by a different track. Ae we strode along the road I remarked that we should have to pass the trooper's grave, and then somehow the talk tamed on ghosts. I have a weakness for ghost yarns, as yon perhaps know, and I believe I told them some peculiarly blood curdling stories ; such as would make the average mortal's flesh creep. One or two o! the party did feel a bit nervous, as they confessed after wards, and when a white rabbit sonttled across the road and disappeared like magio into a thiok patch of shade, Setts, the Bank clerk of the township—he's now Manager— almost jumped out of his smart shooting suit, in his bight, and discharged his gun some where in the direction of the moon, altbongh he afterwards obstinately deolared that he had fired at the rabbit. 'Probably,' he added, with a feeble attempt at a smile,' yon fellows were so frightened that yon made a mistake.' 'Betty is downright soared,' said a young fallow; a super on one of the adjoining stations, as soon as the frightened rabbit had sonttled away unhurt into the brushwood. * Humbug/said Setts, stoutly. ' Proof T' laughed back the yonng man. 4 Well,' ~ said' Mr. Betts, after a pause, 4 the—a-hem—graveyard. Well graveyards, yon know, are you know sometimes consi dered the abodes of of—ghoBts. Bnt I don't believe in ghosts; all hnmbug. And to Bhow yon what I think, I am willing to 'walk past that graveyard alone.' ' Bet yon don't,' said the super promptly. " 4 A pound V 'Yes?' ' It's a wager,' said Betts, and he strode forward nervously towards the fatal spot.' 'Mind yon,' he shouted back in a shaky voice, 'I shan't pat np with any personating nonsense. If any one comes fooling round in a sheet I'll dust him,' and he shook his gun bravely. 'If yon can hit him,' shouted back the super, tor Betts was not what yon might call a 'dead shot,' although it was rumoured that be once hit a bam by discharging hiB gun inBide. 'Betts is in an awful funk,' remarked ajmebody critically, as that gentleman ap proaohed the graveyard at a quick shaky walk. Suddenly Betts stopped. He was nearly a hnndred yards ahead of ns, hut we imagined his knees shook. Harrying forward we soon saw what had frightened him, and it made the boldest amongst ns feel creepy and uncomfortable. A horrid white thing, with flaming eyes and coal-black hornB, rose elowly from the grava aa a vampire might, and hovered like e vulture over the low monnd, Slowly the awfnl thing floated from aide to side, now sinking, now rising slowly, and ever hovering abont the same spot. It was awfnl, Poor Betts, frozen with ohill terror, olnng help lessly to a tree, his eyeballs starting, his hair on end. We felt horror-stricken, rooted to the spot, bat even then I caught myself asking mentally if borns were not a decided novelty in ghosts, and whether green eyes did not add greatly to tbe effeot; so prone is the human mind to frivolity, even at the most supreme moment. Presently the apparition groaned a deep, rambling, horrid groan, that chilled the very marrow in our bones. The effect was magical. Betts, no longer petri fied, shinned np the tree with the agility of ft blacbfeilow, while several of Che party, casting appearances to the winds, dashed off wildly do«n the road; the rest stood firm. Scarcely conscious of action, I raised my gun, and discharged both barrels at the spectre. The effect was awfnL With a hideous roar that even the Prince ol Dark ness himself might envy, the apparition turned and crashed wildly throngh the scrnb. My mind misgave me. Ghosts are not made of the solid stnff of the object I had hit, and I went to bed wondering what I had shot. Next morning there was a loud knock at my door at about 6, and then the mystery was revealed, I bad shot my prize Hereford bull! The animal had broken tbe graveyard fence, and after feeding on the long grass within oamped on the monnd of the trooper's grave. Alarmed by our approach the animal had raised his blazed face, and the setting moon catching the animal's eyes had trans formed them terribly; the rest of the animal'a red body was in darkness, and therefore in visible. The station hand who roased me hadfoand Taurus galloping madly about his paddock, half blinded by two oharges of shot in his face. And so that ghost waB laid. Bat the Srocess was expensive, for the bull had to be estroyed. That midnight adventure oost me one hundred guineas." 