THE STORY TELLER. IN GLITTER OR IN GOLD. Br G. L. PiRKia, in AU the Tear Round. CHAPTER II,-A. MIDSUMMER NIGHT For a moment she could see nothing, hear nothing. Then on a sudden, there came a wonderful rush nf full-toned harmony, and she knew that the player, whoever it was, now was sweeping all the strings iu turu uno after the other. . Aud these were the words tho music brought with it :-' Xs it ridiculous for a mau to love a woman with all his heart aud soul and strength ? Look well upon my face, Chrissie, for you will see it no more again for ever.' ( Chris «ie, with a start and a bitter cry, awoke and sprang to her feet. Her cheeks were wet with tears, ber: heart was beating bard and fast. AH in liaste abe went to the still open window and leaned out. She would not have. been one whit surprised to have seen' there ou tile green sward the golden harp- wt? h Hubert liitnself iu place of the ancient vhjtypist, no strong a -hold had ber vision taken upou ber. But nothing but put. side darkness met her eye. The .night was- still as night could be; there was ne moon, and the sky was so cauopied with clouds that not a star was to be seen, The landscape showed like sime t¡p¿ctral land iu which the shadows bad taken to themselves form and substance, and those thing* which bad form and substance, bad dissolved into shadows. Tbe dis- tant mountains showed like distant clouds, tba uearqr clouds like nearer mountains. The stream looked uothiug more than a streak of leadpeucil across an expanse of gloom, and the wood she could fauèy was a veritable Hades where the shadows were bora, whence they stalked grim and gaunt into the outer world, and whither £ber retired when their work was done, raslie felt herself to bs in dreamland still when, as she stood thus staring into this laud of shadows, a figure emerged from opt the gloom of the wood, and began to take its way slowly and with many a halt across the dark meadow towards tbe bouse., ' Is it a man or a ghost?' Chrissie asked herself, bending eagerly, breath- lessly forward, as somethiiifir ia .the out line "of the advancing agar« recalled the outline of Hubert Loe. But if it wera Hubert,, wliat could have .sent him. back, and why was lie limping fin tl|is way, aa îîthpujfh every step gave him paiu P :ßho did. not stay many seconds at the window debating the matter, but struck a ; light, and made her way down to tho hull door. . ; Ruth's - door opened simultaneously with Chrissie's. She was sti|l dressed hud wrapped up in a shawl : ' Miss Chrissie,' she said apologetically, ' J. «oujdn't make up my mind ti), go . to , bed til| I had been 'ute you agaiu, sp I just lay down for a while. And oh, Miss . Chrissie, such a dream I've had ! J think it taunt have been the wind moaning io tho chimney made me dream it. I dreamt I heard a voice singing-yes, Miss Chris- sie, it was singing,I kupw-audi thought it was your d^ar mather's voice saying, ' It is you who have made my child what she is, captious, and wilful, and fickle, ls this your rotura for the years of kindness I showed yon ?'. And here Ruth's voice gave way, and something like a sob eudud ; her sen teuce. Chrissie was in too great a hurry to get to the hall d»or to stop to comfort her. She only gaye her a passing nod nnd said, K'Perhaps I'm not so bad as that, after all,' îttud then made her way downstairs as fast as possible. , Ruth helped her to unbar the door, and together they stood on the doorstep, peep iug into the,darkness, Chris-tie beginning .to fear hut t he shadowy iinipiqg figure she ? thought slit! had seen was nothing but a dream creature left behind by her vision lo haunt her for a while. A ^streak of light from beneath . thc .study do'r showed that Uncle Simou was stilt up and hard at work at his birdá. Possibly the unusual eonud of U'ibarriug and u;tb >lt ins &t; that hour disturbed him. for he caine ont of his ' don '. blinking Ji^ry hard and rubhiug bis skull cap back- wards and forwards, very much to the di.Htnrb-iuce of his siugle forelock. 'You there, Chrissie ?* ho said. * What are you doing ? ^Thought someone was co.iuiiig np t ) the f rout door ! My dear, I want to; ask you A question : have jon been singing about tho house to-night r* No? Well, I mppose it waa onlv a .dream,:, after all. I must have fallen asle> p over my work-I do sometimes, .yon know-and I beard,in my dream a .stränge np'sa like ten thousand birds .slugingat,once I said to myself, "It is Xthiaunott's birds, now, I shall see them for myself, and find ont whether tiley are tits or linnets,' On and on the souud came, hearer and nearer ; and theo,. just a» I was expecting a rush of crested tit s Into tho room, lo ! there came nothing biit a crowd of veaks, ble' brown beaks, with nb1 bodies behind" TheV all blade iträiglit for me; 7 4^¿ckitlii|i'e'yé8,' ïohe seemed io say ; *'T#&r; at his hand,' eaift another. Thea altogether, ia a chorus, j seemed to shout at me, ' W e've given you song, and you've paid us iu email shot.' 'Chr'ssie,' here Uncle Simon's voice drop- ped a little,'it never dawhed upon me before that I was snch a bloodthirsty individual.' But. Uncle Simon's last, sentence did not catch Chrissie's ear, for fr<tm ont the shadows had onie the figure ber «yes were searching for, and there could bo little doubt bntthatit was the figure of Hubert Lee, and that, he was making bis way to the houso with difficulty aud in pain. It was Chrissie who helped bim up tbe steps, wheeled ont a sofa for bim, and then brought out wine a-id made bira ?lr! ii<r it Yet uot altogether the Chrissie who had earlier ia tito day coquetted with hitn beside the stream, or Inter ou, bad let bim j depart without a word of farewell. Some- thing iu her look, in ber touch, in ber voice, told Hubert of a; change that bad come over the girl, a chance too, with which be was not disposed to quarrel. But be did not venture, as yet, to take advantage of it, and told his story in bumble, penitential fashion. I feel very small, coming back in this way,' be said, trying in spite of the pain be was evidently suffering, to get up a smile- 4 I suppose it is-now four jar five hours since I set off to walk te Gorsaf.y Coed. Before I bad gone . half-way through the wood my. auger began to cool, aud 1 felt 1 had said good- bye to one of my oldest friends;' here he looked at Uncle Simon, in a very sorry' fashion. ' A beautiful bird dew out of a bush and settled io a tree close to me, I think it must baye been a crested tit-' ' Ab-h !' This by way of interjection from Uncle Simon. '. From out tba tree,' Hubert went on, ' there came a fl iod of song, as of a bird singiug to the hen on its nest. I thought I'd find out if they were breeding there, let Mr. Armstrong know, and it would be the best apology I could wake for my brusque departure. I swung myself into the tree bj a low bough, caught at another to ewin* myself higher, when down 1 oaino with a oraslt-r-*' ' My dear boy, did th> nestcoino down with you?' asked Unele Simon anxiously - .that would idoutify the birds at once." Then sott o voce, to himself he added ; ' There could be nothing bloodthirsty in picking up a fullea bird's nest,!' 'Ali, that I can't say; for I lost my atuses as I fell, and lay unconscious on tljO; ground for I don& know how long. When I came to myself it was pitch- dark, and I was in great pain-I think I've hurt my shoulder, as wallas twisted my ankle. But, Chrissie!' ''h«(» ¡ he turned bin face to the girl who stood beside the sofa listening to his story, 'you've no idea bow noisy that wood is at night. The birds seemed never to cease singing, or perhaps it was the soughing of tho winn among: me pines iliac x neara. Anyhow, as I lay on tho ground, there seemed to be voices all round me, saying strange things to me.' Chrissie said nothinsr ; but tho thought iu ber heart was that Telyuiwr had had a very hard night's work indeed. Hilbert misinterpreted her silence. ' Don't think,' he said in a low, apologetic tom\ ' that I've come backte do nothing but teas* and worry you into marrying me--'here be paused a moment, looking up at her wisffullv. ' so soon as I get ray foot well I'll be off nguiu-that is, if yon will tell mo to go ?' This was put in tcrrogntively. But still Chrissie said nothing, only her \ eyes were very downcast, her cheeks rosy j red. Hubert weat on even more doubtfully than before. 4 If .1 am to go. I am, and there is no more to be said ; but will yon -as a great favour I ask it-mind till- ing me if, when you said you. loved your love with a ' B,' you really meant Book- worm aud-sud Baldwin-and-and;--' But her»1 be Bfcipp«d, not liking to add the word ' Bore,' which earlier ia the day be bad used so lightly. Chrissie looked shy, demure and happy all in one. .All girls'love their loves' with 'B's,* don't you know, bacause they are Bach- elors-really I meant nothing else,' she Slid softly. And the way ita which she said it put Hubert's doubts effectually te flight. ' Ah.' «aid Ruth contentedly to herself, as she fidgctted rouud the room preparing bandflges aud lotions for the braised shoulder and ankle, ' she'll love her love with another loiter before the year's ont, I take it-with an * H' maybe, for that stands for Hubert and Husband.' And Built was right. 