BAPTIS'TSE OPF 1TE QUfEIEN'S GR.LYD DAi UGITTER.i An event of some historical interest tools ftar place a few weeks ago at Bahnoral Castle, (ca! the occasion being the celebration of the cis' baptism of the infant daughter of his Clu Royal Highness Prince Henry of Batten- nui burg and her Royal Highness the Princess the Beatrice. The young Princess, the second clt child of their Royal Highnesses, was born pal at Balmoral Castle on the afternoon of wb Monday, 24th October, and in announcing sit the event the Court Circular stated that is the birth was the Girst that had occurred th< in the Royal Family in Scotland since the 1600\. On the 19th of November of that 1ll year the ill-fated Charles I., second son of James I., was born at Dumfermline. Pro-U sc: bably the baptism of 1'rinces Bleatriecs's it little daughter eas the first under the Presbyterian form that has ever occurred tl the Royal Family since the Union. wl The baptism was celebrated in the w1 drawing-room of the castle, a spacious to apartment, possessing characteristics of a li Highland home, the furniture being llp- 1,1 holstered in tartan cloth, of which material G,i the window drapery was also composed. bh The room was specially cmbelihecd for the occasion. The font was placed on a square 1 pedestal5 encased in crim1son cloth. '1'hT,. l font was the large, chastely- ornamented bh gold one which has been used in the 4s baptism of all the members of tlihe Royal l Family. At the base of the pedestal, and 5] arranged around the base of the font thole Is was a chaste display of leaves and flowers, P comprising white chrysanthemums, Cape jasmine, arbor vitae sprigs, white lillies, at and maidenhair ferns. The water in the m font came from the River Jordan. While the Royal party entered tile d drawing-room the Madrigal Choir sang d a choral by his Royal Highness Prince W Consort- IN In life's gay molr oroe sprightly youth u By vice and folly is onslavod ; Oh, may the Mal:er's glorious name Be on thy infant mind engravwd.t This verse was also being sung while the infant Princess was brought into the room t by lady Blddulph and two nurses. Dr. 1 Cameron Lees then performed the core mony of baptism according to tle simple - order of the Church of Scotland, her Ik Majesty holding the infant Princess while the water was sprinkled on the child's face. The names given were-Victorian Eugenie Julia Eva. Immediately after the baptism j the choir sang " Saint Francis," by Sir Arthur Sullivan, the words specially ar ranged being Father, Thou who hast created ill, h In wisest love wsee pray, i Look on this babe. who at Thy gracious call, b It entering on life's way ; Bond o'er her in Thy tenderness, t Thine image on her soul impress- O Father hear. 0, Son of God, who died'st for us, behold, We bring our child to Thee ; Thou, tender Shepherd, take her to Thy fold, Thine own for aye to beo; Defend her throughs this earthly strife, And lead her on the path of life O, Son of God O, Holy Ghost, who broodest o'er the wave, E Descend upon this child; Give her undying life. liher spirit lave With waters undefiled; Grant her while yet a babo to be A child of God. a home for Theo O, Holy Ghost I Dr. Cameron Lees then offered up prayer. t and thereafter tle choir sang " Now thank 1 we all our God." Dr. Cameron Lees then pronounced the Benediction, and the cere- , mony was over,having lasted about twenty minutes. The scene presented was very pictur esque. Her Majesty wore a black dress and white cap. The keepers and ghillies wore Highland dress, and the bright Ille of tartan, as well as of the scarlet coats most of the men servants wore, a:ddel colour to the scene and enhanced its effect. Most of the servants wore Jubilee medals. After the ceremony was over all those who had been invited to witness it had luncheon in the ballroom. We understand her Majesty presented the servants with souvenirs in commemoration of the event. 