A Budget of Paradoxes. Philosophers have not yet been able to de- cide what would be the fate of the donkey placed between two hayricks. As there is clearly no reason why he should choose one rick rather than another, it is to be presumed that, logically he would starve to death be- tween them. "Whether this would be found to be the case in practice may perhaps be doubted at any rate until theory has been verified by experiment. The corpse of the starved animal would certainly be "confirm- ation strong." Wanting the testimony of such experiment, let us pass on to consider another case of self- destruction-the case of the well-known English proverb, " There is an exception to every rule." For if there isan exception to every rule there is an exception to this proverb. Therefore, there ÍB a rule without an exception. That is, the proverb contradicts itself. " If Dick's farther is Tom's son what rela- tion ÍB Dick to Tom ?" This familiar query is too obvious of solution to deserve more than passing mention. The following, however, of the same class, will be found very much more fatal. A man standing before a portrait says of it: " Bieters and brothers hove I none Yet that man's father is my father's eon." What relation is the speaker to the person depicted in the portrait ? It is quite remark- able how often the answer is given that the portrait represents the speaker himself. As a matter of fact, it represents the speaker's son. "There is a spot on the earth's surface from which if any number of men set out to walk in different directions, all would be walking towards the same point of the com- pass. "What is that spot?" It will perhaps not need any v«*ry prolonged reflection to discover that the spot in question is the North Pole. It will, in fact, be evident that a man standing at the Pole, in whatever direction ha sets out must, as long as he proceeds in a straight line, walk due south. The following is a really excellent paradox. " A train starts daily from San Francisco to New York, and one daily from New York to San Francisco, the journey lasting seven days. How many trains will a traveller meet in journeying from San Francisco to New York ?" It appears obvious at the first glance that the traveller must meet Beven trainB-and this is the answer which will be given by nine people out of ten, to whom the question is new. The fact is overlooked that every day during the journey a fresh train is starting from the othar end, while there are seven on the way to begin with. The traveller will theretore meet not seven trains, but fourteen. The following proposition is both curious in itself, and admits of some interesting variations in the applications of the principle on which it depends. " If there are more people in the world than any one person haB hairs upon his head, then there must exist at least two persons who possess identically the same number of hairs." If the reader fails to perceive at once the necessity of this conclusion, let him first con- sider, as a simpler case, instead of the hairs on a man's head, the number of teeth in a man's jaw. Let bim suppose tbirty«four per- sons to be assembled in one room ; then the full number of teeth in a man's jaw being thirty-two, it is easily seen that-even sup- posing one member of the party so unfortu- nate aB to have no teeth at all-there must be at least two persons present possessed of identically the same number of teeth. The ar plication of this example to the proposition in question is evident. It is, in fact, only a matter of larger numbers. Now, to apply this principle to other esses. It has been asserted, for example, that in a field of grass there cannot be found two blades in all respects identical. It will be l seen, however, that if the blades of grass are more numerous than the differences between them perceptible to the eye, then there must I be at least two blades exactly alike, or at least not to be distinguished from each other by inspection. This example will serve to introduce another and more interesting application. For we may apply the same reasoning not only to blades of grass in a field but to the faces of human beings in the world. If the number of perceptible differences between two faces be not greater than the total number of the human race, then, by parity of reasoning, there must exist at least two persons who are to all appearances exactly alike. Now, when it is considered that the human countenance does not vary except within comparatively narrow limits-no man, for example, having bis nose in the centre of his forehead, or his eyes placed below his chin-when we con- sider the effects of this ¡imitation, it will be see that the number of these perceptible dif- ferences is probably immensely less than the estimated number of individuals existing on the globe-some fifteen hundred millions. We are thus brought to the curious con- clusion that there not only may be, but must be, pairs of individuals living, who are to all intents and purposes exactly alike. This result, it need scarcely be observed, is borne out by the remarkable number of cases of mistaken identity to be found in the records of the law courts. But this is not all. We may, if we choose, push the same reasoning a step further, and consider, not merely all persons living at one time, but all who have existed on the earth since the first appearance j of mankind. We shall then be forced, with j a vast increase of certainty, to thiB conclus- ion-that among those untold millions there must have been, not one or two, bat a very considerable number of individuals, whose counterparts have existed with such exaetness of resemblance, that could the members of such pairs of duplicates have been brought together, each would have started back in horror and amazement, as if, like the hero of Pope's weird story, he had encountered his own ghost. ' The manure of cattle contains 20.28 per cent, of organic matter and alkaline salts combined ; that of horses, 21.64 percent. ; of hogs, 25 per cent. ; of sheep, 31.29 per cent This high fertility of sheep mannre is a very strong argument in favour of sheep hus- bandry, but when it ÍB considered that sheep create this fertility largely from weeds, bram- bles, brush, etc, the destruction of which is so desirable to the farmer, the Importance and value of these animals cannot be over- estimated, even if they are as destitute of wool as a door-knob. Ten thousand four hundred and fifty-nine pounds has been paid into Melbourne Equity Court as pro- bate duty on the "Victorian estate of the late Thomas Chirr ie. ./ 