THE MARBURlG SIJOW. The second annual exhibition of the Marburg, Kirchheiim, Glamorgan Vale, au.n 1Iek Plaion Agri cultural and nludustrial Association wa. held, in the School of Arts, at aloarlurg, on Wedooeday last. It was in markeld COutrot to the previous one in va ious wava. It was not uohered in with so tiuch pomp anid cl-ricmny--lthel wiea not at it ; real live lord, thie Gv'ern+or, andl a hon. of dhirtiguished visitara- tlh commnitte, proti:ing Iy i.anst exprielnee, haIt, in manycasee, mode mu ch better trrancoements, and these were, on the whole, cart iae out falliy oatlsfact crily. The I aVuciatioU, ho vcrrL, sore again uufortunate as regardc the usaco.u, which is very uunalvourable for the growth of agricultural pto eueto. A pretty good show. however, resulted, th:,ogh the quantity ri ex hij:tas ,as not what s?trangr?as nouuld expotc to see in the centre of co laige and rich o.u agricultural dis triet, and tieree is re-on to f nr that too nIany per, sons refrain fr",n showing whalt theyb hare. The fancy work,, sewing, oant u-at ai the echoo. exhibit, were on na Uentral tahle, nod no one on theit.lalormn ; maps and pictures alornled tl st, allo: 'egeotablhea, fruit, and flowert occupied LIb l-f..aoand Lu.e table; butter, toe.Ie, ebre:n, wine, hinney, and ouch like were on the oplpoite side ; leather wans hung calonst tihe wall at the :jght-lhald corer, a?nl, in. thue :ttle side.room close by the: ti :z e and uther ,eda swere placed. On and near t.ie iooot erardah were some other farmr, produce exhihits-hay, cb ff, pumpkins, and collectious. Two plrre cup ' were alto to be eoun on tile cutralt table. T'n oor threce of theride-shows tth?icht wOer at Sandly Gallop, last week, were on the ground, and the Kirchhoim B· tid, under the leadoerhiip of Mr. ,. Ba:,ntr, diseaur.vdi go d music thrcoughout the day. Mlr. Thb-s. Mlotimer k pt i pubhican's booth, and M r. P. Angel eat.red for the luncheon. There was a very go-Id a?teunllance of reei'lents of tlhe ie.,lity and adj:cent dihtrict+ over 1200, it was ontlcnp- ted, as £15 wai vttken at the g't,: lnt visit(ia truom Ipswich and t hlorlans ware much fewer than watv i;e case late year. The r"n :t , j .a ., h ,wna" n t?, an. . -i 1 "I un ., a nd t , ,i.u?e 'aa , vt siit ,llail.n,; Ia-LM a? t "lr a.. ce, saiet tot1 .n IC "I -eYay- nain a0 ttnm caw. ;. d ctae i they cosld nou aucc. by tail at tloi.uno; and the sante con alat, snole outalnsie cahei.oen Lewer, notwithstanding that the society conveys exhibits from Walloon free. A large proportion of the Ips wich visitors either rode or drove out. Amongst the gathering-local and outside folk-we noticed Mr. J. 1B. L. JIambert, Mr. and Mra. A. H. Barlow, Mr. and Mrs. J. L. Frederich, Mr. and Mrs. C. G. K. Wiese, Mr. and Mrs. T. L. Smith, Mr. and Mrs. J. I. Holdsworth, Mr. and Mrs. F. A. MUller, Dr. and Mrs. Von LusoLaerg, Dr. and Mrs. Channing Neill, Dr. Groghegan, Mr. and Mrs. C. F. Hunt, Mr. J. A. Jackea, and others. The committee and other officials seemed to have done their part lo nrdo getting up the show, and, if there was not so large a deploy as wished, the fault must be attriluted to the people of the distriet, mnot of whom, it is to he peeld, will take a greater interest in the society in the ltoure; while those who have shown should put forth increased efforts. A few general remarke as to the exhibits will not, perhaps, he out of place. In the " vegetable" aection there were seoe exhi .its which might fairly be commcnded-soame of tihan were pronounced to be not at all inferior to those at Sandy Gallop, last week. The collection seut by Mr. W. M'Dowall, of Oxley, was nice and fresh looking, and numbered at least twenty varieti,.e. He, it is understood, pays some attention to irrigation, which, however, can be availed of by very few near Marburg. The local collection was very fair, and no were the cab. bages, fur the season. Tile lettuce was better than night have been expected, and Mr. Klapfel showed endive, German, andalarge Fruch variety. Thegreen pens were highly creditable, and tile Swede turnips, though not largoe, were nice and vohid, but the best bunch would have benefited by being trimmed upfor show. One of the bunches of white turnips was of fair size, good, and firm, though others were come. pithy what and lacked its sizeand ppearance. There were five eoxibits of red beet- only medium, except. inug the prize lot, though there was a bunch of very nice, clean, young roote, whose only fault, perhaps, was that it was too small and young. Sweet pota toes were represented by two small lute-not eogood a display as that of last year; but there were more Enghish potatoes-six small lots and eight bags. though some of the tdbers lacked size, the samples were, on the whole, very good, the prize ones not. ably so. There were to be seen a few very fair. sized mangolds, and three or fear entries each of table and "large" pumpkins. As already hinted, more farm produce might reasonably have been expected. There were only two collctioue--Meaers. Klupfcl's and Frederich's-and the winner of Mr. J. 1. ttoldsworth'e cup showed four sorts of maize, whate lanmias wheat, lucerne and oaten hay, two sorts of chaff, pumpkin, preserving (or cattle) melon, potatoes, oa e, rye, panuicun, peas, beans, and sugar-cane. Mr. Froderiel 's cllection was scarcely to large or varied. For "beat five bags of maize" Mr. Raable's was the oly, and a very good, exhibit. There were five bags opened out an "' large yellow," but, ia the opinion of many, only one was true to name, excepting a lot that had apparently be soaked in order to swell the grain. This, of course, was passed over, but the judges de dared that, if it had not been tumpered witih-they did not consider it green corn-it would have stood a good chance of obtaining a prize. Another sack, clsewhere, eaemed also to have been similarly treated. The three lote of "small yellow" were not very prime; and the four of" Sydney red" were only fair. The varieties seem to have become too much mixed, in many cases, and a change in the shape of new and pure seed would he beneficial. There were about twenty lots of maize in cob, which was generally pretty good, though a table is needed in order to properly display it in that condition. Two of the bales of oaten and some of the mixed chaff were creditable samples, but more of it was not prime, and had been badly cut. The one exhibit of leaf tbbaeco was pronounced by judges of the weed to bhe really good. A few stalbs of sougar-ane, flour, field, and garden soeds made rp the list in this section. Atougest " dairy produce and misceilaneous" were two kegs, seven large and six amall lots of butter generally very presentable, though some of the samples were wanting in colour and grain, and one or two had not the rcquisite cleanness of getup. Pig-meat was poorly represented. Mr. W. Newobam was the "Champion" prize-taker, and he could evi dently give many a lesson in preparing hams and bacon, for, however good an article may he for home usr, style and appearanco go tar, either in the uO rkht or in the show-roum. Near the bacon were fine anaplea of nice clean lard, one little cheese, and twvo dishes of eggs. Five exhibits each of red and white wine were sampled by the judges, who con sidered it far before that of last year-indeed, one reonarked that the wordt this year was better than any shown there in 1887, and that the prize red was a good, souud, genuine wine, somewhat approaching claret. There were but two lots of honey and one of beeswax-hardly so well got up as they might have been ; two pots of jam, and one of preserved cuiquats. Some German sausnge, pronounced by a Teutonic epicure to be admirabl', lay on the table in proximity to somie loaves of home-mude bread and dampers. Few of theo were deemed to be up to the standard required by connoisseurs, and one nice looking loaf is understood to have been rejected on the supposition that milk had been used in its manu facture, and it was not, therefore, plain bread. The fruit did not occupy much space, but eome of the oranges were very fine-notably the Canton and scarlet mandarine-as were the pine-apples, and cue of the three dlihes of apples. Pot-plants were not represueted, and cut fluowth were few, Mr. F'reti;rich b'iog the prini:!ial and imoct succeesful exhlbitor. 1Al'. A. H1. BIari. ent, fur exhibitiou only, two beautiful traLrse of geranium, aitd there were two pretty bouqtLe of hite flowere and ferns and a neat little one of violets and fern. The leather (.r. G. F. FMiller's) comprised harness, kip, tweed, bridle, and stained basils. The fancy-work and school exhibits foriced a con eiderable teature in the show, and were, on the whole, most creditable, though a complaint was heard that the school exhibits were not numbered nicely, and that there was alittle difficulty in making out the prize-list. At the head of the table was a non-compotitiro exhibit of fancy-work by Mrs. P. Adams-a splendid exhibit, and the main item of the section. Near it were some pillow.cases and garmenth-a haudsome exhibit-showing a new reochet atitch ; a gipsy table, with miacrame-work; a pretty little dress and cap of crochet wool-work, and a fender ottoman-cover in wool. Cushions were numerous and showy, and animongt them, one in crewel-work-pausitu and rosebuds-by Miss Mead, was much admired. There was also a good show of crochet-work in the shape of quilts and anti maca.sars. At the end of the table was the Kircll helm School work, and some neat samplers and under-clothing. The display was very creditable to the school, and evinced great care and attention on tlir part of both teachers and pupils. the same may be said of the Marburg School exhibite, which were on the platibrim table. The maps and other artistic work (on the right wall) were pronounced to be very good. A nearly-framed map of Queeceland wan awarded a first prze ; the map of Australia (No. 91) was thought too good to lie the product of any Siate school pupil in the district, and there were three maps of France so well finished that the judges expresed an opinion that the makers should each have tone share of the prize. Comingu to the live stock, the julges intimated t.heir disapoiotmient as to the horned, and gave it as :heir opinon that tihe district could have mdec a nuch biLttur showV-in foui, that the public lad not done jusit;ce to til ditrict or the society, and thot lot nmuch induceni:nt was given tj the latter to offer guod pilz.a. Blood stalli:i were repreiented ly Lord Liagar and Soebhroad, and draughts by foung Stamnlird aud Punch. Dr.aught mnarco were nuly lair; draught pairs and waggon horses very ugoo ; saddle hacks medium ; aiprig cart horses p)trty good ; jumplog horses raIher poor ; pcnies isnosly fromi to?n) and yearling bloods pretty good ; and lAdica' hicks fair. Tnore was also a wee pair of rotLiaUg lhriBs. A protcvt was eutered agLinst the w.inning ldy's hack on the ground that the rider won emo: vadev the Oncyr. .attle were not largely represenuted, but there were three or four tolerable milkers. There were four very ordinuary sheep peuued, ai live pigs No award was made for best boar, the ouly repreaen. tative being a very young, but not bad looking, little fellow, apparently a three-quarter bred le.kahire, Much of the strain prevailed in two of tlh oth, r pige, and another was a Poland.China. Ten dogs were chained up to the fence, and they were of creditable quality. One fiue liver coloured retriever was given a pl,!z', hut a prenost was entered agaiont the award, as the owner's name ln ppeared on the cellar. AMr. 11\. D. Doaviu'e black retriever blut aad pup (oon. competitive), shown at Ipswich, last week, was also or \view. T'he poultry was olnmewhbt better thoan the exhibilts of ?at cuar, though room for improvce. ineout was noticeable in several clasee, Mr A. NeMhli re.:o the prine.pal p, z-talak1'. i';'; re` were .,eruu tw.:uty c,:a.l uof twi,:oi.. tIIre or foeur f turk,.ys, twlo ofr g..Oe,, or of dulck, aui eiget of uescovIes, lu~o. of the last enamed being rather yonug. . A. A, . itLctrs, of lgeywich, oe~rbied ir prise phaeton, and obtained another award; Mr. W. Billow showed a couple of ploughs, and near them were to be seen a " Continental" eorn.aheller and a few bricks. THE OPENING. Shortly after noon, Mr. J. B. L. Ieambert formally opened the show, and, while doing so, apologised for the absence of the Hon. J. Donaldson, who had promised to perform that ceremony, if possible, but he had been unable to come up. He expressed regret at that gentleman's absence, and said that Ministers could not make themselveas too well acquainted with the country. Seeing the nufavour able season, he had looked forward to that show with considerable apprehension, but had found better exhibits than be expected, and the fact that such could be produced in a bad season spoke volumes for the district. He noticed a marked im provement in the arrangement of the exhibits, this time, and the quality of many of them. He hoped they they would have a more favourable season next year, and a much better show. Cheers were then given for the Queen and Mr. Isambert, and the doors of the hall were thrown open to the public. THE LUrNCEomN. The official luncheon was prepared by Mr. P. Angel, of Rosewood, and was attended by a fairly numerous company. Mr. J. L. Frederioh (president of the society) occupied the chair, having on his right the member for Rosewood and on his left Mr. and Mrs. A. I. Barlow. After the toasts of "The Queen and Royal Family" and "His Excellency the Governor" had been hononred, Dr. VON LossneBG proposed ' The Parliament of Queenaland," coupled with the names of the mem bers present. He referred to the interest which Mr. Isambert, who had so long represented them, had always taken in the district, and in the agricultural industry generally, and to his efforts to aid the poor man, as shown by his village settlement scheme ; and said that he believed that Mr. Barlow would do alt he could for the district, as he would for his own constituency. Mr. Is?aursa, in responding, thanked the com pany for the hearty way in which they had received the toast, and acknowledged that he had taken, and did take, great interest in the progress of agriond tural and manufacturing industries. He expressed the belief that, though Rosewood was a model die. trict, things would be made better and administra. tion much simplified if it had been settled on some sensible statesmanlike plan asuch as he recommended; and there would not have been so many little local jealousiep. Though his party in the House were in the cold shades of Opposition they would try to keep the other party straight, and to obtain more, if po? sible, for their constituents than they had from their own party. DMr. BARLow also acknowledged the compliment, and he likewise apologised for the absence of Mr. W. Salkeld, M.L.A., explaining that some important public business required that either Mr. Salkeld or himself should go to Brisbane. that day, and, as he had been appointed a judge attheshow,Mr. Salkeld remained to attend to the other matter. He re gretted that they had not been favoured with the presence of one or more of the Ministry, that day, and said he thought that only important business had kept them away. He assured his hearers that no difference of opinion on his part would prevent him extending a cordial welcome to the Ministers when they visited Ipswich or West Moreton officially, and, if they let him know when they were coming even unofficially, he would be ready to meet them with a good bagful of grievances. He joined with Mr. Isambert in promising to look after the best interests of the colony, and to ant on the prinoiple of doing the greatest good to the greatest number. He had recently been up North-not for a pleasure trip, but to make himself acquainted with that great country, in the government of which he had a small share. He thought that every member of arlie. meet should be- compelled to go and see that part of the colony, which was the natural market for anluo of the produce of West Moreton. Legislation and a careful revision of the tariff would do much for ties farming interest, but it must also help itself as well as be helped. They should seek to preserve'the Northern market for themselves, and prevent its being out off by Separation and hostiletariffs.i He had no fear that such would ocner under the praseot Government, for the able etateman at its head would see that it would be impossible to touch the Separa tion question ; but on the expiration of their term of office the Separation ghost would again be raised to do duty again. Those who had not seen the North had little idea of the vast country it was, and what a "new world" there was north of Rockhampton. Mr. Barlow concluded by proposing " Scoess to the District and the Society." The PiErEIDErT responded, and made some very sensihle remarks regarding the desirableness of agricultorists adopting measures to bombat, so to speak, unfavourable seasons, and restore the fertility of the soil by making some returm for the virtue removed in the shape of the produce they sold. He expressed a hope that the Government would do something in the way of boring foA water, which, he thought, could be found if they only went deep enough. They desired railway communication very much, but a good water supply was even more im portant. If the members of the asciation forbore the cultivation of little jealousies and bickeringS, and worked for the common good, as he thought they would, its prosperity should be easured. The exhibits might have been much better, that day, if they had a better season; but he hoped :that there would be an improved show for them to see next year. The toast of "The Judges" was proposed by Mr. F. A. MvnLe, and responded to by Messrs. JAsuMA HaDocRATE, and LeeWS. The first.named said that it was his first visit to Marburg, which he did not expect to find so important a place. He hoped to be able to come that way again, and, if his servioes were of use to the society, he would be happy to place them at its disposal. This concluded the proceedings, and the company again sought the show.grounds and the hball. The following is the list of stewards and judges, as supplied by the courteous seoretary, Mr. C. J. Hunt, who, wemar remark,performedhisarduooesdtis very satisfactorily, and the offiolals generally showed the. greatest courtesy, and gave all the .ssi?tanoe possible to our representative :-Vegetables : Stewards-P. Klupfel and C. G. E. Wiese : Judgesa W. Lewis, J. Ball, and W. McDowall. Farm Pro. duce : Stewards-H. Littmann and W. Hohnke; Judges-W. McDowall and S. Hardgrave. Dairy Produce : Stewards-W. Ranbe and H. Clem; Judges-J. Lane, J. B. L. Isambert, W. Lambert. Agricultural Implements : Steward-A. Vogel Judge-R. E Jarman. Horses : Stewards-H. Schröder and H. Stegemann ; Judges-S. Watson, S. Hardgrave, and J. McGill. Cattle : Steward-W. Sprenger; Judge-S. Watson. Poultry : Stewards -J. Verrenkamp and H. Althaus; Judge--Jas. Johnston. Fine Arts : Stewards-W. H. Aldham and Mrs. Hunt; Judges-C. Twemlow, Mrs. Barlow, and Mrs. Swan. State Schools : Stewards-A. S. Spencer and J. D. Ridley; Judges-G. W. Swan and A. H. Barlow. 