GEZA POLINSKI. A Russo-Jewish Romance, Chapter VI. *' T LIKE not this Rabbi's talking," muttered Count Soltikoff to himself, JL 'when the spy had departed. " May be Aaron confided the secret to him before he left home. These Jews, they say, cannot only foretell the future, but can read their own fate. I should advise this Rabbi not to meddle overmuch in my affairs, or it will be the worse for him." " How feverish I am, and what a racking headache I have," he con tinued, with a yawn. " I will have a ride," He ordered a horso to be ready at once. When mounted he directed his way into the country. "I will have a canter in the wood ; the smell of the pines will refresh mo." On reaching tbo wood he gave the horso his head, letting him gallop along whither he would. Tho odour of the pines and the fresh balmy air Boomed to revive him. Suddenly his horse shied and nearly throw his rider. With a curse Nicholas dug his spurs into its Bides, but it refused to advanco. The count looked up. Ho was now at the beech-troo—the "Jew's Beech," as it was now called. As his eyes encountered it he involuntarily shuddered, whilst he wiped away the cold sweat which covered his face. " The very Bpot," he groaned. Once again he set Bpurs to his horse, but the animal was as if trans fixed. Presently the count caught sight of the signs which the Rabbi had carved on the tree's bark. " What rubbish is that?" ho thought. Despite its meaninglessness to him—for he could not read Hebrew—he was strangely attracted by it. The signs fascinated him whilst they per plexed him. What could it mean ? He could not guess. • At that moment a couple of woodmen came by, humming a tune. They saluted the count, who recovered himBelf with a start. " Why don't you cut down this tree ?" he asked the men. "It is not ours to cut down," they answered. " What, does it not belong to Baron Seeka, your master?" " It did, good sir, but the Rabbi lias bought it," " Bought it—for what purpose ?" asked the count, with astonishment, " We do not know, good sir, but they do say that since the old Jew was murdered here the tree is haunted," and they crossed themselves. " Haunted ? Bali! But what means the scrawl on the trunk of the tree ?" "It is Baid that the spirit of the Jew haunts the tree, and that the Rabbi put those signs to lay the spirit." " And you believe that ?" The men hesitated, then crossed themselves more vigorously than ever. " We know not what to make of it, good sir. True it is that spirits do play in these woods and lead honest folks astray." " You havo not told the illustrious gentleman the strange noise |we heard coming from the tree, Andrew," said one of the men, shyly. " Strange noiBo ! What mean you ?" " A noise as if some one were moaning in pain." "Itwas but the wind. You peasants are a superstitious lot of old women," said the captain, laughing contemptuously at them. " Nay, nay 1" replied the men, shaking their heads sagely, " that is not all—there are some folks who say they have seen the old Jew himself." "He comes in the same old coat, only ho is very pale and bloody, and he rustles a piece of paper in—" The Count did not stop to hear any more, but, with an oath, lashed on his horse, and loft the startled peasants gazing after him in wonderment. Fast and furious he rode, neither looking to the right nor totho loft. A superstitious fear had seized hold of him. Ho remembered all the old legends and ghost stories that had been drilled into him in his nursery days. A Russian nurse is full of ghost stories. All his old belief in such things suddenly returned strong within him. He fanoied he could see the face of tho Jew, white and hateful, staring at him in the gathering gloom. Tho rustling of tho leaves as the wind swept through them were as so many spirits sighing. To the clatter of his horse's hoofs ho almost fanoied he could hear an accompanying sound. What could it mean ? Once ho drew up, tho sound ceased at once, but no sooner did ho go on than he again heard the weird thud, ub if ho were being followed by a phantom liorse. Was he haunted by the wood-spirit in which almost every Russian fully believes? Would ha never bo able to escape it? These were tho thoughts that coursed wildly through his mind as ho flew onward in his mad carcor. And that writing, what could it moan? It had strangoly fascinated him. Tho weird signs seemed graven in his sight. He could still soe them mixing together in chaotic muddle, now clear, now misty, but ever there. What did they portend? lie again and again asked himself, but it was a mystery ho could not solvo. When ho drew rein at his door his horse was Worn out, and his own headache had not improved. Coming slowly along at that moment was tho old Rabbi. Their eyes met. Again tho Rabbi looked him through and through. For a moment the count flinched under that steadfast gazo.Jbut with an effort he obtained command over himself; and with an air of apparent unconcern, ho passed into tho house. In tho preliminary examination before the judge d'instruction no fresh facts had been elicited, but the proofs already in the hands of tho police were quite sufficient to hang any unbefriended man in Russia. It was, theroforo, only a question of a few weeks longer ore tho young Jew would make his exit by tho hangman's rope. It was whispered that the police had a motive in dolaying the trial, and that they were seeking to fix some other charge upon tho prisoner. Rachol had grown less virulent in her hatred toward Gcza, though in her heart slio was convinced that he was the murderer of her husband, but after tho incident in connection with tho writing on tho tree sho agreed to abide ovonts. Mira was, strange to say, _ calmly patient. She was convinced of her lover's innocence, and in her simplicity expected every day to set him free. From him she had not heard a word since his arrest. Ho was not allowed to write, and it would havo been unbecoming of her to hold communication —even if it were possiblo—with 0110 who was looked upon as the murderer of her father. So she waited and hoped, faith being strong within her. The Rabbi shared her opinion of Genu's innocence. He was a far-seeiug, shrewd man, and looked beyond mere ciroum Hantial evidence, although he was forced to admit that the evidence as it stood was black against the young man. The members of the Jewish community generally were not in favour of Gozi. He was scarely one of them, and as he had not found favour in Aaron's eyes, he did not find favour in theirs. They were undoubtedly prejudiced against him. There were, however, those in the village who, whilst unable to Sx the guilt upon any particular person, mgely shook their heads, saying that Geza might have done the deed, hut they doubted it. There had been time for the hot blood of the young Jew to cool, between his parting with Aaron and the letter's murder, and what man, no matter how revengeful, would murdor the father of his sweetheart in cold blood ? To their minds some other persou had done the deed, either in feelings from revenge or for purposes of robbery. There were many needy and desperate people in and about Warsaw, who would not be over-particular about shedding blood, especially the blood of a Jew, if their cupidity or wrath were over-exerted. The subject formed the topic of conversation in every Jewish village round about the Polish capital; but in Warsaw itself it attracted very little attention. A Jew had been murdered, but what of that? The murdering of a Jew was no novelty in Russia; the only difference was that the murderer was this time not a Russian. He was himself a Jew, and in due course would pay the penalty of the law. " My people who dwell in the village of Kudzisk ; have you not heard of the threatened rising on the part of the Christians against them ? ' "Bah 1 threatened men live long, and Jews are no exception to the rule," and, so saying, the count shrugged his shoulders. " Depend upon it," ho continued " the threats are but idle." "Nay, good sir, they are not idle, for only yesterday evening Jacob Jacobsohn was struck down almost dead at his very door and robbed— robbed, bark ye, of all that was found upon him," and the Rabbi's eyes kindled in anger, "lias not this thiog como to yonr knowledge?" ho continued, "or are not such deeds of the Christians roported unto you ? For, know ye, his assailants were Christians." "Yes, a report has been made to ino, but I am, at the same time, told that this man Jacob Jacobsohn was a money-lender, and that the persons who attacked him had often been cruelly robbed by bim. If this bo true,' it would appear that the Christians, whom it is your pleasure to abuse, but got back their own." "Got back their own!" echoed the Rabbi; " but is this tho way in a Christinn country to proceed, and is not a money-lender, Jew though lie be, to be protected against such attacks?" and the old Jew's eyos flashed fire. "Certainly, but this man, it is said, is a usurer of tho worst kind, and for a long time past he has oppressed the needy and confiding, who" un happily have fallen within his clutches ; and you, Rabbi, cannot but be aware that members of your tribe are not generally the easicstof creditois," and he smiled significantly. . . Tho Rabbi's eyes met his at this point, but they were still smiling, and told nothing. , ''But what of this, Rabbi?" ho went on to say. "Tho matter has already been reported to headquarters, and Jacobsohn's assailants will doubtless be dealt with according to law." "According to law 1" and the Rabbi laughed grimly as ho repeated tho word. "Why, the very men who committed the deed aro now drinking deep and heavy with tho fruits of thoir robbery, whilst their friends look onin approval. Is this tho law?" v "I am not its administrator," and the count waved his hand im patiently. . . ■■ ■■■ ■■■■■. V" • ' " Tho law," went on the old man ; "what care theBe Christians/when a1 Jew is concerned, how thoy break it?". (To be continued, f ' ' 