? INDIAN folk-lore cherishes many strange traditions about the tiger. Some of these are collected in a paper read lately before the Bombay Natural History Society. Natives believe, .amongst other .things that the ghost of a man killed by a tiger rides on the beast's head to warn him of danger, and to point the way to fresh victims. Eating;tigers' flesh gives one courage; but unless the whiskers are first singed off the tigfcr's spirit will haunt you, and what is worse, you run the risk of being turned into a tiger in the next world. God allows a tiger one rupee a day for his food, so that if a tiger kills a bullock worth five rupees he will not kill again for five days. To this may be added a true tale of e. tiger. An unfortunate villager was killed by one. The police held an inquiry into the matter, and submitted the following artless report:—" Pandu died of tlie tiger eating him; there was no other cause of death. Nothing was left of Pandu save some fingers, which probably belonged either to the right or left hand." THB London correspondent of the Manchester Guardian writes—" It is rumoured that Mr. Christopher Sjkes, M.P., has been received into the Roman Church, bat the rnmonr is not credited among his intimate friends. His brother, Sir Tatton 8 y fees, has for years past been contemplating the step, but, has never actually taken it, though he is Always supposed to have promised the necessary funds for the erection of a Roman Cathedral in London. Lady Sykes. who is daughter of Mr. Cavendish Beritinok, M.P., was received some years ago, and she carried the son and heir with her." THB Dublin correspondent of the Catholic Times states that tbe rumour that Archbishop Wnleb is to reoeive a Ordinal's hat in September next; year is gamin? some currency ia eoclppiast.ical circles in Dablin. Sis BEAUMONT DIXIE, whose reception into tbe Cburch was announced recently, is the eleventh baronet of bis line, and was born in 1851. He was married at the age of twenty-four to Lady Florence Douglas, sister {to theMarquis of Qaeensberry, to the Rev. Lord Archibald Douglas, and to Lady Gertrude Stock. He was the High Sheriff of Leicestershire in 1876, his seat in the county befog Beaumont Park ; and he is the patron of four livings, to whiih fie cati now no longer present. His son and heir is a boy of twelve. 