AN INTEREST IN8TUD1'.— TELEPATHY.* It is an old allegory likening the mind of man to a walled city, with its eye gate, ear gate, and other inlets of sense; but in :he la&t; great Biege the invested inhabitants looked upwards to tho open sky and sent and received messages by balloon and pigeon posts. Would it bestretching the allegory too far to suggest that the mind ot mao can receive messages in a superseneory way 1 Tbat there is, in fact, a " telepathic" post open when the sc-rists are closed ? To furnish evidence of this possibility the authors of the work under notice have colkcted in all nearly 1,000 cases of communication from one person to another under circumstances excluding the action of the ordinary senses. They have broadly divided the subject into two parts—" Experimental Telepaphy" and "Unconscious Telepathy"—the first being the one most readily brought under scientific treatment. Here the agent purposely endeavours to convey a mental impression. The percipient lays himself open to receive such impression. Contact during the reproduction of the mental impression is avoided, the ordinary exhibitions of thought-reading" being put aside by the authors as "muscle-reading." Under the influence of this conscious telepathy, words, names, numbers, cards, diagrams, tastes, odourB, pains have been us.si.ed, reproduced, or indicated with a general correctness far exceeding mere chance. Experiments in this branch of telepathy can readily be made, the only two requisites being extreme care that all sense avenues are ; stopped and perfect honesty in recording results, failures as well aB Buccesses. . Upon the basis established by experimental telepathy the authors proceed to build up the second part of their subject, "Unconscious Telepathy." Here impressions are received in dreams, in the waking state, and in the border- land between sleeping and waking, the agents (or persons about whom the impression is received) being usually in some crieis, distress of mind, severe illness, or most It w l!!, be at once seen that nere our old \ friends the "ghost stories find . place, but in lieu of ''apparitions of the dead" the authors seek sn explana- i tion in "phantasms of the livingf" It " . " , vf J: ° " must not, however, be supposed that the j cases brought forward are a mere un- I critical compilation of the old stories to be found in works devoted to these pleasing horrors; on the contrary, the cases upon which the authors rely are authenticated by full nameB and addresses, are recent, are supported by collateral testimony and documentary evidence, and tested (as to dates) by public registers. St'ch only are admitted as first-class. (Some of the cases are supplied by wellknown Sonth Australians ) In most cases, too, the authors are able to establish that the percipients were not subject to similar impressions, the one circumstance standing out as a uuique event in their lives. Sometimes the " impression" is so vivid as to give rise to "hallucination," the percipient seeing his friend's form or hearing his voice, but for details the work itself must be referred ! to, as it is the accumulation of evidence ! that gives its strength. Any one case 1 may be explained away by chance coincidence, but scarcely many hundreds. If the person in peril exhibits extreme anxiety as to how his death will affect his relative or friend (dying, perhaps, with his name upon his lips) it may not be surprising that the distant percipient should be affected; the case is not much unlike " experimental" telepathy. But when a man's head is unexpectedly cut off, or he f . , , , j , ' V u suddenly rendered insensiDle by a blow, it is hard to see what opportunity he has to send a telepathic message 1 Again, the percipients are sometimes strangers. Why should the agent trouble himself about them, or why should his influence effect them when no previous bond of connection had been established ? Then there are the "collective" cases, where Beveral percipients are affected at once. Is the message addressed to each, oris only one affected, and he in turn affects those near bim ? Another point not touched upon by the i !j: j 'Ij: j authors is, what is the medium by which telepathic influences are conveyed ? A distant sound sets the air in motion and by its mediation the ear is affected. For the conveyance of light and electricity a hypothetical aether has had to be invented ; are we to burthen it still further with telepathic work. But whatever may be the difficulties of the subject, our thanks are certainly due to the joint authors for a very carefully collected mass of evidence for some very interesting introductory matter, and for at all events a frood good worKing TCorfeinonypotnesis. livnnthpRii W« We SUDJOin suhinin t ne case (JSo. 1/, p. 18s, vol. 1) as an example. " The parties concerned are -fif_ at(.v„_ Mr. Arthur oevern, tne distinguished landscape-painter, and his wife, and the letter is dated October 2", 1SB3, and the occurrence took place about three years before. "1 woke up with a start, feeling I had had a hard blow on my mouth, and with a distinct sense that I had been cut and was bleeding under my upper Hp, and seized my pocket-handkerchief and held it, in a little pushed lump, to the part, as j I sat . up in - bed, and after - ' a few seconds " when I removed it I was astonished not to see any blood, and only then realized it was impossible anything could have struck me there as 1 lay fast asleep in bed, and so I thought it was only a dream ! but I looked at my watch, and it was 7, and finding Arthur (my husband) was not in the room I concluded (rightly) that he must have gone out on the lake for an early sail, as it was so fine. '' I then fell asleep. At breakfast (hdlfpaBt 9) Arthur came in rather late, and I noticed he rather purposely sat further away from me than usual, and every now and then put his pockethandkerchief furtively np to his lip in the very way I had done. I said, 'Arthur, why are you doing that?' and added, a little anxiously, ' I know you have hurt yourself,but J will tell you why afterwards.' He said, 'Well, when I was sailing, a sudden squall came, throwing the tiller suddenly round, and it struck me a bad blow in the mouth under the upper lip, and it has been bleeding a good deal and won't stop.' I then said, 'Have you any idea what o'clock it was when it happened 1' and he answered, 'It must have been about 7.' I then told what had happened to me, much to his surprise, and all who were with us at breakfast." Then, as usual, further enquiries were made, and Mrs. Severn states that she even " looked under her lip to see if there was any mark," and Mr. Severn, under date of November 15, writes a letter detailing the circumstances from his point of view, and mentions the care he took to hide the matter from his wife. 4 "Phantasmsof the Living," by Gurney, Mjere, & Podmore. 2 vols,, 1,417 pages, 