plavina thh qhost at st. kilda Near tho Balaclava railway station, la Carlisle street, Sb Kihlo, is situate a row of euiail woodon shops, which have boon of late the acono of considerable excitement amongst peoplo who revel iu stories about glinsti. Ono of thoso shops— tlio western wing of lho row- Is oocupled by a Mrs Bvto«, who eonduots a millinery business therein, and since hor advent there— about two months sinoc — sho has been subjected to muoh annoyance by tno vagaries of a mischievous ullur, who appears to liav liitlo else to do but to lay wait autl listen to tho conversation of tho ladies engaged ami having business in tho shop. In tho roof of tho establishment there is u small trap door through which tho voice of his ghostsliip is hoard ovory day repeating snatches 0! conversation whioh lma passed botwt'on the inmate cither during tho same day or on some previous occasion. Tho noxb flhop to Mr Bates's in tenanted by n Mrs llurdy, who carries on a confectionery busi ness, ami adjacent to Mr Hardy's fa William son's tailoring eatablishmont. Tlio agenb for all throe premises livo tn the houso adjoining Williamson's shop. It appears tliat each of tho throe first mentioned premises is covered by ths same roof without any partition botwlxb tho ceiling and the roofing ; ami with thfa ad vantage for a .mischievous hoax, some meAii loafer had mado lb a practice ovcry day for the lust bix or uighb weeks to coinmoiit upon tho observations of tho Indie® 111 tlio shop and workroom Nor does he confino his remarks to sunplo jokes, but ho has re- jH'atedly insulted and sworn at tho female whonovcr nn answer has been ventured. Both consulted in tho matter, aud ovory endoavor made to suppress tho nuisance, bub without clfact. nnd so groat has the uxcitmnnnt became iu tho neighborhood that tho police havo kept away from the plnco with a view of allaying alarm. On one occasion, whilst the officers woro conducting researches in tho place, tho crowd outside was so great ns to completely blook the street traffic. Tho ageut ha® Also made ovory endeavor to aolvo tho mystery, and . has warned the occupant of ono of tho shojis, who is suspected of knowing something nboub tho matter, that with tho slightest cvidonco of his complicity in tlio af fair he will have him turned out immediately, Perhaps tho culprit is not aware of tlio liability he is exposed to, otherwise ha would refrain from such mischievous pastimes. 