CHRISTMAS CAROLS. [By De Libra.J inon came the meiTy masquers in Antl carols roared with blithosomo din. —Marmion. Ouoe more Old Father Christmas comes among us ; and nono the less welcome is ha that lio visits the Sunny South, not with frosted hoard and snow-flaked furry robe, crowned with the "Iiieaitig-buah" and scarlet berried holly, and bearing in his hand tho wassiil-bowl and flaming snap-dragon, but bared to tho waist, in gossamer pantaloons and filmy puggaree—the emissary of Pomona, decked with Flora's lavish gifts, and tendering the humble shandy,-gaff or the more j "recherche" iced champagne. But come lis ho;? or where he will; he brings an endless train of memories and strange' records, and softening even'the most callous'heart; attuhei it; for the time at least, to "tidings of great joy." ' ' ■ '' With Uhristmas conies t]ie Christmas Carols —qbiiint, quondam, miscellaneous mixtures of revelry and religion, possessing an original aroma all their own, on which a'few" words may bo interesting at the present season to my readers, both old and young. The history of carols is somewhat indefinite and va.gue, but they seem to have had their origin in France or Burgundy, whore they wero : sung in very far-off times. There they obtained tho appellation of "Noels" Noel being ; to this day the French equivalent for Christmas. One of the earliest examples on record : is the famous "Prose do L'ano," which ?~ ■' annually sung at Sens and Bw.uv.iis on tho • Feast of the Circumcision, hp narly as the 12th century. This performance co^tituted all important part of a favorite ceremonial ' ■' connected with a popular feniiral called "La Feto deL'ario" (the "Feast of the A?.-," or the. ."Ass's Holiday"), in which a '"patient moke," richly caparisoned, and bearing on its back a winsome young maiden—the good old priests always managed to got hoi 3 of the pretty girls !—with a child in her anna, was led through the city in commemoration o! the Flight into Egypt, and finally brought back in solemn procession to the cathedral. In the 10th and 17th centuries these early forms of the "Noel" were succeeded by carols treated'in what is called the "polyphonic" style—that is, harmonised in parts in somewhat the Bamo way as a modern chorus—the credit of having first so treated them being ascribed to Francois Eustache du Caurroy, the Maitre de Chapello: to the French Kings, Charles IX., Henri III., and Henri IV. Some of the French carols of this period possess great merit, and as a whole have not been surpassed by those of any other country. The history of English carols has yet to be exhaustively treated, for this peculiar form of music.dbserves more attention than it has yet receivod. In no part of the world is Yule-tide welcomed, even to this day, with greater rejoicings than in England, and the appearanco of the great London railway 'termini' on Christmas Eve is a sight to strike any but the undemonstrative and hardened Londoner dumb-founded with amazement, As a natural consequence, Christmas carols obtained' a very firm hold in England, though (it must be admitted) less upon fcho taste than upon the affections of the peoplo, We have no English "Noels" like those of Eustaclie dn Caurroy, but numerous quaint verses and old molodies have been perpotuatod, for tho most part by tradition alone and without any adornments whatever; and a strange and curious medley undoubtedly they form. To understand the spirit of the English Christmas Carols rightly, wo must remember, in this hemisphere, that in tho old and northern world Christinas occurs at the commencement of the coldest part of whiter, and during tho very shortest days, when thore is sometimes barely six hours of daylight in Old England, just as in tho height of summer fcho days extend from 3 o'clock in tho morning till 9 o'clock at night. We must picture to ■'"'-"l"--" -Wo leallcas trees, then- brandies etched with wr.tov'is .n'iro:--.ns , gums and More ton Bay figs—thn window- ' • pmos fmifoisticaHy decorated by tha facila fiiiyors of Jack Frost, tho atieams and rivers ico.-bound, and the country all round thickcovered with the fioft ;utd :iilent snow. Poverty is helpless, and food and firing aro necessary-for the preservation of bare life j and then the fine old hospitality for which the mother country his ever boon so noted is witnessed at its best. "Twas merry in the hall ivhen tho beards wngg'd all." So runs one of the good old Cavaliers songs ; and at "Iol" the mansions of the great in "Merrie England" were open (as they often are to fhis day) to high and low, with jovial merriment and hearty welcome. "Tho heir, with i'obos in his shoes, That night might village partner choose; Tile lord, undelegating, share The vulgar gf.me of Post and Pair." Tho tables groaned with mountains of good victuals ; and while tho elders caroused with sack and can >ry and strong spiced alo, or passed tho festivo wassail-bowl, all manner of dancing, junketing, playing and romping, and ] leutiful kissing under the mysterious mistletoe, were indulged in by the younger folks. But while "Merry Christmas" was preeminently tho sea3ou for merriment and rough rejoicing, it was also the greatest (or 'it all events tho next areatest to Easter) of all the Feasts the Church (both Catholic and Anglican) preserves a remarkablo hold over tho social life of people. Hence, we find in tho old carols a peculiar naive, simple blending of religion and joviality, of charity and revelry, of kindness, bouovolence, and hospitality, which were far more a pleasure than a duty. Thus, whether wo hear them devoutly in a place of worship, or listen drowsily to the singing by tho "waits" in the still, cold night, or make merry with them ns we draw our chairs still closer around the crackling sparks and glowing embers of the Yule log which ill tho warm and curtained room defies to mortal combat the snow and frost without, wo fool that thore is a sometiling about those carols peculiar to England, to the English Christmas, tho English climate and English traditions which it is difficult to render comprehensible—impossible to make felt—under these bright and sunny skies whero Christmas comes at Midsumnior, and all our thoughts of holidays are on the mountains or the sea. Tho English enrols may bo divided into tines classes—Ecclesiastical Curols, Popular Religious Carols, nnd Festive Carols,., Of the first elns.i scarcely a finer example can be adduced than the colebrated "Adesto Fideles" sufficiently well known in English as "Approach, all ye faithful." Simplo, bioad, and beautifully melodious, few congregational hymns pi'oduco a more thrilling effect than this, whan sung by a congregation sufficiently cultivated to hold their pcaco during the two bars of treble solo and duet. The next class—the Popular Religious Carols—are a more oxiensivo category, and many of them are translations from kho Mediieval Latin— Latin at which tho ghost of Virgil might stand ughast, but \vhich has nevertheless a cortain bnrhiric ring and pleasant cadence of its' own that can scarcely bo unploasing to any but tho uncompromising stickler for the Classics. Such an one is "Christo Paremus Canticum," of which I subjoin tho first two English verses :— When Christ was born of Mary free, In Bothlem, in that fair citie, Angels sang there with mirth nnd glee, "In Excolsis Gloria I" Hordsmon boheld those 'jngels bright, To them appearing with groat light, Who said, God's Son is born this night, "In Excekis Gloria I" Still quainter is "Tho Legend of St. Joseph and the Angel," the first verse of which runs thus:— As J oseph was n-walking, He heard an angel sing ; His song was of tho coming Of Christ, our Saviour King. The good man, long dejuctod. Had knelt to him who hoars. Tho blest rafrain now swol ing RoraorM hi* doubts and fours. Tiiij follows the message of the Angel in two vera, and the envoi concludes as follows ' i?hen be ye glad, good people, I This night of all the year ; i ... And light ye up your candleB, i ■ ( His Star it shineth near. ' lAnd all in earth and heaven j t Our Ohristmn» Carol sing, Goodwill and Peace and Glory And all the b«Us shall ring 1 Be surroundings of tho Nativity and the 1 bea|ty of the eomi-dirine maternal love of , Vir,in for the infant saviour woro naturally ' proainent thomes with the simple-minded .'aufcjors of those quaint old carols ; and one thee is, a "Cradle Song of the Blessed "Viijin," that seems to me particularly , touihing in its rippling, childishly ecstatie tenlerness- a tenderness that recalls to tho . mild of musical folks some of the passages of me'ting pathos that occur in rugged Johann Sebastian Bach's (St. Matthew's) " Passion !" This it runs entire - ' ! A Okadle Sono of the Blissbd Yirqik. j The Yirgin stills the crying j i Of JesuB sleepless lying ; , j ! And singing for His pleasure, ' i My Darling, do not weep j -i- v; . My-Jesu, sleep ! l" O Lamb, my love inviting. \ «■ O Star, my soul delighting, I O Flower of mine own bearing, • . i O Jowel past comparing I i My Darling, etc. A* Sly Joy, my Exultation, My Spirit's Consolation ; , , _ My Sou, my Spouse, rnv Brother, Ja* JD liataii to Thy Mother. ) My Darling, t;tc. ■ V!" Sav, would'ot tlion heavenly; sweetness, Or love of answering rncutness? I Or,is it' lit'music wanting ? | IJo! Angola. raise yoin- jhanting I My Darling, etc." . 3ut perhaps tho most famous of all this class «f carols is " God, Rest you, Merry Gentlenen," which, however, is too long to publish. This fine old melody possesses the bestqualiicatims of a sterling hymn tune, but its timple, noblo beauty can only be fully ap predated when heard in polyphonic harmony with the melody assigned to the tenor voice according to the invariable tradition of the 17th century. j ======== 