VICTORIAN MEMS. A very large number of visitors are reported to be flocking to the Melbourne Exhibition. The present is the coldest winter that bas occurred in Tasmania for the past seven years. Admiral Fairfax has intimated that the fleet cannot remain in Hobson's Bay after August 8. The leading railway contractors of Victoria have resolved that the standard rate of pay for navvies shall be 7s. per day. It is believed that a good team can be got together in New Zealand to take part in the Intercolonial R fle Firing Match in Victoria. The Minister for Lands fears that if tbe stock tax were increased Sir Henry Parkes would seize the opportunity to declare in favor of a protective policy. Dr. Bromby, speaking of the figurative nature of scriptural. language, said, " No man would suppose that all the deceased L<z«uses are lying in one vast heap on Abraham's bosom." The Government is maturing a scheme which provides for the employment of experts who will impart instruction in agricultural suVjects in connection with the proposed system of technical education. In reference to the charge of bribery made against the Victorian Legislative Assembly, Rear- Admiral Field explained in the House ot Commons that bis statement referred to a period prior to the year 1882. Daring this month passengers from the country will be able to travel to and from Melbourne at excursion fares, and special excursion trains will afterwards be run during the Exhibition at stated periods. Mr. Munro, M.L.A., attributes the prosperous state of Victorian finances to the protectionist policy of the Government, but he disagrees with the manner in which Mr. Gillies proposes to dispose of the money. The Premier is dissatisfied with the manner in which several Government members as well as those of the Opposition have spoken in the Budget diBcussion, and has threatened to accept their challenges as a vote of want of confidence. Another rich quartz find is reported from Saltpetre. There has been a small rush to Wombat Creek, a tributary of the Mitta River, where heavy deposits of galena and sole silver bave been found. Several leases have been applied for. James Nation was ploughing at Mount Arapiles, when the plough turned up a whipsnake, srhich bit him in the leg. Though two punctures were plainly visible, he only suffered slight drowsiness. It is considered remarkable that a dormant snake should bite so fiercely. According to a local paper, military enthusiasm at Ballarat appears to be confined to men of small stature. A very large proportion of applicants who have presented themselves to fill vacancies in the " black watch" have been rejected, on the ground that they are not big enough. Tbe Cabinet has decided to re-enact for another twelve months the Local Government Statute ot 1886, relating to municipal overdrafts, etc., the action being taken at tbe request ot a number of municipalities who were unable to pay off their liabilities within the time prescribed by the measure. The Premier states that the Australian Governments will represent to the Imperial authorities the absolute necessity of employing three vessels on the work of surveying for the Pacific cable. Mr. Gillies has consulted members of the Ministries of other colonies, and he finds there is a general desire to push on the survey. Mr. Rudolph P. Castella, only son of Mr. Paul de Castella, of Yarra Flats, was found dead on Saturday afternoon near Dixon's Creek. It is supposed he was seized with a fit, and fell from his horse into some water and was drowned. Deceased, who was unmarried, was twenty-nine years of age, and a justice of the peace. An important commission has been appointed during the recess, which is now inveS' tigtting the vital question of public health It is hoped the opportunity will offer for some legislation during the session. But a definite promise was given of a Bill for amending the Patent Act and making the procedure under it more effective, and for improving the law relating to trade murks. Mr. Patrick Thornton, J.P., of Spreydo 1 , Billan, a well-known and much respec ed resident of the district, died suddenly on 26.h ult., of syncope. He had been complaining slightly for some days, but was engaged in hi* usual duties up to within half an hour of hit death. The sad and unexpeced eyent caused deep regret throughout the district, and much sympathy is felt with his widow and young family. The question of the replanting of vines in the Geelong district bas been dealt with in a short bill of one clause introduced into the Legislative Assembly and read a first time. It i«-provided in that bill that the term of four years from 1880, during which, under the Phylloxera Vine Diseases Act, vines could not be replanted, should be extended to 10 years, so that new vines cannot be put into tbe giouncTbefore 1890. The Ballarat Roman Catholics are indefatl gable in their efforts to push the interests of their church in that district. Dr. Moore is abont to establish a Roman Catholic College there, and five clergymen of the order ot the Holy Ghost are expected to arrive in October, and will act as professors at the college. A number of nuns of the Little Sister of Naziretb, and six secular priests are also engaged for the same district. The proposed military college, mentioned by the Premier in his Budget speech, will be managed by a council, consisting of the Minister of Defence (the president), the Minister ol Public Instruction, the Chancellor or vicechancellor of the University, the commissioned officer in chief command of tbe military forces, and three persons to be appointed from lime to time by the Governor-in-Council. The Governor will be the visitor. The Chiltern Fire Brigade held their annual meeting last week. Special invitations had been sent tc Sandhurst, Ballarat, Creswick, &c.;, and the delegates and officers of tbe A.M.A. Captain Sexton was in the chair, and on the table were the handsome trophies won by the brigade. Au enjoyable evening was spent, and the proceedings were terminated by the local brass band performing the National Anthem and " Auld LaDg Syne." A communication has been received by the postal authorities from the Agent-General in reference te the suggested alteration of the daj of departure of the mail steamers from Adelaide. The P. and O. Company find that any alteration would interfere with their other services, and therefore it is inconvenient for them to make the change. They desire to adhere to the present day of departure. Sir Graham Berry has entered a protest against this decision. The Liberal Country Party, of which Mr. J. Rees is chairman, and Mr. G. W. Hall secretary, is rather favorably inclined towards the Budget proposals of the Government. The Party musters about 20 members, most of whom sit behind the Ministry and their attitude is a matter of considerable importance to the Ministry. The members of the Party admit that they have obtained the remission of certain duties which they asked for, but not the increases desired. Last week there died in Numurkah, at the age of 83, a very old colonist, named Wm. May. Deceased in January, 1839, conveyed the first mail from Melbourne to places on the way to Sydney. He was at the time working for Rutledge, the Government mail contractor. A few years later May got the same contract which he held for many years. He afterwards conveyed the mails from Kilmore to M'lvor and on to Moama. He went to Longwood in 1860, where he resided till about six months ago. Messrs. Chaffey Brothers have invited competitive designs for the Chaffey College o< Agriculture, Mildura. They offer a prize of £100 for the accepted design. Designs are to be sent in not later than October 1 of the present year. The college will be built of brick, at a cost of £20,000, and will be commenced immediately the designs are approved. Tbe designs are to be sent in under a nom de plume. Inlormation can be obtained at tbe office of Caaffey Bros., Limited, 78, Collins-street west, Melbourne. Among the wills proved in the Supreme Court last week were those of Mr. Thomas Anthony, late of East Melbourne, timber merchant—real estate £17,000, personal estate £73,000 ; Mr. F. P. Stevens, of Warrnamhool —real estate £36,600, personal estate £22,592; Mr. A. T. Clark, formerly M.L.A. ior WiUiamstown—£11,379 realty, and £32,660 personalty. Mr. Clark died on board tbe steamer Oceana on the 19ih May last, while on a voyage to England. Ia connection with the conference of Judges in Melbourne tn-day, the Judges of the Supreme Court of Queensland were communicated with some lime ago, but after some correspondence had passed, it was decided that the questions to be discussed did not apply so intimately to legal matters in Queensland that it was necessary tbat colon; should be represented. Had it been otherwise, it is doubtful whether, in view of Mr. Justice Mein's illness, either the Cbief Justice or Mr. Justice Harding could have lound time to visit Melbourne. Mr. E. Thompson, of Ballarat, has patented a new cam for use in quartz-crushing batteries in lifting tbe Btampers. Tbe cam at present in use is made in a solid piece, and as a const quence when anything goes wrong with it, the whole cam and the others between it and the end of the shaft have to be taken off. Mr. Thompson's invention is a solid boss to go on the shaft, and fitted with socketB into which to tit tbe cams. When a cam becomes worn or damaged it can be readily removed and another fitted in without disturbing any others on the abaft. A private letter lately received by a resident ot Euroa (says the Advertiser), conveys the information that Captain Moore, who it will be remembered was in the company of Miss Laura Swain some six months since, when she unfortunately met with a melancholy death by drowning, and who was acquitted of being the cause of her death, has committed suicide, leaving a written admission to the effect that he purposely threw Miss Swain over the bridge into the Yarra. It such statement be true, it is curious that the daily papers bave not yet got hold of tbe tact. The Bill to amend the Patent Act will greatly facilitate the issue of patents in Victoria. A pamphlet haB been compiled for the Law Department by Mr. W. W. Rogers, barrieter-at-Iaw, containiug all the latest information necessary to persons who desire to obtain patents, trade marks, or copyright, in the colony. The pamphlet, which is entitled "A Guide to tbe Patent Office in reference to Patents, Copyrights, and Trade Marks," was printed by the Government printer, arid may be obtained from any of the agents of the Government printing department. Planting has now fairly commenced at Mildura. Mr. Skene with a gang of men has been busily engiged in laying off the ground for various settlers, and as the Trafalgar and Ruby bave on board large consignments of trees, all the nurserymen will have their hands full, and the " planting boom " will continue for tbe next ten weeka. Mr. W. B. Challey is personally superintending the pegging out of some of the blocks for planling. A good downpour of rain at the present juncture would be useful on some of the lots where the drains are not yet in operation. The whole of the machinery used for the electric lighting of the Exhibition is to be an open exhibit, and it ought to constitute a most attractive feature to engineers. As the whole of the belting used in this machinery, 4000ft., is patent " Lancashire Fabric," supplied by Messrs. Campbell, Guthridge, and Co., those interested in belting will have a chance of observing for themselves during the currency of the Exhibition whether this form of belting possesses the excellencies claimed for it, namely, pliability and regularity of working due to durability and small amouut of stretch. A magisterial inquiry was held at Portarliugton on the body of a man which was found on the beach about a mile from the pier. A piece of paper was found on him with words to this effect—" I hereby certify having attended doctors for nine yearp, and having been pronounced incurable, will destroy myself. Signed—R. BURNS." Tbe deceased recently arrived from Melbourne. He procured a- fryingpan, melted some shot, and made them into bullets, and then blew his brains out with an old carbine. A verdict was returned that the deceased had met his death by a gunshot wound. The Victorian Agent-General has been instructed to purchase, at a cost of £12,000, the Zilinski pneumatic dynamite gun. A private trial of one of these weapons, which has been built for Spezzia, Italy, under the charge of Captain Zilineki, took place recently at !New York. The gun is 40ft. long, 15in. in diameter, and ie charged with a shell 6ft. long. By the aid of hydraulic fittings it is ecsily handled. The trial demonstrated the capacity of the gun to deliver accurately within a range ot two miles shells weighing 9001bs. The charge consists of 6001bs. of gelatine, equal to lOOOlbs. of gun-cotton. A Bill to amend tbe Residence Areas Act 1881 has been circulated. It provides that the holder of a miner's right or business license may pay for the same in instalments. Where the residence area is situated oil the surface of land comprised in gold- mining or mineral lease, and the surface is not required for mining, the holder may purchase. Power is taken to fix the depth of residence areas sold under the Act. In future no area having a frontage or abuttal of more than 66i't. to or upon any one proclaimed street can be registered or occupied, unless registered before the passing of the Act. A singular fact ("says the Hamilton Spectator) was noticed by one of our townsmen during the snow-storm on Saturday week, and this was that while snow remained as it fell on the branches of other trees, it melted directly it came in contact with the leaves of the eucalyptus. Probably it could not, owing to tbe position of the leaves, secure a lodgment there; or can it be that one more virtue has been added to the very many said to be possessed by eucalyptus oil, which may, 60 they say, almost be relied upon to cure anything from a cold to a fever, from a smashed wheelbarrow to a broken wooden leg ! On Sunday, 22ad ult, the first church at Springhurst was opened by the Rev. Father Carolan. There was a very large congregation present, many of them coming in the rain for miles. After the ceremony of opening the church had been gone through, mass was celebrated, and the worthy pastor pieached a very eloquent sermon, commenting upon the great spiritual benefits that the parishioners would derive from having a suitable church to attend to their duties in. The worthy pastor also congratulated the parishioners upon the manner in which they had persevered in raising funds to erect the church with. The Working Men's College is even more successful as an educational establishment than was at first expected. The rulee, charges, subjects, and teachers are such that any young person of limited means may ohtain a firstclass education. It is pleasing to fiad that the superior middle classes do notoljectto attend, because others who move in a lower social plane, also enjoy the benefits of the college. They have the good sense to understand that only the well-meaning and right-minded have a desire to raise themselves intellectually, and so on the plane of learning and intellectual attainments, all may strive as equals. Nominations have been made as follows for the undermentioned borough and shires: - Rutherglen (borough) — S. Benjamin, W. Meehan, W. Taylor (retiring), W. A. Ritchie ; auditor—H. Audley. Rutherglen (shire).— Central riding—Q. Graham (retiring); 'west riding—G. S. Smith (retiring) ; east riding— R. Smart (retiring); south riding—M. O'Dea (retiring), T. M'Quire; auditor—D. Brown. Towong (shire) —William Ferguson has been elected without opposition for the Murray riding. Wodonga (shire).—Thomas Johnston (retiring), H. Harkin (retiring), Pe:er M'Lean, P. Adams; auditors—J. Ryan and C. Smith. In connection with the death of Mr. Tyres, setr., whose remains were interred in the Numurkah cemetery on Sunday week, it is worthy to mention (says the Numurkah Standard) that all the duties pertaining to the burial were performed by six grown-up sons of the deceased gentleman. They carried the coffin to the hearse, and removed it thence to the grave, into which they lowered it, not permitting any other person to assist them in the performance of the last sad rites to their departed parent. The large concourse of friends who had assembled around tbe grave appeared deeply impressed with the solemn sight of the grief-stricken sons showing their last respectn in the manner above recorded. The question of affording facilities to visitors to Melbourne during the Centennial Exhibition to visit the inland towns of the colony, was brought under tbe notice of the Railway Commissioners by the members for Sandhurst and Bailarat, accompanied by several shipping representatives. Mr. Speight promised that whenever cheap excursion trains were run to Melbourne from the country, visitors from Melbourne would be afforded a similar opportunity of visiting the country. Witli regard to giving visitors cheap tickets there was a difficulty about it, as it would be very hard always to tell who were visitors and who residents. If a scheme to get over the difficulty were suggested, he would gladly consider it. Mr. Walter Coop, of the Victorian Lead Works, has devised and got into actual working order a patent shot-making machine, which ought at no distant date to replace everywhere the cumbersome shot to^er. The idea of his method of manufacture is simplicity itself; his machine punches out small circular pieces from sheet lead fed into it; these are then put in lota of several hundredweights each into circular iron boxes, which are kept revolving at a moderate speed ; a day's treatment of this sort converts the little cylinders of lead into spherical shot. Mr. Coop has recently introduced some excellent machinery for the manufacture of lead pipes. With these he can turn out pipes in 20 feet lengths. The members of the Swamp Board have famished the Government with a report recommending that active measures be taken to drain the Koo-wee-rup Swamp. The extent of the swamp and the magnitude ot the drains will necessitate a large expenditure, and the board urge that provision should be made in the forthcoming Estimates for the initial outlay. At the Moe Swamp steady progress is being made in the work, of clearing the outlet by day labor. Parliament last year voted £1000 towards this undertaking, but the tenders sent in were BO high that the Government decided to carry on the operations themselves. Tbe drainage of the Condah Swamp ia almost completed, the works having now been in progress for over two years. The question of holding an intercolonial convention of the chief ofibers of fire brigades throughout Australasia at Melbourne during the Exhibition period, upon the lines of those so successfully conducted in America, was favorably considered on Saturday at the quarterly meeting of the National Fire Brigades' Association of Victoria. It was resolved to hold a convention at Melbourne in November, when the principal objects discussed will be—1. To arrange for the Holding of intercolonial demonstrations at less frequent periods ; to read and discuss papers and essays upon fire prevention and protection; and generally to advance the colonial fire service ; also, to establish an order of Australian firemen upon a friendly society basis. Mr. H. Davidson, mining surveyor at Beechworth, has sent to the Secretary for Mines (Mr. C. W. Langtree) a plan ot the position of a rich quartz reef recently discovered on the range opposite Brady's farm, near tbe main road from Myrtleford to Bright, and close to the eastern boundary of the parish of Barwidgee. The reef is of a soft mullocky character, and is easi'y worked. The first crushing taken from it gave 2 -z 21 wt. to tbe ton, the second gave 3 ^z. 2iwt., and the third (a parcel ot 20 tone) gave a little over 2oz. per ton. The average width of the reef, as far as worked, is about one foot. Mr. Davidson states that several parties are out prospecting the adj-icent ranges, but up to the present there is nothing to warrant a rush of miners to the locality. ( The agitation for tbe teaching of religion in State-schools still goes on. It may be venti lated more openly at times, and at others more quietly, but it never ceases. Mr. Harper, M.L.A., has again brought up the question at a meeting of the Board of Advice Union, at the same time disclaiming being a denominationalist. But we all know that only strong denominationalists are dissatisfied with the present system. The strongest opposing sect are the Roman Catholics; next come the PreS' byterians, and after them the Church of England. A number of Wesleyans are also in favor of religious instruction in the public schools, but the great body of Methodists and others desire to keep the Act as it is, with this exception—that they wish detailed instruction in history, and more particularly the history of the British Empire, which every British born tubject ought to be familiar with, not withstanding the opposition of any religious sect. Something approaching a sensation was caused at the Geelong railway station on 27th ult. by the abortive attempt of a man to commit suicide by throwing himself on tbe rails in front of a train. The 12 50 p.m. train from Camperdown was passing through the quartermile tunnel from South Geelong, when the driver noticed a man enter the tunnel from the Geelong end, and lay down on the line. The engine, which was only proceeding at a moderate pace, was reversed, and the driver secured the inan, who gave the name of Walter Lewis, aged 26 years. He expressed great annoyance at being frustrated in his attempt at self-murder. He stated that he was a labourer, and had been unable, though he had travelled the colony, to obtain employment. He was perfectly sober. He has a Jewish cast of features, and has a very intelligent, though melancholy, expression. The foolish fellow was locked up on a charge of attempting to commit suicide. The attitude of the Government in relation to the demand of the farmers for a reduction of the grain freights was not explained in the Budget. Mr. Hall asked the Premier, in the Legislative Assembly on 27th ult., to assist them in coming to a determination on the matter by making a supplementary statement on the point, which Mr. Gillies did. Its effect was that it is the policy of the Government and of the Riilway Department to reduce freights year by year so long as there is a sufficient revenue to pay working expenses and interest on capital, but as the grain rates had been brought down to the lowest possible point, they could not be further reduced unless the traffic were to be carried on at a loss. Mr. Woods inquired if renewals ol permanent way and of rolling stock were provided for under the head of working expenses, to which Mr. Gillies replied that renewals of permanent way only were thus included. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen wanted to draw from the leader of the country party No. 2 a statement of their intentions in regard to the Budget, but was met with an instruction to give notice of his question. The number of forged jfil-notes on the E S. and A.C. Bank in circulation is far larger than was even suspected. It certainly seems as if on the evening so many of the forgeries were passed in Richmond, one or more of the persons implicated in the forgeries had taken train to several of the provincial centres, and at once commenced to put tbe forgeries off there, lor since that evening several scores of the forgeries have been passed in Bailarat, Sandhurst, Geelong, and elsewhere. At the Geelong branch of the Union Bank the teller accepted three of the notes, and he will suffer pecuniary loss to the amount involved. More have also come to light in Melbourne. At least one hotelkeeper has unwittingly taken three or four, and about the same number were detected at one of the banks. It is hard even to conjecture how many of the imitations are about; probably there are Beveral hundreds. The house at Burnley-street, Richmond, which was occupied by the Italians Kacozane and Dionisio, who were arrested on a charge of passing some of tbe notes, is now in the charge of the police, and in it have been found a number of articles which were purchased where the false notes were passed. In the north riding of the Shire of Nuoawading there are three contestants for the honor of being representatives in the council, viz., Councillor M'Glone, the retiring member, and Messrs. Squire Aspinall and T. R. B, Morton. The former, Councillor M'Glone held a meeting at the Church of England schoolroom, Mitcham, which passed off quietly enough. Afterwards, however, the candidate and other residents discussed election matters « not wisely, but too well," until the " wee sma hours ayont the twal." They were a bit excited—full, possibly, of enthusiasm—and held forth on their particular views in the main roads. How it all occurred everyone is too hazy at present to recollect, but a free fight was started, and continued with vigor, with the result that Councillor M'Glone was carried off the field with a sprained ankle, and has since been confined to his bed. A young man named John Keogh was found to have his leg broken In two places, and half-a-dozen men are wandering about Mitcham with discolored eyes explaining that they were "chopping wood when a piece flew up." Keogh's injuries were of a serious nature, and after being attended by Dr. Vaughan he was despatched to the Melbourne Hospital. On July 12 a shocking tragedy occurred on board the ship Lucania on the voyage from New York to Melbourne. On the date named, the wind being fresh, two men were stationed at the wheel, one being a young Swede named Theodore Hansen. On tbe weather side the steering was bad several times. The second mate, Hugh M'Kinnon, remonstrated with Hansen, and an altercation ensued. M'Kinnon gave Hansen a kick. Nothing further passed then. When Hansen was relieved he entered the carpenter's shop, and secreted a tomahawk about him. He then returned to the poop, where M'Kinnon was sitting smoking. Hansen advanced quietly, and drawing the tomahawk without a word he dealt M'Kinnon a fearful blow on the head with the edge of the tomahawk, the weapon burying itself in the man's skull and remaining there. Hansen ran away on his hands and feet to the main deck. The mate, with the tomahawk still sticking in his skull, also descended to the main deck and called to the captain. The tomahawk then fell on the deck. The injured man was re moved to his berth. He lingered for five days, and died on July 17, eight days before reaching Melbourne. Hansen was seized, and put in irons. He was handed over to the police on arrival at the pier. Hansen is not 20 years of age. Between 10 and 11 o'clock on Sunday morn' ing, a young woman was taken to the Mel bourne Hospital with a bullet wound in the leg. The bullet was easily extracted by one of the resident surgeons, and the woman was admitted as an in-patient. She then made no statement as to the cause of the wound ; but an elderly man who took her to the institution, and gave her name as "Ashton," said she was his wife, and that they had been playing with a loaded revolver in their room, 10 Exhibitionstreet, when the revolver accidentally went off. The real name of the woman, who is only 23 years of age, is Sarah Farrell. She was employed as cook at 10 Exhibition-street (a private boarding-house) ; and her husband, who is 47 years of age, was employed there as boots, &c.; The woman said Ashton was her maiden name. Police-constable Barclay, of Russell-street., called at the boarding-house, and was informed that the report of the weapon was heard by the other inmates of the house, and that when they went to the Farrells' room, both the Farrells said the fire was accidental. They said they were having a playful scuffle, and that when the woman attempted to take the weapon from her husband she was shot in the leg. The couple had only been employed at the place a few weeks. The woman is not in much danger at present. According to Mr. Hubert de Castella (says a London contemporary), our great southern dependencies in Africa and Australia are destined to play a very large pait among the wineproducing countries of the world. The interesting paper he read before the Royal Colonial Institute is in many ways a revelation to Englishmen, who are very apt to think that the only industries of Australia are sheep-rearing and goldmining. Of course everyone knows that Australian wine now figures in tbe pricelists of every considerable wine merchant, but few people know that Victoria alone can boast of upwards 10,000 acres ot vineyards, stocked with vines of the choicest European sorts. Happily for Australia, the phylloxera, which has devastated France, has not yet obtained a general footing at the Antipodes. While the vines which yield the most famous vintages of France are being replaced by stronger American, kinds, whose products may or may not prove of equal merit, those very kinds remain the chief source of Australian wine. Given an equal skill in the manipulation of the grape and there is no reason why it should not prove a source of wealth to our southern offshoots M it has been in the past to France. Mr. de Castella calculates that, as it is, an Aostralian grower who can produce wine worth two shillings a gallon can, under those southern skies, make sure of a profit of something like £20 an acre—a sum which no other cultivation could approach. A seaman belonging to H.M.S. Calliope disappeared on Saturday evening. The man Hen r y Stannan, had been left behind in Svdney when the fleet departed from there, and was taken overland bV the master-at-arms and placed in the Williamatown lock-up, pending the arrival of his ship. He was placed on board when the ship came in. It is believed that he got out of one of the ship's ports after dark, and made his way to the end of the swinging boom, to which the dingy was tethered, and casting it loose, made off. About 1 o'clock on Sunday morning a resident of North Melbourne, who waB fishing in a boat off the end of the Alfred Graving Dock, reported to Sergeant Oliver, of the WilIiam8town police, that he believed that a man had been drowned near to him. He says that he heard a splashing in the water, whereupon he quickly hauled up his anchor and went to the spot from whsre the sound seemed to come, but by that time all was quiet again. The sergeant despatched the water police boat to the spot, and the constables set to work dragging. They continued for several hours without result, and resumed next morning, but were again unsuccessful. Other persons fishing near the same locality say they heard splashing, but considered that it was caused by a porpoise or a shark. The locality at which the splash was heard waB a few hundred yards from the Calliope. The missing boat was picked up on Sunday about 10 miles down the bay, by the Charles and Arthur, a schooner inward bound. The railway authorities were informed by telegram that au accident, fortunately unattended by any casualty, had occurred at Middle Creek, a small station on the line between Beaufort and Buangor, on tbe Ararat to Bailarat section. The reports on the subject state that the stationmaster(Mr. Morrison) had left a siding open, into which the Adelaide express train—which does not stop at the station, but simply Blackens"speed to pick up the staff—ran, causing a great shock to the passengers and some damage to the engine. The stationmaster admits that he left the siding open, and consequently, under the interlocking system, the semaphore muBt have been at " danger," and the driver of the express had no right to enter the station until the eiding was closed. The signal was in the ordinary course against the driver, who, if Mr. Morrison's statement be correct, came on in defiance of it, and ran his train against the buttress ends ol the side line. Tbe authorities consider that tbe stationmaster was at fault in leaving the siding open, and Morrison was accordingly suspended from duty. The engine driver is to be called on to explain why he ventured to run his train in when the signal was at danger." The collision with the posts at the end of tbe siding gave a severe shock to the passengers, several of whom complain of being hurt by the violent concussion. One of them, Mr. M. Schmidt, ot Adelaide, found it necessary upou arrival in Melbourne to consult Dr. Valentine Browne in reference to bis injuries. The accident caused a delay of five hours to the train, and considerable damage was dona to the engine and foremost carriages. 