The Bishon of -Port Aueusta. On Thursday last, July 12, Dr. O'Reilly, the Bishop of the new diocese of Port Augustaj S.A., arrived in Bnrra at 6.30 p.m. by the Broken Will express, accompanied by his chap uuij auv. jrcLiuci i^aycs, ui ujuutj ouu j_/cau Nevin, of Port Augusta. He was met at the station by the Rev. Father O'Dowling, S.J., the pastor of the Burra district, the Very Rev. T. O'Brien, S.J.. Superior of the Jesuit Mis sions in South Australia, and the Rev. J. Lee, of MarrabeL The laity were represent-*! by Messrs. John O'Leary* James O'Connclland P. Dowd, Esq.» J.P., Farrell's Flat. On arriving at St. Joseph's residence the people of the place greeted His Lordship with a hearty *' three cheers for our new Bishop' whic'j were given with a will, and the church bell ir ig out a welcome to the new chief pastor. A s .-iump' hal arch decorated with green boughs b.we the inscription in Irish 'cead mile fail' i,' the warm-hearted greeting of his country. At 7 p.m. His Lordship entered the Church accom panied by all the above-named priests, and on taking his seat on the throne erected at the Gospel side ol the altar, Father O'Dowling read the address given below and nvide the presentation of a historical picture of ' Catho lic progress in Barra up to the year iSSS A.D.' which shows all the places where Mass was said from the beginning till now with portraits of all the priests who had char ge of the district up to the present, One portrait only could not be procured. All the pictures were produced by the 1 ical artist. The address o 1 white satin . 1 neat gilt frame with a grejn back gtound was a handsome work. It read as follow : — ' Address of the Catholics of Barra district to the Right Reverend John O'Reilly, D.D., Lord Bishop of Port Augusta, S.A., may it please your lordship, 'To accept our welcome which we give most heartily and we thank you very much for your kindness in giving u? the honour of being the first to have you in our midst on coming to take possession of your diocese. ' Mest willingly we open our gates to re ceive you and not only them, but our hearts also that you may abide there in affectionate memory and hold sway over us through love rather than by the rule of authority. ' In your Lordship's appointment to thisneur diocese we- see the* culminating point of the Fathers of the Council of Sydney of 1SS5, and as those labours were begun and continued under the invocation of the Holy Ghost, so may we hope that the same Holy Spirit will guide you, our new chief Pastor, in all your works that they u-ay all be for the good of oar souls and for the greater glory of God. 'On behalf of the congregation of St. Toseph's Kooringa and surrounding district. ' William O'Dowling, S.J.' His lordship addressing the congregation in reply said he thanked them very much for their warm welcome and beautiful address, and after discoursing of the vicissitudes and delays connected with his appointment to this new see, he took it as a good omen that on entering his diocese in the first town he met the good sisters of St. Joseph and a father of the society of Jesus. The sisters of St. Joseph he learned to know in the great colony of New South Wales, and there he found them at work in the schools especially, prospering where no one else could thrive, and doing great things for the cause of Catholic education bj training the little ones in secular knowledge and in the knowledge and practice of their holy religion. The care of the little ones was especially dear to him and he wished all — the parents in par ticular — to take an interest in the work and to help it on in every way they could. He was, moreover, glad to find the Jesuit Fathers work ing in his diocese. He owed much in his spiritual life to the guidance of those Fathers, and knowing what great services that illus trious order the Society of Jesus had rendered to religion, he was pleased to have the aid t.f those Fathers in building up the Church in his see. One thing this address reminded him as regards himself — the aid of the Holy Spirit — he would remind them of another that as their Bishop he was bound to pray lor them, so they were like manner bound to pray for him, their Bishop. He asked them to pray for him, to pray often, to get the little ones to pray whose prayers were so pleasing .to God, to cultivate a habit of prayer, that aided by their prayers he might have that train in his following whom by his labours he bad helped to salvation, that he might say to his Judge ' These O Lord have you given me, these have I brought unto Thee.' During the litany of horeto, sung|alternateiy ? by the altar-servers and the choir, the Bishop robed for benediction of the blessed sacrament having for his assistants the Rev. Fathers O'Brien, SJ., and O'Dowling, S.J. After the choir had sung theO Salutarisand Tantum Ergo and the Bishop had placed incense in thurible and sung the prayer in honour of the holy Eucharist, he ascended the altar steps and gave the -assembled congregation benediction, the first solemn rite in his new sphere of labour. On the Bishop and his assistants re tiring to the vestry the choir sang the hymn for the season,- the Salve Regina. On {Friday morning, in spite of the very boisterous, cold, and rainy weather, a fairly lar^e congregation was present to hear the Boon's mass at 8 o'clock. Considering how ; : -' -iii i -js was the weather for ceremonies, i.i i » »r or outdoor, the people showed them selves determined to allow nothing to hold them back from the services arranged for them to show their respect and welcome for their Bishop. At noon on Friday, his lordship accompanied by Rev. Father Hayes and Dean Nevin left Carrieton on bis way to Port Augusta, where his reception was to — and did — iake place last Sunday. This notice cannot be closed better than by wishing the new Bishop suc cess in all his labours, and that he may be spared for many years to work in the vineyard of the Lord, so beautifully put in the language of the Church — ad multos annos. 