TUE MO'NTHS. Mayj both 111 England and Austnil.ia, is one : of tho.pleasantest m.inths of the year. ThV first is kept by tli^ Church as the festival of -St. Philip and St. Jaines. '1'he St. James. qotnuieiiioiMted is the one who. uhjs coiisi , and has. been called' lie brother of our Lord, to distinguish, hj m from the other ! ? James, who is styled' « the Les-.'' He | reaiurkai'lij. f„r his. simpli^ 'I 7 .- * If -*? r , r, ' 1 «''e,a.'l.uu,-uce in was-'the,; fit St' a'Hlio(K 'I'ltis sji eiVriv^ed the Jews,, that' thi-y Mi'lod liim from a [liiuui.Lle of the I'eniple. ,fi wa31101 kil.lci, by 1 he fall', but was ablp to 0I- Ws knees, a.nd. in the position was /. -iV ,».lv-'-^fcilttfd, by clubs and. atones,. Of St.. Philip liut^ittle is known, beyond, what is. stated of ? , / him ill tho New Testament. Tradition says that he was married, and that hp |*reaclied ?. « the gospei'in Pluygia. On this day, ill 1869, and : in the : the i'.the : she . was iepth j W.ai j mo ftoxd. ?????'? ? f: ! had baen crucified; the others being the crosses of two theives. The Empress built a Church on the spot, and carried with her to Rome pari of the true cross. The 4th is Sc. Monads' Day, on which the 1000 guinea cup is run for at Newmarket. Jn tho 5th, in 1821, Napoloon Bonapuile died and tho Empress Eugene was born in 1862. The 6th is Rogation Sunday, so culled from ' rogare,' to beseeoh. The 10th is Ascension Day — Holy Thurs day — iu commemoration of the day of Christ ascended' into heiivcn, led cai'tivity- captive, and opened the Kingdom of Heavon to all believers. It is celebrated foity days after Easter. On this day the parochial bounds are beaten by the ciiildern ill England, who are attended by tho beadle and other officials, Formerly it was the custom to (log or bump [ some of the children at the bounds, in ordei that those localities might be impiessed on their memories. I On the 15th, in 1838, Melbourne was founded. On the 10th Dunstan was born. He built a cell near the Abbey of Glastonbury, and employed himself in Goldsmith's work. The great enemy of souls, forseeiug his future greatness, tried in various ways to cotrup St. Duusttn, who on one occasion seized the liend by the iiose with a pair of red hot tongs. At the age of 21, lie restoted Glastoiibiny Abbey then in ruins, and became Abbot. He was banished by Edwy, and lecalled by Edgur and made Archbishop of Canterbury, in which office he died, A D. 988. The 20th — Whit Sunday — commemorates the descent of the Iioly Ghost upon the Apos tles after the Ascension. It derives! its name from the Savon word Witte, 01 Wisdom, which the spirit imparted. It is also called Pentecost, a Jewish term for tho feast which fell fifty days after Easter. On the 24th, 1819, Queen Victoria was oorn. The 25th — St. Augustine. When Pope Gregory determined to send a mission to England, he selected St. Aug istine, who landed in Kent in 596, at the lime he was not aware that Eiiirland had been m -re or less a Christian country. He introduced and' in- sisted upon the observance of the Roman ritual, but was sten UQHsly opposed by the native bishops. He was consecrated Archbishop of Canterbury, and died in 604. 27th — Trinity Sunday. On this day the church commemorates the mystery of the Holy Trinity. It will be noticed that while the life and death of Christ from the subject of many commemorations, of the Holy Spirit there is but one, and of the Father none. AU 'he remaining Sundays of tho ecclesiastical year are in the English Church named aftr Rome they are named after Pentici.st-. The 20th was formely a red letter day in the calendar, and. called Royal Oak Day, in memory of Cha'les 11. having sought safety by hilling in the branch of an oak after, tho battle of Worcester. Oak apples are still worn on this day in many country places in England. The 30th— Epsom Races, Derby Day. The 31st — 'Corpus Ciu'isti '? — is not -in the Anglican calendar, but is a high day in that of Rome. It was instituted in honour of the doctrine of transnbstantiation by Pope Urban IV., and confirmed by ihe Council of Vienna in 1 3,1 1. Qn this day, in 1431, Joan of Aro was burnt.. 