OUR PARIS LETTER, From Ocr Correspondent. PARIS, 14TH Jury. M. Floquct is tasting, not the sweets, but the bitters, of office. He has counted too much on bis popularly credited pluck, and so has proved rash. The Comtc de Paris, Rufforintr from tlie caccetkes scribcnili.' which generally is developed iu golden exiles,' experienced the want to relieve his mind of some secrets for making France, what she really fa not at this moment, happy. And the secret was, the promise to give 22,000 out of tho 36,000 mayors of the' country what they actually possess, the right to be elected by the local council, ami to liarpoon tax payers. The printed circular was put in a closed envelope and dropped, stamped, into the letter box. But it was ouly the walking into my parlor, as the spider said to the fly; the police seized all tho letters. The Empires never attempted such a high-handed act, nor even did the royalties. It was reserved for the Republic— and the third one too— and ontheeveof thelettingoff of squibs and burning bluelights and fizzing cathcrino wheels in honor of 1789, to demolish all sump tuary laws and personal Government Liberty has been thus made to blush, nnd by M. Floquct, too, who was considered to be tho gu&rdiun; angel of that democratic virtue and palladium of civic right. The act cannot bo excused. The strange part of the affair rcsido.1 in the fact that not one of the 560 deputies, plus tho 300 senators, has ever demanded an explanation. But when some other dynasty comes into power what a precedent it will have to put republicans on short commons of liberty. Boulangcr has effected a revolution in his programme; he has effected a revolution in the . Chamber of Deputies, by telling his colleagues they were all politically dead men, and the sooner th'ey disappeared and were no more seen tlie better. Naturally that was not the honey to catch legislators, many — i>erhans tho majority — of whom have not the ghost of a chance to bo re-elcctcd. Boulangcr had just returned from orating in Bretagne, his province, and lie had been ban- quctted at Kcunes, which is his native city. Beyond doubt he received a ccad imltc faitthe wherever lie appeared. . This must, have been particularly annoying to his enemies, and espe cially to M. Floquct, who boasted to have laid Bouluugism. On the General arriving at tho. -Chamber on Thursday last lie demanded permission to submit- lib second request, as dictated by his electors, tho dissolution of the Chamber. Some weeks ago he laid on the table a project for the revision of the Constitution, which also was rejected. He wound up by handing in liis resignation as deputy, the better to stump every constituency and poll it in his name us tho embodiment of liis two reforms. His tactics in this respect arc not considered sound, as republicans claim to deal only with principles or measures, not names. The whole republican party was against him to a man, nnd last, not least, tho Speaker. M. Floquct rose to reply, but mado a very unhappy speech, full of pcraonnliticH, addressed to Boulangcr.. The latter called him 44 an impudent liar" — hence the duel. Floquct's seconds wcro Messrs. Clcmenceau and Porrin, both experienced duellists — henoo no blundering could occur. Boulanger's wcro Messrs. Laissant nnd L'Heniro, ex-officers and also experienced hands. Tho duel camo off in tho beautiful grounds of Comte Dillou's Castle, near the city fortifications. ! The Comto is the Genorul's bosom friend and director of tho French and New York Telegraph Company, which works in with tho Mackay -Bennett wire. Tho duel was - almost a publio affair | tho public crowded outsido ' tlie railings, hut could not see, owing . to the trees. Tlie chief of . the detectives, M. Graynon, was a looker on. After three 44 rounds, n where each antagonist fought' furiously, and whero the master of' arms had "difiionlty in keeping within the law3 of duelling, Boulangcr received a profound iicck wound, which stopped the combat. At tho moment of writing he lies dangerously wounded, ryid his medical attendant, the famous surgeon, Lobbe, declines to pronounce on -his recovery, indeed the excitement is very high, and the worst is 'apprehended. - ; In any easo the duel will only, intensify the divisions in tho republican ranks— the last thing to bo desired, and will likely be fraught with serious consequences for the destinies of til® Republic. Tlie fault is to be attributed to those who created BoulangLsin, notably the Minister Tirard, who forced Boulauger out ef the uiiuy 