SPELLING R(EFORUf. Salient Points of the Orthography Bill Now Before Oungress. The Fiftieth Congress is considoering a bill for "an amended authography," whion pro. vides for a simplification of spelling. The bill prescribes that it shall take effect upon all the schools of the Territories and those of the District of Columbia, and upon the Milt. toary and naval academies and the Indian and colored schools in the Territories. It declares, furthermore, that any officer, school director, committee or teacher in control of any school described in this act, who shall refuse or neglect to comply with the require. ments of the act shall be removed from office. The bill begins by enacting that ' the tol lowing amended orthography shall be re cognised as correct." The orthography reo ferred to is grouped under the following twelve heads: First: The silent e shall be dropped when phonetically useless, as in are, granite, eaten, rained, harken and so forth. Write er for re, as in theater, meter, saber and so forth. Second: Drop a from ea,having the sound of e, as in feather, leather and so forth. Third : Drop o from co, having the sound of e, as in jeopardy, leopards and so forth. Fourth : For o having the sound of a write 0 in above (abuv), dozen, some (sum), tongue (tung), and the hke. Fifth : Drop o from on, having the sound of a, as in journal, nourish, rough (rut), trouble, tough (tuf), and the like. Sixth: Drop silent u after g, beford a and in native English words; drop final ue, as in guarantee; guard, guess, guest, guilt and so forth; apologue, catalogue and so forth;. demagogue, pedagogue and so forth; league, harangue, tongue (tung), and so forth. Seventh ; Double consonants shall be sim. plified. Final b, d, g, n, r, t, f, I, z, as in ebb, add, egg, inn, purr, butt, bailiff, dull, buzz, and so forth. Medial before another consonant, as battle, ripple, written (writn), and so forth. Initial unaccented prefixes, and other un. accented syllables as in abbreviate, accuse, affair, and so forth; corvetting, traveller, and so forth, Eight: Change d and ed, final, to t when so pronounced, as in crossed (croat), looked (lookt), and so forth, unless the e affects the preceding sound, as in chafed, chanced. Ninth: Change a to z in distinctive words, as in abuse, verb; house, verb; rise, verb and so forth. Eleventh: Drop t in catah, witch, and so forth. Twelfth : Change the epellingin the follow. ing words : Ake (aohe). anker (anchor), beuty (beauty), cosn (could). whole (hole), parlament (parliament), receit (receipt), rims (rhyme), sent (scent), aitho (scythe), wimen (women), yomen (yeomen) ; drop silent b in bomb, crumb, debt, doubt, dumb, lamb, limb, numb, plum, subtle, succumb, thumb; change o back to a in cinder, expence, fierce, hence, once, pence, scarce, since, source, thence, tierce, whence; drop the h of ch in chamo mile, choler, cholera, melanoholy, school, stomach; drop g in feign, foreign, sovereign; drop hin aghast, burgh, ghost ; drop gh in haughty ; though (tho), through (theu); drop ain aisle, demesne, island: .Providec,, Thas the foregoing rules shall not apply to proper names. ?A, prozAid?d firlher, that where ambiguity would result from the use of.the said rules the old form may be retained. "I am a strolling player," groaned a seedy looking fellow to a gentleman on a country road, " and do not ask for money, bhut only some left-off clothes." " My good fellow," rejoined the latter "I am sorry I can't assist you. Times are now so bad that I wear my left-off clothes myself." " My daughter Ann takes a great interest in msthetics," observed Briggs to Squal dig. "She could just put you to sleep talking about high art." "I see," repl;ed Squaldig; " usthetic Ann becomes an aonrsthatic." Maud (reading title of picture): "'A Hunt' for a Leech. What kind of animal do you suppose a leech is, Clara " Clara (doubtfully): " Oh, I don't knows something like a fox, I should think," Alarmed pedestrian (picking up a painter at the toot of a ladder): "' My poor man, are you hurt muehb" Painter: " Only three ribs broken. But I went down with colors flying, didn't 1?" Wifo (looking up from her book): "You know a great many things. John. Now what do you think should be done in the case of drowning 1" Husband: Have a funeral, of course," Mrs. Arlington (jost married) "The goose liver you lef: here yesterday was excellent. Lot me have another. But of the same goose, mind. Myhusband is very par. ticular." He (at a very late hour, with deep tender. naes: "flow can I leave thee?" She: "Why, really, Mr. Stayer, I can't tell you. I wish to heaven I could." Mamma: "Edith, can you tell me what faith?' Edith (aged six years): " Oh, yes; it is believing what you know isn't true I" She (vindictively): "You need not hope to ??aapo me thus. The wounded hears never forgets. I shall follow you to your grave." I? (with bravado); "Not if you die first," Q2. 