UNITE'ED CGhRISTIAN CON FEREVNCE. (BY Jones.) During the past week the largest of the Launceston churches have been thrown open for Christian worship, and in the evenings these sanctuaries have been crowded with worshippers, whilst large numbers have assembled in the afternoons of the days set apart. The gatherings were invited by the ministers of what are called the Evangelical Churches, and were intended to constitute a united christian conference, to gathor the people of God of all denominations, in order to strengtlen each others hands and hearts in His service and worship. As applied to the gatherings, tihe word " conference" seemed to be a misnomer, and "convention" would have been a more appropriate term. The invitation set forth "that by coming together for united intercession and for mutual exhortation we shall be honouring our gracious Lord and placing ourselves in readiness for more blessing." This intended feature was not carried into effect in the idea of conferring, and which might perhaps have made the meetings even more useful and effective. The prayers and addressee of the various ministers were heart- searching and profoundly impressive, but all these, though full of fidelity, were only from the ministerial standpoint. An improved Urrangement would have been for the afternoon service to be devoted to con feronce, in which free Interchange of thougllt supplied by both clergy and lay men might have taken place as to the shortcomings of Christian people, with suggested remedies. With the exception of the clergy of the Church of England the whole of the local ministers in town were present at each service, besides a large number represent ing various country churches. The pre sence and inspiration of the Rev. 1i. S. Mercer, M.A., an Anglican clergyman from Melbourne, was a feature of the meetings, and demonstrated that when conventional prejudices may be put aside, there is nothing to prevent a united representation -on the same platform--of the forces of Protestantism in tile unity of tile Church of Christ. In these communities where tlhere are no political barriers suchl unions would be of vital service tol the cause of a common Christianity. Mr. Mercer, who was the sole representative of the Church of England ministry, taking an active part, is a type of the class of clergymen in that community happily now fast increasing. That church is growing desperately in earnest, and is becoming increasingly godly. The race of un spiritual parsons is dying out, and the Barnabas type of minister-the good man, full of faith and of the Iaoly Ghost, is in the ascendant in the English Church. It is cune of the most gratifying features of Christian aggressiveness that in the colonies especially she possesses men like Mr. Mercer, who are all on fire, and are using to the uttermost, social influence, wealth, and culture in the warfare against irreligion. l'he services were meant to express, said one minister, "the oneness of the church in its union with Christ, and also their oneness with one another," and that such a vantage ground can exist amongst the various denominations was abundantly de monstrated. In this respect the convention was in accord with thie new development modern Christianity Ihas found, or ratler has reverted to, in regarding it not so much as an intellectual scheme, but as an in spiration to a life of felloivslhip with God and of service to men. There was a com plete absence in the addresses of theologi cal dogma, and this was a most hopeful sign. Whereas in former periods the church regarded herself as the defender of the faith, she now regards herself as the minister of mercy and help to suffering humanity. Less dogmatic, she has grown more helpful. The energy which informer days went out in controversy is now de voted to works of practical benevolence. Where churches once met In solemn con clave for the consideration of theological subtleties, they now meet to devise plans for the alleviation of human woe. In this matter the church is finding her way back to the real purpose of her Master's Gospel -a Gospel long obscured by the traditions of men. Another speaker said " the object of tihe conference was the raising, deepening, and strengthening of the spiritual life of Christians," and that this end was gained to a very widespread extent there can be little doubt. That the fervid appeals of the ministers elicited sympathetic re sponse was abundantly manifest at the gatherings, and was attested by the sample written testimonials read at one of the later meetings :-"The conference has cleared the way in showing tme how to receive the fulness of blessing ;" " it has bden a time of profitable humiliation to me ;" "I have been enabled more unre servedly to consecrate myself to God," etc., etc. Perhaps the most startling feature of the addresses was the terrible indictment ministers laid against themselves as well as the members of the church for personal unfaithfulness to the ideal of an earnest spiritual life, and the heart-searching in this direction must bear good fruit. It must surely be an overwhelming evidence of the grace of humility that Christian people will bear complacently such scath ing terms of rebuke. Did ministers set an impossibly high ideal for practical attainment ? Is it practicable, is it the Gospel intention for men and women whose daily life and avocations are in tile world to completely separate themselves from it in absolute consecration to God ? Does Clhristianity require an abstinence from the social pleasures of the world-its concerts, halls, theatres, civic honours? These things were emphasised as utterly incompatible with tle Christian life in its attainment of high spiritual altitude. It may be so, but if the salt and leaven of Gospel influence a1e to transform a hostile world, it must be effected by contact with those whio, having received, can dissemi nato it. " I pray not that Thou shouldest take tlem (My disciples) out of the world, but that Thou shouldest keep them from the evil." Will thile good effects of tlhe convention be lasting ? The baptism of spiritual power should not only intensify personal religious life, but impel to a more faithful propaganda in the rescue of the perishing. Roused from tlheir lethargy, what will their renewed consecration do for thile masses ? Among thoughtful men it is being ques tioned wlletier the largo sums expended on church buildings can bejustified by the limited uses to which they are put. In most cases they are occupied only from three to four hours out of a whole week for the two or three services on the 'Sunday and a brief one on some week-day evening. All the rest of the week they remain closed andi practically useless. Surely. this is a gross waste. Why should not the churches be open all day long-a quiet retreat into which the heart-worahipper may enter to think and pray ? It would be a great boon to malny to be able to turn into the quiet church, and if now and again through the day the strains of the organ-so little used -could be heard discoursing sacred and rest-giving music, the boon would be still greater. And in the week, why ehould not the churches be utilised for lectures, con Certs, and meetings for worthy objects ? It would rob themn, say some, of their sacredness; it would be a desecration of consecrated places. Consecration of place is a Jewish idea fostered and kept alive by priestly influence. 'lhe New Testament has nothing to say about consecrated places, though it has a good deal to say about consecrated persons, whose presence will consecrate any place. Our church buildings, representing a large expenditure of thought and skill and means, should be at the service of every agency for the well. being of soen. 