'yg^S^EYfliLiS. I1,^StraiigeAdventures of a House-boat. jjl jjv William Black. Chapter XVIII. Sn uhcrc thou art nttmp . r^r the glassv, cool, translucent 'arc, j In twisted braid6 of Ulics kmttuijr | The loose train of thy amber-dropping hair : ; rJsten for dear honour s sake, . i.ia. , ooddess of the silver lake, ^ I.istCH. and ta'K', OREOVER, the counsels of the night only increased the L fears of Queen Tita; and by L next morning she had |hl quite convinced herself that, unless some imme diate measures were taken, Miss Peggy would persist in her folly, and end by marrying a beggar. A beggar, in deed! When the fair iuisirefs ijiuutsay was weed and won and earned away from Edinburgh city by young Donald of the Isles— who had successfully concealed from her his high estate — die was, no doubt, agreeably surprised when he took her up to a moun tain and bade her look abroad on the islands and castles and domains of which Ehc was now to bo lady and queen. Well, we live in less romantic days; but ouo could not help thinking that, even if tho dreaded thing to to happen, Miss Peggy might not be altogether disappointed when she tame in sight of Inverfask House. A moor yielding to two guns and fair ehooting some five-and-thirty bruce on the Twelfth, and, with proper management, good for eight or ten brace ou an off day during the remainder of the season ; a lech with abundance of brown trout, and with sea-trout running to four or five pounds ; an extensive, if not over productive farm; to say nothing of the plantations aud ' policies ' sur rounding the house itself, and rights of salmon-fishing for some miles along tho coast : these seem -o make very comfortable provision for a beggar. But what was the use of discussing this fantastic inipossi* bility : ?'She is 6imply at her tricks again — she can't help it,' one says to this anxious-eved mite of a creature. ?' Andas for Cameron, of course he likes to have a pretty girl to talk to: what soldier doesn't ' It isn't tricks at all,' she says. ' I know quite well when Peggy is merely playing pranks— I've seen her at il. too often. But tbis is entirely different ; her imagination seems to have been taken captive — yoa can 6ee that in the interest she displays about the smallest matter connected with Scotland, or the Highland people, or the Highland raiments, for the matter of that; and, then, she is eo obe- . oieM ana submissive; she isn t pretending to be a very, wry proper young lady —with a wink at you when she gets the chance ; it ie real this time, or else I am mistaken, and 1 hope I am. And as for him, well, I hope I am mistaken there too; but bis regard for her seems to be most marked — the quiet satisfaction he seems to have in her society — and ™ good-humoured toleration — encouragement, even, he w for all her wilfulness ? ' Why, how long is it since he first set eyes on her !' °11' nl6' !?' Pro^eRt against this ridiculous fancy, il' 's nothing,' she answers. ' A single day of js companionship is worth a whole London season.' But even if it wore true, where would bo the harm , esaturally ask6. ? ' Cameron is very far from being I penniless.' He is five-and- forty, if ho is a day !' she exclaims, fd 1+,. often nnist I .point out to you that at five-and- j i!Im *s 3Us'; at the prime of bis manhood —the very j ,t 6 ? Physical and intellectual strength ?' ' Of course you say that,' she retorts. ' But ten years ^ * ou 6a'd the same of five-and-thirty.' haven't I ten years' more wisdom to add to mv Ljv ? 1 tell you now it is five-and- forty. And 1 say truW. ,n?eron is in his prime.-. Mind you, he can arc mif some of the young fellows when they tell n I've 'Seen more thau one of them pretty 6lMloJi? T ^ lunofc-tiuie— on the far tops at Achna offittm I mean- and fhen you'd find,, the Cornel, instead toerelv f'iT0wn co^ beef and the whisky- and-water, bi !°t', pipe, and lounare up and down, trying Hmr Ind'1 was Ben-a- vuick'and which Ben Dearg. stand' i t j 0' more out of him it's hard to under erahL u., l6uPPose he' is one of those firm-knit, fatless 8eems to toucb' peisoQ Qetails do not seem to interest this preoccupied 4e ^ ever met before at someone else's house,' asked him ' ®ut ^ look as if we had expressly ^conM*? uin our Party to— to bring this about. And tt fell as 0„e ve /freamt of such a thing ? Peggy knows ^almnsif' i2De 6 her peoeie expect of her ; she 'nmicaHiM i 88 much— though she is not very com ^ve about such affairs ? -» Windiwt^' ^01f see ^ result of cherishing historical Jc® hgj PartiBanships,' one points out to her. ' If jectof nmiri? r®?Pnc|iled yourself to Jack -Buncombe's pro Mjesrvf^c - 68 ®d^ard the dark foil to the heroic ifhv, bv would be the state of affairs now ? ?a be, I, ei. I'^ok, or the play, whichever it was *otdd h.Vfi 1)66,1 lialf done; and chose young people *W; mfl engaged to be married- as sure as ever Sidine _ nwinma and papa in Brooklyn would be re bisteaj Qt v ? ^wdian angel of their daughter, tidier, whnm e 811 impecunious and elderly „^ott yourself invited to come along ; and you 18 -*Tv pSZ!!nrEe *° deatij' because voal think he is going ^Highi^^,?Way live on oatmeal and skim-milk in ''fitly. ^-ose think it is a joke?' she demands indig 'I do.' ?? ^ You know Peggy as I know her ; 'sjnafcj litfiv ^011 816 near, her, you are blinded and V|y4itig_._ r1 e rest of the men, you don't notice ^ ^od tiiit v-'t ^ anything except her eyes. But 1 1? ' am- r®6 frightened me. The only thing is, it arid I daresay, if we could get to her senses. For she has common sense ; 6he is a re markably shrewd young woman. And then, seeing the two of them together, how could she help contrasting them ? , Mr. Duncombe has every advantage. He is nearer her own age ; he will have plenty of money ; and he is good-looking and amusing enough. Of course I aoi not comparing him with Colonel Cameron— except as a suitable match for Peggy; far from it; Colonel Cameron is a much finer stamp of man than Mr. Duncombe — to my thinking, he is worth a dozen of any of the young men we know. But that isn't the question. I am thinking what her people in Brooklyn would 6av about it all— and about us. New. will you write to Mr. Duncombe 'r' ' If you like.' ( ' Will you telegraph ?' ' If you like.' ' Supposing lie can get away, there are plenty of towns where he could join us. Tewkesbury ' ? ' Not Tewkesbury— Wc shall be thereto-day.' '? Gloucester, rhen. You know,' she added easrerlv. 1 ' how anxious he was to go down that open part of the Severn with U6— to see how the boat would answer. He is sure to come along if you urge him.' ' And shall I ask him to bring the Alfieri play with him?' He will not be so ill- mannered,' said she, somewhat stiffly, ' as to talk disrespectfully or cruelly of the unfortunate Prince Charles before one of the Camerons ; I think 1 can trust him for that.' ' And you may trust me for this— that, if he did, Colonel Cameron wouldn't care the fifteenth part of a brass farthing.' ' I am not so sure,' said she. Now, when we were ' all together again in the coffee-ioom of this Worcester Hotel, one naturally now aud again glanced at Miss lJe£gy» to gather from her demeanour towards Colonel Cameron whether there were any grounds for Queeu Tita's suspicions. But nothing of the sort was visible. She was in an unusually merry mood. So far from there being anything of the lovelorn maiden about i her, she was neither more nor less than the ' wilful wretch whose sauciness and cantrips we had bad to put up with all this time ; nay, it was on this very occasion that her imperti nence reached a point which demands serious notice. At breakfast, Queen Tita, who had just been reading- her letters from home, was discoursing to Sir Ewen Cameron about her two boys, their wonderful qualities, ambi tions,* and all the rest of it: while the father of those lads, having some small regard for the truth, was endeavouring to mitigate this panegyric by a few mild protests. But the truth was not acceptable ; it seldom is ; Madam grew more and more annoyed; Miss Pergy professed to sympathise with her deeply; and at last the younger woman reached over for a sheet of music she had purchased the previous day, scribbled some thing on the outside of it, and handed it to her friend. Now, this of itself was a piece of downright rudeness — though, probably, it was tho presence of the Colonel that had stilled her flippant tongue ; but it was not until several days thereafter— and when we were on board again — that one happened accidentally to pick up this sheet of music and discover what she had pencilled on it. These were the words : — ' Full fathom five that father lies ! ' Now, not only was this a monstrous perversion of tbe text of Shakespeare, it was also a gross misstatement of fact; the only thing it proved being, that a young woman given over to such unseemly jesting was in no parlous caBe as re garded her heart, or what she might consider her heart. We had a busy morning before us; for, of course, we could not set about such a serious uudertaking as the navigation of tho Severn without having tho ship fully provisioned and equippod for all emergencies. And what did this giddy-headed schoolgirl know about paraffin oil, candles, soda-water, two-shilling novels, fresh vegetables, preserved fruits, pigeon- pies, towing-ropes, stationery, tele graph forms, and a hundred other things that had to be thought of ? We bade her go about her business and bother us no more. And then, Colonel Cameron remarking that he t hought of walking along to seek out some spot from which he could get a better notion of the disposition of Cromwell's and Fleet wood's forces before the battle of Worcester, she turned to him, and asked him if he was We enter the Severn, when the river is in flood. — The Strange Adventures of a Houseboat, Chapter X\ II [. likely to be passing by the Cathedral, for that she would like to see again a rose-red hawthorn tree that she had re marked on the previous day, and that she thought was the most beautiful thing she had met with in England. Of course, he instantly offered to escort her, and these two went away ; while Mrs. Threepenny-bit (whatever she may have thought of that arrangement) had now to resume her consultations with. Murdoch, in the hall of the hotel. It was not, however, until past mid-day that the four of us, idly lounging about and waiting by the banks of the « Their ambitions '. If thev have any ambition beyond that of getting so mauled at football that their own mother can hardly recognise them when they come home at night, they have so tar been most fucccssfu! in concealing it from the rest of the world. Severn — at the spot where the canal debouches into the river— beheld that long white Noah's Ark of a thing slowly approaching. When she came into the last lock we got on board ; and, having seen that the additional towing-line was attached, and the longest poles ready, we awaited the opening of the great gates A pleasanter day for our entrance upon the Severn we could not have demanded. There was a soft southerly wind blowing up stream, ruffling the wide yellow waters, and stirring the foliage on the high wooded 'bank ; on the other shore the fiat golden-green meadows were glowing in the sunlight, and far beyond them, and beyond some darker lines of elms, the pale blue Malvern hills rose in the shining silvery sky. A brisk and breezy day, sufficiently warm and sufficiently cool ; altogether an auspicious setting forth. And yet, when at length we found ourselves out in the wide current, it was clear that we were to have some un expected experiences. For one thing, the river was in flood ; and the wind, blowing up against tho heavy yellow stream, raised a considerable bit of a sea ; so that very soon the Nameless Barge was plunging and dipping in a most un usual manner. Queen Tita burst out laughing. ' What's the matter now ? ' asked the steersman. ' I've heard of a bluebottle pretending to be a bee,' she says; 'but I never heard ot an old canal-boat pretending to be a yacht.' ' It's all very well : I suppose you have left heaps of shawls and music and books lying about the saloon, and doubtless the water is spouting in at those bull's-eyes at the bow ? ' ' O, my gracious !' she cries, and is off in an instant. 'And you, Miss Peggy,' one continues, ' you'd better go and find Murdoch and 'ask him to see that there are no loose wine-glasses lying about.' 'Oh, certainly,' she says (for she is a biddable lass when she is not bent on mischief), and she, too, disappears. However, our adventuring forth into this raging ocean was a small matter. A more serious thing was this. The bargemen's rule of the road is ' business lirst and pleasure after;' that is to say, in passing each other business barges take the inside,' and pleasure ones the outside, the latter getting their towing- lines over smoke-stack and piled hay as best they can. Now the tow-path at this part of the Severn runs high along the side of a steep bank ; we had necessarily a long line out; and if, in putting our craft into mid-stream to pass the barges coming north, her head yawed over to the western shore, which it was very apt to do with this heavy flood astern, that was invariably the moment chosen by our Horse Marine, who was riding, to urge forward his charger. The inevitable consequence wa6 a sudden and savage wrench, and a tilt over uiat set the plates dancing and the women (inside the saloon) screaming, and that threatened to plunge the whole lot of us into Sabrina's tawny wave. But all the same, we made such excellent progress that every now and again the Horse Marine indulged in a little trot, which was quite inspiriting to behold. We passed the mouth of the Teme; we glided j swiftly along by Beauchamp Court and Kempsey; we swept round by Cliffy Wood and Farm ; and on by Severn stoke aud Severn End. This was a Bingularly.Englishlook ing landscape through which we were passing — the high, red bank above the wide rippling river; the poplars and alders all trembling and rustling in the soft breeze ; along the margin of the stream, yellow-gray reeds and gray-green willows; silver-white clouds crossing the spacious sky, with here and there a glimpse of blue; finally at the horizon, the pale line of the Malvern Hills— those far heights on wnich Caractacus and his brave Silures en trenched themselves and made their lact determined and despairing stand against the Roman legions. Very peaceful now appeared this smiling and cultivated plain. It seemed hard to believe that it was through these very fields close by that Fleetwood's horse had to make their way before they came up with the Royalist troops, and dr'ove them ' from hedge to hedge,' back into Worcester town. The two women returned with thoir report ; not a drop of water had come in by the 'bull's-eyes or anywhere else ; while all was secure in the lockers. ' I'm just in love with this boat,' observed Miss Peggy. 'Children are easily pleased,' answers her hostess — who shares Murdoch's covert opinion about our noble craft. ' 1 believe she could cross to America !' the young lady continues. ' So she could,' the other says, with bittery irony, ' if she were properly lashed ou to tho deck of a White Star Liner.' ' Say, now, whore is Ihe part of the Severn you've always been talking about as something to be feared ?' ' Oh ! that's away down south— from Sharpness to Bristol; that is where you get into tho open estuary,' the steersman answers her. ' And will there be any danger V ' What a question Danger in a boat capable of crosing the Atlantic !' j 'Oh, don't imagine that I shall be afraid !' the young lady says promptly. *' At least I hope not. If I am, I'll | conceal it to the be6t of my ability.' ' I don't think you arc likely to show much fright,' 6aid Colonel Cameron, looking at her with au approving eve. ' Especially as you will be quite prepared — you will have time to screw up your courage beforehand. It's sud- ? den danger that unnerves people. I remember the most j awful fright I ever got in_my life— well, fright is a feeble ! woid; the paralysing sensation of fear waa so bewilder- i insr ? ' i ' You !' said Miss Peggy. ' Why ? ' j But she could not tell the man to his face that it was i impossible for her to believe that he had ever been afraid of | anything. j ' It was at a small inn in the Highlands,' said he, ' where I had put up for some salmon-fishing. Shall I tell you the story ? — it's the only ghost-story I've got. Very well. I was there all by myself at the time; and veiy happy too — capital sport during the day; snug quarters in the evening. One night I had dined as usual, and had drawn my chair in front of the blazing peat fire, lit a pipe, and got a book. No, Miss Rosslyu, I didn't fall asleep and dream my ghost; just you wait. I was reading on in a dead silence ; for at the back of the inn, where my sitting-room was, there was nothing but fields; all the traffic at Altnahara goes on in front. Besides it was getting late. Well, I was reading away in this abso lute silence when of a sudden I heard a 6igh just bghind me— or a groan, rather. I was so startled by the extraor dinary sound that I couldn't tell which it was. Of course 1 wheeled round in an instant— and there, right before me was an enormous head, with two staring eyes and two large horns. Talk about fright ! this was simply a paralysis of sensation altogether. vVlien it, is a man that startles you, and |you wheel round angrily, your first impulse is to strike; but this thing was certainly not a man. Not a man— I should think not— simply an enormous head and huge eyes and nostrils -motionless, too— absolutely motion less—but the eyes glaring. Fright ? I wonder 1 am alive. And then, just as quickly, the explanation flashed in mv mind ; it was the head of a cow. I had left the lower east of the window open, to let out the peat-smoke; the sitting-room was on the ground-floor : this beast had got loose somehow, and wandered round from tho byre, attracted by the light, 1 suppose. When I went forward to it, it still ,.kept staring; then it withdrew its head, with another sn t ; and then I could see its dark bulk going along in the direction of the farm-yard. There— that is my only ghost-story.' 'But iust suppose it had been an old woman who was sitting there,' said Queen Tita. ' Why, she would have run away through the house shrieking and declaring that the devil had just appeared to her.' ' My impression is,' he said, 'that an old Highland woman would have been more familiar with a cow's eyes and horns. It was the enormous size of the head that be wiidered me— beinir so near— and nothing visible but itself. I suppose, now,' he continued, as we were gaily careering down this wide river, 'it is really possible for a man to frighten a bull by stooping and staring at it from between his legs. But does the bull forget that he saw the man upright — that he is a man, indeed 'r 1 remember a friend of mine telling me how he and a companion of his had been out shooting somewhere in the Highlands, and on their way home they had to cross a field that had been partly ploughed. In the fallow part of the field a bull had been turned loose. They paid no heed to him —that is the best way in all circum stances, I believe, if only the brute will let you— and ' thought that they were going to get past all right; but | they soon perceived that he meant mischief. Indeed, there | was no mistake about it; and my friend made tracks for a I stone dyke, over which he clambered with his gun in his band. Not so his companion. Perhaps he was afraid to make a run for it — or he was ashamed— or detei mined to give proof of his courage ; however, he put his-gun on the ground, turned his back to the bull, stooped down, and glaredat the animal from between his legs ? ' ' And that was enough to frighten the beast away,' said Mrs. Threepeinnybit, quickly. ' Oh, was it 'r' observed the narrator, with grim placi dity. ' No, it was not. Quite the reverse, in fact. The bull came at him like a live tornado — caught him one, as the saying is — and the next moment he was rolling head over heels — like a cheese— along a ploughed furrow ? ' ' And killed r' 'No, not killed. When he picked himself up there was a plough near, and he dodged behind that ; but in the meantime the bull was engaged in trampling his gun to bits with its forefeet— and so he mado his escape. They pay he has less faith now in rustic traditions.' ' He was not a personal friend of yours one ventures to ask. 'No.' i- You only heard of him ?' ' That was all.' ' Was your friend who told you the story a person of striot veracity ?' ' Like otner people, I suppose. But what then ? Oh, 1 see. The witness may stand down.' . ' Yes, you may go. The Court expresses no opinion.' A most beautiful river the Severn surely is : and on this mellow afternoon the wind had mostly died away : so that the high red banks, all hanging in foliage, were faithfully mirrored on the smooth surface of the stream, save where some chance puff could come aloug, breaking the oily rus sets and olive-greens with a keen shait of blue— the colour of the overhead sky. Subjects for a water-colour painter formed themselves* at every turn aud winding ; and, at last, when we came in sight of the square gray tower of Tewkes bury Abbey, just visible above the trees, and the ruddy houses of :'he town appearing hero and there beyond fbo warm green meadows — the tower aud houses and meadows and trees all aglow in tho lia-hl streaming over from the western skies — we began to think that too much had Avon and Thames and liennet occupied our artists, and that some of them whom we knew and could name might do worse than pitch their tents more fre quently just a little further west. Now came the question as to where we should moor for the night — some snug place where we could make surely fast, and defy this swollen current. We had no need to go on to the town ; for we bad abundant supplies on board; indeed, we usually refused the shelter of wharfs and basins, unless, for some reason, we wanted to put up at an hotel, and wished to navo tne boat within convenient distance. We finally pitched upon a nook under a steep red bank— the Royall Bill, it is called —where there were some stout willow-bushes close -^-wn by the water ; and when we had run our gallant vessel in among these, and fastened her securely both stem and 6tern, Captain Columbus was free to^o off in search of lodgings for himself and the Horse- Manne. Our first experience of the Severn had been most satisfactory. The Nameless Barge had done every thing that could have been ex pected of her. We began to look forward to Sharpness Point with out any overwhelming anxiety. At dinner that evening we' re frained from lighting the lamps, the twilight without ^eing so sin gularly beautiful. It was m the earlier manner of Mr. W. L. Wyllie, so to speak. The wide smooth surfaces of the water were breadths of pale saffron and ex quisite lilac-grey reflected from an opalescent sky: there were warm olive-green shadows under the opposite bank ; and then, as it happened, there was a withered tree on that shore, and the mir rored black stem and leafless .,,, . , , branches oeijne right down to the | middle of the stream . a single crims6n line in the purple blue of the west told of tie sinking 4&ui.; The birds were still singing — somewhere in our neighbourhood — probably among, the bushes over the steep rcdiiill bohitid us. But it was the river that chiefly claimed our attention — the tender aud etherial and softly merging colours'— the palely changing lights : each window framed a picture, as the day died out of the world. And when at last grew so dark that we had to have recourse to lamps and candles, we knew quite well that in thf clear dark-blue ? heavens overhead the first silver-points of the stars were bejrinnin' to throb. ' Now, all thi6 time Queen Tita had 6aid not a word about the possible coming of Jack Duncombe: perhaps she feared that the mere suggestion might bs construed by Colonel Cameron into a hint that he should vacate his berth. That was not so, as it happened J nevertheless, his offer to quit was sufficiently prompt. ... 44 Oh. Peggy,' said she, that night after dinner, in an off-hand kind of fashion, ' would you be surprised to find an old friend coming to join us at Gloucester ?' Miss Peggy glanced up in rather a frightened fashion— for Colonel Cameron was also sitting out here in the warm, still night, contentedly smoking his cigar. Queen Tita caught sight of that quick look— the glow from the open door of the saloon falling full on the girl's face. 44 No,' said she, gravely, ' it isn't Mr. A' Beckett. It is strange we have heard' nothing of him of late. You haven't heard, Peggy?' 44 No,' said Miss Peggy, instantly. ''Why should I?' 44 Oh, well, I thought lie might have some more informa tion to send you,' her hostess remarked, in a general kind ot way. ' I don't think we 6tudy the guide-book6 as closely as weought. However, it isn't Mr. A' Beckett. It's Mr. Duncombe. 'Oh, indeed,' said Miss Peggy. ' Thatjwill be very nice.' 'I am not sure ho is coming,' she continued, 'but we have telegraphed to him ; and you know how anxious he was to sec how the boat would answer in going down the Severn. So I shouldn't be surprised to find him turning up at Gloucester.' ' In that case,' said Colonel Cameron, with perfect good humour, ' I must clear out. I shall hate him heartily, I know, but still I've had my turn ? ' Oh, no, no, not at all,' Queen Tita said at once, and most anxiously. ' Surely, if this caravanserai of a thing has any recommendation, it ought to be able to take in another passenger, and easily. Why should not one of -ou gentlemen sleep in the saloon? Murdoch can make up an extra bed— he bas often had to do that for us on other boats ; and all that is necessary will be for you to choose amongst yourselves which is the earliest riser. 'What can be simpler than that?' ' And then his being on board would come in no well just now,' said Miss Peggy, with demure eyes. 44 There would be Captain Columbus, Murdoch, Mr. Duncombe, Colonel Cameron, you two, myself — yes, that would just be right we could take for our 'motto, 4 We are Severn.'' 44 Peg-cry,' says Mrs. Threepenny-bit severely, 44 this is business; 1 won't be interrupted by your irresponsible fri volity. Well, now, supposing Mr. Duncombe should be able to join us, he is the newcomer, and should take his chance' ? ' But I have had my turn of the cabin,' Colonel Came ron remonstrated, ' and I assure you I shall be most com fortable in the saloon. I should call the whole arrange ment the height of luxury' ? ' But your things are all in your cabin, and why should they be disturbed, Sir Ewen?' says she— and who is bold enough to dispute her will when her farthing rushlight of a mind shows us clearly what it is ? — ' Mr. Duncombe wss always an early riser. He used to get up and see that every thing was arranged about the boat and the day's travelling by the time the rest of us were ready tor breakfast. Peggy used to get up early, too,' the fiend continues, regarding the younger lady with a sweet and affectionate look. ' She was studying English history at that time — Runnymede and King John, Guy ef Warwick and Piers Gaveston, and the rest of tliem ; and the seclusion of the morning is good for study. She seems to have left off lately; but I suppose she will take it up again when we get to Gloucester or Bris tol. ls there any English history connected with Bristol ? If there isn't, Chatterton will do. Or the introduction of bird's-eye tobacco. Or the three sailors of Bristol city — indeed anything will do, when Peggy is bent on acquiring information. But in the meantime, Sir Ewen, you are in possession of the cabin ; it would be a great pityjfor you to move your things' ? 'Just as you please,' said he, ''though I don't know that it is wholesome training for a soldier to find himself fixed in such comfortable quarters. However, you must promise me one thing, that the moment you find me in the way, you will tell me.' ' Oh, yes, I will tell you,' said she, with a little laugh (and apparently she had now quite abandoned any hope or wish she may have formed about his returning to Alder shott). -'But you must not make fun of us, Sir Ewen. Everyone knows how fastidious officers are. Well, 1 don't wonder at it. Both they and their men suffer sufficient privation in time of war; 'and it is but natural that when they come home they should expect to be well treated. But everyone says that the military clubs are just the perfection of management; and when the officers of a regiment give a ball, the supper is sure to be most sumptuous; and then about their own dinners, well, I have heard how particular thev are ? ' 'And you know why they have to be particular about such things— and why they look after the affairs of their club ?' said he. ' It's because they are so poor. It's only the rich political fellows who can afford to let their club be managed anyhow. Oh. no, you niusn't blame us for being particular, you miOht even say we are penurious ? ' 'Penurious?' said 6he. 'Well, I don't know much about what the officers of other regiments may be; but I should say it was a charge not likely to be brought against the officejs of tho Highland regiments, at least, 6uch of them as are Highlanders.' An amazing remark, if one thinks of it; because it was quite irrelevant; and not only that, but it came from a person whose chief fear at the moment, as she professed, at least, was that the young lady under her care might be too strongly influenced in favour of these Highland people as here represented to her. How ever, Jack Duncombe was coming, we hoped, and that would cure all. Then she said ? ? ' I hope Murdoch is enjoying his night ashore Captain Columbus looks the kind of man who would know how to order a good supper for them. And that reminds me : Peggy, you and I shall have to be butler to-night — will you come 'and help me ? It's about soda-water time.' 'Won't you let me help too?' said Colonel Cameron, sing to follow them into the saloon. ' Oh; yes, I will let you help,' said she, cheerfully. ' I always fike you to mix my sleeping-draught for me, Sir Ewen, it is 'somtething recognisable then. Ae for poor Peggy, I don't know how 6he gets on at all. We haven't had any iced water on board Since ever we started.' 'Why, I haven't tasted 'iced- water all the time I have been in England,' said Miss Peggy, indignantly. ' I wouldn't . The ice in England isn't cold enough for a free- born American. Besides, I would rather go without it than be preached at.' ' And what have they been saying to you, you poor dear ?' observes Queen 'JL'ita — who is bu6v with tumblers, glasses, sodawater, cigar-boxes, spirit-6tands, biscuit baskets, and the like, while the tall young lady is drawing the red curtains across the windows and making everything comfortable for the night. 44 Have they been wounding your sensitive soul ? Well, never mind; preaching or no preaching, youieave ice-water alone, and keep the June roses in your cheeks.' Then, when this small community was entirely and enugly shut in from the dark and silent world without, there was a vague hint ventured about a game of whist, or vingt-et-un, or something of that sort. ' We should have to clear all these things off the table,' i-uid Mrs. Threepennybit, regretfully, 'and they are so handy. Peggy, why don't you bring out your banjo ? 'What has made you so lazy ? 'i'ou ought to be ashamed of yourself.' The fact was. Miss Peggy had hardly ever touched her banjo since Colonel Cameron came on board. Why, we hardly knew. We could perhaps have understood her not caring to ask us— before one who was comparatively a stranger to her— to join in any of her daft choruses; but there were plenty ot the old-fashioned plantation songs that suited Jier voice very well, and that have almost re covered from their vulgarisation of five-and-twenty years asro. Surely ' Mary Blane' is pathetic in its simple way. ' The Old Folks at Home' remains a favourite. There are many more ; and we knew that she knew them ; but some how Bhe had always seemed disinclined to open that leather ' case since Sir- Ewen Cameron joined us. And so she was on this occasion. _ ... .. „ . 44 It is so delightfullv quiet here,' she said, 'it is a shame to spoil it by that strumming.' ' I am quite sure Colonel Cameron .has never heard you sing 'Nelly Gray,'' Queen Tita suggested insidi ously. 44 And I should very much like to hear it,' said he. With that she immediately went and got the banjo, -and resumed her place on the couch ; then, with a few rippling ] notes of prelude, 6he began to sing ? There's a low preen valley on the old Kcntuckv shore, wnerc I've whiled many happy hours away— And very well she sang, too, if hardlv with the confidence she usually displayed. And when she had finished, and when Queen Tita was begging her to sing 44 The little old tog cabin in the lane,' Colonel Cameron said— 'Well, Miss Rosslvn, when I have the pleasure of re ceiving yeu two ladies in the north— when old Duncan— that is my factotum up there — gets your things out of the dog-cart, I shall be enormously disappointed if I don't see mat yellow leather case amongst them.' She looked up suddenly. ' A banjo at Inverfask ! ' she exclaimed, in a kind of awe- stricken way — as though the incongruity was Quite startling to her. ' H ' Why not ?' said he, simply. And surely stranger things than that have happened in this odd mixture of a world. {To be continued.) 