XVII. So, by tbenc Htrokes of good fortune, I am booomo heir of Oedaroliffe; and my dreams of power aud felicity aro nithin my group. It is now three days since tlic eounc in tlip court-room. The perjury wliicli I committed answered its purpose. After considerable discussion, Sinfire was acquitted ; and Henry's murderer still remains unknown. Even Sinfire's strong nerves were overthrown by the shock of John's terrible death, and whether or not she had previously intended to challenge my testimony, sho kt tho time pass by when sho could have d<mo so with effcct. Since then sho has remained at Faxon's house, where his wife waits upon her. But to-day I shall speak with her and learn her mind. What I have done has been done for her : that is my consolation. Even siiould she reject it, it will be a consolation still. Were the past weeks still in the future, would I pursue the same course f Well, I cannot argue from what I am to what I was. Up to the time when Sinfire appeared, my life had been all thought and speculation, but, so for as action was ooncornod, only a dull level of monotonous routine,-no memories, no anticipation, no events. Then, during one flying summer, I lived through the full I height and depth of my nature. The action and passion of a lifetime were oonoentratod in that little space. The torch flamed up royally for a moment; but now it flickers, and perhaps it will die out. Indeed, I feel an indifference stealing over me ; few terrors and few joys, could quicken my pulses now I have made trial of myself, and the result is not very satisfactory. I thought I had in me the making of a great man ; but a groat man is great for a lifetime,-not meroly for an hour. I have clearod my way, and am ready to begin my earner ; but, now that all else is won, the enterprise is lacking. Some men, it would seem, aro mockcd in their very creation .* thoy foel within them the stirrings of what seems to be a mighty soul : they follow its dictates, and, behold ! all that fine flame exhales away, and leaves nothing but dust and ashes. It was but the spectre of a mighty BOUI,-a will-o'-the-wisp, that tempts them to destruction. Yet there is one thing; that onu reanimate me, and perhaps stimulato me to fulfil the destiny I had imagined. If Sinfiro gives herself to me, I am happy, I am in heaven, and the powers of hell shall not prevail against mo. She is my life blood, ana the breath of my nostrils. Who she is. whence she comps, and for what end, I know not; but she has made herself my earth and my heaven, my space, my fate. Will she vanish as she came f The son sets, and darkness falls; bat anon the east is afire, and he comes again. But upon the night of her departure-if she depart -no dawn will ever rise. I cannot feel any confidence or security. She seems, when I fix my thoughts upon her, to be far off and still receding. I am crushed down by somt nameless oppression of evil visions. The ghosts of my dead brothers seem (o be lying in wait for me in the gloom. But Sinfite can rescue me: her soft white hand can save me. She is my God: I can look to no other. But if she fails me, what then? Well, there is still Saprani. This little blank book,-now no longer blank,-which I pioked up in an idle moment, and resolved to make a journal of, has but a few pages left, and when it is finished I shall not begin another. So does the Creator of men pick up the white leaf of their ignorant souls, and trace black marks upon it, and then fling it aside. But who reads thorn ? Angels, perhaps, and sigh at wh at they read; and devils read them, and tear them to pieoes, and laugh. But no soul interprets its fellow sooT: it cannot even interpret itself. It knows that it is no longer white, and that is all. Sinfire has been with me ; and now I am alone again. My library is cool and quiet, and the lamplight shines upon the backs of the books upon the shelves ; and yonder the door opens into the laboratory, which is dark ; and in these rooms my days and years have been rt, but not ray life; that has been lived chore. Is it immortal P It may be so ; but what is immortality to me f Will it give me Sinfire ? ' All the obstacles that separated us have disappeared,' I said to her. ' One after another, they are gone. If there is any other thing to keep us apart, it must be in you, and nowhere else. You know why I took that sin upon myself. Do you forgive it f' ' What sin r die naked. ' Perjury.' ' Oh, that ' Did you wish to die under a false accusa tion P said I. ' How do you know it wins false f' Blie re turned. 1 At nny rate, I know it.' ' Perhaps, then,' she snid, ' I niRy luivn wisliod to save Uio 0110 who was roully guilty. Why should I ho greatly oaro to live P The man who lind given my life ita object wius gone: what l\aa I to wait for f ' Then you loved him still F I exolaimod. Sho gave me a strange look. ' Loved him still! I never loved nim. From the time I first heard his name, I hated him.' ' Surely you did love him onoo. only too woll!' ' Have you thought so ill of mo as that!"' sho repliod, smiling a moment, 'I might liovo oxpocted it of the judge and the jury; but I supposed your oyes wore kooncr. If I wuro a man, I would believo in a miracle sooner than iu the dishonour of the woman I loved. No; you are wrong. I never saw Henry Main waring till I mot him hore.' 'Then why was he your enemy f I demanded, in astonishment. After a pause, she said, ' I will tell you n little RUiry, which will perhaps help you to understand it. A good many years ago, a gentleman, who had a wife and a little daughter, saw anothor woman, who was young and wonderfully beautiful. A man may love as many women as he pleases, bat he can bring honour to only one, at most; to all the rest his love means disgrace. This other woman returned Ids love, Knowing no harm; and she belonged to a people who have no Bocial rights, and who understand lovo and hate, and joy and grief, but not the niootiea of the law. After a time, they too had a little daughter. But after a year or two the mother learned that, though sho was a mother, die was not a wife; and she died, but sent the ohild to him. By and by tho man's wife died also, and ho was loft with liis two daughters, lie educated thorn both : but lie gavo tho older procodenoo over the younger, who, knowing noithor whenoo she came nor that her companion was her sister, accepted her position willingly and joyfully, as was her nature. . So they grow up togother, and lovod each other woll. But one morning tho elder took tho young-or to her room, and throw her arms round her neck, and kissed her, and then she showed her some papers she hod found, width revealed all the secret. ' Vou ere my sister,' sho said,-1 my darling sister ; and, whatever anyone may say or do, you are my equal, nnd whatever I have is yours. No one shall bo unjust to you while I live, and whoever is your enemy is mine too. You shall have uo shame that I will not share, and I will aoii ipt no honour that is not giventoyou as well!' Aftor that do you neod to bo told that I lovod my sister bettor than over P-batter t' an myself P' Of course I had perceivod from the first tlmt tho story she was tolling was her own story: nevertheless the passionate emphasis she g ive to tho last sentonco startled me. Up to tliat time, she had spoken with a curious imagina tive languor,if she wore following in fancy tho thread of a complication in which she felt no vital concern; but this demeanour \>anis1iod in a moment; she sat ereot and threw liar very lifo into the words. And then, too, a fore- glimpso of what was to oomeflashed ujKin mo, and I felt, rather than saw, the fatal error I had made. At last Homo one camo to oeurt her,-an elderly and reserved man, but wealthy ; and sho obeyed her father, and married him. Sho would have taken me to live with her, but I was needed at homo : her father Lad begun to realize that he was mino to, and to value me. Sho wrote me many letters. Her husbands affairs kept him mnoh away from lier. Then for a time-for somo months she did not write. I knew thero was mis chief on foot ; and when, at last, her letter cumc, I said nothing to any one, but left liontc that night, and was with her tho next day. ' She was alone : husband and lover both had abandoned hor. She (old mo what her lifo had been. There wore two ohapters in it: first she hod boon sold for money : then she had been betrayed for lovo. She told me all : it will never be told again : God knows it, and that is enough, for He can only under stand, and forgive,-and punish. I com forted her as much as a broken heart oan be comforted ; and another thing that gave hor happiness was that she was ill, and know she would not recover. We were sisters together again, and we used to laugh and chat, some times, as we did when wo were children: when there is aohopepeaoeoomes again. At other timeB she tola me about her love.-Oh, my (lister ! my darling sister!' She hid her fiaoe upon the cushion of the oouoh,-where that dead body had/lain a week before,-and wept like a summer storm. Her tears oca sod as abruptly. 4-a they had come, and she sat erect again, 'composed and stern, and spoko rapidly and coldly: ' At the end sho gave me the ring, and asked me if I ever met him, to ^return it to him, and to give him a moorage A It was a loving messago ; there was no reproach in it. I took the ring, and promised; an4 I made a romise to myself also, which I (did not tell or of. Afterwards I learned \from my father that this Henry Mainwaring was a relative of ours ; but perhaps he htm! not re cognized my sister as hi5 oousin, uUidor her married name. I did not tell my father that Henry was the man, for I meant toypuniah him myself, and in my own. way. YouUaiow the rest,-how much I sueoocdcd, and lhow mueh I failed.* V 6ho rose to her feet at this point, and I rose b1bo)l I thought she was going to leave mu: but, instead, she came a utep nearer, and laid one hand upon my shoulder. The exprcanion of her faoe waa ma. 1 It was you that made me hesitate until it was too liito,' said nhc. 41! Howl* 4 Only becausc you wore his brother.' It was Haid AO quietly and Hodly that n moment |M«nd before t comprehended the ngtoiftmtetiT that admiision. II wis DO delusion; die hod loved mc. But there was no invitation, no consent, in her eyes. Her hand, which had ttecaned to hold me, knit me bade. It was like balancing on the partition between 1/fe and death. 'Let me know what it is to be, Sinflrc,* Iitald. 'I fathom you less than ever. Are you angty that I misjudged you t My soul knew what my reanon questioned; you could not be yoamelf una not be pure. WOK it my perjury that offcudod yau! In what other way could I have kept you! And the sin is mine.1 ' Wliat do vou coll it, to keep me 1 Would you rather1 diod loving you, or despised you and Uvea V 4 Do you deapiae ma f ' Demise you I Oh, what I my to yonl* die cried out, in a voioe of mingled ana angnkh. 1 Why don't you Apeak t why Ao you hide ymurMlf from me f Was there no other way to dear sue than by staining me f Could you have told no other story of that night f Oh, Frank, Frank \ it was then that you lost me,-not when you orept upojk him in the wood and anot him through the heat^Bf believed then that you were an avenger \ b»t JHt witness box you revealod yourself an a mur&ri;%r. Even if vou had been nilent, and let them hang mc, I wfanld nave reioiocd in you, for love liven by seorifioe; as you had saved roc from the guilt of blooL I would nave saved vou from ita conscqucnce. OrJf you had taken my hand over hi* body, and said,' l^iavB done this for you !* I would have come to you fewer, and gone with you to (he end of the world! Bit you did not trutft mo i and the lie you told was 4 shameful and a timorous lie 1* ' So you were in the wood and saw meUll him f said I. 4 Yes, I naw it.' 41 witfh you had told me before,'I rejoined. *Bnt it is no matter now. I see that I have "*4* a mis take. You are right to go. By the way. the estate descended to me In toil, but on my decease without issue it foll« to the next of kin, which fi younelf. John's personality is already yours, by hfc will. As for Henry, be had not much resides his liiund that, an you *ay, 1 took from liim,-on yonraoSumt chiefly. That is all, I think, except my mother; Vhe wQl not loot long; will you gee that she dies in detent circum* stances I It would not be too exacting $ recompense for having taken from her her three tons and the estate of Cedarcliffe.' She looked at me a long time. Idotxit know what she nought, or what xhe found. But eil passion and Buffering had burnt themselves out fa me, I stood there, wishing that ahe would go aad leave me in peace. I knew that she had never been more beauti ful ; but her beauty could not be there. And at last, in truth, she was not there; and as Jreseated myself in my chair I wan inclined, half In jfst, to ask myself whether *uch a creature as Sinflre ever really existed. I might doubt it, but for one litfe thing that she wiid at parting, iurt, the moment before she disaj^ peared. She said No; I will not write it down. Let me take that one thing away with me, untouched. * * * . » . And now for B&prani;, my Queen of Cobras! Faith ful are the wounds of a friend. Ah* Mprani, I was foolish to wander from you. There is a virtue in your cold, sharp kiss that makes all other caresses TUB lad. 