THE NEW YEAH HOLIDAY, After a week of most unsettled weather New Year's Day was fino and warm. Monday wuh cqunlty suitablo for outdoor enjoyment, as rain hold off nil day although nt times thoro wcro omniouH clouds and a glaring heat which betokened thunder. However, 110 rain fell and tho result was that Toowoomba received a greater complement of visitors than on any previous holiday. This was seen by tlio stato of our Btroots in the early part of tho day, and tho numerous 'ntlondunco nt tho first public ovont wlnoh took placo at 9 o'clock, whon tlio foundation slono of tho now Presbyterian Sabbath school was hud. Later in tlio day thcro wuh a vaht attcndanco at Ino C'nlo .donian Socioty's Sports, which for mimcroiin attcndanco was tmparallcd. Fully four thou sand pcoplo woro prosont, and tho sports passed off without accident or any serious complaint oithcr on the partof competitors, or spectators. Tho following aro full re>orts of tho day's events:— Laying tho Foundation Stono of St. Stephen's Presbyterian Sabbath Sohool. On Monday morning shortly nftor nino o'clock a very interesting ceremony was per formed on tho ground at tho rear of tit. Stophon'a Presbyterian Church. This was tho laying of tlio foundation utono of a now Sunday school in connection with tho church. Tho building is to bo of brick nnd it in being crcctod to tlio plans and tinder tho gratuitioim supervision Of Mr. Marks, architect of this town, and its estimated cost is .£520. The main school room will moasnro G8ft. bv 25ft., nnd at tho end thoro will bo a platform measuring 25ft. by lift. Tho front clovatiou will contain a donblo door with a window 011 caoh sido and a circular light in tho ccntro over tho top. Thcro will also bo a doublo door on tho side, and along tho length of this olovation thoro will bo fivo windows, and ventilators so that thero will bo ample light nnd ventilation. Judging from tho plans tho school whon finished will present a very neat and substantial uppearancor Tho ceremony was performed by tho Hon. W. II. Grooui, iu tho prosonco of nt loost 1000 pcoplo including tho school children and tho whole of tho Quoonslnnd Scottish Rifles, who woro iti cnuip on tho Calodonian Socioty's grounds. Tho volunteers, to tho number of about 150, and headed by thoir pipers' band marched to tho command of Captain Grant nnd tho othor officers from tlio encampment to tho church. Itipido tho church grounds and on tlio left flank of tho general assembly they woro drawn up in lino during tho ceremony. A platform was raised near tho sito of tho foundation stono. and on it wore the Rev. Charles Ogg, Moderator of tlio Presbyterian Assembly of Queensland, tho Rov. J. CrookuLon, tho Hon. W. H. Groom. Mr. Robertson, tho Suporintcn- of dout tlio Sunday School, several of tlio teaohcrs, and a goodly number of ladies. Tho Rov. W. lliglott was also prosont. Tito school children woroassombled near thostono and over it floated tho handsome banner of tho sohool. Tho proceedings bogan bv tho Rov. 0. Ogg giving out tho psalm "All pcoplo that on earth do dwell" which was sung to tho tuno of tho Old Hundredth, and then tho Rov. J. Crooksion engaged in prayer. Aftorwaras ho school to road Mb report. Mr. S. C. W. Robinson then road tlio report which wo publish as an interesting history of tho Proflbytoriau Sabbath school movement in Toowoomba. It is as follows : — " Our Sabbath school was cstablinhed in tho Sjnrl8(j5 during tho pastorate of tho lato Rov. r. Nelson. Tlio want of this institution had beon much felt by tho Presbyterians of tlio town, nnd although tho difficulties connected with tho establishment of a school in tliono early days of tho colony with its smalt ,md ovor changing population wcro considerable, tho Rov. Doctor succeeded in finding about half-a-dozon earnest workers who wcro> willing to ongago In tho duties of Sabbath school teaching. Tlio attcndanco of scholars on tho first Sabbath upon which tho school wan open was soven, which number rapidly incre.iped, and tho first superintendent was Air. Stirling. Wo notice from an early report of tho school that a portion of its slender resources was dovotod to tho aid of tho Day Spring Misbion to tho New Hebrides. Wo regret that our own requirements of lato years havo not allowed us to do much in tlio way of aiding anything not connected with onr own school. In tho your 1877 tho first attempt to systemati cally classify tho school for examination in Biblical knowledge was mado, and found so satisfactory that tho plan with slight alterations nt various times is still followed. In tho samo year a branch school was founded nt Gowrio Crook, at tho earnest roqnost of tho ProHby- toriuuR of that district. Mr. Joseph Stirling, assisted by Air Jno. H. Munro, undertook tho mnnngomont and for a considerable timo con tinued to go out from Toowoomba to carry on tlio work. With tho exception of ono slight chock this branch school has had a prosperous carcor, nnd is at tho present timo in a flourish ing condition and doing good work. After tlio erection of tho now stono church in Ncil-strcot. tho contral school continued to uso tlio old building in James-stroot, tho nnsnitabiUty of whioh has been a sonrco of growing dis satisfaction aliko to teachers and scholars, which feeling wo think cxcnKablo seeing that tho building is old and dilapidated, much too small, ami away from the ccntro of tho town. Believing that abeginning, oven though smull, was advisablo it was rosolvcd at a meeting of tho teachers hold in March. 1SS5, that tho sum of £5 bo sot apart from tho general funds to form tho naclons of a bnilding fnnd for a now Sabbath school. This was immediately at tended to by tho Trcasuror, but up to tho pre sent no offort had been spared by tho teachers to increase this littlo fund. Owing to tho heavy debt 011 tho church tho congregation could not bco its way to mako an effort for tho erection of a new sohool building, although fully recognising tho neccRsity for tho samo until nt tho nnnuafcongregutionnl meeting in January, 1887, whon it was resolved that an ofl'ort bo mado during tho year 1887 to collect funds for tho oroction of n now Sabbath school. A largo and influential committee was formed, bat In coiiRoqucnco of tho depression then oxiHting and conscnuont scarcity of monoy nothing was dono by that committco. As, howover, tho old building was getting bo out of ronair, it was unanimously resolved at a teachers, meoting held in October last that a vigorous effort bo forthwith made by tho toachors to raiso tho funds necessary to begin tho work. Subscription lists wcro immediately issued, and a'building committco formed consisting of tlirco members from tho charch committco of inanngomcnt and thrco of tho teachers. In tho mcanttmo Air. Alarks, Architect, gene rously promised to provido plans and specifica tions and superintend tho erection of tho building frco of chargo to tho school. This very lianduomo donation will bo romembercd with grntitudo by all concorncd. Undor tho supervision of Air. Alarks, tondora wcro called .i-il-li +lm rnuiilf flinf 1 fl wrn-n wnnfc »»i. and that of AIosBra. Patorson and Honderaon for .£520 accepted, it being considered tho most favorable. It is cause for deep thank fulness to God that to-day wo aro assembled to lay tho foundation stono of our new bnilding under such favorablo circumstances. Tlio committco would here, too, tender its sinccro thanks to all who havo assisted in this work cither by subscriptions or promises of help. As much yet remains to bo dono, however, it is hoped that tho same support will be extended until our new school stands amongst us entirely frco from debt. From tho establish ment of tho school to the present timo tho following gentlcmon in tho order named havo been tlio Superintendents — Messrs. Jos. Stir ling. tho lato Mr. D. Alelntyre, G. W. Elliott, J.'ll. Robertson, J. Raff, J. K. Pomfret, tho offfco at present being filled by Mr. J. H. Robertson. Tho school has had u long list of well-known names as teachers which list it is not necessary to detail hero as thn names havo appeared in tho church reports from time to timo. Tho school at present has a roll num bering 180 scholars with an average attondanco of 130. Tho teachers at presentaro Alcsdamcs Crooksion and AIcKnight, Misses Hood, Prevail, M. Mnnro, Bailey, Stirling. Moffatt, Smart, Hawkins; the Rev. J. C'rookston, Alegars. J. H. Robertson, W. Gcddes, J. T. Provati, S. C. W. Robinson (Secretary), H. Hattoii (junr)., D. C. Black, J. Al. Hunter (Librarian), John Gcddes, A. Provan (Trea surer)— -total 20 at tho central school besides at Gowrio Creek, Alisses K. Walker and E. Tolmio, amlAIr. Alayes, Superintendent. Tho names of tlio building committco aro Messrs. J. H. Robertson, Fred. Robinson, Jas, Black burn. Jolm H. Alunro, S. C. W. Robinson, and A, Provan. During its existence a period of almost 23 years, tho school has dono good work, and has, wobeliovc, been blessed by tlio Great Alastor whoso wo aro aud whom wo servo. A large number of scholars has passed through it. Of theso, many aro grown to manhood and womanhood, and nro still amongst us honorably and creditably discharging tho duties of responsible positions. Mnny othors havo gono elsewhere and arc now pursuing their lifo work amid other scenes, whilst somo havo paved within tho veil and shall not return. Tho latter class includes moro than scholars, uud wo would hero pay alrilmto of respect to tlio names of two ministers who will long l»o remembered in connection with St. Stephen's Sabbath School. Wo speak of tho Rov. Dr. Nolson aud tho lato Rov. W. S. Rathjcn. Both havo been called homo. Tho former rests at Southport, and tlio latter in our own quiet burial ground n fow milos from here. In laying tho foundation stono of thn new school building— larger, moro central, uml more in keeping with tlio great ness ol the work wo nro engaged in— our prayer would bo in tho words of Solomon of old at tho dedication of tho tomplo "Yet havo thou respect unto tho prayor of thy servant and to his nupplication, O Lord, my God, to hearken unto the cry nnd to tho prayer which thy servant prayctn boforo thco to-day— that thino oyes may bo opened towards this houso night and day oven towards tho place of winch thon hast said my narao shall ho thcro"— 1 Kings VIII 28-29. For and on bohnlf of St. Stephen's Presbytorian Sabbath School J. II. Robertson, S. C. W. Robinson, Alox. Provan, mib-comimttco appointed to draw up report to go in tho stono. Tlio foundation stono of .St. Steuben's Now Presbyterian Sabbath School building was laid on Alonday, 2nd January, 1888 (eighteen hundred and oighty- olght), by tho Hon. W. II. Groom in tho preecnco of tho officers, and teachers and scholars of tho members of tho congregation, tho Queensland Scottish Rifles — Brisbano, Ipswich, and Toowoomba— tho Darling Downs Caledonian Society, and a section of tho general public. Tho following articles aro do- posited in tho bottle besides this roport : — Coins of tho rcnlm, a copy each of tho Too iroomhn Chronicle and Darling Downs Gazette, and a short financial statement by tho Trea surer." Mr. J. R. Rohortson thon nddrosslng Air. Groom said : Mr. Groom, ns Snporintondont, of St. Stephen's Presbyterian Sunday School, I havo bcon ankcd by tho Building Committoo to invito you now to prococd with tlio coromony of laying our foundation-stono. Knowing as I do, tho intcrcrtt you luivo always taken in educational establishments I think I am right in saying that tho work you havo undertaken to-day will bo n congenial ono, nnd I now thank you for tho cordial manner in which you ncceptod tho Invitation to pt.form this duty. Somo pcoplo may think that tho oroc tion of a Sunday School is not of nuch im portance that a spociul ceremony Hhouhl bo associated with tho opening of tho soil and planting tho firt stono. From that opinion I d ffer, for Ibclioro that tho Sabbnth school of to-day is co-equal with tho church. 1 would ovon go furthor, and say that in somo respects it In suporior, and whon 1 mention that tho building wo purpose erocting will bo used by a school thnt iR closely identified with tho riso and progress of this ino mostimportant inland town in Queensland, and furthor, it has been an important factor iu tho education of mnny who nro tho men and womon of to-day, I think you will admit wo cannot overcstiroato its importance, and I sincerely hopo with inoroasod accommodation and better facilities for carry- ing on its work its influcnco for good in tho fntnro will bo felt in an oven greater dcgrco tlian in tlio past. 1 havo now, sir, great pleasure in presenting this handnoino trowel to you, with which you will so lay thostono that itH firmness anu stability will lion symbol of tho purity, uprightness, and linting natnro, of tho principles that wo nro dosirous of im parting to tho children placed under our enro —principles I may say that nro based on that infallible gnido tlio Word of God. Air. Groom was thon presented with a silver trowel which boro tho following inscription :— "Presented to tho Hon. W . H. Groom, Spcukorof thoLcgislativo AsKombly of Qnociis- land, on tho occasion of laying tho foundation- stono of tho new Sabbath school of St. Stephen's Presbyterian Church Toowoomba, January 2nd 1838." Tho stono was then lowered into its place, nnd latd by Mr. Groom who declared it to bo well nnd truly laid iu tiio namo of tho Father in tho name of tho Son and in tho namo of tho Holy Ghost. After inyingltho stono Mr. Groom addressing tho largo gathering said ho sincerely thanked tho Committco of St. Stephen's Presbyterian Sabbath school for tho honor thoy had con- forrcd in asking him to lay tho foundation- stone of tho now building. It was pcrhnps in the fitness of things that tho Spenkor of a LegiHlativo As«ombJy should bo asked to lay tho foundation stono of a Sabbath school, hocauso in a constitutional sonso tho Speaker stood between tho Crown and Parliament, to tako caro that no rights wcro onfringod on cither sido, and that tho rights of both uhould bo protected. It was in accordance with tho privileges which thoy enjoyed, through a long period of good relationship between tho Crown and tho ParPamcnt and tho pcoplo thnt thoy mot on that tfiad occasion to lay tho fonnda- tion- stono of a building in which tho childron could bo trained in tho ways of rollgion, with out fear and with perfect freedom. Mr. ItobertRon had rightly told thom that ho (Air. Groom) took a great interest in educational matters. Ho trustod ho always would, and in any other movement which had for its aim tlio truo wclfaro of tho pcoplo in Toowoomba nnd in tho colony as a wholo. Tho timo was not inop- portuno when it was tho close of tho glorioim J ubtlooyearof Queen Victoria, nor tho occasion out of placo at tho laying of tho foundation stono of a Sabbath school, to tako a retro spective glanco at tho educational progress mado during tho reign of her Majesty tho Queen. Hor Afajcsty ascended tho throno in 1814\. In tho year 1650 thero wero 1,593,000 children attending tho echools of Great Britain ; in 1875 that number had in creased to 2,505,000 nnd in 1885, tho total nttendnnco was 4.330,000. Tlio iucroaso of school children in 1875 had been 70 por 1 cont., or seven times faster than that of popu- j lation, whilo school buildings hud bcon oroctcd under tho Education Act of tho lato Right Hon. W. E. Foratcr, throughout Great Britain capablo of giving teaching accommodation to 0,500,000 childron. Last year tho Houso of Commons voted for public instruction £4,500,000, and as a resnlt of this progress of public education thoy would bo surprised to hear that last year in Great Britain 11 gaols woro sold by auction bccauso thoro was no furthor uso for them. (Applaueo). A hotter illustration of tho benefits of education conld not bo adduced. (Hear, hoar). Tho consump tion of liquor, too, through public instruction permeating tho masses, was decreasing. Tho uccrcnso had been most marked during the past four years. It had been so great that in tho year 1880 the British rovonuo wuh £2,500,090 less than in 1835, und tlio eases of drunkenness brought beforo tho magistrates in 18S5 woro 0000 fowor than tho avorngo number dealt with in each of tho preceding four years. Tliat was tho progress of educa tion in Kncrland durinir tho nast 50 vcarH. but what had tho progress boon in Quoonslund during her history as u self- governing colony ? Thirty-ono years ago, as somo of his hearers would remember, tho ground on which thoy stood, and in fact tho wiiu'o of Toowoomba was an almost impenetrable bush. Ifo, in coinpnny with other old residents, had to cross tho hills at tho southern end of tho town to reach tho older settlement of Drayton, bccauso it was imiio.ssildo to pass what was then tho swamp. In these, comparatively snoaking fow years, what progress had been raauo especially ui education? Queensland, at tlio cud of 1637. had an cstimutcd population of 380.009, and lust session tho Legislative Assembly voted £205,257 for public instruction. They had 418 Stato schools, a staff of 1318 tcachorrt, aud 00,009 children enrolled on tho school books. In udditlon to this number 0070 youths and girls weru attending privnto schools — 1930 of whom wcro girls— ami 505 students, hoys and girls attending the Grammar Schools of tho colony, the parents of whom voluntarily con tributed iu fees in 1880. tho sum of £9,019. Tho schools of art hu recognised as educational institutions, and ho was looking forward to tlio timo when through them technical educa tion throughout tho colony would cnguga a deep and permanent interest. There wero 50 schools of art in Queensland, and at theso institutions thcro wcro 72,939 volumes of books, nnd a membership of 3,500 members in tho north, and 7,009 monikers in tho south of tho colony. Theso wero most gratifying statistics as showing tho progress of education in Queensland, and to complcto their system they only romiirod a university. For many years ho had hold tho opinion that Queensland should havo hor own mriycrBity, aud tho timo wps now, \q boliovod, fully ripo for thuir educational system to bo crowned by such un institution. Thoy had 35 young Quccnslaudors us students in tho Melbourne and Sydney Univorsitios, besides others in tho homo uud continental institutions oflcarmng. It win an established foot which nono would dtspulo, that it was " righteousness which exalteth a nation," and all history hud proved tliul whenever a nation or a pcoplo had forsakon tho'( ruths of Divine religion, that nation had fallen into decay. But history had also showed tliat generally when atheism grow tho moro rampant a religious rovivul generally sprung up to coun teract it. If it was truo that righteousness oxaltod a nation, it was a nation's duty to pay duo regard to religious matters. Ho would yiold to nono iu lus opinion that tlio Biblo should bo read inourpuhliu schools, and hnhud maintained that for many years. (Hear, hear.) When tho Education Act of 1875 wah passing through Parliament thero wuh a strong ex pression of opinion on this question but it was nd verso to tlio rending of tlio Bihlo. Onco tnoro ho would assort his opinion that tho Biblo ought to bo rcud in all tho public schools of tho (Applauso.) It wuh a pleasure to notico tho growth of public opinion in this direction, for whon the Education Estimates wcro beforo Parliament n short time ago member after member, who iu tho past wan opposod to tho opinion, earnestly ad vocated tho reading of tho Bible in tho schools — (applause)— and ,ho trustod tliat beforo another session was over that thoy would sco tho necessary step In this dircetiou taken. For tho school tho foundation stono of which ho had just laid, ho wished ovory suceoss. IIo hoped it would uimvor tlio expectations of tho most pauguino, and ho trusted that tho tonuh- ingH inculcatod thoroin would ho for tho advancement of tlio moral and religious wel fare of tho community. (Applause.) Air. A. Provan, as treasurer to tho school, road a financial statement whioh showed that tho OBtimatcd amount of subscriptions, of which £80 was fn band, was £109 ; tho valuo at maturity of thrco shares iu No. 5 Bnilding Socioty — £150 ; aiid tho baluuoo to bo mado np£210l making tho £520, tho total cost of tho school. < Tho Rov. J. Crnokston then announced that a collection would bo mado, and ho noxt pro ceeded to movo a hearty voto of thanks to tho Hon. W. H. Groom for lnyin tho ntono. In doing so ho eaid Toowoomba was under a debt of gratitude to Air. Groom for tho many sorviccH and notions ho hud rendurod to tlio town. It was indeed a healthy sign whon loading publio mon liko him camo forward to holp in such works ns thoy luid in hand, nnd so long as publio men took this interest tho colony had nothing to four for tho religious wolfaro of tho people, (Apphinpo.) Air. Groom briefly acknowledged tho com- filimont nnd tlmnkod tho CotntmUco for tho landsomo presentation they hud mado to him. Ho should ovor treasure it ns ono of tho most pleasing mementos of liis publio lifo. Air. John H. Alnnro thon. in tho namo of the Committoo, most heartily tlmnkodthoQuoons- land Scottish for thoir prosonno thero that day, nnd which had m largely contributed to to tho succors of their undertaking. Tlio Rov. Charles Ogg cnllcu for throo chcors for tho Queensland Scottinn, which wcro most lustily givon. n» wcro also- throo ohoers for hor Alujosty tho Queen. A collection was talc on up, during #hinhtho school childron sang to tho tuno of tho National Anthem, " God bless our Sunday school." Tho gifts on tho stono and collec tions amounted to £22. successful oharaotor. throughout, dosed with tho singing of tlio: Doxofogy and tho pro- noimcinga by tho Rov. Charles Ogg of tho Benediction. As tho Queensland Scottish woro leaving tho grounds, each member of tho corps was presented by Air. Alexander with a spray of real Scotch hoathcr, rocontly brought by him from Scotland. Each Sunday sohool soholar, was also prosontcd with an illuminated card bearing an inscription commomorativo of tho oceusion. 