Premature Burial. A Singular-Case Which Occurred in Paris. Another case of Premature burial worthy of being analysed in the realistic manner of Zola has occurred in France. An elderly woman who lived at an Old World place called St. Ouen La Koucrie recently fell ill and, as her friends thought, died. The funeral took place, and a3 the grave digeer was preparing to lower the coffin into the earth he heard moans issuing from inside the lugubrious fourboards inclosing the presumed corpse. Then followed a scene which was an exact counterpart of whac occurred about twelve months ago in another rural part of France. The grave digger, half frightened of the probable ghost which bis imagination conjured np and partly awed by the require ments enacted by the law in circumstances such as those in which he found himself placed, left the coffin in the care of the mourners and went off with his somber story to M. le Maire. Thut. rural dignitary, having duly donned his scarf of office and summoned the viliage doctor, proceeded to the local “ God’s acre.” the coffin was opened, and it was discovered that the woman had just died from fright, having awakened from a trance to find herself hemmed in between the terrible deal planks. When horrible scenes like tbis are repeated it is time for the authorities and public at'large to take into consideration the invention of the ingenious undertaker who has adopted as his motto, “ No more premature burials.” This practical person offers to supply to all cases of doubtful death an apparatus by me&ns; of which those who may have had the mis fortune to bo buried alive may not only inbale fresh air on their awakening, but also communicate by signal with the world which has left them for dead. Dr- S. P- Necklevitch has reoently died at Lozki, in the Novogrudsky District, Russia, in his 109th year. His death occurred quiet suddenly, • as, about a quarter of' an hour earlier, he wrote a prescription for one of his patient3. _ • The Chinese are entering the English book market as purchasers of their own litera .tore; and it is said that .Chinese works are constantly sent back to China, the sale being sufficient to encourage this. - There were G0,G36 births in Paris last (year. There were 57,092 deaths daring the same period, of which more than 10,000 were due to pulmonary diseases. One can scarcely credit the fact that the result of a collection from a large and well-dressed congregation at Canterbury Ca thedral, England, recently, was only 14s, 