OUT OFTHE DEPTHS A TALE OF TERROR. CHAPTER XXVI. rtefi&k; lereau has a furfobe. rierro Lcroau reached Dauphmo- treet quite satisfied with the cod eluding part of hia night's adrcnturoa. Joseph had been used as an instru ment on various occasions, and Piorro had been disposed to consider him an accommodating dupe with aa cosy conscience, which, like a weather- vane, would turn to any quarter at the first breath of gain. Ho had at times suspected him of knowing too much | but tho coachman's careless manner and persistent silence had disarmed his suspicions. It was all right now, however. Joseph, he con soled himself, bad taken his last drink, and was suffering tho pains of dissolut'on. In tho morning ho would bo found cold and stiff upon tho straw. Such were his reflections as ho cast himsolf upon his bed. Then came remembrance of the sailorand Made moiselle Merigny. He rc-folved to explore and learn tho mystery of that gloomy house, whither, he beliored, ho had traced tho latter. Ho would know what it contained and whom. 'Tbo next day ho effected a stealthy entrance into a vacant tcnemont, opposite the dwelling about which ho was so much exercised. Ho watched until sunset, and saw nothing to re ward his vigil. The shutters re mained closed, and tho street-door was not onco opened. If anyono went out during the timo of his sur veillance, they must have left by a rear door, and flitted away toward tho Old Barrack, to avoid observation. Though disappointed, Piorro was not discouraged. Ifedccideduponaboldor, moro decisive expedient. Waiting till night was far advanced, ho procured a louder, which ho carricdalongdistancc on bis shoulder through unf reauentca streets and lanes, till ho rcacuod tho theatro of operations. After somo mental debate respecting its probablo safety, ho finally placed tho ladder to a back window. Ho mounted slowly, and not with out anxiety. Ho was awaro that ho was incurring no trifling risk. Should he bo discovered, any motive but tho right one would bo attributed to him; but after proceeding bo far, ho in tended to seo tho adventure con cluded. Bcachingthc window-sill, ho listened beforo trusting his hwd above it; then, hearing nothing, ho took courage. With a chisel he forced up the window, and raised it to tbo desired height. Tho shutter wcro still dosed, but wero readily pushed open. After re maining quiet a few moment, to seo if his movements had excited any disturbance, hostoppedfromtho ladder into the house, and found himself in complete darkness. SUenco still pro- railing, he drew a dark lantern from his pocket, and, unmasking it, turnod its aright focus carefully about tbo room ; there was no sign of human life, or anything clao savo dost, cobwebs, and a few crippled articles of antique furniture. Pierre opened tho first door ho came to, and entered an upper hall cr corridor. Thus far ne hod seen nothing to indicate that tho place had inmates ; but now, closing his lantorn, and looking along the space before him, he saw a ray of light streaming from a 'door slightly ajar. To this «igu of human presence ho cautiously udvanccd. lfo now made a discovery that satisfied somo of his doubts. He «aw Mademoiselle Merigny, en det - huLiUf , sitting at a table, reading by the light of a wax-candle. Pierre was favoured with a good view of her face and person. He hod seen her casually before, but not so as to im press him with her beauty ; now it burst upon him like a soft and glorious sunset. Villain as he was, he could not contemplate the pleasing picture without emotion. He was unwilling to tarn frpm a vision so attractive, and stood there some minutes, held by tho enchantment of Edna. Had she seen those eyes, her white shoulders would have crim soned, and her cheeks flushed with maiden fear. With a bitter regret for tho unat tainable, Pierre resumed his explora tions, which bad thus far been satisfactory. No light streamed beneath the next door, which was but a few pace from the other, and which he felt a strong desire to open. It waa not locked ; it yielded gradually to his manipulations. lie listened, and bearing nothing to excite distrust, opened his lantern. There were various objects in the room, but he saw but one, and bis eyes rested oa that with an incredulity and terror that baiHo description. His limbs shook under him, his eves dilated, and his respiration was for an instant suspended. The spectacle that so wrought on Pierre was Catholina, calmly sleeping the sleep of innocence. Tranquility and peace were mirrored on her reposing features. Her breath ing waa so soft, that she scarcely seemed to live. To Pierre the snowy whiteness of her faco looked like death — but death exalted and glorified. Pierre was disposed to consider this not a reality, but a supernatural exhibition to rebuke him for his sins. He retreated, shuddering; but not till he had shut his eyes, and leaned a little while against the wall, till he could summon sufficient strength to fly from the house. Ho glided, trembling, from the corridor, with chilled blood and awed spirit. It waa wonderful that he had proaonce of mind enough to cacapo from tho houao without creating a general alarm ; but tho ever-present instinct of cunning did not entirely desert him. He groped from tho window, and down the ladder in somo manner, he could not tell exactly what ; but aa soon aa ho reached the ground, ho ran away as fast as ho eould. Exorcise and cool air soon began to restoro him; ao he stopped to think. He recollected, that be had left tho ladder against the bouse, and tho window opon ; and ho retraced his steps to ropair the oversight. Had ho consulted his in clinations, ho would not havo gono hack ; for ho believed it possiblo that he might again see that unearthly spectacle. By tho time ho reached tho bouac, a few qualifying doubts had gained ac cess to his mind ; and a wholesome doubt is the beginning of truth. Resolutely shuttiug his ores, ho mounted tho ladder, closed tho shut- ten and tho window, modo a precipi tate desoent, and felt that ho had acted discreetly. Carrying tho ladder toward the neighbourhood of tho Old Barrack, ho hid it behind a fence, and started for Hanpbino-stroct, his nervous svatem greatly disturbed. Arrived there, and safely shut in, with hi lamp lighted, tho doubt which has been mentioned began to ossumo the dimensions of plausibility. Iho dead, he reasoned, seldom revisit tho earth. Ghosts are usually considered things of tho imagination. Ho— Pierre— had never seen a ghost. Disembodied creatures mast be very rare. They wero universally scoffed at, while secretly held in terror, by mankind He considered tho manner of Caro lina's death. Her sudden seizure by fever, and her decease within tho space of a few hours, wero matters now mentally dissected by tho thoughtful Pierre. Then thoro was the circumstance of tho two carriers, which hod never been satisfactorily accounted for. Was it not moro pro bable, ho asked himaelf, that Catho lina had escaped through tho agoncy of Doctor Merigny, than that she hod cotno back a " dim-sheeted ghost," to h&unt; him ? These cogitations, white they calmed hia superstitious fears, excited others of a moro worldly cha racter. If Merigny had baiUcd tho assassin, and still lived, ho plainly perceived that there would bo a grand denouement at no very distant period. Pierre drank copious draughts of brandy, and sot forth for his master's cbatea u, with a fixed purpooo in his mind. CHAPTER XXVII. RAYMOND BECOMES DECISIVE. The day spent by Pierre Leroau in watching tho old mansion near the barracks was passed by Raymond Do VillanviUo mostly in bis room, in serious meditation. By 10 o'clock tbo following morning bo hod decided upon a somewhat bold stop. Ho went directly to tho place whero he had last seen Mademoiselle Merigny ; and standing before the identical door which hod opened to receiro her oa that eventful night, ho knocked deter minedly, and waited for a response. No ono came, and ho renewed the knocking, resolved not to suspend his efforts till be had obtained tbo usual answer to such demands. After a long delay, a woman came; it was Suzanne, though quite unknown to Raymond. "You have been making a great noise. shesa id. " Go away at onco, and do not disturb us more, We are very quiet people, and have no visitors." " I beg your pardon. Inform MaHo- moiselle Slerigny that one Monsieur Raymond wishes to see her." " Monsieur Raymond most be mis informed. There are no mademoiselles hero." Suzanne was about to close the door, but the young man prevented her. " It will not do, madame. I know that she in here, and I will not go till I have seen her. Forgive my rude ness ; but I will not allow this door to be shnt 1 will stand on this threshold till tor hare delivered my message to the lady." I will cry for help," threatened Suzanne, "and my husband will come with a pistol. 1 never saw such pre sumption." " It is not your husband that I want, madame. I have told you my wishes will you compel me to go in and seek- her myself? Raymond poshed open the door, and stepped across the threshold. Poor Suzanne was bewildered and terrified by this bold behaviour. " I shall have to scream !" the said, warningly. "I know there'll be bloodshed. My husband is dreadful savage/ At that moment Mademoiselle Me rigny herself appeared. There was a slight flush of resentment opon her face. She looked haughtily at Ray mond, who did not flinch, but bowed gravely. " Mademoiselle," be said, " my pre sumption jcatiy provokes your anger ; but I deemed it necessary to see you. I entreat you to favour mo with a few moments conversation." Edna motioned to Suzanne to shut the door, then pointed Raymond to a room at his rigot. She did not speak. Her silence was an eloquent reproof. Her white finger next indicated a seat. "Midomoiielle, I dare not ait while tout face is clouded with displeasure. 1 am aware that you desire to live here undisturbed. I xnow there is a great mystery over you. The singular pledge which I gave your brother was of itself sufficient to excite suspicion. Mademoisello Merigny, I havo nod no peace since I first saw you. Your image has gone with me ovcrywhore. I havo been haunted — haunted by vou. It was impossible to exist longer without speaking to you. I resolved that I would not loro you longer in secret, but that you should know of the flame your loveliness and amiability has kindled." "And so monsieur, you take our houeo by storm, to talk of love?" Edna'bit her lip, and her voice was icsb indignant than Raymond expec ted it to be. " Is it, then a crimo to love so much as to OTcrlcap the conventional barriore of society ? Would you have a tamo weak lorcr? Is not tho gomiineds of love to be tested by its daring ?" " You briog me, monsieur, what I have not asked for,' returned Edna coldly, quietly seating herself. " if know it," exclaimed tho young man. "I was sure it would bo so ; but I felt that 1 had no right to loro vou without telling you of it. My love might prove a curse to you ; ay, it might bo like tho bite of a serpent." Raymond spake with aU the im petuosity of youth and earnestness. Words flowed from his tongue liko water; his pyesclowixl with excite ment ; while his features worked with emotion. " I have Doctor Paul," said Edna uneasily. "That is selfish folly," exclaimed Raymond. " He is your brother. There is a love passing tho lovo uf brother, that leaves natural ties in finitely in tho distance— that beg gars consanguinity — that fltos higher than heaven — that over tops all other human sentiments. It is this passion that transforms mo ; that fills mo with pleasure and n with pain ; that gives joy and sorrow, hopo and despair, ccstacy and agony, whue tho last is greatest. But you behold my tortures with calmness, my mad ness with serenity. Ah, mademoi selle, I thought you had soft pity, that your eyes would melt with com passion! The impotuosity of my wooing has confounded you." " Monsieur, monsieur, you do mo injustice. 1 am not tbo heartless creature you imagino. I do not look with indifferenco upon your madness; but, believe me, time will euro it. I have heard that theso violent paroxysms do not long endure. Go, good Raymond, go !" Edna was nowncrsclf agitated. Tho commotion in Raymond's blood had communicated to her. " You wound while you attempt to heal. You are deci'ivjd; my passion is as lasting as life ; it wiil'dio only when the vital spark goes out." " Enough 1" said Edna, sighing un consciously. "I have heard thit this tola had been told ever since Adam. Why should I credit what has been repeated eo many times with so much falsehood? But do you know, monsieur, that you have dono wrong in coming hero? Ought you not to have respected my wishes? Havo wo not weighty reasons for this retirement, think you?" " What wo lore, we pursue ; it is mv excuse. Nature furnished it, and I'll seek no other." o at corruvsa.) 