CREMATION AND CRIME. ••! (From TJtt Field.) ''A. coakGsPONDHVT hns been current in one of our'daily contemporaries upon the subject of " tlie policy and propriety of cremation versus • inhumation. The discussion has mainly taken#0 form of, religious sentiment upon the subject. With tliis latter it would be out of place for this journal to deal; but it i&ems; iis that' the actual' issue, as to i-iwiwtHer this lately revived .process of dis- ' posal of our dead , by cremation is desirable from a national .point of view, is' one which "presents arguments more' forcible and tnore Ijnpp^tant to social welfare than any which tiJcanWbe involved iii a mere dispute on re- Eiligious [Sentimentality. The sanitary advantage of this revived s "-metuodiionedispute. Ever since Dr. Haden ^ro^d the feelings of society, by his 1 remarlos upon tlie theory of '.'Earth to earth," tbere bos been a growing tendency to revolt against tlre pr&ctice; of preserving our dead coffins and-vaults, and ' in a state * which, when they come to light in later times, causes a revulsion of feeling. The utilisation, nhder Acts of Parliament, of sundry aisused bjirial grpunds for the purposes of railway cpnptructlon,, and other similar projects, Jias, wben the. remains of the dead 'luive been ,-femoved frqin those places in older toitear. ihe "way for "the contractor. diSplbsajitepenesT which oxcjte liorror and dispu%«indwlileli'gdfaVtoi«ooiicile.TOaiiy a mind lltiil^SilltoWlWV^i'jMOTstion; vice in- — ^Bn'uSJut-wMle tlifs sije i»f 't||o ques- IMvlolar strongly appeals to our faoliijgs, erelfea miiiter view, liot ot jeHtihxmt, but of practical social security, which seems to be almost an insuperable bar to -any national recognition of the proposed change, and even to call for parliamentary veto upon the process which is being pushed by certain enthusiasts. We allude to the facilities for; the use of poison, and the chances of immunity to the poisoner, which would be afforded if cremation were a recognised and customary method among us for disposal of our dead. It is no slur upon the medical profession to state that often in cases of murder by poison, which have eventually been detected and punished, scientific suspicion of foul play lias not been aroused in the first instance, nor until some time after a certificate for burial has been granted and obsequies have been performed. The symptoms which display themselves in connection with the administration of certain poisons are often in accordance with perfectly natural symptoms of disease, and, while this is the case, it is intelligible that medical men, in the absence of any information as to sinister motives, or of gossip of neighbours, should not think of harbouring suspicion of foul play, or of refusing to grant the usual necessary certificate of burial. So long as subsequent exhumation can aH'ord facilities for later investigation, in the event of suspicions becoming aroused later on, the fear of detection of crime of this sort must of necessity be greater than if the danger of discovery were passed, once for all, with the performance of obsequies. In the case of systematic poisoners, such as, for instance, ply their trade for the purpose of obtaining money from insurance companies and burial clubs, it has not unfrequently happened that suspicion has been latent until a third or fourth coincidence of mysterious death lias provoked the gossip of neighbours. Where such has been the case, an order from the Home Secretary for the exhumation and analysis of remains of persons whose deaths have subsequently become matters for sinister suspicion has often led to the general elucidation of a long standing career of crime. The improved science of toxicology makes the discovery of criminal poisoning ail easier matter than it was in the last century; but, at the same time, the indentical science, more or less, make the hands of the expert criminal all the stronger, and suggests the use of poisons which in former years would hardly have been dreamt of. Also, apart from general motives of malice or jealousy, which have existed as incentives to crime since the world began, modern days supply temptations of lucre, which formerly did not exist; to wit, t'ie facility with which the lives of individuals can be insured for the benefit of their survivors. Just as "underwriting" promotes temptation to produce artificial loss of ships at sea, in spite of all endeavours of members of Lloyd's to guard themselves against fraud, so also the system of life insurance cannot avoid coupling with its manifest advantages a strong temptation to certain persons to perpetrate frauds thereby. Those frauds may simply be those of alleged death and burial, while the insured reaps the benefit of his own fictitious demise; or they may arise out of the substitution (as in a quite recent assize case) of a healthy individual to personate an invalid subject for insurance ; but the same temptations which induce such frauds, also, as history records, too often lead critnnals to violate the sixth as well as the eight commandment, in order to attain their ends. Our belief is that if cremation were once to become a more recognised practice in this country, an uneasy feeling of insecurty would arise in the public mind, and that the Government of the day would soon J>e asked to inhibit it, on the ground that it created temptation to crime, and, at all events, considerably enhanced those which alre;idy exist. We are bound to admit that these experiments which have at present been tried in that direction have been conducted with all due propriety, and without any ghost of suspicion of sinister motive in evading inhumation. Except on the ground of incentive hereafter to crime, which ground seems pararaont in the existing state of civilised and commercial society, the practice would have much to recommend it—religious arguments pro and con being dismissed from the question. It is as easy to roar "storied uru and animated bust" over (literal) ashes as over inhumed remains in the ordinary sense, and the memory of the dead would not seem to be impaired thereby. Cremated Misenus seems (quoad Virgil) to have endowed wi h his name the hilly promontory on which his funeral pyre flamed, and whereon his ashes, his oar, and trumpet were deposited ; and even if the ashes themselves should perish, the memory of the funeral pyre of a Sardanapalus or a Dido can serve to perpetuate that of the mortals whos(^einains induced the ceremony. It is perhaps hankering after the modern novelty and the romantic reality of such scenes which does much to stimulate the enthusiasm of modern votaries of cremation ; but if these people would but realise tlie social danger and criminal impetus which their hobby, if well established, would tend to promote, we think they would hesitate to play the part of patrons of the worst form of murder. 