AN INNOCENT ELOPE MENT. By.M, E. Holahan. !A winter gloaming, bat soft and "grey. A stretch of eastern country open and wooded, high and low, level and broken, baandfal in summer, bat just now deeply hidden beneath a mantle of snow, and abuvn it hanging a dome enow-laden. A faint western wind stirring the orchard's great desolate heart, and filling ids aisIeB with uncanny whispers. From, an invisible somewhere gaant shadows Btealing forth and reaching ont their cold, bare arms to darkly embrasa a rambling, old-fashioned homestead mansion, Ever unwinding and oainina volume o a they approaobed, those apectral shades silently stalked into a quaint, low- osiled apartment before whose open chasm of a fireplace stood a young girl. Bhe was in appearance almost a ohild, dim as a youthful tamarack, and graceful, with a fane sweet, round, fresh, daintily tinted, bat hardly np to the classical ideal of beauty. A face tenderly, temptingly, daringly lovable, yat wondrous sad, withal, in its present repose, Red flames suddenly - broke from a smouldering log. Scarlet arrows, with Rem brandt effect, pierced the encroaching gloom, forcing its retreat and softly biased that girlish face, those dreamy, veiled eyes, and two little hands idly falling down and lightly olasped before her in an attitude of nnoon scions grace. Her dress extended high to the warm throat, and, loosely confined at the waist by an artistic knot of ribbon, fell straight down to her slim feet in folds of soft white caBh mere, . With that halo of light npon her, and under the spell of deep thought, she re sembled strangely the carven image of a do-root, ropt ynnng saint oat from C-irars marble, or the miniatnre of an introBpselive Aphrodite in Parian stone. No wonder a man coming up the walk paused just outside the window au instant with bated breath then slowly resumed his way with something very like a sigh of pain. As if his glance had pierced her armour of calm : I wish it was over,' she murmured, pressing her small fingerB close together in' an agony of self-restraint ; then suddenly flinging them apart with a pasBionate gestnru. 1 or I wish I had never eome, or that I was dead, or that — ih, God ! how I wish — — Bat— bah !' a smile of aontempt drooping her sweet-lipped mouth at the corners. 'What nse-to wish? Oh, f this gnawing pain at my heart I This horning dryness of my eyes. To morrow, on some pretext, I must go home, else I shall go mad ; but to night ' Ay, to-night ! What of it ? Could she only have foreseen the events in the darkness of that night, would she have counted on the morrow thus? fpu«« Ai A « S A A. k Ala AM Ala - aw uAugiug ut » Uioiauu uuur, bueo cub sonnd of someone approaching. An instant her heart stood still with a vague, indefinable hope, a wild, yearning fear. Could it bs Paul? Panl Granleigh, her cousin, her king among men, yet who in a few hours would ba the husband of another woman ! Ah, no, she had seen him rids away in the early gloaming. When he returned to his ancestral home- well, stag would not be here. Like a thing caught in guilt, she glanced hurriedly around fo> an avenue of escape, as a step— Rick's— sounded in the corridor outside, ' A firm yet light step, and presently the ' door was flung ajar, admitting a tall yonng I man, and with nim a frosty breath Irom the J outer world, l 'Behold, our steeds pranee at the door, j Has o to the wedding,' he oried grandilo- : quently. Then, as his plaasant eyes take in that sole, Bileat occupant : ' Trick,' oomiug forward, 'you look like a great wax doll constructed after the Greek. Where on earth' — a man's usual sooff at woman's artiatia dress-love — ' did yon find that babyish affair ?' She shot him a glance of overwhelming nnnrn. ' That babyish affair was found at Bad- fern's, and cost dad more money than your self and ynnr nrancina afcoodii 1.0 worth, Sir Ignorance. Come, that'B a good boyr— in sweet, laughing tones — ' fetch my wraps from yonder sofa, and — ' ' Oh, no hurry 1' flinging himself into a ohairnear. 'Ths governor, your reepeeteo ancle, and the lncky sire of your humble servant, is still swearing over an aggravating cravat. I heard bim as I stole past hit- room. As it 1b nearly six hours to mid—. By Jove, old man !' hts eyes snddonlv lifrin to a t il form in the doorway. 'Ej acted, eh? What's np?' His brother slowly entered. ' I forgot my purBe, and — well, you know ons cinnot expect to do Europe on bis wedding tour with empty pooketB !' with a low, mirthless laugh. 4 I left it in my room in some plaoe. Will yon fetch it while I warm np, Errie ?' ' Well, Beeing it's yonr night of doom, yea ; bat' — with a heart free laugh — 'you're pulling a mighty long face, old man, for a pro spective groom. Cheer np. Life is short and full of chances. Ma belle will be in a dense of a temper if yon don't cullivate a happier look for the altar.' When the door had oloBed upon him, Panl turned to bis slim, white-faced aousin. ' Let me look at yon,' be exclaimed, devouring her with his dark eyes ' Here wnera we nave been so nappy together, let uh part ; and after to-night, it will ba baet for both If God never lets me see yonr, tempt ing fioe again,' Thrilling and ehilling alternately, ehe stood before bim voiceless and motionless nnder hie intense paeaionate eyes. ' Yon do care,' he oontinuea meobanioilly. 'I never dreamt yon did nntil to-night. I saw you through the window, and I— I read your face. Oh, Triok, Trick ! if only we bad met earlier, when I was free, and yon ' Hash !' ehe oried passionately. Are yon human to toriar and insolt ma so ?' Forg v me. I — I am mad, I think, Good-bye He tamed Unsteadily to leave the room! Ha paused, and aoming back stood before her. His faoe was calm, but somehow suggestive of fierce restraint. Ha waB a Btrong man with strong passions, and possessing an iron will to control them. Will yon sing for ms that song yon sang when firBfc yon oame to visit us?' he asked. ' I have a presentiment that it will be the last time I shall ever hear yonr voioe, end I want to remember it. It were a pity to for get she sweetest thing one ever heard, wonld it not, little one ?' A dry sob rose in her throat. Beatrix Evelyn was obildish in appearance only. Choking down her misery she turned to the piano near. Qaiveringly at first her Bweet voice rose, then went steadily on to the end. "Tlslll to break the bands Hut God decreed to bind, Tet Btlll are wa .. (be children of the he»ther and tha wind: Though far away from home, ob, 'tis still for yon and me. Til at Sba broom Is blowing bonnv In that north countree ' I'm afraid yon'll have to do Europe on trut, old man,' exchimed Rick, entering. I can't find your filthy lucre 1" 'I will go and find it myself, then.' turning as be stood on tha threshold, 'good-bve,' he said 1 It begins to snow. See that Beatrix is well wrapped, Errlc.' Then he was gone, and Triok shivered. ' I'll bs b'amed If he isn't more fit for a lunatic asylum than a bridal tonr,' grumbled Rick. ' Well, I oan imagine plessanter positions than oarrying the pog dog, and reoeiving the saroasm of my future eister-in- law, can't yon, cousin che're ?' Trick made no return in words, and was strangely eilent daring the long drive to Eaton Fines. ' It waa a whim of the wbimsloal, wsrltbv bride that the marriage should be performed at midnight, but on their arrivsl'danelng wa in progress. About tea o'olook Rick oame up to his rcusin. : There- was a somewhat .troubled look on his pleaiant faoe, ' I have a message — a telegram for yon,' he wbispsrad. 1 Oae of onr servants just brought it over. Came into the conservatory and read it.' It was from a prominent dootor in jNcw York : ' lour father dangerously ill. Gome im mediately if you would see him alive.' With a low cry she lifted her eyes to Erric'a faoe. She swayed, and would have fallen had not someone caogbt her. It was Paul. She hardly heeded, but Errio briefly explained. ' I will drive her over to the station,' he said. ' We can catch the midnight train.' 'Very well. There is no use speabing'about it ; it would but areata a disturbance, and I oan easily explain afterward. Hitoh Black Bess iato my cotter, Erric, quick as possible. She is a safs animal.' A few minutes later, wrapped in fnrs to'the. eyes, and nearly dislraoted, Triok was lifted into the waiting cutter. Erric w-u about to 'accompany her, when his brother called him aside, and both retained to the hoase, only one returning a moment later. Even through her anxiety she felt grieved. Why had Paul so coolly parted with her ? Bushing to her eyes the tearB froze there She had no desire to speak, and Errio apparently was in the same meed. Silently and tediously tbey drove against the ever increasing storm. Wilder and more fati<;Us it beoame, deeper and more drifted the snow. 4 We shall never get there 1' cried Triok, wildly. ' It must be near midnight cow !' And her tortured mind went back to the mansion long left behind. In a few minuies Paul' would be married, perhaps Perhaps he was married already. B2hind her in life Uy tho might-have-been of happiness. Before — God, what was before? Her.beloved tat nor — Black Bess bad stood still as if bewildered. Through a grove near the wind moaned in painful accents. 4 Are we lost, Errio ?' she cried. 2, ' Why don't you speak ? Why ' He leapsd from the outter and went quickly forward. Black Bass stook quivsring in her tracks P-696utiy be returned to her side and stood there, tba wind bowling and driving about them both, the snow falling fast and ftster. It is useless. Wo can go no further ; she has lost the road,' ho said. At the voice Trick uttered a cry and tore the veil from her faoe, ' Paul I' Bhe oried. ' Where is Errio ? Why did you do this mad thing?' 4 Reoanse I was mad. I wanted to see yon, to say a last word before we parted — forgive. Forgive me.'. ' Where is Erric?' 4L eked safely up in the oloakroom unless they have liberated him before this ' — grimly. Waat will you do?'— dazsdly, 'You oannot be back by midnight to ' ' I bad not intended to. Indeed, I am not suro I ever intended going baok at all. Bat a mjrriftor nan ha nnnlnnnnd n death cannot I know if it were poselble for anyone to get you to Zudwick in time for the midnight express I could. I have failed' — lighting a match to see his watoh- faoe, and 8p8»king in a kind of bitter despair, ' It is half-past twelve, and,' he aontinued passionately, 'I am glad I am not married — glad I am with yoa. darling, coma what may.' ' Hush ! Oh, what will 1 do? What cm I do ? What will ihoy all say of me?' They will not dare Eay a word of yon ' — fiercely. 4 I — I wish we wonld both die hero to-night. Wo would at least he together! No one e -uld part us. But although it is wild and stormy, it is not cold, and there is no snob lusk bb freezing in store for us.' 'You must go back,' she cried wildly. ' You must g baok. I command It. Take Blaok Bass, and leave me hero. You have wronged me enough already. I forbid von stayiug here now. Go, go 1 And pray God I may never look npon your face again.' All his mad entreaties were of no avail She only repulsed and bade him Icavo her. How that long night uuder the shelter of an overturned cutter was spent Triok Evelyn never forgot, but always shuddered when she spoke of It. But after what seemed an eternity she thoagnt she beard voiaas oa'ling at a great distance; then down she went into the darkness of death. A month later, in. her father's. New York house, sho reolined on a oocob, very - pale, - wan. and frail, but with a look of content on her sweet faoe. Her father bad bat just left the room when B Bervant uahered in anotner man — none other than PaulGrauleigh, but, from the awful events of that awful night, the ghost of his former self. With a blnah, Triok held ou": her hands ; then, ub be glsdiy took and held them in his, burnt into a storm of tears. 'And they thought we had eloped — that papa's illness was only a trick.' she said, later. I tbey had found Erric b-fore mid n ght — before Miss Eaton, in that fit of anger, married her mueie-master, how dif ferent it would have bean for us.' ' Perhaps it wonld, and spoiled our lives, my pet' — softly. ' Sweetheart, I shall always think I was mad that night, and,' he cons tinned, softer yet. hlpa- m- mndneBsl' 