I Jt'OOL OF A WAXEKSfOUX. ' -Ths followiag fin it told in the ■ Daily Telegraph' to * A Seafarer’ by * bit friend, tne Second Mete ’:—1 The chief mete wu e cheerful little Welshman—God reet bis •onl—one of the moat intelligent icemen 1 sea ever associated with, with es tender a heart me ever beat under a velvet waietcoat, and eyel 10 bright that I’d sometiir.ee think that the rcdneta lhat tinged to m was nothing bnt the ecorchirg of the ikin by the Sashing of his gaze. We Wore very good friends,both of • rather poetical tarn ol mind, no very great rarity amoogstaeamen, though the conformedly atrained manlineaa of the tailor makes him feel efeeepiih even to be suspected of a romantic humour now and again. The akipper hovered abcnt till 10. then went below. I joined the mate, and wa fell to qnietly paciDg the deek, talking of anything bot the weather and the heat, and the calm, being tick of the things. No, tir, onr conversation went to eonaideration of the sort of times we were to expect at Calcutta, and I wai in the midst of _ telling him that I waa thinking seriously of locking ont for a mate's berth aboard a country wallah, whtre the month'* wage tonnded tall in (be shape of rupee a, when be interrupted me by coming nil on n tndden to n dead stand, whilat he cried in a 1 regie vote* that waa scarce more than a hoarse whisper, pointing with a little arm aa he spoke: ’My God, what is that? Hie forefinger indicated a space of dwtk that lay like an ink-stain upon the night that was dark as the sea-line everywhere else was ; and in tbe heart of Ibis peoulisi murky blotch I observed what looked to me to be , two fine lines of flame close together, forking out of tbe ten, and lengthening upwards as one watched with a kind of throbbing pallor whsnes they proceeded, though this last waa ; very elusive, and notioeable only when the sight went a little to the right or left ol it * Hash !' said I, after straining my bearing | a moment, whilat tbe mat* stood watching stockstill, as though spellbound. * Do yoa 1 bear it !’ The noise I meant, which, tbongh , faint, was audible enough amid the uf the flapping canvas on high. Think of a kettle boiling in n roam next to the one yon asetfd in, and that will b# ths character d the noise I beard. Aa I sp -kn there waa a flesh of lightning light betwixt the two fin* limes of firs, and the wild gimra threw ont the pondarooa folds of a great cloud hanging, like mamas of amok* arrested and pressed down, above those strange and eter growinglnmiooastalk*. ‘A waleispoot—two "I them. It looks like,’ cried tbe mate. 'How does it travel ? Why, by all that'a predooa, if its growth signifies its conns, it's beading direct for tbe barque.’ HU vehement ex olamatfooe startled the men who had stewed thtmaelvrs nway about tbe decks for a nap. and yen aaw • flitting of dnsky flgoree to the rail, and caoght a note of alsrm in the haf-e mothered growl of voiors » h‘ch oame along. Saving, always, the swing of the swell, the barque lay as dead on the sea as a lightship, not aa inch of way on her; >o that there was nothing possible to be done in the way of manoeuvring. • But watenpeots don’t ihioe,' cried I, to the m*te. 1 Tee, yet,* he answered, 1 yonder doee, anyhow. It U the phosphorous inf he water. I keen seen such things again and again, glowing as tbongh they had got a streak of lightning stowed away in their coil.’ He continued to look ; then, with an oath, he cried ont psa-ioaately that tbe •ppearanee was heading for os. and, with a bound, gained the companion, down which he bolted, reluming after a few breathless momsnts followed by the captsie, who rose ont of the hatch like a ghost, habited in bis shirt and drawer* only. Believe me or hot as yoo trill, but whal I’m going to tell yen is aa true ae that I, who w*ik by your side now, am a living man. The fire tinctured stalks, as I wtll csli them, bad thickened with incredible rapidity, and looked 500ft. high, distant as th*y yet were. Thera waa a constant p!*y of ligii-ning over them, sometimes very fie-ec and brilliant, wilb sharp crack* of thunder, whose rever berations rolled over the polished undnla. tions of the water, with a sound of heavy bowls hnrled along a resonant wooden stag-. The Vsgnation lround made the sight of that small rotating inmioona tempest as wonderful as it was frightfnl. Every moment heightened the roar of the boiling at its hue, -nd tbe indescribable yelling of the circular sweeping of tbe wind of this narrow tempest. Gome of the men beat with handspike* furiously upon the touttle to •rouse the watch below. I stood watching, •oarcedra-iog a breath, captain and mate beside me, both silent. Indeed, there was nothing to be dsoe. We mig’.-t, perhaps, have fired a gun. but are hadn't such a thing aboard. The eoane of the epoot was easily to. be gathered by the sharpening of the mystical golden fire* which illuminated the I evolving columns, end by tbe whiling upon the right of the bed of foam out of which those eaat liquid trunks grew, aod by the increasing uproar of the maddened and •rathing rnsaa of spame and of the thunder blasts over It following ea-h jsgg-d, barbed lightning stroke with continuous detoua ioas, comparable ooly to broadside after hroadsid- delivered from a four- decked lioe cf-battlt ship. The spout oame a'.ung alowly —-if aaiogl* spout it were- with its two flaming limbs and on* dense bead of vaponr. There waa a bit of bopa to be got ont of this, for it mighs break •nd peti-h era is resohed ns. The captain orfsd, • My God 1 whst shall we do? How f«a* i* it travelling, think you, Mr Morgan ?’ * Eight miles in tb* hour—no faster air,’ croaked the mate, is tbs voice of a man sentenced to death. • It’ll ba aboard ns!' roared some forward suddenly in a panicai way, aod th* ory waa instantly followed by a frantic rush aft of shadow* aa th* figures oflha men looked. Bat the boat- wain of the barque, whota tones I recognised, cried ont, ’Jump for ahelter, my lade ' jump for shelter! Down with yon onder deck, or there'll be ne’er a life left to explain what hurt the ship r on which many of tb* men sprang forward again, the oapUin laying U U “moto u I, for the lightning wu crackling or* onr hatda doit. and I be bar qua waa planning noon ths h«>» , •J*, Bang ia ad*anoe by tbs eommation, thoagh ihrre w.g not a breath of air jot, ■( I II** to tell il. and the ipoat aim oil within piatol abot! Well, I out only .peak of myMlf now. lor what fallowed wu like a borribla nightmare, trim whioh yon .tart with ln« blood thiok is yonr vein*, without being abla to raaall a featnra of the terror that awoke yon. The mad Impnlae one got from the eight and tonnd of the eponi, and ita horrible aooompanimente of whiterom at fo I and blaokneea orerhead, wat for ihel'ar and my firat raring we* for the companion, with a ary to ihe cap’ein and mate to follow ««. I w a aoaroe fonr atepe down when there happened a ehook aa thoagh an earthquake right nnder the keel of the barqne had tore bar into .torn. Jn*i for one inatent my ear caught tba ioezpraaaible fasllbh clamour of tone of aweeplng water of «para mapping like pipaelema—then waah j the companion way wa. filled In a braatb, and down I went, awept along end into inaeoalbiiity by a flood that waa aiotl Niagara Falla in ita way for Weight Oi °°urf* ® waan t drowned; of eonrse J ■wgalaed ooneolonaneea; bat that wai not eo wonderful aa that I ahould ha*a crawled out of he oebln like a .o.kec Oerce, a sane man with ertry aeoee tout it him, Inatead of a grionlog and gibberlo. I Ld 0t.V, 1 th« deck- Ihe night wu breatbles*. No aonnd came off the ocean, though the horizon bung black all aronod ai before. It took me a whila to roe, and then I obaerrad that tba barqna waa diamaated. Iha ihadowof her deck atrelehed onl before me. a aheer hulk i Thera were figure* moriog here and there. I halloed, and meat o.. them oame aft. Bat the* were ».!! too atopefird to ana-er quee tl0M ! *b*y muttered in a d.w way. Who waa mbeiog? What b.< happened mot a than that the barqn ,t,lPP«d to the coalition of , nahed hall *u not to be gathered 11 1 thi 8"* befwu 'he light broke w. had rallied eaflHrntfy lo rain th* pomp rad keep them going. Talk of a wreck Ne^er did the tun rbe upon a more pitUbli ■•gBI to*., ihe barqne znide • ihrei l*gged etorapa where ihe lower meati iad been; a whole wildernna 0I rreykage over the tide; bow.prit gone, the whole lioe of port bulwarks smashed fiat, deck house, galley, long boat, quarter boats—all vanished. The captain and tbe poor fellow who had been at the [wheel were misting; their fate needed no guessing. But we fonud the body o! the mats, cruelly bmiitd and barely distinguishable as a human ferm, lying under a mass of gear. Well, to end tbe yarn, for U’s nearly told, we passed three days of desperate pumping, for the ve*sel lotik in water as though her bottom hid been a grating, and ’twas pump or sink, for we were without a boat. But on the morning cf ths fourth day a steamer hove in sight, spied os, and came alongside. She was just in time; we were mere spectres, wuh the strength of such things, and I believe U th* next relief of the pumps had teen called there would have been no answer.'* 