ENGLISH EXTRACTS. (From Papers to 23rd December.) The records of the Challenger expedition will soon be completed by the publication of the twenty-second, twenty-third, and twenty - fourth volumes. This work has been in course of publication over since the end of the voyage in 1874, and the cost of compiling and printing the report is said to have already exceeded £200,000. A considerable amount of curiosity has been excited by the expected reappearance in the present year of a periodic star, which has been observed at intervals of about 35 years, and which some persons have in the past identified with the Star of Bethlehem. During the current month the planet Venus has been very conspicuous as a morning star, and many persons have imagined that this was the famous star of the Magi. A correspondent, who wrote to the Astronomer-Royal on the subject, has received the following reply :-" Royal Observatory, Greenwich, Dec. 14. SIR-With reference to your letter of yesterday, I am requested by the Astronomer-Royal to say that for some unaccountable reason the planet Arontts has been supposed by some to be a reappearance of the ' Star of Bethlehem,' but there is absolutely no foundation for any such ridiculous notion. Aronus is to be seen as a bright object in the early morning, rising in the east at about 4 finish am, sir, your obedient servant, H. H. TURNER." Major J. F. Green, 8th Dragoon Guards, Adjutant of the Warwickshire Yeomanry, died on Tuesday morning, 20th December, from gun-shot wounds which he inflicted upon himself on Monday at a Leamington hotel. A Leamington telegram gives some particulars of what led to Major Green's death. It appears that he had 9000 engaged to a young lady belonging to Leamington, an heiress, and was to have been married some time ago, but the betrothal was broken off. After some time the engagement was renewed, and the marriage was to take place a month hence ; but a widowed lady came to Leamington on Sunday and wrote to Major Green, who was visiting his betrothed, appointing to meet him at the Clarendon Hotel. He kept the appointment, and the interview took place in a private room. It is understood that the widow's fortune would leave her, according to her husband's will, on her re- marriage!, but she pressed the major to make her his wife. The major declined, and in a frenzy took up a shot-gun and threatened to commit suicide. He suited the action to the word and placed the muzzle of the weapon in his mouth. His hand trembled, the discharge blow away the side of his face, and he fell bleeding at the lady's foot. The report of the gun and the lady's screams attracted the attention of the servants, and the wounded man was removed to bed. The major was 35 years of age, and had passed through two campaigns. At the inquest the principal witness was Mrs. A. S. Rayner, a widow, who stated that she had known the deceased for the last nine years and considered herself engaged to him. Her evidence tended to show that he committed suicide, and the medical testimony confirmed this. The jury returned a verdict accordingly. The Do you Corporation has agreed to pro sent a petition to the Premier praying that the deep-sea harbour at that port may be proceeded with immediately, and that the 500 convicts confined in the local prison may be utilised for that purpose Professor Blackie is perhaps an honester man than some of the other literary hands who have been drawn on the subject of the three best books for young men. The three books mentioned by the Professor are Green's "History of the English People," "Nas Frith's Autobiography," and '. self-culture," by John Stuart Blackie. No doubt, he says, Borne persons will be horrified at his mentioning his own book ; but "I have received so many letters of thanks from young men for this book which is now in the sixteenth edition and has been translated into half a dozen hiuguagos-that I really cannot honestly any that I know a better book for young men." If all authors were as honest lia Professor Blackie, the "Boat Books" nuisance would soon come to an end. Recorded dying sayings have hitherto borne" out the theory of Sir Benjamin Brodie that, as a general rule, the final close of life is not a painful process. rate, now dolet," exclaimed Arria to her husband, as her life ebbed away. Dr. William Hunter wished on his deathbed that he had strength to write down " How easy and pleasant a thing it is to die; and Louis XIV. " thought dying had been harder." A different opinion was expressed the other day by the well-known Austrian journalists, Eduard ] fool, as he was on the point of yielding up the ghost. " Dying is very hard very hard," he is reported to have whispered with his last breath. "I imagined that it was quite different." It is to be hoped (says St. James's Gazette) that no international complications will arise out of Mr. Sara's now play. But, remember- ing the excitement of Parisian journalists over Mr. Gilbert's innocent little joke about hitting a mounser being of lubberly thing for to do," we have our doubts. In the Globe more drama that exemplary clergyman, the Rev. Wilson Barrett Thornhill finds himself in Madagascar in difficulties with the French Consular authorities. Says a French naval lieutenant in of course, full uniform, "Monsieur Thornhill is my prisoner." "in her"' replies an heroic British commander, "then come and take him from my ship." This manly answer Causes the gallery to cheer for about ten minutes without stopping. It is melancholy to find that Jingoism, instead of being limited to the debased and effeminate charles of clubland, still exerts its malign away over the "people at any rate when the people are at the play. It is now settled (says the St. James's Gazette) that there will be no international contest next year for the America Cup, and that the Volunteer will 'come over the Atlantic to light the Thistle in British waters. The main object of General Franco's visit will be to win back Dio Cape Breton Cup won by the Genesta in America three seasons ago ; but it is confidently expected that the famous centreboard blood will hoist her racing flag' on the Clyde in the great match for £1000 which has been arranged to take place in connection with the Glasgow Exhibition. The Upper Clyde courses are " fluky" in the extreme ; but a race round Ailsa Craig in the open Frith would well test the relative merits of solid or Shilling keels, cutters or sleeps. In the meantime Mr. G. L. Watson is preparing to got his hand in with centreboards, and is building a boat of the latter type for an American gentleman. The points somewhat conclusively to thoiactjihal the next British boat built to contest for the America Cup will be entirely on Amorieim lined, and not partly so like the Thistle j 