The Circus. I have always bad a singular liking for a circus, a low liking, it is very probable, I might hear you say,.wcreInearenougb ; but 1 scorn to dispute the point. Tell me what there can be in high life more intoxicating with a sort of bubbling effervescing plea sure than the whole paraphernalia of a cir I was thinking thus one day, as I entered one of these sunny pavilions, and thinking, too, whether, in spite of all my love of motion and swiftness and grace, so timid a person as 1 would have had much enjoyment in an old Roman circus where men and beasts en countered in contest of blood, and where ladies, whose hearts could have been not greatly different from my own, applauded the death struggle of a gladiator as I did the somersaults of little Ninonito. The present entertainment was called upon the bills a t: Great Moral Exhibition ; ’’ and as with the circus it combined a superior menagerie, to which Asian jungles and African deserts had contributed, clergymen and others were cordially invited to witness the trained lion and the lamb lying down together. Of the last performance, of which I am particularly speaking, the last item had been described in the advertisement as the “ Ter rible Exploits of tbc ‘Dauntless Dnrtouro yu the Sen of Wild Roaststhe capitals bid been thrilling?. And accordingly, afterIVSI,itv cicnt quantity of stuali boys had been thrown by tba iionui. an enormaufl carriage,*-tbife filled pearly half the space, was Blovrlf wheeled upon the scene, the sides were lft down, and the den of wild beasts was df,. closed.. It was in three compartments, wiSj, strong partitions made of a lattice-work qf iron bars between them. In the first one, some leopards and a Bengal tiger of loathly beauty were roaming restlessly round, up and down, in and out, round and about, in a way to make one’s heart ache. In the central compartment a lion was striding up and down, lashing his tail about; while the lioness, lyiDg in one corner with her two whelps fawning around her, looked with complacent curiosity at the crowd who returned her gaze. But when the lids were let down from the last compartment, all thought of the occupants of the other two was for a moment forgotten, as the immense and single lion within that one sprang upon his hind legs, pawing at the side of the cage as if he would break through and bound out upon us, and uttering a roar that resounded and reviberated from side to side, and made every heart stand still. Wc were almost all decorously placed on the tiers of seats, .but at tbe sound and the sight the whole audience shook a little closer together; and, for my own part, never lik ing such scenes as this promised to be, I had risen to go. “Never mind,” said my companion to me, as I excitedly signified my wish to hasten off; “ it is a trite thing enough ; the creatures are gorged witli food and’ dandled from their birLh ; the exhibitor is in no danger.” “ You are mistaken, sir,” said one of the group of bystanders. “ In tiie first twojeages they are certainly tame enough, but the .last beast is the true Nemacin, raging for bis lib erty! as ready t.o rend a man to atoms as ever his‘wildest ancestors were.” “ Then why is lie in that cage, sir,” I asked, shivering beneath the blaze of those eyeballs like coals. “ lie wa3 only added to the collection a few hours since.” said another gentleman at my side. “ Some sailors brought him home on their own account; the ship happened to arrive in the harbor this morning, just as the i menagerie was setting up its tents; the sailors j lost no time in making their bargain, and the j animal was transferred immediately; but an injury happening to bis own cage be was temporarily shut into this one till better ac-1 commoilations could be arranged, I believe.” “ But is it really strong enough Z” I asked, with a quiver. “ Oil, without doubt.” “ And then the exhibitor does not venture into that compartment?” “ Not unless he is insane, I fancy.” “ Ah, what a roar! It is thunder’s self 1" “ Possibly he lias not been fed to- day.” “ I think we had better go,” I said. “ It really makes me ill." “ Indeed,” was tbe response I met with. “If there is going to be anything unusual, let us have the benefit of it 1 ” “ But it seems to me the exhibitioner is not ready. I do believe he is afraid himself.” “ He has no occasion,” said the second by stander again. “In spite of our friend’s opinion of the wild beast, unless the exhibi tor should open the door of tbe third cage, there is absolutely not a shadow of danger.” " And if he should 1 ” “ Why, then I imagine he would surely get bis deserts.” “The lion would, at any rate,” rejoined my companion. " Oh, how nervous you make me I ” I ex claimed. “ I wonder why tbe Dauntless Bar touro does not come ? ” “ Possibly bwis asleep,” replied the second bystander once more ; “ he has a little habit, they say, which occasions drowsiness—I sup pose so hazardous an occupation as may have been, in tbe beginning, required stimulants, and he has abused the necessity. If they are not sobering him with buckets of cold water dashed over him, they are probably assisting him to hurry on his tights and spangles.” As he spoke, a man, carrying a little switch, bounded into tbe ring, made his bow to the audience, threw open the cage of theleopards, leaped lightly'up, and in an instant bad shut himself within. He was a man cf splendid physical de velopment ; and bo quick had beqn his three movements, that one hnd not time to ace his flushed face and its swollen veins before it seemed that the exertion of seizing a leo pard and tossing him in the air had occa sioned it. “ What a handsome man ? ” cried my com panion, staring at him with admiration. He was a picture as he faced us ; the two leopards stood with a paw on his either shoulder, the spots seeming to waver in their supple sides like the sparks and glows in half blaekened firebrands, while the tiger bounded to and fro over the switch lie held for him as if his sleek curves were made of nothing but caoutchouc. It was plain that the creatures loved the man ; they reached out their long, red tongues and licked him—he had fed them and tended them. As I thought this, Bartouro (lung aside the first partition of iron bars with a thrust, and was in the central cage, stepping quickly to the lioness and switching her till she rose upon her feet jlcatching the hairy little cubs in his arms, and throwing them about like juggler’s balls ; calling the lion to his side and lying down between them all, as if for peaceful repose in the bosom of his family. Meanwhile the tiger came and stretched himself at his feet, and one oE the leopards amused himself with boxing an. impertinent little cub, while another leopard retired to the furthest end of the cage, and appeared to keep watch like a sentinel over the domestic scene. It was, after all, a very charming sight, and the place rang with applause. Suddenly Bartouro sprang to hiB feet, bowed again to the audience, then threw open the last partition. My tongue clave to the roof of my mouth with horror ; the whole amphitheatre hung upon one breath. The three compartments were now a single cage alone ; but the animals in the first por tion hurriedly huddled themselves together in the remotest part, cowering and whining, and trembling in evident fear. With a magnificent, fearlessness, Bartouro trod swiftly toward the iion, who stood erect, holding by his tremendous paws to the side of the cage, his huge black mane rising and bristling round him as if instinct with savage life itself, as he turned bis head at the clang of the iron bars, and glared with red-hot eyes upon Bartouro. “ Come back ! For Heaven’s sake, come back ! ’ cried the circus-master, darting across the arena toward the cage. “It is the new Hon. You are a dead manj!” The whole andience rose. Oh, tile cruel, handsome faces of those dead and gone Roman women !—these were not their ghosts. But Bartouro did not vouchsafe him a glance —only he trod swiftly forward, and struck the great, beast a tingiing blow in the face. It was the death-blow of courage. The lion, amazed for one heart beat, with the next did not pause to crouch ere springing, but had throw himself in one mass upon Bartouro, who tottered and half fell, but rose I again, and lifted his arms, that were like springs of steel, to thrust the beast away, l Then, as if lightning fell, the arms dropped powerless, the man sank slowly down, his eyes wide open and staring ion the lion, his I face whiter than ashes, the blood pouring j from his side. Women were fainting now in the audience., children were shrieking, men were springing forward ; the people of the menagerie were running to get some weapon, an axe, a pistol, anything—there was not one who dared to enter the cage and take his prey from the dreadful tiling wtilch would devour it before our very eyes for all wc knew. All at once, in that swift, breathless in stant. a ball of fire shot through the air from I ono end of the cage to tho other. It was the leopard- who had sat as sentinel. In a second his mate had followed. One had no time to r.ote tiieir superb beauty, nor to wonder at their fuiious spring, before the tiger had hurled himself upon them, and ail three had fallen -vim a y„u on tiie linn, who tore his claws away, and half forgot Bartouro, to turn fiercely on them. Whether it was love of their master, or whether some forest scent still lingering about the wild brute, had roused the never before awakened race of their blood, no one can say ; they were giving their lives for Bartouro—so much was certain. “ Come out—come out!" we cried in one voice. “Oh, you are mad, Bartouro !" He did not deign us a look ; but his voice rose over the snarl and roar and cry of the struggling boasts, and over the uproar awak ened in the neighboring cages, like a blast of “ And leave my leopards to die Z” In a moment he hail darted forward, the helpless arm dangling from his shoulder, but his right hand grasping his wip ; and as the lion, turning at the side glance whicli he caught of his first assailant., regardless of leo pards or tigers, shook them off with a mighty shudder, and collected himself for a second leap upon him, Bartouro ran up with his whip, and with the precision of a marksman, he had flecked its thong first in one eye of the lion, and then the other, slipping aside as the lion rose to spring with a yell of pain and agony, and fell sprawling and rolling over, striking against the iron sides of Yne cage, gathering itself together again, aim crouching as still as the sphinx. Another ray of light never entered those thong-flecked eyes.' The lion was stone blind from that day. The whole scone had not occupied three minutes. At its close Bartouro caught his torn leopards and tossed them into the other end of the inclosure, single- armed, drew his tiger, although very badly maimed, away by the jaws, clanged down the iron door be tween, stepped out, shut the cage behind him, bowed to the audience—just ns the circus master and his assistants dashed in with guns and swords—and ran off as if he had no more than trod upon a lly. The Dear Creatures.—When a young man deceives his best girl, and she finds it out, it usually leads up to a serious .One reason why the homely girl takes the scholarship prize is because she looks into books more than into mirrors. No man can court across eyed girl without being Jealous. Ami tho caiieo is that slia. always seems to be looking at and smiling upon some other fellow. Please His Friends.—“ Will you please insert tiiis obituary notice f” asked an old gentleman of an editor. “ I make bold tc ask it, because the deceased had a great many friends about hero who’d be glad to hear ol his death.” Cause for Gallantry.—When a young man politely offered his scat in a tram car to an old gentleman, and then went and stood on the platform, a fellow pnsscnger.said,— “ I am glad to see, sir, a young man like you pay that respect and deference to old age which it should always command.” “Yes, sir," replied the youth, “that old codger is worth a million dollars.” Guessed He Had Bad News-—Mra, Partington was not so much a myth as synical unbelievers assert. For instance, Aunty Becky Brown one morning last week came into the breakfast room with a very much troubled countenance. One of the family remarked it and asked her what was the matter. “I’m 'fraid Mr. Sparks has got some bad news ; I jest see a telegraph boy go ridin’ up to his house on his cyclopedy.” “ You say yon want to ^ marry my daugh ter ; have you spoken to her ?” “ Yes, sir,” replied the young man, “ and have gained her consent.” “ Well, if she said ‘ yes ’ that settles it. Anything I might say or do wouldn’t have the' slightest influence.” Then the young man goes home and wonders if he isn't to young to marry such ft girl. 569. 