DEATH IN A GOLDEN SHAFT. ' . . -. Iof B - - B. L FARJEO,. ke '- Amdng my new friends and many acquain- in tances oh the goldfields: was, a man' of the iime of Rick Pateison.. My inmpression- was I W that the.lname was assumed, and that he ' de had passedt through some kind of trouble at th' home iri'the old country. co In'.those' days 'England was always w spoken of by the goldminers as ' home' and 'the old country,' and always in tones of WE affection . a I liked Rick Paterson, and he liked me.. I of was. a youngster then,. almost:a:boy, and-I de thiiik he was" drawn to me liecause I was! en the possessor. of a few books-Shakespeare, ad Ossian Shelly, Pope, and others. His ace, ah I should judge, would be between thiity anti R thirty-five, and it was evident that he had moved in good society, in England. R SWe all looked'upon hiii as a bit of a swell ge though. he -was .the last man in the-world to I give himself airs: - l hi It was necessary to mention that at that P` time I was what was called ' a gentleman he gold digger.' Young as I i'ara ,I liadmade `d a little money; and was spending it 'in pros- P pecting-for- a-golden re.f. I employed two men, one of. whom, Toin, a Welshman, Iin- T trodiuaced' iteyffirst- novel ~ :Grif.'':= -'l s. We lived, 6.aourse iO tents, and a jolly !m life it was. My-money was vanishing m 'quictkly, butthait gave riii no 'ccen.c 1 . was young; l'was bubbling over with ant- ' e :=lat[ spirits; i was .conIident, of, thefuture. i .No::doubts and' fears, springing from faint- fo heartedness; oppressed- mine : was :leading a life of freedodi aiid adveniite in a new arid tl wdinderful world. "'' " My) tent was'.'pitbhed on the top of a range, where my men and 1 were following j;i into the bowels of the earth" a' spur,' in 'g which, wheu we first siottied it, ,we founid; : speck or two of'gold. This.i', s; r,' 'which re was' about the thickness, of' Welsh' Tom's o0 little finger (he was ain enormous man, and m strong as, Samsoi), was to lead us to the b1' main reef, say as a matter bf pleasahnt speeu lation, eight feet thick, and running twenty .sa ounces of gold' to the- ton. I used to coijure up visions, of. monster cakes. of gold cooling st in iinmense retorts, all the colors of the 'a. rainbow' playing on their surfaces >::]Ty the '-lo I side of the furnace 'in which the gold had t been smelted were pails-of quicksilver which '\ \--had fallen therein from the long pipes of the tI retorts, in showers of'silver stars; 't' ''There was inot"'only' feedom,-on the gold- 'W i.elds, not onlyadventure--there was romance si ithere was fairyland. For these'wondious rainbow colors playing i' like living spirits.upon the: surfaces of great I-t' cakes of molten. gold, these -showers of silver :hi Istirs, dropping from a:: height into 'clear to water, were veritable-to those who were lucky-enough--to discover-a-quartz-reef"eight .' feet thick, crushingg an. average of twenty' it ounces of golt~o the ton. Such things hap pened, and to men.who. :have,, been navvies ' and bricklayers in. the old country. It'fell'l'[ to my- share' to dream o'f'them ;ibut' I was..,t happy enough:.:-: igully." Sometimes, of an. evenig, oui go down to6him; :sometinies he would: come ... up to .me; sometimes. we-met.-on:.-the way. I think he enjoyed thohuri rswoe speit' to- a gethei?'I know I did. I ' We chatted upon alL manner of subjects, .l and he learnt froii me everythiig oiibertning ', my private .life which was ;wortW the telling; of,-his own.private conceriis'he never spoke until'the evening he came to bid me good- bye. T.... he-- overland -mail -was -in;- and--he -had Sreceived .letters at: the. post-oflice: .'One of; I Ithese letters contained a diraft for: one:thous-f • and orunds. ..... . • Si:.must,go to.Meibourne to get~it cashed,' he said ' :An agreeable surprise .to receire a draft' fer a thostind'pounds, eh, young un 1'; Y"Yes'·II:dig heiilini~?':' sli6Uildn't' mind 'I: ihopeu youowill never-e,iave. alike ex.e , rience,',he saidigloom7 ly.' .:.r,,: .: :"I looked at liiniri, " onder,". :',i -' .' ' T'Ie moneysi mie,, he: oitinied, but 1 t is flung .at.me, and:the lettes containng t 'conveys the sw?ietest newis. : " -..:' : . -i ..am "not a siaiit-" li iow'thatwelle'eriogh.. .-but I am not a scoundrel'neifitber' 'I'hake Jeenmy own enemy chifly,; ?it I. thought there was one who woiildu, hiaye.st~uck t.q .me. :,When Ibadahergoodbyeshe wepta:river:of NLaserof' myLfe " . -? I believed her, and I turned my back on e Old "England in the hope' tlat I tdouldreturn d some day and make her-my-wife. I' had got into scrapes, anid'ailarge 'sum of r money.was necessary'to 'clearinme. Till that f was done I could' iot settle dowrn';her people ' would not hear ,of'it. : c Well, my scheme was to come heie to the goldfields and shovel out the gold But luck t ha"s been against-me, so to carry out aii' idea I of mine ITsent liome 'for money.: Here it is t and'with i't ht:id iews that, if I-still 'wished'to marry the faithful woman I shall have to wait to she is eitherdivorced.or a widow. "I shall have my.revenge, thougb. I am haunted.by I a dream of gold, and there are more unlikelyi things than that it will come true. I. shall I hit upon a' golden reef that will be the wonder I of the world. I:baveodreaint it youngster. Then I will o b&aik; to Englandi .and my t money shall be'wormwood toher people ; they worship it, and so does *she. What do you !' say io coming prospectiing :th' me ' ' No,' .I said; ' I,shall stick to iny reef 'here. Don't you intend to return to the gully V " _ : 'W: hat: is the u. se? he replied. ,' Halfa pennyweigit to tle tub will scarcely pay for tobacco. No, I shall.;go and find my reef, and i~heii I'do you shall hear from 'me If ever you get back to the old country look me up. Here .isthle address of a legal firm in London ; they will tell you where to find me. I am sorry to part witiiyou young one, that I am . " .. .. 'Not io sorry as.I inr, I said.: I shall not" know what to do with myself, of an evening when you go. " ,We stopped up Tate talking. It was a most iovely night; and 'we strolled aibout the range, opening our.hearts.to each other.. From the height upon- which d'e stood we saw the lights'of the 'distatit township and the gleaming. white tents -ofthegold-diggers. It was .with genuine sorrow I bade him good bye. :. .. . I had hopes that he would' write to me from Melbourne, bit: I"did not hear anything of him. -Ilcan: say with ýtruth that I felt keenly the void- which his departure caused. But'the active life 1 led kept me from brood ing upon it. . Welsh Tom and the other man I employed, whose nai?e I f6iget, hd.-1 followed the'spur deep and daviously into the deep caverns of the range, always buoyed up by the hope of coming upon the. golden. reef for which we were prospecting. .:A iiice'dance' that spur led us; and at last we lost-i? altogether. We were a:hundred and thirty feet :down; digging'through'a bed of iron saidstone, which played the very deuce with:gads:and picks, and consumed no end'of'guripowder, arid then it was that Tom advised me to give up the hunt. Then it was also that Toi? told me a piece of news about Rick Patterson. ' I heard? in-the-township, said Tom, 'that Rick and Loo Rivers are now prospecting to gether.' . I opened .my eyes at this. L oo Rivers, who. had been workgin: the: gully. close to Rick Patterson's claim, was the last nian I sliuld have thought my;frieiid would have chummed #with a low-bred,. piarre!some fellow, and my particular aversion.' . 'I want to come across Loo,' said ?Welsh Tom. ''' will. take my oath he stole that short-handled pick of mine- the day before he madei tiracks.'for auother 'diggings. 1' will 'inak'eit wari 'forhir' if 1' catch him?. i . We fell to talkig" abou -the reef in the l'vain liint, forw .hich, I h~id spenit.s6 much ' money, and 1 said wve would work for another . Sfour Webks,'?.' d?if. 3e saw. no"iiidicdtion's we would .tuiii'-nit':' i t; ' is:"whkt"ive did a, tlie Gnd;'nrot 6flfouirr; utitf eilit weeks.' ' What.shall you -do,-Tom ' 1 asked. ' 1 shall go:-to' Ararat' ::said he. ' 1've .been','thinkin~'of if 1ng tiifre. There are 'golden, r~efs in the,rges tlhereabjouts.' :: It was :the :eommon dream-the golden reef) eight feet thick, averaging. twenty ounces to t ef 6."T"o'uid?-ifif there was a miner in all" Anustrlasia "who was not bit; by,. that:sediictiv6e erpent. ' .Will you take' me.:asa mate, Tom ?' 1 said. Th.e reason why I :did 'not propose that we should.remain on: the old terms of master and man was:that niy funds .wero running low; 1 had liarely' eiglit pounds left, and this 'I offeredl to throw irito the veriture. 'Welshl Tom Icould ha-e saved much more than that in my.-: servie& had it not been :that he went' on periodical :sprees, during which h. got:glori.oiusly drunk tbo th'e" ist shilling, he possessed.. : * It happened; however, that he: had inot induilged in one. of theseOsprees- for the last two or three: moiiths, iand that he 'could call :himself. master: of soine twenty torn and tattered biie pound'not?s. ; ; My eighty pounds against his twenty would equalise for 'a littleivhile the dispar ity .inour:.physical' poers:. ". But ltam sire he did, ot consider; liatd ,hie .h'eld :ouit his great; horny hand, ;and 'the :ibargah'Wi was stfitck. The iext oriiug we staiitedfor Ararat. .', it woas not Ton's intentionuto pitch, our tentwhererdiggers most did congregate. 'He Icrossed, some tlhree yers ago, and thither we directed our' teps. We'walked, for tFwo days, without seeing I ahuman being but ourselves,- and then Torn ',.:.Here we are . .: : It:was "a :wonderful- ran~ige of hills, and 'eraly strewnI with quartz. M'y hea:rt beat ':;:atIthe p';rospect, .d after the fashion , gold-diggers -1 commencedR at once chip S g..arid'breaking the storne and lopking : camo..across a.speek'. here and there, but Tom,wouldanot.allow me to.:linger long, 'L opting ,to; the highest, range ithin view, S .said :it was therewe would pu, up our d ,ent. ; : : . 1.t.waseyening,when.we reached, tie mdi t .tI ,po~t? andtheoWelsh Tomii, cli- tchingt y should'er, said . .i'm damned if somebr diyhasnt been here itA e n u th fre"'imr a tshaft which hai en sunk, and fromn earth piled arouin W.ej udged it 'bibuld n l6e lessi thisa a a'hunn [t 'They've beeh at work 'quWit1latl,': aidi e. m, exiMining the ijfi atiohs. 'W~'i'li see of it's at the bottoni?i "Dilt'i?" stI?f'~'irtt mugo. . as:.iiiSeP mej topt pu-u.poF tweIel !by gt• ca a n etinna nkdr'tEit ,lor v-jnr alone, saying he rouldhbc li'bicorithe third day. je tI;as quite contented' to'be'left there by cf myself, and-I" pegged out a.claim, sixty-four feet square, and employed myself during Tom's absence in rambling over the hills and chipping quartz for gold. s On the third day; Tom returned, and by I1 that time I had convinced myself that there a was more than one rich golden reef awaiting hi there to be unmasked. - h Tom brought a windlass, roperand buckets ii with him, and- the -flour and meat as well. w The meat consisted of half a sheep, for which- :h he paid three shillings. Early next morning the windlass was ti rigged, and the rope fastened on it, with the. bucket attached to the end. a I stepped into it,: andholding the rope with ti my left hand,: I gave the signal to lower down. In my right hand'I had a lighted candle.. Down, down I went, and landed at a depth I of about a hunidred -feet. h -But within a-minute of my taking foot out of'the bucket I gave the signal to be hoisted up again. t When I reached heaven's light I was as I white as a ghost and trembling like a leaf. 'What's the matter ' asked Tom. t tTom,' I said, 'there the body of a- dead c man at the bottom of the shaft.' i 'What's to be-done I' asked Tomrn. I 'I don't know;' I replied: - '1 don't dare to go down again.' 'You couldn't lower me, I suppose ' he I said. I looked at him--a great boned man, over sir- feet in height. 'I couldn't trust myself, I Tom.'- - ji 'All right,' he said. He lowered the rope and bucket, and then' ' by some means, made the upper end of the rope fast to the windless. -' Be ready to give me a hand if I want it,' . he said, ' and see that the rope doesn't slip. s Keep tight hold of the handle of- the wind- J lass' f He swung himself into the chasm, and hand under hand let-himself down. I' was in great fear for him. A- slip, a - frail strand in the rope, and he was 'a. lost man. But he reached the bottom in. safety, and remained there some time. • When his - work below was finished he raised himself to the top; and I gave a sigh 1 of relief at his safety. ' Well, Tom 1' I said. SIt's true enough,' he replied. 'There's a dead inan at the bottom, and i've made him fast to the bucket. What's more, lihe's been murdered.' 'Murdered !' I'cried. \- 'Nothing short of it. A pick driven clean into his skull, and with such force that the point of it got fixed in the stone. It was as much as I could do to- get the pick out and release the body. It must have been a planied :thing.' ' low do you know that, Tom V '\Vell, the two men being below, and one of them to be murdered, the d-- d villain must.have made his preparations to get up again, after he had killed his mate. There was no one to pull him up, .and he must have fastened the rope to the windlass, as.Idid ' arid got up and down 'that way.' All the.while he was talking he was at. work unfitstening the rope which he had firmly secured,.and;he now began to haul up the body bf 'the dead "tian.. \- :'-There's something. more yet,' said Tom. 'WhatI?t., , The men,. whoever they were,- were pros Spe?iting for a .reef. ' Down a hundred feet, .and no itrace of one.. Now if, the murderer had waited another day----' '. Well, Tonim I w ? 'Thhre wouiidhave been no murder done, that's all. S:Thepick iith whichi he- -killed- his mate. was fixed so tight in the side of the shaft : that lihadia job to get it out, as I told you. i. daresay the ixiurderer tried.tdoget it away, biit couldn't.: Now;. whenI did get the p;i~k'free'I f6unidit:-had been- driven into a Smass.of quartz, anrid' that 'the same-blow which killed a manm'pened out a golden reef. i Look here !' He'rested'from his labour, and showed me some picces of quartz. with lumps of gold Ssticking in them. At first my eyes glistened Sat tie sight, but the next moment a shudder Sran through- me at the thought of the dis i covery under such circuminstances. I :' Careful, careful, now,' said Welsh Tom, as the bloody burden came into view. \- I assistedto steerit out ef the death chasm I-and there it lay upon the surface of the hill with lumps of golden quartz all around it. ' He has- not been long- dead,' said Welsh I Tom, -'Not two-days I-should say.' i '-All the more chance of-catching the mur derer,' I said;- as I:. stooped over the dead body. My blood ran cold as I gazed at the .-ghastly; face. .'My. God,' I:cried, 'Its Rick . Patterson .' . ' :, Sure-:enough,' said Welsh:Tom; ' and the . eman who murdered him is LooRivers. Here :is?the.pibk he stohefrom me. I couldswear Sto it beceirse.of the:' T' cut-into the handle. r :Idid'it myselfU He shall swing for it, as : there :is a.Gobd- in,'heaven !- We:must:make and it will besafe enough for a few, days, till -.we.return. Let us Start at-, once; there is Snota minute to lose.' Wrappihgup the horrible burden as. well as wecould, we made our way to the town I ship, -some forty-eight miles off; and there, t as luck would have it, almost: the first man 1 ive met was Loo Rivers. Beforehe had time ! \- to speak Welsh - Tom -seized him, :and. held : himas in a vice. L could spin thestory out, but I will content myself with saying that , justice was done upon the villain Rivers. HIC died by the hangman's rope. ; The business- kept us in. the township for r some days, and then.we returned to the claim in:which: we expected' to :make our fortunes. Our. hopes were dashed -to the.ground. There { wasa goldfields :lawi,;thlit, if-.for: a certain number of-hours .no,:work .iiis. done on a Scliimi:it became the..propertbyof any person i who chose to take possession ofiit. r l'his process:oftaking.possession of a claim !!was 'termed 'jumping.' .,Well, duiring outr b absence obui: claim-: had: been- 'jumped,' arnd *.-hen- wegot;back; to it we-foundfour. Cor Li iish miriers. hauiing up:goldec quartz. It 'iw as. hardlines, but there was aso.helpfor it? :. Theoilawaras :on;, their side~ .Thereef that was discovered-.ixi> the :shaft ix.which -Rick Patterson-was-foully-murdered turned out to , be7bne o;,fthii richest in Aistralia?r-. -' I Iihave often wondered whether Rick Patt erson's people at home ever learnt what be camcr him. 