Continued ritom wednesday's SUPPLE ment.] tht sight of translation is reserved. SABINA ZEMBRA. «*, • A Novel. " i BY WILLIAM B LACK. Author " Macleod of Dare," Princess of Tliule." etc. CHAPTER XXXI, A Threat. One morning Sabina was seated alone anil at work—painting some flowers on a ti»rr(l*6iitta vase. She earned a little that Way now, thanks to Janie's intereassion with the manager of a well-known firm in Oxford-street. It was but a small addition to her income ; yet it was something; and she considered it as peculiarly •her own; and made no scruple about devoting it ■entirely to the comfort and welfare and amuse ment of her boy. As for her other money, •every farthing that slve could save, by the exer cise of the most rigid and constant economy, was claimed by Foster, whoso demands Were becoming more and more peremptory and ex tortionate. Not only that, but he had begun ©nee more to insist on her going to her father, to obtain some more suitable p-ovision; and plainly he warned her that, as soon as he was come south again, he would see that the present condition of affairs should be brought to an end. Sabina tore up those letters with a sigh. She knew that appealing to her father would be of bo avail. And even if their iftcome were to be donbled or trebled, what hope was there that Foster would change his mode of life ? Indeed she tried hard not to think of these things; and kept herself busily occupied in tending the child, and looking after the house, and Silling up every spare moment with this terracotta painting. But there was n shadow ever present on her brow ; and her manner was grave ; and she was a good deal paler than the Sabina of old. It was only when her boy strPMhBil Out his arms towards her thivfc ft SOit lustre of happi ness shone in the mild, beautiful eyes. She was seated at the table in her small par lour when she heard a slight tapping at the door. "Come in !" " A gentleman to see you, ma'm," said the little maidservant, and therewith Captain Raby stepped into the room. She had been so much engaged with ht>r WtJrli that she had not heard llith dpeil the front gate; and now she Was so Surprised by his unexpected appcaranee—having some swift momentary re collection of the way she had received him on a former visit—that when he said, " I have brought you some news of your husband, Mrs. Foster," she involuntarily asked him to be seated. He took a chair, put his hat on the floor beside him, and began to pull off his gloves. "Yes—I—I happened to be in the neighbour hood," and ho began, he had evidently forgiven her curtneason that former occasion, for he strove to be most amiable in manner, " and I saw Fred last week—the week before it was, nearly—and I thought I might as well drop in and let ynu know how he was getting along. Not very Well at this moment, I am afraid, though there is something of a prospect for hiin ; indeed I have a little commission on that subject from our mutual friend Mr. Russell, whom you may re member, perhaps," She paused for a second, she did not answer. " No, as I say, 1 don't think Fred Foster could be in a worse plight than he is just now. You see, he always was such a headstrong fellow. When things went wrong with him nothing would do but that he must force them right ; now you can't force things right if luck is against you." . " Have you any particular news of my hus band?" she interposed, somewhat coldly. " "Nothing very satisfactory, nothing that you would much care to hear, perhaps," he answered, as he quietly twisted his moustache, and re garded her. Then, he added, with an ironical smile : " Of course there arc compensating circumstances in every lot and Foster has at least hit upon one old acquaintance of his—an old flame of his, if I mistake not—a Mrs. Fairservice, who is pretty well off. But she is a very shrewd woman, is Polly Fairservice, and sharp ; I don't think she would be inclined to help him, unless she saw it to be to her own advantage." Sabina'a pale face flushed slightly. ' " Is that what you cavne to tell me, Captain Raby ?" she asked. " Oh,dear, no," h<?. aftYtffereil, blandly, "I only came to <"Oiiault you as a friend. I wish I could mc.ke yo\i believe that. But the last time I called on you you seemed to think it a very unwarrantable intrusion. Why ? I offer you my services—in any way you choose to command them." VI have no need of them," she said, stiffly. " But you might have need of them," " Will you tell me briefly why yoil are here?" " Yes, I will. I have come in your own in terests. I have come to consult your wishes. Believe it or not, I atn come as your friend— why, how otherwise should I come? Why should I bother myself about Fred Foster's affairs ex cept for your sake ? I think you might re cognise that a little. Well, now, I, Waat tU j know what you want done, PfiktUcaMy, Foster has deserted you—-"" ! "I befr your pardon, he has done nothiugof the sort; aim I will not stay to hear my husband's actions discussed in any way whatsoever," Sabina said; and she pushed away her painting materials, as if, on the least provocation, she . meant U> leave the room. " Very well; but the fact remains," he said, quietly. " Now this is a very mxserablo life you are leading—alono, away from your friends, with no amusement, with 110 one to protect you—" _ _ ; " That, at least, is true," she said. He continued without heeding the interrup tion: "And as far as I can guess, supporting a worthless fellow who never could earn his b\vn living, and who never will—" , ; " Captain Raby, J-'oft here as a friend— "Of yours." to Interposed. "One moment. 1 ask you to listen to what I have to say. It rests with me to decide whether your husband is to come back here or not." ' She stared at him in astonishment. " Yes, you are surprised, naturally; but such -is the case," he continued. "Foster's affairs are in such a precious muddle that he dare not show himself in any of his old haunts. Very well. There is only one man in the country who is fool enough to think of helping him out of tlio hole—and that is Johnny Russell ; and Russell will act on my advice. Suppose I say yes ; and get some money from Jack Russell ; and square certain people, and pacify others, so that Foster may return to London, and come here also, what are ym to expect ? Do you think he will ever be other than heist Would you like to have h im back ? Would it be to your again, do you think ? You see now that it is as a friend I have come to you—to consult your interests, and yours alone." He spoke rapidly and plausibly ; and she was a little bewildered. " But—but—in any case lie must be coming, back here," she stammered. He smiled. " Without Jack Russell's help, I think it will; be a very long time indeed before Masten Fred will show his face ou any race-course in Eng land." • "But here—to his own horse ! Bliesaid. "The writters would be after him liko a pack of wolves. No ; you may rest assured, dear Mrs. Foster, that we can keep your hus band from worrying you if. you wish it, if you will only look at your position in a sensible way, look at it is any woman of the world would look at it ; consider what your life is likely to be if Foster comes back penniless and desperate ; then, Ithink you will taketheobviously prudent decision of leaving him where he is. W liy, the whole situation is absurd. A beautiful woman like you—and living in a place like this ; the two things are not compatible." Sabina rose—her lip3 very pale— and she grasped the back of the chair with her hand. " I don't know—I dont- know whether you mean to insult me, Captain Raby " " I insult yon! Is it an insult to call a woman beautiful? Then your glass must insult you every minute in the day!" '■ But I must ask you to go. I do uot wish to have my husband's affairs, or mine, interfered with by any third person—least of all by you. ' " Oil, but really, now—" " Surely, surely," she said with indignation in her voice, " you will go when I ask you. You profess to be a gentleman." "Of course, I obey you," he said, as lie slowly took up his hat, and wont to the door. " But please remember it is for you to decide. And you may change your mind." When he had gone, she stood for a second irresolute—' for there was still prideand indigna tion in the firm-set lines of her mouth ; but the next moment her lips began to quiver a little, and presently she sank down into her chair again, and bent forward her head between her two arms outstretched on the table, and was crying aud sobbing like a child. For sho had been much alone of late ; and somehow She had fallen away from the high courage of the Sabina of old ; now and again a kind of despair would seize her, and she couli have wished to have done with this world and its ways altogether— if only her child were asleep by her side. But if Captain Raby imagined that, by simply doing uothing, he could keep Fred Foster in banishment in the north, he was mistaken. Quito unexpectedly one' evening Foster made his appearance at Wayside Cottage. "Why do you stare?" he said, sulkily, to Sabina. " I am not a ghost. I want something tk> drink." . ... He.looked travel-stained and tired ; and his boots were dusty. „ , I am afraid there is nothing ui the house, ghu said. " Nothing?" . " We never use anything of the kind: the girl has beer-money instead of beer ; so we have no need for it.'. " Well, then, aend to the Chequers—it will be open yet. Whisky; gin; any poison they have. Why don't you keep decent spirits in the. house? Saving, I suppose—cheeseparing—as if that \va3 any good. Well, there's grit to bo an end of that now. The farthing system has got to be abolished." She went to give instructions to the maid servant. When she came hack he said. " I suppose vou haven't been to your father/" "No, Fred, I—" . "I thought not; Well I liavt! comg hdrti W see tlmt ytiii do go, iihd that you make, your gOIllg worth while.. There's to be no nonsense this time, I can tell you ; it .isn't a. time for fiansensc." ! "I am quite sure,-Fred'' shepleaded, " that it won't be of the slightest use." r ' " You've got to make it be of use, he replied, " I must have two hundred pounds within tlie ! next three weeks;.and that only as a beginn I i"g." " You know it is impossible !" she exclaimed. " I know nothing of the kind.. But I do know that it dopnnds on you, if only you will put yout fine feelings in your pocket." " What can I do, Fred ? What am I to say ?" she asked in a kind of bewilderment. '* The first thing you can do," he said, coolly and methodically, "is to sit down and write a letter to my father, asking him for'fifty pounds. If you pitch the appoal strong enough, you will get it. easily. , Very. well. I cap put nly hands oil tiitJ I'iiiilaiilhljj iliilidred and. flitj* ft3 soon as I can show a reasonable prospect of paying it back by instalments ; and it is for your father to provide that by doubling your allowance. That is clear enough, isn't it?" " Anil even if you were to get the money, Fred——i . : " Well?" he said—for she had hesitated; " Would things be any better 1" "I don't know what you mean,"..ho said, , voY\gWjr " SUijtinrteAt, j Siipttos'e; \V®i)' it Isn't A tiiiie for StjiUIiiient with me, i can tell you. And when there is a chance of my pulling through, I'm not going to lose it without a fight. It's you that have got to provide the means. And that money I'm going to have." " But why should you threaten, Fred ?" she remonstrated—for his attitude towards lierwas quite menacing. " If I can get the money for you, you know I will. Don't I give yoii every farthing I can ?" «' 0hj thiVe jJattry , jSittaiidyi 'itrB' ■ gdod. I tell you this is a serious matter. It's my lastehauce. And if I miss it, .then I'm off to America or Australia, and that's the last you'll see of me," 'r . Here the girl came back from 'the Chequers, and Foster, having mixed himself some drink, lit hispipe. : ; " But I hope even with Raby before that,V he said moodily, '' What hub he b&Sft; doin^ ?" sh8 iskcit; "Oh, only like the rest! It's wonderful how you find out what huiu ui nature is when you're down on your luck. Quite useful it is, gives you such an insight. Here was Raby professing, to be great friends with me, offering to go up to London to squaro up matters for me, pretending he llad begged Johnny Russell to give mo a hand. Why it was by the merest accident I met Russell. Well, I will say, lie is a good fel low, if he wasn't such a fool. And then ho tolls me that Raby had re/tised to tako the trouble) and was eo kind as to say that the country : air : was better for me than coming to town. But I'll be even with him yet." . . - t " I suppose you know Captain Raby came down here?" she asked. ; He looked up angrily and suspiciously. '. ; ' " What was he down here for?" i. " He prdfeged *3 ba ariSiddn Id aSiwa yoii. j' " By Milling down liere? Then I will tell you the less you have to say to Raby the better," "I do not wish to have anything to say, to him," she answered, calmly ; " and I do hot think he is likely to come here again." The little maidservant now brought In supper but he could not be persuaded to havo any. j Perhaps the simple repast of cold beef. breid, lettuce, and water did not look Very tempting. | Sabiiia sat down to the table by horat'i/, ; j " You've nuvcf once asked about the boy, | Fred," she said reproachfully. j "OhI suppose he's all right," he said, with | some impatience. "If ho hadn't been: I should j have heard soon enough, I dare say. Yoii know I when I see yon sitting dthrn to .'Supper like that, it looks ridic(\lcSrt,sj and it Is ridiculciiis. It Is pur ; abs-irti, iSro oiifi Would believe it. 0/ course my father isn't as rich as your father, still between thein we should be living in a perfectly different- way. Water, " Drops of crys tal water." Not a. glass of sherry in the house. Why, what do yon suppose your people are doing at home just now? Your father at the head of a big dinner table, all the men smoking and passing the wine, the women gone up to the drawing-room and thinking it about time, to get ready to go down to the reception at the Foreign Office. That's.living. And you are of | the same family. Cold beef and lettuce. You i know its porfeetly absurd." But we had plenty to live upon, Fred, when we married," she ventured to remonstrate, ; " Surely, in a moderate way „w6 had aBiiHd.ijlcK I of everything we c'oAM'J W&ht;" ; . 11 \ bp; because I hada good turn of luck then," he retorted, " It was all very well then, ami you were satisfied. But now, when the luck's against me, now you complain." She glanced at him for a moment, " I dmit think," she said, slowly, " I don't think you ought to say that of me, Fred." " Oh. there are difrerent ways of complaining ; it isn't all done by talking. However, that's neither here nor there. That's not what I'm come about here_ to-night. I'm going to have one more try for it beforo I skip across the seas, and you've got to help me. . , _ When she had finished supper, and the little girl had come in to clear the table, he said to her, . " Now, the best thing you can do is to sit down and write that letter to my father, then I will look-at it and see if it will do." She hesitated for a second or two. "Fred, don't think me unwilling to do any thing I can for you. But—but I would rather go to my own father that write to yours for money—" " You've got to do both, and that's the fact," he said, bluntly. " This is not a time for half measures." i ! She went rather sadly to her desk. ; " I must see what he says in his last letter," she said. " He is more anxious than ever that , I should go ana live with him at Missenden." ' " Yes, I dare say," Foster remarked. ".-V*eiy likely. But we're not going into the catacombs just yet." : She sat down at the little table. ; " What shall I say ?" " Don't you know yourself? Better not tell him 1 am here, anyway. Can't you ask for it' an ac ount of the boy?—that would' fetch hiin.' Or you can blame me for it—that will fetch him, too; say I left some bills unpaid—that' is true enough ; and the people are worrying for their money, which.is also as true_as thegospel. Any-: how, pitch it strong." It is impossible, to describe the humiliation, with which Sabina set about writing this letter; but she wrete it nevertheless ; and although on looking it over, he grumbled that the appeal was not made sufficiently plaintive, he at: length forbore to urge her further, and she was: allowed to put the letter in an envelopo, to be. posted as soon as possible. But the next morning his manner towards her was of a. much more peremptory cast; for. ho had. mow to give her instructions ' about the - mission to her own father ; and that was of a -far more serious nature than the mere borrow ing of a temporary fifty pounds. i " You understand me," he said, as lie was preparing to leavo, " that. I make you distinctly ' responsible for whatever may happen. It's absurd to i nagiue that a daughter can't get her ! father to bealittle bitgencrous to her, if shegoes about it the right way. Of eonrse, if you stand on your dignity, so will he. If you give your self airs, he will be glad of it; it will bean excuse for his saying no ; and he will save the money. And miiul yon leave me out of it. Tell him anything you like about me—tell him I'm in a cancer hospital, or in America, or in Van Dieinen'a land, anywhere where his money is not likely to be of service to me. It's for yon and the boy. And considering the circum 1 stances, lie might be willing 1o plank down a good round aura to begin with. Everything will ! depend on how you do it " " Fred, I will do my best," she pleaded, " but don't be disappointed if he refuses. Is there no : other way you can save yourself? It seems so terrible to have everything depending on the one chance." " There is no other way, I tell you," he said, angrily. " And of course if you go shrinking and cowering aud assured of failure, you will ;fail. Very well; I tell you I will hold you ■responsible for what happens. But whatever does happen, you will be quite certain of one thing; if I am forced to leave the country, if I have to spend the rest of my; days in Australia, I mean to take the boy with me when 1 go. So you just remember that.". It was little he knew of the effect that these last words had upon Sabina; for he uttered them at the open door ; and without turning to look round, he.walked'tlowu to the little gate; and was gone. . (To be continued.) • Ccnious Geolociic.vl Phenomena.—This Cor dillera of the Andes has for sorao tiroo been ex hibit ing a curious phenomenon. It results from observations made upon the altitudes of the most important points, that their_ height is gradually diminishing. Quito, which in 1745 was 9,59li feat above the level of the sea, was only 9,570 fret in 1803, 9,0(>7 in 1831, and scarcely 9,520 in IS1.!?. The altitude of Qiiito h.iu therefore diminished by 7G feet i« the space of 122 years. Another pe'.V, the Piohincpa, has riircir.ished by 21S feet (luring the I tonus jvaiod, and its ciMtt-.r has descended 425 feet ! in the last 25 ye.:"?. That of Antisana has sun!: 1 lt»j feet in 64 ye -Lit, GazitU GrtotjvapMpic. 