THE SEARCH FOR MULLIGAN'S FORTUNE. BY W. T. PABXEB. Well, ye seé, yer honor,- Paddy Moni- gan lived always to himself-that is, nor altogether, as ye might say. to hiumelf thoroughly all ont, for he wouldn't refute a piut, or a quart for the matter of that, from a frind now an* thin, but ho didn't want to encourage much nf a resort to his lodgings. , .It wasn't because they wor in a bSck ' sthroet. for he wasnt proud. The dickens a bit of consato was in poor Paddy, but he had the name of a hap» of money", au'noboby ever heerd the, the jingle of it but himself. So it was a sort of curiosity to find out how he Was iivîtt\ but, *cute enough, he ken" all to himself, like a hermit of the mountains, whin he was in bis top back room. Now an' thin ye'd find him with an odd shillin', but, lite a motherless calf, it was always alone. Paddy seemed t0_ have no relations, or, if he bad, he didn't' encourage their ac- quaintance". But there's one thing cer- tain-Paddy was full up of money, wherever on earth he managed to scrape Wup. Some say that ho dbramod one night hs found but where there was a crock of g' oo|d hid in (he Dublin mountains-that e dug it "up in the dark and carried it home" in a trasket covered with water ¿resses. '. Ter basket's very heavy,! sie a polis to him one morninV ' What have ye got iu it f ' .NothinV siz Paddy. 'dust let me look at nbthiuV si" the polis." ^ ' Ab, it's only sods for a lark I have in the basket' this morniu'* * Well, just for a lark,TH have a look , at fbim;* éjz the constable. An' whjn he seen the gflflld, ' Sit down on the ditch h,epé,' B\% he. 'Tm not goip' to stop, i», the fopoe-r^I don't like it; and I hate to be. an Informer, so we'll divide the money au' say nothiuV . ¡ Paddy couldn't he]}) it, so they squared it on the ditch. But that's only a bit of the gossip that got out about him-jußt becauso his neighbors were jealous. Two or three,timos ho was on the pop of bein' married, but somehow he found out it was the money the girls wor driviu' at, au* he dhrew out of the job on a sudden. ' He checkmated thim,' as Lannigan the wax used to say. Well, though he grew to bo a purty j stale owld bachelor, all hie money, when- ever h* kept it. couldu't howld the breath in his body. Au' ono moruui' after wouderiu' what was become of him through not haviu' tu rood up since the day before began, a polis bruck open the dure, and fouud poor Paddy Mulligan scattliered over the bed, a dead corpse. Mrs. Kelly, the laudiady, said, ' His «aw! .must have tuck it's flight in the night.' They had a powerful search all over the place for tho moaey up iu the top back room. An' after a terrible sight of throuble, all in the world that they could come across was four and ninepence half- penny in the lift-hand calico pocket of his {browsers. The coroner brought his inkwest round an', sat on Paddy; but psha '. They might as well be thryin' to scrape the silver off the moon. Not a 6crap of cash, or any paper consarnin' any deposit, wal found either inside the room or outside the room. This vas the quarest thing at all. What ju tlie world had become of bis fortune? Was it tunk by the fairies P Or where was it scattered at all, at ailP i He hain't been robbed, for his windy j and dure wot bowited ail right whin he was found Mn' dead that tnornin'. Some said that may bo the nolis gushed it into his mittons, or it might have been s perri tod away by the owld boy ; for poor Paddy wasn't all Out a complato patthern in regard to his religious duties. Be that as it may, we're n<>t goin' to judge the crattter, noir ho'« gone; but what had becotno of his property was one of the dead sayer*-ts of the sthreet where Paddy lodged. Some said the lau'Haly hid put her mawlera ou it, but shure I knew her well roeself, for I was coovtin her, till I threw her up, be lar oin' that she conldu't hive stole* flock of it; an' she died in the poor-house af ter. Well, po»r Paddy was only just put into the ground for about a fortnight.: whin asthrauger kern to the house, an' with big tears rowlin' down his nose, he tawld Mrs. Kelly, the landlady, that he was the last iivin' nephew of Paddy Mulligan, his uncle. He discoursed ber for awhile, an' towld her he was pre . patin' for the Chnrch ; an', pickiu* a prayer-book nut of his breast pocket, be axed lar, with a mournful groan, to be allowed up to the room Where Paddy guv up hts ghost, PO that he might pray a few prayers for the poor unfortunate sperrit otitis uncle. Well, he med «neb a poor mouth, aud was so cut up in re- spect of wisltin' to »ave his uncle's sowl, that the widow couldn't refusa the erst her. So she brought him upstairs, unlocked the dare, au' hst bim in. He gavo three long churchyard sighs as if his heart was bruck. ' An',' aez he, * I don't want to be disturbed, Mrs. E>lly, while I'm at me prayers. An', wid yer lave, I'd like to lock meself in.' ' To be sure ye may, an' welcome,' siz she. An' she hurried off downstairs to auswar a knock that kern to the dure. Well, be hoppin' an' trotlin', sure enough be was a quare long .time wrast lin' wid hts prayers, an' the widow was beginniu* to get impatient at the taydious delay he was makin'. An' she was just : half-way up the stairs, when tho feet was nearly took from undher her be the fright of hearin' the most awful screochitt' coniiu' from the room where she thought the nephew'was say in* hjs prayers. Widxhe heart ieppn' about in her buzzum siie listened, an' she heard a wluppin' bawl of ' Holy saints in glory save me ! Oh uncle, let me out, an' I'll never dar lo come near the place again to look for yer money 1 Oeh owne, murdher alive ! Murdher Í Will no one come an' save me?' It was a very dark wi&therV; night, and : Mrs. Kelly tuck flyin' j umps down the stairs that ye'd (bink shed brakö her neck. Thô heart was put across, au* stye riâu: ont without her bonnet to try'an' get a polisman, and, after senrchin' about for \- some lime, she cotch ono bidha' in a hall round the corner, bavin a smoke. ' Gorae round, polis,* sez she, 'at once; ^bereis, tnurdher in the house V ' " The polis had only just lit his pipe. He did'nt like to be disturbed, for lié was n proud sort of constable! and pickin the coil out oï'iiis pi^'e, be squared himself tip before her with á corisated tury, au' sti|ffiu* tho cloy pipe in his buzgum, he .axed where yea the rqw, ' 0h,4on't í'teÜ yo off round the corner; a mau has hsén murdhered up hi, the f op ] room.'" Come! roW&" at once, polis, or thero'l^be holy sfengbter.* The polis proininaded solemnly rouud the comer to Mrs. Kelly's house, au goin' up the stairs, he put his showldher agin the dare au' siut it in. An' there up in the oft' corner, bawlin' out for, his bare life, was the nephew of his node, jammed sideways agin the wains- cot so tight that ye'd think he was grawin' out of it. His arm was stnck through a hole in the board right up to the root of tho showldher, an' lie roarln' that the ghost ot his uncle or the devil had him cotched into the wall. While all this fuss and throublo was goiu' ou in Mrs. Kelly's house« a mau bolted out of the next house for Iiis bare life, nearly, ye might say, half-naked, in his shirt and throwsers. Au' tarin' round for another polis, as luck would have it, he dropped on the sergeant, wipin' froth off his moust&sches;, out of the back.dure of a publichottse. ' Sergeant, come round here. I want to show ye a rat that I've cotch iu a thrap, an' I'm goin' to set the tarrier at him. Come on, sergeant.' The sargeant was of a sportin' turn, so he started off at once to see the rat- hunt, au' I suppose nid a eperrit »f keepin' ordher if there wasn't fair play. Up he wint up the stairs to the top back room. His companion unlocked the doro. * Look ¿hore, sergeant-ye soe how Fro cotch him/ At the same momeut there wa« an echo of roars behind the wall in the next room. And hangin' over the shelf of a press in the wall, and tied by a skein pf rope to the leg of the table, was the human hand of a man. Oh, not a word of a lie in it. It was cotch there like a double headed ».erat, ' 'What's yer mme?' ah the sergeant. ' Me name is Mick M'Hugh.' ' Well, tell us all about it,* sir. the ser* géant. Mick pointed to some bags of coppera that wor lyin' on the table,, ' Dye see .thim money-bags, 'sergeant P Well, I had thim locked up in tho press, sure enough, safe and sound. And I had only turned into bed, when I heard a tappin' and scratchin* at the back of the Eres?. I didn't mind it at.-first, but, egor, whin I heard some hard cnttin' and 8cufilin* through the boord, I quietly unlocked the press, and there, I sean the light of a candle through a bole already made in the boord at the back of the press. ' 'And af ter a while a hand was thrust through the hole.' The robber of the world had only time to ketch howltof one of rae money-bigs, whin I put a stopper on his night's work be grippin' a sndqen howlt of his fist. I had a piece pf rope in the cnpboord just handy, and I tied him to the leg of the table. 'Sergeant, wasn't it fortunate that I happened to be in so early, or I'd be de* st drayed entirely f ' -.¡,i ? - 'But where did ye manage to get all the bags of coppers ?? sie the sergeant. ' Well, I'm a charity collector, and thim is me rounds for the week. . And only luck was on mo side, to be in sb soon this evenitt', or I'd have got uieself into fiamin* throuble.* All this while there was great commo- tion in the next room. ' W ell, now,* sie the sergeant, ' do you keep an eve to the hand while I go into the other house, an* let it loose whin I give ye the word. I'll j »st find out who is it owns it. He thin wini up through Mrs. Kerri- gan's house, an' there he seen the' other ?tilts in a puzzle wid the neighbours rpftnd 'addy's nephew, where ho was' stuck agin the wall like a barnacle to a rock. 'Let go your howld of him, Mick M'Hugh,' roard the sergeant, 'until we bring him down to the station/ So Paddy's nephew was throtted off between the two, polis wid burglary an* falsewjvetences, an' other sarious crimes. 'What have ye got to say wiy sintence shouldn't be passed upon "ye,?' si's $he magistrate. . ' ' Well, ye -see, yer worship's honour. it's all very simple iu regard of how, the matther happened. When I heerd of me uncle's death. I was cocksure^ ail ont, that he roust hare lef j: money hid some* where in the roon}, an' I invinted au ex* cuso that I «as goin' to pray for Iiis poor sowl that's in glory, an whin I locked^ meself in the roorâî fair an' ai'sy, I began tappin' the wainscot till I kein tq a holla sound. ' Oh, bedad, I'm, all right now for sartaiu/siz Ij'au' I worked away wid" the chisel till I scooped ont; , a'; hole: ' Me heart got up in me mouth whin I felt the money-bags ; but whin I was cotche'd in the other room I was sure it was the ghost ot me nude that was guardin' the: bags. That's all I baye in regard of, the, whole consarn, yer. worshb^ slishour.'. * * Well, Larry, you'll go np for a month, for deeann' Mfg. Kerrigan widjye,r. sajge pwtenoes.' . * Thank yer worship,'sie Larry; an'he retired Into private life'for four weeks. Well, that was the fihishin* sarch for Mulligan's fortune-, .Thestory'S made me ihirsty,} JCU ' haye áuofchpr pint, yer honour. 