RUNNING GHu.TS TO EARTH. (TE BIOSTON ULOB?n.) Tacklilg epirits, seizoig apparitions by the throat, nailing halluolnations, peering into haunted houses, and boarding poeoks it their dens, experimenting with thought transference and mesmerism, and in gentral monkeying with all the unfathomable mysteries of the human soul- this is the unique ocoupation of a body of learned men called the American Sooiety for Psychioal ilesoarhb. In a back room of a modost-ookling house in ioyleeton place ie the headquarters of the eociety's secretary, Richard Hodgeon, LL.D. In this simple room, filled with books, pamphlets, and ciro.lase, sits the man who hopes that his efforts will aid in solving the riddle that all the sages of all toe nations have given up in vain-the "riddle of the painful earth." He hopes not many ye-are ill elapso ere eati factory answers nan be given to these world.old questione: What is mind? What is the soull Is it immortal? What is life and what. is death? He hopes that Nature's eupremest secrets will be wrung by force from her bosom, and marvellous revelations will bho made to mankind. And this know ledge will not be the result of any arguments or of heautifully cousetructed theories, but of hard frozen facts. Dr Hodgdon is an Englishman, about thirty.seven years old, a graduate of OCam bridge University, a profoundly learned scholar, ad a lovvelhoadod man of much sounid comon sense. He is an enhnisst, and is devoted, heart and soul, to the work of the American Socity for Paynhiosl Re search. He certainly dloesn't look like a man who hobnobs with ghosts, and Is on spe thing terms with spirits. In his clerical work, which includes a vast correspondence, he In aided by a good, rolu?t-looking blonde appar tion. She is also young and quite pretty, Witlh a srmewhat indistinct utterance, which seuds along at abtut twenty-twoi knots an hon D on fold th writer Research, 1 'Our eno:Dl7 was'formed,' he said, 'for the purpose Of making an organised and systematic attempt to investigate that dark horder land of human experience, and to examine critically the phenomena whion are not now explained bty any satietuotory theory. Scientific men of eminence in all countries admit the possible existence of what the unedtIeted nall ghosts or spirits ; and further, that one mind may exert upon another a positive influence otherwise tean hr. ugh the recognised sensory channels.' ' That is, you mean to say, doctor, that if, for instaneo, you are in Timhuetoo, and I in Oshkosh, I may feel my mind under an influence emanating from yours, which thus annthilaten time and space?' E ]xaoly,' he replied. ' And our society is cndeavouring to collect from relihble sources such facts, hecause if they are once teaoctostably established they will prove of the highest Importance. 'The chief departments of our work arc: '1. An examina'ion of the nature and extent of any influence which may be exerted by one mind upon another in what is popularly called a supernatural way. ' 2. The study of hypnotlm and mresn merism, and the phenomena of olairvoyanooe. '3. An inquiry as to the existence of re lations hltherto unrecognised by science bet-eesn living orgaeiems and magnetic and eleotric forces, and between living and inanimate bodies. '4. A careful in eetigation of and reports, resting on e'roug testimony, of apparitions occurring at the moment of death or other wise, arl .,f disturbannes in houses reputed to be haunted. 5\. An inquiry into various alleged physloal phenomena, commonly oalled spiritualistie 'In accordance herewith the research work of our society is divided among five committees, all of which are presided over by men of unquestioned ability, learning, ad fairness. Professor H. P Rowditch, of Harvard, is chairman of the Committee on Thought Transference; Professor Jonia' Royce of the Committee on Apparltions and Haunted Hnu.es ; IC. B. Cortey, a well known Bostonian, of the Committee on Hypeotism; Dr W. N. Bullard, of Boston, ,,f the Uommittee on Medlumisrla Pheno. mena; and Professor C. S. Minst, of H ar vard, of the Committee on Experimental Psychology SThat doesn't look like a co'leo'ion of cranks, does it ? Our society Is nomnposed of men of all sorts of beliefs and not beliefs Some are Spiritualists, some materialit", some theists, and some agnostics, but all Intent on the discovery of the truth, not by argumeet and ratiocination, but along the lines of Inncotestable experience.' 'Would an inquiry as to y ur own per sonal belief be impertinent, doe or ?' 'Well, I suppose, I should be probably called a Spiritualist. A number of years ago, when I was a student in Ccmhr dge, England, 1 met a man, an utter stranuer to me I have acltolent onuse for believing that he knew nothing whatever about me or my pust I Is. And yet this man told me, with such minuteness of detail, oiroum stances and events which I knew every n',e but myself to be ignorant of that I was forced to confess his miraculous insight ' When tOe writer looked a little incredo lous and ventured to interpose an explan. tion of the phenomenon. the doctor interrupted him and p oceeded ' This man, whom 1 met almost by saci Sent. described to me with absolute tidelity to truth the pecullar manner of my consin's death in Ans ralla twelve years previon'. where I was then living. He said be saw my Ooutin present with us ito the room, where he and I were sittina alore taliing jest as you and I are talking now. He told me of oau boyish pranks together and of Ilittle obildlsh secrets that my cousin and I had between ourselvyeg, He descrlbed, with perfect tgoh, many neignsticant and yet enduring impressions receved when I was si youth. !In facot, my whole past life lay before him like an open book. He road my Inmost seal. 'I was at the time, e as sort of recrealles, Investigating spiritualism, and from the number of frauds I had come across you may inmagine how hard I was to convioee. But this experience was sufaient to over como my scepticism. ' Another Incident of a different character, however, which came within my personai knowledge, eurved to confirm my belief that mind acts upon mind independently of matter or of time and apsoe. An English lady of my acquaintance living is Landon saw suddenly before her one afternoon the figure of her sister, clad in a shroud, and with her hair out close to her head, This sister was at the time on the voyage home from India, It afterward proved that en the very day and at the very hour when my lady friend saw the apparition her sister died on board the vessel. She had had her hair out off to send to her friends at home as a souvenir.' ' Why do not a few such instances as these, if incontrovertibly proved, establish your :theory beyond all possibility of douht? 'Because,' replied Dr Hodgson, as he filled his pipe, ' we are reasoning from foots to theories, and not vice votesa. The more facts we have the more solid is our foundation That would be a very treacherous structure which was placed only on one frail post. A theory of thought transference based on one or two or even a hundred cases, however well attested, would have no value. The existence of one spirit apart froms the body would not prove the exiltence of other ept i u. Theo fulfilmunt of one dream, the reality of one apparition, the verification of the promonoa tion, might be called a coincidence, and the man who should attempt to build a hbtory on it would be justly ridiculed, But give us out of 10 000 dreams, apparitions, or premonitions 1,000 which are verified, and the plea of mere coioldenoo no longer holds.' ` Do you anticipate satiafoetory results from the eooloty's investiga'ions ?' 'Yee, personally, I can say that I do. But the work is far from bsing completed. We have a vast amount of evi lence, but it Is not yet examined and sifted. A great deal of it ito of course, utterly worthless. The replies to our circulars asking for personal experiences are still coming In, and it will be months before tangible results can be an nounced.' 'Do you consider the haunted house branch of the psychioal business a dividends paying one ?' Tee enthuslastio doctor gave the ques. tioner a quizzloal look, drew three or four stacocato whiffs a his pipe, and said : ' No, that seems to me the most unsatisfactory part of our work, although several ino0n testable and unexplained facts have been gathered.' The Society for Psyohioal Research guards its gathered materials with great'., seoiy. Its rich fund of fact. is not published u".til they have been passed upon and thoroughly examined by the various committeee; even then the names of those who contribute their experiences are in no case furnished to the publico. Among the following are some of the mout astounding foots on the record : On let January, 1880, at 10 a.m., Mrs T., a laity living in a Western town, writes to a member of Congress, the husband of her daughter, in Washingtlon. Dr Hodgson hba seen theoriginat letter. This letter explains a telegram which Mrs T. had sent only three hours before, inquiring about her daughter's health The original of this telegram has ablo been seen by Dr Hlodgeon. The telegram reads: To tlin -,Ueu's st Rporosensslave Washina leou. o.--I ,u. taill ,sse it Nall needs mo. The signature is the mother's name, Mrs T.'s letter of explanation first says that she has been for some days anxious about her daughter Nellie's health, although there had been no illness of late. Letters from Washington had bond lacking for some days ; the last one had repurted the daughter as having jest returned from tmaking fifteen coats, ' very tired, and nearly frozen.' ' I waked.' says Mrs' T., Slasst night between 12 and 1 o'clock, deeply impressed with the feeling that Nell needed me, I wanted to got up and send a telegram. If I has consulted or followed my own in-t eUna?i6des. I would have dressed abd gonon . Mrs. T. went to sloep again; but in the morning the vivid impression returned As 7 a ?n. hMr 1' sent tle telegram, and wrote apparently befot. she r. ceivid an answer, tor in the margin of the letter is added the postcrilt: 'Telegram hero; thank goodness you are well.' The lady in WaVshington, whose mother had bad so vivid an experience, had been seriously ill during the same niht, although the morning had found her much better. Her attack was a very sudden one, which sha described as neuralgia of the lunge. with a hard chill. ' It must have been,' she says, ' about the hour mentioned in mlly moebor's letter that I at last exclaimed "Oh, don't I wish ma was here I I bhall send for her to-morrow if I am not better."' anthe morning came the telegrams from the West, but the patient was better, and she and her husband w re puzzled at her mother's uneasiness, and replied by telegraph: ' We are slt welt; what is the matter with you ' A Boston lady, whose ooeition is an abso lute guarantee of perfect good faith, wrote from tIamburg, Germany, on 23rdJune last, to her sister, who was at that time in Boston:-' I very nearly wrote from the Hague,' says the letter, to say that I wase -ery thankful when we had a letter from you on 18th June saying that you were well and happy. On the nigh, of the 17th I had what I supposed to be a nibt mare; but It all eosmed to belong toyoa and to be a horrid pain in your head, as if it were being forcibly jammed into an iron eseque or some such leasant instrument of sorturers. The queer part of it was my own di.assoolation fro", the pain and the conviotion that it was yours.' This letter. written from Europe six days aflter the nightmare. leaves no room for supposing that any now forgotten orcesrponlenoe had passed meanwhile. l is, tnerefore, inters. estiog to find, on a hill made out by a pro minent Bosaton dentist, under date of IDtb June of last year, end addresstd to the husband of the lady to whom th* foregoinog letter was wri'trn, an item for one and two third hnours' work on 17th June. It is ais Int.restiog to learn from the Isdy in qastion that this work was performed for hersetf, and was done upon a very painful filling. The diseomfort socceeding this work continued as a dull pain for some hours, and must have been simultaneous with her sister's nightmare. An old gentleman living at Albany hat been ll for months. BHIs married daugh eor resided at Waroester. One evening nlast summer she suddenly laid down the book she war reading and said to her hlnhbant: 'I believe father is dying.'" She wan strangely overcome by' ttse impression, sn there had been nothing whatever io te conversation or tn her own thoughts to lead to the sunject of her father's health. All that evening and the next morning thLe feellog hannted her, until a despatoh o0n' sal log that her father had died the evening before. A Lowell physician was called to eoo a patient about (l o'cloak one night. It was extremely dark. and in alighting from his onveyance he made a mis step sand sprained hi. ankle soverely. Hlls wife, who was at home in bed asleep, snddenly awoke with the vivid impression that an anoident had oco earred to her thusband. She arroe, awakened the servant, and dmmuninated her feari tC her. Nothing could Induce her to return to bed. At 1 o'oclook the doctor returned. and it was found that the moment of the a elPdenk and of hle wife's awakening were slmul' taneous. He was three miles away fromn home at the time. A young lady of Boston was visitlng her nuole at Montpeller, Vt. te had hbt recently moved thero, and she had never been in the Green Mountain S'ate ba fare. The slay after her arrival he took her to a jeweller's to see a cnroIn timepiece whloh hbad been mentlonid to a o u..?*saepaper. 'ThIisjeweler was a Perfeot stranger to both uncle and nleo-.. neithber having heard of him before. The lrentleman introduoed himself, and made -nosn has errand, and presented his niece The jeweller, a very oourteous, affable man r-?thed out his band to the young lady. HBk eyes caught sight of it, she turned pite. bdean to tremble, and did not take the proffered hand. On leavlrg the store she .aid to her uncle, ' I could no; shake hands with that man; there is blond on his fingers. He is a murderer.' Her unch rid:culed the idea, but it was afterwards iearned that thirteen ye.re before the jeweller had been Indicted for murder, although, owing to the breaking down of a winrass who at the fires ex?mluation had told a strai.htforward story, he had eecaped -vfIctlion. Mrs J., livi'g In the suburbs, had spint be a orning ahopplng in Ioston Ste says I returned home by train just In time to sit down with my children tu dinner. MI youngest, a sensitive, quiok-witted little maiden of three years, was one of she circle. Dinner had just commenced when I sod denly recollected an incident of the mornrpot shopping experience, which I meant to tell her, and I looked at the child with the full Intenlion of sayiog, ' Mamma saw a big blank dog in the store,' catching her et e in wine as I psased an loetan befor sp eking Justthen something called off my attentlio and the sentence was not uttered. Two mlantee later, imagine my ast,'niehment to hear my little girl exclaim. ' Mamma saw a big dog in a store.' 'Yes I did,' I gsaped, ' but how do you kn ?i' * With funny hair,' she added, calmly ignrrlrg my question. 'What colour was it i' 'Black.' how It was utterly imposaible for the child to have been given even the slightest hint of thelncident as I way alone in town, and had tot seen my children until I met them at the di aer table. Here is a narrative, vouched for by the bighest authority, of experience. In a house some miles from Worcester. The man who sends it ia a well known manufacturer, and bhi word Is as good as his bond, which would be honoured anywhere for I00,000dols. i?e wrote: In relating what I taw on a July mo'ning in 1883 at my house, which I had but recently pureossed, I will first describa the room i., which Isaw it. It is a bedroom, with a win. dow at either end, a door and a fireplace at opposite sides. The room is in the upper story at atwo story house, said to have been built before the revolution. The walls are un usually thick, and the roof high pointed and uneven. The occupants at the time I speak of were my brother Henry, myself, and a servant woman. The latter slept in a room on the basement story. A hallw -y divided my brother's room from minoe On the night before the morning above men. tioned I had looked my door, and having undressed and put out my light, I fell inft a sound, dreamless sleep. I awakened, about 3 o'olock in the morning with my face to the front window. Oponieg my eyes, I saw before me the figure of a wom.in stoop ing down, and apparently looking at me. Her head and s-oulders were wrapped in a common grey woollen ebawl. ftie nms were folded and wrapped in the shawl. I looked at her in my horror, and dared not cry out lest I might move the awful thing to speech or action. I lay and lo ked. and felt as if I should lose my reasor, Behind her head I saw the window and the growing dawn. the looking glass upon the toilet table, and the furniture in that part of the room. 'After what may have been only a few seconds-of the duration of this vision I cannot jtige-she raisedr herself and wen backward itwarld the window, stood at the toilet' table and gradually var tshed. I mean she grew by nrgrees transparent, and that through the shawl and the grey dress she wore I saw the white muslin of the table oover again, and at last saw only that In the place where she had stood. For bhimr I lay as I had lain on waking, not daring even to turn my eyes, lest on the other side of the bed I sho" ld see her again. Now there is one thing of which I oou'd take my oath. and that Is that I did not menton this circumstance either to my brother or to our servant, or to any one else. ' Exantly a fortnight afterward, when sitting at breankfast, I notlied that my brother seemed out nf sorts and did not eat. On my asking If anythung was the matter, be replied, 'No; but I've had a horrible nightmare. Indeed,' he went on, 'it was no nightmare. It wan early this morning. jnst as dlstinctly as lese you.' ' What?' I akes4. 'A vllitatnne-itohking hag,') he answered, ' with her head and arms wrapped -in a grey h awl, stooping over me and looktng like this ' ' e got up. folded hIfs arms, and put him eelf in the post re I remembered so well He then described how the figure moved towards the door and disapp, ared. ' Her malevo lent face and liher posture struck terror to my soul.' 'A year later. In 'he month of July, ore evening about 7 .'aleck, my second eldest sister and her two little ohildree, who were visilting us, were the only to ke at home. 'The eldest ohild, a boy of five years, wanted a drink of oater, and on lievirg the dining room to fetch it my sister desired the children to remain there tI I her rota n, she leaving the door open. Coming back as quickly as possible she met the boy, pole and trrmblirg on his way to her, and arked why he had left the room ' Oh.' he said, 'who is that woman? Who is that woman1' ' Where 7' she asked. ' That qld woman who went up stairs,' he answeret: ?be tried to convince him that there was no one else'n the house, but he was so agitated and so eager to prove it that she took his trembling hand in hers and brought him upstairs, and went from one room to an other, he searching behind oustains and under beds, still maintaining that a woman did on no the stairs. My aister rightly thought that the mere fact of a woman going up stairs in a hruse whore she una a stranger would not account for the child's terror. 'A nelohhbonr of ours start d when we first told him what we had seen, and then asked if we had never hoard that a wrman had been murdereld in that hoeso many years previ"ousa to cor purchase of it. He said i t had the repntation of heinq bsaunted Thin was the firet in'imation we had of the feoet. SOn the night ,of the 7th July, 188 1 was wakened from a sound eleop hy nmoe one speaki g acloo to me I turned retnd, say. nlog, Emily. what is il ?' thinking that mny sister, who slept in the roam next to mine, had come in. I saw plainly the flBure of a woman,who deliberately and silently moved away toward the door, which remained b?rt, as I had left it. STwo days alter this occurrence I was wakeneod ahout U o'clock in the morning by a presentlment of approiching evil. I opened my eyes, and distinctly saw the form or a darkly.clad, elderly female bending over me with folded arms and glaring at me with the most intense malignity I tried to soream, and 'trugrled to withdraw myself from her. when she slaowly and etlently receded back. ward, and seemed to. vaniush through the bedroom door.' 