[?] Froude's West Indies.* Any new book by Mr. Froude is sure to find plenty of Australian readers. When a man has written about ourselves, we naturally want to see what the feame observer says about other people. From this particular author, too, we know that we shall get a readable book, for he has the secret of 'n charming style. It is a pity that his historical is not equal to his literary talent. But all the Australian readers of ' Oceana' have found out that he is careless about de tails and not to be trusted for accuracy. He prefers philosophy to facts, and though he can draw pretty pictures he lets his imagination play a large part. We could check him when he was writing about our selves, but we have not the same advantage when r jading his comments on the West Indies, and though lie expresses himself everywhere very confi dently, we are haunted by an uneasy suspicion that many of his statements may be erroneous. 'The Bow of Ulysses' is partly a book of travel, partly a series of social sketches, and partly an attempt at hifctory, but in the main it is meant to be a book of modern politics. It is a glorification of a distant past, and a diatribe against modern Liberalism. Mr. Froude has taken up and repeated Carlyle's views about negro emancipation, free trade, and a govern ing class, and has applied them all in a censure of our administration in the West Indies. In coming first to Australia, and then going to the Caribbean Sea, Mr. Froude has inverted the order of history, for England went mad with pride over the conquest of the tropical islands in the west before it had the ghost of an idea of the value of the island-continent in the far south-east. Now it is beginning to appreciate Australia and to look upon the West Indies as a part of its empire which is more plague than profit. But our grand fathers thought very differently, and not with out reason, for the acquisition of the West Indies was one of the great achievements of that period in our history when England was matched airaiuht the Continent, Protestant against the Catholic own tries, and when our great naval commanders dared not only to face foes bigger than them selves, but to take upon themselves the responsibility of great naval engagements. We must quote. a portion of Mr. Froude's description of Rodney's great victory, because otherwise the reader will not fully appreciate why the second title of his book is the 'Bow of Ulysses':— When the American colonies revolted the West Indies became involved in the revolutionary hurricane. France, Spain, and Holland, our three ocean rivals, combined in a supreme effort to tear from us our Imperial power. The opportunity was seized by Irish patriots to clamour for Irish nationality, and by the English Radicals to demand liberty and the rights of man. It was the most critical moment in later English history. If we had yielded to peace on the terms which our enemies offered, and the English Liberals wished us to accept, the star of Great Britain would have set for ever. The West Indies were then under the charge of Rodney, whose brilliant success had already made his name famous. He had done his country more than veoman's service. He had torn the .Leeward Islands from the French. He had punished the Hollanders for joining I lie Coalition by taking the island of St. Eustachius and three millions' worth of stores and money. The patriot parly at home, led by Fox .and Burke, were illpleased with l liese victories, for they wi -hed us to be driven into surren der. Burke denounced Rodney as he denounced Warren Hastings, and Rod ley was called home to answer for himself. In his absence Demerara, the Lee ward Islands, St. Eustachius itself, were captured or recovered by lie enemy. The French fleet, now supreme in the Western waters, blockaded Lord Corn wallis at Yorktown and forced him to capitulate. The Spaniards had fitted out a fleet at Havannab, and the Count dc Grasse, the French admiral, fresh from the victorious thunder of the American cannon, hastened back lo refurnish himself at Martinique, intending to join the Spaniards, tear Jamaica from us, and drive us finally and completely out of the West Indies. One chance remained. Rodney was ordered back to his station, and he went at his best speed, taking all the ships with him which could then be spared. It was midwinter. Re forced his wav to Barbadoes in five weeks, -spito of equinoctial storms. The Whig orators were indignant. They insisted that we were beaten. There had been bloodshed enough, and we must sit down in our humiliation. Tho Government yielded, and a peremptory order followed on Rodney's hack, ?'* Strike your tiajr and come norm.-.' Had that fatal command reached him, Gibraltar would have fallen, and Hastings's Indian Empire would have melted into air. But Rodney knew that his time was short, and he had been prompt to use it. Before the order came the severest naval battle in English annals liad been fought and wen. Dc Grasse was a prisoner, and the French fleet was scattered into wreck and ruin- ... In. number of strips the fleets were equal ; in size and complement of crew the French were immensely superior, and besides the ordinary chip's companies they had 20,000 soldiers on board who were to be used in the conquest of Jamaica. Knowing well that a defeat at that moment would be to England irreparable ruin, they did not dream that Rodney would be allowed, even if he wished it, to risk a close and decisive engagement. The English admiral was aware also that his country's fate was in his hands. It was one of those supreme moments which great men dare to use, and 6mall men tremble at. He had the advantage of the wind, and could force a battle or decline it as he pleased. 'With clear daylight the signal to engage was flying from the mast head of the Formidable, Rodney's ship. At 7 in the morning, April 12, 1782, the whole fleet bore down obliquely on the French line, cutting it directly in two. Rodney led in person. Having passed through and broken up their order, lie tacked again, still keeping the wind. The French, thrown into confusion, were unable to reform, and I be battle resolved itself into a number of separate engage ments, in which the English had the choice of position. Rod ney, in passing through the enemy's lines the first time, had exchanged broadsides with the Glorieux, a 74, at close range. He had shot away her masts and bowsprit, and left Uer a bare hulk ; her flag, however, still flying, being nailed to a splintered staff. So he left her, unable at least to star, and after he had gone about came himself, yardarm to yardarm, with the superb Ville de Paris, the pride of France, the largest ship in the then world, where De Grasse i-onimanded in person. All day long the camion roared. Rodney had on board a favourite bantam cock, which stood perched on the poop of the Formidable through, the whole action, its shrill voice heard crowing through the thunder ot the broadsides. One by one the French ships 6truck their Hags, or fought on till they foundered and went down. The carnage on board them was terrible, crowded ae they were with the troops for ?The English in the West Indies, or the Bow of Ulysses. By Jamee Anthony Froude. London: Longmans, 1888. vSEm^Lu Fourteen thousand were reckoned to have been tolled besides the prisoners. The Ville de Paris surrendered last, fighting desperately after hope was gone, till her toasts were bo shattered that they could not bear a eaU, aad Her decks, eboveand below, were littered over with mangled men. De Grasse gave up bis sword to Rodney, on the *ormidable'6 quarter-deck. The gallant Glorieux, unable to fly and seeing tlic battle lost, Irui /0Wn hcr fla&\- *'it *ot t»U -be undisabled members of her crew were too few to throw the dead into the sea. Other ships took fire and blew up. Half uie trench fleet were either taken or sunk; the rest crawled away for the time, most of them to be picked up atterwards like crippled birds. So on that memorable day was the English empire saved. Peace followed, but it was peace with honour.' The American colonies were lost; but England kept her West Indies; her flag still floated over jibraltar; the hostile strength of Europe all combined had failed to twist Britannia's ocean sceptre from her ; sho Eat down maimed and bleedine, but the wreath had not been torn from her brow, she was still sovereignof the seas. lhe bow of Ulysses was strung in those days. The order of recall arrived when the work was done. It was proudly obeyed, and even the great Burke admitted that no honour could be bestowed upon Rodney which he had not deserved at his country's bands. This is spiritedly written, and reproduces for us the enthusiasm of a hundred years ago, when our forefathers proudly believed themselves to be invin cible. But does Mr. Froude, by his lamentations over the unstrung bow, really wish that our navy should be doing the same sort of work now r Would he like to see the Nelson despatched from Sydney to bombard Noumea, or to tear down the German flag from the northern coast of New Guinea: We have men still in our fleet who would do and dare anything that was done in Rodney's time, but they are not ordered or even suffered to do it. The spirit of the age and our sense of justice will not allow it. The bow of Ulysses could be strung again, but we have not at present any work for it to do. The English enthusiasm over the conquest of the West Indies was justified for a time on commercial as well as on naval grounds, for the islands became a valuable possession. The virgin soil was fruitful, slave- labour was abundant and could be relied upon, and colonial sugar was protected in the English market. Plantations were so profitable that the pro prietors could afford to be absentees, and Bristol grew and fattened on the ships that came and went. Then came the change. The English conscience rebelled against the patronage of slavery. English economists condemned the policy of colonial protection ; and sugar, grown to equal advantage elsewhere, was poured into the English market, and the price and the profit went down. Of these three changes, two were political and one was com mercial, and the two first Mr. Froude im peaches as sentimental and theoretical. But does Mr. Froude really wish that slavery had not been abolished, remembering, as he must, that, if England had not taken the lead in abolition, America probably would not as yet have adopted the same policy ? And does he really wish to establish an Imperial Zollverein as against the rest of the -world ? He does not ven ture to say 60 ; but if he is not prepared to go that length it is a -waste of words to charge the decadence of the West Indies on the English passion for liberty. But that we have gone wrong he does stoutly main tain, and he throws the blame on our political orators, and of course on the English weakness of character, which is more captivated by grand talk than by grand deeds. If the British Empire is still to have a prolonged career before it, the men who make empires are the men who can bold them together. Oratorical reformers can overthrow what deserves to be overthrown. Institutions, even the best of them, wear out and must give place to others, and the fine political speakers are the instruments of their overthrow. But the fine speakers produce nothing of their own, and as constructive statesmen their paths are strewn with failures. The worthies of Engl ind are the men who cleared and tilled her fields, formed her laws, built her colleges and cathedrals, foundei her colonies, fought her battles, covered the ocean with commerce, and spread our race over the planet to leave a mark upon it which time will not efface. These men are seen in their work, and not heard of in Parliament. When the account is wound up, where by tho side of them will stand our famous orators ? What will any of them have left behind him, save the wreck of institutions which had done their work and had ceased to secure useful purposes ? That was their business in this world, and they did it, and do it : but it is no very glorious work, not a work over which it is possible to feel any fine enthusiasm. To chop down a tree is easier than to make it grow. When the business of destruction is occe completed, they and their fame and glory will disappear together, our true great ones will again be visible, and thenceforward will be visible alone. Is there a single instance in our own or any other history of a great political speaker who has added any thing to human knowledge or to human work? Lord Chatham may stand as a lonely exception, but except Chatham who is there ? Not one that I know of. Oratory is the spendthrift sister of the arts, which decks itself like a strumpet with the tags and ornaments which it steals from real superiority. The object of it is not truth, but anything which it can make appear true — anything which it can persuade people to believe by calling in their passions to obscure their intelligence. This again is the doctrine of Carlyle — that great talker and writer and that great advocate of silence. It is an exaggeration, though built, it must be admitted, on a basis of truth. In democracies oratory is a danger. Demosthenes and Cicero were bad politicians, and did nothing either as soldiers or statesmen to compensate for the bad advice they gave. In our own day one of our greatest dangers is the delight of our -working class in stump orators, and then- disposition to send them to Parliament in preference to clear headed and hard-headed men who, though they can say less, can see more. But to return to the West Iudies. Mr. Froude went from one island to another, and everywhere he found the same state of things, though more developed in some than in others. Plantations Ijave fallen in value ; absentee-ownership is siniply ruinous. Success is only possible to a resident proprietor free from debt and'a good manager. But he mentions one instance of a shrewd Yankee whose mind was free enough to get him out of the ruts of common custom, and finding that sugar did not pay has made a fortune out of bamboos. Why should English planters have waited for an American to show them the way r The ground will produce other things besides sugar, and if one crop will not pay perhaps some other will. As it is, the English planter population has been steadily drifting away, and liberal institutions have been increasingly conferring political power upon the negroes, who have not shown themselves capable of working democratic institutions to advantage. He contends that under the experiment they have been rather going back than going forwards. The old African superstition, indo lence, and barbarism are still dominant, and, when all restraint is removed, show themselves. The African is indolent, sensual, and contented -with little, and therefore has not the elevating force within him. Mr. Froude expresses his views on the power different races have of rising as fol lows : — The African black has been free enough for- thousands, perhaps for tens of thousands of years. Generation, has followed generation, and the children are as like their fathers as the successive generations of apes. The whites, it is likely enough, succeeded one another with the 6ame similarity tor a loug series of ages. It is now. sup posed that the human race has been upon the planet for a hundred thousand years at least, and the first traces of civilisation cannot be thrown back at farthest beyond six thousand. During all those ages man went treading on in the same steps, century after century, making no more advance than the birds and beasts. In Egypt and in India, and one knows not where, accident and natural development quickened into life our moral and intellectual faculties, and these faculties have grown into what we now experience, not in the freedom in which the modern takes delight, but under the sharp rule of the strong over the weak— of the wise over the unwise. Our own Anglo-Norman race has become capable of self government only after a thousand years of civil and spiritual authority. European government, European in struction, continued steadily till his natural tendencies are superseded by a higher instinct, may shorten the probation period of the negro. Individual blacks of exceptional quality, like Frederick Douglas in America, or the Chief Justice of Barbadoes, will avail themselves of opportunities to rise, and the freest opportunities ought to be offered them. But it is certain as any future event can be that, if we give the negroes as a body the political powers which we claim for ourselves, they will use theni only for their own injury. They will slide back into their old condition, and the chance will be gone of lifting them to the level to which we have no right to say that they are incapable of rising. In the United States a great many negroes are steadily rising, but they are doing so under the strong force of emulation and competition. They are, and always must be there, a numerical minority, and they can only achieve position, power, or property, by earning it at the price of great labour. But in the West Indies the negroes are immensely in the majority ; and where they possess land and have the political power, the temptation to elevate themselves is wanting. Certainly, in Hayti, where the experi ment has been tried for 90 years, it has proved a disastrous failure. , Mr. Froude quotes with justifiable approbation a remark made to him by one of the American gentle men he met, deprecating despondency. *' I never knew,' he said, ' any good come of desponding men. If you intend to strike a mark, you had better believe that you can strike it. No one ever hit any thing if he thought he was most likely to miss it. You must take a cheerful views of things or you will have no success in this world.' But the book in which this advice is embodied is certainly written in a desponding tone. Not that Sir. Froude thinks that there is no possible recovery for the West Indies, but that he thinks that the right course will not be taken. He has his remedy, arid he proclaims it plainly enough, namely, tliat we shoul d do in the west as we have done in the east— govern the West Indies as we govern the East Indies — that is to say autocratically through men of governing capacity, left reasonably free to act according to their discretion ; but he re cognises that the Indian is far (superior to the African. Some thousands of coolies have been sent to the West Indies, and he says that they are a great success, and he seems to think that if all the coloured labour had come from India instead of from Africa, the West Indian Islands would never have come to their present condition. But it is too late new ; the Africans are thoroughly domiciled, and they are very fertile. They multiply in slavery and, they multiply in freedom. They will never die out, and leave the ground clear for another experiment. The only one chance in Mr. Froude's opinion is to raise them through the agency of a strong Govern ment. They are in the condition in which restraint is essential to their progress ; but that restraint, he fears, will not be imposed under the regime of modern liberalism* ? 