PRICE SIXPENCE, The Adelaide Observer, published weekly, contains THE NEWS OF THE WORLD. Advance Subscription, 6t. per quarter, 22s. per year, including postage; Single Copies, 6d. May be obtained from Agents In every Township In the Colony or at the Head Office, GrenfeU-atreet, Adelaide. THXCHRISTMAS " OBSERVER."—The Christmas issue of the Adelaide Observer will be ready for delivery to-day. The publication maintains in every respect the high reputation of its predecessors, which have won so great public appreciation as to tax the resources of the publishers. One special feature of this year's number is the large coloured supplement, which Is not only intrinsically highly meritorious as a work of art, bat deals with A thoroughly homely subject. The original picture is by Ralph Hedley, a well-known English artist, The scene Is tht> Bigg Market, Newcastle-on-Tyne; the time, early morning. In acarrier'stuted cart a rosycheeked little lad is sitting sleeping, watched over by his dog. The dog's faithful devotion to his young master is stronger than his natural longings, for he allows to be undisturbed a hare that hangs from the cart covering, and an unoovered hamper, from the network of which pigeons peep. In every detail the picture is naturally concaved and artistically executed. Besides this work of art an extra literary supplement of twenty-four pages helps to swell the usual volume of the weekly number until this Christinas Observer becomes far »» a y the largest newspaper issued in Booth Australia, and one of the largest sent out from any newspaper office in all Australia, The special aim seems to have been, always with strict regard to the quality of the work, to give encouragement to South Australian writers, supplementing their literary efforts with stories from some of the most ^celebrated English authors. Of the latter Monk Foster contributes "The Black Mots Mystery, a Christmu Mining Story," and MissAdelina Sergeant writes "Fleetwood's End," a story of two Christmas Eves. The bulk of the matter is Australian, the object being to depict colonial life in all its aspects. Heron Shaw, whose reputation is established as a writer of highxlass stories betraying a keen knowledge and close analysis of human character, tells a story of exploration and strange discovery under the title of "An Aus ralian Galatea." Lindsay Dnncan, also widely known for charming descriptions of Australian life and scenery, in poetry Bnd in prose, relates " Tbe Strange History of a Christmas Card," and has poetical pieces in addition. M. Gaunt furnishes as element of sensationalism in The Ghost of the Prince Rnpert," and Mr. Jfi. Davenport Cleland, who is the author of the principal Christmas tale for the Australasian this yeBr, has contributed a sparkling narrative under the attractive heading of MIES Isomer's Nonsense." Miss Spence pleasantly pozzies her readers »ith a special "Actiug Charade," and . V^. 0 * narrates the experiences which ^ 1 of i^ fi- „' T»o Christmas Days —the.Jailing Cross." The body of the p» D er contains "an Australian Ghost Story," bv M.r., "His Certificate of Freedom—a West Australian Story," by Alex, Morrison; and tbe work of other writers who are familiar to the readers of the Observer, and in this connection should be specially mentioned the poems of regular contributors, and the "Literary Mince Pie," the puzzles and the problems which " the Riddler " provides for his numerous readers young and older. This Christmas issne is altogether a wonderfully good sixpence worth. INSPECTION OF COAPTLWE.—Major Genera Downts, accompanied by Brigade-Major l-ovett, left Adelaide on Tuesday afternoon to inspect tbe coastline between Brighton and Cape Jer vis. They will return on Thursday night. 