CONSECRATION OF THE CATHEDRAL. THE NEW BUILDING. The building consecrated by the Primate Of Australia yesterday) had its origin more those eleven years ago Its , eftlHif?H writes Decided upon and meeting of parishioners heldJoii June! 22, 1877, but more than two years clrp'eS l~:crcr<» after test of constructive began. In October, last, the workmen team menced operations, on plans furnished by Mr E. Blackett, architect, of Sydney. By May of the following year the foundations were completed, and in the ensuing November, a cornerstone of sandstone was laid at the NE. angle of the N. transept. The stone bears the inscription I THIS CORNER STONE of The CAtHeDraL GIMME oF St. gWrAk was laid by His Excellency Sir William C. F. .,. RaNSON, K.C.M.G. the 2nd day JJf Po'veriiMir: or ..188d. ; ," In Der Glcriaiiil . A second contract for cbiripietinj} the walls as to 18 feet Was, jifleiwa.ras entered a contest and after . some delay this contract, was completed "in. May, 1834. By tliejend.iit)fj.l8C7, the building (with the exception or the chapter House had been completed externally, and the internal fittings at present existing were in place at the opening of the Cathedral on August 8th of the present year. It was then stated by the Bishop that the receipts from all sources amounted to £12,87 14s 6d, and the expenditure to £1/,872 10s 6d. Cruciform iii design, the Hate and chancel measures 15 feet froth with Tf.; add the transepts from N. to S., 90 feet, while the height from the floor of the have to the apex of the nave roof is 70 feet. The church has, in round numbers, sitting accommodation for 1000 personal. The style of architecture belongs to the first period of early English. The nave which is 110 feet long and 30 feet wide has a colonnade of five arches on each side, four of which are supported by pillars of Melbourne blue stone, moulded at the capitals and bases. Probably the most beautiful feature in the Cathedral in the three admirably proportioned lancet windows at the east end j these will shortly be filled with stained glass; the gift of His Excellency the Governor. Another window, excellent. in design and proportion, is the rose window above the western entrance. The chancel is raised from the nave by three marble steps ; a fourth step leads to the platform of the" episcopal throne, six steps to the Presbytery; and revert to the altar: Tile ifitraitiiro of the chancel is of jarrah and cedar, and consists of the Episcopal throne; Choir; and Canon stalls, Epistle and Gospel desks. Beneath the east end window the wall is covered by drapery in green, old gold, and. crimson. The pulpit, presumably a temporary structure, is of jarrah, and of severely simple design. The brass eagle lectern, a prominent object in the old cathedral; stands forth in the new building amid rtldire appropriate surröi*ndit1gs than in the old Hue. The seats for the congrega- tions include the jarrah benches from the old church, the remainder being chairs, fitted with hat racks and shelves for books. the consecration; The. solemn dedication of the Cathedral to the public worship of God took place yester- Day morning. In connection, with the con- secration three services were performed, the first taking place at 8 a.m., when, the Holy Communion was administered, arid special prayers suitable to the occasion were used. The second service took place at 11 o'clock in the morning, when the consecration ceremony was performed. Long before the hour, the congregation commenced to collect in the Cathedral, and by the time the second ball began to tell the only part of the building which was not fairly well filled was the nave. The congregation was, therefore, a considerable one, and included not only the members of the Anglican Communion amongst whom were visitors from Fremantle and Guildford, but a large number of persons belonging to other religions denominations in this part of the colony. The congregation was therefore the largest that has ever taken part in a religious festival in this colony, and worthy of such an important event in its history as the consecration of one of its chief churches. As the bell ceased to toll, the Rt. Rev. H. H. Parry, D.D., Bishop of Perth, attended by his chaplain and registrar, and accompanied by the Most Rev. A. Barry, D.D., Primate of Australia, and several members of the clergy, was received at the western entrance by the Dean and chapter, and officers of the church, the choir and clergy standing in a double line along the nave. There a petition for the consecration of the sacred edifice signed by Mr J. W. Hackett, people's churchwarden, and Mr E. Sholl, diocesan registrar, was delivered to Bishop Parry who received it, and ordered it to be read, which was done by Mr Hackett, the congregation standing all the time. The petition having been read, the Bishop signified his consent to consecrate the Church according to the prayer therein contained. In accordance with ancient practice, the service opened with Psalm xxiv ("Lift up your heads, O, ye gates "), which was interred in the nave of the church by the Primate and the choir and the clergy. At the conclusion of the Gliria Patri, a procession was formed in the following order The Vestry. The Choir. Rev. J. A. Wood, curate of St. George's. Revs. T. Pritchard and T. Kemm. Revs. C. E. Groser and E. S Clairs. Revs. Williams and T. Frier. Rev. Canons Furnell and touch. Rev. Canon Sweeting and Watkins. The Archdeacon of Perth (Rev J. Brown). The Churchwardens. The Dean of Perth (Very Rev. F. Goldsmith The Verger. The Bishop's Chaplain (Rev. J. Allen). The Bishop of Perth. The Primate's Chaplain (Rev. W. W. Johnson). The Primate. Led by the cornet, which was played by Mr. R. B. Burnside, the procession slowly marched up the aisle to the Holy Table singing the processional hymn " Lift the strain of high thanksgiving." The doors of the Church were then presented to the Bishop, which, together with the petition were laid on the Holy table, after which the sentences were recited by the Primate and congregation, and were followed by a short exhortation and several prayers by the Primate from the special service for the occasion. The choir and clergy then sang Psalm CXXII (" I was glad when they said unto me?"). Special intercessions were offered by the Bishop of Perth, who was accompanied by the clergy, at the font for those who shall be baptized at the pulpit, for hearers at the chancel step, for those who shall be confirmed, and those who shall be married and at the altar, for communicants, alms givers and worshippers, the organist, Mr E A Letch, playing a soft voluntary as the procession moved to the different stations. The sentence of con- secration was then read by the registrar, and signed by the Bishop who ordered it, with the petition and other documents, to be duly recorded and registered in the diocesan registry. Bishop Parry then pronounced the following words :-'. I declare this Cathedral Church of St George to be now consecrated and set apart to God for ever, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, Amen." Morning Prayer was then said by the Dean, the proper Psalm appointed for the service being Ps. lxxxiv, and the lessons being I Kings vii. 51 -viii. 12, and Heb. x. 19-26, which were read by Canon Sweeting and Archdeacon Brown, respectively. The canticles were the Te Deum and the Benedictus, and the hymns Nos. 295, 295, and 296, and during the service a prayer was said by the Bishop for the benefactors of the church. The sermon was preached by the Primate who took for his text Haggar ii. 3, 4, 7, and 8. who is left among you that saw this house in her first glory and how do ye see it now ? Is it not in your eyes in comparison of it as nothing ? Yet now so strong. O Zerubbabel, saith the Lord and be strong, O Joshua, son of Josedech, the high priest and be strong, all ye people of the land, saith the Lord, and work for I am with you, said the Lord of hosts : And I will shake all nations, and the desire of all nations shall come heart I will fill his house with glory", saith the Lord of h'dJU: The street is. mine, and the gold is mine, saith the Lord of hisses "" - address based on those verses was a most, cases ... was listened to' roost iüipíüssiV0 one, may . i With muda gasfitter, kin Owing to some 09- ) finished It! the association ilrc.ijteíliií's of the building, some portions of the settled state ' not audible in all parts of the church. We desire; however'" to publish the full text of the Primate's eloquent.. ¿is.dorirío is to' morrow's IJKrg iÁnsTRÁ>u£Ñ.* After the cremation of the service, and the congrega- tion had dispersed, to í-'rinía'te,' Bishop Parry, the clergy, and the vestry were photographed at the north-western door of the Church by Mr J Manning, photographer. In the evening there was another crowded congregation, and the services which Was full choral, was admirably perforated',' the same stringed and other? itíítfduiarits asdiittina'às' iii the morning. The Primate said proached. THE LUNCHEON. After the Consecration Service, a public luncheon in honour of His Grace, was given !uS% Brewer's Hall. at 1.30 p.m. The interior of the bpilmng..i\af OceofaW with many colored man, which" on. one side serCCd a useful purpose by moderating the intense rays of j the soil. r A very drying effect was produced in front of the stage. By si süueét pp of ferns, flowers, etc., which were very taste of after sprigged,, The lunch provided, reflected great credit on the caterer,,' Mr. J fourô; of the Governor Broome Hotel, wild o'er i. a:cted with a large staff of assistants, who performed their duties in a very satisfactory manner. Three tables, capable of accomodating about 70 guests, wore provided, and only a few seats were unoccupied. On the arrival of His Excellency the Governor, the company sat down Id distances the good things provided,. The Right Rev: afternoon Terry presided,', said -that.. port, side right , His Excellency' the Governor, the Dean of Perth, the Hon. A. O'G. Lefroy, Mr. J. W. Hackett,' and the Mayor of Perth, and on his left His Grace the Primate, Mr. Justice Stone, the Ven. Archdeacon Brown, the Hon. J. Forrest, and the Mayor of Fremantle. The Dean of Perth said that before luncheon was commenced he wished to state that His Worship, the Mayor of Perth had requested him to inform the aledlbafs of the Vestry and the Primate that he would have great pleasure in meeting the in the following evening in his private parlour in the Town Hall after the meeting. The toast of " The (Junee " having been duly honoured. The Rests REV.BfSHor-* Paris proposed the health of His Excellency the Governor, which was received with applause His Excellency, in responding, said he thanked them most sincerely for the very hearty manner in which the toast had been received. As Her Majesty's Represen active' in the Colony; it was with great pleasure that Mrs la"d taken part in the solemn ceremonial of that morning. The Church and State had been closely connected in the past. Perhaps this connection was a little relaxed in those latter days. The State, however, still countenanced the Church he was not speaking exclusively of the Church of England); still gave it its sympathy and support, and the Church, all the other hand, staff; if prayers; and the most valuable political assistance to the State. . In this Radical, age, the prayer of the Church of England was the strength and citadel of the Royal Family of England. ,.(Ap'p'lauso.]f This influence crow more valuable year by year, and, it was only fitting and becoming on occasions such as the present that the representative of Her Majesty should endeavour- to show how important an event, in the history of a community was the consecration of a, new cathedral.' (applause). It was most gratifying on this occasion to have the valuable assistance of His Lordship the Primate. Noone, either clerical or lay, could have listened to the grand sermon they had heard that morning without feeling that their sympathies were expanded and ennobled under its influence (applause). That truest test of genius was there, namely, the grouping into a few sentences, into the most impressive form of embodiment, recognised sterling truths, but which had never been brought so vividly before them until couched in the forcible language of the Primate of Australia. He hoped that the increased facilities for travelling afforded at the present time would lead to federation and unity amongst the various provinces, and that the heads of the Anglican Church would visit their vast dioceses oftener, and he hoped that such visits, even to this somewhat remote portion of Australia, would be multiplied in the future (applause). He not only felt his duty, as a son of the Church of England 1, to look with favor upon the furtherance of its work, but also as the representative of Her Most Gracious Majesty iii: Queen (applause). The Right Rev Bishop Parry, in propos- ing the health of His Grace the Primate of Australia, said he was sure all joined with him in giving a hearty welcome to the Primate. From two points of view the occasion was interesting. The proceedings that day marked the consummation of a most important work which had cost a vast amount of money, labour, and time. It was about eight years ago since the plans for the erection of the present structure were laid before the Synod. Many difficulties had to be surmounted, and the expenditure was greater than was at first anticipated. The members of the building committee were especially to be congratulated. on completing this important work. The second point of interest was the first visit of the Primate of Australia to this diocese. The progress of the Anglican Church was evident from the fact that At the present time there were thirteen organised dioceses in Australia. He hoped they had reached the time when Western Australia would be no longer isolated from the sister colonies, and the present visit could almost be interpreted as a pledge to that effect, and that from time to time, similar visits would be made to Western Australia, not only by the Primate, but by sympathetic follow Churchmen from the Australian Colonies. (Applause.) He had only one circumstance to regret. It was a common boast that residents in this colony enjoyed better weather than those in the neighbouring colonies, and he was afraid the Primate had not received a favourable impression in this respect, in consequence of the very warm reception the weather had given him. (Laughter.) Otherwise he hoped he would carry away a good opinion regarding the colony, and be spared for many years to occupy his distinguished position. (Applause.) His, Grace the Primate, who on rising was greeted with prolonged applause, said before he trusted himself to speak on the occasion, he wished to point out that in addition to the two very urgent reasons given by the Right Rev. Bishop, especially marking the present occasion he would like to add a third. Perhaps those present were not aware that this was not only the date of the consecration of their local cathedral, but it was, in fact, actually the date of the consecration of their own bishop. He need not tell them that the cathedral itself was but the mere body, in which the bishop was the animating principle. His visit to the colony had been most important in this respect. Now during this week he would be called upon to express an opinion upon every subject under the sun (laughter). Some five years ago, when he was inducted into the office he now held, when making enquiries as to the amount of stipend to, accruing from the position, he discovered that he was to be designated Metropolitan of New South Wales, and Primate of Australia, and he began to consider whether he was not entitled to extra remuneration, as the title seemed so magnificent, but on second consideration he thought it was probable the offices existed only in name. Afterwards he discovered they had some reality of meaning. He was, in fact, given a kind of legal position, which was recognised not only by the Church but also by the State. The exact kind of authority which he was supposed to exercise over the See he had been at a loss to find out He remembered the words of an old satirist who lived during the reign of George III, in which he described some man of station as being an old bar, used for keeping together the battered ship's timbers in stormy weather Each bolt or bar its useful task per- forms, "Though ignorant alike of calms and storms " (Laughter). He could not say, however, that Lewis quite ignorant of them. So far as he could see, the relation which the Primate Held to absorber Arisen fide doorless of the Anglican Church, Wii not strictly of sugar r'atrr'eV -broke the pr<»V.er.was an influence perhaps more pdtáCas.TC than in yesteday in. 1 fined authority, and the police seemed to be most in his possessing the kind feelings Vm'dli *m markets towards him bK And; treatments CÜWr'<>Hri?éi]} veiled b-J beHoves Tat when sympathy and Kifl>1ne=íií wefffslkWrt k the person and not to the office which he religion said the authority was much stronger, and tire your' telling [i*/nifi>jted impersonally was the..,.......... victorious " '' fatter than ,r rotcsCa::." The process by which he reached Perth; seemed to have a certain signification. The first portion of the railway journey was father" rough; but la A short time they name is all the evidences of a mature Tivoli Theatre,- with all the arrangements of a well appointed railway": An analogy might be drawn fronted this that, like some portions of tl'é.n^lway? of the colony's,- true community had begins IR I forces are ready style and passed afterwards to a more advanced stage of civilization. This was a sure sign of progress. (Applause). If there is one thing more than another which strikes an' Eug'lisîi'Ciîc "he can only claim a brief experience' in Australia is of this that the £----'-:-~. it time I -..,.-.. to be borne in upon them dow was jubilee Heesh to on something, which would be a sore of ¿otiTÍr'ítiní; power,' which would: accomplish much good order the present generation had passed away. Speaking of? the movement for Responsible Government, as a stranger", he wished them heartily God-speed over it. The different colonies ought to be fused together by means of federation, but with regard to future de- vciojjiüeilü they must be careful to distinguish between bearings iMc! £ff?»n-?/. Even with vest jrftsonrpeV and p'ppyia'tion,' stains thing else was necessary. ï!îçr/>\was need of a spirited and tiidiA centres', ínáM-flfO colony aspired to be truly great, clock- frst depend upon all higher influences, and time honoured traditions which had been handed down-the sacred traditions of the old Church of England. (Applause). While the Chard! sympathised with the work done by brethren outside", yet he believed there was a special and great responsibility resting with the Church of England, especially in this age- when the whole of" the . civilised world was passing through a crisis of r'ovolrifndn. Tiley fund diflWulviefi in their path, crudities of early" growth, but they must Consider the work as a high privilege He wished great spiritual success might follow the consecration of Glad Cathedral, but he would remind them that, after all, the building was but stone, mortar and brick, and, in supporting the organization, the" responsibilities ought not merely to be undertaken lay' tile clerical members, but there ought also to be learnt syrilf)a£Íly lind co-operation on the part of the laity. HE wished the Church Fright grow" and prosper, and that there might be life, spirit, arid take Church membership, the spirit of unity and fellowship and sympathy which members of the Church of the Lord Jesus Christ should manifest. His Excellency the Governor said he Had it very pleasant duty to perform in proposing the results of the Bishop of the diocese, and wished that he' might long pre- side districts rittni'estinjf in his daily life and work that earnest christian spirit which thought no' evil, showing an" example of peace and good will and energy which stimulated others who were apt to become lazy in its charging their duties as Church members, and finished by calling for three cheers for Bishop Parry, which were heartily given. The Right Rev Bishop PABHrVaid that as long as his health and strength remained he would esteem it a pleasure to labour in that diocese. The proceedings then concluded.. TO-DAY'S ARRANGEMENTS. This morning the Primate will deliver an address to women, on " Woman's work in the church and the world." At 4.30 p.m. an address will be presented by the Synod at the Cathedral School-room to which the public will be admitted. In the evening an address will be presented at the To on Hall at 8 o'clock, from the vestry of St. George's. AU parishioners are specially invited to attend at this last, though children cannot possibly be admitted. THE OLD CATHEDRAL. The following description, taken from "The Inquirer, a Western Australian Journal of Politics and Literature," of Wednesday, January 6, 1841, and giving an account of the laying of the first stone of the Cathedral, will doubtless be read with interest : "The first stone of the new Church in Perth was laid on Friday last by His Excellency the Governor, in the presence of several officers of the Government, and of nearly every person in the town. There were several who came from long distances to witness this interesting ceremony, and the occasion was marked by the respect of every man, woman, and child amongst us. It was naturally expected that as the inscription recorded the attendance of His Excellency in his official capacity, he would have assumed the dress proper to his rank and station, and we were somewhat surprised to see that this was not the case. It is true that the ceremony was of far too much importance in itself to require any such adventitious aid as that derived from the assumption of fine clothes, but custom has made this to be considered a necessary part of the proceedings, and all classes are usually well pleased at the opportunity of paying this additional mark of respect. We should have thought that the Queen's representative would not have neglected the least occasion of doing honor t that Church of which, in this land, he is the head, nor have omitted to pay that tribute of respect, which is particularly due from persons in his high situation. The Rev. Mr. Wittenoom, Colonial Chaplain, commenced the proceedings by reading a portion of Scripture very applicable to the occasion ; the well- known prayer : " Prevent us, O Lord," followed ; after which a copy of one of the inscriptions deposited beneath the stone was read by Mr. W. Knight, and ran as follows: THIS FOUNDATION STONE Of the first Church in Perth, the metropolis of Western Australia, was laid by His Excellency, John Hutt, Esq., Governor of the Colony, amidst prayer and thanksgiving to God, on the first day of January, in the fourth year of the reign of Queen Victoria, and in the year of our Lord, one thousand eight hundred and forty one. The plan was designed by Mr. Joseph Brown, and the work was commenced and carried on under the superintendence of Mr. Henry. Trigg The trustees of Church property being the Rev. John Burdett Wittenoom, A.M., Colonial Chaplain. The rion. Frederick Chidley Irwin, Military Commandant. The Hon. Peter Brown. Colonial Secretary. The Hon. John Septimus Rae, Surveyor General. The Hon. John Fletcher Moore, Advocate General George Leake, Esq., Member Legislative Council. Marshall Macdermott, Esq. William Knight, Secretary. Glory. to God in the Highest. His Excellency then addressed his numerous hearers : It became his duty to say a more words on this very interesting occasion ii. There was no one circumstance of his life that gave him greater pleasure than having been called on to take his part in the ceremonies of that day, It was an occasion to which all persons in the colony had looked forward with considerable interest and anxiety, and none more so than himself ; he had endeavoured to urge matters on to completion by all means in his power, for he had felt that the capital of the colony, and the seat of the Government, ought not to be left without a building exclusively devoted to the offices of the Church. He felt himself, as it were an intruder amid the scene of joy, a solitary individual ; he had arrived in this colony at a time when the troubles of the early settlers were nearly over-he had not been associated with their early struggles and difficulties, and it would appear as if he had-.! only arrived to share in their triumphs, one of the greatest of which he conceived they were celebrating that day. He saw around him many of the oldest settlers, by whose onions, as pioneers of the way, the path had been made smooth for later comers, and ] it must bear latter of congratulation to those Settlers to remember that the place on which they agreed that they, and which was now hallowed to a remarkable degree. had been secured from the wilderness re-write of shows I library and p'rrsavei'am?0;' and that they had I ( been made the iri¿ífr-n-9r.t2of*mV|i^V'r p'otfoV I I in planting civilization on this "page »WrçV» I He, is J'is turn, congratulated them, after a'. V his hearers, on the promised erection of the j, intended" biscuits, and he looked upon it as a ' harbinger of good is no relative. The first day of a new year had broken upon èîi5fiî--4 EVER, What promised much for Western Aus- follow La /.'^J-.^~»l -""t., "f the pnl».rn*-ia.f -gag had gone through f.b'c'.^a'ncí rpqa|j " attention to the farcical ; ripe coiuçt.this^bW better seconded than by engulfing the Church' to establish itself in the hearts of the people:'. The new building would be raised on an eminence, and be trusted that it would serve as a beacon to the surrounding country the anticipated the time when the place left before Thirty would seem with an active population ; it was his duty, and the duty of all, to do all in fWp'orr.ctf' the church in this country; the proceedings ere the day kia beats sure that now they might not Cut? use oftYy riJari under his own vine and his own fig tree, but they would have the pleasing reflection that they had been instrumental in the planting of that better tree, whose leaves " were the healing of the abattoirs;'' card- which bears " the peace able fruits of rigliteVidsiioia j' life? is seen before as would lead him to exchange; " Orders to God in head Witness' said be resigning add " Peace on earthy tíoo drill ítíw'díaW men." The usual formalities, having, been tfrtiS through, the stone was lowered into its place, atriídííM*? declamations of the surrounding multitude. ' ?'" ' <. : r Avery elegant and appropriate lower prayer, written expressly for the occasion, and truly worthy of it in every respect, was then read by the Rev. Colonial Chaplain, and the ceremony was concluded. There were two inscriptions deposited f/e'ui'dîlî Hop stone, but of these, by His Excel- Persons' (Surrey deaths is!, from seed. We have obtained copy of the Meftrfcted comment, which fe. occur opinion,' by far the better in the two, for it wckn'c'vlodgjes the ("aS£W.«.t>'ce the undertaking has received from the public, generally. This is a point that ought' by no means to be forgotten, and we record if accordingly The Lapis AuspicolII Print! fiináarilliiíl tempi) apart Pertham Australia Ociddritalta metropole. alone in color a m quorum interests are inUileribus aJlifloatur fideW of pictures. Testator Positions safe infer topics of gratias Deo a Johanne Hutt Armiger', Province's Prefecto, Cahndis Tanneries Quarto Anno Keginr" Vic today;, at Christ. Milesimo Ootingontesimo (¿uúIf'¡rjc">m>o Prime Curatores publice Rerum SaÍTitrrtra.' Johannes Burdett Wittenoom, A M. - fc'redo¡'íc,'á Irwin-Petrus Brown Johannes Septimus Roe -Georgina F. Moore- Gaorgius Leake-M. MacUer'ntott. Gfe'iiÍEfcttoS Night, A Oeërfc'fcH'i»»?. Gloria in excelsis BW Of r; ei" Max, 