PORTFOLIO. There is one point which it is quite neces nary far us to note in stuodying Church his tbry. t;l's way°are pot as our wriys finite man always runs in d` rut; God's course is varied. This iis. a"fact twhich Protestant historians and theologis'ns fail to grasp. They point to the first age of the Church, the sole type of'p;rfect Christianity, and they repudiate every subsequclt type .s si inoovatmdn aleparturi: fro','the ?bs ial form. They.would ifreeze the brook lest it should become 'a river and finally a sea; crystallise tle'rain-drops whieh twinkle now red, now green, and now blue; they would moake the plant live, with iced leaves only, deprecating.after- foliage, bud., and flower as no'cl accretions. But be it remembered that the Church, as a, :Iritn body, is c oubled and adapts itself to altered condi tions; that Godo, being infinfinite, builds Jerusalem of all manner of ?irecious stonesi .ot of amethystonly, or imbys nly: or jacinth only, but of all conjointly. 'At first, in the' apostolic age, thle believers were often ui lettered men, of no great depth'of mental power, of no intellectual czlture. 'rhea were - not philosophers,' they, were not theologians; they were penetrated with con viction in a great fact, that' Jea ? Christ was God Incarnate, who ivasborn, and died, and roes. and ascenled; and, from heaven sent ';down the Holy Ghost; but they did not grasp the theologic bearing of these facts. To do this God called forth tie doc= tors. The second age was that in which merit o6ft prifoiihd rearning ai'l philosophic culture became obedient to the Faith, and came and poured their gifts of science at the feet of the Child Jesus. Then arose the giant ltheologians. But another age camne. The Church was tried with heresy. Then the rain-drops flashed another colour ; God cut jewels of another tint out of the rock. The age of the hermits came. In vii aid polished and affli;ent Heresy sneer ; in vain did estn blished aid nuthorised Heresy use force; love in the God-Man, whichi had driven thousands to throw away all that the world holds precious that they'might win Christ, wouli not be sneered downn; and violence could not despoil men who despised all things. Heresy raged about the hermits, and the Irermits heat heresy back, and saved, humanly speaking, the true doctrine of the ircarnation.--Rec. S. Baring Goudl. 