' Bill'Nyfe's View of' Julius ■ CfflSar."! ;■ u . I New Tori World, January 1.) ! . The play of "Julius Ctesar," which has been' at the Academy of Music, New York, this week," has made a. {jreat hit.' ' Messrs. Booth and Barrett very 'wisely decided that if it snoceeded' here it' would do well anywhere. If i the people of New York like a play and'say so, itris almost sure to go elsewhere. Judging by.thls test, the play' of "Julina Cicsar" has a glowing ftituro ahead of it.* It was written by:, Gentleman - Shakespeare,' Bacon, and Donnelly,' who collaborated together on it. Shakespeare did i the lines and plot, Bacon furnished . the cipher, and Donnelly called attention to it through the papers. ' Tho scene of-"Julius Cmsar" is laid in Borne just before the railroad was completed to that place. In order to understand the play itself we must glance briefly at the leading characters which' are introduced, and upon whom its success largely depondB. - Julius Caesar first attracted attention through the Roman papers by calling tho attention of the medical faculty to the now justly celebrated Ctesarian operation. Taking advantage of the advertisement thus attuined, ho 60on rose to prominence, and flourished considerably from 100 to -14 B.C., when a committee of represen tative citizens and property-owners ot Borne called upon him, and on behalf of the people begged leave to assassinate him as a mark of esteem.'He was stabbed 23 times between Pompoy's Pillar and 11 o'clock,'many of which were mortal. This account of tho assassination is taken from a local paper, and is graphic, succinct, and lacks the sensational elements so common and so lamsntable in our' own time. Censor was the implacable foe of the aristocracy, and refused to wear a plug- hat up to the day of his death. Sulla once said, before. Csesar had made much of a showing, that some day this young man would be the ruin of the aristocracy and 20 years afterward, when Ccesar sacked, assassinated, and holocausted a whole theo- ' logical seminary for saying " eyether" ■ and " nyether," the old settlers recalled what Sulla hod said. Cj-sak at the Table. Ccesar continued to eat pie with a knife, and in many other ways to endear himself to; the masses until 68 B.C., when he ran for Quaestor. Afterward he was-Edile, during the term of which office he sought to introduoe new' games and extend the limit on some of the older ones. Prom this to the Senate was but a'step. In the Senate he was known as a good speaker, but ambitious, and liable to turn up during a close vote when his enemies thought he was at home doing his chores. : This made him at times odious to those who ; opposed him, and when he defended Cataline' and offered to ' go on his bond, Caesar came hear being condemned to death himsolf. In 62 B.C. he went to Spain as Propraetor, intending to write a book, about the Spanish people and their customs as soon as he got back, but he was so busy on his return, that be did not have time to do so. Caesar was a powerful man with the people, and while in the Senate worked hard for Bis constituents while other senators were having their photographs taken. ■ Ho went into the army when the war broke out, and after killing a great many people against whom he oertainly could not have had anything personal, ho re turned, headed by the Borne Silver Cornet Band, and leading a procession over two miles in length. It was at this time that he 'was tendered a: crown just as he was passing the City BUI, but thrice ho refused it. After each refusal the-people applauded and encored him until He had to refuse it-again. It is about this time the play opens. Ckesar had just ar rived on a speckled courser and dismounted outside tho town. He comes in at tile head of the procession with the understanding that the crown is to be offered him just as he crosses over to tho courthouse. Booth as a Mugwump. Hero Cassias and Brutus meet, and Cassias tries to make a mugwump of Brutus, so that they can organise a new movement. Mr. Edwin Booth takes the character of Brutus and Mr. Lawrence Barrett takes that of Cassius. I would not want to take thecharacter of Cassius myself, even if I had run short of character and needed some very much indeed, but Mr. Barrett takes it and docs it firstrate. Mr. Booth also plays Brutus, so that old settlers here say it seems almost like having Brutus here among us again. - - Brutus was a Boinan Republican with strong tariff tendencies Ho was a good extempo raneous after-dinner speaker and a warm per sonal friend of Ctcsar, though differing with him politically. In assassinating ^Cmsar, Brutus used to say afterward he did not feel the slightest personal animosity, but did it entirely Lr the good of the party. This is one thing I like about politics—you can cut out a man's vitals and hang them on tho Christnms-tree, and drag the fair uarno of liis wife or mother around through, tho eewers for six wooks before election, and so long as it is done for the good of a party it is all right. ■ So, when Brutus is authorised by tho caucus to assassinate Cicsar, ho feels that, like being President of tho United States, it is a disagree able job; but, if tho good of tho party seems really to demand it, ho will do it, though ho wishes it distinctly understood that personally he liasn't got a thing against Ctcsar. New Veusios of the Giiost. In Act 4 Brutus situ up late, reading a story by E. P. Boo, and just as ho is in tho most exciting part of it tho ghost of tho assassinated Ciesar appears and states that it wilbinoct hira with hard gloves at Philippi. Brutus lookod bored, and says ho is not in condition, but tho ghost leaves it that way, and Brutus looked still much bored, till tho ghost goes out through a white-oak door without opening it. At Philippi, Brutus sees there isnohopoof police interference, and so before time is called thoinsertsfais irwtofd'intohisheing,ari(i.dies, j whilo.thb ^Utt'Iimonbiin au'dibnpp putt on itt' .overcoat; and goos put," looking over its Shoulder , (to'sop jtuit Brutus', does not tako'advantage of' (this moment, whilo thb people are going away,' 'to resuscitate himself. ■ '. j The play is thoroughly cnjoyabloall the way (through, especially Cicsar's funeral. Tho idea of introducing a funeral and. engaging Hark' 'Antony to deliver tho eulogy, with thb under standing that he was to have his travelling ex penses paid and the privilege of selling his sermon to a syndicate, shows genius on the part of the joint.authors. All the way through tho play is good, but sad. .There, is rib divertise mentor tank in it, tiut the funeral more than makes up for all that.'. i " Portia. Has Maulbia. | Where Portia begs.BrutriB,' before the! assassination, to tell her all and let her in on the ground: floor, and asks' what (the matter is; ' and ho claims that it is malaria, and sho still' insists, and asks : "Dwell I but in tho sub stance of your: good pleasures ?" and he states,: " lou are my true and honourable wife, as dear to mo as are the ruddy drops that visit my sad heart," I forgot myself and. wept my new plug-hat two-thirds full. It is as good as any thing there is in Josh Whitcomb'i play. Booth and Barrett have the malangs of good actors in them, and I often think that if Hr. Booth would chirk up. a little more, especially at the assassination, he would win every heart. | I met both of these gentlemen in Wyoming, some years ago. Wo mot by accident. They wore going to California and I was ooming back. By some oversight wo had hoth selected ' the same track, and so were thrown together. I did not know whether thoy will recall my - face or not. I was riding on the sleeper truok ■. at the time of the accident. I always take a sleeper and alwayB did; I rode on the truok because I didn't want to rido insido the car and - have to associate with a wealthy porter who' looked down upon me. I am thb man who was found down the creek the next day gathering ' ; wild ferns and murmuring, " Whore am If" ' , ..' MORAL OP THE OnBAT PtAV. ' •'■ '; The play of "Julius Cicsar" is one which brings out the meanness and magnetism of -: Cassias, arid emphasises the mistaken patriot ism of Brutus. It is f nil of pathos, duplicity, assassination,' treachery, erroneous loyalty, suicide, hypoorisy, and all; the intrigue, jear-:' quay; cowardice, and 'bellishness whioh charactised the po!itics"of. 50 years before -' Christ ; but which now, thanks to the enlighten- • - ment and refinement 'which 20»centuries hara ■ ■ brought, are known no more for ever. Let ns not forget, as we enter upon the year 1888, ■ that : it js a . presidential year, and that all acrimony will be buried under the dew and the : daisies, "and that, no'matter how high party ' spirit may run, there will be no personal ' enmity. Brm Nyk. ! ' The way to boom,, a river is to dam it,, and •^hen break the dam; r. The : way , to'' dam a jbwn is to boom it and then break the boom. The Czar by repute is a cynical chap, By nature esteemed melancholic. when he;dons mirth for a purpose,mayhap E'en his laugh is a little Czar-donie. ' jEwFAHT terrible: -.'-And.did they go into tha ark two by two ?" 'Mamhia : •" Yes, dearest." Enfant' terrible": " Well, who went with auntie?" ' ■ ;■ - ; jSwsn girl (disrobing}.: ..".Did. you look; , .under the bed?" Old maid: " What.for?" . "jTo seo if there is a man there." ! " No, dear,;, I'ye given up all hope." • • ., ... : 