MISCELLANEOUS. The agent general has been instructed to strenuously oppose the introduction of pauper immigrants into the colony through nssiBtttiice rendered under the Local Government Bill b) county councils, who have power to borrow money for the purpose of making advances to promote emigration He finds it somewhat difficult to make an effective protest, since the powers conferred upon county councils are purely permissive, and advances can only be made in cases where a guarantee for repayment has been given by the local authority or the Government of the colony to which the emigrants are to proceed. He has, therefore, not done anything at present MT. Kelynge Greenway, one of the partners in Greenway's Bank, Warwickshire, has received a sentence of 12 months' imprisonment for misappropriating and converting to his own use an Australian bill of exchange for £1,200, which Mr. F. R Cooper had paid into the bank on August 15, 1887, but which the accused endorsed and sent to Glyn's for collection in London, where it was applied in reduction of the Greenivioa' overdue account of 11, 700. The telegraphic accounts of the brilliant pageant connected with the inauguration of the Centennial exhibition have created a considerable impression, and have been made the subject of various laudatory articles, in which the enterprise and marvellous progress of the Australasian colonies have been noted. The London committee of the Exhibition met on the 20th ult, and adopted a late dis- claiming responsibility for the difficulties which have arisen through the allotment of space for the British court on this side for the world. The reasons assigned were very much at the lines of those advanced in Sir Graham Berry's recent letter to Sir James MacBain. Mr. Fergus I Hume's second work bids fair to prove as popular as his first The total sale of The Alusthv of a Hansom Cab from December 3, 1887, to the end of July. 1888, has been 321,000, and the book is still sitting at the rate of 2,500 per week. The whole of the first edition of Madame Midas, though 100,000 copies were printed, was disposed of by Mr. F. A. S Triachlor in tho course of three days. The Australasian rights have been sold to Messrs. G. Robinson and Co The dramatised version of "The Hansom Cab " ran at the Princess's Theatre for 100 nights, and numerous unauthorised versions have been produced in the provinces The attempt to upset the pension of £7 SOO, author led by a general meeting of the Bank of Australasia to the family of the late Mr ] i S Parkes, has failed Mr. Henderson, one of the shareholders, was the prominent mover in the matter, but he claimed to have the support of over 1,000 others, who, with him, objected to the expenditure, on the ground that it was beyond the scope and objects of the bank. The motion to restrain the directors from applying the bank funds in the manner proposed was, by consent, treated On the trial of the action Mr Justice NorthgavehisdecisionafewdayBago Ilehela that the authorities justified the directors in making liberal pay me its, which they were not strictly bound to make, where such expenditure would be conducive to the interests of the company in the present case the beneficial effect likely to be produced was the attraction of the best men into the service of the bank, and the stimulus likely to be given to their exertions It appeared to be established that it was the practice of banks to make similar payments, and that it would be detrimental to the Bank of Australasia to have displayed illiberality If the majority of the shareholders ss opalised with Mr. Henderson objections, they had their remedy, but not in the present form of action, which would be dismissed, with coats Mr W M'Culloch is purchasing high class stock somewhat extensively He has secured for Victoria the first, second, and third prizetakers in the two year old classes for Ayrshire heifers at the Highland Agricultural Show, alsO, the first prize yearling heifer of the same class. He has also bought four Hampshire Down sheep the short horns referred to last week were bought by him from Mr Leney's celebrated herd at Water mgbury, in Kent, and not from Lord Cov enters s herd Ino Roman Catholic Bishop of Ballarat has invited the mothers of the Congregation of the Holy Ghost, Dublin, to found an educational establishment in his diocese, Several members of the society will shortly sail for Ballarat Dr Moore has also arranged for a foundation of the Sisters of . Nazareth from Hammersmith in his diocese Five or more States will return with him in October The Roman correspondent of the Catholic firmer denies emphatically that Cardinal Moran is coming to Ireland on a political mission from the Pope to the Irish bishops. His principal object is to secure a further supply of priests and nuns to the arch diocese of Sydney Dr Redwood, Archbishop of 18 Wellington, New Zealand, has been on a visit to Archbishop Croke, of Cashel, during the past fortnight, and is now making a tour of the north of Ireland Cardinal Moran has broken the overland journey at Paris, and is expected to arrive in Dublin on the 8th inst ^^^^^^^^^^^^ 