PARLIAMENT OF NEW SOUTH WALES. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 20. The Speaker took the chair at half-past 4 o'clock. QUESTIONS. Mr. BURNS, in reply to Mr. Henson, for Mr. Car Jît«- said that a return giving information relating to ÄalmiDDlv to Albury, Bathurst, Bourke, Deniliquin, &C; fir RWer, Wagga Wagga, and Wentworth ^ldbeprepared and laid upon tho table of the House. mr HENRY PARKES, in reply to Mr. Dalton, said «her« was some difHciilty in tracing all the papers m Con Son ivith the claims for compensation made by William Tora inn., «nd J. H-A- Lister the first discoverers of ¿old iii the colony; but ho would lay it upon tho table of gie House in a day or two a return. ^ Mr BURNS in reply to Mr. Melvillo, said that Messrs. Flood snd Co. aro tho lessees, until the expiry of the three «.¡A from tho 1st September last, or a portion of the shed it the Circular Quay. The portion in their occupancy ia lüniW to 264lt. in lenglh, and they rent that space for six Shs ¡a each of the years referred to, for the sum of £100 far each six months'occupancy. During the other six months it reverts to the Government. No special arrange- ments hove beon mado with the lessees respecting mward ¡id outward * harfages at Circular Quay. Mr BRUNKER, in reply to Mr. Dangar, said that the mater part of tho reserve within the population boundary Stile town of Narrabri was not open to leas«, and the residuo of the reservo was withdrawn from license and lease by notification in'tho Government Gazette, oí 3rd Instant. Sir HENRY PARKES, in reply to Mr. Dangar, said that ho was informed by the Acting Inspector-General of Polico that sovoral apolicntions for additional police ut Wee Waa have boen made'during the last two years, but after fewiuirv a second constable waa considered unnecessary at that station. The officer in charge of tho district has now been mstruoted to institute caretul inquiry, and roport again CB the subject. Sir HEN HY PARKES, in reply to Mr. Henson for Mr. Bush Taylor, Bnid the Government had now under con liderstion the question as to what steps should bo token towards acquiring a rifle-range and erecting rifle-butts nt Parramatta for tho use of the Parramatta Reserve Corps, in accordance with a promise mado to the corps at the time they were compelled to discontinue uso the old rillo-butts. Sir HENRY PARKES, in roply to Mr. Walker, said that no representations had been mado to the Government to plscoTenilbatntho Wollombi oleetorato. Sir HENRY PARKES, in reply to Mr. Lyne for Mr. Garvan, said that the following answers had been suppliod by the Chairman of the Casual Labour Board:- Several public roads had been cleared and formed through a portion of the Holt- Sutherland estate. The Great Illawarra-road, from the railway station at Sutherland to Government steam punt at Tom Ugly's Point; Woronora and Yowie roads, from the Sutherland station to Government reserves. Also several minor roads have been cleared which lead from these roads to deep water at Port Hacking, and the Cronulla- road has been formed from the end of Woronora-road, this being the direct road to the noxious trades site, and passes through Government reserve for fortifications at the north head of Port Hacking. Sir HENRY PARKES, ia reply to Mr. Barbour for Mr, J. P. Abbott, said that the reorganisation of tho torpedo corps had boen completed, with the exception of carrying out tho reduction of the establishment of officers. Sir HENRY PARKES, in' reply to Mr. Walker, said that ho was informed that the Noumea-road, loading from tho Svdney-road to railway station, was made by the Koads Department »wo and a-half years ago. Mr. ABIGAIL, in roply to Mr. Fletcher, for Mr. Gale, laid sorao differences have oxisted between the Executive Commissioner for the Melbourne Exhibition and tho Mines Dopartmont, which h ive caused dolay; but tho catalogue «ill very shortly bo issued. Sir 1IBNRY PARKES, in reply to Mr. O'sullivan, upon the question as to the right of tho members of the folico to retiro aftor 13 yoars' service, with the usual gratuity, said tho Acting Inspector-Goneral of Police re- ports that the number of members, of the police forco who at pret-caf desiro such legislation is protubly about tho lame as when the voto was takon in 1885. Sir HEMtY PARKES, in roply to Mr. Hutchison, for Dr. Ross, who asked for information as to the monu- ment of "Yurauioh," an aboriginal who accompanied the first exploring party into tho mtorior, said the Acting Inspcotor-Gcnoral of Police reports that the fence that ?urrounds tho grave and monument is not completely destroyed, moro than half of it still being in fairly good condition. All thu posts are standing, and many of the rails ¿re lying about. The quantity of land originully enclosed wa« about a quarter of an acre. The monument is in a good stitu of preservation. Sir HENRY PARKES, in reply to Mr. Lyne, as to the matter of opening conlKJentml letters addressed to Drs. Germont and Loir, s.iitl the letters wore inadvortently cut «pen with a prest number of otlffirs addressed to the depart- ment by tho Clerk of Rocords, who usually opens the letters in the absence ot the Principal Undor-Secretary. As soon as the mistnko was discovered the letters were im- mediately sealed, aud a certificate given to the effect that the contents had not been read or translated. Mr. BRUNKER, in reply to Mr. Fletcher for Mr. Copeland, upon tho question as to how many chains of road lave been formed, aud how many chains "metalled, at fbo expenso of the Government on the private property of Messrs. Burns, Withers, and R. B. Smith, Ms.L.A., at Hornsby, said 499 chains formed and 326 balla«ted. Ho subsequently said thot since ha had answer« the above question one of tho officers of the Lands Department hud waited upon him, and had informed him tiiat tho statement made was in roference to the whole of the roads which had' boen made under the direction of the Casual i abour Board in tho Hornsby locality. The reply that should have beon given to tho question was-24 chains, cost of forming, £18 ; 53 chains, cost of forming, £106 : total cost, £124. He asked that that answer should be substituted forlhe answer previously given. It was agreed, upon the suggestion of Mr. Speaker, that do answer should be added to that previously given, MANÜFACIURE OF TRUCKS AT EVELEIGH. Mr. BURNS (in answer to an inquiry which was mado fa the Assembly on Thursday) said ho had beon informed fcy the Railway Commissioners that thoy liad not resolved to discontinue tho manufacture of trucks at Eveleigh, noither'had thoy any proposal of the kind under their con- sideration. Mr. MELVILLE : It is au evasivo answer. Thoy have .topped fbo manufacture of trucks. Mr. BURNS : 1 put the quostion to the Coinnviasioners, and this is tus answer. Mr. MELVILLE : You had hotter ask one of tho men employed there. . Mr. O'SULLIVAN: I should UKO to ask whether tfrowh s ti ucks lmvo boon refnsed. Mr. FLETCHER: If they have not they ought'to he,' in tho interest of the country. (Laughter.) NOXIOUS TRADES SIl'E. ' Mr. BIBBS snid ha desired to direct attention to the answer that had benn given in wforonca to tho formation of the roads on tho Holt-Snthorlatid ftstnte. Thov were'told wat ouo of the roads was to bo to tho Nnxious Trades site. Ile would Uko te know whether the Government had adopted that as the1 site for Noxious Trados. Sir HENRY PARKES: I ' cannot give a positive answer. I thiuk the probability is that wo shall adopt that us tho site. Mr. DIBBS: Thau the ans.ver previously given is en- tirely incorrect? Sir HENRY PARKES : I think it is quite correct. It noes not say that any selection has been mado. 1 desire io point out that the spot is known as the Noxious Trades »ne,but wo have not yet como to a decision upon the THE HORNSBY ESTATE. i í'/i yfAÍ/Kl¡R moved that a' message be sent to tho i«giiflaftvo Council, asking that na a select commiltoo had Been appointed to inquire into the work of tho unemployed on tho HornsbyiEstuM. Mr. J. Davies should be summoned lopvo evidence boforo the'.coiumitteo. The motion was agreed to. ; PETITIONS. Mr. STREET and Mr. F. MAUTIN presented pofitions against Divorce Extension Bill. Mr. Noims presented a petition from residents at Ryde m favour of a Liquor License Vcto'Bill. Mr. Moons presented a petition in favour of the pro- posal to couneot Inveioll with Glen Innes by railwav. The petition» v, ei e received. PAPERS. Mr. BURN-S kid upon the table a return Bhowi ng ' the loui value of goods imported from South Australia by wav J,. luM for tho Por!od3 endod Juno IS3Ö, Juno 1387, wunciSSJ respectively; ii return showing the umount of j-us'oins rovenuo reeoived on imports from South Australia tor tho years ended June 1SS0, June 1887. Juno lSSS ro »pcctiyeiv; a return showing the total valuo of nil exports Irani Now South U ales to South Australia by way of vocKburu for the periods ended Juno 1S30, Juno 1887, June jo, 8 respectively ; n roturn showing details of specific duties Jnni'fnCi'0«yot^ow South Wales for the years ended Juno dO, 1887, and June 30, 1888, respectively. thonúmi'iUNKtE!t '?id "PT tho tabl° R return showing hnn.i u . t,0.rfelt°d conditional purchaies and condi- tionalleases within the leasehold arous of the Eastern Cen tt« «.".'?" "nce U} .'Hni""'y. 1881, and the toUl aroa of .ï"1:.'} return, showing the parks whioh have received ^»usro of the vote for this year and the amount ullotted to m'ortîî«^,PA'"CK» IIW "Pon tho table a return to ÎVZH. -W10 Urfslnhvo Assembly of Now South lath ti-? ÎU 'th Noverol>°r, 1888, for copies of papers re TÄI . P*se uf tho "'"n wIl° was fired at bv four ifB?Jn plam clolhos llt Harwood, and tho borough of «. «edfern sewerage bylaws. It was ordered that the documents bo printed. " JIIE RAILWAY PROPOSALS. . «i. UttfNE asked the Colonial Secretary when tho rail way proposals would be submitted to tho public works com mitteop > ? > ' SirnENRY PARKES said he had not had timo to givo attention to the schedules which were placed in his hands that day. He would' give them attention tho following day. THE NEWCASTLE RIOTS. Mr. MELVILLE asked the Minister for Justieo the result of his inquiries with reference to the confinement in the Maitland gaol of some of the men now under committal in connection with tho Wallsend riot. ? Mr. W. CLARKE, in reply, said that the inquiries he had made did not bear out all the statements made by the bon. member. Ho had asked for a further report, and would supply the necessary particulars in dne course. THE LITTLE BAY HOSPITAL. Mr. MELVILLE askod the Colonial Secretary if ho had received auy information with rt-ference to a eortain un ! pleasantness that occurred botwoen the driver of the uinbul&nco; waggon and the storekeeper at the Littlo Bay Hospital. Sir HENRY PARKES said his attention had not boon calle- to the matter. It was just possible that a report might havo boon made that morning which ho had not yet seen. ' Mr. MELVILLE intimated his- intention of moving tho adjournment of the House on thursday, to briug under tho notico of Hie Government some matters connected with the Littlo Bay Hospital. The Government property was being used for the broaking-in of horses by privato persons, and anothor poculinr circumstance was that a "ghost" occa- sionally appeared at the head of the beda of sick patients, with tho result that seven persons had recently loft the hospital. Worso than all, there was a white lpper in tho institution. He would furnish evidence in support of the statements. (An hen. uioinbor: Will you produce the ghost?) ELECTIONS AND QUALIFICATIONS COMMITTEE. . Mr. EWING was sworn in a member of the Election and Qualifications Committee. LEAVE OF ABSENCE. Mr. FARNELL, for Mr. Garland, moved-" That loavo of ubsenco for the roiniindor of tho prosont soäsion bo grunted to Mr. C. E. Jeanneret, ono of tho mombers for Carcoar, who bud boen compelled to visit England on ureent privato business." The motion was agreed to. THE EIGHT-HOURS' QUESTION. Mr. SCHEY moved,-" That this House, on Tuesday I next, resolve it»eif into a committee of the whole to con- sider the expediency of bringing in a bill to de-lare eight hours a legal day's labour, and for other purposes connected therewith. . The motion was agreed to. CtiURCH OF ENGLAND GRAMMAR SCHOOL I . LAND SALE BILL. Mr. NOBBS moved tho second reading of the Liverpool Church of England Grammar School Land Sale Bill, which was agreed to, and the Houso rosolvcd itself into a Com- mttteo of tba Whole to consider the bill in detail. Tho proumblo was postponed. On clause 1, " Power to sell," Mr. MELVILLE thought tho Houso should havo some information concerning the sale before allowing the bill to run through. Mr. ABIGAIL said it should bo dourly understood that it was sought to obtain power to sell land, and to divert the proceeds to different purposes than that for which tho lund was originally granted. The purposos now sought wore contemplated in the original grant. Vide th« evidence given by tho Bishop of Sydney before tho select committee appointed to inquire into tho subject Tha intention of Mr. Mooro would bo defeated, as ho gave the land for a particular purpose. Mr. F. SMITH thonght that the. bill would defeat the original intention of tho testator. Thoy wore asked to sell the property altogether, and to devote the proceeds in such manner as" tho trustee) might think fit. That seemed to him to be going a littlo too far. A man made his will and disposod of his property in soruo particular way, but now it was sought by an Act of Parliament to do something , else. I Mr. HAYNES said ho had looked into the bill and thought there wa-' no objection to it. Mr. BARBOUR said that ho was one of the committee on the bill, and was thoroughly satisfied with it. Tho in- tention was to apply tho proceeds to similar purposos to those mentioned in the grant. Mr. GOULD Baid that it had boen found that tho land would be of no use for the purpose intended. It was in- tended to sell this land and to apply the proceeds towards the maintenance of a school ostablishqd by the lato Mr. Mooro. Mr. NOBBS said that the land proposed to bo sold was quite unfit for school purposos, and the only way of making it of use was to sell it and devote the money to educational purposos. , Mr. MELVILLE moved the expulsion of tho words " or Îirivato contract," thus rendering it necessary to sell the and by public auction. The motion was possod and tho clause agreed to. Clause 2, " Disposal of proceeds " ; clauso 3, " Short title" ; and tho preamble were agreed to. The bill was roportod with amendments to the House, and the report adopted. , . f AN EXPLANATION. Mr. COPELAND said that on Thursday last, speaking in committee, he mado some remarks in reference to Mr. Garrett, in which he found ho was mistaken. He was re- ferring to rents ou appeal, and mentionod some figures which he took to be thoso fixed by the Appeal Court pre- sided over by the Minister, but which he found to be the ronta recommended by the local lund board-i. This did not make the caso so bad with regard to Mr. Giirrett's administration, and ha apologised to that gentleman for his mistake. PROSECUTIONS FOR PERJURY AMENDMENT BILL. Mr. LEE moved that the Prosecutions for Perjury Amendment Bill be now read tho "second time. He said that the object of the bill was to give the district registrars under tho Bankruptcy Act und nngistratos power to grant leave to aggrieved persons to institute prosecutions for per- I j ury. As the law now stood, it was necessary in respect to cuses of any proceeding before a district registrar or any justice of tiio peace to obtain tho leave of a judiro before any aggrieved party could "institute any proceeding what- ever for perjury against any person who had wilfully and maliciously sworn an information against him. If it was the law of tho land that a man who was charged by anyone with tho commission of an offence must be committed before ho could clear his character, thcu ho said it was high time that the law should bo altered, and the nbjoct of his bill was io alter that law. In the month of Juno last an information was sworn against Thomas Ryan by a man natnod Michael Kelly. In duo course the 'information was heard before the polico magistrato of tho district and another magistrato, who being thoroughly satisfied that thoio was no truth in the statements made by the prosecutor dismissed the coso. The détendant, who was ii mau of good repute, applied to tho Department of Justieo for permission to commence a case of perjury against tho prosooutor, but the department stated it was not the provinco of that department to obtain leave from Judges in cases of that kind. The Chiof Jus- tieo in a minute upon that case had, writton that iu his opinion Ryan should have boen committed for trial, and addod that he (tho Chief Justice) declined to sanction a prosecution for perjury, not boing satisfied that the prose- cutor did not tell the truth. Now in that case the bench of magistrates were in the boBt position to judgo whether that man was tolliug tho truth or not, and tho conclusion thoy arrived nt was that ho was no1 tolling tho truth. And yet after reading the depositions, the higbost authority in tho land arrived at an opposite con- clusion. Well, did not that show very conclusively that when the administrators of the law d'tfiored in such a nutteVjas that, it would bo far Biifer and butter for tho ad- ministration of justice that tho presiding magistrates, who wore in tho best position to know whether the evidence given was roliablo or not, should grant leave to aggrievod poraons to institute proceedings for perjury, i Mr. WISE said that not'only had there boon rio general demand tor an alteration of the law in that particular, but that measure was open to tho objection of boing haphazard and piecemeal legislation. It was proposed by the bill to repeal a Mifee -ard against prosecutions which, iu the opinion of experienced roen ivho formed tho Criminal Law Commission, was considered necessary. It would got rid of that most important safeguard which required that bofore a prosecution for perjury could bo instituted the permission of a Judgo of the Supreme Court should be obtained. It seemed to him that the Chief Justice, who would not in any way bo influenced by local knowledge, would be fie better ublo to form an impartial opinion oi the merits of the ease which had been re- ferred to. The magistrates who tried that caHe must inevitably be influenced by local knowledge. There was no widespread demand for a change in the law, and as far us could be soon no great grievances had oouurred. Owing to the law boing as it was, a man was provontod from being prosecuted because the Chief Justice thought there should be no prosecution, notwithstanding tho magistrate's opinion to tho contrary. After perusing tile papers ot the case roforred to, ho confessed that bo was of the samo opinion as the Chiof Justice. This bill was .another illustration of the noccssity of having measures of purely legal refurm considered by a body of exports. This bill was absolutely unintelligible to a lawyer, and if it wore j passed it would causo great inconveniuueo, and put peoplo to great expense. Ho suggested that before such ¡in important brunch of the criminal law was dealt with it chouid bo done in a more considered fashion, and in response to a moro gonoral domatid. Mr. J. P. ABBOTT called attention to the absoluto no-I cossity of making provision for the appointment of a law officer in th.tt Honso. (Hoar, hear.) Last session ho culled the Premier's attention to the necessity for suth an officer for tho consideration of measures such as' tho bill now before the House. Tho Pioiuier assurod bim that by April such provision would bo inado. No such provision had been made, and night after night measures of the kind bofore them were coming I forward. This bill involved a very great principle, and it | appeand to him tho height of absurdity that, tho consont of tho district registrar or justice of the peace should bo got boforo a witness should bo prosecuted fOr porjury. It Îvould be much bettor if the law had boon loft as "it was lefoie the passing of tho Criminal Law Amendment Act/ and let tho people take these proceodings at their own risk. He would not give' any ono class, sucli ns the Justices of tho Peace, powor lo say whotiier there should or should not be a prosecution. ITioy Know . , that inanv of the Justices of the Peace were far below mo | average as for as intelligence was concerned, ("ear, near.; He could understand bow vory inconvenient it must ue in tho remote parts of this country to obtain the permission ol a Judge before a witness could bo prosecuted tor perjury. It would be far better to repeal the section of the Act re- quiring the sanction of a Judgo rather'than to allow Jus- tices of tho Peace to say whether tho prosecution Bboula oe instituted. . Mr. MELVILLE thought there .should bo some legal gentleman representing the Crown in that Houso. J- hoy had a bill now bofore them described as a bill tua. no lawyer could understand. The Minister of Justice should givo the Llouso some information as to tho offect or. tho bill. Ho did not think the hon. member tor Tcnterneitt would act wisely by going on with the bill. The criminal law should only bo amended after maturo consideration. Ho hoped the Government, would take stopB to próvido a law otlicer of the Crown for that Houso. At present there was no member of the Guvernm-uit who could give tue information the Houso desired in regard to this bill. . Mr. MOORE said that ho would suggest that the bill should bo altered to road that a prosecution might be in- stituted with the leave of the Judge, the Registrar Justices, or tho Justieo before whom the alleged perjury hod been committed. Mr. GOULD said that there could be no question about the sense of the House boing against giving to Justices the power the bill proposed. Mr. O' MARA -said ho thought it would, be wise to re-establish the office of Solicitor-Genoral. The official part of his dnties took up that much of his time that tho Attornoy-Genoral had no opportunity whatever of devoting himself to a branch of reform sadly needed m comparison with the advance made by the other colonies. The course that was proposed would divest the Government of its proper functions. If they wanted to make the Attorney-General the director of law reform they should romovo from him tho official part of his work, such as filing bills, prosecuting in tho Supremo Court, and considering matters referred to him by the clork of the ponce. If this were done, the Attorney- General would have no exouso for not introducing some law reform. Sir Robert Wisdom excused himself from making law reforms, on the ground of his official work, which loft him no time to consider the measurns which tho people might think necessary. The procedure in every one of the courts was capable of a largo amount of amendment. There was ampio room for improving the juri<-dietion of tho District Court, and making it more usoful and available than at prosent. Its jurisdiction might be extended again and again. Ho was opposed to the bill. Mr. O'SULLIVAN said ho trusted the hon. member would not withdraw the bill. It must boa good measure or the lawyers would not oppose it so consistently. Mr. WALKER said the moasuro if it became law would place a vory dangerous power in the hands of tho justicos of the peace. Ho had very littlo confidence in the administration of the law at any time, but if ovor his liberty were at stako ho would foouor trust himself in the bauds of a Judgo of tho Supreme Court than a bench of justicos of the peace, who might bo biassed from various cuusos. ' A vast number of justicos of the peace wore no more fitted for the positions thoy occupied than thoy were to hold tbo office of Premier of the country. Mr. LEE, in reply, said it seemed to him that there should bo some amendment of tho criminal law, but it was patent that it required to bo on a more comprehensive scale than tho measure proposed. Under the circumstances, he moved that tho bill be withdrawn. The motion was agreed to. ' BULLI COLLIERY DISASTER FUND BILL. Mr. GOULD moved that the Bulli Colliery Disaster Fund Bill be now read the second time. The hon. member for Northumberland, when he last opposed that bill, said that he had been informed by some members of the Legis- lative Council that had they known what they knew now they would not have passed the bill. Well, the bill had recently gone back to the Legislative Council, and had passed its first, second, and third readings without any de- bate whatever ; and had now been sent back in exactly the same condition us when it came before the Assembly in the first instance. Had members of the other branch felt there was any need to make any alteration in the provisions of the bill they would, he took it, have done so. It was proposed by the bill to give annuities of £30 to the widows of miners killed in the Bulli colliery, to give the sum of £10 per annum to the children dependent upon those who had lost their lives in the colliery, and to provide in other respects for persons who had been dependent upon those killed in the mine. In cases of widows who married it was proposed that they should receive a lump sum of £100 and quit the fund altogether. Attention was called to the state of the House, and a quorum was formed. Mr. GOULD, resuming, said that the whole of the provisions contained in the bill were based on the lines that determined the distribution of the funds collected for the sufferers by the Creswick disaster. The committee had referred that matter to their actuary. Attention was again called to the state of the House, and a quorum formed. Mr. GOULD expressed a hope that hon. members would remain in the House so that the question of the second reading of the bill might be decided by a quorum. Attention was again called to the state of the House, and a quorum formed. Mr. GOULD resuming, said that the committee had ob- tained from an actuary a report which was to the offect that it would be possible to distribute a bonus of £85 to each of the widows, and a bonus of £10 for each of the children, in addition to the payment of the other sums the committee had provided for in the first instance. That report had been confirmed by Mr. Teece. The committee had no desire to interfere with any woman who might consider that she had grounds for action against anyone. [Mr. MELVILLE : Let the bill go to a committee in order to show how the women have been treated.] He did not see any reason why that course should be adopted. The bill had already been considered by a select committee of the Upper House, who, after taking evidence, reported in favour of the measure. The Legisla- tive Council decided to pass the measure in its present form, therefore, it was unreasonable to ask the Assembly to send it to a select committee again. Attention was again called to the state of the House, and a quorum formed. Mr. GOULD, resuming, said that if that fund were dis- tributed immediately the money would soon be gone. If the bill were not passed, the object of the subscribers would be defeated altogether. The whole of the expenses up to the present time in connection with that fund had been £803. The petty expenses, including postage stamps, had amounted to £106. He had explained the leading features of the bill, and he trusted that hon. members would see that in the interest of the widows it was important that the measure should be dealt with as soon as possible, and not delayed by being sent to a select committee. Mr. MELVILLE said the hon. member had evinced, by his positive refusal to allow the bill to go before a select committee, that there was something bad behind. The [sic] hoped the House would send the bill to a select committee, so that everything connected with the management of the fund should have daylight thrown on it. He wished it to be understood that he was not opposed to the prin- ciple of the widows receiving so much a week. He was prepared to prove that one of the committee went to a questionable house and gave a woman a cheque on her signing a document not to prosecute the Bulli Company. It was known that at the time the cheque was given to the woman she was going to ruin, although he was pleased to learn that since that time she had changed her career. At that time there was another woman who would not sign a document agreeing not to prosecute the company, and she had to live with her family on the charity of strangers. They wanted to know what was to be done with the money, and they wanted justice to be done to the widows. They had a right to have this matter investigated. One woman had been told that she had ordered too much jam, and that she used more jam than did Mrs. So and So. (Laughter.) They had been told that butter was a luxury, although one of the com- mittee confessed that his daughter spent more on gloves than the sum it was proposed to give to these widows in- dividually. With one exception he ventured to say that the women had been upright and honest, and neither the finger of reproach nor the breath of scorn could be directed against them. In the interests of justice he asked that an inquiry should be granted. He moved, " That all the words after the word ' That ' be omitted with a view to the insertion of the following words :—' The bill be referred for report to a select committee, with power to send for persons and papers ; and that such committee consist of Messrs. Gould, Chapman, Haynes, Chanter, Brunker, O'Sullivan, Taylor, Creer, Woodward, and the mover." He asked the hon. member to accept the challenge, and he (Mr. Melville) would stand or fall by the result. (Cheers.) Mr. GOULD said that he did not think it would be fair or reasonable to refer the matter to a select committee, because the effect of that would be to shelve the bill for another session. Provision was made in the bill for an investigation, to be made into the distribution of the funds in three years, and if there was then any money available it would be distributed among the widows. The hon. member (Mr. Melville) said that he wanted a select committee to prove his charges. But had he in his speech brought forward any evidence in support of his statements ? The hon. member for Northumberland should have brought forward some substantiation of his charges. Mr. MELVILLE : Why does not Knapp issue his writ and let us go into the Supreme Court ? Mr. GOULD said he did not care about Knapp, or any- body else. The House had nothing to do between Knapp and the hon. member for Northumberland. It was evident that the hon. member had some inveterate hatred or dislike for Mr. Knapp and Mr. Lloyd ; hence the charges. Some of the assertions made by the hon. member, and upon which he appeared to justify his request for a select committee, were that the widows had been accused of having too much jam, and that butter was a luxury. Parliament was asked to appoint a select committee on charges like that. He stated distinctly last session that he would not consent to this matter being referred to a select committee, yet not one petition had been presented against the passage of the measure in the shape it was originally introduced. That was conclusive evidence in his opinion that the charges were not bona fide. The appoint- ment of a select committee would only throw the measure further back, and injure the widows. He hoped the pro- posal would he negatived. Mr. RILEY said he would feel himself a coward if he did not rise in his place to defend the members of the com- mittee, who had the administration of the funds, against the charges made by the hon. member for Northumberland. If any one of the charges were true, the House would be justified in appointing the committee ; but there had been no evidence adduced to warrant the investi- gation of visionary accusations. [Mr. MELVILLE : Give me the committee, and I will prove them.] The committee was in no respect in sympathy with the Bulli company or antagonistic to the widows. He never worked with a body of men so anxious to do justice to the unfortunate people as the committee. They were invited to give consideration to a bill for the appointment of trustees for the proper administration of the fund according to the wishes of the subscribers. [An Hon. MEMBER : I deny that that is correct.] The bill represented the subscribers. He gave a denial to the slander uttered by the hon. member against an excellent woman. She was a most respectable woman, and felt the charge severely. There never was a fund more liberally and wisely administered than this one. The Government started in the most liberal manner by supporting the unfortu- nate people, and the committee, by the time they developed their scheme, carried on the same liberal allow- ance—an amount considerably more than was provided by their husbands when alive. Up to the time it was proposed to grant annuities they never heard a single complaint from any person or subscriber. He was in favour of distributing the money pro rata up to a certain time, but when the sum subscribed reached proportions far beyond what anyone could have anticipated, they adopted what they con- sidered the plan that they would themselves adopt towards relatives of their own if they had been left to their care. He felt that through the injudicious advocacy of those who had spoken on behalf of the widows in respect to the ad- ministration of that fund a great deal of harm had been done, and that, should any other disaster occur, it would be a very hard matter indeed to evoke that sympathy and aid which had generously been extended. He thought that the course of action adopted by the committee had met with the approval of the persons who had subscribed the funds. Personally, he did not shrink from the fullest inquiry into that matter. Mr. M'MILLAN said it seemed to him that great animus had been shown against that measure, and against certain persons connected with it, from the time of its incep- tion in that House. The hon. member for Northumber- land had shifted his ground with respect to the bill. At first he objected to a certain amount being distributed amongst the widows. Now, in order not to delay the pass- ing of this bill and the payment of those widows, a com- promise had been offered, and another schedule had been drawn. That, however, did not satisfy the hon. gentle- man, and he shifted his ground and made a charge against those who had been administering the fund. The object the hon. gentleman had in view in seeking the appointment of that select committee was to prove clearly that those gentlemen now administering the fund were not fit to do so. [Mr. MELVILLE : Hear, hear.] The appointment of those gentlemen to administer the fund had been confirmed by the public voice of the community and by the great ma- jority of the subscribers. The action of the committee in seeking to have that bill passed did not look like burking inquiry. The funds had been administered to the best knowledge of those men, and to the best of their ability. Now what that select committee was intended to do was to look up all the little dirtiness—to drag out into the light every petty little difference that had arisen in the com- mittee, and it was to strike a blow at the universal charity in this community. [Mr. MELVILLE : Certainly not[.]] It was all very well for people who had never subscribed a farthing, and never would subscribe a farthing, to make the greatest row over t[he] distribution of those funds. The numerical and money majority in connection with that fund was quite satisfied with the gentlemen who were ad- ministering it. Notwithstanding the charges made by the hon. member, he did not think there was any necessity for the appointment of the proposed select committee. Mr. J. P. ABBOTT would warn the hon. member to be careful what he was doing, otherwise, by thwarting the Bulli Committee in their administration, he might drive them into the Equity Court, to ask that Court to administer the fund. That might involve the expenditure of a con- siderable sum of money in law costs. Mr. GARVAN considered it would be wiser to refer the matter to a select committee, and strongly urged the House to agree to the amendment. The amendment was carried on division by 26 to 16. The following is the division list :— AYES, 26. Fletcher Walker Clarke, H. O'Sullivan Barbour M'Kinnon Levien Turner Carruthers Garvan Haynes Davis Howe Sehey Want Dibbs Stevenson Creer Melville Hawken Moore Hassall Garrard Dawson Allen, W. J. Crouch NOES, 16. Clarke, W. Lee Kelly Roberts Cameron M'Millan Parkes Wilkinson, Dr. Dangar Brunker Riley Brown, H. H. Inglis Abbott, J. Gould Burns PAIRS.—For, Wall ; against, Wilson. SPECIAL GRANTS TO MUNICIPALITIES. The Order of the Dny was cnllod on for the resumption of tho adjourned debato, on tho motion of Mr. CAK uuTHïits, ?' That this House will, on Tuesday next, re- solve itself into a Committee of the Whole 'to consider an address to the Governor, praying that his Excellency will ho pleased to cause to be placed upon tho Estimates for tho year 1889 a sufficient ánin to provide for n special en- dowment of £1 for every £1 raised in municipalitios by way of rates or contributions towards any municipalSpurposes." Mr. DIBBS inquired what the cost would bo if the motton were carried '{ Mr. W.CLARKE: £200,000. A Mr. DIBBS: The Government should t«ke up their stand at once in this matter, so that no time would be wasted. Mr. J. P. ABBOTT considered that the Houso ought not to go on with this motion, in tho interests of the Local Government Bill. (Hear, hear.) If we wore to have local government at all, we would get it sooner by making the people feel the necessity for it. Howover much ho would .like to soo large sums of money voted to the municipalities, he would never consont to a motion of th's character, which would prevent local government from being attained. Local governmont would nover come if largo sums of money wero voted to the municipalities ; and he hoped the Government would strenuously oppose the motion. (Hear, hear.) Mr. CREER differed entirely from the speaker who preceded him. Tho inference from that gentleman's remarks was that the municipalities were opposed to local govern- ment. It had been the cry of the municipalities from one end of the oountry to the othor tor the last et'trbt years to his knowledge. It was not the fault of tho municipalities that thoy were not now enjoying good local government, but tho fault of the Government. The Premier had given him n promise in writing that when Parliament assembled ho wonld take caro that the nssistanco was provided for. Ho asked that that promise should bo kept. Sir HENRY PARKES said ho feared at all times having two 'dobar.es when ono would do. Tho committee of the whole was the proper place where to discuss a ques- tion of this kind, but as the question had beon raised be hi>d no othor course to tuko than to ask tho House to reject the motion. The bon. mombor had arcued tho case as if the Government railways wero some kind of isolated private property, forgetting altogether that tho rail- ways wero constructed for the convenience of the population of the country. Why, supposing that there were no roads to tho railways, and the produco bad to bo convoyed over wild bush, it would still bo of ndvnntngo to have tho railways. The lion, member argued us if municipalities woro-bodies apart from the general popula- tion. They wore one * pooplo and one country, and the expenditure on the railways was just us much to the benefit of the country as to municipalities. What folly it was to attempt to institute any comparibon in this respect botweou New South Wales and Victoria. This colony had three times tho aroa of | country ovor which to curry their moans of communication. Not only had tho railways to bo carried over inhospitable mountain ranges, at enormous expense, from which Vic- toria was safe, but thoy hud to carry railways three timos the distance Viotorin had to reach the same amount of popu- lation, and thoy had in this colony in a. hundred different ways to devise tho rovontio for the benefit of tho people, where Victoria had no occasion to do anything of the kiud. This colony could not be measured by a small compact colony, with its million of Dopulution and its narrowed limits. Tho ground of objootion against tho resolution con- sisted in the distinct undortakiug by tho Government to ask tho Houso to pass a comprehensive mousuro suited to the country-and the Governmont was prepared to pass it within six months from the present time. It could not bo passed this session. It was unfair, in view of the promise .of the Government, to ask the Houso to pass a motion of this kind. (Hoar, hear.) The bon. member tor Cantor bury, who had oxcollod all gentlemen in one diroction, wanted pound for pound from the Government of the rates and contributions. If somo citizen of a borough chose to make a present of £5000 the Government would have to contribute a uko sum. (Hoar, hoar.) Thor« was a municipality within tho eloctorato he had tho honour to represent that subscribed every year a sum equal to the rates for tho sake of its own advantage. (Hoar, hoar.) Thus, if tho ratos amounted to £1000, the residents subscribed another £1000 without asking tho Governmont to contribute anything, and tho effect had boon to beautify the place, and to give it an appearnnco unliko any munici- pality ho hud over seen, either in Victoria, Queensland, or unvwkere olso. 'Iho suburb ho alluded to was Msnly. (Hour, bear.) Thore wai nothing to prevent othor munici- palities from doing tho sumo thing, und ho did not think the rosideuts could better employ their money. As the ques- tion had beon dwoll upon with gi oat force, ho would tako leave to say that howovor blundering the National Govern- mont had beon iu its expenditure, in a relative degree the municipalities had equally blundered. (Hear, hear.) Tho municipalities had expended largo sums of money un- necessarily, and thov were cortainly upon to tho charge of favouritism in oxpending minis not warranted by the wants of tho district, but maiked specially by tho intorests of particular property-holders who sut in tho councils. That could not be denied. (Hoar, hoar.) Ho was ono of thoso who would yield to no one in his desire to seo healthy, notivo, widespread municipal governmont' in this country. Ho had done his utmost at all times , to oarry the present Act through this Assombly, and some j of tho clauses in that law, especially tboso authorising tho ; establishment of tree libraries, were entirely his, written in his handwriting at the table ; and all the free líbranos owed thoir institutions entirely to his individual action. Ho strove to give to the municipalities unlimited power of taxation, and his idea »as that the doctors wore the best checks of the abuse of that power. While he hold the opinion that municipal government was a wise institution, and the -only institution that could carry out works of comfort to dwellers of patticular districts, ho j felt that thure was u good deal questionable about a resolution of this kind. Thoy should romembor- ] that when municipal govcrnmont was introduced into this country, the theory -was that Government should give 20s. in th« £ for the first five years, 10s. in the £ for tho second five years, and 6s. in the £ for tho subsequent five years, and after that terra of 15 years, they wore to bo como self-supporting. (Hear, hear.) An endowment was only justified by a sparso population, and that could not apply to Sydney aud its great suburbs. Thoy were as populous and ablo to govern themselves as the corresponding towns, in England or America. (Hear, hear.) Ho asked that the Houso would reject the resolution. (Hear, hear.) The Government proposed to meet I 'arliamcnt early next year, and would thon, without delay, proceed with the raw-mro, and the House having received that assurance should reject the resolution. Mr. O'SULLIVAN said that no true friend of muni- cipal government could vote against the proposal. Mr. JOSEPH ABBOTT said that municipalities had boen promised increased endowment, and they hod been carrying out their work in tho expectation of receiving that increased endowment. If he thought that tho currying of this vote would prevent the introduction of tho Local Government Bill ho would not bo in favour of it. Ho did not cousider that the passing of tho voto would delay the adoption of the Local Government Bill. There was u distinct promise to the municipalities, and therefore they should not bo treated lightly. Hjo would vote for the resolution. ' Mr. HAWKEN intended to vote asratnat the resolution, because ho thought that a privato member should not bring in. a resolution which might provo embarrassing to a Goverum nt which was committed to a policy of retrench- ment, The municipalities around Sydney wore in a good condition, and could help to retrench at a timo when tho colony desired to save money. \^ Mr. HO Wflfiupported tho motion. Having "had expe- | rienco in municipal work, he knew the municipalities wore on I i tied to this endowmont. The municipalities had boon and wera now crying out "for local government, and the fact of granting the endowmont asked for would not in any way los ment Bill. (Hear, hear.) Mr. WALKER said the Premior had given a promise in writing that tho endowment of £ for £ would bo granted. That promise was now to bo broken, and they were pro- mised instead that the Local Government Bill would be introduced in six mouths time. He would support tho motion, because he believed tho municipalities were doing good work-were in want of the endowment, and were en- titled to it. Mr. CARRUTHERS replied. Tho House divided, with the following result : AYES, 17. Mr. Fletcher Mr. Seaver Mr. Carruthers Melville ' O'sullivan Copeland Howe Lee Walker Schcy Allon, W. J. Crouch ( -",,. Abbott, Joseph Gould Creer j1BUCI8> Davis Burbour NOES, 17. Tarkes, Sir BL Inglis Stevenson Dibbs Brunker Kelly Roberto Bl own, IL H. Cameron Clarke, W. Turner Browne, ) Burns Haynes do C. J ToDers. Hawkin ' Wilkinson Dawson ; Mr. SPEAKER said that as the motion would bind the Houso to nothing, but would givo on opportunity for further consideration of the matter, he would vote with the "Ayes." Ho therefore declared the motion carried. ADJOURNMENT. Sir HENRY PARKES moved "That the House do now adjourn." Mr. MELVILLE said ho wished to again call.tho atten- I tion of the Colonial Secretary to the matters connected with the Little Bay Hospital, in order that the Premior should collect all tho evidence he could by Thursday, when hointeudod to move the adjournment of the House. Mr. HAYNES said'he desired to call attention to the death of a man in the police cells, at Woollahra-a man who had been allowed to meet his death through neglect. Mr. CROUCH called attention to tho interference with tho shearers at Walcha by the union mon, and reminded the Premier that a few constables could not cope with 300 man, as reported in tho newspapers. Sir HENRY PARKES promised to havo inquirios made, and to supply the necessary information in duo course. At sovon minutes past 12 o'clock the Houso adjourned until i p.m. .on Wednesday. 