William O'Brien at Waterford. At a national demonstration at Water ford, on September 9th, Mr. William O'Brien made the following speech : — From my heart I congratulate you, men of Waterford and Tipperary, of Kilkenny and Gallant Wexford — I con gratulate you on this magnificent gath ering of the clans here to day (cheers) — one of the most glorious sights that ever cheered my eyes, or that ever thrilled the heart of man (renewed cheers). I only hope that Mr. Balfour's spies will give him some idea of the dim ensions, and of the spirit of this demons tration in Waterford to-day (cheers). If they do, I venture to think that he will come to the conclusion, that his conquest of Ireland will have to begin all over again. (Great cheer ing). We have now gone through twelve months of the worst that coercion can do to us, and is it we who have reason to blush when we can look back upon it to-day ? (Loud cheers). Exactly twelve months ago — as Mr. Suilivan reminded us— twelve months ago this very day, Mr. Balfour com menced his work by the slaying of three men in Mitchelstown. Go back over all that has occured since, and I ask you, is the cause of Ireland in a worse condition before the world to-day ? (Great cheer ing). Has he stamped out one single branch of the National League ? (Never.) Has he defeated one single combination under the Plan of Campaign ? (Never.) Has he won one tangible victory of any sort or kind that he can point to ? (cheers.) I know that at one time, it was a toss up whether Lord Salisbury was going to offer us an Irish Parlia ment or a Coercion Act (cheers), and it would be a toss up again in the morning, if he thought he could retain office by another shuffling of the cards (renewed cheers.) These are the heartless indiv iduals who are gambling the happiness of the Irish people, and I am certain that what is troubling Mr. Balfour to-day, is not the amount of misery that he is causing, not the homesteads that he is unroofing, it is not that he has the blood of John Mandeville on his head ; but what is irritating him, and what is maddening him, is that he knows that all his wicked work has been labour in vain (loud cheers) — is that he knows that he has failed to break the spirit, or break the organisation of the Irish people, (cheers) aye, or even ruffle their temper (cheers) ; and that he knows that he stands before the world to-day, not in the character of a conquering Cromwell, but as a poor blatant humbug and failure (loud cheers). Believe me, that is the sore point with Mr. Balfour to-day (cheers). Mighty little would he care, by what means he had conquered us if he only succeeded ; but he has not ; he knows that there are thirty thousand men this moment, confronting me, who are as full of fight, and not only as full of fight, but as fresh for the fight to-day, as they were twelve months ago ( loud cheers). And more than that. He knows that he dare not face an audience of his own countrymen in any part of Great Britain, and defend his policy ( cheers ) ; he dare not confront John Mandeville's ghost before an open and free assembly of Englishmen ( loud cheers ) ; and he is obliged now to select his audience— well, as if the whole British public were engaged in a con spiracy to pick his pockets (cheers and laughter), and even if he got his ticket audience together, the most effectual ar gument he could offer on the Irish question, is that he is obliged to feed them with plates of roasted ox ( cheers and laughter). Is that nothing— is it nothing, that an English Coercionist Minister dare not now face his own countrymen ? ( cheers ) Is it nothing that we, the worst of Mr. Balfour's cri minals, that we can go out into the street in a great English city, and that we can make sure of a hearing, and of a welcome from the English people, from the very first crowd that comes the way ? (cheers). Aye, and as Mr. Sullivan will tell you, the worse criminals we are in Ireland, the more tremendous the cheers we receive from the English people (cheers). Well, I say, what does that mean, if it does not mean that. We have only to keep pegging away at what we have been doing (cheers), and if there is anything certain in human affairs, it is that the day of general elec tion will be a day of victory, and of triumph and irrevocable triumph — for the cause of Ireland (loud cheers). I know that there are persons who will tell you that the general election may be far off ; there are persons, well meaning persons, who are always shaking their heads, and throwing cold water in the moment of difficulty, instead of doing a practical stroke of work to make coercion bitter for the Coercionists, and that is the solitary gleam of hope the Coercionists have (hear hear). They say the Irish are fickle and a quarrelsome race, and we have only to go on worrying them a little longer, and they will get discouraged, and they will not fail to quarrel amongst one another like a lot of wayward children. Well, if we were ever a nation of children, we are children no longer (loud cheers). We are a nation of full grown men to day (cheers). We have got a leader whom we can trust, and whom we will trust to the death (cheers). We have got an organisation that nothing can shatter (cheers) ; and we have got a policy that is marching on to victory, with the most wonderful and most rapid strides that any great movement of the century has commanded ; and until that policy is tried, and that victory is won, I think I may assure our enemies that the whole force of the Irish race will stand to their guns (loud cheers), and will stick to their leader with a steadiness and discipline of a German army on the march (renewed cheers). God knows, I am not insensible to the cruel sacrifices that this struggle entails upon our unfortunate people. I have seen John Mandeville's desolate house, and his dear little true-hearted Irish wife. It is enough to make our hearts bleed, when we think of John Dillon wasting his noble life away in the gloom of a prison cell, when we are breathing God's air to-day, and to think of Mr. Balfour and Dr. Barr (groans), with their hands as it were, on his pulse, to know how much more he can stand, and then turn him out on the world a shattered and a broken man. Don't tell me of those things. I know it all. Morning, noon, and night, I think of the thousands of humble heroes like the men of Coolroe, (loud cheers) whom we have on this platform here to-day. Morning, noon, and night, I think of such men giving up their families, and giving up their business, and with their naked breasts facing the bayonets and the bludgeons, while the houses that they built are being tumbled about their ears. I know it all, but I know also that all these things, and ten thousand times worse perils, and worse sacrifices, have had to be faced by our unhappy race for many a day, and for many a genera tion, when we had none of the hopes, and none of the friends that are thronging round us to-day (cheers) ; and I say, we would deserve every stripe that the landlords could lay upon our backs, we would deserve to be disowned by our Irish fathers from their graves, if we murmured against those few last sacri fices that we have to pass through, if we were not ready to give our energies, and if necessary, to give our blood, in this last struggle for the possession of the Irish soil, and for the regeneration of our ancient Irish race (cheers). Well, I have no hesitation in telling you, that sacrifices we will have to go on making for a while longer. We cannot expect a busy and self-absorbed people, like the English people, to think our liberties are worth fighting for, unless we show them that we think they are worth fighting for ourselves (renewed cheers). I tell you, that the men I see before me, will have to show their teeth, they will have to defy Mr. Balfour and the landlords, and they will have to meet them foot to foot. I only place one limitation, mind you, upon your resistance to the den of thieves in Dublin Castle. I only ask you one thing. We must be true to our faithful friends and allies in England, Scotland, and Wales. We must remem ber, that the basest ingenuity is being employed to make Mr. Gladstone answer able for every word, and every deed of ours. We must remember, never to do anything that we cannot defend to our consciences, and that we can't stand up and defend before any honest assembly of Englishmen. I have no hesitation in telling you, that one thing which I should be most ashamed to acknowledge before an English audience, the one thing for which Englishmen, who are brave men, and who love liberty themselves, the one thing for which they would justly despise us, would be if Balfour could boast that the men of Ireland were sur rendering tamely, their homes, and that a few months' jail had frightened us out of the struggle, for which thirty gen erations of our fathers have faced the gallows and battlefield (loud cheers). There is not the least fear of that. There never was a time when the heart of Ire and was sounder, or when the pulse of Ireland beat higher, than it does to-day. If we had a great deal — and we have a great deal — to exasperate and to mad den us, we have the thousand times more to fill our hearts with encourage ment and with hope. Of all the gen erations of Irishmen, that have lived in this land since the Norman conquest, we of this generation have most to be thankful for. We are the most united ; we are the most influential throughout the globe, in America, as well as here ; and we are the blest, above all the gen erations that have gone before us, with the promise, yea, and with the certainty, that we will yet own and govern this lovely land of ours (cheers). Why, it is a thing of itself worth living, for to live in a time like this, when our old Irish race, which was once a very bye word of dissension and disunion, that the race is united to-day all the world around, like so many regiments in one mighty army, twenty million strong (cheers). Yes, it is a time worth liv ing in, and it is a time worth struggling in. These are great historic scenes in which we are privileged to take a part, and we ought to to thank God that it is our privilege now, before the battle is quite over, and before the thunders of the cannons have died away. I tell you that the struggle is nearly over, and that the battle is nearly won (loud cheers), and remember my word in happy years to come, it will yet be your proudest boast — the richest legacy you can bequeath your children-— that you can say that, in these last great scenes of our glorious war of independence, you struck a blow under the banner of Gladstone and Parnell (renewed cheers), that you stood by their side in the hour of peril, and that you joined in the shout of the universal Irish race in the day of victory for our land (loud and prolonged cheering, amid which Mr. O'Brien concluded). 