OUR CENTENNIAL EXHIBITION. SERMON BY DR BEVAN. On Sunday evening wcok, at tho 1 ndopondrnt Ohurch, OoIIiiih street, a deeply interesting sermon was preached on the above Rubject by tlin pastor, the Rev. DrBovan. The church. with nil its largo seating capacity, wah filled, and tho uttorauces of this preacher worn' listened to throughout with tho greatost Atten tion. Tho text choftnn was a happy one, nnd the lct'aon which it teaches was laid beforo tho congregation with great power. Tn tho 12th chnnter of tho Act of tho Apoitle, tho story of tho deliverance of l'«tcr from prison is told, and after that it is related how llerod went down from Judea to Caesajya, nnd there abode. " And ltorod was highly displeased with them of Tyro ami Stdon, but thoy came with onn accord to him, and having mado Blastus, the King's clmmhcrluiu, their friend, dpsircd iwnce ; because tlwir country was nourished by tho king's country. And upon a set day llerod, avrayed in royal apparel, sat upon bin throne, nml made nn oration unto thorn. And tho people gave n shout, saying it is tho voice of a god, and not of n man." These last words were tho text nf tho sermon. Tim dreadful result of such impiety wah told ; how " immediately tho angel of the Lord sinoto him Ixjcaueo hoguvo not God tho glory; nud ho was catmi up of worms, and pavo up tho Ghost." Herod, in lua jionip and mngnifiennoo, arrayed in royal apparel, was likened by Dr Ruvnn to tho Czar of nil thu Russian, as lie Appeared upon a reennt occasion beforo his pooplo Ills parson ono blazo of jewels, ho that many In the crowd could not ciuluro to look upon him. But bicauso llerod gavo not God the glory ho was smitten, and died of a most loathsome disease, brmiglit on by ' his own evil course, and UU luxurious mode of life. "Tho Angel of the Lord smoto him"— that was the divino way of putting it. Ho did nob waut to l>o thu dentil's head nt thu feast, tho preacher said; but whilst wn were congratulating ourselves upon this most suc cessful celebration of our birth ns a nation, it wo right tlinfc wo should lomember wo nro hut men. On "Wednesday list n great Exhibithn had liocii opeund to cclcbruti tlis huiuiredtii birtlnlay of Australia, and wo might probably look nt a few features of th» celebra tion whioh suggested thumsulves. Only ono hundred years ago— a tltno ho Hliort that we might all havo talked to those who had lived then and reineinlwred it— only a haiulftii of men roamed in this wild land. Now, taking ovcryihiug into account, wo might say. a far as tho general prosperity of all classes is concerttod, wo were nb tho head of civilised communities. Tho pngeant of 1st August presented somo striking features. Leaving out pprhap London, Paris and New York, it was doubtful whether in nuy city of tho world could bo found such nn a'Beiiihlage of weidtti nnd learning, or onn which bore suoh evident marks of prosperity a that covered by tho roof of tho Exhibition on owning day. And this was a remarknblo and significant fact; But pcriinns still moresig- ntfica»t\VBSthoHcuiioutaidoilielmflrimg. In the first place, very fow streets could be found to equal in natural picturesqucnoHS that which was tho princiinl ono in tho route of tho pro- cesidnti. Then tho people themselves nnd tho manif(>statious of honest, dignified nnd effec- live labor! Itwnsnsight to bo remombered. The speaker referred to a soeno whioh ho wit nessed wlion thu people of London assembled in their thousands to welcome to tho shores of England tho liberator of Italy. "Baliuvo nr,e, frienils.'hoexuliiimed, after .igl()wingde..criplion of the Hceno, "there is no moro mngniiicont sight upon earth than the gathering of a free people. About tho show of 1st August, there was a little touch of old world military dis play, but he hoped that tho people of Austra lia would soon get rid of that. Then to think of tho Exhibition itself ; tho work which was necessary m Uni making of all costly goods, wonderful objects and signs of tho triumphant toil of modem days. Let ono go hack a fow years, nnd think thou of the rapid strides which had boen made in all branches of art and mauufacUtro, of thoim- inonxo amount of labor . saved by marvellous machinery. How wonderful waa it all, All i but nothing to what was to come. Thoru was n ro.«y light in tho cabtcrn sky which told of tho coming day, Tho great world was only awakening to the imssihilities brloro it, was only beginning to obey tho great law, to in crenso mid multiply, nud havo dominion over thu tilings of tho earth. Few tilings were moro striking than tho fact that wo wcro now brought no near to Eng land. While n fow years ago tho journey was ono of months, it was now no impossiblu thing to meet) a mnu in Collins street ono day and 28 days Inter seo him in Fleet street. And this, the Doctor thought, was only tho begin ning. Whnt nn ago we lived in 1 But it be hoved us to be wise, to remember that wo wcro but iiuiii, nnd remember tho wjrds uf tho text, niid where tho glory was dm. Tho proacher then turned to tlin Blblo, nnd spoko of sovcrnl exhibitions mentioned there. Ahnmierns, in Iuh palnco at Chus.ui, nuido a great feast, and sliowod tho riohes of his king dom fornnhundrodnndfourKcorcdiiys. Junt tho tonn for which our own Exhibition was tn re main upon, Bub where wcro now his riohcu? Whcro was his palace? Whore tho people ho roignod over? What destroyed thoao ancient kingdoms ? What nte into their lifo a canker. It was well for us to remember iti tho day of our glory how theso things disap peared. .What estrange Exhibition was that mado by King Ilezoliiah ! When tho princes of Babylon came to him ho showed them all tho wealth of his kingdom. Isaiah, tho prophet, uikod what ho had shown thcin, nnd being told, prophesied that nil theso treasures would bo curried into Babylon. And trie prophecy proved true. Thou must we re member tho perishable nature of all Uwsa things, and Ienrn from o.tr text to say, " Not unto us but unto Thee, O Ged, b-j the glory. Not ours tho wurks, not outs tho strength, not ours iu this grand country thn valleys and tho flock", tho cattle on a thousand hills; not ours but Ills." . 