Football Ho tes. (By 'Kn Avant.') A tlnusand voico.i oried hurrah 1 As thov snw the oval roll ; And tho follower skying high his cap, Shrieked out 'The winning ftoil.' 73itro. The fine weather last Saturday attracted a good attendance to the Association Ground, where the City (liobart) arid Cmilli 1 .n i iiif»nafnn rtwif: ftw f.lio crmntii-1 (*i-v-,. this, season. 1 wns astonished .at. the opinions freely indulged in by tho majority of the spectators present ]-ri»r to the start of tlie game, ' tlmt tho locul club would not stand a ghost of ti show against the redoubtable City boys.' For one, I did not expect them to win, but I fully anticipated Unit they would give tho men of 'the southern part of tho island all that they could do to win ; yet 1 must candidly con fess that 1 nover dreamt', of the 'South Lauiiceston' collaring their opponents in the way they did, ami -making the contest ono of 'the most exciting yet played -this season upon northern soil. O'Connor won the toss from Ryan,' captain of the City, and took advantage of a good wind.' The first blood, : however, was scored by .tha visitors, who all but netted a goal; This roused up. the doughty knights under. the leadership of O'Connor, and soon the oppor tunity presented itself to bring - down 'the play within their -opponents' cam]), andtlie ball being smartly secured by 'Woods, the fipt goal to South' Launceston appeared on tlio. board.' Tlie,' ball had hardly got, well into play again! than the same player dis tinguished himself ,by repeating.- the. dose, when tho boll rang, out.., first quarter, time. With the wind in their favor numberless goals were to be placed to tlie credit of the City, and the South Launceston werofairly put on their mottle, O'Connor,: limit, ana Carnie working like tigers. After severe struggling C. Vdutin at last secured a mark with the result of a score. ? Kicked pff, more good 'work, was, put in' by both sides',, and just before half time was called ' Joker ' Hall did the needful, and the scores as, the bell rang stood 2 goals 4 -bbhiiids each. After the usual breather the South with the wind, played capitally, but during this quarter were unable to score, although Guriton had a chance to cover himself with glory, inaking a mark live yards iii front, but tlio ball hit the post. Tho last quarter found tho men of Launceston tiring, whilst on the other haiid the City camp strongly, Edwards hitting the post, followed hy.'a more successful shot on the part of Lang ford, who kicked the winning goal for the Hoburtoiiians. llesult at call of timo — City, 3 goals 6 heliinds ; South Launceston, 2 goals 7 behinds. The City had 11 shots, securing 3 goals (3 behinds, ono a poster, whilst two tries did not lodge behind. The South mustered, nine possibles, kicking 2 goals 7 behinds with one .poster and , two attempts not recording oven behinds. Kor the winners, G. Vautin played the gamejas I, should like every man that enfjngeslin ?the 'game of football to play it ? r.Kd. Wards'- marking was suporb ; M'Guinriess followed untiringly; and they were, Jwell supported by the team gonerally. ?lFor',£he losers', I 'novor saw ' ',' Dbdgor ' ' O'Connor labor so hard, and he'was ' well' bodied up by Carnie. The play, of rllunt calls for special .mention, and Whiting marked SDlendidly. : Jimmy Joliiispn' put ,iif.s6m» fas't work, arid it' appeared as if themajoHty o£,theJ team find been training hard' from, the wa,y in j which theyj worked .aUrpiind. .The absence of Armour: wdsHgreatlyvifelt. fairly ; guaging the : two teams from filast Saturday's exhibition, the result oty'tha game shouldhave boon a'draw ; the visiting team even acknowledged this at thoclose of the game, and1 the: play of tho locals richly entitled; them it' '' ;i; ' , In connection; with, the above match a ludicrous scene occurred.*' At half time the captain of the City team objected to tlie central umpire, and declared that if he were not removed the Sputhernteam would dis continue the match. A' gentleman con nected with tho Association, anxious, to promote good feeling, sided with this objection and declared that as a mattorpf courtesy the wishes of the visitors' should be acceded, to. Fortunately wiser counsels prevailed and the umpire appointed and sanctioned by the Northern Association was not deposed but continued his duties, and tho' Southerners deterniinod upon finishing the game. Once tho umpire has started upon his duties, whether, he be fair or unfair, as regards his decisions, he 'cannot be interfered with during tlio match. , It is only a week or two since that Welsford, as central umpire in the match Carlton v. North Melbourne, Victoria, to all intents and purposes' favored the Carlton, so much so that at half time the vast .crowd could hardly be persuaded to keep within bounds. The Association had no ; jurisdiction during the match, but asserted itself afterwards by suspending the gentleman named. The Geelong, too, complained very much about Mr Cherry, the Hobart contra'!, during their last match against combined Hobart, but had to swallow tho nauseous potion ns best they^could. The fact is, go', southwards, and they will , tell you there is not 'a in art can. umpire, fairly in the, North; on the other hand,iiiteryiew a Northerner and he is just as positive that a, Northern team can never hopo for justice at the hands of a Southern umpire. And so it has ever been, and ever will be, whether in club or representative matches between the North and South. I was not, pleased with the central umpire at all last Saturday, but while perfectly impartial, he allowed' the players to bully him, and through want of strictness permitted rough play to creep in, which would iiave been better conspicuous by its, absence; ; : ' ,' . ' ' ; „, Launceston ,y. South, Launceston to-day, upon the Association Grouridii [From the form, shown by the .South lasti Saturday, and which, if continued to-day, the match should bo a beauty. ? ? The Launceston have to lament the- absence' of ' Jim-Deane and '. Fagan '?' Deane, the' former being'in Mel- bourne, whilst; the latter is suffering froiri blood', poisbning.' 'Tlie losses are' lieavy ones; still the' .', Light Brigadp' have some good yburig 'unV to pick from.', ,,If, the weather is fine the game' should draw a good crowd, as the improved play of the South has established, a stronger feeling, in thoir.fayo'r;.;, J ',Yjj'lv,1 'V.''-.'.'-'| -i, ,.'„', '' ,.'j, ',' /rhere'.will ,W more' than 'ordiriary,vin- terest shown in the junior circles to-day. owing to the meeting between the two lend ing junior clubs in the City and Union. If tlieformor club wins it will ninke them comparatively safe for the junior premier ship,' -vrliilst if the Union achieve victory things will roach a' very interesting stago indeed.' Tlio City barely won their game last Saturday against the Laimceston second, who jjlayed a great ganii;. The Union have been playing in lino style since their last meeting with the .City second, and will, no doubt, put their bust foot for ward to gain a further 'leg in' to-day. . -Football in- Victorian circles is fraught with .surprise every other week. Look ut such chilis ns tho South 'Melbourne nml Carltonj tlio cream of footballers in their ranks, reckoned at the beginning of the season to be invincible. South Melbourne, for instance, can kick 8 goals against Gee long,: 11 against Cnrlton, yet can only draw flgamst iitzroy, mid receive defeat at the hands of Richmond. Carlton defented easily by the South, thoroughly dressed down the Fitzroy, and then such clubs us the Williamstown and Richmond thrush them with ridiculous eate. Who will bn the premiers for 1SS8 ? The question is not easily answered, the way things are curried on. Geelong, supposed to be out of it, is in it ;in fact, who is not in it is most dilli cult to solve. -The Englishmen have nearly finished their Australian tour ; and during a recent interview the captain of the Englishmen has' given' his opinion, that ' although the Australian gamp possesses merit, it is not the' equal .of the Rugby,' and also. that.'.Mie could select a team in England that would, after a month's practice, nut an Australian team:- through.' Well, I'm afraid that as regards the first statement, that the Britisher will have to rest satisfied with his opinion, for as to altering the game in the colonies to ,his favorite idea will-never be successful.' Thirty years aeo the Ruabv game was the gaine,;but, fortunately, far seeing men awoke' to the fact that some thing more than mere brute strength was required, and the: Australian laws were adopted, and ,tho game ' is now open to all, Jrom^the six-footer and 13 stono to the lithe, arid- active eight or nine stone man. If Mr: Seddon can get a. team. Of English men able to* 'cope with the best colonial talent, all I can say is, that there are 'thousands' in it. The game of football is the leading pastime throughout the Aus tralian colonies, and the Englishmen have great, favor -with the colonists — as the present trip as shown— and if they can go4; a team together, us 11 r Seddon says, then a match, or a series of; matches, England v. Australia, will bring more grist to the mill of the promoters than has ever fallen to the lot of speculators, not even excepting the great successes, from a monotary point of view, .obtained by the first Australian Cricket Eleven. A little matter that might bo talked over between our Association delegates, ere the season closes, is the advisableness of con ferring with the South in reference to sending another combined to Victoria next season, and, failing their concurrence, to try for some sort of matches, either a com bined Northern team or the premier club of the present season, doing the honor. Let something be done this season. If it is not seen to at once, next season will be too late, and another frost set ins 'for the i Northern part of the island. 'Lot us be up and doing,' etfc. ? There is one , matter that I have boen going to refer t» for weeks past, but it. has slipped my memory, and that is the annoy ance caused to players by tho dogs that are allowed to roam about tho ground woek after week. It is a wonder that some acci-' dent'ihas not happened before this through dogs i getting mixed up with the players, and the secretary of the Association should take more fltrineent measures to have this nuisance remedied.' I am sure the matter onlyit wants drawing attention to in order to.be rectified. A, football match was played at Bracknell on Saturday last, between the, Biehopsbournc and Braeknell clubs, when the teams were captained by fc'dwards and Hall respectively. At 8 o'clock the ball was set rolling by theBracknellites, the visiting team winning tho toss, and was kept in the vicinity of the visitors', goal during nearly the whole of the lirst quarter. After a change for the second quarter, the game became more even, and some good playing was done on both sides, both teams work ing well, Bracknell having several shots for goal, but only securing 2 boliiuds ; half time being then called, the game stood — Bracknell, 2 behiuds ; Bishopsbourne, nil After un interval of ton minutes, the ball was again set rolling, and was rushed up to the local goal, through a mistake by one of the local players, where the first behind for .'Bishopsbourne was scored. During the rest of the quarter, tho local team had it all their own way, until a slight misunder standing occurred, causing the visitors to leave the field, through a decision given by one of the umpires. After the visitors had left the Held tho local captain marked the ball to one of his players, and then kicked a goal, the first for liracknell, and claimed tho match. The players who distinguished themselves for Bracknell were — Eivan, Murray, Yatus (2), Green (2), nail, Saunders, and Williams ; and those for Bishops bourne were Edwards, Field, Blake, Hol gate, Jones, Hodgetts, O'Toole, and Chip land. Messrs. Lyons and M'Quinn officiated as umpires. The following matches have been set down for to-day : — Launceston v. South Launceston, Asso ciation ground, 2'30. Launceston— Angwin, Brown, Coogan, Collins, Dean (3), Douglas, Home, Hammond, Lucas, Miller,' Martin, Maloney, Ritchie, Scott, Spotswood, AVeet man, Wilson (2): emergencies— Crocker, Parker. South Launceston. — O'Connor, Armour, Hunt, Riva, Carnie, Whiting, Waugh, Callaghan, Johnson, ll'Auloy, Vin cent, O'Mara, Palmer, Stanwix, Bennett, Woods, Harper. Ward, Gunton, Ahoarn. Launeeston Second v. South Launceston Second. Launceston — Batty, Biggins, Brown, Crawford, Goodluck, Gruby, Murray (2), Matthews, l'arker, Richardson, Side bottom,' Spotswood, Stephens, Sullivan, Taylor, Tyson, Warner, Young, Hart. City Second v. Union, on tho Invermay Park. City — A'aughan, Morris, Hyde, Donaldson, 'Fun-all. Greaves, Brown, Lin stead,- Voteran, lloyles, Allison, Steibel, Gaitskill.Frasor, Woods, Holland, Waters, Venables;- Singleton, Roles j emergencies— Blair; amliich; I kin. Union— Inglis, Brown, Darcey', , Castley, Croft, Miller, Newton, Carling, Coombo, Stearnes, Taylor, Brown, Weston;: Illingworth, James, Williamson, Lloyd, Wheeler, Blair, Walston. The St. Joseph's will journey to Cleveland by the'8-30 train, to- play a;match with the local1 team. ; : ? , ' ' .-: ?-,'?'!.' . ' ?'? - - - - i 