BROADBRIM'S NEW TOM LETTER. Once more Messrs. Kirby & Sutton, of the Americas Art Galleries, hare laid New York under an obligation that it would be difficult to estimate. It is not that their present col lection of pictures so far surpasses any of those which have preceded it, or that it has any marked phenomenal works of art, but for general excellence it is of the very highest standard through and through. I am not one who mourns the continual breaking up of magnificent and valuable col lections. The opportunity of studying these splendid works is in itself an education, and it is safe to say that a hundred people have seen and enjoyed them in the American Art Galleries to the one who ever saw them in the hands of the original possessors. When the great Morgan collection was on exhibition there the Gallery was visited by 8t least 100,000 people. During Mrs. Morgan's life it is douht l'ul if they were ever seen by 2,000. The Stewart collection while in Stewart's posses sion might just aa well have been iu the Catacombs, but when placed on sale by Messrs. Kirby&Sufclon; it attracted a multitude whojre ceived more pleasure aud profit from an hour's visit to the American Art Galleries than Mr. Stewart or his friends had received all their lives. The same may be said of the Seney collection and numerous others which have been entrusted to the care of these enterprising gentlemen And it is not only the fact that they have had valuable collections of pictures on exhibition, but they have become the acknowledged medium between the stripling artist and the wealthy purchaser, eecurino the reward for his genius which he would have found it difficult to hare obtained without their aid, and for the purchaser the full value of his money measured by the high canons of art. It is this absolute honestv of purpose between the buyer and seller which has given them their present business standing, and this connected with the fact of their nice dis crimination in the selection of subjects which seeks out the pure, the grand, the educational, the instructive, have made the Ameri2an Art Galleries one of the most delightful places to spend an hour to be found in the citv. In the present collection there" are 266 pictures, every one of which comes up to a very high standard of art. In the brief space that I am compelled to give to each subject it is almist impossible to particularise, but 'Feeding Time," by Van Marcke, "The Orphans," by Lafon, and the "Arrest of Charlotte Corday" seem to be especially worthy of mention. There is also a portrait of CharlotteOorday so diffeient from anything ever seen or conceived of her on this side of the Atlantic that, if it is true to the life, it completely revolutionizes all preconceived ideas in regard to this remarkable heroine. The face is not uncomely, but it lacks the lines of fierce determination, which we have always as sociated with Charlotte Corday. The face that lives in our memory of the heroic assassin of Marat wascold as ice and fix-das fate. Measured by any standard, the features were beautiful; vet it was a kind of Satanic beauty that man fears, but never loses. The portrait on exhibition is by Edouard Richter of Paris, and the simple fact of its belonging to William Schaus, the celebrated art connoisseur, gives it a stamp of worth equal to the goldsmith's mark on sterl ing silver. But it is the face of a human, sen sums woman. Instead of the thin, firm lip and hard-knit brow, the lips are full and generous, intended more for love than hate, and looking on that face it is impossible to be litave that its owner could ever have nerved herself to become the executioneer of even such a hateful tyrant as Marat. ihe^ \V iue Taster," the " Miser and a monk in a wine cellar," are works of superla tive excellence. And while not in the general sale, I observed on an easel a landscape by the veteran artist, George limes, which twentv fire or fifty years hence will bring its weight ill gold. It. is true that from the present col lection there is ail absence of great names, for which, in many instance?, the art world has paid so much and frequently got so little ; but this collection, which perhaps lacking the imperial stamp, is rich in golden promise, and here we see the hopeful work of those who at no distant day are to fill the vacant places of Mavkart, Munkacsy, HeNeuviUe, Messionier, Diaz, Jules Breton, Carot, Beaugeron, and the other names which art has canonizod m the present generation. Hans ?<Iarkart's " Diana's Hunting Party ' is still to be seen there, and adds to tlie beauty and attractiveness of the exhibition. In a "tew days the entire collection except the last named work will pass under the merciless hammer of the auctioneer, aiid we hope that some public spirited citizen will see to it that some of the best canvasses find their way to the Metropolitan Art Museum. \V JiiJe reading the I reign news last week my tilood tingled at some evictions in Galway and Wicklovr. My anger was somewhat modified against our foreign cousir.s when I began to look at what we were doing in Jfcw York and Brooklyn. Wednesday, the loth February, was one of the bitterest dars of the season, the thermometer at high 110011 onlv marked a few degrees above zero. On that d;iy in New York twenty-six families were I pitched into the freezing streets with a degree of barbarity that it would be difficult to match from the Hill of Howth to the Q.ueenstown Harbor. On the same day in Brooklyn an irishman who had accumulated quite a pro perty as an attache of the Supreme Court threw a widow and her children out into the streets for the uon-paynifct of seven dollars, and I may here add that the Irish landlords of the tenement houses are the most merciless eviclors of the city. A terrible accident marred the progress of the elevated road in Brooklyn, i'he derrick used in hoistiug the cross beams and pillars fell on top of a street car, killing the driver, the horses and several passengers, and wound ing a number of others. A similar accident occurred to the same company a few weeks ago without such a fatal result, but instead of tak ing warning they have gone blindly on till it lias led to the present fatal calamity. Almost like a ghost from the other world Jonathan H. Green, the reformed gambler, dropped down on Brooklyu last week. Lon« years ago I recollect one night sitting in "a fashionable church, which was packed to suf focation, while I listened in breathless wonder to the startling revelations of the reformed i gambler. His books sold like wildfire, an :i extra zest was added to their publication bj the rumor that the daring convert was to be assassinated by the desperate villains whose thieving secrets he exposed. At that time Mr. Green seeuied to be on the high road to fortune, for lie was almost as successful on the piatfo-m as John B. Go ugh. But years rolled 011 and he passed out of sight and was forgotten, and hot he turns up in the City of Churches a poor, wretched, old man of seventy, wrecked and penniless, seeking a place to die. Lent is upon us, but it is far from a season of fasting and prayer. A theatrical mana ger told me that he never had such fine busi ness as he had during the past week. On Ash Wednesday all the matinees were crowded, and hundreds were turned away from all of the leading theatres. The atten dance at balls, concerts and private parties was phenomenal, and lo 6ee the giddy crowd j 110 one would ever dream that they had a thought of codfish cakes and repentance. I tear me from the signs of the times that there will be little sackcloi h and ashes worn for the next six weeks, and 1 should not be at all surprised to hear of a French cook's ball, or a Piaatt Deutch Fest, or a Sangerbund Jubilee on Holy Thursday or G-ood Friday. But if in certain directions we fail in spiri tual grace, on the whole we are making sub stantial moral progress. Mayor Hewitt and our new Police Com missioner have made it so uncomfortable for Harry Hill that he is forced to abandon !us ( old quarters on Houston street, and seek ! shelter for his dairy and pious Sunday con cert* on tlie bank* of the Harlem river. ( Skim milk and lemonade never did agree with Harry's custodiers, anyone of whom would sooner handle a boxing glove than a testament. Tom Gould, of the Sans Souci, came to grief in the police court, and not withstanding his strong pull, may yet find his way to Blackwell's Island. Billy McGlory is quiet as an oyster, and Theo Allen whose place was a burning scandal for years, appears to have permanently re tired from business. . We : are weeding out sin pretty fast, but we always keep seed enough on hand to ensure a good crop. One Jackson, a well-known fireman, fell dead in the street here last week,. leaving a snug little property, and a pension to his widow, if there was one, from the fire depart ment. He was always supposed to be a bache lor , but he was hardly laid in the Morgue when two widows turned up to claim him. One missed her husband seventeen years ago, and she thought the dead fireman looked ex actly like him. The other's husbaud deserted her in 1849, and she lias claimed no less than six at the Morgue, poor Jackson being the latest. 