Haunted by an Initial. I wais ichristened IPaulGrover.- The pat. ronymic was an inheritance from reputable 1 ancestors, .the prenomen a concession to my paternal grandsire, who, oscillating between profanity and-piety, had swung to the latter extreme at the date of my nativity, and in sisted on naming me after the great apostle. I have never felt any disposition to quarrel with my venerable progenitor on account of his action. Paul is a good enough name, and,.I am more than Eatisfied with.it-"when I consider what he might have called me had I been born when the pendulum was at the " other extreme. But my mother, like all solicitous women, dreaded to think of her first-born starting out in life in light marching order, so she 'handicappied me with a superfluous name. And of all names in the world, what do you suppose it was? Ivanhoe. Paul Iviinhoe Grover I -.. Is it necessary to state that she was of a s?atimental cast, or that Sir Walter's heroes •~'~wie the objects of hbr adoration ?- I have, no\\.dispoaition to qua vel with her, either; she might have named me Osbaldistone. During infancy, while I basked in the blaze of motherhood, Paul was a suppressed title. The chimes of maternal fondness rang out in maternal changes from "Ivy" to "VYanny," and from "Vanny" to "Hoey," though at times I was treated to a syntactic symphony of those diminutives, as " 'Et 'er kies 'ep'ooty toe Of mammy's Ivy-Vanny-hode."? But when the cruel years had done their work, and the fond arms unclasped them selves from the boy, no longer her baby, to let him go forth in the majesty of a jacket' and boots to his first encounter with the world, my mother grew covetous or distrust ful of the pet name. With all the solemnity, if not, the ceremonials, with which ;the an cients conferred arms upon their stripling sons, she: confided to me that niy real name was Paul. , So as Paul -I entered the lists. But the tones of maternal endearment had echoed beyond the nursery. My playmates were aware 'f my intercalary name. They re sented .the attempt to foist Paul upon them as an' imposition,; they declined to accept Ivanhoe, as.a whole or in its subdivisions; but with the fell malignity, of youth, they scanned my full title--Paul Ivanhoe Grover S-sndi discovering' the initials to be suscep -tibleof .that construction,-they nicknamed me" 'Pig." If the roll oflapsed experiences is ever called over! again, the ghost of one wretched boyhood will be heard answering .-to the name of Pig Grover. ,?The temporary indignity passed away, but the servility still adhered to me'; until man 'h'odd I' reverently wrote my Dame " Paul I. 'Grover." Then an awakening came. Why, ,I thought, should I burden myself longer S:with this miserable initial ? It was given to me fortuitously, and has brought me nothing but himiliation and tears. My mother, be. "holdiiig my chirldisl misery, repented in sackcloth that she ever bestowed it upon me ; noceremony: sanctified it, no record legalised il,.. :i will cast it away forever. Henceforth I will' be only, and will subscribe myself, simply, Paul Grover. And so I-wrote it; but most of my cor respondents ignored the elimination, anid continued -to address me as Paul I. Gro ver. There. is nothing so annoying as to be baffle'd in'a cherished purpose. I had set my heart upon eradicating theredundantap .pellation from my life, but it rose before me constantly.like a vengeful apparition._The sight Of the obstinate initial at length so ex asperated me that I prepared an encyclical letter in which I informed all whom it might concern that my name was Paul Grover, and nothing' else ;,that. there was no baptismal warrant for thrusting upon nme any other title, and least of all the personal pronoun I (by which I was stigmatised with gratuitous unanimity), ss I never had any middle name of which it was indicative, and was personally so destitute of egotism as. to render it ab surdly, inapplicable to me. My manifesto had the desired effect. It laid the ghost as effectually as the customary holy rites could have done. I triumphantly subscribed my self Paul Grover; no sign of the murdered initial came back to me from any direction. Glancing carelessly through the columns f:a morn.ing paper, the following advertise ment: t"If Paul I. Grover will communicate with Jordan, Setchel-'and- Howe-atto?neys-at- law, 3113 D street, he will hear of something to his advantage." There was no doubt in my mind that I was the person designated; but there was a doubt as to what.was advisable to be done. After having ceremoniously abjured one de spised initial, should I confess:it before the world, simply because it held out to me a promise of advantage ? It would be a re cantation so base I felt I never could stoop to it. But, on the other hand, had I a right to revolt against the eternal law of compen Eation 1 was justly:entitled to reparation for the suffering the detested initial had caused me, and here at last mightbe my full indemnity.. Could I, in duty to myself, reject the proffered atonement for the sake of a mere prejudice?' With characteristic in decision, I was three days coming to a con elusion. Mr. Jordan was just bowing a gen tleman out when I entered the office. "The papers will be ready to-morrow, Mr. Grover; call-at two," he said. I thought he addressed me and wondered why he should thus plunge headlong into business before I had even introduced my self; but, looking up at his bland face, I saw he was speaking to the other individual. The identity of names cause me to examine the latter with some interest:as he passed out of the door. He was about thirty-five, gaunt and sandy. I did not like his looks. . . "Now, sir, I am at your service," said Mr. Jordan, confrontingme. . \-- -Youn-advertise-for-Paul I.-Grover-to-calt at your oflice; that is my name," I replied. Mr. Jordan gave a little start, which was suggestive that it might have been a larger start if there had not been a ratchet in him somewhere that stopped and balanced him at a proper poise. He made an inartidulate ex .clamation-na qualified snort- passed his hand aimlessly over his smooth chin, looked at me scrutinisingly, seated himself, and con tinued to gaze at me steadfastly • "This is extraordinary- most extraordin. ary," he said, at length; the gentleman who jnst went out is Paul I. Grover, also," "ls it possible ?" ' "It is a fact. He came three days ago, proved his identity?? and the d. business is already far advanced toward settlement." ".May I inquire the 'nature of the busi ness ?". "Certainly; there is no secrecy about it. A client of ours, who has lived the greater part of his life in the West Indies, is recently deceased. He leaves the bulk of his estate to an only daughter; but he has also be queathed fifty thousand dollars. to Paul I. Grover, of New York, in order to place him in such a pos:tion of independence that he can marry the daughter without anyimputa tion 'of 'mercenary,motives, though the be quest is unconiditional, and in no wise de. pendant upon said marriage." "M~ight I presume to inquire the name of your late client 7" "Yes, sir; Thomas Wackleford." "The name is very familiar to me-; he was I a revered friend of my mother. In fact- K without designing to obtrude my confidence upon .yoU-l: believe an engagement existed between them at one time, but from some mischance it was broken off." - Mr. Joilan gave another start, but the ratchet caught before itbecame noticeably manifest. He stroked his chin thoughtfully, j rose and paced the room, pausing at different 1 4t. .. '- - '·. - t - standpoints to gaze into vacancy, as if en deavoring to obtain a parallax by which to measure the dimensions of some remote con tingency. "I foresee serious complications in this matter," he finally said. "There is nothing in the will to distinguish the rightful legatee beyond the words ' Paul I. Grover, of New York.' The other Mr. Grover has established an indubitable claim to" that title ; I doubt notbut you are able to do the same; then will come the battle of the names. The out. ,look" is- a promising'one from a professional standpoint. You bad best secure counsel immediately, Mr. Grover." "Is Miss Wackleford still in the West Indies ?' "No; she is stopping at present with a distant relative in the city.". ." Will you oblige me with her address ? I feel it a duty to call on her, entirely apart from the matter-of the will." He gave me the address, and I bade him good-day'. As I turned to go, he said " It might be well enough, Mr. Grover, to :lei me kn& where a line would reach you, intthe evenf we should d-to communicate with you." I handed him my card., He glanced at it and'made a feint, but the ratchet caught' be-' fore it developed into a full start. "I, observe that your name upon this card reads simply Paul Grover," he remarked, rather dryly. "Yes,.I: ordinarily put it that way, for brevity's sake; but my full name is Paul I. Grover-or, I should say, rather, Paul Ivan hoe Grover." ' "Doubtless, doubtless," he responded; " but it' is inconvenient, to say the least, to have your card misprinted when you desire. to prove your identity." The tradition of the pre-historic engage ment between our parents was known to Miss Wackleford as well as to myself. I called upon her in due course. By Jove I-if it be permissible for an or thodox man to take even a pagan oath-by Jove I she was a magnificent creature I tall, lithe, animate-her features a field of snow swept athwart by swaths of night, and her eyes blazing with a brilliance they must have caught from the sun at the equator. She never stopped to look or think if the almighty and indispensable I was on my card or not. She knew me'by intuition ; and the whirlwind in her nature, that levelled every thing else before it, swept the inheritance, and our love at first sight, and the final union, 'in one great, revolving, indistinguishable mass, onward to a happy conclusion. I sought an opportunity, when I had measurably disengaged myself from the lovely cyclone, to remark "I apprehend some difficulty in establish ing my rights;: another claimant has fore stalled me." I was watching her intently, to see if my words -aroused any doubt on her part. Doubt 7 There went a flash out of her eyes which would have consumed any object it had encountered like the blast from a com pound blow-pipe. "Who has dared to thrust himself between us?". she exclaimed. "I know nothing more," I answered, " than that I called at your lawyers, Jordan, Setchel and Howe, yesterday, and was. in formed that an individual calling himself Paul I. Grover had proved his identity, and that the settlement of the bequest was already in an advanced state." "The impostor I he must be dealt with sumiiiimarily." . '. " Unfortunately, I have placed myself in a rather equivocal position. For reasons not worth exp!aining now, I have for some years dropped my middle name, and it may not be an altogether easy thing to reestablish it." "What difference ?" she said, with one of her absolute gestures-" I know you to be the Mr. Grover for whom my father intended the legacy and myself. MIy voice will be listened to in this affair. The suit, should there be one, is mine both by right and feel ing-not yours. Give yourself no further concern about it." There was an implication in her tone and manner that she thought me too weak to fight the suit, which I resented with the petulance of weakness. " Oh, never mind," I stammered; "the thing isn't worth troubling yourself about." "Do you mean," she said, sweeping down upon me in one of her hurricane moods, " that I'm not worth your trouble ?" "I beg pardon, Miss Wackleford ; I was alluding to the suit." " But I'm alluding to myself ; do you ob ject to me ?" "-No; on the contrary, I like you; but you rather confuse and awe me." " Then, you poor, timid child, we will fight this thing to the bitter end. I will stand in your stead throughout the whole affair." The case of "Grover vs. Grover, il re Wackleforddeceased," is one of the celebrated causes of the Surrogate Court of New York. I was the plaintiff. I established con clusively that I was Paul Grover-there was a baptismal register to that extent; but when it came to proving my middle name,_ the evidence was only inferential. My parent -long deceased-could not testify to the fact of bestowing it upon me me; and old nurse, whom we fished out of obscure re cess, swore she had always heard me called Ivy, or Vanny, or Hoey, but admitted, on cross-examination, she never had the faintest idea what it all meant; and a former school mate deposed that I had been familiarly known in my boyhood as Pig Grover, but was forced to confess, under cross-fire, that the epithet was conferred upon me without any rational motive, so far as he knew. In short, we were compelled to rely on the fact that for some years I had used an initial in my signature as our mbst material proof. The defendant proved hisnamefully.- -Bfl the church record and by the blazon of his whole life he was entitled to be called Paul I. Glover. His middle name was Irving. I pardonedit, as less romantic, and distin tinguished than mine, but maintained an unabated hatred towards its owner. After establishing incontestibly the false claimant's identity, the defence got in their most cruel blow upon me. They produced a copy of niy encyclical letter, My own disinterested and deliberate statement rose up in evidence against me, and was re ceivedas conclusive; the case was decided against me ; but by the only stroke of good luck in the whole affair, 1 managed to escape indictment for perjury. "LWell, they have got the fifty thousand, but they haven't got me," was Miss Wackle ford's consolatory remark at the conclusion of the trial. " No, it might be wors- even than what it is," I acceded. "May I ask you if you have any intention of prosecuting your claim to the residue of my father's bequest ?" " I'm not quite sure, Miss Wackleford, that I fully comprehend you." " The fifty thousand, you know, was simply intended to place you in a position of com parative independence; I and my fortune were considered the principal legacy." 'I fear I have so demeaned myself in en deavoring to prove my identity in the trial just over that success in the other cause would be quite as hopeless." " Now, aon't be awkward, and make re marks that rfliect upon me. We fought that case together, recollect. But the other suit hasn't to be tried before any stupid magis trate or jury. I myself am to be the judge of the law and the factor in the case. Just institute the proper proceedings, and see how quickly you will get a favorable ver diet." "May I, then, Diana, indeed hope " " Hope, indeed I as if there was ever a time you couldn't have had me for the asking. But only on one solemn condition, Paul." " Name it 1" ..." That you resume the name to which the court has decided you have no title." "I should think you would loathe it by this time." " On the contrary, I adore it. I have wor shipped it all my life.. I reverenced your mother for conferring upon you such a charm. It filled my girlhood with romantic dreams of you before we ever met. Ivanhoe I Paul Ivanhoe I consider the possibilities of it.. Paul I., that is Paul First; Paul IV. is .Paul Fourth; Paul V., Paul- Fifth. - You will be quite a dynasty simply by virtue of your own title. Then Ivan is Sclavanic for i John; and Paul John is equivalent to John Paul John, which will make you a namesake of Jean Paul Richter. Really I cannot stop now to think of everything embraced in it; -but it is-a royal name, and its potentialities gill stretch on to infinity, I'm sure:" .The typhoon -ws -oeginnig. to trise; I knew that I must finally be ;whirled .before it like chaff ; so I hastened to'suriender un conditionally. "You may fix it as you please, Diana." "Then order cards at once for Mr. and. Mrs. P. Ivanhoe Grover." And thus' the name is written, both male and female, until this day. 