NOTES AND REFLECTIONS BY THE WAY. By A. O., Toganmain. TfllRD SERIES.—No 3. Carrathool is, I reckon, destined to advance, if not by leaps and bounds, yet gradually and snrely. That is the opinion of one gentleman who bought a town allotment the other day and paid- a fancy price for it, a price not below the biggest figures realised for an allotment of your Albury Common lately. It is also the opinion of a fresh firm who are just now erecting large store premises with a view to (extensive business transactions. ' That indefatigab e and enterprising merchant of Narandera, Mr. Ferrier, who owns a multiplicity of business places in various towns in Riverina, has likewise extensive stores here, in which everything is kept from a needle to an ostrich feather—at least the one that decorates the bonnet of my lady friend was procured there. Ferrier has customers scattered abroad on both sides of the river, embracing an area of 20 miles or more. His motto is—" Procure the very best goods possible, sell them at tbe lowest figure possible, and so get rid of them as soon as possible," Acting on such a plan is probably the reason why bis business has grown so extensive and why he is able to keep so many irons hot. Catch a canny Scotchman napping! This little town is enlivened now and then by social gatherings, concerts, balls, races, on which occasions there is sure to be a newspaper controversy re that ethereal and Beraphic creature the belle. At times, too, the place is made lively by two gentlemen who sling ink at one another, and who amuse themselves and friends by pelting each other with paper pellets. Both these gentlemen occupy prominent positions in the township, and that is the way they take to show the brotherly affection they bear and the meekness and innocnousneBB of their natures. A Land Court is to be held here in future, which will do no harm to business. The town occupies good position for traffic, several main thoroughfares leading to and from it. Settlement in the surrounding districts will increase. The inhabitants are affable and energetic, the girls are all pretty, the boys gallant; what more is required to promote the growth of a town and to make it prosperous and happy ? The snort of the " iron horBe " that is to hurry us westward is heard near at hand, so " All aboard 1" The country west of Carrathool is nude of timber on either side of the railway for 30 miles. The fertility of the soil was manifest, however, by the abundance of white grass and herbage that cover it. I don't think a yard of land was crossed all the way that is not capable of growing to perfection anything sown or planted, provided a sufficient supply of moisture was obtainable all the year round. It was dusk when our train got into Bay, and it being race week and show week all the " world and his wife " seemed to have got into town before us,. Our first duty was to set about to secure a domicile for the night; that was a hard task. The main street leads from the railway station to the bridge across the river, a mile long. That street was crossed and re-crossed ever so often, for no hotel or boarding- honse was passed without inquiry for accommodation, but only to receive the same stereotyped reply—" Full-up," "Chock-a-block," " Scarcely room for the mice and rats, let alone the cats." Tattersall's is the most commodious hotel in town, but there, not only were all the beds occupied, but " shakes-down " on each floor were laid in rows; not only all the bedclothes in that big house were in use, but every blanket that could be bought or borrowed in the town was secured. After a prolonged and fruitless search we at length were fortunate to secure a lounge in the Bridge Hotel. The town of Hay is well and neatly laid out; the etreets intersect each other at right angles, and those running south and east lead into the Murrumbidgee. Lachlan-street, running north and south, is tbe principal one ; in it are the chief emporiums of trade and marts of business. Some of the buildings are elegant and ornamental; others in the same street look mean and despicable. Nothing could more show the advance Hay has made than the original diminutive buildings of the post-office, the Anglican Church, and the public school, compared with the present erections of these respective places, the latter edifices being large enough to contain several of the former inside of them. The people boast of having better waterworks, and had them earlier, than any inland town of the colony. The water is laid on in most dwellings, to the great com fort and accommodation of the inmates. In summer the heat is often oppressive, while the dense clouds of dust and penetrating sand that roll along the streets are often quite blinding and stifling. I didn't learn that they have swimmiog- baths in Hay yet, but they scarcely need them, for the river surrounds the town on three sides, into which both sexes plunge at pleasure. The Hayites are proud of their sub stantial and elegant bridge, from the parapet of which "headers "are taken into the depth be low. I cannot vouch for the statement that the ladies, in bathing costume, practise that ex hilarating exercise as well as the gents; that they are even more agile in the water, and can dive like ducks and swim like a swan. Perhaps it was the sable aboriginal ladies my informant meant who indulged in that luxury. A conduit leads the water from the headworks to the Botanical Gardens, half a mile off, and into an elevated circular reservoir, out of which supplies are obtained for the flowers, shrubs, and trees, and for the native animals in the Zoological Gardens—a small enclosure with a pond in the centre, and containing four or five swans, a pair of native companions, one or two marsupials, one emu, and a few other nondescripts. In this menagerie I saw none of the beautiful feathered tribes of Australia, while the platypus, the bunyip, the alligator, the Murrumbidgee python the native bear, the dingo, the porcupine, and even the rat and rabbit were all conspicuous by their absence. And yet if you apply any term but " zoological" to this sacred enc'osure, you highly offend the Hayites. But I may be wrong; the bunyip and others of the fore-mentioned animals may have been taking a siesta under the water when I was there. The Council in its wisdom and economy trusts to visitors to provide for these animals. Everybody who goes to the gardens is supposed to carry a loaf or two under his arm, and dole it out to the swans and emu. Didn't have a loaf, but carefully wrapped up and stowed away in a corner of my pocket was a particular peppermint lozenge, on which was engraved a particular motto, and which I was keeping for a particular person. This I parted with reluctantly. In .a moment the greedy bird had it put out of Bight, before he had time to look at the beautiful words on tbe face of it. There are three bi-weekly newspapers in Ha~, each fairly edited, and each issue containing tbe latest news near and far. When a stranger comes to Hay, the editors, provided he can spout a bit, take him under wing and write him up or down, according to the state of the editor's liver or the quantum of " Blend " imbibed. Recently Mr. Gale, M.L.A., delivered a lecture on protection in Hay, when one of the trio honored him with three respective editorials of such a character as to drive the honorable member to his knees with the prayer, earnestly and Bincerely uttered, "O save me from my friends!" Haven't learned that Mr. Gale gave up the ghost after, so it is presumed he has survived the loa l of honors heaped upon him. These gentlemen, out of their arm-chairs,. are the "waleo' fine fellows, the pick o' guid men." In the street they look grave and wise and important, and hats are doffed as they pasB, out of respect for the three Solons of the town. When they meet together in a quiet parlor to have a flipper and to drink success to each other's journal, they join hands and sing gleefully— •• Here are we met, three merry merry boys, Three merry boys I trow are we. And mony a day we've merry been, A mony mae we hope to be. For we are na,' 5 &c.; The song over, it is alleged they hug and squeeze each other in a fashion most beautiful to see, out of pure brotherly kindness and tender affection for one another. Then they hie back to their sanctums to write red-hot wroth and to command thunderbolts and brimstone upon the t'other "rags." It is a way they have. It doesn't cool their love a bit; it is all forgotten next time they meet to sing the " The merry boy." Now, that aside, it is my opinion that each of tbe three journals is well conducted, and that they compare favorably with any nonmetropolitan newspaper. They have a good hospital in Hay, and two eminent medicos. One of these gentlemen, when he has succeeded in bringing a patient back from the very gates of death, consoles that patient by saying, "Good! You have cheated the devil this time, my boy ;" or to another who has recovered, " Ah I the devil isn't read; for you yet, old fellow." They have a " Musical, Literary, and Debating Society," in which " women of mind" take a part. Lately one lady, Mrs. Kennedy, a doctor's wife, read an admirable paper to the society on the rights, duties, and privileges of women. Another, Mrs. Linton, the Bishop of Riverina'e wife, favored the audience with a poetical effusion descriptive of the great storm of dust and darkness that visited the land two or three years since, and which made some think the world was at an end. Then a Miss M'Arthur, a clergyman's daughter, frequently:presides at the piano at these meetings. Few towns with an equal population can boast of so many literary and accomplished women. Hay is also famed for its early mar-, riages and for its fruitfulness in children. A clergyman, a resilent of 20 years in Hay, has joined in wedlock very many of both sexes whom be had baptized in infancy. The girls are snapped up and taken to the altar in their teens. There are only five unmarried ladies over 21 years of age in the town—i.e., according to their own arithmetic. When the bands of children are let looBe from school the pavements are so thronged with them that a person in a hurry must take the middle of the street for it.' They have three banks, three Protestant churches, and a Catholic, an Athenaeum, a Blue Ribbon Army, a Salvation Army, and a Chinese Camp. On the bank of the river to the west of the town is a large brewery. Didn't venture in here, not knowing when I might get out again ; knew my own little weakness for " colonial" too well. A circuB was performing and a church bazaar was being run. The former is but the "auld thing ower again," so I chose to visit the latter, more for the sake of seeing the pretty faces and figures than anything else. No sooner had I crossed the threshold than I was besieged by an army of Cleopatra?. I never was proof against lovely woman's mesmeric smiles, her persuasive tongue and coaxing ways, so I went in for everything on the tapis—cushions, cosys, bridles, bibB, bags, bustles, fancy pipes, orna- ments, trinkets, filligree, and a whole tribe of other whigmaleeries—and came out a poorer if not a wiser man. One may enter a den of thieves with a pocketful of money and come out unscathed, but it is next to an impossibility to go into a church bazaar and escape with a single stiver. Nine hundred and ninety persons is a thousand would say that a baby in the cradle would be likely to live longer than a man of 65, but statistics prove indisputably that 600 out of every 1,000 infants die before the age of five years is recorded, while out cf 1,000 healthy men aged 65 more than 500 ot them will be alive in five, aye, in 10 years, or even a longer time. So it will be seen a man of 65 may be considered younger than an infant, so far as his chances ot future life are concerned. The art of printing, it is said, reached the distant island of Iceland as early as 1584. One Gudbrand Thorlakson, Bishop of Holum, not only translated the Scriptures into the Norse language, but he caused the printing to be done at his own private press, cutting the blocks for decorations and capitals himself. The technical excellence of this first edition of the Icelandic Bible (a stout folio of three volumes) is said to rival the contemporary productions of Germany. The printer's imprint reads, " Prentad e Holum ape Joqe Jons eyne. 1584." 