THE CHINESE. (CO THE EDITOR OF " MELBOURNE PUNCH.") DEAR SIR,—Seeing in your last issue an account of a " Run of Luck," in which some modest young man has worked the oracle with the Chinese lottery, and thereby carrying off at one hit over fifty pounds in prizes, I write you a few lines to show you that the case is the exception, not the rule. About ten years ago I was the possessor of a solitary sixpence, and since then I have been a constant player in the Chinese lotteries, and at the lime of writing, even under pain of becoming a member of Parliament, I could not for the life of loe rake up that handy coin. Well, about ten years ago I invested my sixpence in one of the many agencies then in existence for the sale of tickets. I may here remark that this was my initial performance,andjbeing desirous of making my mark in the world I thought, rather than not do it at all, I might just as well do it on a lottery ticket. I did it. I made my mark. In fact, I may say I made ten marks. Well, Sir, judge of my utter ^astonishment on discovering that I had actually landed a twenty-one pound prize. I was fairly paralysed, and I may mention for the sake of fascinated lottery-ticket players that I have never won a aenny since. On the night of winning I hastened home at express speed, a rate far greater than the Heidelberg train of now-a-days. My aged, but respected parent was in bed. Noiselessly I stole in, so noiselessly that the old man's slumbers were disturbed. Had I tumbled in head over heels, he would have merely mattered, "Ah, there's that boy as usual." But getting in so cat-like and quiet be gurgled, " That —— boy is slipping in in such a manner that I'll wager my socks he s bin up to mischief." " Dad," I yelled, bursting with excitement, "dad, I've won twenty-one pounds in the Chinese lotteries." " The deuce you did," chirruped dad, as he sat bolt upright in bed, and shovelled the sleep out of Tji^s <eyes w|^h both fists, " show us 'em." Now I've known my Either a long time, and I did not " show him 'em," saying I would not receive my winnings till next day. " I thought," continued dad, as he threw out his right hand and clutched his unmentionables, "I thought I several times cautioned you not to indulge in gambling of any descrip- tion," and his eye wandered towards a lump of batten that stood in the corner. "However," he went on, " I'll forgive you this time, but tell me whereabouts is the lottery shop at which you copped this untold wealth ?" " It's in Brunswicktreet, dad, " meekly replied I, as dad gracefully lid into his pants. " How much did it cost yer ?' dded he, as he got into his vest, coat and trousers. "A tanner," retorted I, and as the old man swung the oor open I asked, " Where on earth are you oing at this hour erf the night ?" for it was then ten minutes past twelve. "To the Chinamen," tragically replied he, in a tone that would have made Charles jWarner sink into his goloshes with envy, " to the Chinamen ! to invest six bob and get a dozen of 'em " (not a dozen Chinamen, a dozen twenty-one pounds). "I go," he hissed, as his beautiful form vanished in the doorway, after the fashion of the ghost of Hamlet's parent, and he goed. Now, Sir, this all happened ten years ago, and not a solitary coin has the old man ivon. He has played day after day and at the time of writing is still engaged in suoh playfulness. Every penny he earns he speculates, and night after night returns home with a heavy heart and light pocket, not having a copper to jingle on the proverbial tombstone. This run q£ ill-luck in its way I fancy beats the " run of luck mentioned in your last issue. This iB no fancy portrait, Sir, believe me, nor does it end here, for everything that's about the house that is pawnable is now in the safe keeping of "My Uncle." My candid opinion is that it takes hold of some people with a firmer grip than the drink. In my ease the father does not drink, thoughfon the score of choosing the least of two evils I think it is merely a toss up to find which is the least The old man says he has an idea that hell catch 'em to-night, as he has just heard that Harry Cogill, the well-known minstrel performer, has hit them for twenty-one pounds. The old man often has ideas that don't come off, though. That he will nick 'em is the wish of— Yours truly, A MELBOURNE burglar has been arrested by a dog in Richmond. Let us hope and trust our police officers will follow the example set them. Surely this iB an item in favour of abolishing the dog-cart. JONES. 