TWO PEA VERS offered at the Centennial Religious Celebration, held in Sydney on January 29, 1888. I.-PRAYEB OF THANKSGIVING. 0, Almighty Godj King of Kings and Lord of Lords, who blestest the nations with increase, and appointeet for them tho bounds of their habita- tion, we, Thy hunable servants, desire to offer unto Thee our heartfelt thanks, that, ia the past hundred years, Thou hast granted to this colony by continual growth to enter more and more on the great heritage into which Thou hast called us. We confess that through our manifold sins we have been unworthy of even the least of Thy blessings ; but we thank Thee that Thy grace and mercy have still been with us, and that Thou hast given us abundantly more than either wo desire or deserve. Thou hast kept, us from all dangers, and granted unto us riches and peace ; Thou hast taught and guided us in Thy wisdom and righteousness j Thou hast given us light and freedom, and called ns to grow to our appointed place among the nations of the wond. For this Thy great and exceeding goodness, O Lord, we magnify Thy glorious name, evermore praising Theo aad-saying, " Holy, Holy, Holy, Lord God of Hosts, heaven and earth are full of Thy glory ¡" and we pray that we may have grace to show forth thy praiso in our own lives and the life of this our country, and to let our light so shine before men that they may glorify the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who liveth and reigneth with Thee and the Holy Ghost, ever one God, world ' without end. Amen. " Our Father which art in Heaven, hallowed be i Thy name, Thy kingdom come, Thy will be done i on earth as it is in Heaven. Give us this day i our daily broad, and forgive us. our trespasses, i as we forgive them that tresspass against us, and < lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from i evil, for Thine is the kingdom, and the power, and J the glory, for ever. Amen. i II.-rEAYEtt OP INTEUCESSION. O God, our Heavenly Father, we adore Theo as our God and King, God over all, blessed for ever. Thy Kingdom is an everlasting Kingdom, and Thy dominion is from generation to generation. Thou art Governor among the nations, and it ia Thine to lift up and to cast down. Blessed is tho nation whose God is the Lord. Thou hast in Thy Word directed that snpplications and prayers be made for all men-for Lings and all that are in authority. We pray for those, in all lands, who have been set to ride, and especially for our own gracious Sovereign, whom Thou hast pre- served so many years to reign over us for our great good, finido her by Thy counsel, guard her by Thy holy arm, sanctify hor by Thy grace, and comfort her with the fellowship of Thy love. May she be spared, yet years not a fow, to reign over us, and, finally, may she receive the crown of righteousness, which the Lord giveth to all thom that love Him ! With her wo pray Thee to bless the Prince and Princess of Wales and all the members of the Eoyal family. Let Thy merciful favor bo shed abund- antly over the Umpire of which wo form a part, and do Thou, who hast tho hoarts of all men in Thiue hand, so overrule all things that peace may bo maintained among the nations of the earth. May it ploaso Thee to bless this Colony and all our sister Colonies in this Southern World. ßloBS our Governor and his advisers, our Houses of Parliament, our Courts of Justice, that this our land may bo ruled according to Thy wiso and righteous wUl. Bless our University, our sohoola and colleges, and all seminaries of sound learning throughout the land. Bless all our national in- stitutions, and prosper every lawful industry. Hear the cry of the needy, and let the siok and the Borrowful share Thy tender pity. Bless abundantly all within our bordera-rich and poor, old and young. Let the people praise Thee, O Lord, yea, let all the people praise Thee. Lot Thy rich blessing descend on the Church Universal, und grant that Thy Holy Spirit may be poured out upon her abundantly ns a spirit of uaity, love, and power. Bless and prosper, we beseech Thee, our missions at home and abroad, and all the work of the Church for her Lord, and may the time soon come when Thy way shall be known on earth and Thy saving health among all nations ! Guide us, O Thou Great Jehovah, in all the stages of our future history as a nation, so that, as century after century rolls over us, we may with increasing gratitude and fervor exclaim with Thy people of old, " The Lord hath done great things for us, the Lord hath done great things for u-i, whereof we are glad. Blessed be the Lord our God, who only doeth wondrous things, and blessed be His holy name for ever, and let the whole earth be filled with His glory. Amen and Amen." 