The Newmarket Handicap and Australian Cup. In a fortnight's time the first great souimern autumn meeting will claim the attention of racing folks all over Australia, and nowhere more so than in Queensland, for I dare venture that the coming double—Newmarket Handicap and Australian Cup :—cuts the average Brisbane bookmaker more than a whole day's racing at Eagle Farm, supposing that he loses on each event. Consequently it is just as • well to give in these columns a curtory review of the chances of the most promising candidates for the big sprint race and the 2|- miles Cup. There is no . room in these columns for a long dissertation on the merits, if any, of each horse entered, and I take it the better plan is to first of all quote on paper the | names of those nags that, on paper, cannot win. So here goes for the Newmarket Handicap. Beginning at the wrong end of the list, the bottom weight division, I fancy that The Dreamer, >Karma, Shark, Torpedo, Khedive, Madge, Rosethorn, .Clemency, S. Melbourne, Bridegroom, Falcon* Boa dicean, Gloire de Dijon (our own Glory), Marl borough, Gasconade, Casuist, Anita, Wept worth, Edith, Mistletoe, , Dividend, Victim, Pakeha, Whakawai, Thunderbolt, St. Odille, Chesham, Ben Bolt, Niagara, Spade Guinea, Mozart, Acme, My Lord and Malua are all out of it. Malua was, as we all know, a "ring-tailed roarer" over this or any other distance, and though not forgetting the follow ing deeds of this best son of St. Albans, to wit, winning^ the Newmarket Handicap, with 8st 71b,in 1.15£ from 30 opponents ; the Oakleigh JEIandicap, furlongs, with 9st 71b, in 1.11 j the Melbourne. Stakes, 1£ mile, with 9st 31b,in 2.10i j the Melbourne Cup, 2 miles, with 9st 91b, in 3.31f; and the Austra lian Cup, 2\ miles, with 9st 91b, in 4.0£, I fancy Malua must have gone off that wonderful form of old by this time. My principal reason for disliking My Lord's chance is that Yellow Jacket and Moore house are more likely to be better at the weights, more especially the latter, when one remembers that with 8st 61b up he ran a fair third to Paladin, 7st 101b, and Nonsense, 6st 101b, in the Centennial Stakes at Randwick a fortnight bacfc, tne time ior the 6 furlongs being 1.14f. As he was not more than three clear lengths from the winner, his time could not have been more than 1.15£ at the outside. Here he has 7st 101b to carry, or 101b less, and he should, if the selected one of Long's stable, go as near winning as anything in the race. Acme and Mozart will find 9st 61b and 9st 51b too much to hump in such speedy company. Spade G-uinea is not speedy enough for this race, and I fancy Bravo will be suited better over a longer distance. Niagara will hardly start, I should say, with the Leger in view, but Cranbrook is a customer entitled to a deal of respect, though his great size will be of no service to him ia this race. Once a big horse gets blocked in the Newmarket it's all over with him. Ben Bolt has yet to show his slipperiness in a field of sprinters. Chesham has nothing to recommend him, barring his second in the Derby, and that has been consider ably discounted. St. Odille a month back was said to be badly injured. Thunderbolt, ever since his New Zealand career, has been a snare and a delusion to backers, and the remainder of those I have labelled " no good here" do not require special comment. Of the good 5uns, I have already dealt with Cranbrook and Moorehouse, and next we come to Hortense, once a terror to owners of two-year-olds. She has, however, been " off it" so long that unless a move is really made in her favor she must be looked upon as doubtful. Newmaster has not been altogether chucked in here, but he has shown a good turn of speed once or twice, notably his third in the Coburg Stakes, when the 1 mile and 1 furlong was run in 1.56, eo may be labelled dangerous. Master John has been well backed by his owner, Joe Thompson, and this marks that he has more than a show, still I don't like him for first, though he may run amongst the first half-dozen. Besides, at lllb the worst of the weights, Newmaster followed him home in the Railway Handicap, 6 furlongs, and now there is only 21b between them. Centaur is speedy enough for most company, and the great race he ran with Cardigan, when the Anniversary was cut out in 2.24, shows that the son of Drummer and Clio is in form. Don GHovan, after his recent New Year's race, is entitled to respect, more especially as he has un doubtedly been heavily backed by the clever Sjjheet Anchor division, and lie will run very forward and most probably get a place. Blarney can pace with most of them when wound up, and it should not be forgotten that he led his field at the seven and a half furlongs in the Anniversary after making most of the running, so he will run very forward. Blair gowrie appears to be recovering his old turn of speed, and if really fit he should have most in trouble. I fancy this son of Yespasian has more than a sneaking fancy for a very short journey* and even six furlongs may be too much form when the pace is a real cracker. Solo, in the hands of the astute Ike, is coming on well, and I should not be at all sur prised to see him win the event if he sees the post. Corday is always running forward ever since her dead-heat with Cardigan when both were tvroryear olds and " Brickey " rode the mare. She has failed so often that it's hard to stand her again, still she can gallop when fit. Epicurean showed his ability to gallop in the Flying Handicap last November and in the Trial, 7 furlongs, at Caulfield, and, should he carry his owner's colors to glory, the win will be popular. Boz, on his Geelong running, has just a show, and that's all so far. Sumatra could gallop once, and I have not forgotten her second in the Oaks, and I have also heard a fair account of her lately. The Queen is a jade, hut 6 furlongs may snit her majesty; still she is too risky to touch. Bur rilda' might affect a surprise, and I have not for gotten his Rowley mile win., Chicago can travel like greased lightning, and Escutcheon, Rhetorician, The Charmer, and Mentor can all gallop when in the bumor, Mentor being credited with 1} mile in 2min 9£secs. Lord Allan is reputed to be a " hummer/' and also a cocktail at a finish, still cocktails who are also hummers sometimes go to the front and never get caught, in which case this particular would win easy. Our own particular Touchstone can spiel a bit, and I don't .think we ever saw him at his best; still his mile and a half in 2min 40secB was not a bad go. If really well, I ratheir , fancy Touchstone, for I believe him to be a real gopd horse and that we have not seen the best of him by a long way. Dick Swiveller has won a lot of races, and weeks ago it was whispered about that he was to be a rod in pickle for some of them. Newmarket, on his running at Moonee Valley last November, where he won the 4£ furlongs in 57secs, might yet cause us to sing, " Oh, what a surprise!" Gasconade was to be a clinker and still has to be onfe, Kitty Fisher has been a fair performer, and she will run forward. She once beat William Tell. Pomona/at one time, was reputed as faster than Malua (then Bagot) or Blink Bonnie ; every year she enters for this race, and each time she haB been scratched right away; now she has, so far, accepted. If she starts she will be dangerous, as she is in dangerous hands. Louise Berta is always running into places in sprint races, and has just a ghost of a show here. As for the others, Tabard once promised to be a racehorse, and the rest are not up to selling form. By-tbe-way, the Forsaken has a bit of pace at times. To sum up, however, I like at present, Moorehouse, Centaur, Solo, Blarney, and Don Giovan, and next week I hope to be able to pick the race in three goes. The Australian Cup will also be fully gone into next week, but here in a cursory glance. I like the prospects of Trenton (if he stands), Spade Guinea, Blue Mountain, Enfilade, The Yeoman, Abuse, Cyclops, and Abercorn (with a start), and Barcoo, and of these I prefer Blue Mountain and Spade Guinea. As for the Champion, Majara should be a dead bird for it. I beg to acknowlege with thanks the receipt of a printed copy of the Gympie Turf Club balance-sheet. From it I take the following t—The club commenced the financial year with a clear credit balance at the bank of .£16419s 3d, and after giving away £1829 10s in prizes, and paying .£731 16s 6d in improvements, wages, &c.;, together with £402 5s lOd for general expenses, printing, secretary's salary, &c.;, leaves them with a Dr. balance at the bank of £62 Is Id. The institution of a Sires' and Mares' Produce Stakes is recommended (most wisely) by the com mittee. Also, they desire to have the ground thoroughly surveyed, with a view to making the course a full mile round. Also it is intended to raise the value of the prizes as much as possible. So it will be seen that Gympie intends to go ahead in racing as much as possible. . Asit is, .that horse owners* desideratum; lownesa of fees, is always noticeable at Gympie. A testimonial of <£15 has been presented to that real good sportsman, Mr. Thomas, for hiB energetic and valuable services during the past year. The Melbourne Age states that Mr. George Adam's horee Eoyal was t'o and to have two deep wounds tinder both Hind legs at the stiflejoint, apparently caused by some sharp instrument. The bandages and stable cloth, which were on the horse, were found about 100 yards from the stable. Eoyal was entered for the Queenscliff Cup, and was favorite, but had to be scratched for the race. .Latest Melbourne betting on the Newmarket Handicap, Master John was backed to win 5000 at 10 to 1; Chicago had a great business at 1000 to 60 and 1000 to 70, then 1000 to 80 was offered. The Queen was backed to win 5000 at 1000 to 40, then 1000 to 70 was offered. St. Odille was backed at 100 to 5 to ■win 1000. The supporters of Mozart wanted 1000 to 60 up to 5000, but 1000 to 70 was the best offer. Moorehouse had friends at 1000 to 50; Blairgowrie was backed at 500 to 25 j My Lord, 500 to 10 and 500 to 15; and Lava, 5U0 to 15 j Don Giovan receded to 1000 to 50 offered, but finding no takers at that. During the last meeting of the Island Bay (N".Z.) Racing Club a bookmaker named Nathan was ex pelled from the paddock for laying totalisator prices, but was re-adniitted. Subsequently he invested <£30 on Marlborough for the Anniversary Handicap, and his fancy being beaten, Nathan served the club -with a notice to return his .£30. This was refused, and Nathan threatened law proceedings. Should he carry his threat into execution the club must refund the money, two claims having previously been recovered on similar points. This is one way of defeating the totalisator. These very good programmes have been published for the Gympie Easter and Winter Meetings:— Easter Meeting, April 12th and 13th—Trial Plate, 30 sovs; Easter Handicap, 100 sovs, 1 mile 3 fur longs ; Nash Handicap, 30 sovs, 6£ furlongs ; First Hack Handicap, 15 govs ; Flying Handicap, 40 sovs, 7 furlongs. Second Day.—Stewards Handicap, 40 sovs, 7 furlongs; April Handicap, 80 sovs, 1 mile 1 furlong; Selling Race, 30 sovs; Second Hacks, 15 sovs; Final Handicap, 30 sovs. Nominations for Easter and April Handicaps, and Nash, J Flying, Stewards, and both Hack Handicaps, on March 14th. Total added money, <£410. "Winter Meeting, First Day, June 28th:—Opening Handicap, 50 sovs, 9 furlongs; Gympie Cup 200 sovs, If mile; Shorts Handicap, 50 sovs, 5 furlongs; All Aged Race, 50 sovs, w.f.a., 7 furlongs; First Hack Handicap, 25 sovs, 1 mile; Winter Handicap, 50 sovs, 1 mile. Second Day:—Miners' Purse Handicap, 50 sovs, H mile; Town Plate, 150 sovs, 1 mile 3 furlongs; Selling Race, 50 sovs, 9 furlongs; Welter Handicap, 60 sovs, 9 furlongs; Second Hack Handicap, 20 sovs, 7 furlongs; Farewell Handicap, 40 sovs, 7 furlongs. Nominations for Opening, Cup, Shorts, Winter, District, Town Plate, and Welter Handicaps, Wednesday, May, 16th. Total added money, £795. For further information see adver tisement in this issue of Figabo. A private match for £50 took place at Condamine, on the 6th instant, between Mr. Miller's Reform and Mr. Raynor's Mayboy. Both horses were in good condition and Mayboy won easily. I hear that Rainbow is to go into work again. J. Birchell and the notorious Little Queen have been disqualified by the N.Q.R. Association for life. The disqualification of G. Hoskins for two years has been endorsed by the Jf.Q.R. Association. Re Corisande's win at Johnstone River meeting some time back, the race was declared void, as the inare was not a maiden, and the second horse did not weigh in. There will be races at Gafcton on the 17th March. Nominations are due on the 27th inst.; general entry, March 12. Seven races in all. j Races at Meringandan on St. Patrick's Day. Seven events in all. The racehorse Bally, that died suddenly at Aramac, is now reported to have been poisoned. Barcaldine Racing Club have declined to adopt j the proposals made by the Gh W. D. Jockey Club re breaking with the Q.T.C. 