ITUROKA: OR, SAXON AND SAYACE. Bv FOSTER OSBORNE. 4.UTII0B OF COWADEE. PART 1IL SEJII-PnCEMUL. .Yuroka, of all Ms people, was the only one who adhered to the laws and principles of former times. Quantong and the others, unable to preserve their manhood, walked the haunts Of civilised men bearing on their faces the stamp of loathsomeness and vice. Emblems of degradation they were ; — beings hurled from the human platform to the grovelling depravity of brutishness ; — untaught, uucared for, out casts from all that was beautiful and godly — slaves to a vile craving after the curse which sapped their intellects and dragged them early to the grave — the thirst for alchol. Stupefied and helpless before the tide of civilisation, which like a mighty, rushing wave swept down upon them ; intellectually paralysed and unable to grasp the import of that mighty charge, these wonder- stricken children of the wilder ness Sew to the only consolation which the hand of culture held cat, and steeped their souls in vice, as they drowned their sorrow with intoxication, in that time of terror and heedless confusion, when he beheld the sadden and wholesale desecration of the oid-time dis pensation, if Yuroka had bat tasted of the sweet oblivion, his degradation most have been as complete as that of his fellows ; bnt having preserved the rigor ofhis faculties by abstinence, he felt the foil bitterness of the blow which had fallea upon his race, and deep was his affliction. Unable to contend against the irresistible foe, he contemplated with bitter regrets and silent despair the progressive pros titution of.the Womra dominion, and followed, the while under guidance of his instincts, the dictates of bis heathenish creeds. Through bunetings and trials, fighting alone his stead fast battle, he still maintained the manhood of that morally extinct people, of which he was now the only true snrTivor. Here was a sub lime deration ! Here was a beantifnl attach ment to and reverence for ancestral lore ! — a patriotism sach as never can be taught, but must be bom in a man and must grow with his growth. Subdued, but not crushed by the irreparable destruction of his tribe, this proud chief held on his course ; bnt can we wonder, if at last the burden grew too irksome — if at last, his spirit fired by fresh indignities, burst the bonds of self- restraint, and launched the savage on a coarse of fierce and desperate ven geance. Evil spirits have been known to rend and tear a man to pieces, because they eonld not come out of him, so may a manly pride, which will not be crashed — will not sink itself in besotted vice — be goaded and blown into a fierce consuming fire, which nothing but an honest vengeance can extinguish. If ever sach a vengeance should be demanded of Yuroka, the place whereon he meets his victim will be marked and shunned forever, for narrow and straight is the path of that man, whose tribal laws are nullified by a usurper, and to whom the privileges of the conqueror's jurisdiction are not extended ; he has neither shield nor remedy, bnt the strength to smite of his own right hand. All honor to the pioneers, who won oar fair Australia from mediteval darkness, and may we her bora sons, never waver in our loyalty to that flower of kingdoms — our mother England ; nevertheless, it would be cowardly to sbirk the admission, that Britain's glory has been degraded — that on her bright escutcheon, as a colonising power, there looms an ugly shadow from the land beneath the Southern Cross. It would be greater cowardice, having claimed the glory of Australia's reclamation, to repu diate the black reflection of her pioneer atroci ties ; but whilst regretting shortcomings of the past, we haTe this consolation, that under any other nation, the heathen's wrongs would have been increased fourfold. Moreover wa know, that there is nothing perfect beneath the sun; even the lustrous glory of the golden orb itself is not immaculate ; there are spots upon the fair disc of it. So mortal man utilis ing the ingenuity which God has given him, dare3 to lay bare by artificial contrivances the flawspots on His most beautiful creation ; shall we then shrink from disclosing to our naked and unaided faculties the flawspots npon our own national character? It is alike an axiom of civil jurisdiction and an ordination of common sense, that the aggressor shall bear the blame, and with regard to our dealings with the aborigines of Australia, we, by the false step of taking sudden and forcible possession, withont attempting terms or treaties, constituted ourselves the aggressors, and fastened dishonor on a work, which shonld have been a stainless monument of glory. It is the divine right of civilised nations, to inhabit the waste places of the earth, to beautify them, and to enlighten the heathen inheritors thereof ; but the prerogative does not extend to the sweeping of a race like chaff before the wind, from the land whereon God has placed it. From the first — from the time when discover ing a rich and generous land, they became smitten with an extravagant, blinding tbirst for its wealth — the white man's policy has been unworthy of the name of culture ; whilst the heathen making a feeble struggle against the thoughtless, sordid onslaught, sank into a path of down-trodden indignity. The progressive diminution of the ranks of the Australian tribes has been uniquely rapid. In the strug gle for existence, which they arc called npon to sustain, they were saddled with a natural disadvantage involved in the weakness of their reproductive powers ; and to this disadvantage, which, intensified by loathsome European diseases, would eventually hare worked their annihilation, the whites have added alcoholic suicide, and — murder. It is a hold word " murder" to use here ; but the great fever of colonisation excitement has cooled ; — the eager thirst for gold, which paralysed our judgments, and under the influence of which, our sense of the fitness of things was smirte.i bv a tem porary blindness, has subsided ; and we have got to sit down, and call things by their proper names. There were many men amongst tho pioneers who won this land from darkuess, in the emulation of whose beautiful and noble lives we natives may find honor and fame — founders of heroism these, whom England her self is proud to call her sons ; but, there were also a minority of rapacious skinflints— they of the itchiug palms — who would bargain for a patch in Paradise, if there were any possibility of their ever getting possession, and these Lave bequeathed to the generatiou of to-day the task of thinking out, and with calm and rigid justice asking ourselves and answering a few puogent questions, To ask ; does the slaying of a heathen with out sufficient grounds constitute murder ? To answer : ho is human ; yes. To ask : is it sufficient cause to slay a man for theft, or damage to property ? To answer : no ; onr laws provide other punishments for these offences, and to slay is murder. To ask : how many of tho aborigines of these colonies having robbed, or speared the flocks of tho settlers, have been hunted like beasts, and slain whole sale, tho bodies of them pierced to perforation by tho leaden bullets of the usurper ? And to answer : hundred upon hundreds. If these ho reasonable questions and judicious answers, the logical sequence is a humiliation, which we must bear as a burden of tho past, whilst wc resolvo for the futnre. There is seldom utility in raking up the ashes of past misdeeds, aud it may be argued that these unhappy retrospec tions are futile. Look here : this very day, on which I am penning ihoso words, tho daily papers contain numerous and detailed accounts o: the murder by Queensland blacks, of a young and ranch respected man. He was in charge of certain stock in the wild regions on the frontiers of settlement. In the night, the natives attacked and speared a number of the cattle under his charge, and on the following day he set ont, armed with a revolver, to take summary vengeance, was assailed, outnum bered and speared to death. Now this was a man admired for his fine characteristic qualities by all who knew him, and, be was, doubtless, worthy of all the respect yielded to him ; bnt, through want of careful reflection, he tell into the error of mistaking for jnst retaliation, an act, which the laws of m«n sanctioned, but which was offensive in the right of God. Such cases as these are brought under our notice as "mur derous raids of the blacks," but I cannot dis tinguish between the ordinary coarse of British law, and the fate of the yotrng man to whom I refer. Tom Jones shoots John Brown's horse, John Brown shoots Tom Jones ; and the episode is finally settled by Upjohn, who per forms his kindly office of hangman, in favor of John Brown: this is British law. On the other hand, the yoang man to whom I refer grazed cattle npon the hunting grounds of the blacks, the blacks shot those csttle ; where upon' the young man in question shot some of the blacks, and the friends of these not having the professional Eerrices of an Upjohn at their disposal, fell upon the young man end speared him to death. Sow if there is any real difference 1 in the processes of law in these two cases, I hold that justice was more fully met in the last than in the first, seeing that in the one case, its final penalty fell npon the young man, who teas the aggressor, whereas in 'the other case it fell upon John Brown, who was not the aggressor. Every sentiment of honor revolts against that despotism which, having torn from a helpless race those rights allodial and autonomous, which are the hereditary growth of ages, denies that conquered people the privileges of the government, which has been forced npon its territorial possessions ; and if we acquit Upjohn, who bnng John Brown, how then shall we cry " murderons devils" of the blacks who terminated the existence of the yonng man to whom I refer ? Here then, is the virtue of retrospection : that Australians may learn to regard the slaughter of heathens for depredations on onr properties, not as a fulfilment of lawful ven geance. but as a crime. Away in the North and on the surrounding islands, there are large areas yet to be settled, many tribes of savages to be contended against, and it should be onr aim, to render that settlement and contention free from the rude reproaches of the past. I am not writing this prologue as a romanc ing author, nor as a journal reading citizen, for though I have not advanced with the extreme skirmishers, I have been well forward in the army of civilisation on its march against the old-time dispensations of the wild interior. I have watched the camp fire smoulder, in lone- Eome places by wild- eyed streams. I have shared my tent and johnny-cake, with the grizzly soldiers fresh from the black-bird slaughter, and have heard the boastful story of their misdeeds, told with candid details, under cover of tne veiling darkness. I have heard, too, the " yabba yabba" of the sable victim, telling how "dis one close np go bang longa whitefells spear;" and on these grounds — solely for the establishment of which I have made this egotistical divergence — I- rest my pretentions to the right of adding a mite to the growing testimony on the subject of this prologue. However, withont encroaching on his time or patience, by pro ducing examples here, I will simply refer the reader to the Argue, 9th of April, 1883, for an instance of the despotic oppression, which continues to this day to be perpetrated against our aboriginal inhabitants. It was this oppression, which at first smote Yuroka with an overwhelming force, throngh the agency of that bloody carnage by the mar gin of Lake Bofil, and which afterwards dogged with lingering mental anguish the empty years of loneliness which .followed. Looking back to the era of his chieftainship, the time when his people looked np to him as their leader, and when his whole ambition was a noble yearning for snch tribal emoluments as a savage mind conld conceive ; we cannot bnt regret the sudden downfall of theWomra tribe. Patient and unwavering in the prosecution of a savage yet meritorions scheme, he had striven to raise his tribe to the first place amongst Australian tribes ; then, with the Bible hnng npon her bosom, Satanic weapons in her hands, the towering form of Culture swept down npon his little kingdom and destroyed it. At one fell blow his tribe was exterminated, for those whose lives were spared were to YurOka only as beasts of the earth in their drunken depravity ; yet one pearl of affection, one flower of admiration was left to his bruised and lonely heart, and now, behold, the cruel hand of the oppressor is stretched to grasp it. CHAPTER L — Mixtaoo Ylgila? Australia can produce many scenic shows worthy to find grace in artists' eyes, and surely the Phantom Gorge, with its waterfalls, its moss-clad rocks, aad superb array of ferns, is a scene sufficiently picturesque to belie the rumored Tapidity of our eastern landscape. The brilliancy of sunlit transformation lingars here throughout the day ; for, as the golden orb veers westward, the ever changing casts of lights and sh&dowsjpresent; a vision of slowly dissolving views ; and when at night the glim mering mooa-beams drape the trees and water in crepuscular light, there hangs about the gorge, that pole, suggestive weirdness in which its name originated. About fifty yards below the falls, where tho gorge begins to open out into a valley with sloping uplands on either aide, there is a pool of water. The fall-water passos into this pool at one side, and from the other trickles away towards lake BCal, yet owing to the dense mass of ferns and creepers, which obscure the water course, to a casual observer there is neither inpouring nor overflow. So placid and serene the pool, that it is almost impossible to associate with tho silent calmness of its surfaco any idea whatever of motion ; but close scrutiny will reveal a soft, babbling move ment near tho leafy margin which lies towards the falls — a movement as of gentlo boiling, which suggests the idea of springs, and which, in all probabilty, suggested to the aborigines the sweetly poetic name bestowed by them upon the pool Jhngago Ytigilu, — Why weepest thou? On cither side, the opening boskets give place to and border with a fringo of leafy entanglement a smalt plot of greensward, which, lawn-like in its soft mantle of greon_tre- foil, reaches from the rocky margin of tho water to the base of the rising ground ; and the I lefts of limp fur, the damp cast off feathers, and numerous pads converging here, bear testi mony that birds and'beasts axe wont to bathe, and bask in the sweet exclusion of Minyago Y&gila.; Uraila stood by the water's edge, gazing with listless admiration at the reflection of her graceful figure in the crystal mirror at her feet. She looked very beautiful, as she stood there, ber comely feet nestling in the soft, caressing herbage, and her dreamy, patbetic eyes, with their took of loaesomeniss and tragedy, fixed wistfnlly npon the water — very beantifnl, but oh! so sai No blnrring shadow fell across the bright-hned rays of the setting sun, which, like an aurora of transcendent brilliancy, fell about her person ; and, sorely, no tinge of sorrow mingled with the breaths of flower-bora incense which clung around her. Beautiful she was, as a bronze-hued statue shot with the pink and purple warmth of the sinking son ; oat, alas, the glowing tints which hnng around her were purer than tho lustre of her face, where beauty mingled with the reflex of a troubled soul. Uraila was meekly, and patiently bearing a heavy cross — nursing m silence a withering reproach which had crept into her life. There was a strange compound of bewildered hope and wistful despair in the melting depths of her pleading eyes ; and, like the dumb s'ueep under the crael shears, quivering and wondering, but making no complaint, her looks are silently pleading protests to the author of her wrong. She has accepted her lot with patient despon dency, like the smimal which neither reasons nor accuses, but knows its sorrow for its sor row's sske. Almost sunk, the sun of her joy- season ; almost faded, the daylight of pleasure's brightness — the chill and wintry night of shrouding desolation i3 creeping on, step In step, soon to fasten its deadening grip upon her soul; Firs! a shsdow, then a sorrow. And all the air Is filled with anguish. Sweet faced Uraila, soft eyed Uraila, bright and free were those days of the past which taught thee nothing of a troubled sonl — days when scarce a knowledge of the heart's exist ence burst upon you, except in thrills of pleasurable emotion, as yon drank from the wells of gladness, which overflow beneath Aus tralia's generous sun — days of freedom, joy and sunshine — of smiling flowers, and merry spark ling brooks, and sweet voiced birds : they were the days of happiness, aad thoy are gone. Yes, they are gone ; lovo has shattered youth's guileless bubbles, she has drawn aside the veil, and now thou kuowest ot the heart, that it exists. What time the tree ot knowledge spreads before thee ; what time the blessed night is banished, and the ;sun ot wisdom dawns upon thy world, and thy heart, yearning after its perjured idol, becomes an itching curse unto thee — these are the days of bitterness and anguish, and they are here. Ah me 1 Why is the virgin streamlet, pure and sparkling, turned to a filth polluted channel, gliding dark and sullen like a thing of ovil? Why is the note of the bell-bird and the soulful harmony of a hundred feathered songsters turned to clash, and clang, and city discord ? Why should a guileless maiden grow, and bloom, liko a forest flower in comeliness and purity — a treasure-grace of Nature's moulding, to bo spoilt by a ruthless hand? Why does the world go round ? The shadows of the westward mountains began to creep about the walls of Brojerili ; the bright, strong light of full-grown day began to thicken into the heavier hues of sunset glory ; radiant arms, distinct yet in a manner blended like , the colors of a rainbow, reached through the spray, which rose above the Phan tom Gorge : the jewelled splendors which, earlier, had clnstered round the dripping rocks were veiled by leaden shadows ot the side-wall ; and the'sun, as it reached the sky-line, went down with a peaceful smile, Happy sun 1 thou art the same for years, and for ever — always happy ; but there is one being near the weep ing waters who for 30 years has caught but little ot thy joy, and to night thou hast set npon his wrath. As the last lingering tints faded with the glow of Euulight, and the duu shades of twi light settled on the landscape, a rustling of adjacent leaves startled Uraila from her reverie. She glanced quickly round, and springing forward with a half smothered exclamation of delight, was locked in tho arms of Horace Mayne. The gathering shadow hung about the lovers as they clung together, and no ray of light shone down npon the love, the faith, the fond devotion of that lingering embrace — no ray of light revealed the sin, the falsehood, the vile treachery. Bat when the hot blood of the south leaps and surges with the fever of a passion, who shall restrain the maddened impetus of the blind infatuation? Her instincts deadened, and her reason swallowed up by tho fierce torrent ot an all consuming love, Uraila was defenceless and frail before the false god which she had taught herself to worship : smitten like a death-struck bird, she hung upou his neck, a throbbing, trembling weakling. With what a palpitating passiou her hot lips clung to his 1 ilow her love-starved soul drauk in each look and pressure of affection, like a famished diugo at a spring. It was an cstatic transport, a wild rapture, which broke upou her at this moment ; this was the hour of her clysinm, tho paradise of her existence. Poor outcast 1 It was little she knew of tho kingdom of joy, away beyond the golden shore in tho Christians' heaven ; to her there was only one paradise — the self-created Utopia of her burn ing love. Eternal summer, mellow joy, glowing bliss, and eternal summer in this Eden of hers. Oh 1 but when the mellowing season has reached its zenith ; when everything is ripe, and the universe is clad in golden robes ; when the sudorific heat forces from each flower tho treasnrc of its incense, aud the sweltering air, replete with loitering aromas, hangs liko a voluptuous halo about the earth ; then, at the climax of the summer's peaceful fervor, there gathers a cloud in tho sultry heavens, tho thunders and tho rains break forth, and from its icy lair the sonthern death-chill drives npon the summer's tender glories — all is cold and bitterness and death. So was it with tho sura- mer ot Uralla's happiness. When the fires of ccstacy had reached their height, and tho seething caldron of her passion boiled up with volcanic force, then came the keen, bleak wind —the raw, icy blast : " Bftlubuma lo-fmgil 1" All tho warmth and lifo wero frozen in Uralla's being at the sound of that stern dccreo ; and as sho glanced hastily across tho weeping water, and saw him standing over against tho blackening hill-side, silent, dark and terrible in the twilight gloominess saw him, -Yuroka, tho stern, pitiless avenger, with his spear of retribntionhsn the poise, U a knife had been plunged into her heart, not a dron of blood would have issued from the woua? Quick as thought the whole scene flashed be'ori her, as, straight for the heart of her lover, the weapon sped through the air, c-' through an intervening fern leaf, struck an overhanging tree-limb, and, glancing o3 struck deep into the mountain by his sid\ a wild cry of terror rang through the vaU»-> and shook the echoes, awav on the niriit-c'ii mountains. " Help ! Murder ! On Uoa, how ne ga-ej at me !" Then, as Horace Mayne dashed nihil np the mountain-side, Yuroka, with a look of stern, implacable hatred on his face, Jar 'el past Uraila, and wrenching his spear from 'it; earthy sheath sprang up the rockv incliue ia pursuit of his victim. . And so they left her, smitten dumb aad desolate in the valley of beauty, and taj fairness of the earth seemed suddenly to be blotted out for ever under a dark shadow of despair. The smiles of her ferns and wattle- blooms, the feathery mosses end all the sweet wild things which, like herself, had bloomed and blossomed in her forest home, were power- less to comfort the stricken creature ia this hoar of anguish ; YurOka had pronounced the the sentence, and she knew that the doom ot Horace Mayna was sealed. A momentary gleam of moonlight, and then agatn the dark cloudsthrast their impenetrable mass before the qaeen of night, and all was weird and black and still. Who shall depict the quivering suspense o. the half-caste girl as she stood there ia the gloomy night, with straining ears and breath less anxiety, listening for some sign or sound ot the death struggle which she knew the moun tain oaks would look upon that night. Well sho knew, that up yonder, amongst the tangled brushwood of the ranges, where tho black rocks rose in shapes unearthly, her lover, blind and desperate, was flying from the clammy band ot death stretched forth to clutch him ; well she knew that the warrior's feet were sure aad swift, his purpose obdurate, and that the fugi tive must 6urely die ; but she could neither see nor hear anything throngh the inky night, and the horror of suspense, the deadenine 6iupor of uncertainty well nigh quenched the spark of life within her. Slowly, slowlv, the moments passed, and still no sound. Bending forward in her agony of eagerness, the linger ing minutes hnng like leaden hoars upon her brain until it swam, and her body reeled like a drunkard's ; but even as she tottered forwards, as if about to fall, there rung ont through the ugly darkness a plea for mercy from a scraggy peak five hundred feet above. " Stop Yuroka 1 For God's sake — " For a moment, Uralla's blood leapt quickly through her veins, with a throbbing hope that the prayer might stay the avenger's hand ; bnt alas, how soon the cheering thought was banished, " Biilubuma lo-ungil 1" and again the heavy silence. Then Uralla's heart grew very, very cold ; and, as though a bitter wind had struck and chilled her to the soul, she shrunk down and crouched among the ferns beside the silent pool. And so, swaying this way and that, in writhing agony of spirit, with sobs and sighs and gasping anguish, nursing her sorrow in the still nigbt, the moid of the forest knelt weep ing alone. Long did she thus remain ; then, when her spirit had grown weary with grieving, came a time of alternate hopes and fears — a conflict of emotions which well nigh threw her reason from its seat. First there passed before her mind a vision of Horace Mayne escaping nDpursued over the distant low-lands ; then she saw her hapless lover quivering in his death- struggles, the mutilated victim of her guardian's vengeance. Now hoping, now fearing, the hysterical conceptions of her harrassed mind flew from solace to despair, as sho strove to penetrate tho mystery of that dark night's horrors. Under the shadow of tho lowering clouds the landscape blackened with an iutense gloom. Kangaioos, wallabies, and various marsupials came bounding at intervals along the paths, which led to Mmyago l'tigila ; but, pausing near their favorite watering place, tlicy listened with suspicions cars — sat up, aud seemed to feel the airforstifledsouuds, and then went booming back into the forests. The thirsty dingoes, straight from waterless regions, hovered like restless spirits on the adjacent ridges, and, sniffing the air with timid wonder, slunk away to slake theirthirstatother streams. Spirit-like and spectral were these silent hanntcrs of the night, as with wary, subtle tread they crept around the gorge. Ever and anon from distant peaks, or far off hills, the dismal whine of a wild dog seeking lost companions, or the low, distant cry of the maw-pawk bird floated down throngh the gloomy stillness ; and Uralla's uerves, Strang to tension by suspense, thrilled at every sound, and at every cry she trembled liko an" aspen leaf. As the night progressed these howls and cries became less frequent, until at last a stillness liko the bush of death fell upon tho earth ; then, from where tho scowling summit of Brajerak was dimly discern ible even against the pall of that dark night sky, there shot through the air, shaking the hollow echoes of tho gullies and rebounding through tho ranges, a piercing shriek of wild and desperate agony. The scream of a maniac — the cry of a lost soul — tho belching forth of a pent up terror from a human being brought face .to face with death. Only one solitary, weird cry ; but heavens ! what a tale it told ! To Uraila that cry was a death-knell— a javelin of grief, which smoto her to the heart. Her wearied spirit failed within her as slia heard it, and, liko a wounded bird, she fell exhausted and unconscious to the ground. But there is not a soul beyond the unknowa valley of death whose freedom from its earthly bonds was wronght by moro anguish : for, though times are when the senses take sudden flight from crushing sorrow the spins lingers still, a little time, a momentary stupor, and tho soul shakes off its trance, once more to weep and suffer. So was it with Uraila : a great gulping breath, and a deep gasp for l'foi and her paralysed senses returned. " Dead I" sho mourned in a harsh, dry whis per, " Oh yes, I know, dead I" Looking round in lost bowildermcnt, her eyes rested on the silent pool, and in muto ugony sho raised her clasped hands and crouched closer to its dan- gcroasly peaceful water. Thoro was no strife, no sorrow in its placid bosom. ' Minyago Yugila," sho murmured spHlf- " Happy water, always happy ; very much 1 love yout Oh my blossoms on the water ; ®y sweet beauties 1" . Treachoroiu thonght 1 Can it be, that lier loye-parchod sonl craves tho cold caress ot tus !' gleaming water ?— longs to nestle in its crystal -'Heip! Bolpl Yo time- worn mountains, \- myo tho daughter of tho forest ; shield hcr from herself, nor look so calmly and grandly j0Wn where, in tho shadows of night, anguish torments her soul to crime. Help I Yc stately timbers, for tho flower of your patron tribe— the Wonua on which your shadows fell forngos _!avo her now 1 Nearer tho pool she crept, her body poised in haif timid eagerness, as though sho yearned joplungo yet dared not do it. Sho smiled, ; ch sucli a weary plaintive smile, aud without an effort, without a sound, sho just swooned into it ; no splash, no struggle, that was all. Deeper than ever tho gloom of night, the ; j;, jhove in inky pall, and only the ghosts end ghonls of darkness, draped in their tawny raiments look down upon tho cold and desola tion. Only another joyless pilgrim on the grlni procession ; only another sacrifice. Vurngfs Monindiel Yi'i Uralla! Ye are \- drops iu the sea 1 