?.U'Jl£i01t -ft lid Philanthropy. Jesus Passing By. By the Bet. G. H. Spueoeos. WHEN Bartimeus had come to Jesus, and Jesus said to him, " What wilt thou that I should do unto thee ?" the man returned a straightforward and intelligent answer, " Lord, that I might receive my sight." Now, when yon are at prayer, any of you, do not merely pray a general prayer, bat put it before the Lord in the plainest language. I could suppose, for example* the tenor of your con fession and petition might be something like this: " Lord, here I am; I hare lived all this time without regard to Thee; I have been a hearer at the Tabernacle; sometimes I have been so deeply impressed that I have shed many tears; but Lord, it has all come to nothing; sermons upon sermons have I heard, yet sermon after sermon has been lost upon me; I am afraid I am a Gospel-hardened sinner; I think, Lord, that sitting as I do right opposite the ' preacher, ha speaking so pointedly as he does to me, witnessing, as X do, how others have been saved, while I have been left unsaved, my heart must be like the nether millstone; yet, Lord* Thou canst save me. Oh, have mercy on me yet! Oh, melt this heart of stone; break ♦Ma adamant; thaw this rock of ice! Lord, I know what it is that hinders me; there is that cherished sin; there is- that vile companion; there is that lust of the flesh. 0 God, enable me to give it up! Now help me to pluck off the right arm, and tear out the right eye, for oh! C cannot perish; I cannot perish; I cannot bear Thy wrath in the world to come; I am afraid because of it; therefore woold I flee from it, and find refuge in Jesus!" Or perhaps your case may be quite a different one, and in pleading with God you may have to say, " Xjord, I never was a keeper of Thy Sab bath ; I have been on all those holy days spend ing the time in sinful pleasure, and I do not know that 1 have any regard for Thee, but I fell into the crowd at the Tabernacle gates just now, and got into the &i;*le. and. Lord, Thy Word has found me out, and I feel as X never felt before; I do desire to be reconciled to Thee." Oh, you do not know how glad your heavenly Father will be to hear that, for, just as in the parable the father ran and fell upon the prodigal's neck and kissed him, so will our Father who is in heaven rim and fall upon your guilty neck, and give you the kiss of pardon and of acceptance, and you, even you, shall be saved. Glory be te God, there is none that press, and seek, and knock, and strive thus, but the mercy shall come unto them. That which really brought salvation to this Mind man was his faith, for Christ says, "Thy faith hath saved thee." Now, here is the greatest point of all—faith! Faith; for work without faith is of little worth. Faith is the great saving grace: it is the real life-germ. *4 What is faith?" say est thou. Anxious inquirer, if thou wouldst know what faith is, understand that the other wordforit is trust —belief. The faith that saves is a belief'that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, offered an atone ment for sin, and then after a firm conviction, a simple trusting in that atonement for thy salvation. Canst thou—oh! I pray the Holy Ghost enable thee!—canst thou trust Jesus Christ? When I ask that question of an awakened sinner, it secmsto me as if the answer should always be, " Can I trust Him? Ay, indeed! Such a Saviour, so Divine, offering each a sacrifice as the death of His own self, surely X can trust Him!" Here is a nail npon which yoa may well hang all the weight of the vessel. Here is a bridge over which tens of thousands of the weightiest sinners may cross safely. Come then, sinner, what sayest thou? Art thou resolved to trust Jesus? If so, thy faith hath saved tbee already; go thou and wrestle in prayer till thoa get thee an assurance of it. * It was an hour of crisis. While it is true in one sense that while life lasts, Jesus is passing by, I do also believe that in many cases the hour in which they will ever be able to find mercy is past long before men die. There was a man who had listened to an earnest Gospel exhortation, and as he listened he felt that the preacher was speaking out his inmost heart to him. He thought within himself, "That is an important matter." As he listened, the importance of the matter seemed to strike him more and more. His tears began to flow, and he re solved that when he reached his home at night he would seek the Lord. As he went on his way, a companion met him and said, " Come with me," and he invited him to a certain ale house." He was revolted at the thought for a moment. He stood still, and the deliberation seemed to go on in his soul. "Which shall it be? Shall it be my jovial companion, or shall it be that earnest prayer on which 1 have resolved?" He hesitated a moment, and his better self, or rather the Hcly Spirit within him, conquered, and that night as he knelt, light Divine shone into his soul, and he became a Christian* On that same occasion there was another man who passed through precisely the same experience, and to whom the same tempta tion came, bat he yielded to it, and he was never after that troubled with such another difficulty. He listened again to sermons, but he never telt under them as he did under that. They lost all interest for him; after a time he left off attending the means of grace, and he is at this time a blasphemer, though before he seemed to stand npon the very borders of t-alva tion. Probably to this last man thero will never come a day of grace again. He has now put himself beyond the reach of it as to the means, for he attends no place of worship, and gives no heed to anything of the kind. Religion has become a thing for him to laugh at, and ! its preachers the objects of his scorn. Here I was the turning point of these two lives; j grace decided the one, and the flesh decided the 1 other; the one, in all human probability, is hound for heaven, and the other, alas! is bound tor hell Such a time as this may have come now. t do not know that young man, nor where he sits, but he is here. He hae, after this serrico is over, au engagement of a sort that if his sainted mother in the country could but know of it, it would make her very hair stand on end with horror, to think that her son should come to that. I oharge him by the living God to give up that sin, or else ho may seal his own damnation. There sits here in this house a woman who will this very day, if the Lord shall make her fulfil the purpose of her heart, seek Christ and find Him, but if the temptation that is now striving with her should overcome her, and the evening should be spent, after all, in idle chat, her conscience shall be seared as with a hot iron and from this hour it shall not be possible for the shafts of the gospd to oome to her. Oh, that God may decide your case rightly for you, helping your will, yonr stubborn and wicked will, to yield and bow to the blessed instigation of Has Holy Spirit in your hearts, for I am persuaded that this is an hour of crisis to many cere. Remember that thia hour of Jesus*a passing by is on hour that will soon be ^°XHd yon notice that word, " Jesusof Naxareth passethby?" He is not stopping, He is pass ing by, for He is going oh towards the walls of Jericho to pass through its gates. Blind man! it is now or never, for He is passing by. He has come up to where you are; cry to him now. He has passed you, hut cry to Him. Now, man, He is long past, but He can yet hear you; cry to Him now! Ah! but He is passed and is gone, and the man has not cried, and now there is no other who can open his eyes, neither will this Son of David, for He has passed by, and been unasked, unsought to bless. You had Christ passing by when _ yon were young. I would to God you had paid to Him then, "Have many on me!" but you waited till He came up to you in middle life, and yet you did not seek Him. Alas, alas, for that! And now the gray hairs are stealing over you, and half a century of unbelief has hardened yonr heart. Yea are getting to 60 years of ungodliness, but Ho is not out of earshot yet. Ho will hear yon now. Oh, cry to Him, I pray you, and may God s holy spirit, the author of all true supplication, breathe in you now a cry that never shall be stopped until you get the answer, " Thy faith hath saved thee; go in peaoo." ITow, it may bo that some here to whom I am speaking think that this preaching.is child's play, and that our talking about these 'solemn things is very easy. I protest before God that I feel it to be stern, hard work. Not but what it is easy and delightful to preach the gospel, but I yearn over the souls of some of yon. I cannot understand why yon crowd here, and when I know that there are perhaps half as many outside as inside clamouring for entrance, I know not why it is. I do nothing to attract yon here, but speak right oat my Master's Gospel. The truth is, if the Lord inclines yonr hearts and brings yon within the sound of the Gospel which I am eager to ptoclaim, I feel s responsibility about you which it were not possible for yon to estimate. "What if you should in the day of judgement be able to say, "We crowded to that house, and we listened -to that man, tut he did not tell us the truth, or he told ns so coldly that we thought it did not signify, and we pot it off!" Oh! if you are lost, let me bear witness that 1 woold fain have you saved, and if persuasions conld bring you to Christ, yon should not perish for lack of them. " Be lieve in the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou ehalt be saved." This is the message, but if yon reject it, a weight falls on my Bpirit—it seems to crush me like a millstone now—the thought tout you should be lost! 1'or . what is it to be lost? To be cast away from the presenoeof God, to be cast into hell, to have to suffsr, and that for ever all that the justice of God can demand, all that the omnipotence of God can inflict. Why, sirs,, if I had an headache, or a toothache for cne brief hour, my patience can scarcely endure the torture: what must it be to suffer such pain for a century? Friend, X caxmot guess whatit must be! What must it be to have ten thou sand times worse pains than these for ever and ever? Why to be dejected in mind, to be despairing, to be disconsolate—how bewildered it makes men! They take the knife, the poison, in a fit of insanity, it may he they cannot bear their lives because of their anguish and desperation. But all the pangs, and racks, and abandonment from which men suffer here are nothing to be compared with the woes and mental anguish of the world to come. Oh, the agony of a spirit doomed, forlorn, accursed, upon which God shall put his foot in awful wrath and lift it up no more forever! And thecp, as yon lie, tormented to the quick, you will hav« this to be your miserable portion—I heard the gospel, but I would not heed it; Christ was put before me, but I would not acknowledge Him; 1 was entreated to believe in His name and to fly to Him for salvation, but I hesitated hung in suspense, demurred, and at length denied Him. And all for what? For a little drink, a little dance, a little sin that yielded me but slight pleasnre, or for worldly gun, or for low and grovelling vices, or for sheer careless ness and gaiety! Oh, it is time that you were saved. In a short time yon must be in another world. Hard by that column, on my right in' yonder gallery, in that next pew, there usually sat two attentive hearers, husband and wife, who early one morning were suffocated by the smoke of*their own burning house, just under these eaves. I little thought they would be preachers to us the same night—but they were so. The calamity, sudden and mysterious, which removed them from our midst, sets "the uncertainty of life, and the preparation for departure," so vividly before us, that we could not refrain onr emotions or restrain our sympa thies. Their absence should have spoken loudly to those who occupied the sear they vacated, asking them whether they were ready to depart. Not less loudly should it speak to all sitting here, and now raising the question in tho hearts of some of you who are careless about, yonr souls, how you could bear to pass ont of this world if the arrow of death should orer take you unawares. A trifling accident may prove fatal, a slight illness mavbo the pre cursor of speedy dissolution. Can jou imagine your own remorse as you glance backwards at the Gospel you havo listened to but never embraced—the blood of sprinkling you havo heard of, but has never been applied to your conscience—the Saviour whom you passed by with indifference when Ho passed by you ready to be gracious, and you would not be His disciple ? Ah! ye may* turn from such questions with a faint smile now—ere long you will turn to them with a pale shudder. Lost, lost, lost! and for nothing' A sinner damned! He lost his soul, but he did not gain the world. He gained only a little frivolous pleasure, even that poor pittance he spent in an hour, and then he was for ever cast away! May it not be se with you—not with one of you, old or young, bat the Lord have mercy upon the whole assembly, for His dear name s sake. Amen. 