LECTURES ON PROPHECY. The first ol' two lectures supplementary to the course 011 prophetic subjects lately delivered in the class-room of the Me chanics' Institute by an evangelist of the Catholic Apostolic Church, was delivered in thesaiueroom onSimdayevening.thesubject being 'A narrative of certain remarkable events which have occurred in the Church since the year 1830.' The lecturer com menced by drawing attention to the re markable phenomena of the great spiiitual revival- of this century, espe cially in view of the contradictory and conflicting forms of its manifestation in the several divisions of the Christian Church, which are so extreme that there is only one thing upon which they can all be said to agree, viz., the preaching of the Lord .lesus. Beyond this, there is not any universal ground of unity. Y et there is un mistakeable spiritual revival, m anifesting itself in each sect according to the truth and error each contains, and limited in each by the man invested constitution which each has adopted. In its source and origin this revival must have one-cause, viz., an operation of God's spirit in the Church. God is not the author of division and contradiction, but of unity and peace ; but the effect of a spiritual work done by God in the midst of the church, having for its object the restoration of unity, must at first be a revival of life in all sects and divisions, resulting in tbe more intense conflict of the di vers principles of th ose sects. This is wkat has been witnessed. The voice of the Master has been heard, and the life has bounded everywhere; but, alas! only to the limits of its prison walls. Each religious institution persists in limiting God's action to the possibilities of its case each expects to be accepted as it is. The lecturer then proceeded to relate how that, after long and earnest prayer to God had been made by numbers of faithful religious people of various denominations through out Great Britain for tbe outpouring of the Holy Ghost upon the Church, the gifts of prophecy of speakingwith unknown tongues and of healing were suddenly restored, about the year 1S30, among companies of persons unknown to each other, in various parts of England and Scotland ; that this had eventually issued in men being called to the apostolic office, and with them prophets, evangelists, and pastors ; that a testimony thus commenced had been borne to the rulers of Chnrcli and State through out Christendom shout the year 1835, testi fying to the nearness of thesecond advent of the Lord, and to the restorati n of theancient ordinances of the Church to prepare a people for His coming. That since then tne wont nas spread ana cuurcnes nave been gathered in all the lands of Christen dom, among men of all languages and races, who are abiding in the Apostles' doctrine, fellowship, breaking of bread and prayers, waiting for the coming of the Lord. The lecturer concluded by pointing out that the spiritual revival of this cen tury, thus regarded, had very early issued in this great Catholic work, freed entirely from the bondageof sectarianism, and that the life now seen in operation in the Church at large and among Christian men, from the great Roman Catholic sect to the last Dis senting chapel, separated from others to contend for some particular principle of truth, is that which remains of the Church's original heritage of grace, quickened into life by the presence of tbe Lord, acting once more in the midst of the Cnurch for her perfecting, but limited by the bonds of sectarian rules and traditions, by which it is everywhere enthralled. Notice was given that another lecture would be de livered on Sunday evening next. 