? .-CHURCH OF THE APRSTLES ' ' Impressive and' interesting sorvices were celebrated on Sunday at the Church of the Apostles, Launceston, in connection with; the commemoration ' in the Northern'. Deanery of Bishop Murphy's jubilee.' Par? ticulars of liis lordship's lehgthoned eccle siastical \ career have already boon given, and the series of services havo been looked 'forward to witn mucn interest. At the 8 a.m. mass there was a large ? number of communicants, and the sermon, which was preached by the Very Eot. Dean Baeohirior, was' appropriate to the occasion/ ' The church was beautifully decorated with '. ferns and evergreens, and presented ah imposing appearance; over the altar in evergreen leaTes on white ground were the ?words, ' AdMultoa Anno$. Solemn' High Mass (Coram Pentfliee) was celebrated at tha 11 o'clook morning service, and at which there was an over flowing' congregation. The Bishop pre sided, occupying a temporary throne erected in the sanctuary on a raised dais, ?nd over it was an arch of evergreens. His lordship wora pontifical robes, and a ?bitty mitre of exquisite workmanship, the ?ftttfbf the ladies of the Convent, was worn Ibr the first time. Rev. Father Murphy ' was celebrant at the mass, and officiated in Ilia vMtmanht neculiar to the feast. The ' Vary Eav. Dean Beechimor was master of ' tiie ,«ar«monies, and also assistad »t tha throne. After the Dean read the decree , authorising the Bishop to impart the Papal Benediction on certain solemn occasions . ' daring the year, his .lordship with crozier in hand solemnly iiapartad the bene -'. diction. ? At the close of the Mass the Bishop said he could';net permit .the opportunity to pass without thanking the people of the north, and especially, those of Launceston, for their magnificent, display of goodwill and affection towards him. ' Ho had' been 'greatly : impressed ;. by their enthusiasm \- since his' arrival in the town, and their kindness called , up .the remembrance; of .his jubilee of assumption .of ecclesiastical . duties. The present ceremony was but the beginning of a series, and he thanked . the multitude for their kind reception and remembrance of his jubilee of' ministra tion, and prayed that God's blessing might .rest upon them in this lifej and that which is to follow. ?: . , ; ... ;. In announcing the further services Dean ?Beeciinor alluded to a unique feature in .?connection with the laying the foundation .gtene of. the chancel, etc*, viz., there would be no collection. He eulogised the ? liberality of the congregation,' and thought that collecting money would mar the cere monials »f the jubilee week. There were funds in handtto go on with, the work up ? ?' i to Christmas, and .when '. they were ex ' ' : hausted a further appeal would be made, ? :....' and to which no doubt they, would ' liberally respend. ,;'?'. ?...:?? The choir was augmented on the occa sion with a full, orchestra under the Qon-_ dvictorship.of the chpir-mcister, Mf^.T. H. Bosworth. ' Hadjrn's.- ,2nd .-^Mass. wag.: per-. ??'????' '.'-f brmed, except the credo, whica was from ? ' .the- 3rd. '-Mass* the soloists- being. .Mrs. .-.' . Baepple 5 Misses M'Mahon and Harvey; and Messrs. H.-Greenf?.Galvin, and' E. Keon. During: the- offertory Zingarelli's .'? 'Laudato' was effectively rendered by .'?'?. the choir and orchestra, Mr. H. Green taking the solo parts.' : - The Bishop presided at the' evening ser vice and ? gave solemn pontifical vespers attended; by .the Dean, and Rev. Father. Murphy. r; :?'?' ;- ? ??' ': '' ' : . ' ' : ?. ' ?:' ;V.V'' : Some weeks ago a description was given in these columns of ; the proposed additions to^ be made to ,: the'!church, ? ^consisting of. chancelj.transepts,'' aisle8','chapels,VetcV, and; which, when . completed, will constitute the edifice, -perhaps the -i most :completei y ecclesiastical gtructure in; the colony..; ? At 3 p.m;6n Sunday the;inte'resting;Ceremony ?'?? - of laying^ the foundation stones 'was-, per-' ,??'?' formed' by therAbishop/ih'ionnection with . the : jubilee . services. v.During '.the past ? three ?.?mpntisT.'&o-vriebeissaryv.exdayations;! haye.been made, and. the 'foundations , are ? ^ now- ready for . the eomntencement of»the -erection'of. the superstructure. ?? .;!'?: j : ' Th'e;ohildren of the 'schools, with their teachers and the Bishop; and clergy,' assembled in the churoh; and after singing the hymn, 'O, Glorious ..St. Patrick,' left the church' for the site of tKe founda '?-. tion in the following order :— Boys of the St. 'Erancis Xavier and . St. Patrick's ; ' sohoolwith banners, girls of the Society -.of the Children of Mary, and pupils of the intermediate schools of the Presentation Convent with 'banners; acolytes ..with ?''?'??: ;? lighted .candles; the Bishop, attended- by \- : ; the Dean and Father Murphy, his lord : ???'?'? .'; ': ship being attired in full pontificals, wear ' ? ing the Bishop's mitre and: preceded by ' -v lbearersof his crozier and pastoral staff. A ' large concourse of spectators had assembled at the scene, and while the pro cession, was en route the St. Joseph's Band ~ '.-..-'? played the ' Redemption . March.' ? His ' lordship and the clergy took their places at a temporary platform,- and the impressive ', :? caremony commenced. Across was placed ?'??'.?:? . at the end of . the fenindatibn stone and was ? solemnly blessed ..and, sprinkled with holy water. The various prayers, litanies, and ? psalnispreseribed inthe ritual of the churoh ; ' were read and intoned by the Bishop and the clergy,.tho congregation taking up the responses in the intonation of the litany, to the saints. At variouB stages his lord ship blessed the corner stone; sprinkled , the foundation-stone with holy water; . formed the prescribed crosses on the stone .'. with the trowel; arid placed the stone in ? the name of the Trinity and in the faith of '.:?;'? \ Jesus Christ; The foundation atone bears ' ? . '. the following inscription in gilt letters :- — 7 ??'? ' A.M.D.G. . TMb stone.- was laid by .the Most Rev. David Murphy,.. D.D., Lord 1 Bishop of .Hobart,, on ? June; 1-7, 4th Sunday after Pentecost, 1388. The ?'?'? ..occasion of his Priesthood's Golden Jubilee. D.V.F..X; Beeohinor, Dean,' P.P.Y.F.' ,Tho Bishop and- clergy then walked- over [all the\ foundations, ' attended ?'.., . by ', the ulcolytes' , and repeating the' appointed, Ipsalms and prayers, 'and. then returned to the platform. .. . ..'? , . ?? . ! ! His lordship then addressed the jaudienpe, com'mencing by ah invocation to ?the Trinity and quoting the, E. C. version of the text ' Glory to God.in the Highest', and'on earth peace to men of good will.' These words (said the Bishop) wore pro nounced by the angelic choir on the occa sion of the coming of our Divine Lord on earth, and they. contained :the. object for which 'bu' assumed human ! nature and suffered on' the cross. Previous to 'the coming of Jesus Christ, the whole world— .'with the exception of tho Jewish people were buried in the darkness of idolatry/ and man, who was* created to the likeness and imago of God defaced it from his soul by abandoning his God and paying to the creature the homage due alone to the Creator.' Everywhere man erected altars to the false divinities and offered to sticks nau »u-uea \iu& supremo wurauip Duiuu^iug to God alone. Tho consequence was a general depravity of morals, and divine and natural laws were ignored, despised, and trampled upon. The only law fol lowed by the people was the law' of their passions, with the result that man was re duced to the lowest stage of degradation. To apply a remedy to this deplorable state of things our Lord left the bosom of the eternal Father, and came in the floih and diadonthe cross, His mission being to re instate man in th« pooit'ion ha was destined to occupy. For the same- purpose our Divine Lord preached throughout Judea, and confirmed the sanctity of His life by miracles of healing and by that stupendous miracle of all, his own resurrection from . the dead, by which He showed He was God and was possessed of Divine power. For this purpose .also the Lord Jesus Christ established'; the, Holy Catholic . Church which he designed to represent Him in the world and teach His doctrines as the way of life and salvation, to mankind.. In order that the Church knight never fall into error in itnpwntant doctrines and truths, Jesus Christ promised to.bewi^h it' to all time,, and He. vouchsafed the gift of the Holy Spirit to be its teacher, inspiration, and guida. This .provision secured:the Church from falling 'into' error or teaching' it. Members of the Church were thus assured of tha faith they professed, there was. no error in it; they.]... possessed; it in 'all ifi purity and integrity as it -came from the lips of the Divine ?? founder. . For- .this purpose, and to preserve the .unity of vthe faithi bur Lord appointed St. ,Poter a» the head of the Church, and his'.' living successor is Pope Leo XIII., and to him is given , :infallibilityf.;and supreme ;.powar. Since the institutipns'of . the Church it (was iieoassafy . she should: erbot; templns in ,which the. people ? might assemble -im Wpr»hip, ?? have .; thp . *,of d , of .life .taught 'to them; aadj-the . : sacramepts, ?f the Churoh performed. With .that '? . ^object;. ?.. the i vgpntiRUous 'church was' about t6;b9. cotnpleted that they might iworship^God and'.^roinote 'pn^earth 'peace to men* of goodwill.' ^liSWithin' its walls the holy sacrament ; will .be, offered and Jesus Christ will descend on its altar and. «ffer himself a sacrifice for the guilty. Through the ^medium of the distributed sacrament of bread people will receive the bread of life.. Adults will receive con firmation and have their faith; established, and young boys and girls'wilireceive the immense graces , and gifts of the Holy. .Ghost. The sacrament of penance will be administered,; through which they would ^receive the pardon 'of sin, and strengtii to 'avoid .it, 'and 'the/ 'priests;' whO'.'.'recoived ?power' from' 'God, would, in the'. person of God, pronounce absolution of their sins, no matter how numerous those sinswere. : God had 'granted this power to ]the priests for tha benefit ' of ,the people, and .all. the;''sacrament3'*6f grace - were ordained to carry but the design of pro moting 'peace to men of good will.'\,Tho ?object of their assembling was that; thojrall might' co-operate sincerely in this design of Jesus Christ in .honour and glory of God^ '? '',.'. ?.''?:'' v i..;'::'. ;??'.' . '?'? '?',. ????,' ; The ceremony . Was ' coneluded by the Bishop reading', various portions pf the Psalms arid offering prayer. .; The;pro cession was then re- formed to the church,. +V»o .CUt .Trtdnnli'a TianA nlo.Tnniy PftipnfcifYnfl from Weber's Maes in G-. ' . ' :' : , The presentation ' of congratulatory addresses and... testimonials to, the Right Rev. Dr. Murphy, ;Bishoj-.of. Hobart, in connection with the recent golden jubilee celebrations, took place! in the school-room of the Presentation Conveit, Margaret street, on, Tuesday morning. The school room' was tastefully decorated for the occasion, and there was afulkattendance'of scholars of the ? Convent school, and the boys of St., Francis'XayieB aud ?'? St^ Patrick's Seminary. At .11 o'clock Dr.1 Murphy, accompanied by Very Rav. Dean Beechinor,, the , Revs.. ,,M. J. ?Beechinor, and J. Murphy, the 'Lady Superioress of the Convent, . and, .Mr. Tennyson, master of the Seminary of St. Francis Xavier, entered the roomy andrthe . proceedings . were opened by' the children singing a hymn of welcome. , ' . , ?'' ??? ' An address was then read to the. Bishop by Miss Alice Boyd, on behalf of the scholars of the Presentation Convent. The pupils in the address, joined their con gratulations to those, of all Athe diooese^ on- the occasion 'of. Bishop .Murphy's sacerdotal jubilee. They had experienced repeated proofs of his Lordship's loving interest in their welfare, andthe youngest of them had been informed of t his unceas-: ing efforts on behalf of Roman Catholic education. . Thejr had heard it was owing, to health impaired by almost superhuman labours ' that his lordship . was obliged to abandon 'a former: diocese under India's burning 'siiri, arid- they rejoiced that although : those exertions,' since ' taking charge of this diocese; had beenin no way remitted, the ' niore -genial ' climate of his 'island 'home/, had 'so far benefited his health. They felt gratified that they had tho 'opportunity, of com memorating the 60th anniversary of the first mass .celebrated 'by Dr. Murphy in Alma Mater, the National College of the Island of Saiuts, a privilege rarely ac corded to any people, but lately shared in by the faithful throughout the -world on : the occasion .of the sacerdotal Jubilee of the Supreme Head of the Church. :? ' ? The representative pupils of St.' Francis Xaviar asd St. Patrick's Seminary - were then' presented to the Bishop by Mr. Tennyson, and Master William' Tynan read an address, in which the scholars acknow ledged the solicitude with' which Bishop Murphy had always looked after the wel fare of the children under his spiritual charge, and also that he had -'sh;ofTn particular interest in the establishment and progreBB of their very school, in which' they had the great advantage of receiving a Roman Catholic education. The pupils, greatly rejoiced that, by the blessing ? of ? God, his lordship had so far regained his, health after his' sojourn during- former: years in India as to enable them to offer their cougratulationa on his, ^having reached a period in his exalted office rarely attained by any. . .ii. .',._ Musical selections ware then rej»djBrod by several of the young lady acho&rs.; A marked feature in the proceedings were .a number of national recitations given by young ladies, eack wearing the dress and speaking in the language typical of the, country reprasented. The itams. were' rendered as follow: — English recitation^ Miss E. Lawler ; French, Miss M. M'Mahon, Irish, Miss E. Keon ; German, Miss M. 7f ilson ; Italian, Miss F. Armstrong ; and Tasmanian, Miss B. Nicholls. These reci tations were all excellently delivered, and. \- spoke volumes for the manner in which the various exponents had been prepared for., so novel and interesting an exhibition. .' A' number of very handsome gifts were then presented to the Bishop by.. Bean Beechinor on behalf of the Sisters of - the. Convent and the pupils of the two schools. Bishop Murphy, in. expressing his grati fication, said :— ' Mydear children of both schools— I thank you very much. for the beautiful addresses and. gifts, also the affectionate greeting, you have given me on 'the oceaBipn'. of, my sacerdotal, jubilee. I am-plensed to witness such a large gather ing of children present,: especially as the weather is so unfavourable.- '-Your address give.B.me ,cre,dit for my labours in regard to Roman Catholic education. In this matter I have.Amly done my duty to God and the Church, fer I know unlesB children;are initructed upon a system of eduoation based on religion, they could- not be brought up as worthy and 'God-fearing people. It is a great pleasure .to.nWtp;see you are being well taught, both in regard to .roligioua and seorUar, ... knowledge. ,;.. J Commenced my missiorii in; India.' -My first ??; business was , to (' -organise '. a Bchopl,;. and ' it - was always ? my great pleasure '. to ^ work , for it. Here I Bea^now.^baforo me none but white faces. In India; it was different, for there one saw both; . black, white, and intermediate., It affords me the greatest pleasure to notioe the. manner in, whiok Roman Catholic -' educatien, has been' forwarded in Laun-. ?ceston. ''-. It also gives me pleasurato learn, that air the Roman Catholic children, with but few exceptions, attend the schools. This.is the- work of your' pastorsand their' associates. Through their efforts the schools have ? been- erected.Vand , you ought to be;gratoful'.f6r tho blessing of Roman Catholic education you now enjoy .' The priests feel it an obligation on them that children should .be brought up in, the f ear t and love of God, and have provided' you' with schools in which both .religious and' secular education^ is taught. As long as Almighty God spares my life it shall be spent inthe.intere8ts of your spiritual and educational welfare. I thank you' most sincerely rf6r: the beautiful^ gifts. The mitre has been a source of admiration to all who have 'seen it. I'have received so many attractive and costly presents here and in Hobart that I have been requested to permit .them to be exhibited, so you shall be able to see all the: kindnesses- shown me.' . ?.?-.'? ..?.?'...,, , ,,: ^ , The scholars then joined in; a. song of praise, and afterwards gave cheers for his lordship, Dean Baechinor, and their teachers in the schools. .. The Dean' announced that .the Bishop, had granted the pupils a holiday ;' in fact, several holidays, a statement which was received with renewed cheering.' ? Bishop Murphy then gave the assemblage his .blessing, and ^the proceedings were brought to a conclusion. . ' The addresses and testimonials are ?worthy of special . mention, being both handsome and costly. The addresses from the Presentation Convent, are arranged in, theVform ,of a book; handsomely bound in green morocco, and containing seven pages. Page 1 ia -beautifully' illuminated with Tasmanian berries and' flowers, together with1; birds arid butterflies, and contains' the* following inscriptiori :— ' To the most Rev. Daniel Murphy, D.D., Lord Bishop of Hobart; oh '.the occasion of -his Golden Jubilee. Born 18th June, 1815 ; ordained 27th May, 1838 ^consecrated 11th October, 1846 ; golden jubilee, 27th May, 1888.' An inscription of a ' similar nature is also, shown on the . outside coveri Page 2 con tains $he address from the' Convent scholars in EngliBh ;' 3, ditto in French; 4, ditto, Latin ; 5; ditto, Italian ; 6, ditto, German; 7, ditto, Irish. ' And appendeel are the signatures of 14 members of the Convent school. , The book, '.which is illuminated throughout;, forms' .undoubtedly a' most iattractive gift. The inscriptionB, lettering, and illuminations are tho handiwork of Mr. W; Fletcher, and reflect tho greatest credit upon his ability' with brush and pen. The binding .-has been, well executed by Mr. A..Thompsbn, of Charles-street. Tho rochet — or Bishop's surplice — is also a gift of ? a valuable nature. It -is pf white cambric, very deeply bordered by beautiful Honiton and point lace, and j,has been the work of one of the Sisters of the Convent. It is enclosed in a handsome purple velvet case. ? The mitre, also the work of a .Sister, comprises a background of white satin with raised bullion. ; The bullion is made into various, devices, such as ears of . wheat, stars, flowers, and crosses, and the mitre ia jewelled' throughout. The lapellee or pendants are ornamented with gold thread, and terminated with gold, tassel work. A fourth gift from the Convent schools, com prising a fine walnut . chess and back gamriion. table, and a handsome fire screen, the work of Miss G. Cundy, was also a noticeable feature amongst, the presents. The screen was framed' with walnut, and had the Bishop's escutcheon ' raised on a blue and white satin ground on its face. '£? costly dark green satin cushion was also comprised with the gifts. From the pupils of,St.,Francis Xavier and St. Patrick's Senunary came an excellent Ellery barometer. The presents, were truly fitting mementos of *uch an occasion, and when pladed all together will form an exhibition of a most attractive description. lath* evening a re-union «f a most enter taining dusoriptipn took place in the Prer Behtation ? Convent School-room, when' a programme comprising vocal and instru mental selections, interspersed with recita tions, was presentod by the scholars, of both schools; Amongst those present ware the Right-Baverend Dr. Murphy, BUhop of Hobart; Dean Beechinor,'the Rev's. M. J. Beschinor, Noone, and J. Murphy; After the varied portion pf the programme had been finished, the sparkling cantata of 'The- May Queen' was rendered, thbso enacting the different charactera all doing excellently, and giving proofs of having been exceedingly well ' tutored. The sing ing of tho various numbers incidental to the (cantata was of a most enjoyable des cription throughout, and the re-union proved a genuine treat to the visitors' pre- sent. The dresses worn were appropriate and handsome, while the grouping of the many characters was contrived with a tact which left nothing to]b« desired. On W oil ncsday at the invitation of Dean Beechiaor, the olergy' of , , the northern deanery met tho Very Rev. 'Dr. Murphy, Bishop of Hobnvt, at dinner at the Deanery. In the evening another pleasant re union in connection with a series of such' events, organised in celebration of Bishop, fflturphy's' golden jubilee, took place in the' Presen tation Convent school-room. The event of the evening, was a grand living chess tournament, ' the 'arrangements for the carrying out of which were, thanks to the exertions of the organisers, complete in every detail. The' floor of thoJBchool-room ?was ..airarigedraa. -a. huge.';ohe3s vbpard,. and the' costumes , 61 the various scholars; ,who ?undertook.ttilBVr.epresentation^ of the many figures j'lpoked' both /attractive and imposing. The . tptirriamerit, whioh' comprised two games, was conducted by Mr; 'A. Wallace and; Professor Ploriekowski. The initial contest was won by tho latter-mentioned gentleman, whily the seeond, which was of longer duration, fell to Mr. Wallace. The games were watched with great interest by ;the Bishop, who is a player of no mean merit himself. The guests present com prised, besides Bishop Murphy, Dean Beechinor, the Revs. M. J. Beechinor, Jfoorie, J. Murphy,, and Callaghan, arid a number of friends. At the. conclusion of the' chess tournament several recitations were givon,and the proceedings terminated dt 10 o'clock, an exceedingly pleasant evening having been enjoyed by all present. 