1 ELBOLIR\E GOSSIP. -4-- A curious spectacle oas witnessed on the Princes Bride estation on Wedueslav lan'. There were there assermblel just pri..r to the 'tarting of the afternoon train for Saie, four undertakers, each accompnield by the :hastly emblem of his calling-a cotfin. They eyed each other for a time. and the coiocidence being unusual, they deemed it prudent to exchange confidences. This as how it all arose. About 9 o'clock that morning a man of gentlemanly appearance, attired in deep black, anl bearing iu his visage no less than his habiliments all the indications of grief, called on Mr Bounes, the emitnent undertaker, antid ordere.l a cotffin for the late 3Mr Robinson, his father, who had died the previous night at Liily:lale. lie seemed terribly distressed, and said that, as he was not known to M3r Bones, he had better give him a cheque sntlicient to cover all expenses, He presented a cheque for £15 an amount somewhat in exces of the expenses, but Mr Bones assured him it was quite nnnecessary to pay until after the funeral. The sorrow-stricken man then took his departure leaving instructions for the cootio to be forwarded by the afternoon train to the address given. Mr Mould, the next undertaker, told his story. It was sinliiar to the preceding, but with this difference, that the £1. cheque presented to him had been accepted, and the balance, about £7 returned in hard cash. The others chimed in with the same tale, varied only by the sums in which they had been mulcted. A wiser and sadder group of men it would be dificult to witness as they adjourned to Young and Jackson's for a pint of half and half, directing the caskets to be returned to the places from whence they came. There is too much reason to believe that English biahope and saw chaw acdiiutic have very little sympathy with the colonial clergy, the men who have been working in vineyard and have borne the burden and heat of the day. It is a notorious fact that a colonially orlained clergyman has not got a Ghost of a show in England. In fact Arch. bishop Benson requires that he shall have to he a_?in ordainedl before his ministrations shall receive the approval of the Church authorities. Some years ago the Ballarat clere'y were on the verge -(f striking, or doing something enjually desperate because all the limejoicers get the fat billets, and the old laborers nere cast aside. The man who, as senior of the diocesan clergy, led the movement, was thenceforth a marked man and in time was obliged to resign his ineum. bency. Something of the same nature is at present at work in Melbourne; there, some appointments have been made, and some np. pointments have not been made,and all this is going to give terrible umbrage to the per sons interested. The charge made is that none but a certain school of clergy now re ceire any countenance from the fountain of hierarchical honor, and that all who exhibit high church tendencies are placed in the back ground. This, to the general public, is only tweedledum and tweedledee, but in religious circles the question is creating in tense feeling, so much so that not a few eminent individuals are said to be prepared to lead a seccessionist party from the Angli. can Church of Victoria. The Executive Commission of the Centen nial Exhibition have dared to dispute the wish of the Chief' Justice by appointing Colonel Sargood as Executive Vice President, ' and now they are anxiously awaiting the conseqoences, not know. ing what terrible vengeance may en sue. Everyone is becoming alive to the in creasing infirmity of temper on the part of the Chief Justice, and the newspapers eager to nave the Government from the dilemma in which they might be placed by a resigna tion have been counselling prudence and forbearance on the part of the Chief Justice. These things are managed in a reund-about fashion bat not the less effectively. It would not redound to the popularity of the Govern. ment if M[r George Higinbotham resigned, and it would occasion a good deal of incen. venienee to appoint anyone In his stead. It may be said that the Government hare nothing to do with these things. As a mat ter of fact they pull the strings, although they do not appear upon tihe scene, and the Chief Justice is well aware of this. It may have been nn art of necessity to appoint a vice-president, but what the President is likely to take exception to, is the mode in which it was done. Many pereons are of opinion that there has been a good deal of intriguing gning on for this position, just as there was for the Speakership, while some think that the disenterestedoess of the movers is so evident that even of tihey were offered a title in connection with the exhibi tion they wouldrespectfully decline the honor. Very like a whale. ; Bst by the time this ap pears in print, the matter will be settled ; at least it is to be hoped so. SThe Steam Navrigation Board is supposed to bea quasi-jdicial body, but those who think it son are suffering under a delnusion. I was at an enqoury the other day, and had an opportunity of forming an opinion of this marine tribunal, Long before the evidence haed closed, the six ancient mariners of whom the board is proposed had made up their mindsto pot tihe accnsed, anld any evidence given on nit behalf was laughedl at. One ol greybearnl proved his good taste by showing by his gestures the contempt be en. teretained for the testimony of a respectable witness who had only one object to serve in losing his time attending viz., the interests of truth and justice. One of the beard got up and left the room and returned after an abeence of some time,' mn proceeded as if he had been there throughout the whole hear. ing. It was manifest what their decision would be hours before it was arrived at, and that decision was of so indefinite a character that no jurywould hground a verdict upon it. The result was a every on expected. It is time that a board very differently con otrncted was appointed to deal with cases arising out of shipping casunalties. In reference to a presecution which took lace recently for selling adnlulterated liquor, heard an anecdote of a typical case in which the license of a leading hotel in Mel ,onroe was concerned. In company witha number of gentlemen, he was standin drlrink lg at his own lar. -Some chaff relative to the quality of the litlaor was being indulged in. "Conme, Boniface," bhserved one of those present, "' I'll lay on a wager, say £5,. that you will not show me without a very difflincult search a bottle on your shelves of a definite and genuine brand." The dealer in ftqdo'"snifed, and called for a bottle of a certain brand of whiskey which stood tempt. ingly and prominently on one of the shelves close by. The bottle was handed round; it was duly capasled and corked, and everything apparently all right. It was then opened, and even the taste of the liquor seemed irre. proachable. '" Show me the cork," said the gentleman who made the bet. The barmaid handed it over, when to the intense amuse. meat of all present but Boniface it was fond to hare the brand of atotally differ. ent firm from that whose name appearedt on the label ! Tableau. 