OUR ilELBOURNE LET'TER. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Tuesday, May 22. The contest for thie Melbourne Pro vince has presented several features worthy of record. It has been conducted with the most perfect amiability by the principals, but, as in the case of Dolly Spanker's challenge to Sir Harcourt Courtly, it is those least interested in the result who have been the most aching to get up a fight. Mr Byrne's acts and associations have all along proved most detrimental to the excellent chance lie had at first. It is disin terring what Mr Service styled the ghost of the buried Past. His profes sion of political creed in 1864 was one of the funniest things I ever remember in politics, and his addendum to it that his present programme included the ex tension of thesystem of protection, a free breakfast table, a fair week's wage for a fair week's work, the national system of public instruction, and expediting the transfer of land, was in a political sense an unchallenged curiosity. His claim that because he took Mr Hatley's place at the former election, when that gentle man, to avoid inevitable defeat by Dr Hearn, prudently retired, lie was entitled to be allowed a walk-over this time in order that he might enjoy the seat for ten years and four months, was of course untenable, and the selection of C. H. Jones to move the fit and proper resolution at the Athenmum, and the choice of the unemployed agitator Broome, as one of his canvassers, weore tactical mistakes which exhibited bad generalship. In addition, lie suffered a good deal from the zeal of his allies, who had not the good taste to adhere to the lines laid down by their leader. When at the Athenmenm meeting he said " He quite reciprocated the remark Mr Ser vice made the previous evening. No matter how the contest ended, when it was over their relations would be just the same as when it commenced. lie desired that Mr Service should be only treated politically in this contest, and if there was a single word said to him otherwise lie would publicly declare lihe had no hand or part in it." No wonder that such an open, manly statement as this was cheered, and for that very reason, in order to give force to their leader's maxim, it would have been well if his subordinates had taken the hint and abandoned the practice of button holeing voters in the street, prefacing their remarks with thie conclusion " We want moral men in the Legisla ture, sir, look at so-and-so, &c.;" These kind of tactics in many cases did more good than harm. At candidate-baiting time Mr Byrne had one funny question asked--if he was in favor of the compulsory closing of shops. lie said he was, because, though he liked to spend a good deal more time in his own office, he thought no employee should be compelled to work more than eight hours. Pressed as to whether that meant that lie would have all shops closed at seven o'clock, hie drifted into a lovely fog, saying " Of course, that is if your time would be up then." " What tile. do you go to work--is it eight o'clock or nine o'clock in the morning " " What I mean is, that after you have worked eight hours, whatever tisme in the day it is, you ought to have done with it and go away home, and of course if you go away the shop will have to be closed." Fancy a com piulsory closing law which embodied this lpinciple. Under it the shopman who commenccd work at eight would cease at four in the afternoon, and the artisan a ho started with the whistle of six would he finished by two, a condition of things imst salutary for thie revenues of the ciicket and football clubs. No wonder the shop assistants present, of whom there weore many, cheered the candidate's views to the echo--" A Daniel I A seecond Daniel come to judgment I" 