In 1869. [WRITTEN FOR THE 'QUEENSLANDER' CHRISTMAS SUPPLEMENT.] CHAPTER I. BY BLUEGUM. 'Will you ride over to Glenferry this afternoon, Mary?' Mary Erle stands back a step or two from the table to study the effect of the vase of flowers nho has just been arranging, puts in another spray of "maidenhair, and coaxes a dolioate spray of Capo jaflmino to nestle against the heart of a deep red rose, before sho answers doubtfully, ' Don't see how T can, Jim. Trotter has junt brought in a great banket of tomatoes, iiud I promised cook to help her with them. • Cook and tomatoes be—boiled !' growl* the young mrtn, making1 mi ineffectual grab at a sleek bluck cat, which at that moment meanders down the trellined veranda in Hearch of a con venient lizard for its midday meal. ' Oh, Jim ! Who was it that grumbled, and wouldn't eat chops for breakfast this morning because there was no tomato sauce ?' ♦ That's all right,' says Jim inconsequently, ' but why should >/«« mako it ? That woman ought to know how to cook anything; I'm sure she's old enough and ugly enough.' •New reading of tho idea "good plain cook," ' says Mary, 'but, all tho name, she needs help in cutting up the tomatoes, and' ' Well, then, let Trotter help, and ho ciin make love to her at tho same time, if ho likes it. But I do believe you revel in that kind of work yourself; you don't seem to have a soul above stewpans nowadays. Tomatoes! Last wook it was poaohos. It I isn't that I care a bit abont your going, only it does look no unneiurhbourly, and I know Alice must foel hurt.' The sound of the luncheon- gong put a sudden stop to Jim's grumbling, and ho went off to wash his hands; while Mary carried her flowers in and arranged them carefully on the table, at which Mr. Fen ton, the master of the house, in already seated, au ominous frown on his rugged red face. 'Where's Jim? Late as usual! I heard him come in half an hour ago. D it! What is the use of having a gong if no one is to pay any attention to it rl' ' Ho will 1)0 here in a moment, James,' pays a gentle voice from the other end of tho table, whom a sweet-looking middle-aged likenons of Mary mounts guard over a round of spiced beef. ' If ho cannot come in time for his meal* he had better go somewhere eIBO for them.' But at tliis stage tho delinquent enters with leisurely grucc, and devotes himself to eating his luncheon in sublime unconsciousness of his uncle's wrath. Cjld beef, salad, bread, cheese, junket, and stewed peaches disappear with a rapidity which ppeaks well for hearty appetite and healthy digestion, but presently he turns to Mrs. Erie insinuatingly: ' Mother, dear, don't you think Mary might como over to Glenferry this afternoon with me? She ways there iB tomato sauce to make, but surely that might wait. I know Mrs. Haw thorne thinks it very queer that she never goes over to rco Alice' ' You had better go, dear.' says Mr*. Erlo half di übM'ullv, aw she sees the reluctant look on her daughter's t'aoe ; but the question is settled by Undo James. 1 Go or not, just as you please ; but if you don't I can promise you that Hotspur shall go out to the prairie paddook to-morrow. You haven't been out for the last fortnight, and I don't see the force of keeping a horse eating his head off in the stable for nothing. If you have taken a whim against riding why can't you say so, and have done with it V ' Of courae I'll go, uncle,' says Mary, with a bright smile for the crotchety old man, who even in his worst moods Is always kind to her. As sho looks at him now, she wonders what has gone wrong to-day. His strongly-marked face is red, redder even than usual, and thore is an angry gleam in the keen deep-set gray eyes which augurs badly for the unlucky shep herd or groom who may chance to thwart the ♦ boss' that day. As he rises from the table (Mending a parting scowl from under his bushy eyebrows after the unconscious Jim) he shows a physique of wonderful power. Time was when James Fenton'a _ strength, dash, and daring were the admiration of women and the envy of men, when his feats of horsemanship wero the talk of the country; but that was long ago, before whisky had done its work ; and now many a time gentle Mrs. Erie thanked God that his young wife (her only sister) had passed away in her happy girlhood, her last thought for him, her last word a prayer to meet him in heaven. Better that than live to see him now! It was more than fifteen years since Mrs. Erie had come, with wee Mary and Jim, her adopted son (then a saucy b>y of about eight), to Worriba, on a visit to her sister. They had a few happy weeks together, then there was a buggy accident, a fortnight of anxiety and sus pense ; and then James Fenton laid his young wife in a grave on the hillside, with her tiny baby beside her. At first Mrs. Erie oould not find it in her heart to go away' and leave Mr. Fenton alone, and as the weeks passed on he grew fond of the children, re fusing to part with them. So they had grown up on the station, at least Mary had, Jim being most of the time away in Melbourne receiving the best education to bo obtained in the colonies ; then, when school days were over, Mr. Fenton (lavishly generous in all that concerned the lad) had given him liberty (and the where withal) to travel where he would for two years. And Jim had made good use of his time, seeing most of what was beet worth seeing in Europe. But Jim had always loved the freedom and freshness of bush life, and was glad enough to return to Werriba, throwing himself heartily into the work of the station, which at this time was beginning to show signs of neglect and mis management. Then, as the years passed on, and as each day found the 'boss' more un willing and unfit to look after affairs, Jim bad become the actual manager of Werriba, though hampered at every turn by foolish interference and irritable fault- finding. On the veranda of the ' Royal' or on the ' grounds' at show times Fenton would boast loudly enough of having the smartest dearest-headed superintendent on the Downs, 88 well as the 'boldest rider and best judge of a horse' in the country; but at home, over the accounts, at the washpool, in the xhed, or out on the ran, Jim's temper was sorely tried; and only the memory of past kindness and of all he owed to Uncle James kept him at Werriba. ' Poor old buffer! it's only his liver,' was the usual conclusion arrived at after any specially trying day. «It is only his liver, and, one comfort, he is never nasty to the mother or Mary.' Mrs. Erie stood on the veranda to watch the two as they rode away. Mary, looking her best in a perfectly fitting riding habit, is mounted on Hotspur, a magnificent bay, who is curveting and prancing along, fretting a little at the curb, as if to remind her that this is the first time she has ridden him for more than a fortnight. Jim, spick and span in white flannels and faultless top-boots, rides his favourite Black Don, chatting away easily as they cantor through the blood wood paddook and across the open, out on to the apple-tree ridges, but Mary is silent and preoccupied. At last he gets tired of having all the talk to him self, and stops abruptly. 4 What's wrong with you, Mary ? What are you thinking about r" She gavo a little start; she had been think ing. ' Those tomatoes! I know cook will put cayenne pepper in, and Unolo James will swear.' ' Confound the tomatoes! I knew you were not listening to one word I was saying. Look here, Mary! I know you believe that the way to an Englishman's heart is down his throat, but' ♦ Well, isn't it ?' ' Not to an Australian's, anyway. Of courso a fellow expects bin wife to be a good cook and all that' 4 Of coarse ho does..' ' But when he feels inclined to talk to a girl about things which really interest him it is aggravating to find that her thoughts are in the kitchen with her stewpans.' Mary 1 s mouth twitched. Much Jim knows about her thoughts ! ' I beg your pardon, Jim ; you were speaking about Alice's voice— soprano, isn't it?' 1 I suppose that is what they call it, but it is just like a bird's, bo sweet and clear. You should hear her sing "I canna' mind my wheel, mother." We will get hnr to sing it to-night.' ' To-night:' Wo shall have to leave soon after dinner; tho moon rises about 8 o'clock, does it not V ' ' Oh, I say, Mary ! '—Jim has tho grace to colour a little, and speaks rather fast—' I told tho mother that most likely we would stay to night and ride over boforc breakfast in the morning.' Mary's face is unmistakably clouded now. ' I think you might have mentioned this little arrangement before,' she says; ' I have no par ticular wish to spend this warm evening in my heavy riding habit.' 1 Oh, Alice can lend you a dress. No, by Jove, though, I'm afraid it wouldn't do ;' and Jim explodes at tho idea of Mary's well-pro portioned form partially arrayed in fairy Alice Hawthorne's fashionable garments. ' Never mind, Mary, you look better in your habit than in anything else. A girl with a perfect figure always doen.' ' Thank you,' murmurs the owner of the perfect figure. ' I suppose it is rathei heavy and incon venient, but that does not matter bo much.' 1 Oh ! of coune, not in the very least,' and Mary bursts into a merry laugh. ' Nothing matters, does it Jim ? so long as you can have your own way and a good time generally. So if my habit tines trip me up, or weigh me down, I'll take comfort in remembering that in some small degree I am fulfilling tho mission tor which woman was created—helping to make life pleasant for man.' They are out on tho open again, crossingl a small plain, carpeted with bluebells and vetches of every shade of purple, with hero and there a tuft of white. Before them lies the Glenferry homestead, a largo low cottage, almost hidden by gigantic weepinj? willowe. A mixed chorus of children and dogs greets them as they ride up to the veruuda. Aa they dismount, a fairy figure, n vision of toft muslin, blue ribbons, and Huffy golden hair, flutters through the open French window and holds Mary in enthusiastic embrace. ' Oh, you darling, so you have come at last. lam no glad. Mother, here is Mary at last.." Mrs. Hawthorne comes forward, a child's sock with a darning ncedlo hanging therefrom in her hand, and greets the girl with v motherly kiss, which is heartily returned. Jim lingers a moment before leading tho horses round to the stables, and Alice turns to him. 'Is that the Don? What a beauty." and she strokes hia glossy neck with soft caressing touch. Jim gazes wistfully at the tiny white hand. If only he were Don just at that moment! 'Yes," he says, "I brought him over for you to ride, and will leave him for a mouth or bo if your father will lend me something ta carry mo over in the morning. He is us easy as a rocking-chair, and as safe as—as a baby. A perfect lady's hack. You will be delighted with him, I am aura.' ' How good you are !' says Alice softly ; and Jim, as he leads the hones away, feels that ho is more than repaid for his trouble, even if ho has to walk home again. In the meantime Mary has taken off her hat, smoothed her brown hair, and made herself look m cool aa the heavy cloth habit will let her; and is quite ready for the afternoon tea when the tray comes in. Alice dispenses it gracefully, and Jim drinks hia as if it were neotar. Poor young man! he is very far gone. Presently the children come in (this houso s wannß with children of all ages aud sizes), and in spite of Alice's protestations they drag Mary off to see the new pony, Dot's guinea pigs, Iho little ducklings, &o.; * Get me a hut, Nullio; I'll come with you,' aays Alice. 'Don't want you; you are too grown up,' replies Nellie, a fat rosy child of cloven, with hair Dropped short like a boy's. ' And, besides, you called the dear guinea pigs "nasty dirty little things."' • And down by the barn it is far too muddy for your stupid French boots,' chimes in Master Bob, a thin lanky boy, a year older than Nollie, and her chosen mate in all misohief. Alice turns to Jim with a pretty shrug of hor shoulders and a smile. •Then you and I are left to amuse each other. Come and see my ferns.' Jim follows, nothing loth, and Bpends the next half-hour in listening to her sweet voioe, admiring her lyco podiums and begonias, thinking the while what • sunny temper she has, and how patiently she bears with those rude children. In the evening they all adjourn to the veranda, where the men smoke their pipes in peace, and have a comfortable talk over things in general and station matters in particular ; the probable change of Ministry, resumption of runs, freo selectors, washpools, shearing in the grease, price of wool, &c;, &c; and then Mr. Haw thorne asks Alice to sing, so the ladies go into the drawing-room, and Jim follows. '" I canna mind my wheel, mother," ' he pleads, ' I want Mary to hear it/ ' I feel so nervous singing before Mary,' sho answers softly, ' I know she will quiz.' But Mury islistening to Mrs. Hawthorno upon the sock and stocking question. ' Yes,' that lady is saying, 'my dear, sixty pairs a week is a number to darn, but I like doing them myself; it is lazy work, you know. Alice doesn't liko darning, and besides I do not oare to take her from her practising and painting. Listen ! You will be pleased with her singing, I know.' As the first notes of the dear soprano fall on her ear, Mary Erie fully realises the charm of a sweet highly-cultivated voice, perfect articu lation, and expression. She does love music, and this is good music, but somohow sho would have enjoyed it more if Jim had been out on the veranda with the other men, instead of standing there looking down at Alico with all his soul in hia honest brown eves. Mary was irritable this evening. The last verso quite jarred upon her, and as with the refrain, • You know not what my heart must know, you caro not what I feel,' Alice raised her blue eyes to meet hie passionate gaze, Miss Erie feels that she would like to box her ears. Then of sourse Mary is asked to sing. ' Give us that song I brought from Molbourrip,' commands Jim. So she sings 'The Living Dead' in a voice which trembles a little nt fn>t but gaininsr confidence at each note, until iho sentence, 'For, after all, old things are best,' rings out sweet, clear, and defiant. • 1 never heard you aing bettor,' nays tho lordly Jim patronizingly. ' And how charmingly that nong suits jour voice!' murmurs Alice. But Mary in pale and quiet, and will not Bing any more, even though Mr. Hiwthorno begs hard for some of his old-fashioned favourites. • Good-night, Mary,' says Jim. • I expect you'll dream of those tomatoes.' 'Tomatoes! Shade of the immortal Pickwick! how lam getting mixed up with Mrs. Bardell !' thinks Mary grimly to herself as Bhe lies down to rest, to sleep or not, as the case may be, to lie toss ing about, thinking, crying ! No, she will not cry. Cry ! and let Jim see red eyes and palo cheeks iv tho morning ! He, of cource, would not understand, would probably think .-ho hud toothache ; but Alive would, and value h'-r prize all tho more that another woman's he; it wus broken iv the losing of it! Well! this evening was over; that was one comfort. What a coward she had been about this mooting, inventing ono trumpery excuso after another to poet pone the evil day. Now it had come, and she had seen with her own eyes what for the last six weeks she had known in her heart—that she had loot Jim Her Jim! he had always been hers. For sixteen yean, from the time she was just able to toddle about after him, he had been her hero. To please big brother Jim had been tho unrecognised aim of her life; the beginning and end of her happy little existence. And he had alwuys been graciously pleased to accept her homage, absorbing her childish devotion as his due, repaying it by affectionate patronage, which alternately took the form of petting or teasing, according to his mood. But somehow for tho last two years, and indeed ever since he returned from Europe with a huge brown moustache and deep bass voice, Mary had never called him 'brother Jim,' und bad skilfully avoided tho good-night kiss which used to be a matter of course. A sort of reserve—a fear which was yet not fear, a feeling strange, indefinable, uncom fortable, yet very sweet—had sprung up in place of the old sisterly freedom. She never tried to analyse it; never asked herself why her heart beat bo at the sound of his voice; why a carelessly spoken word of praise from him brought the happy tears to hor eyes ; why she never went to meet him when he came home, though she had been listening so for the sound of his horse's hoofs. No, sho never thought of the meaning of it all (Mary Erie was not given to thinking of herself) until three months ago, when pretty Alice Hawthorne had returned from a fashionable boarding-school in Mel bourne, and Jim had found it necessary to go to Glenferry for the mail each Tuesday and Friday, instead of sending a boy as heretofore. The two girls had been playmates as children, and Mary naturally bailed the advent of a girl about her own age, and had ridden over with Jim to give her cordial welcome. Alice had returned the visit, but there the intercourse halted, for Mary somehow felt rather repulsed than attracted by Miss Hawthorne's demonstrative affection; not to mention the fact that Jim, accustomed to using Mary as a convenient out let for his thoughts, had lately been drawing very heavily upon her patience in his enthusiastic admiration for the bine-eyed golden-haired fairy. While it was merely admiration, she could honestly echo his praises, and listen to discoveries of new charms after each successive visit; but when, in speaking of Alice, Jim's voice began to take a low reverent tone, his eyes a wistful look, Mary knew that the ad miration had deepened into love; and with an awful pain at her heart, a mixture of loneli ness, resentment, and shame, she realised that she had lost Jim—and that she was —jealous. It was a glorious morning, unusually cool for December, when they started back to Werriba. Alioe, looking fresh and dainty in her light pink dress, had been up to pour out their coffee. ♦I will be over early on Friday, if you will come for a ride,' says Jim as he mounts the bay cob which he has exchanged for Black Don. Alice's smile answers for her, and she waves her hand as they ride away. What a pretty picture she makes, standing there, framed in the trellised grape vines! Ohaptkb 11. The long ride is performed almost in silence. Jim ia far too happy to care to talk, but at last, just when they are coming in Bight of the wool s W.he turns to her suddenly: •Well, Mary?' • Yes,' she says, answering tho inquiry in his tone, ' she is perfectly charming.' 41 knew you would say so. I knew you oould not help loving her when you saw more of her. She is so warm- hearted, so nnaffooted, bo" ' Have you spoken to her yet?' Mary's gray veil is thiok, and Jim is much too absorbed in the contemplation of his idol to notice the slight quiver in her voice. • Not yet, but she understands. Oh, Mary! what have I ever done, that a girl like that should care for mo ?' < Perhaps a girl cares more for what a man is than for what he does. Then, you are not absolutely ugly, Jim Erie/ • Don't chaff a fellow, Mary; it isn't fair, and I want to talk sense. You know it is no use my speaking to Mr. Hawthorne until I sco my way. Of course I could not bring her here, but if the boas would be persuaded to get another superintendent for Werriba, and let mo take tho management of Woorroo, I might tnake a comfortable place there ; it is not too far away. A good house, and grand garden. I will talk it over with Uncle the first time I can pet him in a good humour ; but that is not so easy, he has been in a ohronic state of aavagenost* with me lately. Goodness only knows why. However, savage or not, he will have to listen to reason and arrange something. You know, although I have been managing here for more thau two years, he ha« never given mo any fixed salary. Not that it mat tered before, but now' • Yen,' says Mary. • Yes 'is stupid, but aho does not know what olso to say. They are now nearly home, and are ju«t turning in through the gates, when another buggy, followed by a man leading spare horses, approaches from tho opposite direction. • Why, Mary, there are tho Daltons—just in time for breakfast; I know lam quite ready fjr mine !' 'How provoking! Now we shall have them all day,' says Mary, as her cheek flushes hotly under the gray veil. Yet the Daltons, father and son, receive a ■pleasant welcomo an they meet at the breakfast ■tablo. Mr. Dalton, sen., explains their putting in an appearanco ho early : •We camped last night at St. Ormes .and got a Btart at daylight. You nee, mnco that sunstroke, I do not care about travelling in the heat of tho day. So we • decided to spell our horses and enioy ourselves until evening, and be off again when the moon arises. We shall need to get to Gatton to breakfast to-morrow, if we mean to catch our boat.' Ned Dalton looks gratefully at his father. It is so good of the governor to take the onuH of this arrangement on himself, when, in truth, he, Ned, had schemed so to secure the long day with Mary Erie, especially as this would bo the last chance. He and his father were going down to Sydney en route for the old oountry. Ftiiiton and the elder Dalton were very old friends, and were glad of an idle day together, looking over the woolshed, drafting-yards, &c;, talking sheep and shop) generally; but in the evening, as tho two men sat on tho cool veranda over their pipes, Fenton began to talk freely of his affairs, and to ask for that which ho so rarely took—advice. 4 Come into the office,' he said at length; ' I want you and Ned to witness my will.' As they pamed down the veranda, through the open windows of the drawing-room, they could see Mrs. Erie dozing peacefully in her arm chair, an open book on the small table beside her, Mary seated at the piano, playing softly with one hand, while Ned Dalton bent over her talking earnestly. (Jim had boon out on tho run all day, and had not yet returned.) • How will that do ?' laughs Mr. Dalton, as he settles himself comfortably and lights a fresh pipe. • D it all!' says Unole James, with start ling energy. • Fenton." 41 beg your pardon, old man; but you see I had other notions about Mary. If Jim wasn't such a d d fool But, there, it is no use talking of that; and your Ned is a good fellow. So, if the girl likes him, he will get a deuced fine girl for a wife, and she won't go to him empty handed either. I havo taken care of that, as you will see. Now I will just read over my will. Then you and Ned can witness it. I shall be glad enough to get that settled and off my mind.' • Why, what is your hurry ?' • Oh, a man never knows. See here, Dalton; the last time I was in the township I had a fit. Mrs. Erie doesn't know it, nor Mary. No use frightening the women; but whon I came home I just sat down and made my will. There is the first one, made three months ago, but I am going to throw that one into the fire. You see, I had divided everything between Mary and Jim, but I'm hanged if he shall have a sixpence now. Here is what I mean to do.' Mr. Dalton glanced over the document handed to him. It was clearly and concisely worded, leaving Werriba, together with all his other possessions, subject to a liberal annuity for Mrs. Erie, to his niece Mary. ' You see, I must get this settled, because I have a nephew down in Viotoria who might put in his oar if anything happened to me. I haven't an idea what sort he is, but from all accounts he has more than enough as it is' 4 Why, Fenton, this is monstrous! Have you gone off your head ? After bringing Jim up to consider himself your heir—l have beard you tell him so when he was quite a little chap, and you have told his mother the same thing often enough—to out him off like this! Do you really expect me to be a party to such injustice ? Why, what has the lad done to turn you so against him ?' ' What has he doneP Gone against me in the one thing I had set my heart upon. He is a fool, sir, a d fool; fallen in love with that Hawthorne girl, a mincing affected chit, not fit to darn my Mary's stockings! Does he think she shall ever have the spending of my money? Not if I know it, sir! 4 Now. Fenton, be reasonable. Show me the other will.' 4 There! take it, and light yonr pipe with it! I cannot tell you how that boy has disap pointed me." 4 Disappointed you! Why, where can you find a finer all-round fellow than Jim Erie 'r* 4 Oh, I know all that; but he thwarts me in everything, and it is rough on me. I was so proud of the youngster, and, begad, he's ashamed of me now—he is ! I can see his look if I happen to take a glass or two extra and carry on a bit. I never set up for a saint, but to see Jim looking down on me is just a little too much. Here, give me that will.' 4 Not until Ned and I have both witnessed it. Fonton, you and I were boys together, and I will not help you to do this wrong. Sit down, man, quietly and talk it over.' So they do, for more than an hour, when Uncle James, utterly vanquished, says as he rise 9 to call Ned Dalton into the office: ' After all, there's no use denying that the whisky is at tho bottom of it all; it plays the mischief with my liver and makes me as savage an a bear with a sore head ; but I've made up my miud to give it up after to-nigtit. I won't touch another drop for six months, not for six months, sir!' The moon has risen. The will dividing the property equally between Mary and Jim (in case of the death of either the suvivor to havo all) has been signed. The buggy is at the door; Ned Dalton, reins in hand, waiting for bin father. Poor fellow! he will be glad to get away. Away from Werriba, from Mary, from himeelf, if only that oould l>e. He has had a very bad quarter of an hour, and really under stands at ]a*fc that Mary Erie will bo his true friend always ; hi« wife, never! 4 Here, Ned,' Hays Uncle James, 4 come nnd have a nip before you go. Dalton, which is it —brandy or whisky ?' 4 Neither, thank you.' 4 Oh! come along, man; you don't go off like that; come and drink success to your voyage.' 'Fenton,' says his old friend gravely, as Uncle James pours out a stiff half tumbler for himself and pushos the bottlo across to him, 4 Fenton, remember you have promised me to give tliia up.' ' Yoh, ufter to-night, for fix months, «ir ; but I mu^t ju«t jrivo resolution a treat.' In pur suance of which brilliant idea, when the Pultons arc gone, and Mary i* huvinjr a jrood womanly cry in her own room, he currieHthe bottle off to the office to finish it comfortably there, where be sits, beaming with Bati>faction upon tho will lying upon too table—duly signed and attested .—written on an ordinary sheet of lottor paper—a very insignificant looking document to carry ho much weight. Presently he folded it carefully, put it in an envelope, and took it into his own room, where he placed it on the mantel opposite his bed. • There, lie said; 'if I waken in the night I shall see that, to remind me that I've got it fairly settled. Poor old Jim! lam glad Dalton wouldn't let me do it!' ' Jim, Jim !' It was his mother's voice, and Jim sat up in bed, and rubbed his eyes. He had come in very tired, and had been sleeping heavily. * What's wrong, mother ? Are you ill ?' ' No, dear, but I want you to go to Uncle James's room ; he is breathing bo strangely. I think he must be ill; perhaps it is nightmare.' ' All right, mother, I'll come directly.' Mrs. Erie goes back to her room and waits. She feels strangely nervous. The minutes scorn so long as she listens to hear Jim come out of hi* unclo's room, but he passes out on to the voranda, and presently nho hears him out at the stables speaking to the groom. Ho comes back very quietly, but she meets him at the door. ' What is wrong, Jim ? Is it a fit ?' * Hush !' he says. And she sees that his faco is deadly pale. 'Go back to bed, mother, darling.' • What is it ? Is he ill ? Let me go to him.' ' Mother'—Jim puts his arm round her, and holds her close—' Uncle James is dead.' Chapteb 111. Four months later, out in the wild western country, Jim Erie sits by the camp fire, smoking his pipe, and musing on many things. Four months! Is it only four months since that awful night at Werriba ? Can it be only four months since that summer morning when he had looked back to see Alice Hawthorne waving her hand to him and Mary as they rode away ? Four months ! It seems to Jim that a lifetime has passed since then, yet the pretty graceful figure is fresh in his mind as if it were but yesterday. There has been no later picture to blot out the memory of it, for that was his last look at Alice—the last glimpse of sunshine before night settled like a pall around him. In fancy he is living the weary days over again now— his grief at the sudden death of the gruff old man, who after all had been suoh a kind friend to him—the long unavailing search for a will (he knew one had existed), and at last the con viotion that Uncle James had destroyed it— had carried his resentment to the bitter end; and his (Jim's) awakening to his real position —penniless, without profession, unfitted for any life but this, whioh could be his no longer, —nothing left but ready hands and active brain. Well, ho could work, and he would. Happily Mrs. Erie had £200 a year of her own, so she and Mary were safely, though meagrely, provided for. A man could always rough it—but Alice ? Oh ! it was hard, hard ! his ideal happiness had seemed so near, almost within touch—and now it must be long weary years before he could hope to win his way to a home worthy of her. He was glad to remember that he had not tied her down to any definite engagement; it was such a different "life now that he had to offer; and, though his heart sickened with hope deferred, he pulled himself together like a man. It wat only hope deferred, and with Alice for his goal he felt it in him to compel fortune. He resolutely kept away from her during the first few days of uncertainty, but when more than a week had passed, and he know the worst, he could bear it no longer, and rode over to Glenferry. He can feel now the sickening disappoint ment when they told him Alice could not see him; was lying down with a bad neuralgic headache. He waited a week longer, and then rode over again, to learn that Bhe had gone for a three months' visit to Melbourne. Poor old Jim! ho smiles grimly to himself as ho recalls the feeble excuses he made to bolster up his failing faith. It was his own fault—he had not opoken plainly; she was too maidenly to appear to seek him ; now he could only write. Even now, in the dim firelight, his sunburnt face flushes hotly as he recalls that foolish hopeful letter whioh had come straight from his heart. He oould say every word of the answer. No wonder, Jit was so short, and so very clear. • She sympathised so deeply,' • approved Jim's resolution to carve his own way,' and ' was quite certain of his success,' ' but was deeply grieved, and a little astonished,'' that Jim oould tor one moment have doubted the 'sisterly nature of her regard for him.' ♦ Though, even had she loved him, she must still have felt it her duty to decline fettering herself and him by a long indefinite engage ment,' ' would always take a sisterly interest in hiB welfare,' &c;, &c;, &c.; Ah ! well! He was not the first man, and would certainly not bo the last, who had trusted to « woman's truth, and found it a broken reed. Then Eric Fenton, tho heir-at-law, had come up from Melbourne, and Jim recalls the grim sort of pride ho had taken in giving delivery of everything he had always considered his own to a man already so wealthy that the acquisi tion of Werriba really affected him very little. What a splendid fellow Eric was! How gentle and considerate he had been to Mrs. Erie and Mary; what tact he had shown in all the new arrangement*, and how earnestly he had tried to persuade them all to remain at Werriba, with Jim as superintendent. Mrs. Erie had approved —it was by far the best opening for Jim —but his heart was too sore ; he could not accept from a stranger what was his own by right—and Mary upheld him. So now tbe two women who loved him best were vegetating on £200 per annum in a cottage near Toowoomba, while he was droving Bheep through country parched up with drought, and Bwurming with nativo ilogs. • Hallo ! what's that 'r' Only a black snake about Ift. lonsr, which, finding the fire too hot, has just crawled out of a hollow lojr. Jim seizes his stirrup-leather, and in the skirmish which ensue* for the moment quite forirets travelling sheep, drought, dingoes, and Alice Hawthorne. The long drought has broken up at last. Vivid tints of green have chased the dull brown shale from the face of Nature, and the faces of squatters and farmers brighten too as they hail the welcome nhowera which are to save their flocks and crops alive, and their families from ruin. The rain comes too late for some of them. On more than one station the losses cau be counted by tons of thousands. Werriba, lightly stocked, has suffered com paratively little, and Glenfcrry, a well-watered run, is sending drafts of fat sheep to Brisbane ' You can hear the grass growing,' declares Mr. Hawthorne, who has dropped in at tho cottage to have a chat with his old neighbour. * You and Mary ought to coino out to Glenferry for a week or so.' Mrs. Erie shakes her head. 'Why not 'i The cottage won't run away. I sapposo there is a key to the back door? What do you say, Mary 'r' • It might do mother good,' says Mary, hor face flushing with sudden longing for a gallop over tho plains. ' Yes, that is just what Fenton was saying to me yesterday; ho wants you both to go to Werriba. He says tho town air doesn't suit Mrs. Erie. By the way, what a real good fellow that is ! We all started with a grudge against him on Jim's account, but we have got over that now. My youngsters are awfully fond of him, and so is the wife. He ofteu ridea over on Saturday evenings and stays Sun day with us.' In spite of all her efforts Mary'a mouth will twitch. Of course Erio Fenton spends his Sundays at Glenferry. Toowoomba is not a whit behind any other one-horse township in point of gossip. And pretty Alice Hawthorne's easy transfer of affeotion from one master of Werriba to another has naturally been freely discussed. But Mr. Hawthorne —good man— is all unoonscious. • What news from Jim ?' he asks presently. 'We had a letter yesterday, written before tke rain oame. He was well, bat gives a most dismal account of the country out West; feed and water awfully scarce, ana the sheep barely able to travel. Still he writes in good spirits. It takes something to depress Jim, you know/ Mary's eyes are bent carefully upon her work, but there is a very suspicious flush on her cheek. She is thinking, perhaps, of one bit of that letter, a loose scrap which she had not shown Mrs. Erie. This is what Jim said: 'Last week I oame across Bob Alison travelling with store cattle, and camped the night with him. He gave me any amount of Downs gossip, which I appreciated, not having heard much of that sort for months. One little item of news, I think, you might have given me, knowing how interested I am in tho Hawthorne family. So Erie is taking my place in good earnest, appropriating my "bright particular star" as well as my fortune. How thorough he is—doing nothing by halves! Mary, why did you give me no hint of this f Wero you afraid of hurting nic ? My dear, there was no need. I think if you had heard us laughing over the camp fire, even your anxious little soul would have been satisfied that your boy is not quite heart-broken. Nor yet, if ono must speak truth, can he swear that he is quite heart-whole, for he finds himself very often haunted by a pair of true gray eyes, and a woman's voice, which sings "After all, old things are best."' But Mr. Hawthorne is going. < Well,' he says, in parting, 'make up your minds to spend a fortnight at Glenferry. I will call in to-morrow, to see if you oan oome back with me. The waggonette is in town, and I shall not go before Friday.' It is quite early next morning, not more than 0 o'cloak, when Mr. Hawthorne's step is heard on the veranda. Mary goes out to meet him. 'We are coming,' she says eagerly. ' I am so glad, but— What is the matter, Mr. Haw thorne ? Are you ill V • Wh9re is your mother, Mary P Has she Haven't you seen the Courier to-day ?' His face is white; his lips tremble. 1 Tell me,' she say s—• Jim I" It is over now. She has road it. Read it over and over again, until every one of tho cruel lines seems burnt into her soul; and nho knows that Jim is dead—that in all this great, wide, desolate world there is no place for him. She has read how his body was found, floating down the Htroam, three miles from the crossing, where the keeper of the shanty had warned him that it was not safe—that the current was too strong—and urged him at least to wait for day light But .... Jim v dead! Chapter IV. Jim is dead ! Jim ia dead! The words seem to beat like a pendulum through her brain tin the weary daya drag on, Rtilling her into the sort of dull hopeleMH apathy, with which h!>c ■ takes up her daily round of simple duties, pe» forming them all as carefully and naturally an if life still held any meaning for her. Mrs, Erie clingH to Mary for help and comfort, and! finds both without stint. Erio Fenton in very kind, and, ub the weeks paps on, half- shyly urges them to come to "VVerriba. And the townsfolk are a littlo scandalised when tho invitation is accepted. How can they bear to go back so soon to a place which is just full of sad memories '( Ah, they could not understand tho craving which the jrirl felt to be oiwo morn at AVerriba, where nvory tree, every room, even tho very pattern* on tho wall-pnporH, feeinod to apeak of Jim. The place looked much as it did when they had left it nearly a year ago. Eric had made few changes on the station, hnd re tained the old overweer, storekeeper, and most of the hands. Tho same old cook welcomed them with tears in her eyes ; the same thin housemaid brought the tea tray; the scent of the honeysuckle came in from the veranda, and in the boughs of the peach tree beyond a blue taile.l wren coquetted gaily with his mate. Were they the same pair t>he and Jim had; watched laist year '< All wan unchanged. Only - the soul had gone out of it. And so neven weeks passed over. M;iry )>Hd counted them, counted vvery day, and r] r ducted it from the weary sum of tho life whii-h wined no interminably lonjr to live through, when one day Eric returned from Glenforry in a ntuto of jubilant excitement. It was mail day ;he . always went over for the letters himself, ap parently glad of that natural excuse for a visit. All through dinner he seomed qurer and abstracted, pilinpr all aorta of incongruous edibles upou his plate, but eating nothing, not even seeming to notice tho deeautrr of sherry at his elbow. ' Come and hit on tho veranda,' he said when tho meal was over. ' You don't mind my pipe? And I want to talk to yon.' Mary took possession of tho low o<ino chair •which ho drew forward for her, and he seated himself on tho edge of the veranda, his back against one of the posts, but remained ho loug silent that she had forgotten he was there, and quite started whon lie spoke. •Mary, don't you think this is an awfully tumblo-down old shop: • No,' she says ; • I think the house is quite good enough for an absentee owner, especially when he happens to be a bachelor.' * But that is ju-<t it. Supposing I doti't mean to be a bachelor any longer ?' Mary's heart gave an indignant throb. Alico coming to reign in the home which had been Jim's ! 'No, Mary; I have waited three years— quite long enough.' She drew a long breath. Three years ! It is only about ten months since he first came to Werriba! 4 Yes. You see I have cared for Bessie (Bessie Clare her name is) ever since she was a child; but she is an only daughter, and tho mother is an invalid. My girl wouldn't leave her. We have been engaged over sinco her seventeenth birthday. I often wanted to tell you, but somehow there seemed so little hope. Three years in an awful time to wait; but to-day I got a letter. Mrs. Clare's sister (bless the dear old maid!) has como out from England to livo with and tako care of her. So Bessie writes that I may come down an soon as I like after shearing.' 4 Oh, Eric, lam so glad ! but—but' 'I know what you aro thinking of—but indeed there is not much fear of Miss Haw thorne troubling her pretty head about me, though she might cast a regretful thought to Werriba. Besides, do you think Ido not know how she treated our dear old Jim ?' They Bat on the veranda, talking, until it was quite late, Mary getting quite animated in her interest in Eric's plans for lenovating and beautifying the old house, to make it fit for his bride. Bessie was so anxious to see hio bush home, and he would bring h«r there to upend the honeymoon. •You will have to help me, 1 Erio says. • How do I know about all the jimcracks a girl likes?' So the next morning he makes her go all over the place with him, deoiding whioh old rooms are to bo pulled down, which papered and painted. Eric's enthusiasm quite infected Mary. And Mrs. Erie muled to herself, as she looked in at them through the open door of what Uncle James had called his 4den,' a Bmall room opening from his bedroom, tho fireplace of which projeoted into it, forming a recess, used as a cupboard. This cupboard had been a constant bone of contention between herself and her brother-in law, aa he flatly refused to allow brush or duster to interfere with the contents of his pet veoeptaole for rubbish, whioh had naturally, fin course of time, become tho abiding-place of eookroaohes and silver fish, not to mention mice and larger vermin. It is decided that this room is to be metamorphosed into a dressing-room, and the old cupboard is to (some down. Mary kneels on tho floor, turning out tiio miscellaneous collection of rubbish it con fcains. Gun wada, empty cartridges, oily rags, empty medicine bottles, old magazines, stray numbera of Punch, worn-out boxing-glovea, tobacco pouches, &c;, &c;, come tumbling out in confusion. Erio catohes at a yellow-baok novel with half the pages torn out, and balancing himself on the edge of a rickety old table i 8 soon absorbed, while May goeß on tidying. Presently sho tosaee a littlo packet across to him, paying: • There is something in that envelope, but it is not addressed, and the mice have eaten one corner off. Shall I throw it into the fire, too ?" And without waiting for au answer she dives into the cupboard again. 'There!' she says, rising from her cramped Sostiion and straightening herself, • that's all. Tow Jane can come and burn up all tho rubbish.' ♦ Yes, tiow.' And to her utter astonishment Mary finds her dusty self seizod round the waist and enthusiastically kissed. 4 Oh, I beg your pardon !' nays Eric, laugh ing, ' but I Inul to do mmwtliiinj, and you did look so delightfully unconscious! Mary, my bonnio heiress ! don't you guess what this in ?' So, after all, that sheet of pupor, which had em«ii power to chaugo tho current of their lives, die loss of which had sent Jim Erie out into the far West to lind his gravo, thii ' last will and testament,' for which such search had been made, had all the time been forming part of a mouse's uoet. Tho solution of tho inyHtery was so vorv Mroplo now they had tho koy. Mrs. Krlo oould now remember that during the first day after Mr. Fenton's death sho had seen a paper on the mantol in his room—seen without notic uugit. Now the room was very old, and tho woodwork of tho mantel shrunken away from t\\\o fireplace. Tho envelope had jiiit clipped Uitweeu the mantol aud the wall, and some oaterpriHiug mouse had drawn it down into tho cupboard. So now Mary was mistress of Werriba, and entxoiy never did man resigu possession with beOxr grace thau Eric Fenton. who did, how over, suggest that, as Bessie had beeu the 'inno cent e*u.«e' of his losing Werriba, the least Miss Erie <;ould do by way of oompenx'ition was to invito them both for a long visit after Choir marriage. But tho heiress took her honours very quietly. Jim was dead, and nothing olso could ever nnuttor much vow. Chaitkk V. ' Have y«n Hurujd tho inuil-b.ur yet, Ifury '! Aro tliero miy l».%t(tor<« tor me "r* •On tho table hi tiio office, mother,' she answers, as «he iia.ssen quickly dowii the vwanda to her own room, the door of which aiie locku, jaud throwing heraelf into a low chair beside the bed draws out a letter. The coal is still un broken, yet she seems in no haste to open it, but sith there guzing at the envelope with wild startled eyes. How well she knows every turn of the heavy down strokes and the queer flourish of tho Win ' Worriba.' The sight of that handwriting has often made her heart bent fast beforo now, but never like this—fur it is Jim's—and Jim is dead! A letter from tho dead ! Is she going mad? Oh, is it all Boino horrible mistake? Somo hideous night mare from which she is just awakening? Is he then living—her Jim—aud coining back to her? Ah, poor Mary ! sho has forgotten how long it takes for letters to travel from tho far-off West, where posts aro few and irregular, and creeks impassable. With fnveribh hopo she tears the envelope open, and tho very first word sends her back to despair, for it was dated ' Isisford, 20th September.' The 20th? This was then his last messago—it was on the 23rd that they had fouud him. The letter was a long one. After a few words about the flooded stato of the country, ho went on to say, ' I have somo news which will, I think, rathei astonish you. One of those letters which you forwarded was from Ned Dnlton. It seems they have been travelling about in America, and never heard of uncle's death until a day or two beforo ho wrote. Mary, ho de clares that that hibt night at Werriba he and his father witnessed a will, and aro prepared to swear to it. If that bo so (but it is no use thinking about it until I get down), it is a comfort to know that tho dear old fellow thought kindly of me at tho last.' 41 am glad you knew that, my Jim,' she thinks to herself. Then he tells of his difficulties, crossing sheep, &c;, beforo tho creeks came down. ' However, they are all over safely now, and a good job too, for the river is a banker. I should not bo horo to-night only all our tea and sugar got washed away down stream, so I have come back for rations. I mean to cross again, to get back to tho sheep to-night, for this is a wretched place to camp at. Don't let the mother be anxious if you near nothing of mo for the next two or three months. I must pvuh on to find grass for the sheep, and after we leave here we shall be quite out of ken of post or telegraph A poor fellow has just come in cold and wet, has lost his ewag, and hasn't a dry Btitch to put on. Fortunately, a lot of my things are here, so I am going to rig him out. He is a new chum, about my own age and size.' .... Mary read no farther. She sprang up, and commenced pacing up and down the room ; her eyes seem blinded, her heart throbbing almost to suffocation. What what was this? 4 About my own ago and sjze.' ' llig him out in my clothes.' Oh, was it possible? Was it possible ? Mary Erie ha 9 borne sorrow quietly—bravely. She dooa not know how to bear this wild maddeniug sort of hopo whioh sonds her blood rushing through her veins and her heart bounding and throbbing as if it must burst. Hope ? what hopo ? Surely she must be going mad. She cannot stay in the room, in the house. She must have air or she will suffocate. She catohes up her hat and presently finds herself down on the bank of the creek, under an old drooping willow. She was safe there. No one would pass that way, and she must be alone. No. Her mother must not soo that letter, must not know. Know what? No. She must not read it. Not yet. Sho had been bo resigned, bo patient, it would bo cruelty to disturb her calm with such a shadowy hope, which indeed was only a wild visionary idea. But the idea took possession of Mary, body and soul. As the days and nights passed, she neither ate nor nlopt; tho demon of uurost claimed her. The dull despair of tho last few weeks had been bearable. Thi* was torture. Mrs. Erie watched her with puzzled anxiety. Her eyes grow big and eager, and her cheek burning with feverish crimson. Tho strain was killing hor. All day and all night sho was listening and waiting—for what ? •A telogram, Miss Mary, and the boy says thoreis £2 sa. to pay.' ' The telegraph boy has como all the way out here ? It must bo very urgent. What a pity Mr. Fenton will not be back to-night. Some thing wrong about those travelliug sheep, I expect.' • No, it is for you, Miss Mary, and tho boy says' •Take him round to the kitchen, and ask cook to give him some dinner, Jane.' Then she opens her telegram. It ia short, dated the previous day, and this iB what it sa yn : —« Leave Rockhampton to-night; hope to be home on Wednesday.—Jim Eule.' They are riding home from Glenferry in the moonlight—Mary on Hotspur, and Jim on old Black Don. Erio Fenton in driving Mrs. Erie in tho light buggy, talking happily to her of his plans, for on tho morrow ho starts down to Melbourne aud Bessie Clare. Thoy had gono over early, and spent a long day with tho Hiiwthornes, who received Jim enthusiu.-ti cally, and insisted on hi* repeating the now oft-told talo of his escape, and blissful igno ranco of the report of his death. 4 You see, 1 had pushed out about fifty miles, and found some splendid country ; so I just spelled the sheep there. Finest feed I over saw. Nevtr heard ono word about this until we got back to Isisford, where tho peoplo stared as if they had seen a ghost. Fortunately I had a good offer for tho sheep there, so I closed at onco, and did somo hard riding tho next few days. I did not care to telegraph until I knew how soon I could get home I have often wondered who that poor fellow was.' 'Somebody's boy,' said Mrs. Erie softly, with the fceura in her eyes. Alice was looking lovelier than ever in hor blushing delight at Jim's return. And as ho lingered with her in the fernery, or stood beside thi' piano, drinkinir in every tone of her sweet voice, surely the old spell was strong upon him ! And Alice, looking up into his eyes, r:uv that ho va< handsomer aud manlier than ever, and remembering, too, that he was the master of Werriha, for onco in her life whs sincere, and quite believed herself speaking tho truth when she «ttid — ' Oh, Jim . I know you were not doad—how could I have homo it else f Softly us tho words woro t-pokou, Mary hoard them, and turned ijuii-kly away, tli.it she miylit not. htiir tho answer. They have ridden several miles in silence, when Mary drops her whip, and Jim jumps ott to get it. I[c dues not remount, but stands there with tho bridle thrown over his arm, looking up at hor. 'Mary! why don't you say, "What a fool you are, Jim !"?' • No need if you are so conscious of it your* Solf.' • Well, say something. Don't sit there look ing like that!' ' I don't want to sit hero at all, Jim —I want to canter on. Tho others must bo three miles ahead.' ' I don't care if they are twenty! You must speak to m«. ' Well, I'm ready to speak as much as you like, if you will only let us move on. I'm Huro it in awfully lute!' ' Mary!' His voice is unsteady, and his eyos full of pleading. She will not tease him any more. 1 What is it, Jim 'r' she says in that sisterly tone she has boen carefully practising for the last week. ' You care for her still, then 'r' 1 Rather !' he says with startling energy. 4 Have you told her bo 'r' •I am telling her now! —Mary Erie, my first love—and my last. Will you give me my answer 'r' Mrs. Erie declares that the dearest wish of her heart is gratified. Eric Fcnton shrugs his broad shoulders and says : ' Poor misguided little Alice!' 