MY UNCLE'S GHOST, j BY FBAN'018 FOOTE. Ono rainy over.ing Inri week I lounged into my uncle's bachelor apartments nt the hotel for a talk and smoke. Ono of my uncle's hubbies was to bo surrounded nt all times by young men ; and, indeed, he sceincd little more than a boy himself in feelings, although he had parsed ids fiftieth birthday. And we wore all duvotod to 44 the major," as wo called him— I believe that was his title during the war. There was no one so willing to offer a helping hand when wo were in a college scrape; no ono who would loan money so readily when an allowancu fell short; there | was no one with such a fund of expcricnccR from which to draw for amusing or thrilling tales; and then his wines and cigars were unimpeachable, Ou tbis particular evening I found him stretched. out before tho fire, his eyes fixed reflectively upon tho ceiling, as. he blew huge rings of Smoke from bis pipe. " How aro you, Tom ?" he said, lazily ; 11 you've saved me from myself by coming in; 'It has been such a hasty sort of a day, and an evening like .this I always mope, and think of my ghost." ; < " Your ghost?" I echoed. "Why, yes ; you know I have the pleasure of owning one. D > you mean that I have never told you tho story ?" I Bay "No/'emphaticallyVand tho major's face grew radiant with the anticipated pleasure, for the one thing which ho enjoyed above nll'otbere wns a good story told by him self ; nnd they were always good. 41 Order whatever you wish, Tom," he said. "I'll tako a drop of brandy straight, -and you will find the best cigars on the tup shelf.". At last wo wero comfortably settled, and after a preliminary swallow of brandy ho began. 4 It was about fifteen yenra ago, and I was on my way to Chicago. The trains didn't go 1 right through as they do now, nnd slopped I oftcncr. It might biivo bccn'live o'clock in . the evening, and we bad ono more night to ride, when the train Ocean to slow up, finally stopping nt a small station, and a young , woman camo into the car. , . 11 The seats wero pretty well occupied, and when she rencbed mo she asked if she might have the other' half of mino. Of course I Bnid 4 Yes.' There was plenty of room, and she.only had a bit of a bag with ber. " You know I never was much on women, but I onn tell a nrettv ana when 1 see her. nnd a lady. 8 ho was both, although her dress was plnlnand black, and hergloves had been neatly mended in several places. I had a number of books and papers, the most en tertaining of which I offered her, arid when sho thanked mo. her voice was the sweetest I havo beard— low soft nnd musical, 44 By Jovo 1" said tho major, excitedly, as he reached for tho brandy, 44 1 know that woman, would sing with her whole soul ; she couldn't havo helped it with that voice. "Well," he continued, "she took up a book, but Bho didn't read much ; just turned tbo pages at random, and Bighcd softly to herself every Httlo while, as if she wero un happy or in troulilo. When tho conductor camo through sho called him and asked about a berth, " 4 1 am sorry,1 ho said ; 4 you should havo telegraphed. Wo nro vory full, and there is nothing but an upper one loft. You would llko a whole section?' "4 1 would,' she replied ; although a lower berth would do. You are sure you cannot ac commodate ine?' 4,4 I'm sorry, miss, but I don't sco how,' and that burly conductor did sdtbi sorry, out of sympathy, as ho saw tho troubled expres sion in the girl's face. 14 Then I spoke, — 4,1 1 havo a wholo section to myself,' I said, 'and I always prefer the uppir berth.; so if you will take the low I shall bo most happy to resign it to yon.' This wns a lie, for I had never slept in one before, but sbo was pretty enough and unhnppy enough to warrant a lie of . that kind. % " I shall never forget the glance she gnvo me. 1 bad not noticed her eyes before, but now they lit uip hor wholo'fnco. Tboy were a dcop violet, almost purple, with dark depths, ami thick black lashes which cost shadows on her pale cheeks. Yes, she was very pale, you would havo called hor ill until you saw her lips, which wore liko a strip of scarlet on tho snow. Another thing I noticed was a tiny scar, which looked as if It had been made by some shnrp instrument, just below her loft temple. "I tried to talk with her, for she Interested mo deeply, but although she nn9wcred moi pleasantly, she said nothing by which I could discover who she was, whero she was going, or why sho was travelling nlnno. 44 Just beforo It wns time to mnke up tho berth she grew very nervous, twisting nnd untwisting hor hands, and tupping her foot. She glanced at mo once or twico, but to all appearances I was deep in my book, 44 4 i'vo got to do It,' I heard her say In tbo faintest possiblo voice. Indeed, poor child, I don't bellcvo bo know that sho Bpoke aloud, so occupied was she with r hor own J thoughts. .'j. 4 ; I 14 in a few moments she spoke again, still talking to herself,— , j 4 4 Thcymust' never find him about tmp. It wonld spoil.all, and I would never— 44 1 lust the, next two words, but! they Bnuuded like' 4 disgrace him.' Sho seemed aware then that she had spoken aloud, nnd looked quickly nt me. 1 turned a pnga of my book nnd settled back farLhcr into my comer. ' Then she opened her little hngnnd took from It a picture. As near as I could niako out it was the likeness of an aristocratic young man with blue eyes and smiling Bps. "She looked 'at it for about fifteen minutes longingly, , passionately, then sho kissed it fervently under cover of her handker chief. 44 After that, she covered it with both hands, gave one little sob, nnd then began to j tear that picture into inch bits. ' 44 4 Ah, ah, a lover's quarrel j' I thought; and yet it didn't seen like that. It was too serious ; like a parting forever. : 41 In a little while she turned. to me. Sho waspalbr than ever, and tho old scar was brighter. "Will you please open, tbo window?' she nsked. 4 1 hnvo something to throat away.' ! "I did ns sho wished, and sho scattered! the fragments of that photograph to the four 1 winds. She drew a breath of relief. "'Now ttint . is over tbo rest will be comparatively easy,' she said this time to mc. " 4 What will be easy,' I ventured. Pardon mo for speaking my thoughts to n stranger,' she replied. 4 1 suppose I mean life will be cosier whilo wo live, and death when we die.' " 4 Life should always be cosy for one as young as yourself,' I said, gallantly. 44 Sho turned her beautiful eyes toward mo again, and her glance wns llko n shock from a battery. In their depths 1 saw both jov and sorrow, passiou and pain, while sho said, slowlv,— " Lifotobe cosy roust be sweet. Mine has been sweet, with an emphasis on the 4hn9beenf 4tou sweet to last; but now— well, nil will be right in the futuro, 1 bavo no fear. And sho turned away. 41 After that I couM only make her speak tn monosyllables. "At last that wholo car full liail settled I down for the nigbt to try anil gain the little I nut which might bo found. Everything I was tolerably quiet, and I shut my eyes and tried not to notice the jar of the train, or tbo occasional groan of the engine. 41 There was a little, scrnggly, pale Novem ber moon, wbicb gave roe a chill as 1 looked I at it, and made mo imagine all sorts of i crccpy things, I thought I heard a stifled sigh once or twice from tbo berth below. I even seemed to notice a faint, unpleasant odor. All my senses were abnormally active, ami ns 1 was an old traveller I was very much ashamod of myself. 4 When finally Idid sleep a Httlo It was to dream of a frightful accident, in which that pale, yellow moon and I bad a hand-to-hand tight to sco which of us should save the pretty girl, and during our struggle sho had nccn crushed uudcr the car. 44 i had importaut business a few stations this side of Chicago, but I lmd made up my rhind that I would havo a Httlo tnlk with tho young lady before I left the car. In the morning when I arose I wont to tho front platform for uomo fresh air. When I entered tho car again almost nil my fellow-passen gers wtre visible, but that berth under mine was just ab it had been all night, tho girl had ' not yet appeared'; could sho bo ill? I was i very near my stopping-pinco— I could not go I without saying good-by. Tho porter passed I through. I called to liira and told him that I there was a lady in that berth who lmd not yet been heard from. She might ho sick. 11 IIo went to the berth directly, nnd'made I one startled cxclnmntion. The passengers began to crowd around. There she lay,- the I lashes resting thick on her cheeks, her lip3 still that wonderful dash of red, but her face was like marble, her bauds were ice, and hor. heart— ah i there was no action there. She wns dead I ; 44 By her side was a bottle half-filled with laudanum., which showed- that she had taken hcrown life. . ; "I did not wait for anything more, to hear the criticisms ami the. questions as to. who she was, nnd why sho did it. ' I just took ono long, parting look, and touched her pretty brown hair; then 1 went out to tho platform again, and remained there until I readied my station." The major rooked violently' for a few moments. " 44 But .where doea tho ghosb come in?" I asked at length, , . . . . , ghost 1" ho said, with a suggestion of passion in his voice, which I had' never heard tbero before ; 44 she is the ghost. Her pale faco, black dress, and ; violet eyes, havo haunted mo tnoro or less ever bIqco, I can hear her sweet, musical voice as plainly.ito- day, when I will allow mysolf, as 1 did then, and it wasllfteon years ago, There isaplnco in my ueart now lor tuoso poor nuio mcnaca gloves, which wore in themselves a pathetic story. 41 1 am never on duty at night that she does not staud before me with that little troubled expression, and that plendlng. look, until I reach out ray arms to touch her, then she vanishes, nnd I know it was— you will say an illusion, a fancy — I call it ber ghost. 44 How. many times have I wished that in Bomo way I had gained possession of that man's picture. 1 would have pasted them together if it had taken half a lifetime and then I would have found him, I would bavo rcvonged that poor girl for tho wrong he bad i done/ Yes, wrong, for I know that in some way ho had driven her to her death, Per haps that is why t have never married. I can't toll. I only know that I bavo never yet met a women who could bo to me what her memory is ; nud I saw her but once ; sho was not even a name to me ; of herself, ber character, 1 know nothing, and I.Am called a man of tho world. 41 And yet, boy," lie exclaimed, turning to me, his face gray with passion, " I am happier on a dark, stormy night like this, in the prospect of coming home to be with her— spirit, her memory, If you will, than I should bo if I knew another, a real woman, was waiting to fling soft arms about my neck, to kiss mc with.tcndcrcst lips, Forgivo me, Tom ; I seldom speak of my own feelings and emotions, but perhaps now you can faintly understand how much reality there can ,bs oven in a ghost." Tho major had gained complete control of himself once more, and was nodding good- humoredly over his pipe ns if romance, women nud lie had always been, as they always would bo, strangers. 