A Ghost Story. [BY BUSHMAN-.J (WRITTEN FOR "THE EXAMINER.") THE old sore, " a woman at the bottom of every- thing," proved true, in the following short story, for a pretty girl was the unconscious cause of the appearance of two veritable "sheeted dead" as ever caused mortal's blood to run cold or hair to stand erect " as quills upon the fretful porcupine." Some considerable time before our story, a shearer's wife was said to have proved unfaithful to her lord. At any rate, he, while under the in- fluence of the tobacco-spiced rum, purchased at the nearest bush shanty, and partaken of in a panikin in real old bushman-like style at the inevitable " spree " closing;the shearing season, had followed «and brutally murdered her while on a short moon- light visit to a near neighbours. The lonely spot was ever after known as " the Haunted Flat," as it was confidently reported and firmly believed that a restless spirit might be seen there about the midnight hour, pacing the lonely path under the tall white gum trees, wringing its hands and pulling its ghostly hair, and oftimes giving forth low, weird, and nerve snaking sounds and brave was thought the heart that did not quail somewhat during a dark, stormy night when passing that way. The remains only of the old woolshed were now to be seen, but near it stood a new farm-house, in- habited by a farmer, his wife and their two lusty sons, each standing six feet high and weighing list. Two cowboys and a bullock- driver completed the household, the latter a lithe wiry fellow, about five feet 10 inches high, with black hair and dark flashing eyes. He said little about his own doings or ability, yet he became the object of keon dislike to the two young farmers, because his visits were acceptable and theirs were not at the nearest neighbour's house, on the opposite side of the river, where dwelt the " Belle " of the country side, who was pare as she was beautiful, and ' skilful in the management of household affairs. Many hearts sighed for her's, and our'two yonng men tried hard for her hand, but in vain. The bullock-driver seemed to be the favourite visitor. He went often and stayed late, and having to cross " the Haunted Flat " during his visits, was often questioned as to whether he saw or heard ought while passing there.' He was reticent, and if he ventured a reply it was vague and unsatisfactory, but after a certain night his lips were unsealed, He had paid his ordinary visit and stayed unusually late. The old moon would not rise for another hour ; huge storm clouds moved sullenly along the brows of the big black mountains near, the winds moaned through the distant gorges, the branches overhead swayed heavily as if fearing impending doom, the morpork gave out his dismal note, the darkness was inky. No wonder, then, if our bullock-driver felt a little shakey as he entered "the Haunted Flat," feeling, rather than seeing, his way through the far-famed and much dreaded spot. He had reached about the middle of it when he saw, or thought he saw, light looming from behind two large trees, which stood one on either side of the path. What was to be done ? He halted to consider, but scarcely had time ' to draw a breath when lo 1 from either tree, with. slow and ghost- like movement, stalked two sheëted figures, seemingly headless, and each holding forth a. bright burning torch. He gazed but a moment at the terrible apparition then the " welkin rang " with a loud demoniaca! yell, as he sprang forward, as if bereft of reason swinging his anns like the wings of a windmill and keeping up an hysterical screaming noise, ai he afterwards said, like a strangling yah-hoo,' bounded straight at one of the ghoBts, which turnee and ignominously fled, first dropping the torch am next a sheet. Thc torch was snatched up and tb retreating transformed figure quickly overtaken It turned and made an attempt to speak, but tb torch was thrust into the opening mouth and ; swinging left-hander dexteriously planted under Ul right ear of the poor spirit, which fell more like ¡ porpoise than an " airy nothing." Our poor bullock-driver then turned and mad for the other ligare like a raving maniac. It hai till now been a motionless witness, but now it, toe found legs and ran and roared "as lustily as eve roared a bull calf," dropping torch and sheet, as th first. Our friend, being light of foot, was soon up wit! it and 'applied torch and fist righteously, but de tecting unmistakable odours of burning bair, h turned and ran for home, which he reached in very exhausted state, and as soon as tim hysterics screaming subsided he related his alarming adven ture to the terrified old conple and trembling boyi the two young men being unaccountably absent. The following morning, and many times aftei wards, he related his strange adventure, and i often, and perhaps oftener, the two young me were jokingly asked " if the ghost had Binged the: hair." They were mute ; the girl laughed, Yo may divine the rest. The affair proved a perfect cure to praotici joking, to two at least, of those named. . 