SPORTING NEWS. ON THE FIELD. BY SENTINEL. Stuart, winner of the French Derby, has been re turned as winner of the Grand Prix. This latter race is for 100,000 francs, half of which are contributed by the Government, and half by the five great railway companies. Recognising the fact that Governments in'France are somewhat; shifty, a clause in connection uritn the conditions notifies that the race will not be run if the Goveruuicut doesn't dub up. Friars Balsam did run after all for the two thousand, and started one of the hottest on record for that classic event. Tom Cannon rode him, but on the way to the post an abscess which had formed in his mount's mouth burst, and in this cond tion Balsam did battle for the race. Ho was done with before half the distance was traversed, and finishod a bad sixth. As much as 3,4, and 5 to one was laid on F.B. in thousands, and as little as two's to one in thousands was taken that he would win Guinea and Derby. Plunger Benson must, as u matter of course, have his dexter in the pie. lie took £lO,OOO to half of it, the double, and it just cost him the half of it. By and bye this hot-headed harutu scarum young idiot is reported to have run through the biggest three-quarters of his quarter mill. When he was in Victoria he made the feathers fly a bit, but he bus boen winging a much swifter flight at home. Another turn or two of the wheel and then—beggary. I see bookmakers and backers daily, I must correct myself, persons who were B.'s and B/s some little time ago, and who were reputed to be game as pebbles wandering about in costumes much more suitable for summer than winter, and their teeth and stomachs working only quarter time. Their gameuess was only another name for extravagance, and now they arc bunged. Lord Londonderry and the Duke of Portland, who each wanted F. Barrets for the Guineas, spun a half penny to decide the matter. Poitlaud won. Wrestling seems to be carried on as crookedly in America as in Australia. The Times of Philadelphia raps it on to Miller and Acton very heavy for their tiddle-lc-winking. Raynor, in the go-as-you-please contest last week, established an Australian record for six dayj. Slogger Sullivan on his return to the States was fol lowed about and beslobbered by immense multitudes. After such a ridiculous exhibition as his fight (?) with Mitchell is declared to have been, a "drumming” would have been more appropriate. Talk about blow and blowing. I think John L. could give the biggest breezer in the United Kingdom 5U in a hundred and whop him out of his boots. Asa tonguo thrasher he is undoubtedly champion of the world, but’pon my soul he ought to be easily licked with the uiits. Giant though he be, it would be five to one on a tradesman like Sayers. There was a time when the English public were a bit off concerning Australian geography. Sydney was the capital of Adelaide, and Geelong was contiguous to Brisbane. English visitors to Klemingtan, Caul field ami other racing resorts, inop up our fizz and put themselves outside our chicken in the most ortho dox and accurate manner, but—ahem, me—they in variably take to print when they return home, and they invariably misiepressnt us. One of the most recent visitors, writing to an English paper, says that the stone wall at Flemington is G feet high and is notorious for the many fatalities which have taken place at it. It is not 0 feet high; is one of the safest jumps on the whole round; and the first fatality has yet to eventuate. Mizpah, a very useful marc, owned by Mr E. Coffey, has been entered for the Caulfield Cup. Bungaree would be properly ablaze if she could squeeze home first. Good luck to both man and mare. After a partial hearing of a very intricate case, one of ihe parties was loud in his declarations that he would win. "Justice is all on my side, and I'm sure of a verdict.” "Hold on, old man,” said a friend, the Chief Justice is on the other end of the plank, and it’s therefore a bit of odds against you.” Thus it was last Friday with a " duwgy ” acquaintance of mine. Ho owned a dog, that dog ran this course, and beat the other dog pointless, but he didn’t get it, because the judge awarded the trial to the dog which did not win. * Judges, lam aware, are not infallible, and I'll swear some of them are not incorruptible. I was on a race course a few weeks ago, and there I saw the judge’s brother, brother-in-law, and sundry other offshoots of that hoist-the-numbers functionary backing a certain prad. In protest cases, it is always considered good biz. to have a bit on the horse the stewards have backed, and in tills case 1 thought a quid or two laid out in the same direction as the judge’s push might prove profitable, ltdid. Weweresquarelv lickedby haf a length, but the verdict was in favor of our moke. We collared the sugar—reluctantly, of course—but still we collared it. So long as that judge continues his occupancy of that box, his relatives will be under strict surveillance, and bo the subject of one person’s special espionage. Glenduart’s injuries are so serious that it is doubt ful whether he will ever race again. Captain Ilairues, a grand old sport, has been lately levelled by an intractable liver. He has got the whip hand of it again. The West Australian Turf Club now races under V.ILC. rules. There will be another attempt made to get the tota lizator to operate in S.A. Kowly Rees u ill be in com mand. The Morphetrilte racecourse, which has been in the market for a considerable time, is about being closed for by a Queensland syuoicato. Racing and coursing will be carried on in gay style by it. The unreasonable multiplication of racecourses around Melbourne will ultimately destroy the sport. At present nine out of every ten meetings are pure professional and gate money affairs. The geese re sponsible for the golden eggs some time ago are now laying silver ones, and when a few months hence we have four or five new courses in swing, their best pro duct is likely to be copper. A horse, which for six months past has exhibited all the qualities of a thoroughbred duffer, won a good race in splendid style last Saturday. Of course, the stable hadn't a shilling on him. That's their chat; but some time ago, when he was a red-hot No. 1 for a similar event, they cracked the loss of hundreds. Intestine trouble still mars the harmony of Geelong football. lam told by a member of the club th the cardinal elementof dissension is sectarian in character. Religion has been mixed up with some queer things truly, but whoever expected it to be mixed up with football? For the first time since his advent on English soil has Edwards made a decent score, liis 50 in the Second innings against Oxford was a meritorious and very useful contribution. The English footballers have arrived, and have been duly feted. They play their first match to-day against the champions.’ As they are reported to be very dickey at our game, I should not be surprised if they made the best stand of the season. Lame horses, blind pigeon shots, and disabled oarsmen are always dangerous. Hanlan did Trickett up in very easy time. Ned must have been b .t a ghost of hi< former rowing self, when Hanlan could get away with • him pulling the tortoise stroke of 25 in CO. Jack Teenier I notice claims the championship of the world. When he is done with Kemp he may feel inclined to surrender. It was reported in Melbourne on Tuesday that Joins the Australian cricketer was dead. At the same time the sc .'res of M'Donnell, Bannennan, Honnor, and Cos. were coming through, and this fact induced disbelief. There is either gross carelessness on the part of the : cablers or gross incompetency at this end as no two reports lately agree. In one morning p iper this week we read that the Australians having lost the toss were saut into the field, and in another that having won .it they sent their opponents there. Cranbrook and Meteor have already been installed favorites for Caulfied Cup. Pakeha is a horse that looks every inch a cupper. With a suitable weight this New Zealander will require a bit of doing. Hon. Jas. White has been laid up for a few weeks. He is now convalescent. Silver Prince looks a vastly improved horse since his spell. Royal Oak is a stone better than he was at Caulfield. A double grand is quite on the cards. I had a peep at Leroy the other day. He is very well. Tommy Hudson, whose case I mentioned last Satur day, has squared matters with the girl he should have married by making a liberal.provision for her life, or nuptials. Another actor is in a bit of trouble. The wife of his bosom has been in the habit of presenting him with s'ngle pledges of affection only, whereas the agricul tural widow of another knight of the sock and buskin has presented him with twins, and a bit of bad luck for him, has presented them to the missus. The great event of the season is the first appearance oi the Gaiety Burlesque Company which takes place to- night at the Princess’. Monte Christo Junr is the piece selected for the initial show, and if half the ac counts we hear about it ar*« correct then eyes and ears are to be simply ravished with displays of songand symmetry. The almighty dollar, or to be more locally accurate, the modest bob causes men to take big rpks. A horse tamer, named liyl *n », every evening risks his ncck;by riding a bullock os wild as he can begot and Min* bridle. He is certainly''’One of the garnest fellows I have seen. Adm Siion, one shilling. 