I TAXATION OF RETRENCHMENT ? SIR-As the coming session of Parliament will be opened next week, I should like, through your columns, to draw the attention of my fellow taxpayers to a few matters which, I think, will be well worth serious consideration It is more than probable that the inevitable " Taxation proposals " will be again introduced by the Government to make up deficiency in the revenue, and doubtless, as has been done many times before, the real cause of such deficiency will be put down to anything but the right cause Those of your readers who remember the old fable of the " Stock and the Frogs " will at once be able to SOJ the connection between the deficiency in a small colony's revenue and the maintenance, of an expensive and over-manned Civil Service; for this latter, I maintain, is the real cause of all our taxation troubles and I should like to ask, in order to prove this, to what use is the revenue derived from taxation put? Why, nearly all is used up the expenses of Government, and if funds are required for public works, etc, money is borrowed, and in order to pay the interest thereon, fresh burdens are placed on the unfor treats taxpayers and goodness knows, we have enough to bear already. Why is not the same principle carried out was Governments as with private businesses ? A careful merchant or business man on balancing his yearly accounts, if he finds his expends tore exceeds his income, immediately set about retrenching. He does not increase the already high salaries of his head clerks and other officials, and to do this raise the price of his goods, and thus make his customers pay the piper. No ; he simply du person with some of his employees, and reduce the high salaries of others, and when he has done so is surprised to find how well his business can be managed with few hands. I should like here to State that I am no advocate for reducing the "screws of good, useful servants of any kind, but rather to pay well and keep those who are needed, and worthy of it. But did our Government carry out this policy last session, and are they likely to do it this? When they found a deficiency, which they used every chance of magnifying, did they set about retrenching in order to make two ends meet? Did these patriots, who thought £700 a year quite enough for their predecessors, begin on their own salaries, and lop off the extra £2001 No, they endeavoured to increase the estimate by adding £50, and such like sum to the salaries of Civil servants who were already well paid ; but, the poor, unfortunates who only receive < £90 ors £100; . year got quit vm*ufa¿}h* will" hé^rtmtmbered S_"oraaSL, seaward"- «U-W'^tafca»., " Mass "in.. -¿SMMiBclseit fJ»Js«l»*s5»e»Mlö 143 wasbhfM' j School tlW9'1 Co&SldlMU;, £4 J<W?f> testes I boast of the present Government that if they could only set into power they had a ' polioy~cut'^«3d~o!rlédrwhich would "not only a surprise this colony, but all the others in the 1 Australasian croup."' Their chance came, and their policy was a surprise, for it not only secured the' condemnation of all right | thinking people via this community, has caused it to' become the laughing stock of the English-speaking part of the world. Before they were in power they posed as the friends of the working man, and would Intro-, dues a scheme of taxation that would touch only the rich, and add no more burdens to the poor. They introduced a scheme of taxation (Which no one understood, further than that the taxes on the already overburdened working man; and small property holder would be increased, and the rich would almost go free. They nailed their colours to the mast, and yet with their own hands plucked them down bit by bit, till not a shred remained. They secured a majority in the House of Assembly by frightening Half-hearted members (some of whom only obtain their seats by a "fluke," and a there was a general election next week would not have the ghost of . chance of being returned again with a dissolution; and finally succeeded in shuffling through a long and most unprofitable session, leaving the impression on the public mind that they are (like our present Municipal Council the greatest failures the colony he had to deal with. i, But as I do not wish to trespass further on your space, I should like to conclude with word or two of advice to my fellow-electors and taxpayers. If they are wise, as soon as Parliament meets, and the intentions of the Government are made known, if additional taxation is to be the order of the day, let every electorate call public meetings, and instruct their members to oppose tooth and nail every attempt in that direction, and Insist on retrenchment from the Governor's £0,000 a year down to those of £250, but not tower. Let the Civil service be carefully weeded, and all unnecessary officials (and their name is legion) be dispensed with. In short, " Let no more oats be kept than catch mice," and I warrant that instead of having a deficiency at the end of the year there will be sufficient revenue to meet all requirements. Let not the electors be any longer gulled by smooth- tongued promises to be cut wide as soots M those who make them have gained their object. Once or . time Mr. Birdcharapiixwtd local option; what about it now! Mr. Clark was the leading spirit in the Political Reform Association ; but that party to go to the wall for all he cares ? Wake Up taxpayers, and look after your own interests the same as these two worthies and the self sacrificing Braddon have done, and I have very little doubt we shall have SO more taxation proposals," except as far are gards imposts on those who ought and are best able to bear them Yours, etc, BESPUBLICA. THE NEW ZEALAND EXODUS.-"Ci viz" in the Otago Daily Times remarks-" We are more or less dismayed at the present aspect of things in general much so that we are going to miss in conclave, and consider how best to retain our population. The exodus which has been allowed its own way this long time past is to be pulled up with a round turn, is possible. In Christ- church the two newspapers are still engaged in angrily debating the question whether there is an exodus or not. The Ministerial paper vows there is none, while the Opposition paper > prints The Exodus' in very big r capitals indeed and proceeds at the length of two or three columns to discuss its proportions from every point of view from the front, from the rear, and from round the corner. Down here we recognise pretty unanimously that there is an exodus, alarming or not alarming as you like to look at it, and we are going to trot it on to the stage and try the effect of a little Parliamentary eloquence upon it. The members of the House of Representatives are to be invited to express their opinion upon the exodus and remonstrate with it generally. As this is a case in which re- monstrances require some active backing to render them availing, there are sure to be certain specific suggested, and one or two of these the colony is evidently bent on trying. Practically we are pledged to swallow a more or less powerful dose of protection next session, and we shall in all probability treat ourselves also to a mild stimulant in the shape of an industrial exhibition. This exhibition will be as international in character as it can be compatible with the absence of any other nations from the courts, and it will be arranged as soon as we have got £5,000 that we are prepared to lose. We anticipate a pecuniary loss, but as the enterprise will be a modest one, £5,000 may cover it. Possibly, however, we may be able to manage the thing on a more imposing scale, and lose £10,000 or £20,000 over it, which would be far more satisfactory. We are, you see, like the apple woman who lost a farthing upon every apple, but made a profit because she sold a large quantity. However, we really do expect some indirect benefit from our exhibition, if it comes off. It will be the means of bringing the stranger within our gates, and we shall take it out of him" Oddly enough, the same journal publishes this paragraph :-" We (North Otago Times) near that large sums of money are being received in Dunedin from Australia for I investment. This is, probably, British capital, which has been flooding Australia for some time, and has overflowed into New Zealand." It looks as if outside investors, 1 wise in their generation, are taking advantage of the present scare to buy at low prices property that will, sooner or later, increase perhaps a hundredfold in value. A GENERAL UTILITY DOG Mr. Charles Arnold, an American actor, who has recently arrived in Melbourne under engagement to Messrs. Brough and Boucicault, brought with him a magnificent Newfoundland dog, which takes a silent but important part in his master's performances. As a general rule the dog does not play in Shakespeare, not so much because he is not capable as on account of getting a part to suit him. Thus it happened that recently while Miss Essie Jenyns was playing in the Merchant of Venice at the Bijou Theatre in Melbourne, the dog lay at the door of one of the ante-rooms of the theatre, observing the people who crowded along the passage in front of him, and doubtless calculating (having been in the theatrical business some time what the house would be worth that night. Presently there came a certain individual, neat and trimly dressed, attended by a friend. The pair, observing the dog and noting his appearance, commented thereon,- and the friend wondered who he was to whom" he belonged, and whether he could be appropriated without evil consequences. "Oh," said the first comer, " that dog takes part in the performance." of What performance ?" " This to-night." " But there ain't no dog in Shakespeare except he plays the Doge of Venice. What does he do in this play ?" The explanation'was'conclusive and eminently satisfactory. Said the first comer in all i seriousness, c" He'eats the pound of flesh." ' '' ' ? - For rest of reading- matter see 4th Page. 