. iRovelist. A Case of Mesmeric /, Influence. ? h'l llUTJl' JlicKE.SZIE; ? *' - A few years ago, .while sojouruing awhile iu Florence, 1 became greatly interested iu a lady whoso countenance ' ?' struck .rac as: peculiarly sad. She was . 'beautiful' and wealthy, with a devoted husband and two lovely children, and, , n oparentty, had everything to make her happy ; and yet at times her eyes would hsiume a strangely troubled look, as though some secret sorrow were weighing i grew to know lier intimately, and one . day ventured to'ask the meaning of this. She said it' was cau.sed by the events. of ' her eariy life, which, if 1 would care to read lliem, she would write for me. 1 izladly accepted her oiler, and when X was leaving, she handed me ibis, manuscript. : Sh » has since died, aud.it can do no harm to present it lo the public. My father was a very rich man, and I liis only child. /Aly mother, dj'ing when '1 was quite young, left .mc-thc solo companion o£ my father, whom I adored.^- Ho was of a melancholy, ? tiioughtful temperament-, and had spent much of .liis life , in studying occult fceioace. # This tendency. of his mind had led Him v .to make many strange acquaintances, and ri1 it was with the greatest interest I watched the result of their investigations^ Wo had travelled much in the interests of this study, but finally took a house in London, whet J wc expected to remain for some time. It was with much piettuie that I anticipated a . season there, and my father determined for my * Jake to entertain largely. (Jur dinners ! ahd balls became famous. ? In my young uud inexperienced eyes the world seemed but » huge playground, aud I could ut-t eonoeiv.o of such a thing'as trouble having entrance there. . f ; In the- meantime wc continued our studies, and X became greatly interested 'r in the ability of a certain woman to cause . . what she called 'spirit phbtouraphs' to appear upon the wall. My curiosity was greatly excited to discover how this was done. X knew there was some trick ..about them^aud had little faith in tlie j/irfc the ' spirits ' took in their produe iicn. So my father and 1 began cxperi ' ^;uc:iting, and in a sliort time wo had the ft itisfsction of doing, by purely mortal * * r means, everything that the fair impostor did by the aid of so- called spirits. I little dreamed then of the use to which I should be called upon to put this 'know- ' ledge I Oat evening wt» gavo a grand lut naMutt aud our drawing room was filled with kings and queens, peasants and milkmaids, shepherds and shepherdesses v, and every character imaginable. I stood aside, watching tlio'ihcrry crowd, when 1 i' iuyt approaeliing iceji -ombro figure clad a black domino. Hjuiething about hi»h struck me :i» p^culiir and decidedly unph asant. and it was with a feeling of reluotau^u that i accepted hts invitation trtdanc'. When I touched his hand, it1 vras cold ami dummy, and a Ahuddor went through me whenever he cable near. '?My enjoyment for llio evciilug uas 'wioijed by ih-» mysterious creature. He /dlowed mo everywhere. -*o where J .wuM$ I coyld see his wicked little eyes ' . gl-s&ing; at mo, and it \»as with' ii sigh ? . of relief that 1 hailed, the hour when it was time to u'uinask. Jtwus thcutltut l. J4iv father appru-ching, leafing tbia mau by tho.arm. Ho nroccede-l to introduce him to tiM u4 Mr. Awthony ? Xilack. , Vrom thu cuurlwy witli 'v.IiL'Ii my father treated Mr. lllack' 1 riw that I.u i-videutly liked liiiu Very mucli. J hut l,eri)/iixeii me, M 1 thought I )n»l never, In all my We, met any wm«» «tninaely reiiuWve, and it wa» witli miieli ilnt rllouuro llmt I Iifnrd my futle-T urging Lint to eomo oflen hm' U lis. lie'wu net blow ill availing luumelf of tliU Invitation, an J nueoeeiliiig -l'y,i najv Mm Irofiuentiy 't our limine. My falliei n . interest tu the man lay m tlie faej'. tliat ho, loo. was a student iu hidden Joro, aim togothor tlie/ -'pursued -lliis slrsngu del once. . Jlbekietd not . visited us many, times . ? lasfore X fancied I saw a ebango in my t- UiUlier, He grow sllont and moody, and : -i SSi ?aUBHlMHi disli t.0 and distrust him, and a feeling of impending evil camo over mo. One evening my father invited him to dine wilh us. Ah, that hour! I cau never forgot' it.' Tho man; wore a con tinual smile, which seemed to hide some thing terrible behind it, and his littlo black eyes .glittered'. *1 tried to avoid looking at him, but was soon conscious of a strange ? fascination, which kept my eves fastened on him. X Telt as if I must obey him, and my father seemed equally fascinated; forhc hnrig on every word ilic strange man uttered. . That awful, aw^iil dinner ! It makes' mo shudder now when X think, of it. At times I would make an almost s\q-cr- . human effort to remove' iny eyes from Black's face, and then some horrible po'-vcr idowly drew the:n back. But at last the meal was ended, and I* escaped to 1113* room. Nanny,' 1113* old nurse, was waiting, for me there, and as I entered, she ex claimed : ' I.awj Miss Addie,whr-l do matter wid 3*ou, chile V You look, as dough 3*ou done scon a ghost.' uOh, Nann3*,'I said, ' l am suresonic thing dreadful is going to happen 1 1 feel . it- — X .sec it !' 'Bress dc ckile!'' said Nanny. 'Nutfen drefful can[t happen to 3*0' while ole Nanny's ;\round to take care ob 3*0 u ! Dou' bodder 3*0' head 'bout dat uo| mo', lipnc.v.' - ? ' Nanny,' said I, ' the next time that Mr, Black comes here, I want you lo try. and sec him, and then tell' me what 3*ou thiuk of liim.' ? . , . Nanny's opportunity came soon, for in a couple of days the man was tlicvc again, and she happened to let him in.s She came running'upstairs, aud burst in upon inc. .... 'I seohini ! I sceliim ! Lor, Miss Addic, dc debbil's iu dat man ! What for ole 'marse want to bring such a' ting as dat lieah*? She's 1 Stan' heali, Mies Addic, I tink when I see liiui dak do ole boy come to call.' Nanny's opinion convinced, me that there realty was something fearful .about Sir. Black. A nameless terror, took possession- of me, and thougli I tried to shake oil the feeling, glooui pervaded ever3rthing. lie continued' to comb frequently to the house, and I was often, at my father's request, ' compelled to see him ; but I never did so without feeling conscious that I- was entirely subject to his will. One day my father sent- for mo to come, to thc.librarv. The summons I used to -ibc3* so gladty filled me with dread, and 1 entered with, fear and (reinbling. I noticed that he seemed troubled, and it struck me forcibly how changed he was. He looked pilcaud-haggard, and had lost his old ea33*, good-natured address.' lie tried io avoid looking at mc, and it was in a sharp, nervous maimer that he com municated his 'news.' His 'dear friend j' Mr. Black, had made me an offer of marriage, which lie hoped I would consider farorabhv I looked at him, horrified.. CouM it. be possible that he would sacrifice mc, his pet, .his idol,, to that odious crea ture V i 'O father, father. I' I cried. 'What can you bp-- thinking of *? 'Ara you crazy ? What is the/inattcr with 3*011 I What is tho matter with us all V Never!. Nover!' X screamed; 'I will die first !' 'I rushed from the room to my faithful old Nanin*, and buying my. head in. her lap, cried as if my heart would break. I felt aa if Nanny .was .the only friend 'I had 111 the world in»w. ' Bress my baby !'' said she. 'Wiiafc dc}- been a dbin' now to bring dj gicf to M13- pore chile V' '?Ohi Nanny,' said I, 'he wants to inarry mc to him.'' ' Marry yqu to who, lioujoy V' 'To Mr. Black, O A'ann}*, Nanny I wish I was dead !' - 'What.' mam*3*ou to dat ole cross c-*ed debbii V Well, dc3' belter not? Ole Nanny piz*n hhn, sho's 3m' bo'n ! ? Yo' jus* tcll.olo marse 3*0* won't do it, he won't sa}r nuffe.n. Ugh ! he must a c|can gone los' his senses. Ncber mill' dere honey now, don* cry 110 mo'.' I fully determined that if mv father insisted 011 my-manying Illask, 1 would 'riin-awaj-; but he never mentioned tlio subject to mo again. H.e must, however, have tofil the »han of i-iy refusal, for the next time 1 saw him he appeared lo me. more civil, if possihiv', than ever.. Ilia ogly.cyes glsamed wickedly, and behind tlio Sntnnic grin which he alwu}-8 wore he seemcd.-to sav', ' I'll conquer 3*ou.' . Ilia terrible pow;er over 1110 remained the same, una 1 soon became aware that I liad lost entire control of my own actions. In hw preaonep 1 was impelled to do the strangest things. 1 ran around the room, chasing imaginary butterflies ; then X stiugund danced, and jumped rope, and went on doing most ridiculous things. The atmngo part of it was that my mind remained j»erfectly clear, and 1 knew everything I did, although I had lio power to control myself. One duy, after an exhibition of . this kind, I saw wilh terror my. father's etarfjed face ; Black's 'fiendish counten ance. Oh, how terrible it all Wua l.They consulted together, aud presently 1113' fattier called a £- rvant, ana before long a phyiici in arrived. - I had Le '11 kilting quiet for umnu- time, but the minute the doctor came J u-.'.iin beguii screaming ii..d juuipiiig. The doctor shook his head, uud told them i wiw hopelcu^ly insane. ? 'J'luj anguish of iny mind was intense. Why eoull 'J not apeak/ What was jt that huhl me dumb.' J'cihnjm I could write; i started for pencil and paper, but sank back in iny chuiir, unable to JllQVtf. .Jt seemed but n few niomenU before 1 was put into a coach with. fill lit rim tucu and driven olf. I saw .old Nuuuy sit rocking herself hack and forth, and uioau liiug out,— ' My brcMed darling ! My brcssed darling 'I Oh, let mo go Wid my chile I' 1 tried to call her, but my tongue was paralyzed, and i could not utter a nound. ? BfUiiently^wo stopped before a largo building, whieli *wo all cuterud, Mr, Black and my father leading iiiu in. Wo wcru mot by ii kind-looking ohlguutle. man who glanced pityingly at hm, 'J'hey held n short whispered conversation, uud limn 1 heard him May,— 'Too bud, too Imd ! Aud no young l'f f saw my father preparing to leave without nip I How I tried to beg him not (0 go and leave mo ; But J could imt, I lo muttfawlyoutof flip t'ootn,huvmu enly.JfejBlw^wlp tl|P» ajjprpittfliod mMttfifvife1 44 Ua. ha, my lad3* ! Is this preferable to marrying me ?*' . 1 watched hiui depart in silence, but the instant he was out of the room I was inysci? again. I started for the door, screaming, , 44 Father, father ! Come buck !' ? But I was seized, by. a couple of atten dants and led forciblyaway. I heard shriek after shriek ring through the building, and awoke to the horrible reality that I wasiu a madhouse, and was thought to be mad myself. No ouo can know the agony of that molnent, for I felt how futile would be all niy efforts to conviucn any ono that I was* sane. I was shorn of all my beautiful hair, of which I was so proud, and left to follow my own inclination. I made two or three unsuccessful attempts to convince the phy sicians of niy sanity, then give up the idea as useless. F spent my .time- in painting, for which I had some talent, and before long had completed a portrait of my father. Ho called once or twice to see me, but always in company with -Black, who put mo im jncdiatdty under the spell that lasted till the3- were gone. Tnus it was decided that their visits aggravated my case and X was debarred from seeing them any move. a My only hope now was to escape. How closely I watched every opportunity! But weeks and months passed away before- 1 could carry but my purpose. Then, one night, 1 heard a cry of fire, j sprang from 1113* bed and hastily dressed, but not before X wa8 nearly choked with smoke. The guards were rushing through the halls, wild with excitement, opening the doors and begging the poor mad crea tures to eorac forth ; but^mnin' were so pa raised with fright that thej* stubbornly refused, and numbers perished in the flames. . I -needed no urging, but, scezing my father's portrait, .ran through the open door, unmolested. Every place was open; Even the heavy gules in the yard formcd-no barrier now, as the firemen had torn them awaj*, and 1 passed through unj noticed. , . l.ran till I was out of breath. It then flashed across me tliat niy appearance (for I wak without hat or cloak) ill the streets of London at midnight would at the very least excite suspicion. I stood still and gazed about me, f puzzled what 'to do or where to go. I knew that I must act quiokty, as,.if aeen, X was iu great danger of being arrested. M3* brain was in a whirl. T imagined I saw pursuers 011 every hand. - Some dis tanco ahead of mo I spied a church. Ah, there was *a refuge! X would find a hiding place there till morning. I started off again, running till l reached the church door. 1 -was .conscious of seeing lights inside,, some forms iitoviiig about,, and after that I knew no more, for I had fallen senseless. . . »Some strangers found me there, and had me convoyed to a hospital, and it was about a month after, this that I awoke to find myself' in a . large loom, with the sick nruuud me 011 every side. Wljjero was I now ? -Would wonders never cease ? I soon Icafncd that I had been very ill with brain fever. The excitement and strain on ni3* nervous S3*stem, caused by the evQnt3 of the; past -few months, -had been too much forme, aud X had succumbed at last ; but the crisis was now past, audi was recovering. ? As I lay. there looking around, it certainly Eccmed a novel situation for me, Addic Sunlc}*, the child of .the, mil lionaire, to bo a charity patient iu a city hospital'. ' \- 1 continued to Improve rapidl.v, and wa3 soon able to ihi:,k about leaving. 1 had withheld 1:13*' nanio from the 'hospital authorities, but promised to reward them largety for their kind euro of nte during my illuus3. The.v kindly furnished mo with outside apparel uud some monc.v, aud then I started out once more. . f immediately called a cab, and giving tho driver. 1113* lather's Address, was soon on my homeward way. TJicn I began to wonder what I10 would say w hen he saw me, and the horrible thought ^rossed.my mind that he might send me back to the asylum. I womk-red if Black visited the house still, and if old Nanny' would be thoro to receive me, and hear her cull me her 'bressed chile' unee more ! i'was so lost in* thoughts like these that 1 started iu surprise wlnin I found v,*o hud.stopi»ed. 1 '.ili guess this 'ero *s tho house, mum,' said the driver, jumping down. . 1 bounded out of the cab and up the steps and rang tho bell. No answer. I rang again tuid again, but failed to briug any. response. Then I noticed that the house was closed, aud a general air of uu gleut hung about the placo.' 41 WlVat shall I do t What shall I do?' I cried, wringing my hands. . _ 1 looked up atul down tho street, in the hope* of seeing ioiiio onb 1 know, but all wcru strangers, and I stood there alone io the world. .Suddenly a bright thought eame lo mo. X would go to niy father's lawyer. Ho could tell . me the meaning of utl this. When I reached Ida ofiico, Mr. Colton was ut 1 his desk. Ho started up when ho saw mo, (ind his face grew deadly pale. 1 knew from bis munner that I must pro noro myself for bad news. 'Wo were Loth of us so agitated that for u while ueilhrr spoke a word. . Then 1 tremblingly bogged him to tell me of my father. ' 41 My poor girl,' ho said at lust, ' ho died very suddenly about a month ago ; h's death was caused by the -aliock of hearing that you had boeu burned to death in tho Asylum lire — so it was said at the time. His money, and everything of value was left tu Mr[ Black. There has evidently buou some' awful inistako for which I cannot account. We Imd tho as)'Iuiu groumU thorciunhly flcareheiJ,- but you could nut be found, so Wo concluded you bad perished.' I told him of my eneape and iny ill ness afterward, also tbui I bad never been iusano, but hud beep led to unpeur so through tho awful iiillmneu of IMaok. And now I was left penmltis, and that dread/nl man bad my money ! The more 1 thought of it, tho moro strange it noctnud that my father should have left hi.yveali h to an entire stranger, and away from bin owu .brothers and Meters. This, togolhur with his sudden death, nri'UdL'd niy 'suspicions of moiuu thing wrong. KuppoMO that BUuk had used his hideous power on hhn also. nml. hud forced hliif to muko his wilh ,in'^ ^lon oiurdcrud him ? Il wus a fonrful thought, butit inlahfcho truo, ftnd ifc,w, tliocnmi I mentioned my suspicion to. Mr. Colton, and bo prion became as deeply impressed with the idea of foul play as I. was myself. ' We went immediately to work to decide upon a way by which we might entrap the- murderer and recover tho fortune that rightfully belonged to me. While wc wero considering the matter, Mr. Colton kindly cutertaincd me at his hou-c. At length I hit upon apian. I remem bered how superstitious Black was, and determined to frighten hiin into. a con fession. It w£3 now that my ability to cast 4 4 spirit' photographs upon the wall would be of .use. X would procure the services of a famous ventriloquist, and, with tho lawyer, we would proceed to Black's house, and by these manifesta tions, force him to confess his guilt. ? I disclosed 1113* plan to Mr. Colton, who agreed willingly to it. Wo went quick^' to work, and soon had our arrangements completed entirely to our satisfaction. I was thankful that I had saved the por-. trait I painted of* iny father, fori needed it to carry out my plaus.* The day finally arrived when we were to pnrfonn this terrible duty. My heart sank at the thought: of seeing Black again as-we approached the house, I was obliged to bring all my will power to bear in order to prevent turning back at the last moment. Mr. Colten observed my nervousness, and whispering a few encouraging word3, he rang tho bell. A withered old woman came .to the door ; she eyed us suspicious^ when we inquired for Mr. Black,. She showed us into a side room which was very dark, a fact which jdeased me, as it. 'was much, better suited to my purpose than a light one. Gradual '3*, as my eyes became accus tomed to tlio darkness, and I could discern different objects iti tlio room, I saw several articles of 'furniture that had belonged to my father. This aroused niy anger, and helped to make my task more cas}\ Fortuno favored us, for Black was so long in making bis appearance that 1 had plenty of time.to prepare everything very satisfactorily. 1 then hid myself behind a large screen, so that when he entered the rooin he' did not see me. lie bowed graciously, and with his usual x-.wl/.frohl, to Air. Colton, who proceeded imme diately to business. 'Mr. Black/' said he, 44 I. have been retained as counsel by a relative of Mr. Stanley's to investigate -tho cause of his death. There is a strong suspicion of foul pla3% and as 3*011 have been the only one benefitted by .his decease, the sus picion of murder naturally falls :»q,yuu. I ask you now, in the name of the law, to refuttr this charge, and to prove tlrnt the accusation is untrue.' Black fairly trembled with rage. He sprang to his feet, shqwering curses upon the law)*er and his retainers. «? 'You lie! I. say. you lie!' Jic yelled . out like a- demon. ?' Prove- your vile assertion! IVovo it, I ya;,*, or' by' .the gods. }*ou sdiall suffer for this! 1 mui- dered him, did 1 ? Tr.ive it !' He continued with a 'torrent of abuse, frequent^* intermingled with oaths. Mr.* CoBori then gavo 1110 the signal, and suddenly upon the wall appeared iny fathers features, 'ffhov grew brighter and pl.iiner, till finally his whole figure seemed to stand out 111 bold relief. Black's eye3 dilated in terror. Great beads of perspiration stood out upoii his forehoad. He dug his nails iu Ins fiesh till the blood spurted forth. Then, iu a solemn, sepulchral voice the 'spirit' said, — . 41 Confess !' ? ' Mercy panted 'lack. 'Merc}*! I will tell all !' ' Confess !' again uttered the voice. , Not a aound was heard save the pant ing and moaning of the terrified' man as ho crouched upon the tloor. 44 Confess!' . Black rolled ovor on his faee, as. -if to shut out the-vls:on.v- ? *; 14 Ah, ycS !'jf*h*C' ,groanedi 44 1 killed him! I 'hoped to gain control, of his money by jrarrying his daughter, but sho 'refused inc. Yes, she refused ,me, but I had my revenge. I made her act like a lunatic, ' It was 1113' power sho could not withstand. It was through mo sho was looked up in a madhouse. That was sweet revenge, but it was net all, for in tho dead of night 1 set lire to the madhouse and burned her* up.' Hcrc'ho broke into a pnmxysm of wild laughter.. Evidchtij* terror was turning his braiu. . . 'Then,' ho began again, li I mes merised old Stanley, and forced him .to uiako-bis will in ny favor. When that was done I- poisoned Ifim — and now he's there to tell you/of it !' he cried, spring ing up and shaking hiaiist at the vision. dust hero I stepped out from my hid iug place. . lie turned and saw me: 44 lrou, too ?' ho shrieked iu anguish. ' You, too, como back to acciuu mo? Mercy! Ilw! ha! No mercy for my!' Suddenly shi3/ face turned purple ; ho .covered U with' his'luuida/ gasped for breath aud foil back, dead ! Tin/ guilty wretch had actually died .with fright. 'Thus 'elided the oventful purt.ipn of my life's history. ?'* Through the kindly efforts of Mr. Coition, the will by^uthich Black h»d obtained pusses/mm of my father's fortuuu was declared illegal, and I wua proved his hoires-q Great publicity was givon to the case through -the daily papers, and oiie day who -should couie hobbling into Mr. CoUoii'm ofiico but old Nanny, and I board hv*r saying, 44 NVhar dat broaaed clriln?' Soon after wo went to 1 tuly, to.juin some of my inuther's rulntivoa./ 1 never want to see Loiulon again. : ' 