SATURDAY, HAY 19,1888. PRESENT POLITICS It is no( often . that the humourous sense of the community , is tickled by suck a maladroit opposition as that which is now offered by Mr. .Bybnk to Mr., SERVICE in connection with the vacancy In the Legislative Council. Mr. SERVICE is a part of the htetoty bt tfye colony, and his last administration was distinguished not only by iniportantppUtic^l reforms aud a Bound ByBtemof finance, which enhanced, the public credit, but >also by a vigorous foreign polifcy . and bythat" .great move ment for federation1 6f which the late Premier was tlio [principal iiiBpirer and (exponent. ' Mr. Bxbkk, ,oa ; the other hand, baaeshis Appeal fov the confidence of th e electorate on the fset- that ho ad vocated protection in 1864. Suddenly waking up from i' lotig slumber, like Rip Van Whjkm} or the Spven Sleepers, he is too profoundly Ignorant of the questions of the present day to utter a definite opinion regarding them, and still moves in a mental region unknown to the present 'generation, surroundod by the ejiadowy . ghosts, of former political 'pwfevjweM,: But vton if his belief ja protection, which is.by no means a peculiar disoovoiy of his own, entitled ju® to public recognition,- i$ is dingularly She Council, jiq . power, fcp (imend wonoy.byis, and *f Mr.. BYRNE is anxious f° extend, the . £>rotectivtt system, or unagines that ha can Servo his country ®y impoBing -new' duties, he ought to contest a seat in -the Assembly, and pose Mthe financial!riendof everybody. The friends of Mft Shbvxok, however, can "Mdly tiom «*prowihg their and still more must they regret the Ic^use which takes him from the more exciting arena furnished in the Lower House. It is simply that he is unable I to face the worry and clamour, the long I sittings and interminable speeches, the I rampant obstruction and abusive per sonalities, and the weary hours of drivel by which his health lias been I already broken down. So completely are our institutions twisted to the pur I poses of obstruction that the best men, I who are elevated to responsible positions, I cannot physically endure the strain which j the necessity of their constant presence I in the House imposes upon them. Lungs I of leather and lips of brass may continue |to sound; but people of common sense and good feeling are disgusted in mind land fatigued in body. The reward we |3fve.. our 8tatesmen is to try to harass them out of existence by adding late Parliamentaiy sittings to their daily ad j ministrative work ; and' to be an energetic J politician IB to enter upon a course which I would 6rdi6arily' raise the premium of a life insupace. For this, if for no other I reason, a Closure rule should be adopted and strictly enforced. In New South I Wales'it <is.-proposed that Parliament J should resdlve itself into - a police-court, fend inflict fines in order to check the j prevailing brutality and larrikmism ^ but j for Victoria the rational reform passed I this session by the House of Commons I would be fiufiicient. The Speaker should (have.power to put the question when a I certain number of members desire'it, and I the House should meet earlier and rise I earlier. Obstruction is always more rife I under the flaring gas than under the clear I sunlight. The benefit of a wholesome f rule has been found in England ; and I though the closure is constantly applied there is not a single complaint, except, per chance, from an occasional Irish member, who regrets the " Doniiybrook Fair " that wap formerly enacted on the floor of the | House. The Ixigislatut'a ? will occupy a I more dignified position if it seta to wortc in a business-like way ; and not the least gain would be the relief from late hours I of responsible Ministers, who are sup posed to receive deputations all day and listen to turgid talk all night. In regard to the question of federation Mr. SERVICE had no difficulty in showing that it iB to tiie advantage of the colonies to'strengthen the connection with the mother country and to seek her co-opera tion. On this subject stupid mis juudcistaudmga and wanton misrepre sentations are too - rife. A. man is - labelled in some quarters au Imperialist, as if he were as easily defined as a bag of sugar ; and then he is credited with an intention of bringing the colonies under a government like that of India, or even like that of Russia. But there is no such thing as Imperialism in this sense, and not a sentence can be 'quoted from the speeches of 'any states man, either in Australia or England, to show that such an idea has crossed his I brain. . There is not a solitary waiter or speaker in the colonies, or a man with the capacity of expressing his thoughts, who would like to see our liberty subverted. We have neither an Emperor nor Buonapartism, nor. an aggressive military 'policy, and we desire none. Imperial federation has- been -so called to dis tinguish it from oolonial federation ; and What it means Is simplt that we should | encourage "mutual loyalty between the colonies iand England, in order that the policy of the former, when they are led into contact with foreign powers, should receive support < in the councils of [the British'Government. It impliesi that the - communities of the British, race should endeavour to stand together, and to work harmoniously, without any interference with the legiti mate independence ? of each. An aggre jgate of cothntunitioB, a commonwealth, is its goal ; and beyond this it has nothing j to advocate, except that under present conditions the connection is necessary- j and what oames cf attempting to eyade the few duties which the connection requires. Take, for instance, the mean ness of Sir THOMAS M'Ilweaxth, who proposes to call Lis followers a national party, in order to hide his own inability to tell to what aide of politics lie belongs. Because England saved Queensland for the present people of Queensland, Sir Tjbojjab rM'urges that the IJng-: lish nation sbo^continue .to pro toot the shipping .'and the coa&t-line; for an in definite period^ and for such a petti fogging reason he declines to join with the other. cplbnies in providing fo$ the naval defences. Queensland Has gained wealth and . population, and may. be a tempting object of attack, and yet the rulers are to sit at ease in Brisbane while the over- taxed British ratepayer provides them frith ships of war. It is unfair to jgie oplonifes which recognise tjioir obliga ^Ipiui mum ahould etfud 6Ut isolated antiobstinate ; it is utterly' unjtist that the labourers of England,1 whose'Iower rate of wages is sneered at and denounced, should have tlie whole brunt of defending Australia. The desire for a federation with the mother country is by no means incom patible with the growth of a national sentiment. On tlio contrary, the one, by introducing loftier views into politics, has encouraged the other. It was the men who are taunted as Imperialists that i insisted upon the evacuation of the New! Hebrides by the French, although they | were opposed by the provincialists inj Sydney. .It .wfw the same men who, attempted to assert the rights of Australia | over tlie Western Pacific. It was men, j also, like Mr. SERVICE and Sir SAMCEL GftlFfrltH, 'who worked for colonial fede ratiopi. against the utmost endeavours of their* blind and malevoleut critics. The two things, Imperial Federation and the inational spirit, -will nevfer clash, for the simple season, as Mr. SERVICE . pointed out, that there is no possibility of one part of the Empire tiding to rule auother. If such a danger existed we,' -oould understand the criticfsms of the timid party; but we are asked to pubmlt to no interference, and, as a matter of fact, "England of late has been rather adapting her policy to the colonies than labouring to force her opinions upon them. In these circum stances the discussion of the future development of Australia has no practical bearing. It is as abstract as the question of the millennium or of the map of Europe a century hence.: We have the utmost freedom and the utmost prosperity, and no reason to desire a change. If se]>aration should come, it will come in a way not foreseen by the clever theorists who foretell the future, ftnfl in connection with some great incident- which they would pro bably be unable to understand. But to keep "nagging," like a scolding fish wife, at a constitution which is still to our, profit and interest, is a melancholy feat, of useless political contortion. So distant is the time for settling the wider question that we have not yet achieved the essential preliminary, the federation of the colonics. Under Sir Hem JpAiiK.Es, as under his predecessor, New South,-WaJep pursues an isolated , course, and-takes every mothodof render ing herself ridiculous, in order that she may be not"a&o;?edrof common sense and agreeing to. tlite {kolicy of the rcs't of the group | an^pie-pr^jsent Premier, like the last, cannot refrain from gibes and taunts at Victorians, and at those who have re claimed the deserts of his own colony. Mr. SERVICE'S appeal to him met with no sympathy, and there is evidently a large task, left to the veteran of Australian federation before he can see the great object of his political life accomplished. 