Telegraphic Items. : LONDON, Avtiusr 3. It is stated that .the Qneen is exert ing her influence to advance tho stay in England of . the .Right Kev. Dr. Barry, Anglican' Bishop of Sydney. It is considered profcllijo, , that \ lie. JJisVigp of Winchester or'lh'e Bishop of'Oiiest^ji1 will be prompted' *to.' the sob oi' Oxford, and that X)r. .parry will be oftoryd the vacancy go created. ' '*' Tho Right Rev. Dr. Moovt. Ro^'ai Catholic Bishop 'of Bollarat, will return to his diocese in October next, lie has, arranged to estilblish branches in Ballarat of two religio'ns orders in con nection with the'Oa'th'oltc Ohurch — tlio Sisters of Nazareth and tho Fathers of the Order of th^'Holy Ghost. ' '?'' '! ,. ''.''; . Avc-t;Hi 4. ' , The; report '; of ': the Prih-Aiiglicffh Conference' has'been' published7.11 It has been resolved not'to1 recogniKcv^livorc'e granted' upon other grotiiids ? thaii adultery, ? to refuse re-muriingi; -iq tho cose or the one gmlty ot the sulultisry uponi, which the divovco is granted, and to regard the/ person guilty, if' subse- quently married, as a polygamixti:; ?' On' the subject of infants not a'd mittfid, to baptism, the report 'is ;fa,v,c£i' ab'le.;' I '.,.'' .. ' ' ',2s. 6n the question of consecrating colonial primates as archbishops, the report is uiidecided, ? '?,„.,',,,*,' ^ '. ..,', . ? ,''','.'?' '',!!,_ . . ..'..';Aui.ii;sT 6' The death! is announced. of .the Very Rev. J. W. iBurgon,,V.B.D., Dean of Ohichester. -„ ' ': '' :- ' ? ?- ?-' The Right Rev. Dr. \Villiam Stublw, Bishop. of( Chester, has been translated to tile. See of Oxford. It is anticipated that tho vacancy so created will bo filled by tho Bight Rev. Dr. Alfred Bariy, metropolitan 'bishop of Sydney, now son a visit to England. .irf} ???-??' SYDNEY, 'Aye; tot 4.'^ The announcement'.'.' thai Bishop Barry is. likely to remain iii Jingland has created surprise -hero, hut it is generally believed that' thu bishop will riot remain long hero, as My* Barry's health has been unsatisfactory siuce her arrival. ?? - . Dr Cowie, Anglican Bishop of Auckland (N.Z.), is publishing a book detailing his ex periences of New Zealand. The'Popi'e has 'threatened' to leavo Italy owing to tlie strained relations which e.dst .between the Vatican and the TtiiHnn authori ties ; but the Po-iyers pay little ri^ni'd to tlie threat. The Tablet, the orpm of tin- Knglish Roman Catholics, is patiitnl »t. the uttitudb of ' the 'Irish pnrtv tmvnnl.s the l'upal Kescript. It called tlie cUnnoiist.racious ' disgraceful, ' and the spuech(.'5 ' rebel lious. ' It is probable that the next prc-idi'tit of the English AVesleyan Conference will be the Kev. Mr Bush ; but tlie younger liuil more aggressive school of jloiJiodists are seeking the election of Dr. fjfaphenson. An Episcopal iiot. — It is said Lhat tlie Bishop of London went to fee onu of Iilu parishioners, a lady with 'a urotli^iouis family, which had recent.lv bei-n inereascO. As he rose to leave, thu' lady stopped liiiii with, ' But you haven't seen my ln.^t baby,' 'No,' he quickly repliml, 'iiml I Jiever expect to 1' Then, it is sniu, lie lleil. ]'. Paster Harry Wood preached at tlio La\\\nceston Tabernaclu on Sunday evening last before a large conjji'egation. If is text was ' Marvel not that I say unto you, ye must be born again.' In the course of hjis address he referred to the practice adopted in the Church of England of baptizing iii infancy whereby a child was made ' a child of God and an inheritor of the Kingdom of heayen.' The preacher stigmatised such belief as a delusion, a .sham, and a lie ! Professor Driimmond, the author of tho well-known work, ' Natural Law in the Spiritual World,' delivered lately in Gros venor house, London, to an audience sprinkled with peers and members of Par liament, an address on Christianity, appar ently viewing it less under its theological tbnn its ethical aspects, as the religion without which there is no civilizntiori, remarking that where it is purest the development of civilization is greatest. W.KM0RIAT, Ouuncii. — The usual monthly ptmiU was held in the schoolroom of the Memorial Church on ilonday evening. Tea was on the table from G'30 to 7'ld, after whichja'meetinp; of the members and their 'frieri'ds' -yas held. Short addresses of froni flve'.to ten'minutes' duration were delivered by several of those present. The meeting was tfjiearty niul spirited one, and at its cqric^isifln Pastor Soltau gave a few prac tical remarks on united Christian work and the power of. prayer.. There was an efficient 'clibir,|fiiiId!'the'clinrch' string band' on the ^latfcji'mVlIisses'Stephenson ,and Drysddlo presiding at 'tlie organ. The meeting closed at 0-45. 