*itf .'f *'L r !i m colonial match.they have not only the distinction of gaining a decided victory by on innings and 86 runs, imt the additional distinction of being now lcfrel.with Victoria in the number of victories. In the match which dosed at a quarter past S o'clook on Tuesday, the Viotorlans were considerably weakened by the absence of M'H wraith, Midwinter, and J. W. Trumble, and New South Wales lost a first-rate man in Ferris, whose bowling arm is not yet thoroughly right.. The weather all through the match was delightful, and Victorians who have visited Sydney regularly for the. past 14. years in these matches state they never before experienced such bracing, genial days, free altogether from the moist, muggy heat to whioh Vic torians have such strong objection, and which seems characteristic of the: Sydney climate. The wicket eeleoted by the Victorian skipper was perfect from start to finish/and so was that chosen hy the Hew South Welshmen, as may. be gathered from the foot that the Victorians in their seoond. essay batted on their opponents'pitoh. The display of batting.and bowling was good, but the fielding of the Victorians, id the matter of oatching, was the worst I have seen for a long time. I think-the records of cricket would bp searched'in vain for any miss which proved as fatal to a side as M'S^ane's miss when he let Moses off first ball If that, dhapoe bad been taken, Victoria would probably have won easily. There were 8 down for 90 when Moses gave that chance, and if he had gone the board would have read 4—Or-90; but when the fourth wicket did fall the reading was 4—47—276. When Moses had made 111 he was missed at deep mid-oflf by Worrell off. Walters, and prior to that he wag missed by Blackham off Horan, and by Boyle off the tatter's own bowling. -He'was also missed by Trott off his own bowling when his score stood at 876. In addi tion to these disastrous mistakes. Wood, who made 81, was let off four times before he had reached 20. His partnership with Moses oaused 170 to be added to the score ; but despite the chances given fay Moses, 'lis innings was grand and masterful. It took him ibout 10 hours and a halt to compile his magnifioent icore of 297 not out, out of a total of 676, and even .be Victorians regretted .that he did not make an other three, so aa^ togive him the^ jtull round | three oebturiea His display for timing, placing, | patience, and imperturbable ooolness ooukf not be ex. :ellei, and from 111 to 276 not- the ghost Of a chance. eou/d be urged egoiast him. He invariably knew the right ball to bit, and never opoe faltered. At times be drove with tnuoh power and. freedom, and his 24 fours were in nearly every, instanoe the outcome of strokes whioh travelled fast over and along the grass to the boundary. Many fine hits of his were stopped hy iiruoe, Worrell, M'Shane, Trott, end others. His leg glancing was perfect, not even three men being able to stop his run-getting in that dlreotion. When Moses rescued 200 the applause was the loudest end longest continued ever heard on a cricket- field, and actually caused play to oease for a little time. Alto gether Moses may be very heartily congratulated on his splendid exhibition, and it was no mora than commensurate with bis deserts to be carried out by his comrades to the pavilion. It is not only as a cricketer, but as a man. that he Is popular, for apart from his batting skill, his style, mien, and air stamp him as oF sterling personal worth in every sense. If Moses had run well between wickets his score would probably have eupassed Murdoch's fine achievement ol 321 in 1882. Of Wood, the next to Moses on the New South Wales side, it may be said that after being let off the nmnber ol times already mentioned, he played sound aud attractive cricket.' lie seems a floe athletic man, with long reach and good style, which ouly wants cultivating to become' first-class. This applies particularly to his forward play to medlum-paoe bowling; He has some capital off strokes, and bits well to leg. I was much pleased with Burton's 47. He ployed the gome for his side, namely, to keep up on end while Moses . piled np the runs. It Is not every player who would show such commendable patience as Burton showed. Ills ftyle is sound and correct, and be can hit hard when he likes; he is undoubtedly a very much im proved batsmen, as well as wicketkeaper. M'DonneR played adminlMy for 42, and the catoh which dis missed him was worth going milos to see, it was so marvellously well token at forward cover by Bruce. Jones shaped like an artist for 27, and I was glad to see it, for report had ft tbat he had run osean oat of form. Garrett got h|a 21 by Wring and vigorous play, and A.. Bannermon's 19 was a highly meritorious essay. The dtrthing Maade failed to come oft Richardson'eslvlo took nnyfenoy. and I think he will be heard of in these matches if he sticks to the gome. At present he getr hut little pnetioe. AmonssttbeVictorian batsmen Horan was top in! mines, ■ " each innings, and his 63 and 68 were got in bis best trim. Bruce played a graceful, wrisfy, and dashing game for 65, andBlarirham's 64 was a good, but not faultless compilation, which included two or throe of the sweeten cute Imaginable. Houston SI aud 36, and Worrall. 31, played extremely well, and so did Walters for IB ana 44, the Utter bring an especially fine display on a wicket on whioh at times Tamer got a good deal of work, owing to one or two spots having crumbled. In the seoond innings Brace got 24, and Blackham 17, but both were missed by M'Donnell in the slips. Unstinted praise is due to Robertson for his 32 (not out), which included several capital off strokes. Trott played freely and well for 16\. and Trumble, who was run out, shaped in good style for a docen. . in bowling Richardson djd best for Sydney in the first innings, with four for 18. Turners one wiekei cost him 79. In the seoond be got five tor 102; Richardson is a plain, foft,howler, ana it was his pace which got rid of Bfibertson, Trott, and Worrall, Garrett bowled well, and Wdsd lmlsSained a very good length. To get tid of the Victorian team for 2<J7 was a first-rate result in slew of tiro perfect con dition of the wioket, and she Sydney men considered i that to stand a chanoe against them another hundred should have been put on by Victoria, and -they ward not far out Of the Victorian bowlers M'Shane bad iba best average, with throe for 04. He was punished a good bit at first, but afterwards be kept a flue length. Trott now and then bowled well, but when be lost Lis length be ieU into trouble. Boylu^toy^a capital J length aud had bad luck, Bruoo bowgid iu good form, and eo did Worrall, bat the latter had vary hard lines, Wood having bean missed throe times off him. No fewer than ten bowlers were triad, and there is no doubt, it they bad been at all deoentiy supported iii the New Booth Wales £otal j would have been less than that of ths Victorians. When the ball camp qjopg the grpm the firirilsg of the Victorianswaa flrytrrisg.eapambtiyBrace's. Bettor right bond be was equally aocmato, dexterous, and brilliant, and time after time his dash and trim return elicited loudapplause. Xba oateh, whioh die posed of It'DonheH oould not bars bean beaten, and Bruoe'e wood erf ully fine feat waa greeted with the very heartiest oooUmatioa. He, bow ever, marred the general effect of his fielding by badly misting Wood at forward oovar. ' Houston, fiott, and Boyle did well, though Trott has A debit note against him .for missing doses. I never row Blackham in eudhppqf fortn b&tod; the atfafrs. Until the last of the New South Wales Innings be did nothing to call for oomfltmehtsnr oommrot, but de cidedly the reverse. At the end, howsvsr.he naught Garrett twice, once one no-bad, and stumped Blcbaid i^1 ggtCTSS *017 in a twinkling, KlqrVhkm should perertoke a 'prig ttinty.for when he aerobe alntoet always falls atibe wlckrfa Bean, the enrageney man, firaefi wring' the temporary indisposition of H. Trumble, qhd ths young North Melbourne player,* ooqaltted himsslf, excellently wall, „ The New South Wehhmen fielded capitally, with CDS or two exoeptions. Burton kept wioket yraU, padi Turner did cxoellent work. So did Bichsrdsoo otj point, but be hod toe bod look to bafB^ndmi Blackham to toe first tontogt The Sira,i however, was right in BlohanttOn'a eyas. TM natch waa pleaaanfiy oontestad throughout. smi ths: fl.200, and toe nw^Seumnfil of lovers bf wicket who ware pTOroot Wstohed toe play from first to last with an Interest and aiwiractaftni> thai Vto tonao nnnnitiin jjf thn feck j torts. TkMsfafitoexnoUr urothelial ground, nadla quite enough to fin» wtotoarto sake ] the heart out of any bowler. - The ball •omaa olong j ^.r^'^P^Waouthaoou " — ^".uooo^iogij have ft oil. «ro» w«Ufilled fay rw planatforias to tow he had been tor three'hone! to a' hopeless search tor a dancing pavilion, , He carried hie daholng shoes ..with him, and came hack ex hausted to the hotel without. having had * solitary danoc. It Beems that Trott and il'ahane caused him to have this wild-goeke chaae by imposing upon hlmwith:afictitioua invitation. The Victorians desire their best thanks to be con veyed tor numerous acts of kindness and hospitality shown them during their stay by Messrs D. Gregory, V. Cohen, 01 Beal, P. Sheridan, and U Lcplastrief,' the last-named having taken the team in his yacht, the QipSy, to Hunter's Beach, Middle Harbour, where en exceedingly plea santday was spent. On Wednesday the New South Welshmen gave the Victorians a picnic to Pearl Bay, Middle Harbour, and the outing was.~Uioroughly en joyed by all who went. The theatrical proprietors, without exception,-placed the Victorian team on the free list, and the visitors were present to a man when the popular, and talented comedian, Mr. Hubert Brough, made hie reappearanoe on the stage of toe Criterion in the Forty Thievas," after his long and severe illness. TheJ^ietortans, notwithstanding their severe defeat, had a real good time, and very muoh admired the splendid manner in which the buildings in the city were .decorated with handsome flags and brilliantly illuminated, and the:streets adorned by triumphal arches, during toe Centennial celebrations, which lasted tor a week, during whioli festivity and rejoicing prevailed with unflagging seat, to the keen satisfaction of the many thousands who had come from Other colonies and from the .country to see the ahow. There was not a vacant.room to be had anywhere In the hotels, and some of the Victorian cricketers - had to camp on toe floor of the Oxford on the first night of arrival. Next day, however, toe (flayers were comfortably fixed, and received every attention from Mr. and Mrs. Thorpe. 