CHAPTER VIII. : " : :; i0ED Or AliDEEBOUGHB 'AT IiiST. On thadeckof the-ennardsteamer, twenty miles oat,'the rain pouring in torrents, stood DaUniston. His cap was thrust back from hisforehead^and fill the damp, rich, "locks were bidden,; For the first time in twenty four hours he breathed freely. He had been a close prisoner in his state-room. Whether - or not Isoline Huntley was on board he had; "n6 means of knowing, though hefiad listened in feverish anxiety for the soundof her Voice, -fancying it might reach him. He had not been in the cabin yet. The greenish white waterehurnedinto foam by the screw of the :great steamer had long ago changed its quiet for <tho -deep swell outside. The sky was steely gray, with not a cloud in eight, The flecks were w^t, slippery, and solitary. Here hnd ^here two or ihree old salts made their tppe'arahce oh the forward fleek. The cap ita ^stobd motionless on the bridge; the steersman bent his shoulders to the exigen cies iof Vhe hourj and Dnnhiston, wearying of the monotony, turned to go down, when he noticed a cloaked and hooded figure com ing op; ''For a mbment hit heart beat almost to suffocation; The hat, the veil, the water proof %ere all like Isolene's, but then hats, and Veils, and waterproofs are so much -alike- • • r He stood aside as she gained the upper deck. -The voice was familiar. . "Oh, Mr. Dnnniston 1" But it was not Isoline's. v ':" It was so close down there it nearly made mesiek. Oh, lamso gladto see yon 1 All onr party axe here bat Isoline." -He pat ap his hand to lift his cap that she might not see the change in his faoe. Bat she heard him titter: " Good Heaven !" be tween his teeth. " Iknew you would bs sorry to bear that," she said, witha-curious little laugh. "Soyou , see you wili.be obliged to be contented with j the company of thepfanet's satellites inBtead | of the planet herself. Too bad, for we can-! not possibly console yon." Don't be too sore, Miss Laura. But I —I thought it was' all arranged. " So it was.: The great luminary has done nothingforsix week but study maps of the; Continent—bless yon she knows all Europe no need for her to go there. But all at once sbeVays 'girls, I shan't go 1" and nothing we could say or do seemed to shake her reso lution—neither for a long time would she give the ghost of a reason. Betty fonnd oat I didn't—that she had received a foreign letter the day before. Whether that had any tirig to do with it or not, I can't telL" Again ashockthat shook the man to the very centre of his being. : He had dared all,. risked his very sonlj-and'this was the result. So far, Isolene was logti " Give me your arm, won't yon, Mr. Dnn niston ?. I declaTe. it is the firsttime that I overbad to ask that favor of a gentleman," and Miss Laura laughed again in her own stealthy way. "Ibeg ten thousand pardons—I—I have been travelling all night." . " Ah, that is sufficient apology. I know nothing that will make me so absent- minded nsloss of sleep. Ton axe forgiven." : Together they paced the deck till the rising wind and the unsteady motion of the vessel made it desirable that the cabin should be gained, and Miss Laura dung to her con ductor .in a way that might have flattered' some men, brilliant and pretty as she was. In the cabin the ladies flattered round him, each one solicitous to secure him. Walter Dannisfcon was esteemed a catch. Was he not next door to a title ? Bat among ^Utlie ladies,.only one followed his move ments with jealous, heart- breaking glances. That was Laura Veschofi, she who had just come from the upper deck, a Polish girl, un scrupulous, daring, and intellectual. Before he.had met Isoline Huntley, he had almost declared Ms preference for her, and she had given her whole heart to him—in a word was madly in love. By some adroit management she hired Mm into a corner. "I could: tell yon.il I chose, something of that - letter,"-she said, with downcast eyes vhat mind, it was not told to me by laolihe." i She saw the only -way in which Bhe conld interest him was to talk abont Isoline. He tamed to her, bent his whole attention to winning' her confidence. His smile dazzled her; the touch of his hand, ear ,easing hers, thrilled her. " Mr. Dnnni stonjV she said, abruptly, " were you ever married?'' : He had not expected this question, and it took all the latent power he waB master of to keep Ms countenance unmoved. "And what if I were?" he queried, coolly, "'would that be the unpardonable sin in Miss Isolene'eeyes ?" - " I rather think it would—provided"—she blushed a little, then dashed at the words— "yonr wife were living !" \- " Ah, that alters the case; pray who has .'beenslandering me 2 I trust Miss Huntley does hot imagine that I would insult her fay lotting my attentions on hex jin such a case." , t "dhdeed, Mr. Danniston, this letter, not only epoke of your marriage,but that you had a wife living." " Ten thousand curses on the dastardly in former!" cried Dunniston, with a sadden passion. Then after one or two heavy breaths, he eaw that the girl by his side had r turned deadly pale. "I ask your pardon, 'Miaa Laura,*but it is hard to be slandered be hind yonr back, harder still to think that your friends believe it." " Then ^hereis no truth in it whatever?" she uSked, -flushing again. " Half truth," he replied, with Ms usual serenity, f I have been married, bnt my wife is dead." i His voice had grown hoaree and low. He was conscious of an inward trembling, hate and a loathing of himself, of every body, " 0 j, thai acojtsnis tjt ii," sAd Mi>s Lanza, drawing a long breath. " After ail, one most blame leolene a little. Do you know, were I loved, all the world could not make me think ill of the beloved." j This she said looking into bis face with dewy, dark eyes, her bright month a little unsteady, the long lashes onrling against her brows. ' "No, upon my soul! I don't think yon would." he responded, with a glance of un dissembled admiration. This was the crowning aureola]of her hopes. For months she had been longing for just that glance, and in vain. : " Z wonder if he's going to flirt with me through the voyage, to console himself ?" was her thought. " I wish te Heaven this girl had Isoline's fortune 1" was his thought, and then he looked down and sighed. .If he could only have seen Ieoliue before his departure, that once might have been his golden opportunity; but now she was still free, and all the world was. courting her. j "Time to dress for dinner!" said Miss Laura, gayly, conscious that for a proper toilet all the braids and papillotrtes must come down that ware now snugly taoked away under her hat. Fortunately I am hot one of the victims of mal de mer—are you?" " I am never sea-sick," he said. "Then we must be friends on this voyage, sworn to put up with all the dullness and monotony, never to get angry at cards, and never to miss a meal. Au revoir V' "After all," mused Dunniston,as he turned away," I believe I always liked Miss Laura best; and as it is-:—" He frowned, and pressed his lips together. Perhaps a a vision came before him of a little white hand. Hurrying to his state-room, he made a few changes in dress, and threw himself moodily on the sofa, under the hull's-eye. A paper thathad been thrown upon the floor after serving the use of a wrapper, attracted his attention. He took it up. The date was a fresh one. "Ahl maybe this Is the ,paper. I don't think I've looked at the newspapers for a week. Gurions I .didn't ask Badden the date of his news. He's'an addle- brained fellow anyway." He went over the papar patiently. It was of that day's date. Suddenly, just before he turned to his last page, he uttered a loud czy, and sprang to his feet with an almost frenzied motion. His eyes gleamed, opening to their widest extent; his face changed all over—grew for a moment flushed, then darkened, and he dropped like a log on his seat. In that paper he had read of the unex pected death of the only person who stood between him and a title. The paragraph read thus: "We regret to state that Lord Dunniston died on Sunday, at his residence—Alder boughs—of apoplexy. We chronicled the death of his nephew a week ago, who was thrown by his horse while on a hunting ex pedition. The next heir to the title is a rather wild nephew, Biehard Walter Dnnnis ton. . Dick left his home several years ago, and is at the present time sojourning in America, to him, therefore, will descend the honor of keeping up the state of Alderboughs. We believe the money was left away from the heir expectant of the title, and trust the -young man may come on with a fine fortune, acquired in the new country, by marriage or otherwise." "Well,"and Dunniston drew a long breath, " then at last I am Lord Danniston. Lord DunniBtonl" he repeated sonorously; his voice.fell again—" but as poor as poverty it self. My bank holds just a hundred and fifty pounds, won on a wager. A pretty condition that for a man to be in who expects to be the future master of Alderboughs—a house that eats np more than that sum in a week." He lifted himself from the sofa, and stretched to his greatest height; Ijien stood and mnsed: "Lord Dunniston 1" he mufcered, gloomily, " and why Bhould it have oome to me 7" If she had had more faith in me—faith in me 1" and he langhed bitterly. " Well, at all events, we are quits now: if I have lost something, so has she. By heaven 1 she will suffer tor ture when ehe learns it. 1 know her proud nature. Yes, 1 shall at least make her suffer. As to the little Lady Laura"—he laughed to himself—" the 'lady'' suits my little Polish woman very welL She would suit it, too— such ravishing t&Bte; in dress, and quite as pretty—not so regal, but more lovably pretty than my Isoline. Pshaw 5' what am 1 dream ing off A more absolutely foolish romance conld not be cooked up. No, it won't do; bat I mast see what effect the news will have. I'll manage it after dinner." He was very gay during dinner. Miss ! Laura's heart leapt to her month when she noticed that he had contrived to change seats with an old Dutch farmer, who had made money enough to ''go acrosB," in order to sit by her side. Ah! it waB a dangerous position for her—loving him as she did to absolute in fatuation. " Miss Lanra," He said, just after dessert, I've some, very odd news to tell you. Contrive to get the rest of them at cards,or something, will you 2" 