WICKED ,SIR DARE. 'But I think the man who marries Eve will be a clever fellow. '-Are you paying me a round about compliment, or is it the other way?' said the captain. ' Speak out, my dear fellow, I haven't crossed the channel in this beastly weather to hear you hum and haw: Do you mean that I am out of count-that she has fallen in with some other man ?' 'My dear Delaine,' interrupted Sir Henry, growing a little alarmed at the sharp vehemence. ' You are not yourself to-night. The passage, has upset you; what have I said ? nothing. You know I am as anxious that you should wed her as you can be. I haven't forgotten the little piece of paper which you gave me a year ago ! You haven't forgotten it your self, no doubt. And as to the other qules tion-why I tell you that the poor girl has been at death's door, and hasn't seen a soul. Now in the old days you had to run against Lord Orton, but he has left the field-I don't know where he is.' ' I do,' said the captain, curtly. ' Don't waste time about him ; I got him out of the way. God knows there was no occasion for;it.', -. .' Elih ?' exclaimed Sir Henry. The captain pulled up short and smiled. ' Never mind Lord Orton,' he said, 'he is safe and sound, pottering about the Jaidin des P/antes in Paris, Tell me about Eve-how long it 'eems since I have seen her, not since the night that made you a baronet,. Neville,' and he -slifted his-upper lip with rather a doubtful s; mile. : ' Poor girl ! How it struck her down I That was a night Neville ! And and she is lovelier than ever, you say? , You can soon judge for yourself,' re plied Sir Henry. 'They asked me to bring you over to dinner to-morrow.' The captain's face lit up . with pleased eagerness. ' There will only be ourselves, of course, she is not well enough for dinner parties 6r anything of that kind.' ! To-morrow,' said the captain almost to himself; ' I wonder if she'll be glad to see m?e ?' Sir Henry looked up and grinned.' ' Anyone would think you were in love with her,' he said, laughing. Captain Delaine flushed hot as he flashed his dark eyes upon the grinning face. 'Don't speak of love, Neville; you don't know what it is.' Then suddenly he turned and laid his white hands upon Sir Henry's shoulders, andashook him with rather a fierce kinid of pleasantry. " You know nothing of the troubles of love-do you? You're such a lucky 'devil, aren't you I Look at' you I Here you are, Sir Henry Neville, baronet, of Neville Park I Why, if it had been anyone else iin your place their brother would have married and had fifty children to cut you out ! Why, Dare might lhave married .over and over again on the sly,' under the rose, and have left a' strong, hearty 'boy to step in between you and the title ? But he didn't, did he?: Eb? N6:o1' yoiu're such a lucky dog I ' Ah I ahl' . , : And with a laugh that was anything' bit 'musical 'or' mirthful, he almost:' thiew' Henry backwards., • , Dinner'is served, 'Sir Henry,' said a servant. Dinner is .served, Sir'Henry !' repeated the captain, almost mockingly, ' Let us go, eat and be merry, you lucky dog I' 'You're a.strange fellow, Delaine !' lae muttered.with a would-becomplacentsmile. :.Yes, am I not !' retorted the captain, ,showing his teeth, with a vicious smile. And youi're such a lucky dog, eh ?' ...'The,, captain had very little appetite. All the: channel, my dear Lady Neville,' he declared. 'If the sins that channel ihaid to answer for were thrown into it, it :would fill it up.' '" .. But he? drank plentifully of the rare Neville claret, apd pleading a very natural weariness retired at an early hour. Tired as he was, however, he did not go to bed immediately, but, having got rid of Sir Henry's valet, fell to pacing the room with the noiseless tread of a sleek panther. 'Not myself,' he muttered, stopping suddenly, and confronting his pale face in the mirror; 'not myself, the complacent fool said ! And yet he was right, I am not myself. What is the old story,' he mused, smiling at himself half-impatiently, half-fiercely-' the old story of a man going to sleep, and waking up to find that some evil genii had stolen his soul and put his own in its place. I feel like that ! yes, I am changed-and by what ? A woman I I who have played with them as a child plays with a toy, or rather as the Indian snake-charmer plays with the rep tiles that are deadly for all but him. I have played'with my snake, and the beau. tiful, dangerous creature has turned and bitten me. 'In plain language, I am in love I-I, who have laughed and sneered at it as a disease which could never touch me, have been smitten by it, and lie help less. Oh, Eve, Eve I you have done this \- -you whom I thought to find an easy victim, a ductile piece of clay in my hands, have conquered and moulded me -conquered me utterly ! for now it is not of your fortune that I think-I swear that I have learned to forget it !-but of you. How I trembled when that pompous fool prated about your death. How I trembled to think that I might have lost you, after all- after, all l But that must not be; you shall be mine ! mine.!,. Yes, if a thousand devils stood between us; I would win you, Eve-my Eve l for I hold a card that must win you-my Eve!' And with her riname still upon his lips, the once calm and self-sufficient schemer fell into a broken sleep. Clouds gathered before the morning, and snow commenced to fall; it snowed during a greater part of the day, so that the INevflle carriage made the short journey fom the Park to Holmwood quite noiselessly, the snow lying four inches thick. The captain had recovered somiething of his old buoyant air of self-confidence during the day, and had dressed himself for the evening with the most scrupulous care. The rather haggard look which had .beeh 'so noticeable the night before had disappsared, and, as Lady Neville thought, the 'captain looked handsomer than ever. 'What a magnificent night !' she said. 'Quite an old-fashioned winter we are going to have, that is certain. I hope I shall find Eve better to.night. I expressely "'begged Mrs. Rivington to let me know if she did not think Eve equal to the little e'xiteinent of visitors. 'We are all old friends,' murmured the captain, softly. ,Lady Neville tapped him with her fan .a*gorgeous one of crimson satin, hemmed with Honiton, and.. smiled 'aribhly. ' " ' Old friends are dangerous' sometimes,' she'said. . . The captain srsiiled, 'as in duty bound, and just then Holmwood came in sight. He lookled p at'bhe broad pile showing up majostically in the moonlight, and his eyes flashed with sudden thouglst-' It may bee mine V' btit he said i~i`etly enough= 'The house shows well in this light, Lady Neville.' ' Yes- yes-very well, but' i: is not so large as the Park, nor so old, ,you know,' put in Sir Henry, with'. pettish jealousy. 'IThe carriage hurled up the broad drive, from which the gardeners had, swept the snow, and the footman leapt.doy'n to open the door. The captain, always gallant and prompt, got out and gave his arm to her ladyship. As he did he started slightly, and Lady Neville, looking up, saw that he was staring towards the shrubbery. 'What's the matter?' asked Sir Henry. 'Get in, my dear fellow. It's snowing like mad !' 'I beg your pardon,' exclaimed the captain, hurrying her ladyship up the steps; 'a man came across the lawn-one of the gardeners, I suppose.' 'The second keeper, sir,' said one of the servants, touching hi hat. The Captain laughed. . 'Just so-I didn't think it was a ghost.' 'As Eve did at the. Park; don't you remember? said her ladyship, laughing, Sir Henry pushed past them. ' What nonsense you two talk I' he said,; irritably. 'What a beast of a night. Here,' to one of the +footmen, 'take the coat and get it dried. Mind, dry it; don't throw it down on ..chair, and forget all about it !' he added, peevishly. 'If there is anything I detest it is damp clothes,' and with this pleasant introduc tion to the evening they entered the room. Aunt Floss came forward to meet them. 'How do you do, my dear ? What a wintry night. Won't you go upstairs? No.. How do you do, Captain Delaine? You are looking very well.' The captain bowed over the old lady's hand, and then sent a swift, searching glance round the room. It was comfort ably and not dazzlingly lighted, after the modern and sensible fashion, but he saw a form clad in soft dove colour at the other end of the room, and with a sudden gleam of his dark eyes he went forward. For a moment as he took her hand he could not speak, but his eyes were elo quent as he looked at- the face of the woman who was the only one for him in all the world. Eve was silent, too-and pale, with downcast eyes. He felt that her hand was cold in his-save that she was moved -and :he endured an agony of uncer tainty in the next moment: Was she glad to see him ? . With a low-voiced, commonplace re mark he took the seat next Aunt Floss and commenced to talk, not glancing at Eve again, although his eyes seemed drawn towards her by an almost irre sistible attraction. 'You must tell us all about your travels, Captain Delaine,' said Aunt Floss, looking at him amiably over her spectacles. ' Do you lknow, I said to Eve this morn ing that I quite looked forwvard to seeing you and hearing all the foreign news; you always make it so interesting.' 'Thecaptain bowed. 'I am a terrible chatter-box, I am afraid, but you must not let me bore you.' Dinner was announced immediately afterwards, and they paired and went into it. The captain was seated at Eve's right hand, but he knew better. than' to take a too rapid advantage of it, and'during the soup he talked in. a 'getieral, way to'the whole table, 'never once addressing'Eve particularly. He knew by' her silence, by the very turn of the exquisitely-shaped neck, that she would rather he did not speak to her, and he was too good a tacti cian to embarrass both himself and her. But after a little while, when the entrees had gone sound, he turned to her and made some' coinrhoriplace remiik about the weather, which she' could answer or not as she chose. Then gradually he started the rest on a topic which they were all interested in, and drew away from the 'conversation. S' I am glad to see you better,' he said, in his low, soft voice. ' Eve inclined her head. ' Thanks, yes, 1 am' much better,' she Said, lifting her eyes to his face; with a strange look of reluctance, .which he was conscious of and struggled' against; 'in deed, I am quite well. Haive' yosi, been well ?' Yes,' he said carelessly, 'with 'the? ex ception of a slight fever which laid 'ine by the heels for a week in Paris.' . . ' You have been travelling a "reat'deal ?' said Eve. ' Yes,' he answered,, with a low laugh; almost as bard as a queen's messenger. I only arrived in England ' yesterday at daybreak.' ' You must be very tired,' said Eve; ' I know' what crossing the channel in the late autumn is, it must be worse in winter.' The captain shrugged his' shoulders. ' I am seasoned to it, and do not notice it very much, besides I was 'very anxious to get to England. I should have been here earlier but for that troublesome fever; yes, I was very anxious to get back,' 'Eve looked down with an unwelcome recognition of the significance in the words and his way of speaking them. '.You will find it rather dull, here in :he country, after the continent,' she said. SNo,' he r.plied, shaking his head; ' I am never dull,, least of all down here, Some of the.Thappiest days of my life have been spent in Hampshire.' Eve looked across the room coldly; he noticed the:look, took warning, and in stantlycommenced to tell her. of some amusing adventure that had happened. to him crossing from Switzerland to Germany It was a -.mere nothing; an affair of a dressing case and a stupid porter who did not understand the captain's German, but as he told it, it was irresistibly amusing, and Eve was beguiled into a smile and then into.one of her rare musical laughs. Aunt Floss looked across the table approvingly. ' ' That is the first time Eve has laughed since I sinceI am afraid to say when. I knew Ciaptain Delairie would amuse her! What is that about the dressing case? He must tell us in the'drawing room.' It was not the only adventure which he had to relate, there were others, equally amusing and worth listening to, and in sensibly bnt surely Eve was drawn, for the time, at least, away from her attitude of cold reserve; it was irresistible, the palpable desire to please and interest which was the great charm of Captain Delaine. It was the practised and astute man of the world putting forth all his perfected powers against a woman. The dinner which had threatened to be very dull, was both interesting and enjoy able, and Aunt Floss who had put off rising as long as she could, said, when she did give the signal ' We will leave you to your wine, butt don't be late for tea ; and don't let captain Delaine exhaust all his stories, Sir Henry.' ' His store is inexhaustible,' said Sir Henty, gruffly. CI5APTER XXXVII . Aunt Floss need not have been afraid, for the captain did not seem too much inclined to conversation after the ladies had gone. Instead, he drew his chair to the fire,.and drank his wine almost in silence. Sir Henry had almost gone to sleep, when the captain rose and suggested that they shotld go into the drawing-room and look for the ladies. 'Perhaps we shall find your tongue at the same time,' laughed Sir Henry. The captain smiled rather daily. 'Do you think Napoleon talked much on the morning of Waterloo?' he said grimly. Sir Henry looked up at his handsome face with uneasy surprise; it was slightly flushed, and the eyes seemed restless and unnaturally brilliant. There was no time for question orremark and they passed into the drawing-room. Aunt Floss was seated at her post in front of the. little tea-table, and Lady Neville was listlessly drooping over the piano. Eve was seated on'a low chair near the fire, hler face concealed by a JapaneSe .screen ': Lady Neville roused up at the entrance of'the gentleman after the manner of her, kind, and begged Captain Delaine to bring her a cup of tea. He got the tea for her, and then asked her to play. ' ' Oh,. I've forgotten all my!:music, you troublesome men,' she exclaimed ; ' but I will play you that old sonata:of Schubert's if you will' only promise: to sing after. wards.' .. 'Willingly.' Her ladyship at once set about ' mur derirg poor Schubert.' The captain, with all his teeth on edge, did not care to listen, and watched across at Eve. The screen was down now, and he could see her face, with all its delicate beauty, thrown up against the firelight, and set off by the dove-coloured dress. He was so lost and absorbed watching her that he-was almost guilty of a start when Lady Neville brought her dire work to an end, and said in her most bewitching tones 'New, you ungrateful man, you have not listened to a note, and my fingers ache. You shall sing two 'songs for. punishment.' ' Fifty-if' you' will listen to them,' he said. The piano was placed in a recess that was almost large: enough to be' called a room, and 'the persons at' the fire could neither see nor hear the conversation at the instrument, and Eve, not knowing that the captain was about to sing, started as his exquisite voice rose softly. Eve listened, and forgot Ellen Linley's half-expressed warning-forgot every thing but the charm of that sweet, liquid voice, singing the sad little Provencal ballad, which she had heard so often in the Swiss valleys. What made him choose that she wondered ? How was it that he always succeeded in linking himself in an indisputable way with her most sacred. emotions of the past? The screen. drepped in her lap, her hands folded them-. 'selves, and she leant' back in a sort of trance. "Softly, softly-still so softly-the song:drew' to' a close, and he stood be sidebherv , ' ,' ' , . " - S'An old ballad. Do you know it,' he 'said. ''' I:am very fond' of music of that kind, and am half inchlined to think that it is truerthain the: new-fangled strains we. get ri'now-a-days. There is an old Alsatian chansonnette amongst the music in the canterbury; would you-do you feel strong enough-to sing it ?' Eve shook her head. He bowed with the truest breeding; then seemed about to speak, ihesitated, and at last said very quietly S'I think that I could remember it if you would be so very kind as to play the accompaniment-if you are sure that' it would not trouble you too much I' Eve 'rose; it was impossible to refuse, and glided to the piano, looking like that vision 'of youth and loveliness which Dante dreamed of the night before he met and loved Beatrice. ' We've seen the last of Delaine,' said Sir Henry, struggling- with a yawn. 'Once get him to the piano, with someone tsý play and listen to him, and you've got rid of him for good. What do you say to dummy-whist? I hate a three-cornered game as a rule; you might as well ask that footstool to play whist to-night as ask Delaine.' Aunt Floss was agreeable to anything, as usual, and before the captain had found his Alsatian song, the card-table had been wheeled out and the game begun. Eve's white fingers touched the keys and the song commenced. The captain had not forgotten it, and the melody rose and floated through the room as intense floats through the cathedral-he had never sung better or with more feeling and Eve, when he had finished, let her fingers glide over the symphony, almost unconsciously ' Are you tired ?' he said. She looked up with abstracted eyes then started. SNo, thank you I Will you sing another ?' ' It I can prevail upon yoa to play for me,' he replied, humbly. 'I am not quick at reading music by sight. Will you?' ' Oh, yes,' she said, and he found another song and sang it. It was a little ballad of Herve's, an ordinary song nothing more or less than the lover's complaint of the coldness of his mistress. Sung by the average young man of the day, it would have meant nothing and passed unheeded, but the musician poured something of his own soul into it, and it was. transformed into a passionate and veritable appeal. Eve, as she listened to the words, to the :sweet, passionate pleading music, felt the blood rush to her face-she dared not look up; every word seemed addressed to her-every note was a beseeching prayer-the music began to swim and grow confused. She struck a false note, lost her play, and suddenly stopped. ' I am yery sorry,' she said, looking up. Then she rose suddenly, for, she had met the full regard of his passionate eyes and was frightened. 'You are tired !' he said. ' How thoughtless of me l I have worried and distressed you-I 'who- Eve !' he broke off suddenly, putting out his white hand, touching her arm-- almost holding it. ' Eve, bear with me I Let me speak tq. you for five minutes-do not. refuse, I, implore you I Oh, you will not refuse to hear me !, "' She tried to speak, but his eyes, shining dark and luminous from his pale face, seemed to charm her as a bird is charmed by a serpent, ind she stood powerless to move. HIe took her hand, and, placing it on his arm, drew her with tbe. gdntlest force to one of the wide bay windows which was quite hidden by the curtains looped back in the recess. There, to all intents and purposes, they were in another room. Eve made one faint effort to withdraw her hiand, but his fingers closed over it. ' ' No f' he pleaded, his voice music it self, his man',er full of devotion ; 'let it remain, Eve, if only till you have heard. You shall take it from me then-if you have the heart ! Eve, if you but knew how I have looked forward to this moment, with what mingled torture and delight, of dread and lope-yes, for I have in some sanguine moments dared to hope-you would pity me I I think,' he continued, putting his hand to his forehead with a nervous gesture, ' I am sure that you have never undergone what I have endured these last three months, for I have not only battled with a passion that has conquered and rent me, but I have suffered the. anguish of knowing that the women I loved was perhaps passing from me for ever. Oh, Eve, if you could but known how the scant tidings of you that reached me-how they tore my heart in twain ! God I how I have suffered I But -I did not wish to speak of that-it escaped me unawares, I wanted to tell you that I have come to you to-night to kriow my fate. I have come, Eve, to take my life's happiness at your hands-or a life's misery. What can I say-the grandest -words that poet ever uttered would . sound poor and insignificant compared with the love I bear for you. I can only say"that one short sentence, so full' of terrible meaning for me: I love you,' Eve! I. love you as never man loved yet I Ah 1' for with a sudden force Eve released her hand, and clenching it tightly,' pressed it against her side. ' Eve, you must hear mel I Do not speak yet . I know whatt you will say. I have gone over this scene, believe me, times beyond number-night after right, when I lay tossing with fever or tracing the silent streets. Eve, I love you, and I.implore you not to say that you give me something of that love back, but to promise that you will let me try and, win your love. I known what stretches between us, but no gulf is so wide but love can span it. I know what you ?will say-I read it.in your eyes'; but still, hear me, Eve 1 I repeat that I love you, and I ask-I pray you to be my wife 1' Pale,. but proudly-strong as yet, Eve stood and looked down at him. He had sunk on one knee, and had. caught unconsciously in his passion the edge of her dress. 'Be your wifel' she repeated, with a wild, unnatural smile. ' You say that you love me, an l ask me to be your wife; you wish me to answer you. I do answer you -it is impossible I' 'iNothing is impossible to such love as mine I' he answered, his lips trembling. 'Look at me, Eve I Mine is no ordinary love. I have knelt to many a woman, but my heart has bowed itself to none but you; I have never loved before, I shall never love again. Here I offer you my heart, my life l Will you spurn them ? Eve, I love you ! Will you marry me?' Eve drew her breath hard, and then looked down at' him with resolute eyes, 'No I' You do not ask me if I love you; had you done so, my answer would have been the same-No ! You ask me to marry you ; it is impossible! Captain Delaine; you must not kneel at my feet another moment, you must not speak another,word-l am married ahleady ' He bent his head and pressed her dress to his lips ; then he looked up with a flash of his eyes. ' You think to overwhelm me. I know it I-I have known it for the last five weeks. It nearly killed me.' ' You-you-knew it l' faltered Eve. 'Yes,' he said, his voice shaking and breaking;' ':I knifdw more. Eve, be brave, be strdng, and I-F will tell you all I' She pressed' her hand to her bosom, and leant against the corner of the window. 'Ilam strong.' . 'Can you bear it?' he asked, clutching at her dress. ' Can you-can you ?' 'Go on,' she said, almost inaudibly. ' When did you find it out?' ' Five weeks ago. Eve, I have been to Lucerne, I have been to Basle; I have seen the register-I know all. You can not tell me that there is anything between us now I' ' Her eyes closed, and a shudder ran through her frame; she motioned him to continue. 'Eve, why have you concealed it all this time'? Was it because you thought he had deceived you, and done you a grievous wrong? If so,' you were misled; The marriage was 'as valid as any that ever was made. "You are his wife-you are lady Neville I' Eve started with dazed eyes that saw nothing. ' 'His wife-yes, I knew it. Where is he ? Oh, if you know,' and she bent doyn towards him with outstretched hands, ' tdll me-tell me I Where 'is he ? -Let me go to him I It is too long-too long I we have been apart so long I'. The man at her feet turned white. 'Eve,' he said hoarsely, 'what does this mean? You know that Sir Dare Neville is dead- ' She shook her head, like some dun4b creature in pain. ' ' Not him'l-I do not think of him,.but of my husband I' and at the sacred word she hid 'her face in her hands. ' Your husband P? he .repeated. 'Was inot Dare Neville 'your husband ? You. were married to Dare Neville at Basle, for. I have seen the register-have traced him back to the same hotel with you, and found him under the disguise of Edward, Arnold.' With a gasp, as if for breath, Eve stag gered forward. He sprang to his feet, and caught her in his arms. ' ' ' Eve !-my Eve-m'y darifling be: strong, be brave I .Listen l-they will hear you-they will know all I Oh, my dirling-my poor darling I ' and he bent his head to press a passionate kiss upon her white lips; but with a violent shudder Eve came back to life-drawn back, as it were, by her danger, and putting up her hand, wrenched herself from his embrace. Then, white and panting, like some hunted stag that has turned to bay, she confronted him. 'Is-is this a lie? Do not speak! No, I see it in your face: it is true I oh, God I' and she covered her face with her hands for a moment, but the next mas tered her anguish and turned upon him again-' and knowing this- knowing this, you came to me to offer me your love; you came to insult me-a wife-a widow of three months, with the story of your passion ? Oh, God ! if I were but a man to strike you ! Do not touch me ! Your love ! You do not know what love means I Oh I if you know, if you could but guess how I hate and loathe you as you kneel there !' With an oath he sprang to his feet, and stood before her with clenched hands and white face. ' Is this what. you have to say to me ? Is this how you treat my love; how you reward me for all the tenderness I have poured out upon you? all the devotion with which I have hung upon your foot steps ? Eve, beware I Such love as mine is like a two-edged sword; it cuts both ways. Accept it or refuse it, it must make itself felt l..E.vye, you will not spurn me I You dar.e not I' She looke'd at him with tightened lips. ' Dare not I' she whispered, almost inaudibly; 'No I you dare not I My love would turn to hate, and destroy you I I am no weak fool to be turned aside by a light word. I have sworn to win you, and I wkill do it. Foolish girl I' he hissed, grasping her arm and bending towards her. 'Do you forget that I hold your good fame in my hands? How will you explain that clandestine marriage? that assumed name? his long silence? How could you endure the shrugs and the sneers of the world that has been at your feet? I come to you and offer you a haven of escape-refuse to accept it, and I will raise the storm that shall wreck you I Eve, you shall, you must yield I' She looked at him, white and speechless; the fascination was creeping over her. She felt a tightening at her throat, a sing ing in her ears; the murmur of the voices from the the other room came dimly.. to her as'if they were miles away; and through it all she saw the man she had loved- oh God I the man who had died: and whom she would never see .more !-as he had stood beside her that summer morn when he had called her ' wife 1' The man by.her side bent down and whispered.. ' Eve forgive me I I am mad to-night 1 My lovehas changed me to I know not what I Yoti ivill not say no I Think l Sit down here quietlytgnd think I You cannot doubt my love-you know that you are in my power-you dare not-eh ! what do I say? What need is there to use such force when you will take pity on me and come of your own accord ! See, darling, rest here for a few moments while I go to them-I hear them talking-stay here till I come back to you and think-think I' . He pressed her face to his lips again as he finished and left her. No sooner had he gone than the spell seemed to be removed. With a suppressed cry of alarm and terror Eve sprang to her feet and looked round as if for escaple. Instinctively her hand went up to the window, she un. fastened the clasp and softly opened the door; ;then unhesitatingly, although the snow lay thick on the ground, she, threw the curtain aside with a quick, trembling hand and glided out into the night. CAAPTER XXVS II. It was a wintry night, and yet not an unpeaceful one; there was little or no wind, and the snow fell as softly and as silently as down from the breast of a dove but it fell quickly and thickly, and the second keeper, as he trudged on his beat through the snow-clad wood, looked like the image which the boys had been hard at work at on the green, ever since the snow commenced to fall. It was a night, with all its peacefulness, in which a man might be tempted to wish himself indoors, and betake himself there if he got the chance; but the under-keeper either did not mind the snow, or was too faithful to his duty to think of shirking it. So he trudged on, keeping his gun under the shelter of his coat, and occasionally putting up his gloved hand to wipe the white sky.fleecefrom his tawny beard and moustache.. Once or twice he swung round in his, steady trutdge and lacked with a curiously wistful look at the bril liantly lighted windows of the house, especially at those of the dining and drawing-rooms.. And he always resumed his onward trudge after these stray glances with a sigh that was very(mo. rnful and longing. At last he turned ofl?'on to the footpath which led towards his cottage, muttering ' Too snowy even for a poacher-I may as well get in I' In a few minutes he came within sight of his solitary home,'I and having shaken himself like .a. Polar. bear, to get rid of the snow from his clothes, and well scraped his heavy beot'she struck alight and entered. ".It, was. of cturse, all dark and cold, but the second keeper was not a rman to. be disheartened by a look of welcome, and with business-like promp titude, set 'to work and ignited a fire, watched it with grave assiduity, and soon had acheerful.blaze and glow all over the little room. Then he lit his lairp, and put on his kettle for tea, and made other preparations for the same meal,: which being at last prepared, he sat down there to, after a most elaborate ablution and generalbrush up, and ate as heartily as a stalwart Englishman should.do, who has been tramping about in snow for three hours. Then with the orderly neatness of the most precise housewife, he cleared the remains of the meal away, andeof course, got out his pipe. As he stood up to light it, the gleam of ffre"fell upop his face, and for the first because hitherto it had been concealed we 'dabTsee that it is-- avfranrsk, handsome face, that would have to be described as a gay and genial one also but for the wistful, waiting expressioh' 'about 'the delicate, dark blue eyes; The figure is no less striking than the--face; the artist would at once have pic'ured it'clothed in the romantic grab of bygone mediaeval days, ;and easily realized'ctsw well the gay trappings would have been. set off. But it looked graceful and stalwart enough in the' rough, dark-brown velveteen of his class to warrant the aforesaid artist mak ing a sketch of it on the spot. But there was no. artist nor any one else to see it-all was as silent and solitary as the grave, and as he sat over the fire, puffing at his pipe, he looked like a youthful Rip Van Winkle who had awakened-to reverse the scene -in a sleeping world. , He sat for some time, smoking and thinking, and by degrees his eyes softened and his' lips, moved in that audible soliloquy and self-communing which solitary people invariably grow into. A man must talk, and if rthere is no other listener, then he must talk to himself. ' Yes,' he mused, poking the fire, as if resolved to attract its attentiorn, . say what you like, I am right-I have been quite right 'all through. What ! force myself on a pure, innocent girl, who does not love me !-Take advantage of a right over her which I acquired by a trick, and which she yielded by an impulse I Not while I've got an ounce of honour left. No-I gave her her freedom when .she asked for it, and I 'on't take it from her-certainly not now when she is rich and powerful not now, certainly. What would the world say ?-not that I care for the world I-but what would she think? God bless her I She'd shrink from me as a mercenary villain, who knew what was going to happen, and caught her in a trap. No, you are free from me, dear little one. I can watch over you and guard you still, but it is not for me to break the vow I took never to claim you while I lived.' He looked at the fire, and his face grew very dark; and mechanically, as if the habit were a confirmed one with him, he slid his hand into the breast of his coat, and drew out a silk neckerchief. It was a lady's, though it was spotted with blood; and be laid it on his hand caressingly, and looked at it as a man looks at the relic of a dead-and-gone love. I don't think the under-keeper was a man given to tears, but there was some thing suspicious in the way in which he suddenly thrust the stained neck handker chief into his breast, and reached for the tobacco for a second pipe. ' Yes,' he mutte'ed, as he lighted the pipe 'I can watch over her, atd there's need for it, it I'm not mistaken. Take care, my fine gentleman, how far you go. I can trust her, as I would an angel, but I trust you justas far as I fee you. I'll keep my vow, and lay no claim to her; but, by the heaven above us, if ever there was a dog in the manger, here is one !' and he struck his broad chest with a sud den passionate thoroughness which was ominous. Then he strolled to the win dow, and looked out. ' Snowing still ! How cosy and com fortable the windows of the house look I There you are, my darling, inside there, like a rare and lovely gem in a casket I my gem I-no, not mine, for I yielded you back to yourself, ere I had done more than wear you for a moment on my breast There you are my darling, rich, and safe, and happy I wonder are you singing now, or laughing, perhaps, as you used to laugh I It is strange,' he broke off, addressing himself with a curious questioning, ' I have not seen you laugh, and there is not much laughter in your face! But you must be happy; you have forgotten the old times, the scamper to Basle; you look upon it as an absurd piece of girlish romance, no doubt--no'doubt I Yes,' and be sighed, you have forgotten it-and mned' Then his soliloquy ended, if his musing did not. He went back to the fire and sat down not to read, but to dream of that which he assured himself shehad forgotten. Meanwhile the mistress of Holmwood, the young heiress whom all the world was envying, as the possessor of youth, beauty and a million of money, and who, there fore, the world argued, must be the hap piest of mortals, stood hesitating for a moment outside her own house, un decided which way to fly. She knew that only a few minutes would elapse before the man from whom she was flying would return to the room and discover her absence; she did not stop to consider from what she was flying, or whether she could not best ensure her own safety from his dominant will and bold audacity by seeking refuge in her own apartments. The on -idea-flight -away from him and the house-predo minated; and after the half moment of hesitation she sped lightly across the lawn and the ornamental garden, which ran quite round the house, made for the preserves, drawn there by the instinct which prompts the pursued to seek the nearest shelter that gives promise of con cealment. 