rrTr- Hawaiian Superstitions. ! ! A Verandah Chat. .' BY BELLE OSBOURSE. " What a superstitious lot tlicso Kanakas aro I" says Joe", who is stretched put in tho bamboo chair, on' tlio, verandah, the incon- liaht tbrowlui: tho Shadow of tlio vines over his long figure clail In white linen ; " if they hare tho toothnuho, and It rains; why, hcavon weeps in Sympathy ; if tbo littlo keiti steals the raw fish'of his grandmother, bnngggoca tho thunder, nnd heaven ts nngry." "They nover BCcra to think," says tho navy officer, drowsily, from tho hammock; "that it heaven wept with everyono who lind tho henrtnolic, by Jove I this would ,;bo a pretty damp place to live in i" \- I am sitting on the verandah steps, idly watching the moonlight on the mango, surely tho most beautiful- tics thnt grows, almost Uo' perfect in shape, shadowy, with shlningleavcs. .' " Yes," I say, reflectively— bang I falls a mango on tho root — " they ore full of a thousand littlo superstitious .tricks and mysteries ; doa't you know how they pouid littlo sticks into the ground boforo tlieir enemies' houses 1" ' What's tuat for?" from tho ham mock.' "It brings death to any one who steps on them. Oh, they profess religion, and' sing, and pray sincerely enough; but ns Btira ns anything is tho matter with them, they get frightened and scad for their kahunas " And what might a kahuna bo f" "Oh, thoso kt thunarV Joe gives an Im patient kick ; ' they mako mo tired I Thoy do tbo awfuicst things I They are a sort of doctor and priest combined! and everything they say is all right. Kid falls into the firo and gats burnt. Kahuna comes, eats npicco of roasted black pig—" '.It Is always n black pig," I Interrupt, "and then they go to sleop and pretend to dream." "Who's tolling this story?"— a msn always thinks ho can tell a story bettor thnn his wife—" When ho finishes his mnmmery with tho black pig, or chicken, or cat, bo heats a board red hot and applies It to tho hum. now on cartli they explain matters, when tha kid dies, I don't know." " The strangest thing to mc," I remark, in a meek snubbed way, " Is tho aiiaana" " I'vo beard of tlmt," said ho of tbo brass battons, lighting n cigarette, and giving a momentary Itombranilt effect of broad white forehead nnd straight nose, and thon fadlrig back into shadow ; " but do you really be- licvo ill" " Bclicvo it I Why, the kahunas havo in their power every Kanaka in tbo kingdom. If tticy suspect tbo priAt going to anaana them, or pray them to death, thoy llo right down and die, nnd not nil the king's horses, orall'tho king's men, to say nothing of tho white doctors, can save them." ' ''Well, you -know," from' Joe, "Doctor Thompson says that ho is absolutely power less to save a man who ia. being prayed to death. He says ho has tried to erg lie with tbem that- thoir dissasa is riot fatal and thoy; can riot die, bat thoy prove thoir side of tha argument by giving rip tho ghost.'? ' - ; "I remomber when oar ship was at Htlo,",' Said tho navy officor, " wo heard of a.nntlvo, politician, who. got awfully angry!at thrco. men for not voting his ticket, Ho.pald a' kahuna a lot of money to aiiaana them, ! Tho; fores men defied him for a time, -arid .swag-; goredribout, pretending, riot to care, bnt they, gavo right rip , to tho first-nilmeht they ho'd; ono died ! of a cold, anuther succoiiibed tothomnmps, and the third one simply klokod .the buokot because bo realised - that it was bis fate," . ' ' :i ' V;'v; ; !' " They predicted whon Like-Liks was go ing to .dio," I chip in. i"Ybn never saw her did yon 3 Bho was young, bright, gay, and the best looking; of the royal family. Sba dressoil fashionably, was a beautifal waltzer; and spoko English fluently.! 'She -seethed to- be abovo snperstltion, and yet she died when they said she would,". . ."Arid when was that?"' ' . " When fori layai flow stopped. It would not havo been: So Strange had she known of tho event, but she died, arid it was after her death'that the steamer .crimp iirirom Hawaii wifo.tho riows that foe lava flow had stopped the very hour when our priuccs3breathcuher last." . v ' " I wdndor," sriys'Joo, "if tho lava flow over yet caught Pole's pig ?".! !- :. ."I know,!' sriys foo rinvy officor, ".that Polo is tho Godile'ss; of ; Fifo and lives iri the volcano. I know that she! tiscd to.; exact human saerifiiics, arid that, even now; natives will go to thp volcano and drop money, for, rind oven dogs Into ,. 'foe boiling lava— but I novor knew sho owned , snch an linfotriautid . thing ns a pig." , "Oli.sho doaen'townhim,',' I say ,"ho' is the: pest of . lier life I : She hrites hitri, ' The naUves say ho lives In tho district of Konri, and that when Pels is, asleep,, or, in other words, whon'tho volcano islhactivo,ho'comes out of his lair arid roams ovor tho premises. They say- sha igots' hopping mad, andAafea up, and' bubbles, end . finally . ohimes him with streams of . redfhot . lava,, and that accounts for all the -flows dpwnfoo Ko'na sldoof 'th'o . mountain." " Then how do. they acconrit for ' tho groat (low of 1808' that camo so rierir destroying, . Hilo?" !:.; -Cn , -"Oh.that.wris suohabloW to tho'mission- ttriesl'.' . I say ' with ' a- mallcioris chuoklb! " Thfey try bo hard to combat tho nativa sup. erstitlons, Thoro was a big oruptiori, arid a ercat flow rolled down tho mountain sldo to. ward tho pretty littlo town of fHilo. ; I tiBed to think -foatt lava rusbcd'dow'n, and people had. to ran to get out of thp way ; but it is' llkb: a '.'huge wavo of mulasses, roliing rind ourling,'and Beridlug out long, snaky tongues.' It cools rapidly on top/like a crust, but kc'ops breaking through at tlio edge, and bubbling;: It was oigbt'moritbs crawling! towards Hilo; until 'one mbro' day's flow would have des troyed tho town," Joolaughed. "'Lord i . how the pcoplo were getting out of Qllo I '. Especially tho Portu guese, who woro leaving in shoals, 'The mis sionaries prayed every day by tho flow, end ?myora woro offered up in nil tlio churches! t did seem as though, lifter alltbcspniontbs, on a downward elope, Inotbing on earth could save the town." r ' " Tlicy appealed to Princess Ruth," I con: tlnuc, "Sho was tho last descendant of tho great ICnmchnmchas, yon know, rind tbo natives believed ,ln her, so when they grow frightened thoy s?at for fior; and thohrigo princess—" . " Dear Httlo thing I" laughs ' Joo '? Sha only weighed four hundercd arid, eighty poundsl" ! ' ! ' " lYcll,, they carried, her In n Utter to tho placo, and She' stood in.front of tho lava, and throw In soma sacrifices— " , " A black 'dog, soma money, a bottle of gin, and a silk dress," said Joe, ... —"And appealed, to tlio (ioddess Polo, begging her to sevo tho town, arid rcrniriding her of her promise never to harm Hilo. Then sho saiij calmly to hor servants 'It will atop.'"- : \- "Do you know what sho did?" cried Joo, enthusiastically ; " sho went Into a cottngo in tlio vory tooth of tho flow,' and slopt. There's faitl; for you. - - And It stopped 1 Tho great, twisting, moving, hideous moos' of firo rolled back : on itaolf and Bloppedi And thoro you.cnri seo to this dny tho block hardened lava only n few: yards from tho outskirts of Hilo.", " No wonder thoy nrb suporstitiouB," says tkp'nnyy officer,-' "Alow, such cpimi.ldeuoca would affect anybody. I wondor, though, if. foe missionaries would' hava.called itsuperf: ' stition if the had' stopped In" answer? tri:1 their prayers?" ;.-!, : .. "Don't yoa' remember whcn Princo Lira;-: ; nlilo' was burled ?", says - Joe thnt was enough to tnnko anybody ririperstltious." .!:; "WhiitSvas that?'.' tho navy officor Bits tip, balancing hjmsuif inthobammocksbthattha moonlight glittcis on his blorido bead. "TolL - ' ns all about it,". : . : !'. ' '' ' "Tlug.a'-ling— tlng-a-lirig?";: , . "It's only thb tolopb6ne,"Isay, rial go to . the Instrument. ' , . , , , i— ra, ; :. - ; "Lieutenant 'J3. wanted est. beard Jthtruy . Adams" .: .; . '-' " Oh, pshaw I" from tho hninmoek. . "That ' telophono is very convenient, ' bat jt is a ' 1 nuisance sometimes— I sny, plcnse ring up ono-forty-eight for a carriage, will you? , arid tell as about PrincoLunalilo whilo it's coming." ' , , ' " Well, I say, curling up comfortably In tho - corner of tho steps,' "he was an Immense favorite, yon know." , "Yea, I know— jolly follow— hoard lots of- good storles-hbout htm." " Whon ho died, ho wa3 buried with great pomp, but for somo reason or other his place: of burial was afterward changed, and when -, bis body was removed the natives asked tbo . Kovermnont for another snluto of twenty- - four guns, to which' the answer camo that . thoy had already bnricd; bim with all tho horiors,and didn't propose to waste any mora powder. The natives were hurt nnd indig nant, and foougli a great storm camo rip, thousands followed bis body to its lost rest ing-place. As tho cortego passed into foe gates of tho cemetery, the thunder burst forth, and everybody declares that twenty- ; four distinct claps wore counted." 1 - " Oh, tako off ono clap," soys tho lieuten ant, flippantly, as he looks for bis lint. "Well,-. Idcelarcl Isthatrain? After this moonlight, who would bars thought it I Well, good-byo. Ahhanui, as the natives say." : "Good-bye. Soeorry to havo yoa go. You co ' Heaven weeps in sympathy. " 