IMMINENT WELCOME SEWS. WE have the privilege this week of conveying to oar readers intelligence that will be most welcome to the m, for it is nothiBg less than that our much revered Archbishop has completed arrangements for introducing the Sisters of Charity to the archdiocese. Not many weeks past we mentioned that this was a project which his Grace had in contemplation, and from the announcement we now make it will be seen that the measures taken for carrying it out must have been wisely conceived and promptly executed. The Order is the oldest in these colonies, the earliest foundation, having been established in Sydney, where the Sisters are engaged in several of the corporal works of mercy, the most important being the service they render the sick in St. Vincent's Hospital, which is under their management, and is regarded with special favour by all denominations. Not inaptly this institution may be described as one of the most popular in the metropolis of the parent colony. In the admissions no distinction of creed is made, and on the list of subscribers the names of persons of all denominations, and of no denomination, are to be found. There is, however, nothing singular in this—the Sisters of Charity, wherever established, win universal confidence and esteem. A fellow-being, struck down by sickness or bodily injuries, never appeals to them in vain. In peace, as in war, these afflictions constitute an all- sufficient claim to any service these " angels of mercy" can render. Their mission is to relieve suffering humanity, and, in obedience to the highest dictates of divine charity, they pursue it regardless of all distinctions of creed or race. This being their rule and their practice, there is no reason why the holy women, of whose advent we f ive notice, should not be welcomed y Protestants as well as Catholics, though on the latter will, of course, primarily devolve the duty of making adequate preparations for their reception. What that means will be understood without saying more on the subject, and, indeed, nothing will be lost from not being more explicit in this instance. The time for that will come. All that need be said at present is that the arrival of the little colony may be looked for in the course of a few weeks, and that, when established in a suitable home of their own, they will apply themselves to those works of mercy in which their precursors in Australia are now engaged with so much benefit to suffering humanity. That there is ample scope here for their labours there can be no denial. Our present hospital accommodation is inadequate to requirements, and yet for the support of existing institutions the public are so severely taxed that it may be doubted that these could be increased in number under the present costly system of management. Some relief from the growing burden is most desirable, if not absolutely necessary, 'and the only relief possible is that the Sisters of Charity are capable of affording. By extending to the non- professional, or domestic, departments of the ^charities the principle of gratuitous labour, they bring down the cost of 'management to the lowest possible figure, and with that there is also the 'great advantage that the workers in this case are actuated by motives which attach to their services a value above all price. The Sisters are highly-trained nurses, with a special vocation for their work. They are devoted heart and soul to it, and, therefore, within the limits of human endurance, they are tireless and sleepless in the attention they bestow on the patients in their charge. To put the matter in the broadest light, their presence amongst us will raise the Christian character of the community and be iin inestimable blessing to suffering POOR CONBOLATION. THOUGH we have dealt at some length in our leading columns with the objections taken by the Bishop of Limerick to the Plan of Campnign, or, indeed, more properly to one phase of the operations, without which it would be ineffective, there is •yet an aspect in which we have omitted to notice bis Lordship's opposition. The Unionist Press has derived much conso lation and encouragement from it, but this only .goes to show that they are reduced to such straits that they eagerly leatt f6r support on any prop, however ^weakit may be. They " have also the concurrence, of .the coadjutor- Bishop of Clbnfert to hfelp themy but even with that co-operation we fail to see that their) position is much improved. Both these prelates declare unequivocally and emphatically for national self- government, and thus far the unity of the Irish episcopacy on the main issue remains unbroken. Not one member of the hierarchy has uttered a word in opposition to the demand of the country, or even expressed a doubt as to the lawfulness or prudence of urging it with constancy and earnestness. On a collateral question only have the Unionists found any support among the Irish prelates, and, without intending any disrespect for the episcopal office, it may be said that such support as they have secured is entitled to small consideration when placed in comparison with the opposite views of the distinguished prelates who rule over the dioceses of Dublin, Cashel, and Meath. Among Catholics who know what is due to the episcopal office there will be no abatement of their respect for the dissenting prelates. Indeed, no fair-minded person could deny their Lordships aright to express an independent opinion on any open question. But, in a matter of this kind, re verence and docility are two very different things. It is, indeed, due to the Irish episcopal body that Irishmen both at home and abroad should not hesitate to declare that on the point in dispute they very much prefer the teachings and the examples of Drs. Walsh, Croke, and Nulty to the guidance of the young prelates whose opinions have afforded Tories and Unionists generally a poor consolation in their perplexities. The Bishop of Limerick's letter does not, in onr humble judgment, contain even one sufficient reason for the qaalified condemnation his Lordship has pronounced, and the coadjutor-Bishop of Clonfert ;ives no other justification for his enlorsement than is contained in Dr. O'Dwyer's communication. LISTOWEL is not a very EE GOOD important town in Ireland. TIME A good deal goes on in COMING, the world of which the people of Listowel only get late news. Nevertheless, they seem to be pretty well informed on the Irish Question, and even to have formed decided views on the subject. Of this there is very striking evidence where one should least expect to find it, and that is within the walls of a convent. We do notsuppose that the nuns could accurately describe the course of political events within the previous week, or explain the Irish Chief Secretary's latest blunder, but none the less on that account are they animated by the national spirit. The hope by which the people are sustained in their struggle with despotism is cherished in the convent, and the nuns are postponing a contemplated change to the good time coming. This, omitting uninteresting portions of the narrative, is how the story is told by a correspondent of the Manchester Ghiardian:— There is at Listowel a great convent school, where 600 girls are being educated by the nuns. The peculiarity of such a school is that the lower and the middle classes are mixed together in a way which would be impoBBible in England. . . . With some English friends I went over the whole eohool. . . We went into the bif? schoolroom, and there . . . we heard the girls read; and I must say that, for justness of intonation and clearness of expression, I have never beard such good read- ing in any English school. They read oat of Goldsmith's " Deserted Village," and I noticed that the girl who was reading substituted "Ireland" for "England" in the lines— A time there was, ere England's griefs began, When every rood ot ground maintained its man. . . L&Btly;, we had recitations and singing. A row of girls recited some patriotic lines, waving the while a green flag. Their glowing eyes and their excited gestures showed how much they felt their words. After they had song to ua we asked if they oonld sing " God Save Ireland." There was no donbt as to the response. The eister in oharge of the music instantly sat down to the piano and struob into the melody, and the girls sang as if they wanted to lift themselves ofl the ground. When they had finished, and were all aglow with excitement, we BBked for one verse of " God Save the Queen." Nobody knew it, and it was plain that nobody eared to sing it. " They will sing it at some future time," said the Snperior. Upon this letter a correspondent of the Times based a charge of high treason. " The Roman Catholics," says the writer, "who have so much to thank her Majesty's reign for, should be the last people to encourage any disloyalty to the Queen, either in Ireland or elsewhere, and I feel sure the great majority of them will be as much astonished at reading this letter as I was." What Boman Catholics have to thank her Majesty's reign for was enumerated so frequently in the recent Jubilee time there is no occasion to go over the list now, but it may be mentioned that Catholic Emancipation was won before she ascended the throne, and that famines, Coercion Acts, grinding taxation, robbery in various forms, poverty, and discontent are among the blessings they have experienced in her reign. But all that is near an end, and in the good time coming those children will be taught "God Save the Queen." It is both more natural and more necessary just at present that they should sing " God Save Ireland." No doubt, as becomes good Christians, they pray for all sinners, and, unless it be an offence to her Majesty that she is not considered better than the just man who falls at least seven times a day, she should be satisfied, just for the present, that she shares in that general supplication. We could not honestly promise that, at any time in the future, "God Save the Queen" will be as familiar to children taught in Irish convent schools as the national hymn which those at Listowel knew so well, and sang with so much spirit, but when just relations have been established between the two kingdoms nothing unreasonable will be expected. PLEASANT as it is for IHEISTIAN brethren to dwell together, AMITY. a meeting of Christians not so closely related must be still more pleasant. And such a meeting was that lately held in St. Mary's Cathedral, Sydney, in celebration of the Australian Centenary. The highest ecclesiastical authority of the Catholic Church in Australasia led the way in cordially identifying himself and the people he represents, with the united interests of the several Austral communities, and other distinguished prelates of our Church no less cordially associated themselves with the Cardinal Archbishop of Sydney in celebrating the Centennial. This is satisfactory, but as there is not the smallest reason why it should have been otherwise, there is not very much occasion for overjoyful congratulations on the subject. But in the presence, at St. Mary's Cathedral, of more than one representative of the Grown, and of so many other high officials, distinguished politicians and much respected citizens who do not worship at our altar, there is good cause for rejoicing; and the gratification to be derived from such a meeting should not be confined to Catholics. No one actuated by the better spirit of which that meeting is a most signal proof, could hesitate to approve of it. It marks the day, as one on which old traditions in contrast with the more enlightened and more liberal spirit of our times was broken, and on which also an illustrious example not of mere toleration, but of Christian amity, was afforded for the guidance of the young democracies whose mdst trusted representatives were assembled on the occasion. There has been some snarling at the great and auspicious event, but that was inevitable, for there are men of little souls and small minds who, if their lives were prolonged for centuries, would still cling to the prejudices of their forefather's ages past. They are to be pitied as suffering from an inherited and an incurable canker. In a key peculiar to creatures wanting in virility, they sharply sound their note of discord, but though it may be unpleasant to the ear the effeminate screech will make no impression on the good sense of the community. In the mind of every man who sincerely wishes for peace ana goodwill there is a feeling of thankfulness for what occurred at St. Mary's Cathedral, Sydney, on Centennial Day. It was an omen of national unity and, therefore, a promise of national strength. THE conversion of Lord LOBD LYONS' Lyons to the Catholic CONVERSION. Church has been the occasion of a flutter among Protestants of a certain class. There was a time when such an event would have caused some pleasurable excitement among Catholics, but, for more reasons than one, they now regard all accessions of the kind, if not with indifference, at least with composure. For one thing, they have become accustomed to them; and for another, a little reflection has taught them that, inasmuch as all immortal souls are of equal value in the sight of the Creator, there is really no reason why there should be greater rejoicing at the conversion of a prince than of a peasant. In such a country as England, where the masses are still much influenced by the examples set them by the classes, the conversion of a statesman and diplomatist of the rank of the late Lord Lyons is of the most hopeful significance ; but Catholics, though fullysensible of the fact, are not much elated by it. The excitement resulting from the conversion has been almost wholly'confined to Protestant circles of the Evangelical type, ODe of whose organs here in Mel- bourne, the Southern Cross, declines to regard the case as a conversion. In the ordinary course of things, all that hag been said pro et con on the subject has come under our notice, and we are quite convinced that Lord Lyons became a Catholic, and was not merely "made one;" but the question has not at all so much interest for us that we could be induced to discuss it with the object of justifying our opinion. Our Evangelical friends are quite welcome to believe otherwise, if that be any satisfaction to them. It would be folly to quarrel over a matter which could never be finally settled one way or the other, and so set at rest. The folly would be the greater, as a decision, if arrived at, conld not,: whatever it might be, affect the case so far as the departed soul is concerned. That we may confidently include the late peer's Soul among those of th* faithful departed is all we care about. It does not concern us in the smallest degree that the people with whom he was in religious communion, almost up to his last moments, insist that he did not separate himself from them. If the death-bed convictions of a Lazarus were in question they would allow us to keep him, without offering the slightest opposition to our claim; and in the case of the great and rich man, about whom they are fighting so hard, we are just as unconcerned. ACCORDING to the old 'HE POPE song, " the" Pope, he leads os a happy life," but, what- STOCKS. ever our opinion on that subject may have heretofore been, we could not now be per- suaded that, sleeping or waking, his Holiness knows a moment's rest. We have made the startling discovery that he is a large speculator on the Stock Exchange, and this is the place where men become prematurely grey and wrinkled, selling their peace of mind for gold, or even for a mere hope of it that may never be realised. That and other discoveries we have made through the Southern Cross, by which we are told, on the authority " of a foreign diplomatist accredited to Home," that the late Pope left the reigning Pontiff " an enormous sum, which is invested in the English funds ;" further, that "Leo XIII. is a great speculator, who invests the Italian loans in order to sell when the value rises, and invest the profits in the English consolidated fund." The simplicity- and credulity of Catholics is amazing. They were under the impression that Pius IX. left nothing after him but a small patrimony, which his Holiness could not lawfully will away from the next of kin, who inherited it. And now we hear of hoarded wealth to an enormous amount! There is a splendid opportunity here of striking a heavy blow at the Pope of Home. It is only necessary to furnish the name of that "foreign diplomatist accredited to Borne," and produce his proofs. But why is a name which would carry such weight with it concealed? Was the diplomatist ever christened—or first of all did he ever exist f If our burning curiosity be not satisfied, we shall be forced to conclude that he is spectral, and that would not be complimentary toour Protestant contemporary who, as is well known from its characteristic gravity and love of truth, would be incapable of fraudulently trading in ghosts. Other Protestants to whom Rome is a perpetual trouble have not escaped such an imputation, but there is no fear that the Southern, Cross will lay itself open to an odious charge of the kind. It will be most happy, we are sure, to furnish the name of the "foreign diplomatist" who was so intimately acquainted with the state of the Papal finances and the habits of Leo XIII. 