®Jw Bxiifomt ®mixm TUESDAY, DECEMBER !¡, 1888, " Tin Chin ch and the theatre is friendly forcea was a somewhat dai ing theme for a dramatist to handle even at the close of this nineteenth century The mere hint of friendliness between such old antagonists was sure to ofTend extremists on both aides, and if Carlyle a definition of Englishmen is approximately true of Queenslander«, the extremists m »y even yet, Mr Miln s bright optimism notwithstanding, be in the majonty At the sime time the attitude assumed by the lectmei, whose histor) emtnenth fits lum for the post of mediator is so concihatoiy and judicnl tint it may well glin a bealing foi hw sentiments, and lead even ixtrennsts to a ^consideration of the position Mr Miln h is done well to recall attention to the ineridicable place held by the drama in hnmin nature To man the most interesting study always must be man The same instinct which collects a crowd round Bome incident in street life, which i usbea to see a pwe scullei or a Imsln angir, nnd which has made the novel the suptenie teacher of the age gives essontial power to the drama, which bestows on the incidents of the printed novel the reihty of the sheet and of the living hero Tlieie never ww a time in the history of the race, whatever for the moment might be the status of the formal drami, when in point of fact ita principle and germ did not exist in the power of a dramiticilly told story. So far, therefoie, Mr Mihi was light in hispirable of the twin matera Undoubtedly Chuich and theatie-or religion and the drama enteied thewnld on the sime day, since the root clements of both he deep in the nature of min And in agreement or dis agreement they will continue so long as man exists Ihe destructive spiut by which two centuries ago the Churih was actuated against the theitie, and which still pos ?esses some pulpits, is the purest beating of the tit As well tty to put down laughing and cryin_ and kill out of humanity the mterist attaelung to these emotions, as put down tbethiatio which atti aits an audience bj its use of them, Moreover, the theatre does un- doubtedly stund by the aide of the Church as a moral educator of humanity. It may not always aim at education, and ita educa- tion may not always be in the right diiection-points to which we shall refer presently-butit isfutile and foolish to ignore the fact that it does educate, and that a very large proportion of our population place themselves moro or lesa regularly under ita influence. Mr. Mihi gave one curious instance of the recognition by the Church of th« educative power of the drama in the Passion Plays and other tragedies of early or meducval date, based on the nartatives of Scripture. To ?which he might have added the remarkable fact of the present decade that Mr. George Mac Donald, a man of light and leading both in the moral and literary world, has at- tracted the most pious audiences in tlie principal cities of England and Scotland by a dramatic representation of "The Pilgrim's Progress," in which he and his family were the actors. In truth, what other than a drama is this production of the immoital tinker, or to what else does it owe ita world- wide popularity ¡ Uoston's " Four-fold Estate " has not a single reader for a thou- sand of Bunyan's book, yet Boston says, and says more clearly, all that is delivered by Bunyan's characters. And what is the dif- ference between placing characters upon the stage of the mind and the Btage of a theatre, or where lies the sin in passing from the first to the second Î Whether we look to its hold on human nature, to the literature to which it has given birth, or to the great men it has developed, the attitude which geeks only to destroy it as an evil thing stands convicted alike of inju*r»ice and of folly. But how then does it need defeuce ? or as Mr. Miln puts it, " What has caused the separation of the Church and the theatre ? " In answering this question he does not pre- tend that the fault is all on the side of the Church. He admits that at the beginning of the Christian era " the stage had fallen into a condition of indecency which justified ita condemnation," and that in the seven- teenth century, when clerical antagonism was most keenly aroused, " the condition of I the stage was far from ideal," and " needed j purification." Referring to the fact that in India the sages conceived the drama as the helpmeet of religion, he declares that " if all actors and dramatic authors had been true to that conception, the stage as a factor of civilisation would have been more in- fluential than the pulpit" We have not space to quote what might be quoted from dramatic authorities themselves, and what, indeed, one eet- constantly in the daily print- touch« ¡Dg the degradation of the theatre and ita too frequent perversion to evil. But the important question to ask ia whether this is a failure to reach the higher ideal or the acceptance of a lower. Mr. Miln started by describing the Church and the theatre as twin sisters " of the religious instinct," and working out this idea he held it as the function of the theatre to combine elevating instruction with amusement. Personally, ho deserves all credit for the conception, but is it founded on fact ? "We have pointed out already that the drama is based on the natural instinct of humanity ; we fail to see how it can be regarded as rest- ing on that which is distinctively reli- gious. And while individuals like Mr. Miln may have made an effort to use the drama as the vehicle of elevating instruction and impression, these things, from the artist's point of view, come as the accidentals rather than the essentials of his work. To act otherwise would be to intro- duce into the drama-the embodied form of the novel-that "heresy of instruction" which is condemned in the novel itself. The truth is that the theatrical, like the publish- ing trade, is a commercial enterprise, and must be conducted on commercial principles. If the public will be drawn by morality and instruction, they will get these things ; if they are drawn rather by entertainment merely, they will get that. The essential thing is to attract. The play or the actor whose influence is most powerful in the direction of good is no more put on the boards by a manager on that account than is the play or the actor whose influence is most powerful for evil. In each of these morally antagonistic cases the acceptable element is the drawing power ; anti we are probably safe in saying that in the great majority of theatres the moral element will be taken into consideration only as it affects that of attraction. In short, as it " lives to please," the theatres must " please to live." Noblo men, both in the theatre and out of it, have fought against the tyranny of the " gods ,' and have succumbed, Some twenty years ago a strenuous effort-initiated, if we remember right, by the clergy, and sup- ported by eminent laymen-was made in' Edinburgh to run a theatre on the lines laid down by Mr. Miln, with the result that the concern was bankrupt in eighteen months. The inseparable weakness of the stage is that it cannot rise above the level of its audience. In large cities the position is ameliorated for nome by the operation of the eclectic principle, which cannot be in- troduced in smaller towns; but this of course involves an aggravation for tie un- sifted public. Its hope therefore lies in the elevation of the general morality. Given a public who want better things, it will pro- vide them, and a heavy burden will be rolled from many a good man's-and woman's conscience. And here it is that the Church should come to the aid of tho theatre. She, the stronger sister, if a twin- stronger inas- much as her direct function is to correct the people's faults- has it laid at her door to make the theatre, like other amusements, innocent and healthful, by promoting the innocence and moral health of the people to whose nature the Creator has made amusement neces- sary. To our mind the greatest grievance of the theatre is that the Church so fails in her high ofiice. Ihr raison d'etre is not the entertainment, but-as Mr. Miln puts it " the improvement of humanity." Her strength lies, or ought to lie, not in pleasing, but in those arresting and elevating in- fluences which (according to the genius of religion) must often begin by displeasing. But in toe» many cases she has come down from her divine function-the idea takes possession of her that she lives to please, and, limp and boneless as any human insti- tution, she also sets herself to please that she may live. If the elysian futureantieipated by Mr. Mihi is ever reaiised it will not bo by the Church stooping to the functions of the theatre, nor by the theatre prematurely assuming the functions of tho Church, but by such wise aud faithful service on the part of the first that the second will find its path open to all that it would wish to be. Silt .Tons PENDF.U'S reply to the continual and severe strictures passed by Queensland in general, and Sir Thomas Mcilwraith iu particular on the Eastern Extension Tele- graph Company is no reply at all. It is the sort of vague phraseology pronounced in an emphatic manner which satisfies those al- ready satisfied, and no one else. His audience consisted of just such people-the bondholders of his conipauy. Sir John was delivering his usual oration atj their usual meeting. All he had to do was to contradict flatly all the complaints made against him and his company, aud ho did it mque ad libitum. He diel it also ttsqtio ad lutuseam. Seizing on tho wretched, old, English supercilious attitude towards the colonies, aroused in the venerable quidnuncs of contemporary London by the late action taken by this country with regard to Sir Henry Blake, he declared that "no one could satisfy the Queensland Government." Tho limitation implied in the word Govern- ment was clever. It was a manifest dig at the head of that Government, who has done more than anyone else to sheet home to the Eastern Extension people our just causea of complaint. It was clever, and it took with those whose splendid ignoranceof colonial and Queensland affairs can always be tickled by any stupid piece of claptrap their guides, philosophers, and friends like to offer then. Out here it falls quite flat, for, just as in the case of the sneer at the Queensland Govern- ment, the fact that it was Sir Samuel Griffith and the Opposition, quite as much as Sir T. M'llwraith and the Government, who were concerned in the protest against the ap- pointment ,of Sir Henry Blake, so '.in the matter of our discontent with the Eastern Extension people, it is not the Government, it is not the Opposition, it ia not even Queensland, but all Australia, which de- mands an end to the present state of cable affairs. Sir J ohn says otherwise. That he thinks otherwise is not likely. Not even his best friends ever accused him of being so foolish. The Eastern Extension bond- holders, however, are like Othello, at least like what lago thought Othello was-of the tribe of those who " can be led by the nose, asassea are." Sir John assured them that they had nothing to fear. He, that is they, the company (Ego et rex meus) were on good terms with the other Australian Governments, who would do nothing adverse to the interesta of the peerless E.E.T.C. Queens laud was quite alone in desiring an Austra- lian co-operation to subsidise a competing Pacific cable. The guileless bondholders laid this flattering unction to their souls, and went home feeling tray in it. A consi deration of any Australian newspaper of the day would have disillusionised them completely The truth is, as is patent to anyone m Australia, that the feeling in fax our of a fresh cable line is as strong, if it is not stronger, dow n south than here Mel bourne m I Sy dney manifestly do a far larger ti ade than Bnsbane, and the business men of tlie two great Southern cities have BUÍlered more, accordingly, than our ovv n from the mismanagement, dilatonness, and general mefliciency of the peerless E E T C Lut Sir John, although he likes to talk in that way, and batten on his popularity vv ith I113 own especial clique of qutdnunci, was not gotng to bolster up the position of the company by nothing more eihcacious than some judicious doseä of clip trap ad ministered on report days Any one who had the wit, and no immense share of that convenient quality was necessary m this ease, could re id between the linea of his speech He came to business, brutal business, when he told them that a new line was being constructed to "Western Australia. He and his company had tried the patience of the poor dear Australians enough The simple Antipodeaii3 weie not ripe for bearing more Therefore he intended to make one of his big moves, and at once satisfy them and "bcoop that distressful competing Pacific company I hat is the idea of the new hue A nd after that line has been constructed, Sir John declared with gusto and emphasis, the company, the peerless E E T 0 , would be " invulnerable " After soup and fish, meat and pudding After jeer and clap trap, action and business Sir John's little game is pretty clear The point is, however, may not even a Sir John Pender have over reached himself 1 May not the patience of the Australians have been tried too much and too far ? Miy not the ball, set rolling by ill usage and its resultant discontent and resentment, have gathered foi ce and mateiial enough to make its stoppage by a tardy concession too 1 ite ? Will the position of the company be " invulnerable after all 1 Oi will that dis treisf ni competing Pacific cable come in and mille the dovecots of the London bond holders and the peerless EETC? The course of events will show Tut little di lltculty which ai ose between the selléis and buyers of wool ovei the farthing bids having been settled by a com promise by which tarthiug bids will be ac cepted up to Hd per lb , the sales have been proceedinp with an unusual amount of am matton This giving way on the part of the buyers is but the beginning of the end, for if it is i right thing to accept fat thing bids up to 8d it must bo equally right to accept them up to Od , Is, oi any other sum The principle is the ame whatevti the limit may be, if there is a limit, but this we ti list will very soon be put an end to The ob jection to fai thing bids is only a piece of undisguised selfishness on the part of the buyers, to whom concessions which are detrimental to tlie mteiests of the woolgtowers have been made i gteat deal too long The sole leason of the opposition, so fat as we can learn, arises from i deane to îetain an advantage which ought never to have been allowed, and would not have been continued so long as it has been if wool0rowers weie more ready to work together in their own inteiest What thev have neglected to do for themselves the buyeis have done, and are still doing, for themselves, although they Im e had to give way to a ceitain e\tent Notwithstmiling the 'intolerable trouble and confusion which weie to be the îesult of f irthiug bids, tho deni aud foi wool at the fit st sales after then pat tul adoption has been much more satisfictoiy th in for a long time Crowds of buvers have attended the sales (hub, ami on tho opening day, we are told, the new clip was eagerly competed for and gteasv wools advanced from 5 to 7 per cent and scouied 10 per cent on the closing prices of 1 ist siles On the 1st December business was repotted to be still more busk and in ci eased animation matked the course of sales, with an improvement m prices lueiich and German buyers were reported to be competing freely, and there were considerable purchases for Amenca also Sellers, ho we vei, ai e not too sanguine of a con tinue 1 ad\ ance, as is pioved by the fact th it almost ill the wool oiiered has been sold Only SOO bales weie withheld out of the first 3 1000 b ties catalogued The imptoved demand may continue throughout the sei les, but the most reliable forecasts have so often been incorrect that it is easy to under- stand why sellers are so ready to accept any ad\ mee on the \ alues that have prevailed for some time We aie not without hope, however that the eagerness of buyeta to secure what wool they require ia another symptom of the revival of trade which has been indicated m othei directions lesterduy morning a special ti am conveying thoHous H Nelson (Mmiiter for Railwayb), J Donaldson (Postroaster-Gener ii), and H M Black (Minister for Lands), and Messrs H C. btanley (Engineer in-Chief of Railwajs) and T Curnow (Commissioner for Railways), left tho South Brisbane railway dop t for South- port The object of tho visit is the inspeotion of the line bj tho Chief Engineer, and to allow Ministers an opportunity of noting matters m connection with the contemplated train service which will affect their various departments Tenders were opened by the Railway Depart- ment yesterday moram, for the supply of 300 casks of cement for the Normanton railway works Thore were two tenderers-Messrs James Campbell and Sons and Me«srs Overend and Paterson The town clerk has received a letter from tho Under Secretary of the Treasury, informing him that tho Colonial Treasurer had approved, in terms of tho Act, of the appointment of Mr J Fletcher as public anal) st to the municipality of Biiobane, in tha room of Mr. Pepper, re sigued A telegram uuder Sunday's date has been received by tho Commissioner for Railways from Mr George Phillips, engineer in charge of the Normanton Croydon Railway, as fol- lows --"Exceptionally heavy storm along lino between seven and fourteen miles yester- day afternoon Material train returning from head of road had to stop, as driver could not sea the nearest truck Water ran over the rails for several mdes Absolutely no damage done and material train went to head of road and back to day " The line, it may bo men- tioned, is built on the Phillipa patent sleepers, and it is considered that had it been constructed in the ordinary way and ballasted, considerable damage would have been done The first meeting of tho commission appointed to inquire into the causes of the decay of the sugar industry, and to report on tropical agriculture generativ, was held yesterday at No 1 committee-room, Parliamen- tary Buildings Mr Ccwley, who is at present on the Herbert River, will not be m attendance, but will join the commission when they go North Mr. W. H Groom has, it is under- stood, been appointed president of the commis- sion The monthly meeting of the Brisbane Sailing Club was hehl last evening, Mr. R. II Lawson in the chair. Six new members were elected and two others proposed. A number of matters of importance wero dealt with, including- the arrangements for several club races. A handicap cruising- race to Redland Bay for a trophy presented by the club was fixed for the loth instant; it was also agreed that if the wind should bo south-east the race should end at King Island ; the canvas to be carried was restricted to fore and aft sails, no square sails being allowed ; no boats are to go through Victoria Passage. Mr. Vidgen was appointed starter, and the Hon. E. B. Forrest umpire Entries are due on tho 11th instant. The aneroid barometer presented by the pro prietors of the King Island Echo for the race to Hedland Bay was handed over to Mr. Bothamley of tho Vendetta, the second prize going to Arthur White, of the Rival. The second cruising handicap race for the Markwell Cup was fixed for the 12th January and the course from the Hamilton to Humpy- bong. It was reported by a member of the House Committee that yesterday morning the steamer Bribie passed through tho fleet of boats at the shed, and went alongside the j'etty, where she landed a passenger; it was decided to take steps to provont a recurrence of this improper use of tho jetty. Arrangements were made for the planting of a row of trees along the Hamilton- road frontage of the club's property, and after several matters of minor importance had been dealt with, the meeting adjourned. Tlie South Brisbane Municipal Council last night accepted tenders for printing ratepayers' rolls, laying pipo drain in Trafalgar-street, and erecting a bridge at Dornoch-terrace and Boundary-street. Three tenders for staging for firebell were referred to the newly-formed Fire Brigade Board, nnd it was agreed to accept the lowest tender for the removal of the old bridge at Norman Creek, on the Balmoral Board agreeing to join the council in defraying the cost of taking down the structure. The mayor stated that the Minister for Railways and Engineer for Railways were oppoBed to restoring the right-of-way at the "Woolloon- gabba station, and had stated that the erection of it footbridge over tho lino would cost £1000. The council were of opinion that a bridge should be put across the railway, as otherwise an in- justice would be dono to the people who had been in tho habit of using the right-of-way. The mayor said he would communicate with tho Minister on the subject. Mr. 0. W. Cope- land was appointed valuer at a salary of £300 per annum. The committee in charge of the rowing regatta to take placo in the South Brisbane reach of the river on the 10th instant met last evening in the Longreach Hotel. It was decided that passengers desirous of boarding the flagship should bo embarked from South Brisbane, probably from Russell-street. Reports showed that subsoriptionB aro coming in freely, and a good day's sport is anticipated, particularly as the race for the four-oar cham- pionship of Queensland will probably bring out three crews, representing the Commercial, Maryborough, and Breakfast Creek clubs. Tho quarterly muster parade of the Brisbane Garrison Battery took place on Saturday after- noon. The battery rolled up well, and under the command of Lieutenant Larsen proceeded to Lytton in the steam launoh Miner. On ar- riving at the fort tho mon were first put through some gun drill, and thon started firing with the 64-pounder under the superintendence of Major Griove, R.A. Twenty oommon and shrapnel shells were fired at two targets previously placed in position ty mon of the Permanent Force. The shooting was very satisfactory indeed, and proved that the battery, notwith- standing the few opportunities for practice, is ablo to do some really good work when called upon to do so. On the roturn journey three hearty cheers wero given for Sir T. M'llwraith when the Miner passed the Barcoo. The usual Monday evening mission meeting was held last evoning by tho Church of England Temperance Society. An open-air meeting was first conducted at tho corner of Charlotte« and Albert streets, when a large crowd was addressed by Mr. "Wright. The meeting ¡ni the hall was well attended. Mr. "Wright con- ducted the meeting, and after singing and/ prayer, tbe Rov. B. Ii. "Wilson read a portion of Scriptnro. A reoitation by Mr. Field and a dtiot by Messrs. Abraham and Dunmore were much enjoyed. Mr. Kirley sang "The Sailor's Home," mid the choir followed with a chorus in gooá style. Mr. Geo. "Wright gave an earnest address dealing with the liquor trafilo from a medical standpoint. He emoted the statements of several leading medical men in support of his statements, and iu closing gave a hearty invitation to all who had not signed the pledge to do so. A song by Mr. Neilson, and a harp solo by Mr. Dunmore brought the programme to a close. Miss Gardiner did good service at the organ duriug the evening. At tho close of the meeting a number signed the pledge. A first meeting of creditors in the estate of John Stewart, of Spring Hill, Brisbane, grocer, was hold yesterday morning at the Supreme Court, before Mr. Down, the deputy registrar. Four creditors attended and proved their claims as follows .--Smith Bros., £955 lGs. Sd.: Gibbs, Bright, and Co., £391 3s. lid.; Barker and Co., £373 9s. 7d.; J. C. Hutton, £74 5s. Sd. Messrs. "William Myers King and James Jordan King, accoun- tants, wero appointed joint trustees iu the estate at a rcnumoration of £5 per cent on the realised assets, without security, and Messrs. Edward Eldridge Smith and Robert Johnstone Scott wero appointed a committee of inspec- tion. The proceedings then terminated. Mr. Tilomas Morrow, chairman of the In- dooroopilly Divisional Board, has been served with a quo irarratito writ, at the instance of Mr. J. H. Briar, in connection with the local option poll held at Indooroopilly in September last, which was declared by Mr. Morrow, the pre- siding officer, to be carried by eleven votes. It appears that Mr. Briar is taking action on the ground that there were thirty-one persons whose names wero on the ratepayers' roll, but not on the voters' list, and theso were not per- mitted to vote. He maintains that had tsese persons voted the result of the election would probably have boen different. Messrs. Thynne and Goertz are the solicitors for the plaintiff, and Messrs. Wilson, Wilson, and Brown for the defendant, who has retained the services of Sir Samuel Griffith. The case will be heard to-day before Ihe Full Court. Some little excitement was caused at the Roma-street railway station yesterday morn- ing through three of the trains from the Racecourse and Sandgate arriving about an hour late. It appears the delay occurred through the rear brake carriage attached to the train from the Racecourse station at 8.7 a.m. leaving the rails at the Eagle Junction crossing, and the end of the carriage coming in contact with the engine of a train that was on its way to Sandgate. Both lines were blocked for a considerable time and ar- rangements had to be made to bring in the passengers due at Brisbane at 8.48, 9.6, and 9.37 a.m. A train of empty carriages was despatched from Brisbane, and the passengers were transferred at the Junction and run into the city as quickly as possible. The cause of the break-van leaving the rails has not yet been ascertained, but no doubt it will form the subject of an inquiry by the traffic-manager. None of the passengers were injured, though some of them were greatly alarmed. The end of the brake-van was slightly damaged and the step-board of the engine was knocked off. A very pleasant little concert was given in the Milton Congregational Church hut evening by the members of the Mutual Imwovemtnt Society in connection with that church. [The ! attendance was very good, and applause was lavishly bestowed on all the ladies and gentle- men who took part in tho entertainment. The ] programme opened with a tuneful piano duet by Miss Eloock and Mr. Cottew, which was followed by the secretary's report. This stated that three interesting and instructive lectures bad been delivered to the members, who seemed to thoroughly appreciate the manner in which the subjects were treated, and several readings, essays, and recitations had also been given. After the chairman (Mr. J. G. Cribb) had given a very short humorous ad- dress, the musical portion of tho programme ?was continued. The most enj'oyablo numbers were " The Better Land," hy Mrs. Humphries ; the trio, "Lift thine eyes;" the quintette, "The Storm King's Voice ;" and the violin and piano duet, "Blue Bolls of Scotland." The recitations hy the Rev. R. H. Roberts and Miss Priscilla Young were well rendered, while the Rev. W. Watts was loudly applauded for his solo, "The Village Blacksmith." Several other songs and recitations were well received, and "The Vesper Hymn," hythe Church choir, brought the entertainment to a close. During tho interval light refreshments were served and thoroughly appreciated. The official guide to the picture galleries and catalogue of fine arts in connection with the Melbourne Centennial Exhibition, compiled aud edited by Mr. J. Lake, superintendent of fine arts, has reached its third edition and fifteenth thousand. As set forth in tho pre- face "its purpose is to be descriptive rather than oritical," but " such bhort critical notes have been occasionally addod as might serve to a more complete understanding of the pictures." It enables the visitor to go systematically, and to some extent intelligently, through the galleries, which contain by far the finest col- lection of paintings ever brought togothcr in Australia, and it will still he valued hy all who visit the Exhibition for purposes of education as it undoubtedly has been valued in the past. For want of a few explanatory lines which could havo been supplied hy more retentive memory or moro liberal education, tho visitor to art galleries is frequently robbed of half tho pleasure and profit of his pilgrimage. In the official guide this want is to a very great extent supplied, and there are few even among artists themselves who will not frequently have cause for gratitude in the lines of thought suggested by tho notes attached to the names of tho most important pictures. Tho appreciation with which the work has boen received is evidenced by the fact that the first edition was sold in ten days. It seems not unlikely that a fourth or even a fifth edition may bo demanded before the close of the Exhibition. "Yule Tide" is the name of Cassell's Christmas annual, the 1SS8 number of whioh has j'ust reached us through Messrs. Watson, Ferguson, and Co., of Brisbane. It comprises two stories appropriate to the Christmas season-one being a talo of domestic differences happily adj"usted on tho anniversary of their occurronoo (a Christmas Eve), and the other a ghost story which ends happily in the narrator discovering and marrying the author of the bupposed spiritual manifestations. But to many, both old and young, the illustrations will form the chief attraction. First among these must be named tue large chromo-litho graph supplement " At Last," a copy of Mr. Arthur Stock's pioturo representing tho return of a soldier from the wars to his infirm and widowed mother, who sits iu an armchair pondering over his last letter and longing for his home coming. She does not know that ho stands with his hand upon tho latch listening to his sister's explanation of the old lady's defective hearing. Tho picture is a beautiful aud pathetio ono, and tho lithographio artist has worthily copied it. There are two other thromos, *'The First Customer" and "Tho Last Customer, " both representing winter scones in the streets of a large town in Eng- land, and calculated to aid Australian children iu forming an idea of the darker side of life in the land from which their parents carno. One of the engravings will be a great source of amusement ; it is a copy of one of Mr. Louis Wain's clever cat pictures and is entitled " Mrs. Tabby's Academy." The variety of human expression thrown into faces un- doubtedly cat-like is in itself a study. Mrs. Tabby is justly onragod at a oaricature of her- self whioh has been drawn on tlio school black- board and among her pupils aro represented as many different moods and dispositions as could he found in any State school, and all of course entirely innocent of tho dreadful offence. Stjveral othor engravings are givon which need not be particularised in this notice further than to say that they are all well executed and form together a very attractive work. It should be home in miud that nominations of sires close with the secretary of the Queens- land Turf Club this (Tuesday) afternoon for the Sires' Produce Stakes of 1S92. Each nomination must be accompanied by a promissory-note for £10, payable to the order of the Q.T.C. on 30th April, 1892. Horse-owners and trainers must not forget that to-day they will require to at- tend to the nominations for tho principal events of the Q.T.C. Summer meeting, which is to be beldon the 29th December and 1st January. The events for which entries close at 4 p.m. are the Midsummer Handicap of 300 sovs., 1 mile and S furlongs, on the first day ; and the New- market Handicap of 200 sovs., 1 mile and 240 yards, on the second day. Entries also close to-morrow for tho principal handicaps of the Toowoomba Christmas meeting. Our contributor " Rattler," writing under yesterday's date, says:-"In consequence uf the bad condition of the tracks at Eagle Farm there was very little work of interest done this morning. Not more than a dozen horses were out, and of these only one or two went beyond a canter. If the present weather continues for another day or two all the trainers' calculations will be upset, as it is impossible to give the horses the amount of work which they require." Mr. C. D. Keane, mining registrar at May- town, wires to the Under Secretary for Mines under Sunday's date, stating that the drought has broken np, and splendid rains are falling all over the district. The following are the cases set down for tearing at the City Police Court to- day: Drunkenness, 2 ; disorderly conduct, 3 ; ob- scene language, 3 ; larceny, 1 ; disobeying tummons, 1 ; vagrancy, 2 ; receiving stolen property, 1 ; maiming a cow, 1 ; attempting to rescue prisoner, 3. The monthly sitting of the Full Court will take place to-day. The following is the list of cases to come on for hearing :-Hall and anolher v. Gorrie and another, judgment; re James Gibbon, deceased, appeal ; Kennedy v. Pinnock, wandaumt; Donovan v. Morrow, quo wtanto; Tindal v. Hetherington, question of costs ; Q.N. Bank v. Webster, special case. The following aro the rainfalls at the reser- voirs for . lie twenty-four hours ending 9 a.m. on Saturday:-Enoggera, 0-l)3in.; Gold Creek, 0-52in.; 9 a.m., Sunday-Enoggera, ..Oin.; Gold Creek, l*34in.; 9 a.m., yesterday Enoggera, l*0ia.; Gold Creek, l*I7in. The water at Enoggera is now 7ft. below the bywash, and at Gold Creek 17f t. 9in. Both the Enoggera Creek and Gold Creek are running into the reservoirs. Alexander Cassidy, of Mount Leyshon, near Charters Towers, sawyer, was yesterday, on his own petition and on the application of Mr. Beroays, adjudicated insolvent before his Honour Mr. Justice Harding. The first meet «* of ««dito» wat fixed for I Stn insts-U Messrs Watson Ferguson, and Co have I prepared, for gratuitous distribution, a new and improved form of their handy little railwaj time table and diarj This is compiled upou the sumo principio as the London ABC Guide, and shows the whole of the trains to and from any particulai station, together with distance and first and second class faros and as tho stations aro arranged in alphabetical order the tables are very ea«y of reference The time tablos embrace the whole of the lines in the colony, so that their usefulness is not confined to tho Southern district? The book is neatly and clearly printed, but doubtless some errors will be found which could scarcely be avoided m the first issue of such a work We notice for instance that the train which leaves Stanley street at oh am does uot appear to travel beyond Fairfield thotiph we behove it goes as far as Sunn} bank Particulars are given of other modes of transit, such as steamboats, trims omnibuses, and mail coaches also a variety of useful information such as cricketing fixtures, masonic lodge meetings, and firebeU aignnls Tho mortgage business of the Queensland Deposit Bank having reached considerable pro- portions, and the tonner arrangements being bomowhat inconvenient, the Directors recently decided to have the conveyancing work per formed m the office and with this object they have engaged tho services of Mr W H Gregory Clvde, late of the R«al Property Ofhce Tho following appointments, promotions, resignations, transfers, and othei changes were published in Saturday's " Government Ga- zette' -Moreton Regimental Division -A Battery, Permanent Forco Corporal J M kamara is promoted to tho rank of sergeant Bnsbuno Garrison Battery Gunner W Jones late of A Battery, is drafted into the Permanent Forco Reserve The Moreton Regiment A Company, Sergeant ^\ Guj, Private G T Cox, and Prit ato P Foley aro disimssed for non-attendance M Conway is granted leave of absence until 1st Murcli, 1SS9 G Companj Corporal T A Plant is trans ferrod to the Bundaberg Mounted Infantry The Wide Bay and Burnett Regiment, Regí mental Staft Major N" Tooth is granted six months' leave of absenco from the 1st instant Mackay Mounted Infantry Lance coiporalL C Raymond is transferred to tho Charters Towers Mounted Infantry Tho Kennedy Regiment, D Company Lance corporal T Holden, Pi iv ate L Butler, and Private J Cut chffe are dismissed for non attendance His Honour Mr Justice Harding sat m Chambersyesterduy morning, and disposed of the following business -Parbury, Lamb, and Co against Lanfear, Nieol, and Co Mr T J Bvrnes for plaintifls, instructed by Messrs líurt and Flower Mr Power instructed by Messrs Chambers, Bruce and M'Nab, for defendants Mr Bj riiOB applied for leavo to sign final judgment aa per minutions Order made for pnyniout of £ob9 7s t>d mto court leave to defend statement of defence tight days after statement of claim Mulhair v Murphy Messrs Daly and Hellunr for plaintiff Messrs Lilley and O ¡sullivan for defendant This was an application to dismiss action for want of prosecution inasmuch as theie was no statement of claim Ordoi made to extend timo for one weok for delivery of statemont of chum, and pat mont of costs was fixed at a gtunoa and a half In Ecclesiastioal Jurisdiction re the will of T P Darby Mr Helhear, for executor, ap- plied to pass his aocounts of tlua estate, filed J3id October last, from 7th September, 1887, to tho 11th October, 188S, and to extend tho timo for twelve months, and foi a commission, and to be allowed oosts, including costs of this application Ordered accordingly, 1 per eent commission on £o27 14s 2d , and o per cent on £901 12s 3d In Insolvency and »« T D S Skyring Mr Osborne, for the trustees, applied for in- solvent s release, and the application was grantod lu Insolvency and ) e Sidney Phdhpa, <? pt te3 S Backhouse Mr Lnmaok applied for debtor s summons for £122 os Id against S Phillips Ordei accordingly Tho Curator of Intestate Estates obtained loave to adminis- ter in the following estates -Bartholomew Duflell and francis Putnck Callaghan | The newest thing iu journalism (says a cor- respondent of the «S. M. Herald) is to bo called The Gentleman. The editor is activoly sup- ported by Lord Lytton, and has the exprossod public sympathy of Cardinal Manning. For the first time in tho history of England, its firojectors say, the real literary talent of Eng- aña will be openly represented in tho columns of a newspaper, and that newspaper The Gentleman. " The Press work has, so tar, been in the hands of a gifted class, but tho anony- mous system has precluded that interest whioh naturally pertains to the individuality of those who write to amuse and instruct tho public." The Gentleman' « articles will all bo «signed. " An attempt will bo made to bring together in ono publication the best that the highest literary talent amongst us can produce, and our con- tributors will bo recruited from tho celebrated in all walks of lifo. The idea is evidently a weekly " Nineteenth Century" with the addi- tion of social and literary gossip. In a pub- lished letter of approval Lord Lytton says ho has always wished to see the plan Bketehod out adopted by some first-class news periodical ; whilo Cardinal Manning, in an autograph letter of support, says,-" Wo sorely need it, for chivalry and refinement aro low amongst us." The editor and staff wore " at home" last night at the Princo's Room, Criterion. Thero was a distinguished and interesting gathering. Mr. Tates, of The World, will not be among those having a good word to say for the proposed new weekly in journalism. From an announcement made in a New York paper, the Htm, it appears, sayB the Eternity Stainlaid, that a daring innovation in theatri- cal affairs Is projected by the manager of an American theatre, who confidently hopes the public will appreciate his efforts to gratify their taste for somethipg new and Bomething as life-liko as possible. In " The Stowaway " a melodrama shortly to be represented, the second act closes with the robber)- of a strong- box, or iron safe, by a couple of villains. Tho scene is in itself very sensational, but to givo it additional interest and excitement it is in- tended to employ the services of two ex-con- victs, real rutfians, who will be in theirelement in the safe-breaking-open scene. Tho two worthies engaged aro described to be un- rivalled as " adroit and adept burglars," and they will actually break a real safe open in full view of tho audience. They will have with them and use, saya the .American paper, a complete outfit of tools, and a fresh safe will have to be furnished at each performance. Surely if this does not " fetch " the public nothing short of seeing real murders on the stage will, if only there wero any means of Çrooming their services for a few evenings, 'he enterprising theatrical manager who had the happy thought of engaging the two ex convicts firmly believes he was well inspired ; and no doubt he is right. 