UNITED' CHRISTIAN: CON FER ENCE. The services of tile United Christiain Conference were continued yesterday. At three o'clock in the afternoon about one hundred persons assembled at the Memorial Church, Wellington-street, for prayer and praise, and to hear addresses on a special subject. On the platform were Pastor G. Soltau (who presided), the Rovs. C. Price, W. Law, and W. H. Walton, of Launceston ; thelRev. C. Cameron, Ml.A., (Longford); James Beattie (Kirklands); and J. Russell tEvaudale), and the Town Missionary-Mr. IR. Marshall. Several hymns from Sankey's " Songs and Solos " were sung during the mooting, accsorn panied on the organ by Miss Stephenson; prayer was offered by various ministers, besides reading of the scriptures. The Rev. W. II. Walton then gave an earnest address on "Waiting on God." Christian believers, he said, should wait upon God, "Our Father," with reverence and deep humility, with earnest expect ancy, intense importunity, and grasp of faith. Waiting upon God must be in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and for His sake. They should wait in the way described so that their hearts may be strengthened, their arms nerved for work, and be endowed with power from on high. Waiting upon God should be frequent for themselves, their families, the church, and the world. Requests for the prayers of the congre gation were read by Pastor Soltau, and these included three from men who desired to conquer the besetting vice of intemper ance, and a fourth for a widow who im plored prayer for a son, 17 years old in England, that he might be saved from the temptations incidental to his years and be drawn to Christ. Pastor Soltan urged prayer also for schools and colleges and the Rev. James Beattie led the supplication of the congregation. The Rev. J. Russell gave an address in continuation of the subject introduced, " Waiting upon God." Many Christians, he said, did not understand what was meant by "waiting," they were satisfied with waiting upon God in the house of prayer, but it implied much more than that. It meant earnestness, importunity, and patience. It should not be a laumorous waiting, impatience in this act, as in the case of Abraham, led to sin; undue eager ness to get a blessing might prevent its re ception. Silence before God was a favour able position for receiving conscious bless ing. They must expect blessingfor waiting, and ardently look for it. There must also be the simple trust which said " I will not let thee go unless thou bless me." True waiting was but the echo of the words "Lord, what will thou have me to do." They must wait in the spirit of being pre pared to be anything, go anywhere, and make any sacrifice. Then blessing would follow, and the flood gates of Heaven would be opened. After a few words from Pastor Soltau, and the singing of the hymn- the congre. tion engaged in silent prayer, and the meet ing was brought to a close. After tea, provided especially for the convenience of country friends, an interim meeting was held for mutual conversation on topics arising out of the previous meet ing. In the evening a service was held in the Wesleyan Church, Patterson-street, and was largely attended, the body of the church being filled with attentive listeners. The Rev. H. Greenwood (Wesleyan) pre sided; the Rev. W. Presley (Wesleyall) read a portion of scripture from St. John's Gospel, 15th chapter; the Revs. Allan Webb (of Melbourne), C. Cameron (Camp bell Town), and G. Schofield (New 'lTown), offered prayer during the meeting, and several hymns from Sankey's soles were sung, accompanied by Miss Price on the piano. A large number of town and coun try ministers were present. The Rev. H. S. Mercer, M.A., assistant minister of St. Matthew's Anglican Church, Prahran, Melbourne, gave an address on " Union with Christ, the secrotof power." We regret we can only give space for an outline of this masterly discourse, which rivetted the attention of the congre gation during its delivery. Mr. Mercer said he took it the object of the conference was the raising, deepening, and strength euing of the spiritual life of Christians. The spiritual life in relation to the Trinity was governed by three broad principles: -Union with (hrist, consecration unto God, and separation and possession by the Holy Ghost. He did not propose to dwell upon the theory or toach ing of the fact of the believers union with Christ. He took two things for granted in addressing that audience. 1. All were believers and were united to Christ. 2. All recognised the teaching of God's Word as to the necessity of a far deeper and closer union with Christ, and earnestly desired its manifestation. He would endeavour to answer two questions-How could they realise, enjoy, and manifest that close union with Christ to which they were called? and how would that union give them power? The answer was simply that this spiritual enjoyment was for all and to he understood by all -the navvy and the bushman as well as the student and the minister. The broad rule or principle lay in this that the means of attaining this close union with Christ was by the development of relationship with him. This was forcibly illustrated by the example of a young man coming out to the colonies with a letter of introduction to a person of influence and wealth, who receiving the stranger said-" Your father saved me from dishonour, I now put all that is mine at your disposal, I will look on you as my son, regard mse as your father and I will gladly respond." That invitation put the invited in the relation of sonship. It might be treated by the free will of the guest with scorn but that would not alter the.relationehip; or it might be accepted and developed and. the result would be in tile one case poverty, and in the other power, union, and blessing; and so Christian perfection was realised in proportionas Christians developed relation ship with Christ, and though they wandered from Him and rejected His offers, the refusal did not alter the relationship. At conversion the believer was placed in a seven-fold relationship with Christ, and lie could do two things neglect it or develop it, and so gainu blessing and power by the union. Although the relationship implied certain progression, there were not seven steps or rcngs of a ladder, but rather seven strands of a rope, Interwoven and intermingling all along the spiritual lifo. These seven relationships were possessed immediately. Believers did not grow into them, although they grew into enjoyment and power of them, some quickly, some slowly, and some scarcely at all. The features of the relationship with Christ in believers were-I1. They were Christ's property, and self-abnegation was Implied. 2. They were Christ's servants, and there must be a life of obedience. 8. They were Christ's disciples, and in this relationship learning and training would be developed. 4. They were Christ's friends, producing a life of communion and trust. 5ii. They were Christ's brthrethren, and this would produce likeness and similarity. 6\. They were Christ's bride, and this signified identity of life and interest. 7. They were Christ's body, and in this re lationship they got beyond union into the life of unity and oneness. These topics were amplified in chaste, forcible language, and the practical lessons were vigorously applied. As the seven colours in the rainbow formed perfect light, so these seven Christian relation ships formed a seven-fold cord of love. These relationships gave the believer power for service; for witness, over temp tation dutside, over indwelling sin inside, to bear auffering, to endure sorrow, and to fight against evil in the world. The believer could say, I am Christ's property, He will be my protector; I am Christ's servant, He will save me from failure; I am Christ's disciple, He will fit me for work in His vineyard I am Christ's friend, He will give me His personal help in sorrow and discouragemuent Christ is my elder brother, He will be my. prsonal helper in temptation. I am Christ's bride; Christ separated Him self and where He leads I will follow. I am part of Christ's body; He will give me power over indwelling sin. All sin was a failure of relationship with Christ. Pastor Soltau requested silent prayer For a brother's conversion; for a cousin, a young nman in New Zealand in deliate' health for a young nian on his .way: ha England; for a young lady suffering from malignant cancer that the suffering might be sanctified; for rain; for the outpouring of God's spirit on all Christian workers; and after a pause led the congregation inl prayer. The Rev. D. Annear, Wesleyan minister, Hobart, gave the second address on "Union with Christ, the source of fruitfulness:" Christ was, he said, the A and Z of tleso logical exercise and investigation, as well as of practical life, and the entire body of the alphabet was filled in with Christ. That name beautified social life, and gave civilisation permanent elements of strength. Christ would eventually dominate over the ages and conquer the world. Union with Christ involved complete, personal absorp tion "I live, yet not I, but Christ liveth in me." Everything in God's universe was fruitful, and he would rather be a robust fruit-bearing man than be an idle angel. History taught that all great reforms had been accomplished under a burning idea, under the glowing power of a great, original thought. He was told the other day " If you want to do anything worth the name is the world you must be mad." The assertion was startling, but true; he believed in a madness of method, of passion, in a sort of sublime crankeyism. The great secret of Christian fruitfulness was a burning, intense enthusiasm for Christ. Great men in all ages had lost themselves for Christ. The secret of comparative failure of ministers of the gospel, as well as private Christians, was that the union with Christ was not so vital as it should be. There was the octopus love of the world with its desire for human applause, and the green-eyed monster jealousy saying, " If I can't do it, it shall not be done." These were the codlin moths of the spiritual life, and were eating out its core. The march of Christians should not always be to the tune of "The dead march in Saul." He hoped good results to ministers would ensue from the conference. God had placed them in Tasmania with a population of 120,000 souls. No island was letter churched, but they were only half full, and converts could be counted on I their fingers year by year. Where were I the young people? Where were the mechanics and artisans-the bone and muscle of the colony? Where were the wealthy men and women ? Not with the churches as a rule. A mass of human life was floating past the church doors, and they don't touch them with their finger ends. The secret of their failure as a church was this-As Christians they were deficient in union with Christ. The following services were announced for to-day :-3 p.m., Memorial Church, Wellington street. Subject, "The be liever's separation unto God (1) by the will 1 of God." Speaker, Rev. D. S. Brunton. 2. 1 " By the death of Christ." Speaker, Rev. H. Greenwood. 6 p.m., Memorial Church, Wellington- street. Interval meeting;s questions. 7'30 p.m., Christ Church, P'rince's Square. Subject, "The believer's 1 separation to God (1) by the Holy Spirit." Speaker, Rev. H. S. Mercer. 2. " By per sonal decision." Rev. Allan Webb (of Melbourne). The meeting was closed with the Bene diction pronounced by the Rev. C. Price. 