wwwfsm HE died unrepentant. We sent him over to Sydney with a string of letters of recommendation to Sir Henry Parkes. We said that he hated a Victorian worse than poison, had nine times been accused of attempts upon the lives of our leading citizens and seven times of designs against the overland railway ; and that he was now wanted by the bobbies for trying to drown the Member for Williamstown in an egg cup. In fact, we thirsted for his blood. We wanted Sir 'Enry therefore to get iiiui into the N.S. W. Legislature. He had contributed conundrums once too often. But he died a swifter, a more merciful death. As he went through the Rip, the steward approached him. He was gracefully leaning over the side watching the swift flowing billows and doubting the Beneficence of Providence. " Shall I bring you up any lunch, sir ?" demanded the ki»(gbt of the basin. " Bring me up—ugh—any —ugh—lunch—ugh !" echoed the sufferer. [How we should have gloated over his sufferings.] "Cc-can't you see, man—ugh oh—I'm bringing it up myself ?" Deftly the steward lifted him up by the heels and tipped him overboard. As he rose to the surface for the last time he cast a grateful glance in the direction of his slayer, " Thanks, old man, be shouted," and sank for ever. • We decline to give the man the reward he asks for. He let the scoundrel off too easy. He should have let him live and long for death until just outside Sydney Heads. The affair appeared in the dailies under the heading " Determined Suicide," A HEYWOOD watchmaker, who has been singled out to do work under the distinguished patronage of the heathen, is in receipt of a couple of precious documents, which will serve to show the catch- ascatch can manner in which the Chinkee rastles with the Queen's English. Below are the letters re ferred to :—The Chinaman mentioned had given two watches to repair, and when one was completed «J«J Hi. J 1 * . 1 • 1 l i the artisan forwarded it to him, which brought forth the first letter. On the other watch being sent, the second letter was received. The firs epistle runs thus : " Dear Sir,—Mr. . I have been received from that watch 15th inst., another watch done finished, as sootier will send come by all satisfaction their, a after I will settle for your if per you send by Post- office order will oblige, also your truly sincerely friend I remain ." The second effusion is as follows :—" Mr. . Dear Sir,—You please as sooner will oblidge finishedmy watch done well send to me us for, and hoping you willing making vary proplar maker, and you will send us other watch before can but proplar maker therefore, and in main spring, very short, I want ft up, but gait 24 hour, so is that tvatch to be done, it is a wlong, also you excuse that to said that I suppose, you will send watch for me, I will send money by order to post office, also will oblidge.— Your Truly Friend," THE Princess of Wales is again suffering from deafness, we are told. This is very unfortunate, and especially if she can't hear what a fine noise her husband is making in the world. THE Queen is to attend a performance of Sullivan's "Golden Legend," the finest of his compositions. This is rather following'the lead of Albert Edward, who recently attended a performance of Sullivan's, which is said to have been worth seeing, considering thfe quality of the boxing. WHEN a forty over-proof larrikin goes in for making a small policeman think that he is a pocketedition of John L. Sullivan, Esq., all the world looks bright to him, and he feels glad that he was born. But when the diminutive guardian of the peace lands bin. " one for his mother's sake" on the apex of his proboscis, which causes him to suddenly discover that he has run up against a snag, then all the glory of the universe seems to have departed, and his soul is filled with a sadness that makes bis young life a burden to him. THE dry man in the corner, who had spent his last penny, and was suffering from prolonged drought, read in a paper, " An aged drunkard, who kept a diary of his drinks for the last half-century, died in Paris recently. His allowance had been four bottles a day, and it figures out that 73,000 bottles had been the interior reticulation in that time." The paper dropped from the dry man's nerveless hand, and as nearly as his parched lips could mutter, he said : " By thunder, what a time some men have of it!" He was now fired out into tiie street, and was last seen halt asleep in Carlton Gardens muttering : " What a time, what a time." " ALL illuminations gain immensely when they take place upon the water," says a scientist. This is the first time we have heard of a man taking the water first and the other thing "neat" afterwards. EMIN PASHA advocates the introduction _ of Chinese into Central Africa. We have no objection, and we daresay the natives wouldn't have any either, Happy thovght. The Chinese would be absorbed into the native population. (N.B.—The natives are mostly cannibals.) A CONTEMPORARY says that a woman trying to play whist is a paradox. How about brave old Sarah Battie, with her " clear hearth and rigour of the game ?'' But perhaps our contemporary means —a woman trying to play whisht J SIR JOHN ROBERTSON was fined 10s, the other day for refusing to pay a cabman his fare. Perhapi Sir John thought the honour of carrying him ought \- to be more than sufficient reward. Or perhaps the cabman was a Victorian. Good idea for a song The Cabman and the Knight — to be sung by the minstrels. Age, advertisement— ("CANVASSER for advertisements ^ Eutirely new idea. Something useful, we suppose. required. £579,629 per annum is speDt on toys in the United Kingdom, And the poor Royal Family hardly gets that much to live on 1 A truly saddening thought! A FUGUE is a form of music in whioh a fugue go in for. The perpetrator of the foregoing, if fugue-et a glimpse of him, should be killed on the spot. A BEREAVED husband mourns for the loss of his wife in the obituary columns of the Age after this sweet and soothing fashion :— 1 stood in the churchyard by the tomb of thy race,! And mused on the future with the calm of a sage; I stood in years after by thy own quiet mound, And recked (sic) on the past with the peace I have found." It must be inexpressively cheering to the spirit of the departed to read this—if the ghost of the A ge circulates in the world of spirits—and knows that her husband didn't go into any paroxysms of grief, or tear his hair, or make an exhibition of himself in any way, but just " mused" (leaning on the top of an adjacent tombstone probably) " on the future with th,e calm of a sage." Bythe-way, why don't deceased persons leave off conjuring their survivors (through the medium of the marble-mason) to " weep not for me when I am gone?" They needn't trouble themselves. A stranger who was not acquainted with our mortuary style would think the cemetery could only be traversed in boats—or at least sea-boots—on account of the quantity of tears shed there continually. There is a cruel (we might go so far as to say unmanly, seeing the person addressed is not able to answer back) cut in the last line.—"And recked on the past with the peace I have found." " Kecked " is probably used here as the past participle of " reck "—to care. It's absurd, of course, in this connection, but grief, like poetry, has a licence to be absurd now and then, The sting comes in the last five words—" the peace I have found," Married men will not need a explanation of this. Unmarried men will—unless they remain so—understand it soon enough. N.B.—We intended to have gone further into this matter, and given somejof our ovra conjugal experiences, but the missus has just returned from shopping, so we think that, on the whole, 1 ^ will be as well to defer them till some future timo VA7A otta »n n of nfti in s\nv> mnn VtntlOA r\T time. We are masters in our own house, of course, but there is no use in being too tyrannous. HERE is the choicest gem in the way of sensational burglaries that we certainly must award the palm to. On Saturday last a report (not of dynamite, though apy diner might have heard of it, as it happened about dinner time) reached that pious spot known as the Prahran Police station to the effect that a Smith-street grocery establishment presided over by a Mr, Robert Kennedy, had been burglariously broken into during the previous night. Good. The person who carried the message was one Charles Cherbury, manager of the said store, who, bear in mind, is the only person in charge of the premises. Charles' story was to the effect that the desperadoes entered the place by forcing the catch of the window and scooped up plunder in the shape of gold and silver coins amounting to about twentyseven pounds. The D's. started off on the track, the result being that suspicion came down wollop like a ton of bricks, and rested upon Mr. Cherbury with such a weight that the probabilities are that the inventive fairy fabler, Charles, will experience a little difficulty in extricating himself from his perilous position. On being taxed with the offence Mr. Cherbury admitted the soft impeachment, and was thereupon taken under the tender care of the police, charged with larceny as a servant. Before concluding we must confess that Mr Cherbury cannot be called a brilliant bursar ; on the contrary, though the design may be good the execution has proved an ignominious failure. Mr. Cherbury made, so to speak, a blooming error—his bedroom window was forced open from the inside. (The theatrical profession iB not the only one that suffers at the hands of amateurs.) SPEAKING of the burglaries that took place on Friday night last, we may be pardoned if we allude to that which occurred at the residence of Mr. E. Droop, 4 Victoria-terrace, Sydney-road. The property Btolen consists of a cruet stand, napkin rings, embossed pickle cruet stand, and other articles, valued at £30. There is no clue as to how the burglars entered the house, but an old oyster knife was left behind. That the festive burglars should have selected Mr. Droop's for thef; evening's entertainment is a moral certainty, and it does _ seem just a trifle sad that they should have been disturbed at their oyster supper. It is consoling, at any rate, to know that all their banquetting paraphernalia was taken away with them—that is, with the exception of an oyster knife ; but this is a difficulty of but little moment Perhaps, for aught we can tell, like some of the parliamentary banquets of now-a-days, the occasion referred to above was the celebration of a farewell send-off tendered by comrades of the jemmy to one of their popular brother burglars. ONE of our detectives, Sexton by name, has received a rather severe handling by a fellow whom he attempted to arrest in Richmond on a charge of passing valueless coin. The D. is a new man in the ranks, and is, according to a daily paper, to be complimented in his opening effort at thief-taking. Sexton, we may mention, must have been a new hand, a decidedly new one, to attempt such a proceeding single-handed, and no wonder " the boys " chaff him up at the Detective Office, but Sexton will probably gcow older by degrees, and ere the sexton tolls the knell of parting day very often will have purchased a supply of experience that will prove of great assistance to him. Now had we been in the detective's place we'd have*acted in a totally different manner. We would have shadowed our man till we got him Salem-scudder-like, so that the apparatus couldn't lie ; this done, w,e'd have taken our private telephone (which we always carry in our vestpocketfor convenience sake), and we'd have sent word to the Russell-street barrackstosendupacouple of dozen constables ; this we'd have followed up by wiring to Mick Nathan at the Lounge—" Send me up Burke, Slavin and Costello, also Mons. Victor, with a supply of the mesmeric influence," Armed with the above and a warrant we would have accosted our man, and after telling him that resistance was useless we'd have taken him by the scruff of the neck and shot the counterfeit coin tenderer (whose counter feats have not proved a paralysing success) in the local lock- up, and we're willing to open a book and lay Sfoe-io-n-othing we'd have done it. BOUND TO A PIER.—Just as the mail steamer Britannia was on the point of leaving Williams town, Detective Coleman informed an intending passenger and his wife that they were bound over to appear as witnesses in a Sandhurst cattlestealing case. This memory-jogger somewhat surprised the couple, who, as they stood on the pier watching the departing vessel, suddenly remembered that they were " bound to ap-pear, A DAILY paper in its aquatic notes speaks of "the form displayed by the Geelong Grammar School." We see nothing in that. Judging by the number of suburban truant cases that daily occupy the attention of the courts the Melbourne schools display nothing but forms—in short, like one or two of our theatres, a beggarly array of empty benches. A GENTLEMAN rejoieiDg in the not over-bashful name of Joe Bragg is described as what is known as a reformed criminal, whatever harmless little play thing that may be. Liberty would appear to be " Not for Joe," for, during his wanderings in many lands, he has invariably boarded and lodged at the expense of the Government. Victoria and Sydney have alone received special consideration at the hands of Joseph, no less than twenty of the happiest years of his existence being spent under their hospitable roofs. Now, a short time back Mr, Bragg, taking a leaf out of the book of Rip Van Winkle, decided on turning it over ; and no sooner said than done, for he skipped over and joined the ranks of the temperance people. Br&gj; then turned his eye to business and opened up agranc crusade in Brisbane. Joe tackled his opponent (that is the liquor) in thorough artistic and work manlike manner* He led off with his left, followed up with the right, thumped here, there, and in fact, everywhere, and finally landed the both that heavily that he completely knocked the beer out in less than the requisite four rounds. What did Bragg do then ? Blow about it you will say. Not at all. He did the most sensible thing in the world. What more natural when a man wants to put down liquor than to set about putting it down at once 'i He put it down. He bathed in it, he swam in it, and he was eventually trotted out before the Brisbane beaks in it. On his confronting the bench he looked that penitent that, as this was his initial Queensland opening, they gave him another ohance —it was all they had about them. Bragg was discharged. To show how cunning the childlike Chinkee is, we may mention that whenever any money is won in the lotteries (and at times there are hundreds, though, unfortunately for Europeans, such cases are rare) the wealth is carried along Little Bourkostreet, through the very heart of ruffianism, in a common brown paper sugar bag. THE Rugby game is getting a firm foothold in New Zealand. The Englishmen and the Maoris continue to bang away at each other, and it is considered quite a common occurrence nowadays to see legs, arms and other trifles flying about in all directions through the air, MB. J. J. SHILLINGLAW deserves every praise for his enterprise. This gentleman has instructed the town clerk of Warrnambool to call for tenders for raising the hull of the Enterprise, which is now partly embedded in the beach, near the jetty. The Enterprise was the first vessel in which Batman and Fawkner sailed up the Yarra, and it is the intention to exhibit it in the Melbourne Centennial Exhibition. The timbers ars in a good state of preservation, and the hull remains almost intact, but the deck has been washed away. This is a " tender" subject, and some difficulty will be experienced in raising the hull, as it is only at lowtide that work can be carried on. Anyhow, right glad are we to find that the Exhibition people are going "the hull hog or none." " HANS, THE BOATMAN," has been fined for overcrowding. This, by-the-way, is a ferry good advertisement for all hans at the Bijou, and mayne not often occur. TOUCHING the lemonade bottle that was thrown " overboard " from the Opera House gallery during a recent performance of the Vivian Dramatic Cotnpany, it is now stated that it was intended for one of the actors! THE new Australian Eleven have made an excellent start in England. In the late match against the Oxford University, Ranhleigh was the only batsman that could make any headway against them in the first innings, £roi» which the gentle reader will observe that there are times and circumstances when it is just as well for cricketers to play " rashly." WHAT an opportunity George Carey missed recently at the Alexandra Theatre, just when the Chinese excitment was at its highest, too. Oh, George, George, why on earth did you not bill the production as " Lee Ah, the Forsakeu ?"' THE London Times chips in hot and strong for Australia and favours the exclusion of the Heathen. Hard Knuts-for D-owning-street. (We mean downing the Chinaman.) THE latest startling news from Samoa is that matters on the island are that quiet that we could almost hear the proverbial pin drop. This is monotonous—for Samoa and Oliver Twist, like we, want Some more. THE South Australian Commissioner of Public Works, Mr, Catt, is at present sojourning iii the City of Mud (Melbourne). Say, what a high old time the mice will have of it. Hip, hip Hooray ! For Queen's birthday, Which is now well nigh upon us, Yes, hip, hip Hooray 1 Yells each M.L.A., For they're frantic for birthday honours. Judging by the snug, rosy and cosy billets found for all those gentlemen, not to mention their sisters and their cousins and their aunts, we fancy they are having one long glorious " berthday." 