07tPRiOFOU1n 3YSTERY~ S.. 1., :, COHAPTER XVII : _ý ;,LADY i LENAUES BALL; -?Music swells and floats delici6osly; Scores' are' suitors for :her hand in the daineaThlielush deepeins on her diusiky clcheeks, the streaming lightglo u in her starry eyes. She is dangerously brilliant <,atonight.-. Sir Victor follows in her train when \- I'ever his 'duties allow' him -When he ' das'id?cd ith others his eyes follow his i dar and go after her There is bat one in'all these thronged rooms for him one who is his h idol; his darlisi=ithe :r pride, the joy, tho.desiro'of his life.: -'IMy dear,-I am proud of -you to ' iiight,' Lady 1 Helena : whipers once. "-o s'You sirpasi yourself-you are lovely beiaiPd compare.: You do us all credit.' .. And Edith Darrell 's haulhty eyes ..look up- foirag. moment,3and, t.ey at e f lashing; through .tears S,.lie lifts the . lady's;haii'ld with :exquisites griace Vand' vv sses'i .T[hen smiles chsse'away.teih s, Once onlyonceshedancesw?a th Shanlcy Shen has ,ariseni 'to navoid him no not thlat either it is ie wnbo has avoided her.: She hasl seen:, him: let her be surrounded by? scores,' she :ihas`seendhim-=vhisperinig with ILady Gwcndhdioline,faining L'dy Gowendoline; flirting with Lady .Gwendolinie. It is .,Lai?y, GI.endoline he leads to s-upper, I :and .itis -after supper, with :the en- i chanting strains of the Strouss waltz filling: the air .thabthe comes up and asks for that:daice. "'r:'':I'm'isiiure I deserie it for my humility,' he -says, plaintively- 'I have. stood in' the 'backgroun'd humbly aind afar off,' and'giveii you up to my ` betters? Surely; after all the bitter pills :I have been: swallowinig, I ,ieervo one sugarpluimi. She laughs,i glances, at Sir' Victor r- making his- way towards her, takes' his arm rather-hurriedly, and mnoves off.. Is 'Lady : G.endoline'- a pill or a s" iiarplumiifi she asks. ' You certainly ....see?m to have had an overdose of her.' ?i ?owe Ladv G'wendoline ny deepest thanks;" ho -answers, gravely. 'Her efforts to.keep me amused this evening havel been wortlhy of a better cause. if the deepest gratitude of a too trusting -''heart,' says Charley; laying ? his haid'i -on the left side of hid white waistcoat, ! -be an reward for such servises, it is They float away. To Edith it is the. one dance of the night. She hardly .knows whether she whirls on a:r or on, the waxed floor. She only knows that' it is 6like heaven, ihat the music is °Bel.lstial, and that it is Cliarley's·: arm - ?:thaitis clasping her close, :,...Will she ever waltz with hini again; sle wonders, and she feels- feels in her : = innermiosti heart "that -sho is sinning coa?is tiiugs on ertli sliotuld h-e wrong. = Ifiu .could :only fast for ever-r-for, ,ever, !-.And while-she .thinks it'stops.'[ ' Ohr Charley,. that was 'a waltz !' Ssheosays, -leaning on him heavily, and' panting ;"no one 'else has my step as you;have.it? . .... ':Let us trust Sir Victor ,will learn i 'it?-ho b respondi, coolly. ' Here he . comes now. ' It was a charming waltz, Ditliy; but charming things must end, :Your liawful proprietor approaches; to your lawful proprietor I resign you:' Ile is: peifedtly unflushed, perfectly unexcited. ? He bows, smiles. yields her to Sir Victor, and saunters arsay, SFive seconds later he is bending over TLady' Gwendolino's chair, whiepering iin the pink patrician ear restingagainst thei listening golden chignoi .Edith looks onced-in her heart she -haties Lady Gwendoliine-looks once arid .io nuore. ,., SAnd as the. serene June mo'niing dawns," and larks and thrushes pipe, in the treei, Lady Helena's dear. live huildrcd friends, sleepy ahil pallid, get uito- hsir carri'ag'iand go homer: CHAPTERtXVIII. 'O' ONixY COUSIN, :S1hALLOW- iiEAirTEDL The `;d:iddle' of the d;:dy is -passed efore one by one. they -truggle do\vn Breakfast awaits each new comer hlot and ,teuipting,. : Trix eats hers'\ ith relish:.: Trix possesses. two of the chief elemdnts of perpetual human happiness' an appetite that n:ever fails, a digestion: that; in her own metaupiysUsial'American language;, never ? ies bick on h"r?r' :Bwa. Editlih looks, faigedr and spiit lissiIftpieoplo iare:toebh suptrnaurly biolo(ia osnt and-i'filh dTiashen- aid r iticia:atis llornisht lon"'p e op musnt '~.yS; ? poorZie' ,7 hr,.s·rd t'ha tc rearkso c mpassioat ely€ ai at peihe wan-cheeksad nachtrel"s'sirs2 :'hoih tsl hiis ftei bro-kfastoirenoiy j:i'd loal ioStIf?fiu lly used up-.. a ,'apity for their pi'eo'?fm'iind1 someof A so ·..,,?,?bdaig*nd::brandy :-It's £he thing~ • " dependuponith: lfor suchaics'eas yours?. •TherE is a copy df Tennyson in blue , and gld bdside Miss Darrell,iand Miss' ' Darrell's replj is' to flingeiti at -Mr \- '?"tasit'?.hil,r "It is`the hitst 'effort of deparis tc enjoy his nanill outunde the waving trees, and Sir.YVictor?;Ioo -ing. frash:ianhdireciuperated, stroills i ind. benhds oi h r:l tnlhher . ·pea. ni \- ~My'der,' he siiys"' hol palo you Ethis howwilly gou stand tihe w and time o coO'he ~¶i~ ,IJ.L.ji · .t...~; t - v.,api~ina4.l~s~~ri: i s I. s ,,,l1 -She does not blushh - o. tjrn' a trifle, impatiently away froni himi; and looks out. She can see Charley hand Captain Hammond ismoking sociab'y together in the sunny. distance. ';'I ;shall' g"row iused to it, I dare say. Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof:' `Have you had breakfastl' : I. made an effort, :and ifailcd. I watched Trix eat hers," however aind that refreshed me quite as well. It wais iilvigorating only to look at her .?.' He sniiles and bhnds lower,r drawing oneiiong,. browii silkefn tress of hair fondly:, through his:s fin?ers, feling as though le .would like to stoop and kiss the pale, weary face. But Trix.is ovei yolider, preteriding to read, and kissing is notto toibe thoiught. :: i of ''" . 1 are or gem oer to' `Catheron. Royal." he, aiiispersi, 'suppose you come-tlhe walk wili do you "good I amegiving, orders ebout the fitting up of-tle : old place:, TDi- i tell youn ti e iworkmencame esterday?ý' ' l ~~use me Sir Victor,' Edith answers: withian impatient motion: I feel too tired, too lazy-I-whi h you likedto stir. Someh other day I will go with pleasure.' Just now I feel like lyinghere and doingihe dolcc far niento. D)on't let me detain you, however.' I. He turns to leave her, with a disap-1 pointed face. Edith closes her eyes; and takes an easier, positionb among the pillows. The door closes behind: hiim Trix flings down her' book and bursts forth.. O f. all, the heartless cold-blooded animals it has' ever been :.my; good fortune-to meet, commend me to Miss Ediih Darrell!" - The dark eyes unclose and look up at ber ' My dear Tiix? :hat iii .the matter ivith you now? What new enormity have I committedl' ' Oh, nothing new-nothing new ati all,' is Trix's scornful response. ? It is quiite in keeping with thii'rest of: your conduct,' To be purely' and entirely' selfish in the noimal ;state of the future I Lady Catheron. Poor, Sir Victor whbo has won you, poor Charley who has' lost you, I hardlyi know which I pity mosct,. . 'I don't. see that you 'ned iwrist6 your precious pity on. eitlher ans\vrs Edith,.. perfecly uinmoved ,by, Miss Stuart's vituperatious; ?keep it for me. I shall. wake .Sir Victor a very good wife as wives go; and-for Charley- well, Lady Gwendoline is left to console him.' .. ' Yes, of course, there is Lady Giw·.ndoline/ Oh, Edithi, Edith, iiivat are you miadeo of I -Flesh and blobd likeiother people, or wsixwork wsth a stone -'for: such a lheartl :?1w-oIcan you sell yiourself as you are goiigl;to you persist in marrying hiim, 'ou lo?ve m?y r'othcr, aid '.et ydu:haind him 'over tI Lady .Gwendoline, I Com Edith, be honest for once"-you love Charley, don't you I' . ' It's rather late in the day for such tehder confessions as that,' Editlh re-. plios, with a reckless sort'of' lauhygu' ' but yes-if th' declaration' iloes you any good, Trix-Ilove Clibarleyv' ' And you give him nup !. Miss Dar-. rell, I give you up as a -conundruni I can't solve. Rank and title` ar 'all very well-nobody thinks more of them than I dro; bit if I loved a mairi,' cried ,Trix, ivithi kindling eyes and glowing chcks, ' I'd laarry hinr though he were a beggar. .Edith looked up at her kindly, with a smothered laugh, ' I believe you, Trix ; but then you are ' differenit from inm, ' ere it is.' She half raised ihleself,looking dreamily out of the'sunlit prospect of lawn; and poppice, and woodland. ' I lade Ch:arley, but I love myself bettecr. .01, Trix, child, don't lot us talk about:it. I am iircd:nd moy head aches.' She pushed back the heavy, dark hair. wearily ofif .her .temples with both hands. 'i'm what you call mo--a selfish wrretch,i a heaIrtless little :,rute-and I am gaing to nizirry Sir Victor. atheron. Pity hirie if you" like, poor" fellow, and he lo:es noe with ihis whole heart, and lie i a bravo ad loy;al ge llenitais. But don't pity yourbrother, mny dear; be icve. me he doesn t need, it. Io is' a good fellow, and -he likes me, but he vwon'c break his heart or commit suicide while' he i a cigar- left.' i 'iHere he coinies,' exclaimtd ..Trix, e bey goinas e.ishnei?; .?? oncrned asIt'asa turnhosto edpiiks SiruTic tborou chn't plimrsophers.oth I ibeleehooou is aer made ton each ot her , ad s- faras -aniser..i? I ch d hadi'led as Charley. com'ae?d,- Tri.? goes out, have you Ib.een '.dvedropping,? I Don't deniy it, sir, if you have. '-. Chi'il 'tike a pisition in-an easy arm clhairtsome 'five "yardsdistant, and lo?ks at.hi r lyin" there lang"md' and Io. lely. : i :' ihava been eavesdropping-? .eater lonyi n sniallFivices. Ifammdag nlet6 imdi"th eiiddo'w i2 'oerhieard'' you an Trix. Open iconfession is-bene ficilal, no, doubt, ut, imy dear'cousin ou shoold tmakel them uiii soiauile aL tonie .It might have been Sir Vicior instead of nie;'task 5 t r p he hiaslearnied to5 kisow' iii?"fhier dark colourlese face i' "'uu'e, s lovei'?yo ? not adoibt of that, Dt hy -to the depths of idiocy, ;where you know so well. to -ecast your victims;, but; hard hit as he is, I wonder what he would say if he heard all this,' ' .'You might tell him' OCharley;' E-lit says.:' I shouldn' mind muclh, and he might jilt me--who can tell? 1 think it would do us both good. You could say, 'Look here-don't marry Edith Darrell, Sir Victor, She isn't worthy of you, or any good. man. She is full of pride, vanity; ambition; selfishness, ill temper, cynicism, and all uncharitableness. She is bla.e at nineteen; think what she will be at nine and twenty. She doesn'tlove .you. I know her well enough to be sure she uever will, partly because a heart" was left 'out in 'her" hard anatomiy, partly because-because all the liking sho ever had to give wenit long ago to somuebody else.' Charley I think. helie would give ime up-and.I respect himn for it--if he knew that Tell him if you have theli courage; and when he' ,casts moeoff comie to nie aid make me marry, kwhen-theehoneoym oenaisc- " hen each other as only ill assorted wivesm mind hiusbands over 'hae- let the' thought 'that w'?: Ihave 'done the ' All for love and thIe world well lost' business to the bitter enid console us,' She laughs recklessly. She feels reck less enough .to say, anything, do any thing, this morning..s- Love, ambition, rank, " wealth-what" empty baubles they :all look, seen through" tired eyes the day aftera hall. He;sits silent, watching her thought fully. : I don't understaild you, Edith.' he' says. 'I feel like asking you the same question Trix did. Why do you marry Sir Victorl' ' Why'do I marry him?' site repeated, `'-Well, a little because of his handsome fiace and stately bearing, and .the triumph of carrying off a prize for which lG your Lady Gwcndoline and.half a score I more hliave battled- little because he I pleadsso celoquently, and loves me as no other niortal man did or ever will; and, oh, Charley, a great deal because he is Sir Victor Catliero,, of Catheron iRoyals,?with a renit-roll of twenty thousand a-year and more, and a'name that is older than iagna Onarta. 'If there be any virtue in truth, there you have it, plain, unvarnished. I like him \--dwho could help it? But love him no!' S!he clasped her hands over her head, and gazed dreamily out at the sparkling, sunlit scene., I shall be very fond of him, very proud of him, when I am his wife-that I know. Be will enter Parliament, and make speeches, and write political pamphlets, and reo dress the-wrongs of the people. , Ho's the' sort of -man politicians are made of-the? sort of a man a wife can he proud-of. And on my weddingdday, . or perhaps a. day or tivo before, yodu and I:shall shalke hands, sir, and -see W i ell, -for . yeari or b:two? least, until all ti,'follyi of the past cin be remembered only as a;, thing, to be laugheud at; or unitil there .is :a tall, handso:me Mrs Stuart, or, moreo likely, a Lady Gwendolimne Stuart. And, Charley," speaking hurriedly now, and not -meeting the deep gray eyes" she knows are fixed upon her, ' the locket with my pictuire, and the letters-you won't want them, then ; suppose you let me have them back ?' '.I won't want theni then, certainly,' Charley responds, 'if by ' then' you mean when 1.,am husband of the tall, fascinating " Mrs Stuart or Lady Gwendoline. But, as I have not that happiness yet, suppose you allow me to retain them until I do. Sir Victor will never know, and he'would not mind niueli if he did. We are cousins, are we not, and what more natural than that cousins once removed should keep each other's pictures ? By the by, I see you still wear that little trumpcry pear' and torquoiso brooch T gave you, with my photo at the back. Give ,it use, ?.die-torquoise does not become your biown skin, my dear-andt I'll give you a ruby.pin, with Sir Victor's picture,instead. Perhaps, as torquoise does become here, Lady GOwendoline will accept this as lo-e's first timid offering. The rubies will do tivice as well.for.you'. " " , I-Ie stretched forth his hand' to.un' fasten it. Slhe spring ba-k, her cheeks llusling, at his touchb. fYou shall not have it! INeither Lady Gwendoline nor any one else shall over wear it, and, married or. single, I lshall a keep' it to: my '.dying day if I eliise ! 'bOhrley! What 'do :-you lier"shilst hn looked at lheihe ?-a her. master, end heke?iyt . ,. ' Clarley, let me "o'shbe pleaded. If any ene cameo int.the servants or :.e laughledi contemptuously; anid held:her still.: -.:: : :: : ".Yes; Edith, suppose. Sir .:Victor caimo in and eaivs his brideeolect with a sacrilegio us arm ahbut her ivaiist I Sup. :pose I told: hih:tli iriith- -thatP you are 'ine;i niot his-mine, .by the love that alone makesit marriage. holy-his for title and his :for iaent:roll-bougtht ~iidsd6ld Byhen, wish hevnih hhalf as thi ChaIleyChf arle Stuart ' She clut helir breatih her pride and her insolence droppinpg from lier- onily a girn in the grasp of the niaris sh loves In thati inoment,:, if lihe had willed ithe coulil'h ae madeiher fore" g' her plight, aind plede he-self to be ,Edith , h said, 'as I stind and look at youin your beauty a d your selfish ness?l hardly. know wh?ther I lidg or. despise you:most.. Icooild. make &you; nmarHym;erli-;n.ke you!, mhiild butyond hare not worth it; Ge!' lieopened his arms contemptuously'and released her, ' You'll not be a bad wife to Sir Victor, I daresay, as fashionable wives go. You'll be .that ornament of society a married flirt; but you'll never.run away. with his dearest friend, and makre a case for tihe D.. . 411 for .love, and and the world well lost,' is no mnotto of yours, my handsome 'cdusin. A week agolI envied: Sir Victor with all my heart; to-day pI pity him with all my soul.' He turned to go, for.once in his life thoroughlyr:aroased, .passionate love, passionate rage, at war within him. She had sunk -bacek upon the sofa, li;effaeo:hidden in her hands, humbled as in all her proud life she had never bein lhuibled before. Her silence, her humility, touched him.. He heard a stifled soli, and all his hot anger died out in pained remorse. ' Oh forgive ' me, Edith,' he said; ',forgive me. It may be cruel, but I had to speak. I is the first-it wvill be the last time ;I ameeelfish toe or I would-atil hearthe tuthrtilan the the hearseg" should ioake :you' miiseabl Den t c'ry,? Edith I dcan't lear it. Forgive me, my .cousin they are the last tears I shall ever make you -shed,. The words tih meant to soothe: her hurt more deeply than the words lhe meant to wound. 'They are the last tears I will ever make you shed.' . . •An eternal farewell was in the words. She heard the door open, heard it close, and knew that her love and her life had 1 parted in that instant for ever. CIIAPTER XIX. Through the warm June noonday, under the fragrant greenness of the treed, across fields and along pleasant rustic lanes, walked Sir Victor Oathe, ron towards Cathteron Royals. A:1 pleasant and genial young. Eniglish gentleman he looked, at peace 'with the world and 'all therein,' whistling as he wa!lked. He looked happy enough, and let there were several very bitter drops in his cup too,. First there was Edith-was not Edith to be the first for ever in his life iow? She did not love him. More: at tines-this morning, for instance-sho seemed absolutely intolerant of him. Would he ever take the place her cousin held in her hearth for: love's fine.intuition had told him .long ago how it was with her and Charley: Then there was the thought of his father--alivre, insane. To know that insanity isin your family-may possibly desceiid one day to you-is not a plea-, sent idea. A murdered mother- a mad father! His blood ran cold as lie thought of it. And dreamily and vaguely he felt that, bad as what he had already heard :. was, something lay, behind still, and worse. . Gradually his thoughts shifted' away to othier and pleasanter tliisis.u His efdibpteme liwErýa`ts WBto s "e nilas eloi 'week. By that'tim o Cetlheron Royals voiuld be ready for their receptions inasens, architects, landscape gardeners wcere already at work. More beauti ful than it had ever been in the past, the stately old mansion, the. noble old park, should be in the future a fitting. home for his peerless bride. After the ceremony they would go for the first nuptial month of banish. ment to 'some secluded sea-shore nook -then a long, delight continental trip-then home for the Christmasa holidays, the Christmas joys. Long before she would have learned to Jove him; hle wodu!d so study her every wish. so gratify her every dream, be so faith- : ful, so loyal, so true. Beyond that lay a life of unalloyed bliss, likeany other fairy prince and princess, nothing re mseained but to live hlppy for ever after. A nd at that moment as lie walked along, lighthearted as a schoolboy, Edith Darrell lay face downward, in her. room, shedding, the bitterest tears She had ever shed in lier life, with a rebellious, passionate, undisciplined heart, hating herself, hating him,hating all thing' on earth for the moment save.tlh man she had resigned. .He spent. an hour with thei work men, giving his orders. One room was to be walled up completely-the room in which,; three and twenty years before, a foul murder had been done. He looked at Iis watch-it was half past four. He 'would :return, he thought, and, if Edith's headache per- ,ritted, drive her out for an' airing. A brisk drive in the fresh, crisp sunshine and air would do her all the good in the world. r ::: Please, sir, giranny wants you:.' . ... "ilittle': vobics"e at his" elbow .'piped -'Pleiaseesir, granny ants yolu " -Tlhey vere near thei entrance "gaes, niid the urchin :poinited vith one grimy larid towards the 'gate lodgeo as he s- lare y ou?:uiy l:'ad '1 tl'e young baronet asked, doubtfully ' :' ::: SI'e Jl Johnny, MBiller, :,pleas, 5sir Victor; ind granny wants you, she do.' ,'Who is granny I'.:. : i :. : , : hs re.i fianny; please; Sir .Vict r_ miammy's mother. She'd coioe iout: tbo se;e you, o·lly sho.ca?its trdalk. i Shee'aa cripple, please, Sir Victor,. sad:. she wants to see you".' -'.::,?" ' . tVYery well, my man-lead on. I'll go out anid see grannqy, of course.'.,::"; Tie ranoboy:i i before; did hield open the door for tlIo: lbfd bf the iisnbro; its diamond pianed~ window :filled ?vilil rosea and gorainsums' and a qieer litle iol woman.siti'ng in a low chair knit?t 'This' is granyny please : Sir 'Victoir 'Victor, cos granny sheadef's Here be Sir'i!Victor, nowj? grannyp .:Jolihnn bawled in hfis venerable ielati ves ear, . 'Aye, aye,' the old 'woman said, gazing at Ithe tall slender figure, and pleasant, fresh.coloured face, with her dim, blearedeyes, 'it's Sir Victor. I'm an old woman, a -very old woman eighty-nine next Michaelmas-but I'd know his father's son anywhere. It's thie same face, the same face-pleasant, ahd smiliig, and bonny, "Ah, it's a very strange world-a very strange world.' She wagged her hoary old head, and pointed to a seat close by. SWill you kindly sit down a minute or two, Sir Victor? Run away, Johnpy deary, and shut the door. I'm sorry to trouble your honour, but I'm a very old woman, and I've seen ard heard sbme very queer things in my. time.r I'm eighty-nine, Sir Victor, and people that's .eighty-nine have seen. a mort o' queer sights,' and heerd 'a. mort o' queer sounds.' Wise geineralities,.* tho'ght: oa Sir Victor, smiling inwardly 'Is the old damein her dotage.Iwndlerhedoes, 'ifdou' nha ve anthin especil to say to meI thini I must ask you to say it at once. I aim: on my way to Powyss Place, and want to get there in half an hour.' 'Povwyss Place,' muttered the old woman, still wagging her .venerable head. 'Oh, yes, I mind it well, and her ladyship too. Ie was at Powyss Place the night the pretty little wife was killea. What a night that was. It-seems only yesterday, and it's three and twenty years. 6ho was a winsome little Iady, with hair like flax-as yellow and as silky-and always a smile on her pretty face. And they killed lier! Deary me, it's a wicked world-a wicked World.' 'Are you speaking of my mother, damel' the young man asked, impa', tiently. 'Your mother. You were a baby then-I carried you in my arms many and many a time. She was little more tlan a baby herself and they killed her, killed her while 'she slept, and her handsome young husband that was so fond of her and so proud of her far away. There was little sleep that night, nor for many. a night, at Catheron Royals. He went mad and died, poor young gentleman, and lies buried in a foreign land. And your honour is that like him, with your fair hair and bright eyes, that I could almost believe' that I see him again with his bride by his side. But that bride is down in the lonesome vaults-the black, cold, lone some vaults-and they tell me your bride is yonder-another bonnie bride from over the sea.' SThe dim old eyes looked at him inquiringly. He nodded in assent. What was the drivelling old drone driving at, he wondered. * It's true then, it's true and there'll be anotier grand wedding at Catheron ,oyals, aiid,the.joy bells.will ring, and -m ,ra y--rmaking,-nnd 'joy, everywhere. vlaybeI'll be alive to se it--I m a very old wonan, and I've lived to see a mort o' queei: things. Dear, dear, dear! The old must die-the young must wed. But whether I live to see it or not, Ill tell you now. I always said 'd teilyou if you lived to be a man. But maybe you know it already 1' 'My good woman, know what ' Sir Victor said, still impatiently. rI don't understand a word you're saying. Know what 7' The watery old eyes regarded him solemnly. ' The prediction.' ' What prediction I' 'Ilo prediction of the Catherous. Ahl, I thought you didn't know it. My lady she wouldn't tell you; but you ought to hear it-you ought, you ought.' ' A prediction. This grows interest, ing, said Sir Victor, laughing. ' We lave our family ghost, why shouldn't we have our family prophecy 1 Let me hear it; dame. Does it in any way concern me ' ' You and your bride-you and your bride. There's none of the name left but you.' ' It is not an evil orio, I hope. Pray let us have it at once, ' You are laughing ! Ah, young folks always laugh-it is for the old to weep. Ybu won's believe it, maybe-my lady won't believe it; but it will come true. -it will come. The rest came true so ,vill it.' S' Will you let me hear it ' He looked at his watch feverishly; but the old woman.was.not to be hurried. I mind the night we sat uip: with your father-mne and- John :"ooper. Re was butler. then; iwas John Hooper. and aIe's' dead aindi gonefor aughtA miw ' m;;i^lizid *ithe. night, it rainied yoxung husband lay with 'us riaving with brain fovercand s7e lay -iii Ches. holm gaol. The first of :it came true that nighlit, and 'I said to John Hooper, ':Wait and see. Mark my words'if the rest won't come true in time; .He's a bit of a;babe,' 1:, said .' but. he'll grow up to be a man, and he'll fall in love arid marry a wife, and on his wedding day the last of the prediction will be fulfilled.' :If it had not been against Sir Victor Catlirobn's instincts and principals to swear, :I think lie must have sworn now .:-He; suppressed the wicked desire: and: looked the ramblicg old "oody straight and stern in her eyes. ! ' My good woman'. he said;: pathetis cally.,'; will you tell me or will you riot! In fivo.e minutes I shaill have i|sft this room. R;ep'eat this wonderful prophecy of yours,;andrhavo done with it..' , . :' Imind it'well-I have it pat,': was the old dame's' unmoved answer, with a last dishial wiag of her head. 'The first of :itiwa about the murdr. Her Hi :-.iWhen murder the foulest that' ever .'-,:i.-- was dne . . Stains the hand of a Cath' eon the race eb :.^i?hali be run. .,.-. --..;; . .i: !.. 'Stains the hand of a Catheron!' Ah,' everybody knew it was Mr. Juan, though he got ofl' A bad, bold boy, with the devil in his two black eyes, and wicked thoughts ever in his heart, 'Go on-do go on,' ' This is the next. I'm an old woman, a very old woman, but trust me not to forget this: ' When in Cheshilm prisonamurderer's place \- s filled by a woman of Catheron race. That meant her, you kxow-Miss Inez. She was innocent, but they put her in. She hated Sir Victor's bonny young bride-she wantedto behis wife herself; but I never believed she did it-never, never, That was true that night; the rest is to come-the rest is for you,' ' Go oil,' Sir Victor said again - The dull old eyes's.fixed, themselves uponi hiinm the oldt;ips spoke_' '. When the bridegroom is widowed thle \- hme race shall ho pcded, the namne shia ll Iatent in his naturelayustrong sper stition anid the rhylme f the old woman startled him for' an: instant. Then he laughed again, aid arose. S' My good soul, is this all'` ' All!' the old woman repeated, dole fully; 'and enough for sure. It will come true-mind, I warn you. The 'rest came-so will this. I'm sorry for it- I don't want to frighten you; but mark me-it will come. The baronet took from his pocket a sovereign, and placed it in her lap. He laid his hand on her shoulder, and looked steadily and sternly in her.eyes 'See here, my good woman,you mean I well, I have no doubt, but don't repeat this nonsense to any one again-you hear me, to any one. It is rubbish of course, but rubbish may annoy. You understanidl You are to repeat this to no one. ' I understand. I've kept it for three and twenty years until to-day-I can keep it until I die. But mind, I've told you -I've warned you-it's a duty olff my mind. Call it nonsense if you like; but the rest came true; and when the time comes, so will it all.' He hardly waited for the last words-he was gone with quick im' patient strides. What folly was thisa it. was folly, of course, and yet folly, as lie had said, with power to annoy. ' When the bridegroom is widowed the day he is wed;' doggerel rubbish certainly, and yet at a stray- tune haunts one at times so the jingle haunted him all the way home. ' The rest came true !' The croaking voice of the old woman was in his ears again; ' when the time comes, so will this.' 'Widowed the day he is red !' That meant Edith would die. He started from his reverie iu horror. Good heavens, what a fool he was to let this doggerel rubbish- trouble him. .'i am orowini mnoýi nervous than a: would laugh at me if slehe?erd this.' I wonder if my Aunt Helena knows any thing of iti .Simply through curiosity, 1'11 ask liher.' Simply through curiosity, of course. He sought her out when he reached Powyss Place, and found her unoccue pied and alone. Ho threw himself into a chair, and narrated gaily his morning's work -at Catheron Royals. Then he related the episode of his being waylaid by Johnny, and the in terview with ' granny.' 'Did Martha,' Lady lHelena said 'yes, yes ! She was at Catheron Royals in her infancy. And what had she to say to you. ' Something to make your b,!ood cons geal. I can tell you the moat dismal prediction you have heard, Or, per.. hIps you may have heard it I With his eyes on her face, and a smile on his lips, he repeated the rhyme. Lady Helena listened in silence. ' Well, he demanded, is this new to you or old I' ' Old,' was the answer, ' I have heard it, read it many a time: It is in a very old vellum book in the library of Catheron Royals. You can see it for yourself any time if you wish.' 'Indeed ! But 'surely-surely you don't believe it 1' ' I don't know what to believe- I suppose there may be more things in heaven and earth than are dreamed of in our philosophy. The prediction is dated three hundred years ago, and the first part has come true.' (To be continued.) 