Shreds and Patches. ONE.swallow tail does not make a waiter. " WE'VE noticed that a girl's ' yes' generally has the genuine ring." TOIOT TERRIBLE.—The blast of the amateur comet player. BULWER was correct when he said that " in the bright lexicon of youth there's no such word as fail." It is now always mollified down into " assignment." HE is a great simpleton who imagines that the chief power of wealth is to supply wants. In 99caBes out of 100 it creates more wants than it supplies. THE man who moves down life's path and finds it strewn with sweet surprises is he who Knows just how it's done, who keeps a store and advertises. " SHALL I hereafter darn your stockings ?" is said to be the fashionable language for a young lady to use when making a Leap-year proposal. FIVE and a-half feet of bride stood before the altar in a parish church the other day, and promised to love, cherish and obey four feet and a-quarter of bridegroom—and that's the long and the short of it. A YOUNG fellow having been charged with getting drunk the night before, and wishing to justify himself, declared that he never was drunk, nor never meant to be, for it [always made him feel so bad the next morning. " I FEEL so miserable again this morning," said a complaining wife. "Yes," replied her exasperated husband, " you wouldn't he happy if you weren't miserable all the time." " THERE, John," exclaimed an indignant mother, "that's twice you've come home and forgotten thatlard." "La, mother," explained young Dutiful, "it was so greasy that it slipped my mind." A YOUNGSTER, while warming his hands at the fire, was remonstrated with by his father, who said: " Go away from the fire ; the weather is not cold." " I ain't heating the weather—I in warming my hands," the little fellow demurely replied. " MAMMA, said a young lady just home from school, and gazing upon a picture of the " Open Sea, - is this an oil-painting or a water-colour ?" "Shi" answered the mother, with a lpok of surprise and chagrin, "it's a water-colour. Don't you see the water ?" HYPOCHONDRIAC.—I am feeling very blue this morning. Doctor.—What's the matter ? Every time I feel my nose it hurts me." But you are not obliged to feel your nose." " But how can I tell whether it hurts unless I feel it ?' "Do you like a moustache?" he asked, as he sat beside her, gazing at the rising moon. "I ask because there are young ladies who say tbey are horrid." " I don't know," she replied, innocently, "whether I like one or not. I never had one on my lip." " Oh 1" he exclaimed, with a long-drawn breath. Then he drew her closer, and there was a sound as if a bird had chirped. "I HAVE ventured," he said, "to buy this diamond ring, hoping that you would allow me to Blip it on your finger as a token of our engagement." " I am very sorry," she said, " but you are too late. I am already engaged; but if you will have it altered to fit my little finger I will Bhower upon you the wealth of a sister's affection." WHEN Sir John Carr was at Glasgow, in the year 1807, he was a6ked by the magistrates to give his advice concerning the inscription to be placed on Nelson's monument, then just completed. The knight recommended this brief record: "'Glasgow to Nelson." "True," said the bailies, " and, as there is the town of Nelson near us, we might add, ' Glasgow to Nelson nine miles," so that the column might serve for a milestone and a monument, AN absent-minded professor was sitting at his desk writing one evening, when one of his children entered. ' What do you want ? It can't be disturbed now." I only want to say good-night." " Never mind now, to-morrow morning will do as well.', THE witty Sheridan was once taken ill in consequence of a fortnight's continued dining out and dissipation. He sent for a celebrated doctor, who prescribed rigid abstinence, and calling again soon afterwards asked his patient if he was attending to that advice. The answer being in the affirmative, " right," said the doctor, " 'tis the only way to secure you length of days." " I do not doubt it," said Sheridan, " for these last three days since I began have been the longest to mo in my life." WAIT till she is at her toilet, preparatory to going out. She will be sure to ask you if her bonnet is straight. Remark that the lives of nine-tenthB are passed wondering whether their bonnet is straight; and wind up with the remark that " you never knew but one woman who had any common sense about her." Wife will ask who that was? You say with a sigh, "Never you mind." Wife will ask then why you didn't marry her. Yuu say, abstractedly, " Ah, why,indeed 1" The climax is reached by this time, and a regular row is sure to follow. A YOUNG man used as a reporter on an evening paper was sent to interview a lady. His ifirst question was: 1 "How long have you been married?" " About a year," was the reply. The pseudo-reporter then asked: " How many children have you got?" And BO sincerely unconscious was he that he could not understand the lady's look of astonishment, or get it through bis skull for a while why she suddenly refused to be further interviewed. SIR WALTER SCOTT used to tell, with much zest, a story of a man who tried to frighten his friend by encountering him at midnight on a lonely spot which was supposed to be the resort of a ghostly visitant. Ho took his seat on the haunted stone, wrapped in a long white sheet. Presently, to his horror, the real gboBt appeared, and sat down beside him with the ominous ejaculation: " You are a ghost, and I am a ghost let us sit closer and closer together 1" And closer and closer the ghost pressed, till the sham ghost, overcome with terror, fainted away. "WHAT'S to pay, John?" asked a scrubby farmer of the sexton of Kilwinning, who had just finished the sorting of the sod on the grave of the farmer's wife. Five shillings." For that 6ma' job ? It's out o' the question." Weel, ye may think sae, but that's my cbairge." Five shillings 1 ye're weel payed wi' half-a- crown." I've tell't ye my charge." " There's four shillings, ruither than has any quarrel wi' ye the day, John, but no' a farding more." " No, see," said John, holding the money in the open palm of his left hand, while his right band held his spade, " doon wi' the 'itber shillin', or up she comes," The alarmed farmer lost no time in paying the balance. THE Saxons are a very polite people ; so overpolite that they ,not infrequentlv bring down ridicule upon themselves. It used to be 'told in Dresden that a stranger in the city was one day crossing the great bridge that spans the Elbe, and asked a native to be directed to a certain church which he wished to find. Really, my dear sir," Baid the Dresdener, bowing low, " I grieve to say it, but I cannot tell you." The stranger passed on, a little surprised at this voluble answer to a simple question. He bad proceeded but a few rods when he heard footsteps behind him, and, turning, saw the same man running to catch up with him. In a moment his pursuer was by his side, his breath nearly gone, but witn enough left to say : " My dear sir, you asked me how you could find the church, and it pained me to have to say that I did not know. Just now I met my brother, and asked him, but I grieve to say that he did not know either." " You have a great country," said an Englishman to an American. " I admit it. A grand country—vapt in its territory, and of boundless resources, but your climate cannot compare with that of England for salubrity." "It can't?" Certainly not." " Why, now, our climate is one of things we pride ourselves upon. We have «Rf Jgndf- to suitfrigid, temperate, torrid, and each possessed of a salubriousness equalled nowhere else in creation." - But it is averted that Americans die early." Die early ?"Jjff Yes, sir; aim'especially your business men." And don't you know the reason ?" " It is found to be in the nature of your climate, I presume." L - " In the nature of our clinratfe ?>? No, sir. ThdJred&on; v Americans die early is because they ain't-Jjogs.Tiebause they know when they've got enough. '-Public-spirited, patriotic, and unselfish, they die early, sir, to make room tor the rising generation." IF the performance of the marriage ceremony in civilised lands is often attended by ludicrous incidents, what must be the experience of the minister who presides over a community of people born to primitive customs ? The late British Consul at Samoa says that a missionary there was one day visited by a gentlelooking youth, the son of a British resident in the islands, who asked: " Please, sir, may I get married ?" A day was appointed for the ceremony, when, at the time named, appeared the youthful bridegroom, looking neat, shy and guileless. He was asked to take a seat, and did so, blushing vigorously. A quarter-of-an- bour elapsed, and there were no fresh arrivals; yet there sat our friend without the slightest show of that impatience usually attributed to gentlemen about to take the fatal plunge. At laBt the missionary became impatient, and asked him where she was staying. '"Who?" said the youth. Why, the girl you want to marry." Ob, she's at Salata." " What," cried the minister, " have you come here for me to marry you to a woman Bixteen miles off on the other side of the island?" "Yes," replied the innocent; "I didn't think you would want her.'' He was sent away to fetch her, and in the course of a week returned to go through tne marriage ceremony in due form. 