~oiIxoTB week hiaeen?:sp ntinin the -.gii. litive Assembly, apparently for no other pur pose than that hon. members should talk to their copstitueats, and there is a prospect of this week being spent in a similar manner. Of course, where such an inipoii'antquestion as te fate of a Government is at stake a lbd:of talk might, reasonably be anticipted, but outsiders might nevertheless expect that only the particularissue touched -upon inthe amendment upon the Budget proposals would have been discussed. .Instead of. this, how ever, several issues have been dragged in and details thrashed out that *mnist necessarily again be brought up in committee, and would really have been best left to consider in committee. The Government are placed in a very unenviable position. Several of their supporters are pledged to vote for increase of stock tax and additional duty upon oats and barley ; one of their supporters was to move a resolution to that -effect, but failed to do so when the time arrived, although a strong party on the right of the Speaker was pro pared to vote for it. ir Munro then took up the running, and moved a resolution to give the farming community thel relief de sired. This motion, although coming from what the Government recognise.as.a hostile source, and has been ccepted as a vote of want-of confidence, pla:es the supporters of the Government who desire the increased duties, but do not wish to displace them, in a most embarrassing dilemma.- The Govern tent irjtually say. to their.supporrers, pri vately .soifar it sememt "-t" 'votei for' us against Minro'sýamendmen? and we will enable: you carry in committee wat tie motitn aflirms:--but there is nop public assurances givenion this poit. 'If this advice is taken most likely the farmers' ostensible t friends behind ,the Ministry will be placed between two stools-if they will not vote for i Mr Munro's motion in the House the Oppo sition cannot be expected to assist them at at later stage-'. Thie P sitiii'n "'teikeip is this that there should be no tampering with such a vital questionas the farming interests. The I increased taxes on.cereals and, live stock are good-or they-are-not;. if good .no..harm can ] come of :the 'farmers' frieids' in the~ House l voting. for Ithe 'motion o6fthe .t ember for Geelong--'nd..there- should be- no backing down=- the pii.eiple shodild b'atllirmed, and I then let thisi{ GOdverrimeitnrfind; its: own best I way.toigie it eect. W wviink, w e r, there is too much talk over the businiess now and the- country aii udg'eof meminbers by. their voters wher their sympathiesa-e. 4Tir time has again, arrived when the electors' of, the;Southern 1Pr~ivnce will be fforded an opportunity of choosing a gentleman to 're-' piesent them in the legislative Council,and Sir Wm. Clarke, Bart:; the retiring member,' seeks reel-e tion.. -,T ay (Thursday). is the laesti.tine'foi receiving anominations, and it mray be considered a certainty that the retir-" inginmimb6triwilihave a-.walk-over, because, nobady.,would: have -a ghost of a chance against that gentleman. We may say, having' been consiuited:-. about- opposition to, 'Sir; William- this is the advice we tendered, be cause apart from tpolitic~altogether, the per sonal popularity tf.he'worthy Baronet would most assuredly honimand a large majority in the constituency against all comers. We think it well to- point lout that mere wealth, evan for a seat'in thelouncil, should not be considered a very high :qualification-and in \ )this demooratic community: wetrus. but few would be found to truckleto Mammon-but j it should not be regarded as :a drawback for honors, more especially, when it was in the ! hanldsoft a'gentlemah who uised it judiciously and- generously, and in so doing had given evidence of a:high order of real worth. Sir William Olarke, `althdugh' not perhaps so in timately associated with this portion of the Province,r h-s' more than once given earnest of a desire to serve the place, and that he'isT an honourable, high.mninded good man is in itself sufficient reason to warrant us in hoping he will gain his seat, as we are pretty sure he iwil, without the worry and annoyance of a contest'.. Although generally suspicious of {j wealthy men taking promiient part in politics imore especially in the popular chamber, we know;.. that the fact- f a :wealthy man being in the"Upper House--the ohamber which re presents ?',ealth---is not so, serious, but the facttis Sir -William,- Clarke, -as- a thoroughly Sfair-mindedy liberal-man, would reflect credit upon any.representative porsitioi in1 the collo?.-- ?: - - At a meeting of Trustees of the Kilmore race conrse; held on Saturday last, it was decided to call j tenders immediately for pintinjtheies-and, macing a oulvert on the running ground, improving the fencing and erecting new gates. Si WRinderstand se r Denis Ihyan, of Sugar Loaf L CreLE,- haslsecurdhthe well-k- nowni'thoroughbred s tallion Slanderer, and will travel him this se ison in -the Kilmore district. The horse named is connected SwiPfi thh'ebt bilood tf +t iSolony and his stock have i performed well. Mr RIan desbri?es credit for in. troducing to the district such a good horse. ,The.nmasquerade ball at the Oddfellows',HalU onr Friday-iiiglt was largely aiten$td,i?z oonly by the district but by many visitors from other places. I The Mechanics' Institutefunds should profit largely by the affair, the chief or'g aisd of which was Mr T. J. 'Rush, who exerted himsel f ~greatly to bring I the affair tosuch a successful isuei. . a The Kilmore racecourse trustees are evidently ) dete;'r.iediffect improbvreients 'bn the course. In this issue tenders are invited for painting and repairing tho?stand; alc fqr~e 'ert on coars, and repairing gates" Tad feines .''. . SThe- Kijmore Shire Council held a meeting on Friday' ffenhon with closed doors. The principal bnsiness we understand was the consideration of the claim of M.,J..:Davern, who has issued a writ claiming £2000 damages' for injiriies received in Sydney Street. We believe some councillors were in favor of compromise 'and others determined to defend the action, hut a final decision was not arrived at ' bemg deferred to ther next ordlinary Smeeting. . : S-'The winter seasoi here has bien arb rkable oie for'its drought, and our local reservoir has less Swater than in thre driedt sunimmer.- Mr' Wm, Reed has been gazetted one of the Smanagers of Reedy Creek Conunon. ? " 1 -.. SOn a charge o? drunkehnessa Hoiiora Grace, ar rested on Saturday, was discharged on Monday by ar Hunt, J.P.. -- - -. 7- -. - Messra Hunt & Ahearn will hold a clearing-out sale atMr M~.-O'Dwyer's, BigHill, this day (Thurs Sday) when cattle, horses; &c.;: will be submitted. SOn Monday next Messrs C. Beard & Co.-willi uc tion at their yards, Lancefield,Mr Theos Quinlan's 246-acre farm, situated in Springfield, \- By our advertising columns it will.be seen that the SSpring Show of the Ovens and Murray Agricultural nod Pastoral Society will be held at Wangaratta on ] the 20th: and 21st Sptember. Retuirn tick?ts at I holiday excursion fares will be issued by the Rail way Department? ' l Mr M. A Cussen, a respected State School 1 teacher, who has been in charge of Tallarook School for a score of years, has got twelve months leave of Sabsence.on ~pick lea7e. Mr Cussen is about visiting f the old coPhtry tob recroit his healthliviih asi lieben rather indifferent for some time, and the occasi,,n was taken advantage of by numerous frIiends to Smake him a presentation, which took the shape of a handsome gold watch and chain., The pre-entation was made on 17th inst. bhy Mr ltmbden,- Cr. P. Dockery occupying the chair on' the occasion.- We wish Mr Cussen bon voyage and speedy restoration to health, hoping to see him soon. back at his old Spost, where he has done ib m'uch good. We have received a copy of IM-ssrs Gordon and J Gotch's Australasian Newopaje Directory, a work neatly compiled . The match, Rose of Kilm6re v. Romsey Football Club, was played pn:the ground' of the latter on C Wednesday, 2~2nd ult. The game, after a very fast and evenly contested contest, thought'at times ex-., ceedingly rough, ended in a draw, each securing f one goaL The visitora were entertained at the, SPost Ofice Hotel, where an enjoyable hour's har mony was spent, after which the visitors left for' I homl well pleased with the day' outing. 