? APOCRYPHAL, have had an audience of the Pope, and in the Melbourne Daily Telegraph vhat occurred at the interview, or rather what is represented to hare occurred, is copied from the English journal. It is very unlikely that the whole thing is a fiction, but it is also very unlikely that the report is in all particulars correct. We are in possession of Catholic papers from the United Kingdom up to the 27ik October; and we have one from India dated 2nd November, and in none of these do we find any reference to this alleged interview. . Nevertheless, we shall grant that it may have occurred, and as a means of testing the accuracy of the statements made by the representative of the London paper, we shall compare a few of them with others of whose authenticity there can be no doubt. In reply to the question if the visit of the German Emperor had proved satisfactory, his Holiness is reported to have said :— " I cannot ''ay," he replied, " that we are either patisfi'i! or dissatisfied with the Emperor's visii. That be oame to Rome was not at our rtqueet; nor was Lie object in coming favourable to ue, but rather to those who are against us—to those who, for ton years past, have practically compelled me to restrict myself to this palace, from which I cannot issue. My dignity forbids me to do BO. This young tnati (questo giavane), having* aooeded to the German throne, has been making a round of visits to European Courts; and finally to Borne, where his.'presenoe was calculated to strengthen our adversaries and consolidate their position, not to benefit us. He oame to see me; it was an aot of courtesy, and I was glad to receive him. I bad mooh to say to him; bat just as I was beginning my disoourse he interrapted me by calling in his brother, in order to present him to me. After that, I had no further opportunity of speaking privately with him." The correspondent of the Tablet at Home The Catholic Press is authoritatively empowered to deny all the rumours spread by Italian and foreign journals, especially those of Germany, relative to the oolloquy between his Holiness and tbo Emperor 'William II. The Holy Father made no allusion to the conditions wherein be is now placed by reason of the aots,' outrages, and menaoes of official and uuoffioial Liberalism. Not a word passed relative to the re-establishment of the temporal power. The Catholic Press, which speaks with authority in the matter, denies that the Emperor's brother acted with the rudeness represented, or that the interview was interrupted, as stated by so many Liberal and Protestant journals. The officialKolnische Zeitung, "whilst agreeing that Germany undeniably recognises the present situation of the kingdom of Italy, and consequently the possession of Home, proclaims the shortsightedness of Italian patriots in maintaining that the visit of the German Emperor is in any wise intended as the confirmation of Italy in the possession of capital." We hardly think that the representations of the journals we have quoted can be reconciled with the statements made by the representative of the London Daily Telegraph, but on the uestion of credibility we shall refrain rom offering any opinion. SIB CHAELES GAVAN COLONIAL DUFFY has made a GOVERNORSHIPS. contribution to the discussion of this subject, and a contribution on this or any other constitutional question from such a source is certain to be of much value. Sir Charles agrees with the views of Sir Thomas M'llwraith, but the people who are Imperialists first and Australians afterwards will explain that his Home Eule sentiments account for that. If Sir Charles agreed with them, we should assuredly hear from them a great deal about his knowledge of constitutional law- and parliamentary practice, and we should be told that no other public man who occupied a high official position in these'colonies ^as "better qualified to' give a sound opinion on such a subject Probably we should be reminded of his sound judgment and; impartiality <as Speaker of our Legislative Assembly, and it would be surprising if it were not also mentioned that the neutral position lie now occupies altogether relieved him from suspicion of prejudice or favouritism. But as he is inot with the people to whom Imperial interests are .the printary consideration on all disputed points in the relations of tlie colonies to the parent State,, fe, i^ybe allege^ yjih^t jbis iviews t arc eritit}e$ to"no wcigut, as they are to be attributed to his opinions on Irish ques- /tiou6. XJmt ifl jtb# ready end oonrenient A EBPEESENTATIVE of the London Daily Telegraph is said to explanation of the whole thing which we shfcll get from'the 'clriss whose.highest ambition for the oolonies is that they shall serve as props to Great Britain. They have discovered' that Sir Thomas M'llwraith is actuated by no higher motive than a desire to ingratiate himself with a few influential Hibernians, and secure the Irish vote. It does not appear, however, that, with regard to Sir Henry. Parkes, they have made a similar discovery. He agrees with the Queensland Premier, and Sir Henry can hardly be suspected of such a motive. The man who raised the fiiama' ghost, and proposed a Treason Felony Act for anyone who dared to say a disrespectful word of the Queen is rather an unlikely individual to objeot to a Governor because, as police constable, police inspector, and special magistrate, he put a Coercion Act in force with memorable brutality. Freed from misrepresentation, it lias nothing to do with the ckise that it was in Ireland Sir H. A. Blake proved his fitness for carrying out a system of-coercion in a most vindictive and cruel spirit. If he had become notorious as the oppressor of Bulgarians, Turks, or Poles, the case against him would be what it now is, and it would be equally strong. That it was in Ireland he found a congenial occupation and a most favourable opportunity for earning promotion may be regarded as an accident. ANYTHING more cruel SELFISH than the conduct of AND the Attorney-General in bringing Lady Mountmorres before the Times HEAETLESS. Charges Commission it would be hard to conceive. Her poverty, age, and helplessness constituted a claim to respect that would have received more con sideration from Clerkenwell roughs than she experienced at the hands of the Times and Sir Richard Webster. As the murder of her husband was in no way connected with the political agita tion of tlie time, it. wafe the act of tricksters to bring her .forward, for a political purpose. In the habits, circumstances, and temper of her husband an xplanation of his murder is'found. The mall portion of his income over, whioh he had any control was below that of a fifth-class clerk in the Government service here, the bulk of it going to money lenders; and his habits pf life were so much influenced by his poverty that lie consorted With anyone who helped him to the gratification ' of a ruling passion. But when on the bench he was a petty tyrant to the delinquents of the class who at the bar elsewhere could cheaply at any time have his company. He ruined them with fine or imprisonment for petty offences. He " gave " them six months for stealing a- few rushes,, or when they should only have been lightly fined for drunkenness he sent them to gaol as rioters. And, as was well known, it was for some such excessive and heartless act of severity he was beaten to death in a moment of hot, uncontrollable passion on the -part of his assailants. His caprice and tyranny on the bench had become unendurable. He had scattered; and degraded respectable families, and some of his victims, in ^ spirit • of /hot: resentment, took «a terrible vengeance upon him. Politics had nothing -whatever' to do with his death; in the sense usually understood the outrage was not agrarian, and the effort made in this instance to give it that complexion was both cruel and Selfish, for it placed his unfortunate widow in a position • which "revived' memories that must have been toiler most painful and humiliating. It must be an. aggravation of her affliction that for political and party purposes she has been so badly used; but it may be some consolation to her that the Irish: journals and Ebglish. Liberal organs -will not hesitate to expose the brutal trick of those who reopened er wounds, and paraded her sorrows for heir own yilo jBpds.. • . . . ..,,, • . SOWING DISSENSION. WITH regard to the question raised -fcy Sir Thoinas M'llwraith, the Times is of opinion that, if the Government will only move'slowly, things will come out tight in the 'end. It is not, hoWever, iiitehded tkat in im." official -quarters nothing shall be done to bring about that result. : Qn the contraty, the advice lb based upon a scheme of; great activity among: . the ' zealous friends of-the Govcmmeiit in' iinperial cu- bleeT Lord "Salisbury' is asked move nlowly to enable &em; to carry tfut their purpose, .and ^ati this jis haS alreadyi»eenmadeveiy,evident.i'They: hope to -detach U«»r «oiMh aid;] South Australia ifrem QuMnelandi'Snd t^UB 'place 1 Siti- T h d m obliged to capitulate. By flattery and duplicity this is to be accomplished. Sir Henry Parkes is extravagantly lauded for the calm and respectful; terms in which his address was couched. He gets credit for a regard for imperial interests that is most becoming in a person high in the service of the Crown, and worthy of its confidence. The South Australian Government is patted on the back for the moderation of its request, and it is said that ho difficulty need be experienced in coming to an arrangement on the question that would be alike satisfactory to that colony and the Secretary of State for the Colonies. By a policy of this kind difficulties have been overcome in the past, but it was carried out with very much more cleverness than in the present instance. The schemers did not bungle by showing their hand so plainly as has been done in this case; they were not impatient and precipitate. In the present instance the plotters have not themselves moved slowly and cautiously, as they advised the Government to do, and, as a consequence, the colonies that were to be played upon are warned of their design. The result should be a feeling of resentment, and a determination not to abandon Queensland and Sir Thomas M'llwraith to the wiles of the Imperialists. r BY proofs of the most INEXPEESSIBLE positive character it MEANNESS. has been placed beyond all doubt that the Government of Signor Crispi exercises an espionge over the affairs of the Vatican, and that not even the private correspondence of his Holiness escapes the rying eyes of Government detectives. he information thus obtained is placed t the service of the Radical Press. An instance of the kind occurred when a telegraphic message from the Emperor of Germany to the Holy Father appeared the same evening in a journal most inimical to the Holy See. On this subject the Weekly Register says :— Some time ago we published the faot that the telegram from the German Emperor to the Pope, announcing his vieit to the VatioaD, was violated by the officials of the Italian Government and given to a Liberal paper, whioh printed it the same night. The head of the department deolared solemnly that the telegram had not been revealed by himself ; but he now confeesesthat all telegrams addressed to the Pope are in faot detained, read and copied in bis office before they reaoh the Vatican! In this confession there is meanness unfathomable and unparalleled. The English Government resorts to the same practice, and has done so at all periods of political disquietude; but from a sense of shame to which in some cases the worst criminals are not altogether ost, it has not acknowledged its offence. rom such a confession as this one can ell understand why the Holy Father as stated that if the iron ring which the talian Government has forged round im should still further restrict bis iberty in any degree, his departure from ome will become unavoidable. BEBTHA BBOWN, O YPBNJF ' woman, was obarged at the Mansion House, London, on the 17th Ootober.with stealing £100; belonging to Mr. Daniel Drisooli,: tu Australian farmer, recently arrived in England. The proseoutor, an aged man, stated that he made the acquaintance of the prisoner on the voyage from Melbourne, and offered to marry her. On the 16th October he drew a large sum of money from the bank, and .gave the acoased £100 to take to an hotel and make: certain payments. She, however, decamped with the money, and the polioe nfact day traoed her to a house in Stamford-street. The £100 she handed over to the police, and ehe consented to its being restored to the farmer. The Lord Mayor, believing she had no inten- ' tion to steal, discharged her. | AI/THOUOH the North German Lloyd line of paobets enjoys a subsidy from the German Government of about £110,000 per aonum, lis operations in the direotion of Asia and Australia for the past year—its first complete year of existenoe—appear (aays the Daily News) to have resulted only in. a very latfte deficit. ', . 