TRANSFORMED. El' ELIA CUEEVrn GOODWIN. " Then you are not acquainted with Calia?" said lliiter, disappointed, A sbndo passed over Mb face. " No, I am not acquainted with Celia Al dington. I have not Been her Bince ehe was a o'jild." replied ho,in a low tope. ' Bat you saw her then I" cried Dexter, with joy bt this new bond between tliera. " You will be interested to know bow lovely she is now, and will let me talk to you about her, I will you not! B'le will seem nearer to me, and I not to utterly lost, il 1 may." I " Yep, yd!" eaid Mr. Ellison, eBgerty. ! "Tell mo nil you know oilier!" Then ho | looked searcbingly at him, and suddenly held j out his hind, and Baid earnestly, ''You love, her. I will do nil in my power to btlp you unravel ike mystify that separates you. D.xtcr pressed bis hand warmly, and found, some way, a little comfort in the worde. As Ur. Ellison did not explain further in regard to his acquaintance with Jerome Addington, Dexter forebore to question him. But alter this the talk between them was always of Oclia. The elder man seemed never weary of listening, any more than the younger was of talking. But neither could find tk clue to the enigma ol her strange de The later was written at once and Dexter I I had jus) dropped it intoa poflt-i>Jli<:o bus. and J i was ulj ijL tu rru.:.i Um fLiecl when Iiib heart ; suddenly stood tiill, then beat again in heavy I thump?. For, walking Blowly along on the i opposite Hide of the etreeff he saw Mr. Ad I diu^ton nml Celia I Neither observed him, and Drxtcr guzsd again on that dear fnoe from which the former warm color had gone, and could see how mclaooboly had changed places with the old misohievoUBness in her dark eyes. A horre's head in oIobg proximity to hia own roused him to a senee o( his environ ments, and, etopping not to bear the ourses of the driver, Djxter rushed across the street, and followed on after Celia and Mr. Adding ton, keeping, however, at a safe and oautious distance. Hie heart bled at the ravages the past few monthB had made upon her he loved so well, and notwithstanding the air of devotion which was apparent in Mr. Ad dington, Dexter frit hatred toward bim as the cause. But he waB surprised at oatohiag a look o( questioning tear upon Celia's faoe once wheD she turned it toward Mr. Addington. He had never before seen anything but confi dence and affection in her regard. What could it mean I Was it a sequenoe of the mystery ? He followed them until they tamed into a side street, then stood at tbe corner long enough to mark the house at which they entered; after which he hurried baok to Mr. Ellison's place of business, and hurriedly and somewhat inaohereutly informed him of what bad happened. Mr. Ellison's excitement was as great as bis own, but he oalmed himself with an effort. " Fortune has favored you, my boy," he said, with a tender lingering upon the last two words. "Now will you trust me and take my advice?" " Yes," was Dei tor's eager reply. - " Then go-the sooner the better-and de mand of Mr. Addington, ss your right, a reason lor Celia'e abrupt dismissal ol the man whom she promised to marry. " I will," said Dexter, firmly, " Oood. I will go with yon," " You ?" surprised. " Yes. I think I mBy have tome inflaenee with Jerome Addington." Dexter felt a strength at this aisuranoe whioh he had not before, although he under stood so little what he meant. That afternoon they both stood together at the door of the present home ol Celia. An elderly woman answered tbelr ring, whose faoe indioated suspioion and ill temper. She had been seleoted to take old Margaret's plaoe for these very characteristics, probably, thought Dexter. She eyed them sullenly aB she informed them that Mr. Addington was out. " We will go in and wait until be returns," eaid Dexter, quietly, and poehed his way by her through the half open door. Mr. Ellison followed, and they both stepped into the parlor. '. Well," snarled the woman, entering after them, " perhaps I'd better send for a police man. You came into the house more like thieves than honest men. I tell you my master is out, and I don't know when he will be in." " You can watch os, if JOB are afraid of our stealing anything," eaij Dexter. " But we intend to wait here until Mr. Addington return;." " What's your business 1" she demanded. "Our business is with Mr. Addington," said Ur. Ellison, calmly. The woman glared at them, muttering something, then llounced out and left tbem. The two men exchanged a look, but neither spoke. Djiter leaned against the pisno, and Mr. Ellison, alter walking about nervously, seated himself in a low chair in a corner where he happened to atop. He had hardly done BO when Mr. Aldington stepped in at the door and etopji'J on the threrbold, bis face paling as hie eyes fell on Deiter. The back of a large arm-ohair screened Mr. Elli son from bis view. "It ia you, then, is itaiid Mr. Alding ton, as soon as lie could rcoorcr iiimrelf enough to speak. Then he carefully closed the door, and, standing before it with folded arms, fixed upon Dexter a look of undisguised bate, as be went on: ' Von have oorne to ptrsooute my niree, I suppose. It is manly to follow and annoy a helpless girl I Hut you will find it is I with whom yoo will have to deal, not her." " I hav6 not oome with the purpose of per secuting any one," returned Pester, steadily, and not shrinking under the gaze of the other. " It was accidsnt alone whiob brought to my knowledge the faot of your presence in this city. But I am not salifltd to be dis missed as I bare beet without the leaet ex planation. I know Celia loved me even when 'he sent me away. For her sake-to spare Lent. But at you I demand the " \er to do as she did. 1 £jtbout knowing "* jr life is in chief. A stillness followed (ho words. " Why have you told her this story, Jorome Addington;'' It was a strange voice to two there that broke the silence, and Gelia looked up st artled to nee a gray head rising behind the large arm-ohair. She gave a cry of surprise and fright, but surely she had no reason to lear the look she met, whioh was kind almost to tenderness, and protecting. Dexter, recalled to a knowledge of Mr, Ellison's presenoe, looked at him wistfully, wondering what his words meant, but not daring to hope. Upon Mr. Addington the cJXjct of tbie sudden ap parition of an unsuspected fourth in the in terview was strangely marked. He started back, and then, as his eyes searched the faoe, recognition came into his own, and be stated at him appalled, aB it he had seen a ghost. " 1 see you remember tne, although it ie many years since we have met, and I have changed much sinoe then," said Mr. Silicon, quietly. " I had not intended to play the listener here, but, as it so happened 1 took advantage of the rircumetano9S. Had you faithfully discharged your trust, you would have had no reason to fear me as you do now." Mr. Addington had lost every partiole of self-possession, He east a fearful glance around, and his eyes were full of anguish as they rested on the wondering Celia. " I thought you were dead long ago, Amos Ellison," he stammered. "Why have yon come to interfere now? Remember your promise." ( " When her happiness is at stake, that pro mise is nothing," was the decided reply ; and Mr, ElliBon came and stood in the centre of the room! " Was not the saorifioe all lor her welfare 1" he continued. " You have made it neoeasary that she should know the truth now. Why you have done as you have, I do not know, unless it is for eome reason so monstrous that I shrink (rom believing it." I Mr. Addington's head dropped, and (he per spiration started out of his templee. Mr. Ellison turned from him to Oelia, and con tinued in * different tone,- . " My child, will you try and think as kindly as possible ot the revelations I have to make to yon J Be prepared for a great surprise. I must first say a few words about myself. I have all my life been an unfortunate man. I grew disoonraged finally, and after my dear wite died, rather than allow my child to be involved in the fate whioh seemed mine, 1 gave her to another-a rioh man who could resoue her from the life of toilehe would have had with me, and give her the advantages I knew well 1 myself never oould obtain for her. My own feelings I put aside for her sake, and bore patiently the sorrow of her loss. Celia, you are that child, and I am your father." Celia east a bewildered glanoe around, acd then something in her heart responded to the appeal in Mr. Ellison's eyes, ana she vent to him. "I am glad you have come to me, my father," she (aid gently. Mr. Edison's face was tr&mfigured; as be put his arms round her. Something of the look Was reflected in Dexter's, who now eeemed to see a glorious gleam of light breaking through j the clouds. All the truth dawned upon him, as it had not yet upou Oelia. " I do not quite eee how it all In," ewe said, after a moment ot silenoe, "Yuu c.re my father-then you must be my uncle's bro ther 1 She looked'inquiringly at Mr. Aldington, but be did not apeak or glance up. " Do you understand, dear I" said Mr. Ellinon. " Mr. Addington la " " Stop I" commanded Mr. Addington. The pupils of bis eyes dilated so (bat the whole eye eecmed black. " Let me be the one to tell her. That right I will have. Oelia have I ever been anything but kind to you?" " Never-never, dear unole," replied the astonished girl. " I'tien tor the sake ot the aOeotion which has ever dialed between us, you can perhaps try and forgive the wrong 1 have done you yes, for 1 have done you wrong. Listen, Celis. Many years ago, when I was oom paritively u your>g man, I was dcoeivtd and betrayed by the woman I loved. This oaused ine to hate and despise the whole sex. Yet I needed affection, and I took a fancy to take some obitd and briog her up to be true and sincere, aa I believed other women were not. Cbanoe threw me in the way of your father, Oelia, a struggling, halt frantio man, and yon became mine. '. As years went on, you grew dearer and dear, r to me, as n child oimy own might have been. My love waa pure and honert then. But when you came baok from lobool, and 1 eaw you in the beauty of your woman hood, and knew you to be all 1 had hoped, my ideal wom&D;, then, uelia, 1 remembered I was not your uoole, and loved you with a difiac nt love." At these words Cdlia shrank baok oloso to her father, tn.i covered her fftoc with her hand?. Bfce comprehended now tho looks of hi* which of late had nurprised and frightened her, and in Iter outraged feelings forgot for the moment the shadow which his revelation «d romoved. pmioM jn who might have had tly^igbt | be youi ?hile all 