A STOR' OF A NIEW YEAR'S EVE. \- :[By C·IOnL ES Lvc.] IT"-was a very pretty honie pliture; a ,pleasant,-bright, cheery picture:; one that warms the heart, and makes the oyes sparkle, andthelips smile. Why, .the room itself was like a dimple on a blooming cheek; the light of the fire played about it so bewitchingly, giving momentary glimpses of its beauties. An old fellow whd looked down from a picture frame above the mantelpiece knew it, aud he was cracking his sides with mirth at the happiness of every. thipg below him; but he was a sly old: fellow, and had an inscription uhdei his collar and necktie to delude people into the belief that he was laughing because he was going to get :married. Nobody believed him, of course, and he was aware of it, for as t·he firelight flickered he seemed to be indulging in a countless number of winks: Thle lettle had bubbled about its:lid, and was now standing on the hob singing away at its evening song -quito comfortably, while the clock ticked loudly, and puss, who bore the Scharacter of a good old cat, was tucked \- up cosily ini an armchair. The people inf the pictures round the room were ri?dinrig to rest, as people in pictures alwaIs do as night comes on; but they could not resist the inclination every: now and then to come into view and nave another peep. One good humioured pair were poking each other :in the side about it, and enjoybd it :amaz:zily-and no wonder. The very '::tes things on the table clinked-not :loudly~-and talked of it. There was a p'ouliarity about the.table. There was iothilg extrfordinary in its being arouniid one, or of a size to accommo datefivo, but ithad such a clean white cloth, such shining cups and saucers, such' musical spoons, such bright kliives ind forks, and such a tasty look'about it, that a hungry person might have eaten it, and relished it, too. And thouen on oach side .of the mantelpiece there was a sideboard with little nick-nacks tastefully arranged, and overlooked by two of the pictures. It was remarkable that the people in these two pictures invariably went to sleep first, overcome by the warmth and the shadows. The firelight danced across the well-aa6tted floor, clean as a new pin, and played on the window sill for awhile before it disappeared in the, shade of'the leaves of some honey suckle which twined about the window. Tvilight was fading- very fast, and wbuld :soon be gone; and this made th~ pretty room look all the cosier. (The' cloik had just struck six, ?and added the usual warning scrape of its wheels, When a young girl came into the room. tA pretty little damsel she was, with a biight merry face, happy blue eyes, a mouth ripe as a chorry, and a bunch of curls that hung from her head in a riq'h cidister. SAh puis i' she said; ' going to sleep soearly; you ought to give me a pair of gloves.' And then looking at the :.clock she exclaimed-' Six o'cloik, I -declare:!! and immediately began to busy herself in lighting the lamp, set tinig it on the table, and ii making eoai asinging the 'hile the words of a song that tinlded very prettily. She had a child in her arms, a little dot as pretty as herself, and known by the pet name of Podgy. Podgy was the admiration of everyone, and the pot of ~hho household. She was only two ye irs old, but the races she used to run, the hiding places she used to find, the droll mistakes she used to make in her articulation, and the lavish manner in which she dispensed her kisses, made her the intense delight of all. There never was such a baby, and perhaps never will be. Everybody said so. Everybody knew her, and loved her, and lissed her. Her usual number of kisses wae twenty-four, and these she was in the habit of giving whenever she was asked by her favourites. All you had to do was to say ' kiss me Podgy,' and ask her how many, and? she would immediately purse up her lips, and say 'twenty-poar. There was a story attached to this child-a wild mournful story; and it was told on a New Year's Eve. Some years ago there was to be seen in astreet in Sydney an old ricketty shop w here second-hand artil?es of all descriptions were to be bought. The place was almost tumbling down, it was so old and rotten, and it was filled almost to choking with a heterogenous :'.:;colletion of clothing, ;furniture, tools, hbobks, and the innumerable things to be found in such establishments. Afuch 'of the stock had never been moved since it was first placed thore, and dcist and damp and decay had accumulated to such an extent that t~he shpo had a deathly smell and sen sation about it, and looked as though theo?proprietor lived like the worms upon the mouldering and festering re mains of humanity. He looked more Slike it whnu he was moving about, haitdling the various things hung against the walls or from the rafters, for he was a long crooked man, yellow and thin, and he wriggled rather than *walked. His neighbours wonderod how ho'lived, not only as to the manner in which he procured food, but how euch amiserable wreck of a man could exist in spite of a racking cough, the painful dry sound of which could be heard constantly.. Some called his shop-a grave, and him the body, and regarded themassuch. Fewhadseen the spirit of the placo-a goentle beau tiul spirit, in the shape of a fair young girl of sixtceen; but she was there, and she.glided in and dut, and throigh Sthe old building at the back of heo :ishop wit~h a :touch of light'abolt her t-ranquil and boautiftll as th'i light 6f :: staxr. She s;ldom or i?nevor :entered he shop, for the old mn'us:angeor was . itt" or, and he gaudgiagly kept the s hopi to :him?ol?f and ithe foe~>ersois ::wfho :dropped ial occa?ioiall.?from :uriosity or a desirui bto' iirchase. :p Thise wvho had seen the ~giil audk iniew she lived there, Qondered who she was, anid why sho stayed in such a place, and would not believe that she was the old mac's daughter. Repul sive ashe Was, however, she hadlearned to look upon him as her father, if he was not, and she loved him in her way. The rooms behi'nd the shop were not dismal, though tholocality of them was, and few places would look so neat or so comfortable as one little room which she called her own. To that she would retire when the daily household duties were over, and engage in work which entertained her and made the hours pass plasantly away. She had a few companions, but very few, and they seldom came to visit her. But she was in the habit of sometimes putting on her bonnet and shawl and leaving the house after nightfall to stroll across .some fields which at that time were not far from her home, and to enjoy jthe coolness of the evening. Her nature was so artless that she felt no fear, and she loved the solitude. It was not long afterwards that those w-ho saw her in her walks noticed that she had a companion, and that the two looked like lovers. The simple trusting nature of the young girl clung to the handsome manly youth whom fate had caused to meet lher, and the feeling ripening from friendship into love, they plighted their troth during one of those beau tiful evenings when the sinking sun paints the western clouds in glorious colours, when the sky is blue, and the breeze deliciously cool-the evenings made for those who love. But it did not meet with the approval of the old man, and when he heard of the en gagement he cursed the girl, and she fled. The too common sequel did not follow. She was married in a little church or meeting-house, not far from Sydney-it has been pulled down since-and for a time, things went on well, and life was very pleasant. Her husband was a clerk. He had no relatives here, and few acqluaintances, but he was trusted by his employers, and he bore a good name. He loved his wife; and, spending all his leisure hour with her, he brightened their pretty home, and made her very happy. By-and-bye, the house echoed to the patter of little feet, and the prattle of a child; and life was doubly dear to her. .~ut sickness came, and her husband was laid low. Only those who had suffered can know the agony of the young wife and mother while she tended the sick bed, and watched the struggle between life and death, as they wrestled for the spirit of her husband. The end was the end of thousands of such cases. Weeks of weary and yet untiring watchfulness and care-loving, cheering words anxiety-fear- piteous appeals to heaven, for mercy--death. Death, and its ghastly exchange for the healthy hue of life; death, and its aching loneliness; death, and its fast approaching, biting poverty; death, without the Blessed Presence that made the sorrowing house in the Iudean village a house of joy ;-death and the grave. The poor young mother, widowedso ehrly, struggled hard to obtain a live lihood for herself and her child, but the world was then no more charitable than it is now; and there is nothing. sirprising in the fact that, at the end of a few months following the death of her husband, she found herself in an almost empty house, with absolutely no food, and nothing by which to get any. The hopeless nature of her situa tion crushed her; but summoning her courage, she resolved to go to the old man, and ask him for food and shelter. She could beg from no other. She had not seen him since she ran away, nearly two years before; but hope was stronger than fear. She found him .in his shop, as he Uised to be, wriggling about amongst the decay ing stock he had accumulated; but he was older and moro repulsive than he was before. She approached him tremblingly; but when he saw .her, and recognised lier, he scorned her. She told'her piteous tale of suffering and want, and showed the truth upon her pale and sunken cheeks, and on her ragged clothes; but he ordered her to begone. She held up. her child to him, pointed to the baby's sickly look, caused by the want of that sustenance it was not in the power of the mother to give, and beseeched him not to drive them away; but, seizing her in an outburst of rage, he put her and her child out side the shop violently, and shut and locked the door in her face. Sho did not look as she used to look when she issued from that house. Her girlish beauty had all departed, and now she was a ragged, prema turely-aged woman. Where was she to go? She had no home, no shelter of any kind, no food. Despair e?itered her heart, and she wandered she knew not where, with her child clutched to her breast tightly. Hour after hour she wandered, restlessly moving from place to place, seeing nothing and knowing nothing but her own hopeless misery. Darkness had set in some time, and still she wandered; but suddenly she found herself stopped, stopped by the waters of the haibour. She had been walking for many hours in all diree tions, and now she was standing on a lonely part of the Circular Quay. The night was a cloudy one, and the water looked dark. and cold, causing her to shiver involuntarily, and a strange sensation to creep over her. She raised her eyes, and saw long sniaky columns of light, from the lamles on shore, moving on the water. She saw the dark hulls of ships; she sa' the black water, and heard its coid ind ceaseless wash; she saw tlhe healitless City behind her; she felt the awfulloneliness of'the place. Then theire shot through her mind a thought which' hiorrified her so much, andl- so sudilenly, that she started back :in affright, and could scarcely suppress a shriek. The next moment it did not seem so hard to die. The water was cold, but she and her babe were cold, and the world was colder. She shivered again, and the same strange sensation as before crept over her. She was mad the next. minute, and laughed insanely, and would have leaped into the water had the paroxysm not passed off as quickly as it came. Then tears filled her eyes, and she was choking; and, sitting down upon a stone, she kissed her child and wept bitterly. Suddenly again a thought entered her mind that it as better to die, though it seemed so hard. The mad fit was re turning. The water did not seem so cold, its wash was a pleasant ripple. The columns of light were dancing with glee and beckoning to her. There were whispers everywhere on the water for her to come. She rose slowly, with her lips parted in a peculiar smile, and her eyes fixed on the water. The next instant she jumped in. 'What was that ?' some one higher up the Quay asked. 'Somebody overboard,' was the answer; and there was an immediate rush towards the place whence the sound came. They were two boatmen, or rather a boatman and his son, who had heard the splash, and running to the spot they saw something in the water. Leaping into a boat they shoved off towards the object, and one of them seized it just as it was disappearing. It was a baby. There was nothing else to be seen. The child was not dead, and the boatman hastened with it to his home, which was not far off, and with the assistance of his wife the child was soon placed out of danger. SThen there was the sound of bells through the city. Music, too, could be heard. Fireworks were burnt and rockets shot into tbe air. The old year was dying, and the new one c'oming into life, as, if in mockery of the tragic. incident that had just occurred. The body of the poor suicide was found some days afterwards washing near the bow of a vessel. - It was not the body of the fair young girl, nor of the suffering mother-but it was a shapeless remnant of humanity. An inquest was held in the usual manner. Inquests are not celebrated for being pleasant spectacles. There is not too much feeling shown at them. The officers are callous. There are too many bodies found, and conse quently too much to do. People are too ready by half to die. They are not all found in the water though. Many are picked up in the street; people that are shunned by everyone as objects too disgusting to touch, who live nobody knows how, and who die in a gutter-bed, with'a korbstone pillow, or slink from the world in the darkness and abominations of some foul alley; people who make corpses, not with God's image upon them, but shrivelled, yellow, and loathsome, having no mourners but the viadictive ghosts that. surround and dance upon the smeary deadhouse table, anl grin with a horrid fellow-feeling as the coroner's stick pokes into the carcases for the edification of twelve reluctant jurymen, who stand by hblding their noses. A. vordict of ' Fvund drowned' was returned, and the body.havin been buried the matter was soon 'for gotten. The child lived and thrived, however, in the family of the boat man, became the pridd of the house hold, and was mknown .by the pot name of ' Podgy.' 'Kiss me, Podgy,' the boys used to say. The child would raise her head,, and put her lips forward to be kissed. i How many ?' 'Twenty-poar' she would answer. And when they had kissed her several times, she would put her lips out again, and say Mo-n.ar! MIo--ar!' 