A Russian Ghost Story. When tho Winter talaee wns linis'ic.d iho empress appointed a da; for taking posses sion at it ; and tho elito of tho gunrds, nnd a corps which was composed entirely of noble- mon, mounted guard in tbo now enstio. A long; dark corridor lead to tho middledoorof tho whito or throne-room. In the corridor two yonng noblemen wero posted- It was approaching ton o'clock and tho arrival of tlio empress was momentarily expected. Sud denly tho nttcntion of tho young men were attracted by a bright streak of ' light which seemed to glide between them in tlio dark passage. Their eyes followed the light, and they saw that it Btroamod through tho key hole of tho throne-room. Who could have . nny business nt Each an unusual hour in a room wl-ich was designated only fur tho re ception of foreign ambassadors? One of the young men considered it Ids duty to Investi gate tho matter, and approached tho dour for that purpose, but ns Boon as ho had glanced through tho keyhole bo called to his companion in a whisper to come nearer. " The empress has nircady arrived," whisp ered ho ; she is seated on tbo throno,dircctly opposito to tho door." Tho other also looked through tho aperture and soon verified this to bo a fact. Tlio em press was seated in a tranquil dignity on nn elevated golden stool under tho red velvet canopy, richly adorned with tho imperial arniB of Russia, a doubio eagle. The room was brilliantly lighted ; bnt it was impos sible to ascertaiu if any other persons wero prtBent, os tbo thickness of tho door-lock allowed no sldo vlctv ofllio apartment. Tho young men returned to their pnsln and waited. Not long aftor ono of the higher oillccra nppenrcd nnd snid,— " You can all now rctiro i tho empress will not eomo to-night." " llut her majesty is already liore," "What? Who?" " Ilor majesty is in tlio throne-room." "Impos3ihlol" " You can see for yourself." Tlio ciliccr looked. Immediately recog nised tho empress, nnil said wondcringly.— "I cannot understand what tho iiisrslia means, llo has just arrived, and onlored thnt nil tlio gunrds bo withdrawn ; the empress has changed her mind, and will not arrlvo to-night. Neverthe less, I see thnt sbo Is hero, Could sho linvo come secretly? At nil events I will ascer tain what new order tho marshal has Issued. Mennwhile do you remain bore as tho em press may pass tills way," Tlio marshal, I'rlnco Kurntin, was fortu nately in tho pnlncc, and ns Boon ns lie heard of the mysterious report hastened to tlio cor ridor, nnd peeped in bis turn through tlio keyhole- " lily Cod, it Is tlio empress ! Her majesty herself I What can it moan 7" exclaimed ho. " llow can tliis ho posslblo, when I have just left her presence ? Sho was dressed in her usual cvery-day attire, nnd I sco bur In iter own royal robes nnd jewels. There must he soniu mystery behind this. Let all entrances to tho throne-room ha guarded ! Let no ono go in or out I I. will bnstcn to report nt once." . Tbo distnnco betweon tho two houses baing quito sbort, tbo mnrsbal soon- reached tho small palneo, temporarily occupied by tho empress, , " Where is tho empress ?" _ " In her sleeping apartment." . " Tbo princo looked nt- tbo : lady of honor with suspicion, and said sharply.— " Arc yon suro that tho empress Is horo ?" " Of courso ; sbo is prcpfflRbg te retiro." "Inform hor. Instantly hero." . In a feir? minutes PrimOTsfittin, muoh excited, was conducted mtifitho empress' chamber. Tho empress stood before him in in-night negligee,' . Kurntin turned pnlo. " Weil," said the empress, " yon look as if you had scon a ghost. What in Heaven's nnmo is tho mnttor with yon ? Is thero nny noivs from tho army ?" : Kurntin hurriedly minted what ha bnd seen, 'Is " It is n knnviBh triok," cried EliznupUij " Wo will take a nearer look nt theso : conic- dinns. I will go in your slulgh, KUratln j ' you can mount behind; Hurry." . Arrived, at tlio Winter Palaeo, tlio eas- tcllnn was ordered to bring tho key of the throne , room ; six gronndlors 'wore com- manded to load their guns, nnd led by tlio empress tlio little troop betook thomscivcs to tho corridor. : Tho light shono ns hoforo through thekoy. bole. Tho door was cautiously opened and a flood of light filled tho corridor. The viui/ib,, otb|;puu.«?HUlu bUU IUUII1, JUilUWeU by her guard; who placed thcnjBelvCB around her. Tho room was brilliantly illuminated, but empty. On the., tfoonjr; was seated n shape, tlio counterpart of : Elizabeth arrayed In pnrpio . nnd: errajnoiuugovofed with diamonds, and crowned with tlio royal din- dcm. ,Ono instant , Elizabeth gazed steadfastly at. her doable, then moved for ward a foiv steps. . Simultaneously tho ap parition; stood up, etepped down from the throne, and thon remained standing as Im movably still ns the ompress. It was n thrilling momont I " Firo 1" cried tho ompress. - Tho guards raised their guns anil all six aimed directly nt tho gboBtly visitant, ' Tha triggers snapped. At tbo same instant tha figure, clapped its hands together, and the room was suddenly plunged into Intenso darkness. Thon followed a groat commo tion nml contusion, whito tho empress called,— "firing lights I" Lights woro speedily produced, and each corner was thoroughly searched, but abso lutely nothing eonhl bo found to elucidate tliomystory. Every door was looked anil guarded. Tlio gunrds bnd soon no one leave tha palaeo, Tho empress ordered 'a more thorough search to bo mado, hut in vain wero ail efforts made to discover the per petrator of tho trick, it trick it woro. The occurrence mado a deeper impression upon Elizabeth than sho wopld admit. Eight weeks afterwards oho .died, - ' Not Good Grammar.— A young lady was sitting with hor lover in a charmingly deco rated recess. On her Unoo was h diminutive niece. In an adjoining room, with door open, wero tho rest of tho compnny. Says tlio littlo nieco, in a jealous and very audible voice. " Auntie, kiss mo, tbo." We leave yon to imagina what had hap.' pencil,. , ' , " Yon should any twice,' Ethel, dear j two Is not grammar," wiS. tho immediate re joinder. Clever girl. A Professional- — " Beautiful sport- beautiful," said tlio hngmnn. " Sixty birds in two hours and only missed two shots" . A quiet gentleman sitting In a corner, of the hotel ofllco, put down his paper, rushed across tho room ond grasped him warmly by tholinnd. " Allow mo to cbngratulato you, 'sir," lit said," I am n professional myself." " Professional sportsman 7 " "No; n professional liar." Father (haughtily)— " Well, sir. 1—" Sox (imploringly)—1 " Forglvo me. I know hov? deeply I havo wronged yon; but I nm young, and 1 have yot.timo to mnkc reparation. If a futuro lifo of honesty—" Fatii nit (angrily)—' » Honesty I ha, bal Who prates of honesty to a retired ico- dcalor ?" 68? 