flllliml SÄTfKDAY, APRIL 7, 1888. LOCAL NEWS. 5B B»aA SHEETS OV THE "MFUCURT"-Tue thi. sic t <>f this day's paper contains- Adv<r tisoeáá ¡ Poetiy, " Rhyming Run Mad ," con tinitifo 0' tale, " Doris Brandon," Nervous jjf/lai»' ! Ea^t Maitland Borough Councd ¡ (jrlcet,/lIoine Colonisation, Peru as a field for Iniugfats; Getting Kid of a Ghost, Realism on th &#6e . ^er Christmas List, The Copper S'Ddifte I Tho Beautiful Miss Gunnings A <Viblpas Story Boiled Down The second Eheet ont »ís-Advertisements, Sporting Gossip by The Vacant ; A Sneezing Club, Victoria Fat mers Pro- tection Association ; Late Cablegram?, The Orijinal of Colonel Newcombe ¡ West Maitland Pence Court, Editorial Article ; District NL \VS JlJ=<wellbr«ok, New England , Hobson's Choice ; Onzinal Correspondence, Russia on the Bulgarian Qiestion, The Farm, Mercury Junior, Dungog Show, The Popularity of Youag Married Women, Tho Blizzard ni Amcuca, The Austialian Centenary at Sea; All Sam*" Church, Singleton, Austialian Defence For^s , London Wool Sales , Parh itnen pARLijMENTAUY PROCEEDINGS.-No business of import-*nce was transacted in the Legislative ¿guiltily on Thursday. The Minister of Public jp.cruction said the Government had no intention co discontinue the subsidies to Schools of Arts, and tho Minister of Lands said improvements on lease- hold lands were estimated to be of the value of JB4,090,751. Sir Henry Parkes, according to promise, stated what the Government had done in con- nection with Chinese immigration. They had sent ' a dispatch to the Imperial Government, asking that Government to make such arrangements with the Government of China as would permanently put a stop to Chinese emigration to Australia, and stating that if the protection sought could not be so afforded, the Australian Parliaments muat act from the force of public opinion in devising measures to defend the colonies from the consequences which they cannot relax in their efforts to avert. A con- siderable portion of the sitting was occupied with discussion, as a question of privilege, of a motion by Mr. Melville, censuring Mr. Haynes for a libel I on members. The motion was lost by 24 to 13. The third reading of the Public Works Bill was postponed till Wednesday j resolutions approving of the new ocean mail contracts were adopted and after a discussion on railway management, the TTmiHP adiourned at twenty minutes past ten o'clock.-In the Legislative Council, the Factories and Workshops Regulation bill was read a second time, and committed pro forma. The Bulli Colliery Disaster Fund bill was read a second time after some debate, and considered in committee to some extent. Progress was reported when nine sections were dealt with. In consequence of the absence of a quorum, the Government Railways bill was not proceeded with, and the House adjourned at half past four o'clock to Wednesday next. , FUNERAL OP MR. RAR.-On Sunday last the mortal remains of Mr. Robert Rae, the senior Warden of the Maitland Goal, wore committed to their last resting place. The deceased, it will be remembered, died in a small steamer, while fishing at Newcastle on Good Friday. He had been em- ployed in the gaol at Maitland for over a quarter of a century, and was "highly esteemed by his fel Jow-workers. To mark their respect for him the officers of the gaol followed the remains to their last resting place in the Church of England Cemetery. As they were diessed in uniform, the funeral had quite a military appearance, the men having the deportment of those who have been well drilled, and being quite a credit to the establishment. NEW HOTELKEEPER.-Few men in the colony are better known and more respected than Mr. R. F. Watson, the ex-champion pedestrian of Aus- tralia. He has during the week gone into a line of business for which his long connection with the public should fit him, viz., that ot hotel keeping. The genial Robert has become " mine host" of the snug little Governor Gipps Hotel, Abbott- street, which ho intends, we aro informed, conducting j on principles which should make it attract patron- j age from the proprietor's sporting acquaintances and the general public. As the Governor Gipps Hotel is within easy distance ot tho show ground visitors to the approaching Exhibition will find n.mnn o/-pommodation at it. HEXHAM PROGRESS COMMITTEE.-A public meet ins was held in the Salvation Hall at Hexham on Thursday evening, the 5th inst., to discuss the water supply. It seems that during wet seasons there is a total absence of fresh water for at least G months in each year, but duringa dry season there is ho water for 8 or 9 months in the year. Cattle have then to be driven 3 or 4 miles each day to drink, and any cattle passing from Maitland to Newcastle cannot .get a drink between Tarro and Sandgate,^ distance of five »»!<*. Considering the Urge quantity of cattle on the land at Hexham, the lumber of inhabitants, and the loss occasioned throigh having no water supply, it was resolved «Th* the Minister for Works be asked to lay down a branch pipe ^om the main supplying Newcastle, commencing at Tarro, along railway line to Iroibark'Creek." Two delegates, Messrs. II. Writíhtíind F. Harvey were selected to accompany MM-« Soaker and another M.P., to lay before thn Mininer for Works the resolution of the meet ins anY the necessity for the construction of pro'tosed branch pipe. Anyone who has travelled the road, onl a hot day, ?srill readily endorse, and know tfte necessity there exists, for water through- out the'*ho\e district/referred to. A further meeting of tho>bove committee will bo held at the same place on "Tuesday next, at 1 p.m.-(7or. SHOCKING DEATH OF A QUEENSLAND PUULIC MAN. Th« Hon. Wittiam Henry Walsh, member of the wfalativo Council, formerly Speaker of the Legis l»tfT Assembly and a prominent politician of the Queensland Legislature for the past 23 years, was Wiled by a van running over him on Wednesday niffhfc The deceased gentloman was walking along the road from his residenoe on the south side of the river about 9 o'clock, when he was run against by a vehicle which knocked him down. The wheel .passed over his head and caused compression of the . brain, from which injury Ive died Thursday morning. Mr. Walsh was formerly in the New South Wales pJiiomanf' H> married a Miss Brown, of the Paterson district, and has three.daughtcrsand four sons. Deceased's sudden death hos caused quite a 'doom over the city. The funeral took place in the afternoon at South Brisbane. Mr. Walsh was the brother of the Rev. C. Walsh, of Trinity Parsonage, Lochinvar. 1IT ,. . CLUARING-OUT SALE AT HINTON.-We direct attention to the sale, by Mr. O. K. Young at the residence of Mr. T. Harden, Hinton, this (Satur- day) afternoon, at two o'clock, of horses, cows, farming implements, &c.; Seo advertisement. Communicated. SALE OF FREEHOLD PROPERTY, SINGLETON.-We direct attention te the sale, by Mr. H. lore, at his sale rooms, George-street, Singleton, on Thursday next, at two o'clock, of 1011 acres, 2 roods, 21 perches, e2 magnificent farming and grazing land, ?portion of.the well-known Bridgman Estate, near «ingleton, ffhis property has beensub-divided into / .convenient-eized blocks, ranging in extent from 108 acres to 103 acres ; it is distant about three miles .from Glennsc's Creek railway staten, and about . eiorht miles from Singleton. Some of the lots have " ni"^+"o.» fn TMbrook or Glennie s Creek, and others front the road leading from Singleton to St. Clair and Goorangoola. For terms and other par- ticulars see advertisement.-CmwwmKated. POULTRY Sri«: RESTORER-In our advertising columns will be found an announcement of interect -to farmers, and all breeders of Paltry. It is a , notification of the sale ia thw district of Ford s ¡Poultry Spice Restorer, Messrs. W.S. Harton and Co., Ironmongers, &e.;, of West Maitland, having ¡been appointed the scâe representative of Mr. i ord -for Maitland and the Northern district«. Mr. H. .Ford, of Parramatta, is 4he proprietor of the pro. yinof^n nni if in rlaimerl for it that it is not oniy an effectual remedy for all .diseases in poultry, but alco that if regularly used iii feeding it is a preven- tive, which is even better th*n a cure. It i« also a good fattening preparation. Poultry breeders are requested to fry it. ?««."",. I SERIOUS CHAROS:.-Yesterday at the West Maitland Police Court before Mr. A. Vindm, J.if., Roland Failford, a lad about 12 years old, was charged with indecent assault upon a little girl named Brackley, residing in the Horseshoe Bend. After hearing the preliminary evidence ths youth- J ful defendant was remanded till Monday. To SQUATTERS m quest of a really serviceable present send for a "Reliance" Kcyhss Lever Watch, price 23=<, post Is extia Wherever ono got» others are sure to follow. They raiely get out of oidor, and repairs seldom eost more than 2s Gd, and never more than 5s Hundreds now in use giving entire satisfaction Numerous reliable tes- timonials received ; see large advt. Warranted 12 months, and last a lifetime J. HART, West Maitland only. 367 THE LAND BILL-After a -wholly unnecessary debate, which consumed many weeks of valuablo time, the Assembly road the Land Bill a second time on Wednesday ni^ht, by a majority of 5G to 22 And now, when it gets into committee wa shall have all the speeches over again. And that is what members of the Assembly call doing the business of the country. A strong chauman of committees is needed, and fiom what we hear, Mr Cameron is scarcely the man for the place. THE TRAFFIC MANAGFR.GKEAT NOBTHEBN RAIL- WAY -On Thursday afternoon, a number of the Newcastle fi lends of Mr John Higgs, Traffic Manager of the Northern iail.\ay system, met at the Gieat Northern Hotel, to drink a parting glass of wine with him, be-foie his departure to Europe on a six months' w cll-earncd leave of absenee Mr Alexander Brown, J P, presided, and, in piopo-iing the health of Mr Higgs, bore strong testimony to his great ability, to his unvarying courtesy, and to the excel- lence of the discipline which he maintained in his department The toast was diunk with cheeis and ] vocal honours, and Mr. Higgs made a feeling response. We are satisfied that all who have had business or other transactions with Mr. Higgs will cordially endorse the sentiments of praiße uttered in Newcastle on Thursday. WELCOME TO TIIE REV. W. SWINDLEHUHBT AT WICKHAM.-On Thursday evening the Rev. W. Swindlehurst, the new incumbent of the parish of Wickham, was welcomed at a tea and public meet- ing in the Wickham School of Arts. Between three and four hundred persons sat down to tea, and at the meeting afterwards Mr. M. L. Saunders presided. There wiro present on the platform the Rev. S. C. J. Grime (representing the Cathedral parish), Revs. A. C. Hirat, W. Tollis, J. P. Ollis, and the new incumbent. An apology was received from the Vicar-General and one from the Rev. F. D. Bode. Hearty speeches were made by various speakers, and the Rev. W. Swindlehurst replied. The choir of the church contributed some very pleasant music, and an enjoyable evening was spent. TnE QUARTER'S REVENUE.-We have not yet received the official return of the quarter's revenue. From statements published, we gather, however, particulars in addition to those alieady published. For the quarter ended March 31, the total revenue was .£1,802,299, a decrease of ¿2*6,713 on the pre- vious year. The several heads of receipt were Customs, £422,493 ; Excise, ¿60,790 ; stamps, £81,442 ; licenses, £19,256 ; land revenue, £360 851 ; services revenue, £785,293 ; miscellaneous, £53,636 For the year ended on the 6ame date, the revenue was £8,512,287, or an increase of £725,225 on the previous year. The total expenditure of the quarter was £2,360,058. The total cash balances wore £i 200.059 CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH S. S. ANNIVERSARY. From an advertiBementelsewhere it will be seen th^ the Rev. Walter Mathison, B.A., is to preach to-/ morrow, both morning and evening, at the Congre-, gational Church. Mr. Mathison is the minister of the church at Croydon, Sydney, and is con- sidered to be, with Dr. Jefferis, one of the ablest and beBt preachers of the denomination. Special attention is drawn to the alteration made in the time of commencing evening service. Instead of 7.30, as hitherto, the service will begin at seven o'clock. PAYING A VISIT TO WIE OLD COUNTRY.-The present is a favourable time for Australians to pay a visit to the old country, as visitors will have the privilege of spending the latter part of tho spring and the summer there. In these days of improved communication the voyage is almost reduced to a pleasure trip. Wo have seen an account of gentle- j mon having left or about leaving the district for > that purpose. Maitland ÍB not behind hand in this} respect, and the many friends of Mr. Henry Stocker will bo pleased to leam that he has iWide up his j mind to take this lengthened excursion. Mr. Stockar I has been some thirty years in this district, and, being in the position to do so has determined to,, gratify his desire to see the old country, and" particularly his native place, once more. He will' leave Maitland next week, and takes his departure I on the lGth of this month. We wish him a pleasant fc voyage, and a safe return to the land of his adop- p tien. % SALE IN ASSIGNED ESTATE.-It will be observed s that the sale of drapery, grocery, ironmongery, ' crockery, boots and shooB, eto., in the assigned estate of John Wade, storekeeper, East Mo£MTnd will bo continued for some days longer at further^ reductions. All goods unsold will be disposed off by auction by Messrs. Brunker and Wolfe on Thursday, the 19th of April. In addition to the ' stock valued at JJ1000, there will be sold, horses and harness, buggy, cart, saddles and bridles, shop fixtures, etc.-Communicated. THE APPROACHING MAITLAND SHOW.-Intend- ing competitors at the exhibition of the Hunter River Agricultural and Horticultural Association, which takes place at Maitland on the 25th, 2Gth and 27th of this month, would do well to observe that all exhibits intended for competition must be entered with the Secretary by six p.m. on Monday, the 9th April. Entries of non-competitive exhibits may be made up to the Monday before the show. Members of cavalry corps will notice that a special prize is offered for the best cavalry charger, to be ridden in uniform. The prize is five guineas, and it is open to members of all cavalry corps in the colony. The Association has been to great expense this year in making improvements upon the ground. A large and commodious grand stand has been erected, giving a view of the whole of the grounds ; an extensive oval has been constructed, in which the various parades of horses and vehicles, the jump- ing, and the judging will take place, and a number of the other buildings have been removed, and new poultry and dog pavilions erected in positions that will set off the ground to the best effect. As this ia the Centennial year, exhibitors are expected to respond to the efforts of the committee by increas- ing their exhibits, and thus make the show second. to none yet held in the district. It will be noticed that the right to hold two publicans' booths and four refreshment stalls on the ground on the occa- sion of the exhibition will be sold by auction by Mr. M. Moore on the ground on Thursday afternoon next at three o'clock. DECENTRALISATION MOVEMENT-PUBLIC MEET- ING AT MORPETH.-A public meeting to consider the advisabloness of forming a local branch of the North and North-western Decentralisation League in the town of Morpeth is to be Iiold next week. The matter has been taken up aoat heartily : a requisition has been forwarded tofhe Mayor asking for the meeting to be called, and Mr, Haydon has responded by fixing it for Thursday evening next in the School of Arts. The requisition was signed by nearly all the aldermen, andaltogfther by some 51 residents, so that it should le largely attended. " THE PICTURESQUE ATLASOF AUSTRALASIA."-r Part 21 which is just to hfnd, still deals with South Australia. The historaal sketch closes with the Jubileo exhibition, anda chapter is _begun, traeinc with lovintr and piAuresque detail, the topography of the colony. The part is rich in illustration. Among the potable pictures - and mention of these does no1 exhaust the list,-are " The Mail Steamer off Glnolg," a very effective view 4 " Government Houe, Adelaide ; King Wil- liam Street, Adelaide ; Aullana Vineyard ; " Among the Hills" ; Mount Garaber ; Blue Lake on Mount Gambier; Port Lincoln, and "Haystacks near Gawler." But the gem of the whole is a view in the Adelaide Botanic Girden-a pond, on which water lilies float, reflectñg willows and other trees which bend over its gla/sy surface, and brightened by a white marble gioup erected on a mound islrmded au a pedestal The frontispiece is a fine picture of Perth, Westra Australia, an admirable ' specimen of wood engnving. On the whole this is a Part worthy to rage alongside the best yet issued. J GJBAND WOBTHY COUNCILLOR, Z. O. G. T.-We received by telegraph m Wednesday evening, too late for inserticn, tie following message from Sydney ¡-"Alderman A. S. Brown, of West Mait- land, was elected by a majority, Grand Worthy Councillor of the Gr&nd; lodge of New South Wales Good Templars." / THE MIMT.-Up lo the end of March there was received for coinage at the Sydney mint a quantity of gold equal to 161,374 ifta., and the quantity for March alone was 56,743 ozg. Values were respec- tively ¿543,907 and .£21(5,539. During March gold coin and bullion were issued valued at ¿8247,030 j for tho quarter the issue iras .£582,169. ' AGRICULTURAL SOCIETIES AND THEIR PAP.-The Government have Ä»t*ly received (says the JTcfto) numerous applicatif8 from country agricultural societies for the increased amount of subsidy to which these institutirWs have become entitled in virtue of a resolutions passed by the Legislative Assembly at the instance of Mr. Gormly. The amount of Government! subsidy paid up to the present has been £1 to\ every £1 subscribed by local patrons ; but undcr\the resolution approved a short while ago, the sum Will be £1 for every £1 subscribed. It is necessaryVo point out, however, that the increased suksidy Cannot bo paid until Parliament has voted a sum to\meet the necessary expenditure. There are ne less '¿¡»an 0 i societies on the list prepared at the Colonial Sectary's Office of those receiving Govarrunent aid. "' » MELANCHOLY DEATH NEAR GRESFORD.-^-10 Sun- day afternoon hut a t»»riWe accident happened to a young man named George Rodwell, of Cawarra, whuh ended fatally at half past threo onl;uesday morning. The young fellow who was in hu* J9fc" year was a native of the place. On Sunday after- noon about half past three he went to the house °* John Humble, a labourer employed by Mr. Kell^0' Clifford, and they started out on horseback aftor some cows belonging to Mr. Kelly. On cominS home decased was riding behind, and Humble turning round noticed bim give the horse a cut with a switch on the shoulder. Immediately after he agaiu turned and saw the how* liad fallen and was struggling to get up. The deceased was lying on his side with one leg across the horse. The horse got up and young Rodwell did so also, and wjilked 4 or 5 yards. He then said he was nearly killed and pulling up his shirt showed a wound on his right suie a little above the hip. Humble assisted him on to his horse, and ho rode a short distance when he got off and laid down. Humble then went to Clifford, and Mr. W. Bogan came to the sufferer while the former went for the father. He returned with the father and a messenger was sent for Dr Webb, who carno and saw the poor fellow before lw was removed. Augustus Lytton Webb, who described himself as an unregistered medical practitioner, duly qualified in Queensland, examined the wound, which was on the right side a few inches beluw the last rib. The injury was five inches long and the stomach was burst and some of the intestines forced out. The doctor attended to the injuries and put ten Btitchos in the wound, and tho poor fallow, was afterwards carried to his father's house, where he was attended by Dr. Webb, who gave no hopes of his recovery, till he died as stated on Tuesday morning. An in- spection of the spot, where the accident happened showed that the horse must have tripped on a root and slipped some few yards, when the deceased came against a sapling on the ground, the end of which passed thromgh his clothes and into his body Dr. Webb was of opiaion, that death was caused by inflammation of the bowels the result of injury described. Dr Pierce, who made a post mortem ex animation of the deceased, found a lacerate wound on the right side over the liver. The l'?or was torn, and the larger intestine was, aiso perforated. Death was the result of those M'urieB and they were such that it was impossible to 8ave his life by any treatment. The above ft"*8 .wf *e elecited at an inquest held on the \>od$ at his father's residence, by Mr. Alfred Vlaain, 3.V., Coroner, on Tuesday, when the ja? retured a verdict of death from ftrinrnw n'""'1""*'" »leas Lever Watch. It has all the advantages of costly watches, and avoids all their complications. The construction is so simple that it Beldom gets out of order, and will never be costly to the owner. Parts can be replaced without fitting, repairs rarely cost more than 2s. Gd, and never more than 6s. Cases are dust-proof, and wind and set without oponing. Neat and handy ; a heap of value for 25s. Post, Is. extra. J. HART, Maitland only. 367 THE MOUNT GILEAD ESTATE.-WO would re- mind our readers-more particularly those in- terested in the sale-that Messrs. Mills and Pile will submit to public competition on Thursday next, at half-past eleven o'clock, at their rooms, 130, Pitt-street, Sydney, the Mount Gilead Estate. This magnificent property is close to the Great Southern line of railway, and is watered by the Nepean River, George's River, and artificial lakes. If the estate is not sold in one lot, it will be sub- mitted in blocks of from 50 to 500 aeres, the subdi- vision being already completed. The Mount Gilead Estate is 20G3 revea in extent, and comprises " park-like lands, grand views, rich soil, abundant water supply, superb climate, with excellent roads and drives." 3ee advertisement.-Communicated. ENGLISH MAIL TIME TABLE.-The question of the time-table of the weekly mail service between Australia and England is still (says the Herald) engaging the attention of the Postmaster-General. The last communication received by Mr. Roberts was from Mr. Derham, the Postmaster-General of Victoria, suggesting that another joint protest on behalf of New South Wales, Victoria, and South Australia should be sent to the Imperial authorities urging the alteration of the time of departure of the home-going mail steamers from Mondays to Fridays. The Australian view of the matter has already been communicated to Mr. Raikes, who suggested some weeks ago that it should be allowed to stand over until a despatch explaining at length the views of the authorities in London, which was on its way to Australia, hod reached the colonial Go vernments. That despatch had been received. The chief objection of the English officials to reverting to the system that bad previously obtained was, that the mails arrived in London on Saturday afternoon too late for business purposes. Against this, however, it is urgsd by the colonial Govern- ments that the Monday departure from Adelaide greatly inconveniences both Sydney and Melbourne, and the Victorian Government appear disinclined to run special trains from Melbourne timed to reach Adelaide before the departure of the steamers on Mondays. Mr. Roberts fears that, notwithstand- ing the inconvenience oí the present arrangement, a further protest to Mr. Raikes will fail to bring about the desired result. GROWING IMIORTANCE or THECOLOVIIL WINE TRADE -The European Mail sayo -As an instance of the growing importance of the colonial wine tiade, we have pleasure in announcing that Mr Burgoyne, the well known Australian Wine mer- chant, has decided to establish agencies in Adelaide and Melbourne This decision has been ai rived at after seme consideration, and hastened by a signed request from about GO wine growers urging Mi Burgoyne to take this step As one of the reasons for the establishment of these agencies we give the following extract from a petition of the " Goulburn Valley Wine Association" to Mr Burgoyne -" We may add that in one district the vine industry is only just beginning to develop, but we anticipate ¿hat m a very few years there will be many thou- sands of vines in cultivation here, chiefly m the I hands of small growers, and the establishment therefore of an agency in the Colony for the pur- chase of wines would be of very material benefit to thia district." The Rutherglen and Murray District Vinegrowars' Association also writes: " That it would be advisable for yow to establish a depot or an agency irr Melbourne, and thus be enabled to select such TvineB as would suit the requirements of your trade. Any reasonable I assistance within its power for effecting this pur- pose would be rendered by the association." As a further example of Mr. Burg.oyne's enterprise, we I hear that he is going to advertise Australian wines throughout the Scotch railway stations, as he has already done throughout England', PROFESSOR NEWMAN'S CENTENNIAL OTT.-It will be seen by advertisement elsewhere that the e;Aibition of this clever mechanical picture which has been open all the week, will close this evening. The exhibition has been a source of great attrac I tion to young and old during its display. 