Continued from: Wednesday's Supple ment.] ¥k? ' RIGHT of translation is resfcuveif. sabina. Membra. V i » A Novel. BY WILLIAM BLACE. Author " Macleod of Dave," " A Princess of Tliulo." etc. CHAPTER. XXXIII. At.ilr.a, When _ Fred Foster went to call upon Mrs. Fairservice in Jermyii-street, it was not 'without studied preparation; his hat and boots and gloves were all new and neat; and he had taken the greatest care of hi3 general appearance. As she came into the room, and carelessly gave him lier hand, lier sharp eyes noticed this at once, and she laughed a " \Vhat, then?" he said, rather resentfully; for tto one likes to bo scrutinised in that fashion. " We're smart, ain't we?" " What do. you expect? he said. " Did you vrant me to come in a fancy dress, like a ready money fielder?" " I was thinking of Scarborough," she said, goodnaturedly. " Oh, don't you think I nm ob jecting. Quite the contrary. I think your ap pearance now would be much more likely to inspire the confidence of the betting public. And I hope it's a sign of a change of luck—I do indeed," ' She was putting aside the window curtains to let a little more of the afternoon light into the dusky apartment, while he put his hat and glovos on a small side-table hard by. But when she turned to him again she seemed to be struck witli something in his look. " Hallo," she said, " what's the matter With your.eyes?" " There's nothing the matter with my eyes," lie said, with still further subdued reientmont. There seems to be with yours, though. IheyVo l'oniarltably inquisitive this evening." " You don't drink," she said. " No, you were always too wide-awake for that. What have you been doing?" He was both impatient and angiy ; but did not dare to show it. He mutteroil something in an apologetic way of having suffered severely from toothache of late, and of his having tried chloral to procure him a little rest. He did not choose to tell her that it was the sleepless nights of agony and remorse following his mother's death that had driven him to this dan geious rosourco. " Then you'd bettor atop,1' Mrs. Fairservice said, plainly. " If you and 1 are going to do anything together you'll' want a lovol head. I • suppose yoa understand?" " Don't you be afraid," he said. "I can't see now an attack of toothache is going to inter fere." " Come, sit down, and tell ine how your affairs are," she said, in a friendly fashion,' but still regarding him with a watchful eye. "At any rate, you are in London—that's a hopeful sign. Got everything squared up yet? Let me see, who'was it who was coiring in as peace maker?" ; " Oh, lam all right," he said, with an assump tion of easy, confidence. " That is to say; every thing wants a little time ;• but I see how it is to be .managed. You moan Raby. No thanks to him. : No; he played • me a shabby trick, though Johnny Russoll swears it was only care lessness or indifference. Well, it does not matter macli. Russoll has turned out a brick. And yet it does not seem such a great deal for a fellow with all his money to hold out a hdlping hand." Youseo, MaiStcl' Fred, that depends," Mrs. Fairservice remarked, coolly. "One does not like in any case to throw good money after bad. I am gladyour young friendtliinksbetterof your prospects.. What's his little game?" '. "I don't know what you nViaii," lie Salil. " Why, what is Ills reason for coming for-; ward in this magnanimous way, and hauling you out of the ditch? It isn't often done. .What is his inducement?" ■ " . " Well, I call it pure good-fellowship—friend ship if you like." 1 . ; She shook her head. '" No," she said; with a smile. " That wo l't do. That's too thin. Or else he's an awiul softie." . " Women's views of friendship may bo dif ferent from men's," he said, '' I. don't: know,. However, it docs not matter. The fact remains that I hope, with Jack Russell's help, fc<i haV0 everything fair and sqilrtttj 111 a vory short time. ;Aiul now the question is—what about Bernard!" > it was curious to notice the sharp and sudden [ alteration of her look. She > had been quite pleasant and debonnaire ; even her scanning of his appearance was not unfriendly t lief cynical confidences were uttered in perfect good-nature. But the more mention of Bernard's name sufficed to change all that ill an instant. When next she spoke there was a baleful fire in her eyes, and her mouth was drawn and hard. " I had half-forgotten," she saidi with a kind of laugh. Seeing you so smart, I fancicd you had come to take me to tho. theatre. • I had almost forgotten Mr. Bernard. One will forget one's best friends sometimes." She went to the sideboard, opened a drawer, ' took out a photographi and, bringing it back, threw it on the table before Foster. ;There, do you know what that is f' she said, with another ironical laugh. 'It was a portrait of a thin, wizened; pre-, ' miturely-old-looking young man, who was dressed as if he Was going to a wedding, with a "large " buttonhole" in his frock-coat. " Well, you might call him a swell, now, if i you like," Foster said. " Bought this out of a .shop window, I suppose ? You see what it is to be famous. Cabinet Ministers, Archbishops, j and jockeys ; I suppose Joe Cantly was in ex cellent company." You may suppose anything you like," she retorted, " but don't you imagine I bought that out of any shop window. Oh, no, that is a present from Mr. Joe himself. And that is the footing we are on now." " You've seen him ?" lie said, quickly. " Very much," was tho collooted aniwer. " Charlie Bernard was over at Redcar. Joe was quite pleased to see an old friend. And you should have heard him swear on his honour as a ; gentleman—his honour as a geu tleiuau—that | not a living soul should know I had spoken to f him. Now what do you suppose a jockey's "honour as a gentleman" is worth ? Can you put a price on it ? No ; I don't want to say any thing against the young man ; he was very friendly with me, very grateful ; I believe I could bring tears to his eyes by appealing to his noble sentiments. Wouldn't you like to see that ? I should. Fancy a jock with tears in his eyes—his hand clasped on his heart " " Yes, but did ho say anything ?" Foster in terrupted. "Yes," she said, slowly, "he told me that rumours they have been puttingabout that Jack son will never be able to bring Roscrawn thoroughly sound to the post are all gammon. The horse is as fit as a fiddle. That might be a good thing for yon, eh ? But I suppose your'e not doing much business with the pencillers at present ?" " You know that is not what I asked you," he said, peevishly. "Well," she said, " you and I must under stand each other, Master Fred. I should want to see you in a rather more securo position be fore changing anything . How much time do you want ? I confess I am in no great hurry. If I go for Charlie Bernard at all, it will he a thorough thing, I can tell you ; and I can bide my time. Indeed, there's nothing else to be done at present. With Goodwood, Brighton, and Lewes over, there's nothing worth mention ing now till the Leger—except the Ebor handi cap, and Cantley say3 that Bernard has no great faith in Red Manual." " He's not going to hack Red Manual ?" Foster exclaimed—but this was really intended to give her the notion that information of the kind was becoming valuable to him. " To no great extent, anyway, if the immacu late Joe is to be believed. So that's not to be thought of. No, no ; as I say, I'm going to take my time , Jos and I are far, far, far from being sufficiently friendly as yet ; and as for you— you're no use to me as you are." It was plain speaking : but he did not wince. "You want time for yourself. Give me the same," he said ; and then lie added : " I suppose you have some engagement for this evening." '"I? Not I. I only came to town this morn ing." " You spoke of the theatre ," ho said, rather •nervously. " What do you say, now, to coming and dining with me at a restaurant, and then I will send up acommissionarie to one of tlioBond street agencies to secure a box ?'; She was inclined to look upon this as a piece of bravado ; but guessed that perhaps ho had fallen in with a little money somewhere. And he had ; for the fifty pounds had, somewhat un expectedly, arrived from Buckinghamshire : and Foster was determined to make this go as far as possible in showing evidence of his better ing condition. How much would Mrs. Fair service imagine lay behind tlmt little offer of a dinner and a box at the theatre ? " No, we'll divido that programme into two halves," she said. " You may go and see about the box now ; I will order a bit of dinner for us here. What o'clock is it?" Perhaps this was sarcasm ; she could see that his watch pocket was empty. " I have left my watch at home," he said. " But I should fancy it must be close on six." " Then go and get the box," she said. "And I will order din.icr for six- thirty. We may as well see the fat-je. if there is one ; and I have good, healthy old-fashioned tastes." Now not only did Mr. Foster go and secure for himself an expensive box at one of the best theatres, but also lie went round 'by Convent Garden and purchased for Mi's. Jw'service a, vor } beautiful bouquet. He liimself curried it back with him to the hotel ; and, when lie pre sented it, there was no apparent cynicism in the smile of thanks With which she rcecived it, perhaps she Was a little bit impressed by this display o'f aflHtdiicd, despite litir liabitital dlirewd-. doss. At ail events, iiere he vi-as in f-ioiidon ; and With so little fear of b_4ng laid by tlic heels, or otherwise interfered witn, that he was prooo sing to go to a public theatre. : Indeed, as tlioy sat at dinner, she became much niore .frank with him about her rc-; lations with Cantly, and her plans for work ing upon these. Once or twice, too, she seemed to imply that 3ho was counting upon his—that' is "pon Foster Confederacy i and ho anxious w as lie to assure her of his being a person worthy' of trust that he would not, at first, touch a dron of wine. 1. "What's up now?" she said, when he re fused. , " I don't wish to provoke any more compli mentary reniarks;", he answered. i. t'c i '• ab°llfc t!)0 lo°!t o! your eyes ?" alio said.; 1 iii - conios to thatj I Would sooner see you clrillkiiig wine thiiii drugging- yitiirsalf with \< 2 "ow l°ng have you been at'it?" , ' How long have I been at it," lie repeated. . ■How long does a fit of toothache last ? About a century, I suppose ?" ' Weil, it ni,ist have been a pretty long fit to nave altered your appearance so," she said, shrewdly, "I fancicd you looked rathor white about the guts wln!ii Wd ntdt at .Scarborough. And that s not like von. You used ; to keep yourself in pretty fit condition." " I am as well a3 ever I was in my life," he said bluntly. : '• And I will take gome wine-J wouhl ratner do that than be picked to piece j." Oh, I didn't mean to offend," she said, good naturedly •'It was only a littlo friendly in quiry. And by the way, Master Fred, it has occurred to me that, in view of cert tm possibilities in the future, it would be as well tor you and me not to be seen together at . 'heatre to-night. One or other of U3 must keep in a safe corner in the box." i. '' Iquitc agree with you," lie said, quickly. i^b:&;;rvuiiinsdrass °n'rn kcep In due course of time Mrs. Fairservice's carriage was summoned, and they drove to the theatre, where, if he remained discreetly with drawn from the public gaze, she was very much en evidence indeed, with her opera-giass, and Ian, and bouquet. It is to be feare'd that he f., not P11!' great heed to tho performances that followed. He had learned a good deal that evening. It was abundantly clear that, who ever might help him out of present straits, that person was not Mrs. Fairservico, Further than that, it was just as clear that she would have him present a pecuniary oloan bill at lioalth before accepting him as her coadjutor. On the j.othei hand, she still seemed to coiuifc on his assistance ; there was Bome little time yet in which to prove himself eligible for the honorable post; and the more he studied the possibilities of the scheme she was planning; the more'he saw' what a splendod coup it would prove for him self, if properly, managed. But in the mean while the paramount need was money. Money must be got at all or any hazards—if only . to stay the mouths of the wolvcs.who were huntinn him. ■■■■',■ ■ ' ' • - D When he had escorted Mrs. Fail-service back to her hotel, and made an .appointment to soe her that day . week, ho walked away up Kegent-street to the Rochambeau Club, and asked if Mr. John Rnssall were within. The Rocuambeau . was a small club,- of somewhat shady reputation, and chiefly'devoted to bac carat, ecarte, poker,, and. billiards.At this hour—a little after eleven— it seemed deserted: Jooking through the glass-panels of the inndf doorai FoslSr odilld tMly Sde dtlb d? tWd yoi US* illen dawdlnig about, in evening dress and cri.gll hats, and apparently justi arrived' from ' the"; theatre. ■"■ ' ' ■ However, one of -these did happen/to bs Mr: Johnny Russell, who, when • summoned by the waiter, daiiig ldisitrcly along inta tlid Oitter hall, Chevving u tooth-pick, and looking it dnco sur prised nnd arrused. * ; " Well, this is a fair piece of bluff, this is," he said. ; ; ^ ^ ^la^-0 chance it—there wis no help for it, wa3 iToater's answer. •: \ ,/•. ' / : "No, no,'/, tho flabby and "white-cheeked young mra said, facetiously; !' I can hardly believe it. W hat do you hold in your hand? illiee a-:es and a pair I'll be bound.1 • Or show1"'8 ? You've got something to I wish I had;" Foster said bitterly; I've y°lt«to foi' me what' Baby sileaked ollfc of. A shabbier trick was never played, .lour excuses for him-ouly aiiake itr worse; for he never need have undertaken it ■ at all, if he didn't m6aii it." - „ * dnnk," said Mr. : Russell, coolly. 1 hat is one of the advantages of a proprietory club j you can liavtf anything, at ariy time, and for anybody, tliat will rtilt a p8nny in the managers pocket. Or A ljit of supper? The feUoWs haven't come in- yet';' thereVndthin" doing. ° ''^°' I would rather net go into the club." Russell laughed. * " The cavalier in hiding—good subject for a picture. Foster considered the pleasantry, rather ill timed , hut was glad enough to find Johnny Rus sell in good humor. « wComco"tfor a.bit of a stroll," ho said. [ )iCan 'a"£: without risk of being'over Rnssell put on'a light overcoai,' and together they _weiit out; the dusky, thoroughfares artnuid Hanover Square gave' them ample Opportunity of uninterrupted conversatioh. !" yo« going to stand my friend,. Jack?" wasl'oster s plain question. ' To what tune?" was the equally plain answer. /' Well, if you will lend me £300—if I can show it—I can put my hand on another £200.;. and that together surely would pacify them in the meantime 1 " £300!" che othei said, in less friendly fashion. " Why, Rtby never suggested any thing so much as that." " r i." bTe.cauao ilc know what a chance i had, . Foster, said eagerly. "He thought it was merely to put me on my legs again. But it isn t that. I daren't tell you what the chance is— but it's a very big thing . Oh, ye3, its alw.-iys that,-'the younger man said, evidently disliking the whole situation. And perhaps it is a good chance. But, you know, Foster,- I dont. quite sco why -I should pay in order to let you have another gamble. " 11 is nt gambling at all!" Foster protested— and he -was earnest enough .011 this elusion-—(*ifc is giving me a helping hand to let me get my head above water—and just when there is a fresh start offered me. Besides, iu.ui, you will be paid—every farthing." , It s easy to say that," the other grumbled. " Oil, but this time it really ia all right. As soon as Sir Anthony Zembra comes back from Antw erp my wife is going to get him to increase her allowance-* there's the grandson to be con sidered, you see—and out of that increase she will pay you back the whole of the £300, if you ouiy^give her time. I need not appear in it at all.. The instalments—monthly or quarterly, as you please—will be forwarded by her. It is' as safe as the Bank." "How do you know-that Sir Anthony will give you wife what she asks?" the other said still suspicious. ' " Why, he's bound to! But I'll tell you what —wait and see. I am content to abide by tho result." ,' " Who is to let me know?" Johnny Russell smd, rather coldly. Ibis was so plain an intimation that Foster's ■word might not be considered as all-sufficient, that for a second or two he was rather at a loss.' But presently he said. " Why, it's very simple. Will you be content with tins? If my wife writes to you and says she is in a position to pay you so much a quarter, and will do so, will that satisfy you?" " Yes certainly." " And you will let me have the money?" "Yes." "It's a bargain," then Foster said, with evi dent relief. " Mind you, old fellow, I haven't said much about gratitude and all that, but I don't forget such things. It's when a fellow is down that he feels them most. Come," he said, presently, " there's a public-house down there! Let's have a brandy and soda, on the strength of this. I've been at the theatre this eveniinr— with a Mrs. Fairservic—and doing propriety? I should like a drink." " Public-house brandy," said Johnny Russell, rather gloomily. " Why didn't you have it at the Club ?" " Oh, it's all the same—it's all corn and potatoe spirit,' Foster said, cheerfully." "It will be quite a new sensation for mo to stand treat at a counter a—remembrance of old days, when you hail got hold of a thirsty bookie and wanted him to give you something like Chris tian prices. The worst of these places is that their spirits are so diluted that you can hardly taste them ; the only way is to have a double dose." So Foster and his friend wont into the Private Bar and had their drink there—though Johnny Russell did not seem to like the look of this un familiar place.. '* And how long are you going to face it out in London?" the latter asked. "It's pretty cheeky, you know." " Yes, I believe you," Foster said, to whom, a deep draught of the brown brandy and soda water seemed to have imparted a new animation. " But I am quito aware that the atmosphere of the Metropolis of England is much too sultry for my constitution ; I'm off to-morrow or next day. I shall vanish like a ghost—until I hear it's all right about the £300 ; and then I'll get you £200 ; and give you a list of people—the Jennings, and Jim Deanc, and a lot of them, and you'll have to do your best to bring th'em to reason. I know you will do it far better .ban Baby. They would suspect him. H^'g too koen a. file nil' the way round. But tlioy mnst know you have nothing to gain; shan't we have a jolly little dinner, old man, when I can conic buck clear, and safe—at the Bristol, eh ?—the old room " There was n kind of incoherence a'rant hin talk ami lrtrtnllGf, though that could hardly be attributed to drink, fot ho hilil fc»Uc-n Very little' Wine, itt dinner, arid had since touched nothing till now; . Whdr'o are yoii off to'; then ?" Ilia tyiriffanion said; " Oil, I'll find some safe quaftei'3 somewhere; —where I can see a morning gallop or two. Not in Yorkshire, though, 1 hope ; just you believe me, I had a baddisli time of it when I was there. • I lmver was so down on my luck——"■ " You're not looking very well ivfter it, any way," Russell said, regarding lihi with his pale, black-lustre eyes. " No, by Jove, you're not iooking up to the mark." " Neither would you be, I dare say," Foster rejoined, with simulated cheerfulness. "Well, old man, you're ofTb?,ck to the Club, I suppose. I'm going down home to try and get some sleep. I've had some bad nights lately." ' Outside the public- house there were a few final words of undertaking and direction, ( ftjid then they parted, and w'e'tii thfc'ir several wa^s. (To be continued). 