. REVIliAVfe. KKW noovs. From Mr. Geuigc noneinon wo recmvn "Tables of Cuinpcmnd interest," by Lieut.- Coloncl VL lb Oakes London : Charles and Edwin Layloii). This work gives iu u very convenient forui for reference tables of com- pound interest for each rule between and n» percent, per annum. proceeding bv intervals of one-eighth and from one year to 100 years. The tables supplied give : — I. l'rcuciit value of £1 receivable at the ciul of c.i'4i year. 2. I'rcsent value of XI per annum receivable at. the end of each year. 3. Amount of XI at the end of each vear. 4. Amount of XI per annum at the end of each year. The volume must be one of great utility to all accountants, "Handbook to Magisterial Inquiries iu Hew South "Wale.H," by Jv. H. Matbcw? (George Robertson and Co., 1$38), is in tended to serve as a practical guide for jus tices of tlia peac-S in holding magisterial .inquiries in lieu of inquests. Its compilation, Mr. Matnows tells us, y/up suggested to bira during his expcrieuce as a justice of the peace bv the necessity of a simple book of instruct ion to magistrates with regard to the duty they may at anytime be called upon to perform of holding inquiry iu r. case of sudden death. Ho has sought to supply full guidance to the proper procedure iu cucli inquiries, from their first initiation to the limit transmission of the depo sitions to the Department of Justice. He sets ont in this way the " Duty of Magistrates when, a Death is reported to Them," the 14 Procedure in Holding inquiries," "Examina- tion of Witnesses," "Forms oi Magistrates Findings," "Transmission of Proceedings," and no forth. The appendix contains several Acts bearing on the subject of inquiries and instruc tions for taking depositions of persons dan gerously ill respecting indictable offences. The manual seema to bo well and carefully coin- piled' and to bo a useful guido lu the proper discharge of the duties with which it deals. "The Grand Reality" (Geo. Robertson and Co., 1838) is the title of a stout volume of over 500 pages, containing reports of nearly AO lectures jgiven through a " trance medium," being, wo ure told, . " Experiences in Spirit Life of a Celebrated Dramatist." The book is edited by Mr. Hugh - Junor Browne, of Melbourne, whose previous works on subjects of what we may call mystical reli gion are known to many readers. There are thus three personalities concerned in the pro- duction of this work — the celebrated but deceased dramatist, the tianco medium and Mr. Browne — besides the shorthand writers who took down the lectures from the lips of the medium. The lectures themselves appear to be the ordinary vague and mystical rhapsodies about the "spirit laud" vhieli usually come from such sources, and those who know any thing of the writiugs of Mr. Browne will recog nise that he is quite competent to produce any quantity of writing of this kind without the col laboration of the celebrated dramatist and tlic spirit medium who aided him on this occasion. It requires no ghost to tell us all which is told by the spirit of the celebrated dramatist, more especially as we have no means of checking the accuracy of his staterueuts. There, however, appears to be a demand for this kind of litera ture, a demand which Mr. Browne in his numerous works has done much to meet, and which the present book seems well suited to supply. Messrs. Gordon and Gotch send us the Second edition of their "Australasian Newspaper Directory, 1888." i ' " The Aborigines of Australia," by Roderick J. Flanagan (E. F. Flanagan uud Geo. Robertuou and Co., 3888), is a collec- — C ...... .. / I n.iWturtf f llA UUU Ul pupcd UU IUU SUUJCbV Ul aborigines which were contributed by the Inte Mr. Flanagau to the Ampins newspaper in 1853-4, and which are now gathered and issued in book form. The papers deal with many aspects of aboriginal life, the religious ideas of the natives, their launuag?, mode of warfare, customs of mourning, together with narratives of various incidents of their early relations to tlie European settlers. The book shows evi dence of a good deal of observation or inquiry, and as containing observations which were collected in days when such information re garding primitive habits was more easily procured than now it is of interest and value to all who busy tbbinselves in studies of abori ginal life. From Messrs. Edwards, Ditnlop and Co. we have " London in 3888." a capital handbook to the metropolis, by Herbert Fry. A - useful feature is supplied by the 18 birfls'-eye views of principal streets of London. We have, also, from the same firm, "Protection or Freetraue," by Henry George, Mr. S. Mullen, of Melbourne, sends us a jeu d'etprit entitled " The Battle of Mordinlloc, or How wo Lost Australia," a 'pamphlet written from an Imperialistic point of view, r, bowing how easily the defence forces of Australia could be beaten by au allied expedition of Chinese aud Russians. # " Handbook of Sydney" (Turner and Tien-- demon) is a useful little manual by Mr. W. M. Hamlet, the Government analyst, who has pre pared it "to give au epitome of the history, meteorology, geology, flora aud fauna of Syduev and the surrounding neighborhood," to serve as guide to ihe members of the Australasian Association. The little honk brings together a great deal of useful iufonnaiiou. " Deutsche . Verb-lubellon," or accidence of the German verb, is n bonk prepared far the use of students and teachers by A. Friedrich and published by Geo. Robertson uud Co. 