ENGLAND. THE PAN- ANGLICAN ; SYNOD. THE CONFERENCE A FAILURE. Says the Catholic Times, August 10 :— The Pan-Anglican Synod at Lambeth has come to an end ; the mountain has been in labour, and has brought forth — nothing ! No attempt, ao far as the world knows, has beon made by the assembled Prelates to introduce a new ambiguous phrase to make tho divergencies in faith and practice which exist in the Anglican coramunion a little less glaring. Only two piecon of intelli gence have been made known. The first is, that certain Colonial Bishops are to bo caliod ' Arch bishopa'' instead o£ ' Metropolitans'3— a point; which is of absolutely no importance. The second is that the Anglican Fathers have beon dobatintr a ?nronnsition tbn.t; 'in nnifcn nf wl-iaf. we must conceive as an irregularity, tho mini sterial character of those ordained in non episcopal communion' should bo recognized— which, if accepted, can only have tho effect o£ causing men to ask what is the use of ' Anglican Ordors' if persons who do not have them and do not want them have a ' ministerial character' all the same. Socially, too, the Conference has been a dismal failure. Eoyalty has passed the poor Bishops by, and the only important piece of: public hospitality which has been vouchsafed to them came (as it happened) from a Catholic J The Lord Mayor of London, in his official capacity, entertained tho neglected Prelates at tho Mansion House. Tho Dublin Nation says : — Tho third decennial! Council of the Anglican Church, held at Lambeth, having- concluded at tho ond of July, the result of tho Conferonco has just been made public. Tho Protestant Prelates from all parts attended to tho number of one hundred and forty-five. Tho Council wag an imitation of those with which Catholics are so familiar. It began by tho mom' bers receiving 'the Blessed Sacrament' and joining in prayer for tho guidanco of tho Holy Ghost. In outward rospecta thoro is a resem blance ; but there whoro it bosrins it ends. In fchn concluoions arrived at and in the mode oE express ing them there is an enormous difference, Tho rigid dogmatism that once and for all lays down, the rules of guidance, th.it hard and fast un changeable legislation which marks tho Catholic Church, are uttcly wanting here. The outcome of tho wholo month's proceedings is merely no many exhortations, friendly advices, and expres sions of opinion. Tho Protestant Church will go on much as before. Its members may or may not adopt these opinions, according as thoir own judgments sway thorn. And sinco thoro is no force, moral or otherwise, that can bo brought to boar on the recuBants, tho resolutions of this latest Council will do little more than confirm in tueao opiniono those who held tbnm already, while leav ing the oppononts of thorn untouched. Tho suppression of intemperance is insisted on 5 and tho adoption of a high and pure morality earnestly counselled. Tho subject of! social morality is dwelt on again and again. In tho report of tho oub- committeo it is solemnly de«° clared that ' no one living an immoral lifo should be received into Christian society' 5 and a protest ia entered against all lowering of the sanctity of marriage. Acting on those declarations, the Council resolves that 'except in case of t'ornifica tion or adultery tho Christian Church cannot recognize divorce .... or give any sanc tion to the marriage of a person who has been divorced contrary to this law.' Here, indeed, ia a falling oil from tho high standard fixed on. How different from the Catholic Church, which admits of no such excepted cases, and sternly , forbids remarriage even where reparation i& per mitted. The theory of the committee was good j the expression of the theory as rules by the Council ia bad. But worse remains behind. : Polygamy is not strictly forbidden : ' it presents many difficult practical problems which have been solved in various ways in tho past' : and so it is loft an open question ! After such a regulation the further resolution, that ' the definite truths of the Faith ' must be maintained and spread, smacks somewhat of tho ridiculous. Again, 'on tho great question of Socialism no more definite stand is taken. If one might apply the old Irish saying, tho Protestant Church con tents itself with ' sitting on the ditch till some party wins.' The true character of Anglicanism is displayed in what the Conference calls ' its yearning for unity.' Tho creed of the Protestant properly so-called, is to be so widened and go relaxed that the Church may embrace the Scandi navian, Old Catholic, and Eastern sectaries. Liberty of treatment should, it is advised, be extended to foreign and growing Churches. The Thirty-nine Articles are not to be unreasonably imposed, ' coloured as they are in language and. form by the peculiar circumstances under which they were originally drawn up.' Of what nature the religious creed is likely to be to which Scandinavian, Old Catholic, Eastern Catholic, English Protestant, and Continental Schismatic may equally subscribe it is difficult to conjecture. To anyone who studies this latest exhibition of Protestantism at Lambeth, tho utter weakness of that Church in its attempts at dogmatism will be clearly rendered visible, and its hopeless inferiority to Catholicism aa a militant system be once more conclusively proven. 