AUTUMN FASHION AT ItANIHVICK. Of autumn fashions at Raiidwick, like tlic celebrated snakes of Ireland, one might almost write, in the word of the auior, "There wore none." And yet in spite of tho weather the wave of fa«hiou rolh onwarda, and there, are always indications to be seen of those delicate aud subtle changes which, while they exalt one style to f'ho height of popular laucy wo call fashion, depreciate another lo un fathomable depths where th"y lie hidden until the passing whim of a lady of fashion, such us the composition of tho pinafore polo naise out of a blacksmith's apron, or the revolution of the wheel oi centuries recall what had Leon so long forgotten that we fondly imagine it to be some new thing. Bui, alas! there is nothing new under the sun, and all we have are only fresh combinations of shapos and colors. "But consider, Madame, it cost ine three sleepless nights only to invent it," said the French milliner to he» customer who com plained of the price of one of those fragile com binations of law and velvet wo are accustomed to call a bonnet. "There is one woman in England who can make my fortune," said a Cape colonist to a passing visitor after showing him over his ostrich farm, " If the Princess of Wales would only take to wearing ostrich fenthers I should be & rich man very soon." But. faBhion has decreed that for some years past the long, lovely, waving ostrich plumes shall lie "out," while the Gpoils of the poultry yard, in the shape of cnrled cock'n feathers in every natural and unu&tural; shade of color, shall be "in" that the bodies of slaughtered birds, like tho scalps of conquered Indians, shall grace the toilette of every really fashionably- dressed woman ! Sometimes, however, fashion does really condescend to sensible reforms, and one of the very prettiest dresses at Eaudwick indicated this very plainly. It had no steels whatever at the back. The skirt was raised at the waist over a very Jiigh cushion, and tbo folds of the dross tumbled (I can use qo other word) straight down to the ground, on which the skirt was just long enough to rest. Tho dress itself was so cbarmiugly pretty and eo entirely adapted to the scene and the weather (the real secret of good dressing) that it merits a fuller description. The underskirt or petticoat waa of very pale pink silk, and was rotund with a ninkori ont flonncn of silk of tho same color. Over this fell an entire over dress of 6tnoke-nolored ntriped silk gauze, which waa eo» soft in texture and huug eo gracefully that it really looked like smoke. The body was veiled with a large Marie Antoinette ficlm of pale pink silk, which was crossed in large soft folds across the breast and hung down in long pinked ends behind, reminding those old enough to remember them of tho sashes of their girlhood's day?. The bonnet was of pink and smoke to match. A. very noticeable costume was of white pearled tulle over heliotrope satin. Another .of the charming costumes was of white Chinese crape over white silk falling in tho softest possible fold?. A bronze cashmere trimmed with striped velvet was noticeable Cor the elegant way in which the drapery whs arranged. It full In a long and quite sharp point on tho rigid side, and gave an elegant appcarauec to tho figure. There were many indications of the coming popularity of grey shade. Indeed, like poor relative?, they seem to Invade the domain of every color, and to claim kinship wifh all hades, excinl tho royal color, red. I must confess T did not see any red greys, But there were greys proper and greys improper. White greys (the prettiest of all) and blue greys, green greys and black greys, until it was hard to say where the grey ended' and tho other color began. Perhaps there is a certain fitness of things appertaining to this nineteenth century in the wenriug of these electric shades, since there has always been in human nature a tendency to in dicate the dominant passion in tho dress of the period. Witness th9 Watleau cos tumes of tho period of Louis XV., when to play at Arcadian simplicity was the fashion of the day. But the Court regime was still ap parent in the rich brocaded silks and velvets in which these would-bo rustics apparelled them selves. So, perhaps, our ago or iron and of clectricty reveals itself in the steely moires and electric-lined cashmeres which so -plentifully besprinkled tho grandstand at Handwick, One thing was a little surprising, and that is in a city where naval officers are always at a premium the fashionable little overjackets of blue cloth ornamented with gold buttons so entirely smart and xnidsbipiuaalike have not been more generally adopted. At Cones and other yachting centres they werovery chic last autumn ; but there are some fashions which never seem to take root in our southern soil, and this is apparently one of them. Apropos of overjackets, one was shown at a leading house in Sydney last week which is really worthy of mention. Jt was of dark red cloth, thickly braided in n shade of rich brown, which was not laid on fiat like the generality of .braided jackets, but stood erect and presented a raised surface. It was exquisitely cut, aud was edged with a thick trimming of beaver fur, which ia to bo tho fur for the coming season, and was altogether one of the most charm- ing outdoor garments seen for a long time. Nothing will bo more worn tiinn the short fur-bordered jackets, eo much more becoming to almost all styles of figures than the mantle- But not eveu a ghost of a wrap was to be seen at Randwlck that afternoon. Even the tradi tional fur capo or j'.the boa, (hat appears with unfailing regularity on overy warm niteruoon you go\for n walk in town, was invisible, not "for this occasion ouly," let us hope. 