A TÁIiE OE5 THRBÊ LIÖNS; (BF RIDER HAGGARD, in Atalanta.) At last Harry fell fast asleep, and even I could scarcely keep nty eyes opqu. In- deed, I waa "just dropping' off whed Sáddeuly Pharaoh gave rae a push. ' Iiislëu!' be Whispered; I was áwaké iba second; ¿nd listening with all my ears J From the-chimp bf bush tb the right of the 'lightning Scattered slump to which the sick ox was tiud came a faint crackling ndise, fíjinethidg was moving there, faintly and quietly enough, but still moving: pirceptiblyY for in the intensa stillness df the-night any 'sound seemed loud; Iwoke up Harry, who instantly said, ' Where is she $ where is she ?' and began to point his rifle about in a fashion that was mure dangerous* to us and the Oxen than to any possible lioness. ' ' Be quiet Í * I whimpered savagely ; arid as 1 did so, with a loud au! hideous growl a dish of yellow . light 6ped out of the clump of bush, past the ox, and lute tho corresponding clump upon the other side. The poor sick brute gave a sort of groan, and staggered round, and then bogan to tremble ; I could see it do so clearly in the moonlight, which was now very brighf, and I felt a brute for haring exposed the unfortunate animal to such agony as he must undoubtedly bo undergoing. The lionesss, for it was she, passed so quickly that wo could not eveu distinguish her movements, much less fire. Indeed at night it is absolutely useless to attempt to shoot unless the object is very close and standing perfectly still, and then the light is so deceptive and it is 83 difficult to see ! the foresight that the best shot will miss more ofteu than ho hits. * She will be back again presently,' I said: 'look out, for Heaven's sake,don't fire unless I tell you to.' Hardly were the words out ef my mouth when back she came, and á^ainp'asssdthe ox without striking'him. * What on earth is'she doing ?' whisper- ed Harry. ' Playiug with it a9 a cat does a mouse, Ï suppose. She will kill it presently.' A^'I spoke the lioness once more noshed out of the bush, and this time sprang right over tho doomed and trembling ox. It Was a beautiful sight to see her clear bim in the bright moonlight, U3 though it were a trick that she had been taught! . ' I believe that she has escaped from a circtis,' whispered Harry ; ' its jolly to see herjump.'^ I said nothing, but I thought to myself that if it was, Master Harry did not quite appreciate tho programme, and small blame to him. At any rate his tooth were chattering a Httlo. Theu camé k longish pause, and I began to think that she must have gone away, when suddenly sho appeared again, aud with one mighty bound landed right on to tile ox, aud struck it a fearful blow with her paw. I Down it went, and lay on the ground | kicking feebly.. She put down be* j wicked-loking head, and with a fierce j growl of contentment, buried her long white teeth in the threat of tho dying j animal. When she lifted her muzzle again it was all stained with blood. She stood facing us obliquely, licking her bloody chops, aud making a sort of purring noise. 'Now's tho time,' I whispered, 'fire when I do.' I got ou to lier as well as I could, bill Harry, instead of waiting for me, as I told him, fired before I could, add that ci course hurried me. Whoa tho smoko cleared, however, I was delighted td soe the lioness was rolling about on the ground behind tits bddyof the *dx, which cdvercdhdr in sdeh d fashion; however, that wq ediili ndt shddt agaid td niakö av Cud pf lier. ... , , 'She's, dorie for! 'She's dodd, thc yellow devil!' yelled Pharaoh ia exul- tation, and at lint very moment the lioness with a sort of convulsive rush, half rolled, half sprang, into the patch of thick bush to the right. 1 fired after her as she went, but so far as I could see withddt result.; tn iced the probability is that I missed her c'lead. At duy rdtd she got to tili» bush ni 6ärety\ and orice there), begáú td lHakesdclt a diabolical ndisej as I never heard before . She would whine and shriek with pain, and .burst out itíte pàrfev't volleys of roaring that shook thc whole place. ' Well,' I .said, 'we must just; let her roar; to go into that bush after her at night would be madness.' At that moment, to my astonishment and alarm, f hore came an answering roar from the direction of the river, and.then another from behiud the swell of bush. Evidently there were, more lions about. The wounddd lioness redoubled her efforts, with, the object, I Stipposd, of sdin mouing tho others to hdr Assistance. At any rdte they caine, and quickly, too, for Witliiu fivo initiates, psepiug through the bushes at our skerm fence, we saw a mag- nificent lida bouudiug along 'towards us, throdgh the tall tambjriki grass, that iu tho modmigllt looked for all tho world Hkd rípoüiug dom. On ho caind id great leaps, áud a glorious sight it wfts to see Him. When within fiftyyar'ds or' so, he stood still in nu opton space and roared, and the lidriesss roared too, add then there caine a third roar, and another great black mdine'd lion stalked majestically up, and joined number' two, dud really í bagad tp realize what tho ox must have undergone. ' Now, Harry,' I whispered, '.whatever you do, doVt fire ; it's too risky. If thoy let ds be, let theiri bb.' Wei!, the p'áir of them nlarchéd off to the'.busH, Whom .the wounded lionels was now roaiiug doable tides, sud the whole three of them begau to. snarl add grdirible a why together¿hpíe. . Presently, however, the liduoss ceased roaring, and the two lions came oiit again, the black Jdaiined one first- to * prospect, I suppose - and walked to where the carcasa of the ox lay, aud sniffed at it. ! *()!i, what: a «hot !' whispered Harry, who was trembling with excitenient. ' Yes,' 16aid ;-'but don't fire ; they might dil oí them coiné for us.' Harry said ndthiug, "but whether it was from the natural impetuosity of yddth, or' because he was thrown off his balance by excitenient, or from sheet1 recklessness aud devilment, I am sure I cannot tell you, never haviugbeon able io get a satisfactory explanation from bini; but at any rate thc fact remaius, he, without word or warning, entirely disregarding my exT hortation lifted up his Westley Richards, and fired at the black-inanod lion, and, what is more, hit it slightly on the dink. Next second thora was a most awful roar from the injured lion. Ho glared around him and roared with ptin, for he was sadly stung ; and then, before I could make up my mind what to do, the great black-maned. brute, clearly iguorant of the cause of his pain, sprang right at the throat of his couipauioa, to whom he evi- dently attributed his misfortune. It was a ouriods sight tb see tho evident astonish- ment of tho other lion at this most un- provoked assault. Over he rolled with an angry snarl, and on to him sprang the black maned demon, aud commeuced to worry him. This finally awoke the yellow- maued lion to a sense of the situation, and I am bound to say that lie rose to tho situation in a most effective manner. Somehow or other he got to his feet, and, roaring aud snarling frightfully, closed with his mighty foo. And then ensued' a most tremendous scene. You know what a shocking thiug it is to see two large dogs fighting with abandonment. Well, a whole hundred of dogs could not have looked half so terrible as those two great brutes as they rolled and rolled and rent in their horrid rage. They gripped each other, they tore at each other's throat till thoir manes came out ia handfuls, and tho rod blood streamed down their yellow hides. It was an awful and a wonderful thiug to soe tito great cats tearing at each other with all the fierce onergy of their savage strength, and making the night hideous with their heart-shak- ing noise. And the fight was a grand one too. For some minutes it was impossible to say which was getting the best of it, but at last I saw that the black-mauod lion, though lie was slightly the bigger, was failing. I am inclined to think that the wound in his flank had crippled him. Anyway he began to sot the worst of it, which served him right,: as ho was the aggressor. Still I could not help feeling sorry for him, for he hada gallant fight, when his antagon- ist finally got him by the throat, and, struggle and strike out as he would, began to shake the life out of him. Over and over they'tolled together. : but sthe yellow one would not load hie hold, and at length poor bludk-raane grew faint, his breath canto iii great snores aud seeuted td rattle iu his nostrils, tberi hd opened his huge mouth; ga.ve the g'ho'st of a'roar, qni.vored, and ,wa§ dead. - ' , Wited lid was qïiltd sure that the vic to'ry wás His4 dita, tile ydllpw'-mandd ll ut' loosed his grip,; and sriiffed afc his; fdlidd foe. Then he licked, the d ead: lio'ri's eye; add next, with his forefeet resting on the carcase, sent lip liis own chant'oï. victory, that went rolling and pearling dowd the dark paths of the forest in all the father- ed majesty of sonnd. r And at this point I interfered* Taking a careful, sight at ¿bo centré' of His body, in drdèV» td give the lárgeél pdssjblo triargiri'for error* I nred^Mi aud sent a'57^expYes^bulle't rîglit fhytf^H hini, and do^u hti drooped dead n£Ío1^^^^| carcase of his nfi¿hty fdp: After íha^, fairly satisfl^ forhiáuces, wo slept peaceably :till dawn, leaving Phárbah to keep wateli iii casa any more lions should take it^iíitp their heads to como our way. ' '_' ''. ' ' "When'"then8im wiis fairly lip we arose, and went very cautiously-at least Ifrhw uoh and I did, for I would not allow Harry td come-tb see if we could find any trape of the wounded lioness. She'h'ad ceased róariüg'immediately on the arri vai of the two lioits, aud had not mada a sound since, from which we concluded that she was probably dead.' Í was armoU Vvith'ihy ex- press, while Pharaoh,. in whoso hand" a riflle was indeed a dangerous weapon to his companions, had ana*). Ou our way we stopped to look at the two dead lions. They were ínaguifltíent animals, both of them, bwfc third pelts were entirely spoiled by the terrible mauling: they had given to each other, whichwad a Sad pityl. Id another minute we were following the blood-spoor of tho Wnuuded"lioness ¡¡ito the bilah where she had taken ref tige. This, I need'hardly say, we did ,vWth tho utmost dantiOn ; indeed, I, for one, dil not at all like tho job. á»id tfas only dipsblpd by the refleeiion that it was necessary, and that the bfisli was not thidk. Well, jvd stood there, keeping as far froid tho tfeefl as possible, .searching and:" looking fiVout, but no lioness, could we see, though ^d saw plenty of blood.- , ' , . ^ i j 'Shd must baye^onel.a|va£ .s'pjn^wher'd io die, P)iarbah',ï I said in Zulu».. " '. Yes, ïnkbps';(c"iijpf), he answered', 'shd lias certainly gdne aw'ay,' ... , Harilly were the words.put of h|s mouth when I heard a most .jiwf ul' i^iv, and dtar'liug' roünot'isáw j the ïionè'ss. émergé from thé very eedtre of a bush, ju80,e¥ind. Phároah', in which she. had b$en ; cttrle'jl up. TJp shb ..wéñfí pii 1*> .hèr'hiçoi legs* ^ and as she did sp Ï saw that ptíe,.o¥ heï" fore-paws was. broken boar the sheuMdr, for it hiing dimply down., ' tJp sne'/wpát, towering right above Pharoah's head, as she áid sd lifting her uninjured paw to strike him down. Añd; jtllotí, before I could got my rifle round or do anything to avert the coming catastrophe, tho Zulu did a very brave and clever thing.1 Realizing his own imminent danger he bounded to one side, and then,,swinging the heavy axe round his head, brought it down right ou to her back, severiug the vertebrae and killing her instantaneously. It was wonderful to see her collapse alliu a heap, like an empty sack. 