Ghosts. No. I. I suppose that there is no particular class of men so often connected in peoples' minds with ghosts, as grave-diggers. It ? seems— according to popular fancy — that their familiarity .with such grave matters ? most, specially, fit them' for the company 'of familiar spirits. The clown in 'Hamlet' savs — 'A tanner will last vou nine vear. Why, sir, his'liidels so tanned with his trade that he will keep out water a great whilb;' The mind that can dilate with zest arid interest on the 'particular advantage accru- ' ing to the person of a dead and buried' tanner is not unlikely to be particularly sensitive in the way of ghostly visitations. It is no cause for wonder, therefore, that Richard Burt, our village sexton, should become thesubject of my pen when writing on ghosts.' ,.,,.'.' ,,- ? . ' ? ?' Dipk,. as'lie, was usually called; was7 as I reriiember him, a gaunt, demure, hearty old man, with apparently many a long. year to spend in digging, and filling up again, the graves of Ins neighbors. Dick's whole purpose in life seemed to be centred in his son, Dick junior, who, as his father often fondly related, was a grand scholar, and who with the advantages derived from a knowledge of the three S|s, which had been acquired in the school house adjoining the church-yard, ha'd risen from his first apprenticeship to the sea in the sloop_ 'Nancy ' to be Captain Burt, of the brig 'Dispatch.' ; When the father in his lirien round frock stood on the old wooden pier at the moutli of the harbor, and solemnly lifted his hand in adieu, the son, as he stood by the seaman at the tiller of his vessel, thought how well he looked, what a good old father he had been, and what pleasure his simple,, old- 'fashioried ways always seeriied to' give. These' pleasant thoughts about the old man were accompanied, however, by a memory of the wistful look that had latterly been his, and the quiet reference now and again to the time when he would no longer be ready to welcome the return or speed the departure of his sailor son. So the toprgallant sails were set, the staysail hauled home, and the old collier fairly bounding away to the north. The skipper's heart shouldha.\& been light, but he paced from side to side in a restless way, and at last, with a good offing and 'a fair wind, left the deck and turned in to his berth in the little state cabin below, where with his face towards the open door close to his head, he fell into that state of wakeful slumber which often goes with a mirid in unrest. There was no sound but the lap of the waves as they glanced from the sides of the ship, and an occasional rattle overhead as the hehnsman above sleepily carried out his duties, when with a thrill, such as his maniy nature had never before experienced, there came the consciousness that the fond familiar voice of his father had softly called, 'Dick! Dick!' With profound conviction of what he wouldsee.and after apause to gather courage . he, opened' his eyes and met the gaze of his, father iwho Ayas standing, in ':tne! mopn-r light that streamed through the' skylight' into the doorway. So close was he that the ?fapes.!, almost,' touched, '.'and-,., the' son at a !glarice was able to mark every line 'that ;gdve ,such : a solemn expression' to the father's face. . 'Just. giving one blink to satisfy himself that he was awake,, he opened his eyes again to' find the apparition gone. J3,e sprang, to his'feet, and, with a ,few , strides r.eached his mate on deck and enquired— J- how, arid when his father had come aboard? \ 1 The man protested that no one had come aboard.' How could they? ' j The, clock on the companion stairs, in the feeble light of the binnacle lamp which was turned upon it, showed that it was 20 minutes past 12. Captain Burt noted this) arid said, with the air of one who states undeniable fact, ' lly father's, dead.' ! In three days' tirrie the Despatch sailed into Suriderland harbor, having had a quick run. ' . The master hastened to the agent's office for letters, and found one written in a strange handwriting, saying that his father had died at the exact time noted; in the ship's clock on the night of their leaving port, and that his last words were ' Dick Dick!' No. II. Mrs Williams had a large family of young people to provide' for ; sometimes her hands were very full and very weary too. She had little time jto spare for sentiment,, and] like Captain' Burt in my ghost story already related, 'she was not .a likely subject'for any kind ' of fancy ? ? life to ner ' was ' too matter-of-fact,1 arid as she stood' at. the wash-tub in the slied at the back of No, 2 Mussel'Row, engaged in. ^washing, among pother things, a red flannel shirt for her boy 'jack, wlianas just'gone oriJiis first trip to Bea,-firi! the1 Uncle' Toiri,' she- 'felt 'that-life was very real, and there was no mistake , about it, for the scrub,! scrub, scrub made! her poor hands so 'tender,: and it was' very earnest,- for ? without; that how .would; she get along at. all. , So the jsoap . was rubbed iiiraiid .:rubbed out of the. clothes', withthe dirt,' arid there was no sound but the splash of the water ;in the tub with every move ment' of .'t lie 1 active woman'T1 ' . , All in a moment the busy hands were dropped and the head was, poised, as if intensely listening for some sourid,'^ and there! it came again,, ',' Mother! ? mother I' and her Jack too,' his own voice, just, 'out- side. How could it be? He rshoiihl be somewhere in the North Sea, off Yarmouth, iby that time! ? ,.'.?' ,!? ',;! Mrs Williams scarcely stayed to dry, her hands, arid ran to meet— who ? ' NotJ her Jack! The back yard was emptyi', the younger boys and girls were all at sclfool ; there was no one about! ; When Mr Williams came home to tea he saw there was something amiss. His ^wile was glad to uriburden her mind, and amid a flow of many tears, which caine to] the relief of her troubled mirid, she said ehe.was certain that Jack was drowned, and, she had had his warning. She had noted, the time, and now there was nothing to do but wait for the coming of the ship to port, and be told all about it. ? Three anxious days passed, and . at last Pilot Winter looked in to say that the Uncle Tom was in sight, and that he should bring her in at about, half-past 12 o'clock. In good time Mrs Williams, hoping against hope, stood on the pier and strained her eyes to note the flag that was carried. Was the ensign half-mast, or was it at, the peak? How the sails bulged out in front of it, so that she could not see. Ah, well ! no, matter; it was all the same. Along ?carne the vessel'; and, look! who's 'that leaning on the bulwarks forward ? Can it be her Jack ? Yes, and he calls out to, her in liis cheery voice, ' Mother ! mother 1' Her Jack had come home again, and that voice that had troubled her so much was a fancy ; or had it been that Hqpkins'fboy next door calling to his mother ? With a thankful heart she went home to finish getting up those red flannel shirts and other things for Jack, and came to a quiet understanding with herself thnj; it would not be worth while in future to dress up ' Fancy' in the garb of ' Fact.',' Perhaps my readors will agree that superstitious minds are ever ready to store up arid dwell upon such apparently remaTk able' coincidences as are related in my first story, and to forget the ten thousand dreams and fancies like what has been described in . this last, which are dispelled almost before they are created.; nnd that my purpose, in ... putting these two true, ghost stones side by side has been a good one. ? ' '' :' ? ' ' A.E. 