mclStoiirnc Soles. [PltOM OCR UmKKSI'ONIlKNxl. Monday, Oct. 8th. The principal subject of discussion as w-- expected dtiring-last week, wag th" Klectnral Bill, but, though most of tlie members of the Assembly held forth on the question, the discussion was not brought to close at the adjournment on Thursday night. The reception which the Bill met with was anything but friendly, hardly a single member saving a word for it, those who expressed their intention of supporting the second reading telling the Government pretty plainly that if all does not go ill committee as they like, they will vote against the third reading. Mr. Beut has entered into a compact with the head of the Government thai a division shall be taken on Tuesday, but it is not the first time that the rank and file of the Opposition have refused to carry out the promises of the chief. So that it is not at all certain when the vote will be taken. Some very suggestive speeches were made in the course of the debate. While, the city members generally com plained of the peculiar rules which had been followed in the alteration of t'i boundaries, the members ropresentin, the country constituencies were very eloquent about the extensive correspondence which they had to carry on iu carrying out the views of their con stituencies. This state o£ things seems to suggest that.much of the business is private rather than.public. The Exhibition has been well attend' d during the week, the fine weather considerably .helping in the result. People from the country are now flocking in in large numbers, and with those who are already coming here for the rue's, the city keeps pretty full. Tin- concerts at the great she are giowing in popularity, and it is consequently not always certain that persons who f=o desire will 'be able -to he present on any giveu evening. We are to have quite an incursion of Ballarat juveniles this week and next. On thelith a special train is to bring down a thousand, on the 24th another train which has beeu specially chartered, will bring down a similar number, while another large consignment will he brought here on the 26th. We reached the highest pitch of excitement on Saturday lost in reference to the land sale mania. There were nearly seventy sales, and "for these the Kail way Commissioners found it necessary to provide trams for fifty. Some of those who concodt the advertise merits for these tales are more energetic than judicious. Tbe last idea is to produce portraicts of a number of statesmen who would have liked to he there, and in the middle of the group is given that of the late Earl Beaconsfield. They might just. as well .have included the ghost of Hamlet. Ail .accident which Bhows what cscapes sohle people have while under the influence of liquor, occurred at Toorak on Friday, night. , Two gentlemen who were going:from Government House to fhe residence of the Bon. F. Ormond, hired a hansom cab to make: die journey. The cabman .-- was binder the infiuence of liquor, and as he was not going right they dismissed him fortunately for themselves. He turned down towards the river, and getting off the track, horse, cab, nnd driver went down a precipice over 80 feet high. Nothing was-heard ®f:,the iurftout till the following morning when the Jehu was found on a ledge- by the river, the horse having in a miraculous manner got over on to the opposite bank after leaving liair on various slumps in his descent of the cliff The hansom was completely smashed, the remains of it being found this morning further down the stream. • • •-•-• The University Boat fince, which look place on the Lower Yarra on Saturday last, though not Attended as we may expect to see them attended when the events winch aru to be .annual: become..more -known, drew a fair number of persons to the River who went down in "the steamer Albatross:- For the first time-crews representing Melbourne, Adelaide; and: Sydney took part in a trialof strenglhi - Melbourne proved-toD good Sor ihfir ^iipjiotifale Adelaide only gettlng within five boats' lengths of them;: and the Sydney men being much further -away. • No. 7 in the Sydney crew broke an har Made which may .in -.some meaiure .account fortheir position ' The Melbourne Hunt-01ul> meetjiigi which begins.aperies of "important lacemeetings took.pVce At iS'lemingtomon Saturday,; i„ The .wfjither was favourable, and the attendance fras-good; In the Selhng jlace. which |vas the first on thp.programjne.inily two candidates" faced the starter, Qlorendim and fit: Albertj the foruiervyiuning by iilength and a half For the„HurclIes ten started, Leporrello being trst,.-"Woodbine second, au(i Mttroney-third. Foarless won -the Hnnt Cup( heating Nar- rung, Dollnr, and seven others. For the Flat ltacn, Fishwife, Toui-billon, and Blue Bell came in in that order, while in the Steeplechase the places Were lilled by Irishman, CurirsRy, and Headsman 11. In this event Royal Oak broke his nock. The Corinthian Flat Race Was won by Whisperer from liiue Hell and Oxford. Tin* calendar of the Criminal Sessio 'fr. for this nirtnth has a very dark 1\. ok from a colonial point of view. Twenty-six prisoners wore arraigned all being natives of Australia, and fourteen belonging to Victoria. The bulk of the charges were assault and robbery, and in tint cases of t-wo of them sentences for robbery with violence, were awarded seven years with fifteen lashes each. 