CHIT CHAT. THE Hon. Nicholas Fitzgerald sails for. England in the R.M.S. Valeita, to be present at the marriage of his son with the daughter of Lord Korth. He will return in a few months. SIB THOMAS AND LADY M'ILWRAITH will make a holiday trip to Japan next month. THE first exhibitions of loin'S Fireworks for the present season will be held in the Friendly Societies' Oardens on Derby and Cup nights, when several new and specially attractive features will be introduced. Several improvements have been effected in the stand and approaches, and a, large Chinese Pagoda, has also been erected on the lawn fronting the grand stand. A strong band, under the leadership of Mr. Julius Herz, will be in attendance,'and everything has been done by the management to insure the comfort and pleasure of the large body of visitors who are sure to be present. Miss LILY YANDELL, eldest daughter of the Mayor of Castlemaiae, was last week rescued from drowning in the local swimming baths by Miss Sinclair, who refused to accept any recognition of her bravery. DUKING a recent production of a dramatic version of "She," in London, Rider Haggard, in response to derisive calls for a speech, gave one, but was finally hissed off the stage. MELBOURNE has not a ghost of a show as far as Adelaide is concerned, for in the latter place the ladies are now beginning to go about armed. - Oulv let us picture to ourselves what a pretty sight it would be to witness our damsels doing the Block in Collinsr-street with a rifle slung over their dainty shoulders. However, to return to Adelaide, it appears that a real live ghost has been seen perambulating about Main-street; monarch of all hesurveyed. • It fell to the lot of lovely woman tpjrivA,' his ghostship " what for," for the story goes tH&ttfie;: other evening, the lady in question, on answering a door-knock, was astonished to discover a figure clad i n whii e. The Adelaide young lady being:a modem girl did not stop to bandy words with a ghost Bless you, no 1 she goe3 in for something more substantial, aud like the modern girl she is, she cares little or not whether he, she or it was " a spirit of health or gobliu dammed," or whether the ghost's intents were wicked or charitable. All that she did know was that he. she or it com'st in such a queslionable shape that she reached for her husband's gun and the visitor, ghost or no ghost, vanished like a beautiful visioD, leaving her ladyship master—we mean mistress, of the situation.' The Adelaide ghost seems somewhat partial to children,-but as the local police intend keeping their eyes about them the chances are that ere long we'll hear of the ghost appearing in a new sheet—the charge sheet. The spectacle of a ghost doing three months' hard lab >ur will, at all events, have a dash of novelty about it. SEEVANT-GALISM is the latest complaint with which the gentle confiding public of Melbourne are troubled with, and it is utterly impossible to get a girl for love or money. Already the newspapers are alive with letters complaining of the scarcity of fair crockery-breakers. Some of the people we have interviewed on the subject are under the impression that it is in " them fashions ;" that, in short, the girls are beginning to sit up, and in order to be fashionable have determined to go out on strike unless they get fashionable salaries ; others hold to the idea that the Melbourne Cup is mainly to blame for the girl famine with which we are threatened, that in fact the girls are sick of work 'and have thrown up everything in order to be able to go to the races. We all know that. We were going to say, " Jack is as good as his master," but we hurriedly correct ourselves and substitute, "Mary is as good as her missus." Why, from some letters in the Press we learn that it is intended to bring girls from home. We ourselves had occasion to start out on a girl hunt the other day, and partly arranged for the young lady to come and begm her duties on Monday. On Saturday, however, the postman put in an appi arance and we received the following post-card : " Dear Mrs. Blaukj I am very eorry I cannot keep my promise, I will not be able to come to live with you, for I will be married in two or three weeks'. My young man has just told me he has taken a house. From Nellie." There, and still the papers continue asking "Is marriage a failure?" and "Is there a material h^l!?" +1. v E E E ~ ar ® social evenings for policemen held at tne 1.M..C.A. rooms now. This enthusiastic body ot young men seems to think no case is altogether hopeless. hven a policeman may be saved—if taken in time," like diphtheria or whopping cough COLONEL LUANU NAI SIDDHI, of the Siamese Koyai Cavalry arrived in Melbourne a few days .ago per&s.; Bancoora" from Bangkok.. Some six years n Leonowens, an European in the employ ot the Siamese Government, came to this colony and purchased a large number of horses, harness and vehicles, one of the after results being the presentation of a fine elephant, by His Imperial Bigness the King ox Sjam, to our Acclimatization Society. Another result of the great satisfaction afforded by the quality of the first purchases is the present semi-official visit of Colonel Luang Nai Siddhi, who lias come not only to purchase a large number of horse?, ponies, vehicles and harness, but also to gather statistics and information locally about our Government, our resources, and about the working ot our penal establishments, lunatic a3ylums, hospitals, -&o; and fire brigades. The Colonel has already purchased a number of suitable horses and ponies and vehicles, and has given Mr. D. Altson, our leading saddler, a very substantial order for harness and saddlery. The Colonel, who is accompanied by his secretary, Mr. Nai Sanph ; under-secretarr. Mr. Nai Cherin ; Caph Goule. hfad veterinary surgeon to the Siamese Government : and an European clerk, has taken temporary residence at St. Kilda. Now that for the next few weeks we are likely to be racing mad, it may not be out of p'aceto tell how, and all through a racehorse, too, one of the most notorious and disreputably charactered places in Melbourne gained its name. It happened in connection with the first race meeting ever held in Melbourne,' March 3, 1840. One of the special attractions on the card was the " Maiden Plate," over which a deal of wagering took place, the prize eventually being landed by a horse called " Romeo." I'.rfcm this out it was Romeo here, Romeo there, in act ljomeo everywhere for (he-next week or so : W|ll,;0.n the evening of the race a party of happv individuals who had been imbibing freely got bogged ;tOsuch an extent in East Melbourne, that they were utiable to unearth their lodging*, and, as a climax, lost themselves in the Janes at the top end of Bourkestreet, running through to Lifcile Bourke-street Their uproarious hilarity brought the police down on them, aud they were there and then marched off to the lockup. Here a compromise was effected, and the whole of the party adjourned to an hotel close by and drank to it. After the police had left, the others made a night of it, and the losing of their way in the lane became 'the chief subject of conversation. The Bacchanalians set upon naming the lane that had caused them so much trouble, and, in honour of the hero of the dav, the racehorse, they decided to christen it lloineo Lane. Such it is aud you may break, you may shalter, &c.; ME. A. B. SUTHERLAND, we hear, has just had a transaction wiih the King of Sinm, through his representative, Colonel Luang N:a Siddhi, who is at present in the colony on official business. He has just sold for his Majesty's private use twelve very handsome chestnut ponies, of the Shetland breed from the Royal stock of Bonnie. Charlie. Mr! Sutherland is quite an artist io.his way. In the hurry aud turmoil of busy city life he still manages time to cultivate the fine art®, and his little hobby meanwhile ia the rearing of ponies, in which line it appears he has been fairly successful. We hear that at Fern tree Gully he can sliow quite a mob of these favourite ponies. 