THE SEARCH FOR MULLIGAN'S FORTUNE. Br W. T. P are, Well, ye see, yjer bonour, Paddy Mulligan lived always to himself-That Is, not silto gsher, as ye might say, to himself thoroughity all out, for he wouldn't refuse a pint, or a quart for the matcher of that. teom a fried now an' thin, but he didn't want to encourage mooh of a resort to hise idgin's. It waon't because they waor in a back ethbreet. for be wasn't proud. The dclakens a bit of coneate was In poor Paddy, bathe had the name of a haps of money, an' vobedy ever heard the jingle of it but him So It was a sort of coriosity to And rot how bhe was livin', but, 'cote enough, he kep' all to himself, like a hermit of the moontains, Whin he was in his tcp bask room. Now and thin ye'd ad him with an odd abillin', but, like a motherless calf, it was always alone. Paddy seemed to baer no relations, or, if e haad, he didn't encourage their soqualatanaes. But there's one thing certain -Paddy was full op of money, wherever on artb he managed to serape it up. Some say that be dShamin' onea night he fooad out where there was a orock of goold bid in the Dublin mountains-that he dog it up in the dark and carried it home in a bueket covered with water-creases. 'Yer haeklt"a very heary,' sih a polls to him one mont.' 'What have ye got in it ' 'Nothin',' sir Paddy. 'Jest let me look at nothin',' si the polio. Ab it's only sods for a lark I have in he bairet this mornin'.' 'Well, just for a lark, I'll have a look at him,' iz the constable. An' whia he seen the goold, ' Sit down on the ditch here,' sia he. 'm not gain' o steop In the force-I don'tlike it, and I hate to be an informer, so we'll divide the money an' say nothin'. Paddy acoldn't help it, so they squared it on the ditch. But that's only a bit of the uessip that got oat about him-just because his neighbours were jealouv, Two or three times he was on the pop of lalo' married, buhot somehow he tound out it wes the money the girls wor dhrivin' at, an' he .dhrew oct aof the job cn a sodden. ' He ebackmated thim,' as Lannigan the wax arse be say. Well, tho' he grew to he spurty steleowld bachelor, all his money, wherever he kept it, onuldn't bould the breath in ble body. Ano' one mornin' after wooderio' what was become ci him thro' not hevia'L turned up anbe the day befcr began, a polls brock open the dare, and found poor Paddy Mulligan ecatthered over the bed, a dead corpse. hrs. Kelly, the landlady, said, * His cowl must have tuck its flight In the night.' They had a powerful earth all over- the room fr lbhe moneay up l the top book zoom. An' afeher a terrniblesightof throuble, ,allU ibe wr!d that they could somes aiosa rile odrr and crinpeoed half penny in the lfthsand.eoallo pocket of his b hrowere.:; The ecmmrer brought b In lkwetround an' eat= on Paddy; but pba I They might as well be thryin' to scrape the silver off the JIMb. Nof a serap of each, or ary paper consrimin' ainy deposit, was founda either insaide the room or outside the room. Thie was the quarest thing at all. What In the world had become of his fortune t Was it tck by the fairies? Or where was It seattered to at all, at alt! Be hadn't been robbed, for his windy and dare %or bowlted all right whin he wars foond lyin' dead that mornin'. ,ome eaid may be the polis groshbed it let.i his mitten, or it might have been wperrlled away be the owld boy; for poor 'F.,Paddy wun t all out a oepmplate patthern in segard of his religious dotles. Be tbat arsit may, we're not gain' to judge the erathe, now he's goen; but what had become of his property was one of the dead Wajorts of the %threet where Paddy lodged. .$page said the .lndlady bad pot her mawlels on it, but are I hknow her well teself, for I was ecortin' her, till I throw burop, he larni' that bshe couldn't have stole e fook of it; an' ehe died in the poaohoose althber. Will,poor Paddy was ouly just pot into the ground for about fortnight, whin a atbtanger hem to 'the house, san' with big tears rowlin' doin his noee, hetowld Mrs Kerrigan, the landlady, that he was the list liein'.nephew of Paddy Muolligan his uncle. He discoursed heo for awhile, an towid her he ws preparin' for theChureh; an'. plok in' s prayer- book out of hise brast pocket, he axed her, with a moornful rose, to be Iallowed up to the room wherePaddy gee op his .ghost, so that be might pray a few rayber for the poor ouefrtunate sperit of his uncle. Well, he med soeb a poor moneth, en' woea so cut up in respect of wisbhin' to says his unole's eowl, that the widow eonldn't refuse the erather. 1o she brought him upelairs, amloeked the Boor, an' let him in. He gave three mng Ibaorhbyard sighe s f bits heart was brook. *A',' sie he, wid more big tearesbetin' down his noe, sia he, ' I don't want to.be dieterbed, Mrs. Kerrigan, while I'm at me prayers. An', wid eo late, I'd like to look enese.I In.' *' To he r ye may, en' welome,' sie she. A' the harried off downstairsa to answer a kook 'thai kem to the dore. Well, be hopple en'thrttl', sue enongh he was a quare long time wraelia' wid his payer, an' the wr waWe bagineln' to get impatient at the lydloune deay he wase -akiai An' she wae just halfway op the . -Wsle, when the feet we nearly took from nodhErhsr h be thefight it hearin' the molt 1 awfl sceaebin' aomlna' from the room where sh thbought -thsgnphew was syin' his prayes Wid the heart leppinabout inC her bauzzm she listened, an' abs heard a whippia' bawl of 'Holy saints In glory save mel Oh, Inte, let me out, an' I'll never dar to come near the plase agin :o look for yer money I Ooh oane, morcher alive I Murdher I Will no one ocme an' save me?' It was a very dark wiotber's night, and Mrs. Kerrigane took fils' jumps down the stairs that ye'd think she'd brake her neck. Thsheart was put across, an' she ran out witbong her bcoet to thry an' get a polls ma,soand, after sarchin' atout for some time, I he catchb one hidin' in a hall round the Scorner, havin' a amok.. 'Oo.ne round, I pole,' sis the, 'at once; there's mordher in e the house - The polls had only jost lit the pipe. He didn't like to be ditoalbed,forbhe was a proud sort of constabl.e, an picai' the coal out of his pipe, be squared himEelf op before her with a conealted torn, an' stalfin' the clay pipe in his bozzom, he oxed where was the Srow. SOh, don't I tell ye cf round the Corner a Sman baa been mrrdhtoEd op in the top a rotm. Come roud at tore, palle, cr sheetl be holy slauoghter.' °The polia prominded solemnly rmoound the e corner to Mrs. Kerigan'e hoeo. an' poin up the stairs, he put his shrwldher agn the dare d an' sint it in. An' there, op in the tiff d corner,bawlin' out for the bare life, was the e epbhew of his uncle, jammed sideways agin a the wainECot at tight that ye'd think he was a Browin' onut of ILt. His arm was stock thro' f a hole in the board tight up to the root of d she showldher, an' he roared that the ghost of his uncle or the divil had him cotch Into athe wall. S While all this fose and throuble was goin' onin:Mra. Kerrigan's house, a man belted ae orat rhenexthboueefcrtebarelie,neolyye I e might say, half-naked, in his shirt an' Sthrowuers. A' tarln' aroond for ancther u polios aslook would have it, he dhmropped on e the .sergeoant, , sipin' both ot his Smrecvsaoher, out of the back dsreof a pablio Sbhous, " bergeant, come round here. I want to show ys a rat that I've cotbhin a thrap, g an' I'm goin'to et the tarrier at him. Come Son, sergeant.' f The sergeant was of a sportin' torn, so She started off at onces to see athe rat-hnt, an' I suppose wid a sperrit of keepin' ordher If there wasn't fair play. Up he wint op the stairs to the top back room. His rompanion unlocked the dare. ' Look there, sergeant-ye see how I've soatab him.' At the same moment there was an echo of roare behind the wall in the next room. And banogn' over the shelf of a press in the wall, an 'tiedbys skelp, of, rope to the leg of the table, was the human hand of a Sman. Oh, not a word of le in t. It was notch there like a double headed rsvel. 'Whatsa yer namer sic the tergeant. S'Me name is Mick M Hugh.' S',Will, tall aso all abou it,' els the sergeant. Mick jpointed to some bhgs of coppers that wor lyin' on the table, 'Dye see thim money-bags, sergeant! SWell, I had them looked op in the press, aure enough, safe an' sound. An' I had only toured into bed, when I heard a SCsppin' an' eratebhin' at the back of the w press. I dida't mind it at firt, buhot, begar, whin I eerd some hard outtin' and seouffin' I theo' the board, I quietly unlocked the press, an' there Iseen the light of a candle thro' a hole already made in Ihe boord at the back of the press. 'An' afher a whilea. hand was thrusat if thro' the hole. The robber of the world had it only time to ketch howid of one of me money Swogs, whin I pot a stopper on his night's Swork hbe grippin' a sodden howlt of his flit. n Ihad piece of rope in the eupboord just e handy, an' I tied him to the leg of the table. Id Sergeant, wasn't it fortunate that I hap it piesd to be in so early, or I'd be desthroyed satirely t' a But where did ye manage to get all the tn bages of coppers!' sir the sergeans. SWell, I'm a charity collector, and thim Ls me rounde for the week. An' only look was on me side, to be in soon tbhis eveni', or I'd have got me elf into flamin' tbrouble.' A ll hir while there waii gre.t commotion in shenext room. n 'Well. now,' sic the sergeant, 'do you e keep an eye to the hand waile I go into the other house, an' let it loose whin Igive ye ;the word. I'll just find out who is it owns He thin wins op through Mrs. Kerrigan's 1D house, an' there he eemn the other polio in a it puzzle. tid thes elgbbonrs round Paddy's nephew, whee hi was stook egin the wall Slike a barnacle to a rook. ' Let go yerbhowld of him, MicLk M'Hrgb,' roared the sergeant, 'until we bring him down to the station.' it So Paddy's nephew, was throtted off p between the two polls wid.borglary an' faire Ie pretences, an' ther sarions orimes. 'What harve ye got to say why slintence shouldn't be pased uopon ye!' el the d magistrate.' ' , Well, ye see, yer worebip'shonoor, it's all v, ery simple In regard of how the matcher Shappened. Wbin I beerd of me onale's a death. I was cook mre, all out, that he moust b have left money bid somewhere in the mroom, t aI' I ninted an exoose that 1 was goin' to posy for his poor iowt that's in glory, an' ' whin I lcked meself In the room,- fair an' ast oy, I began tappin' the waeinscot sill I hem to a bollsrond. "Oh. bedad, I'm all right rh now for artain,'; ai I; an' I worked away wid the ehisel till I eooopd out a hole. He bheart got op in me mouth whin I felt the I Smoney.bags;: hobut whin I was eotoh ilathe other room I was sore It wai the gbhht of a. uneale that isa auardin' the bag.. That's all I have in regard of the whole consaro, roEe W prshi onour.' Well, worsbsoosll' op for a month for or deeaie n Mr.. Kerrlgan wid yer false poe. at ' Thank yer worship,' esi Larry; ea' he retired into private llfe for foer weeks. * Well, that wag the niLshin' sarkh for as Medligan's fortune. The itory's made me od thirsty ; I'll have ansihir pint, yer honour. 