The Marvellous Island. By Saundees F. Nicholas. CHAPTEn IV.— A GHASTLY DISCOVERY. WE BOARD THE WRECK. Being sailor lads . and used to climbing, we found but little difficulty in gaining the top of the rock, which we found to measure about, one-fourth. the area of the island. Nearly ' half of it was covered with a coarse, rank grass, while around and between the trees grew low shrubs and some strong trailing vines. To these trees we at once made our way. I was alittle in advance as we moved in under them, looking up the while at the nuts. My foot kicking something in the grass at the foot of one, I stopped. At the same moment Hal exclaimed : ' Why, what's that board on the tree in front of you, George r' Glancing 'down to see what my foot had struck, I was i ? _?/?_ j xv- ~ ? XLOmueu uy l/UU oi^nu vi c* uwauucu Aiuiuau onuii, ueur which lay one or two bones. Crying out ' A skull, Hal ! ' I sprang back for an instant, as though the hollow whitened bones had power to injure me. For a while we stood looking in wonder and pity at this which had once been a human being, situated as we were and as full of life and perhaps hope of escape as ourselves. Then, stepping wide of the remains, we went up to tho board. It was a broad piece of the stem of a cocoa palm, the smooth, hard part towards us, and it was secured by a long dagger-like knife driven through it into the tree. Some characters were rudely carved upon the board. I need hardly tell with what breathless interest we examined these. Tha letters were roughly cut by au unpractised hand, and for some time we could make but little of them. The wood had shrunk, and in one or two places had split with the heat and the many storms of wind and rain it had with stood. Bit by bit, however, we deciphered it. The terrible legend ran thus : — ' Ralph Trehearne, 2nd officer, marooned on this haunted rock 17th August, 1794, by pirate ship Scourge. May the devil 6ink her. Hanged myself. Look 3ft. N.' What a history of crime and blood- guiltiness, of ruthless murder, wild adventure, and cruelty, lay hidden — only just indicated — by those few rude scratches. And here at our feet was the outcome of it all for this Ralph Trehearne. Left to die on this lonely, sun- scorched, desolate rock, the life on which he found 60 terrible or so hopeless that he died by his own hand. The breeze rustled something over our heade. We looked up arid 6aw a thick plaited rope of cocoa fibre, with a loop at the end, swaying in the wind. Here, tnen, was the dead man's gallows. For nearly fifty years had it Bwung weirdly -over the bones of the man it had - sent to his last account; Thta was the pendant ropelike something I had noticed when getting; out of tho boat. Feeling sick with the horror of the place, we moved a little way off and sat down. This man, this hardy buc caneer, had found life not worth having here. What better had we to look forward to than he ? *' We have each other, GeorgCj' said Hal, taking my hand, as though the same thought nad been in the mind of each— as, indeed, it had. ... Yes, we had each other ; and, thank God, we had not such a past to look back upon. Yet, one could not but feel downcast to :be met with such a record, and these' ghastly remains of a former tenant of this desolate spot. The place seemed accursed. ' George, we are not going to give in. We are made of different stuff, you and I. We are going to see old England again yet, and the old home.' Ah, Hal had struck the right note. A something rose in my throat that had to be resolutely swallowed down, but returning the pressure of his hand, I rose. ' What's that it says about looking three feet north ?' I said. We looked just beyond the tree. There was nothing but the coarse grassand small shrub's and the loose earth, the deposit ot shed leaves of the palm trees and of birds' dung. 'It may be buried,' said Hal; and taking our sheath knives we dug for about a foot dowji, unearthing an old boarding pike, we iron head of which was eaten into and perished with rust, and the handle so rotten that it j crumbled as we picked it ap. — ac was nine ne nan iu leave, auu iiaruiy worm me trouble of recording on that board,' said Hal, as we rose from our search. Leaving this relic of the dead pirate, we Bought some means of gettingat the cocoanuts, for which we now felt a great longing, The trees were tall and difficult to climb, and we were as yet not strong enough to do it without assistance of some sort. We tried, but failed. So I went down to the lower platform rock and brought np the rope which we had with ns in the boat. Off this we cut a piece, and passing it around the tree, and then around my body, so that I could rest in the bighi of it^ I managed by elow stages to ascend, and yeiy glaa I was when my head brushed through the large pendant leaves, and I could touch tho great nuts. Throwing down all the tree bore, I de scended. Those in the Western part of the world who occasionally from caprice buy and taste the milk and kernel of the cocoa nut cannot realise what those nuts were to us. I have been at many well-spread feasts of luxuries and since then, but neither before nor since has anything been so delicious, or one-half so much enjoyed as were those nuts. Warned by our experience with the eggs, however, we re strained ourselves, fearing to overload our stomachs, weak ened by our long fast. Feeling greatly invigorated, we made our way down to the boat, and little by little we succeeded in hauling her up to the small docklike recess I have mentioned. Then taking my coat, which indeed was little more than a bundle of rags, from the chafing against the rocks — off the painter, we returned to the top of the castle rock again, and lying down under the welcome shade of the palm trees, we rested, talking over what it might be possible for us to do to better our position. It was evident to us that when the dead pirate was alive on the island there was that about the place which made him think it haunted, and though such a man as he might well have a memory and remorse that would cause him to people the isle with the ghosts of the victims of his cruelty, he being very likely a superstitious man and half -mad with the loneliness, yet we thought . tiiat it was the terrible noises and the shakings and quiver ings of the rock which caused him to think it haunted, and that being now fifty years ago, and the island clearly much as it was when he was on it, we began to hold the great noifiea and the tremblings in less dread. 