FOUL OF A WATERSPOUT. The following yarn ii told in the Daily Telegraph to "A Seafarer" by ! " bis friend the Second Mate":-"The j chief mate was a cheerful little Welsh-1 man-God rest his soul !-one of the most intelligent seamen I was ever as- sociated with, with as tender a heart as ever beat under a velvet waistcoat, and eyes so bright that I'd some- times think that the redness that ringed them waa nothing bat the scorch- ing of the skin by the flashing of his gaze. We were very good friends both of a rather poetical turn of mind, no very great rarity amongst seamen, though the conformedly strained man- liness of the sailor makes him feel sheepish even to be suspected of a romantic humour now and again. The skipper hovered about till ten, and then went below. I joined the mate, and we fell to quietly pacing the deck, talking of anything bat the weather, and the heat, and the calm, being sick of the things. Ko, sir ; our conversa- tion went to consideration of the sort of times we were to expect at Calcutta, and I was in the midst of telling him that I was thinking seriously of look- ing out for a mate's berth aboard a country wallah, where the month's wage sounded tall in the shape of rupees, when he interrupted me by coming all on a sudden to a dead stand, whilst he cried in a tragic voice that was scarce more than a hoarse whisper, pointing with a little arm as he spoke : ' My Cod, what is thatf His forefinger indi- cated a space of dusk that lay like an ink-stain upon the night that was dark as the sea-line everywhere else was ; and in the heart of this peculiar murky blotch I observed what looked to me to be two fine lines of flame close together, forking out of the sea, and lengthening upwards as one watched with a kind of throbbing pallor whence they proceeded, though this last was very elusive, and noticeable only when the sight went a little to the right or left of it. ' Hush !' said I, after straining my hearing a moment, whilst the mate stood watching stockstill, as though spellbound. 'Do you hear it V The noise I meant, which, though very faint, was audible enough amid the pauses of the flapping canvas on high. Think of a kettle boiling in a room next to the one you are seated in, and that will be the character of the noise I heard. As T spoke there was a flash of lightning right betwixt the two fine lines of fire, and the wild glare threw out the ponderous folds of a great cloud hanging, like masses of smoke ar- rested anil pressed down, above those strange and ever growing luminous stalks. 'A watorspout-two of them, it looks like,' cried the mate. ' How does it travel ? Why, liy all that's pre- cious? if its growth signifies its course, it's heading direct for the birque.' His vehement exclamations startled the men who had stowed themselves away about the decks for a nap, and voa saw e. flitting of dusky figures to the rail, and caught a note of alarm in the half- smothered growl of voices which came along. Saving, always, the swing of the swell, the barque lay os dead on the sea as a light- ship, not an inch of way on ber BO that there was nothing possible to be done in the way of manovring. ' Bat waterspouts don't shine,' cried I, to the mate. ' Yes, yes,' bc answered, 'yonder does, anyhow. It is the phosphorus in the water. I have seen such things again and again, glowing as though they had got a streak of lightning stowed away in their coil.' He continued to look ; then, with an oath, he cried out passionately that the appearance was heading for us, and, with a bound, gained the companion, down which he bolted, returningfaf ter a few breathless moments followed by the captain, who rose out of the hatoh like a ghost, habited in his shirt and drawers only. Believe me or not as you will, but what I'm going to tell you is as true as that I who walk by your «ide now, am a living man. The fire-tinctured stalks, as I will call them, had thickened with incredible rapidity, and looked five hun- dred feet high, distant as they yet were. There was a constant play of lightning over them, sometimes very fierce and brilliant, with sharp cracks of thunder, whose reverberations rolled over die polished undulations of the water with a sound of heavy bowls hurled along a resonant wooden stage. The stagnation around made the sight of that small rotating luminous tempest as wonderful as it was frightful. Every moment heightened the roar of the boil- ing at its base, and the indescribable yelling of the circular sweeping of the wind of this narrow tempest. Some of the men beat with handspikes furiously ripon the scuttle to arouse the watch below. I stood watching, scarce draw- ing a breath, captain and mate besides me both silent Indeed, there was nothing to be done. We might, per- haps, have fired a gun, but we hadn't such a thing aboard. The course of the spout was easily to be gathered by the sharpening of the mystical golden fires which illuminated the revolving columns, and by the whiting upon the right of the bed of foam out of which those vast liquid trunks grew, and by the increas- ing uproar of the maddened and seething mass of spume and of the thunder blasts over it following each jagged, barbed lightning-stroke with continuous detona- tions, comparable only to broadside after broadside delivered from a four decked line-of-battie ship. The spout came along slowly-if a single spout it were-with its two flaming limbs and one dense head of vapour. There was a bit of hope to be got out of this, for it might break and perish ere it reached us. The captain cried, ' My God ! what shall we do 1 How fast is it travelling, think you, Mr. Morgan ?' ' Eight miles in the hour -no faster, sir,' croaked tho mate, in the voice of a man sentenced to death. « It'll be aboard us ! ' roared someone forward suddenly in a pánica! way, and the cry was instantly followed by a frantic rush aft of shadowB as the figures of the men looked. Bat the boatswain of the barque, whose tones I recognised, cried ont, 'Jump for shelter my lads 1 Dow» with you under deck, or there'll be nee'r a life left to explain what hurt the. ship ;' on which many of the men sprang forward again, the captain saying nothing, and the mate as mute as I, for the lightning was crackling over our heads now, and the barque was plunging upon the heavy sea, flung in advance by the commotion, though there was not a breath of air yet, aa I live to tell it, and the spout almost within pistol shot! Well, I can only speak of myself now, for what followed was like a horrible nightmare, from which you start with the blood thick in your veins, without being able to recall a feature of the terror that awoke you. The mad im- i I pulse one 'got from the sight and Bound of the spout, and its horrible ac- companiments of whiteness at foot and blackness overhead, was for shelter, and my first spring was for the com- panion, with a cry to the captain and mate to follow tue. I was scarce four steps down when there happened a shock as though an earthquake right under the keel of the barque had toro her into staves. Just for one instant my ear caught the inexpressible hellish clamour of tons of sweeping water, of spars snapping like pipestemps-then wash ; the companion way was filled in a breath, and down I went, swept along and into insensibility by a flood that was a small Niagaga Falls in its way for weight Of course I wasn't drowned ; of course I regained conscious- ness ; but that was not so wonderful as that I should have crawled out of the cabin like a soaked fleece, a sane man, with every sense taut in him, instead of a grinning and gibbering idiot. I gained the deck. The night was breath- less. Ko sound came off the ocean, though the horizon hung black all around as before. It took me awhile to see, and then I observed that the barque was nismasted. The shadow of ber deck stretched out before me-a sheer hulk ! There were figures moving here and there. I halloed, and most of them came aft. But they were all too stupefied to answer questions ; they muttered in a dozed way. Who was missing 1 What had happened more than that the barque had been stripped to the condition of a naked hull was not to be gathered till the dawn came. But before the light broke we had rallied sufficiently to mau the pumps and keep them going Talk of a wreck ! Never did the sun rise upon a more pitiable sight than the barque made ; three jagged stumps where the lower masts bad been; a whole wilderness of wreckage over the side ; bowsprit gone, the whole line of port bulwarks smashed flat, deck house, galley, long boat, quarter boats-all vanished. The captain and the poor fellow who had been at the whoel were missing, their fate needed no guessing. But we found the body of the mate cruelly bruised and barely distinguishable as a human form, lying under a mass of gear. Well, to end the yarn, for it's nearly told, we passed three days of des- perate pumping, for the vessel took in water as though her bottom had been a 1 grating, and 'twas pump or sink, for we were without a boat. But on the morn- ing of the fouith day a steamer hove in sight, spied us, and came alongside. She : was just in time : we were mere spectres, with the strength of suoh things, and I believe if the next relief of the pumps had been called there would have been no answer." 