bgliSsTfiiAia. ^Wtxge Adventures of a; 1 House-boat. By William Black. I ClIAPTEU XV. I , 1 1 ut mirposc to embark with the? .hi tfcc =m',° /oi'l»l.-.v in prosperous pales I while FH''?/;^;; in*' the WclUm? sails ; And ^''fllito the 8bip' :l'd ''^ *' ? I mt «J|W «£* -^bfetle. and the tempests roar ! I \mcn the Tim' ™acreIi oath bus tied I -''- Hnu7l™p1 de'tiny our life shall -?uidc ; !«5ffiSto5 oTcommon »y divide. I L lands that lie between sleeping and waking r?, t Sthe dawn is low in the eastern skies V^iZL moving hitter and thither, and a sound |«fBBflC . fhe booted and belted fibres, with their rterlt^°lenand feathered caps, melt away into the P lS'!Som,the horn, the lusty, lusty horn,' is rT^noir-flBd at last the horse chorus ceases, and |*hTie ai««* but for a raompnt ; for bere is the I5''615 j.ni merrv-tongued Rosalind-in russet cloak r^nXved by her bewildered lover. « Hid rW , »\he savstohim; 'for if you will bo mar- ? Plo* tu shall; and to Kosalind, if you will.' II W'' v lira tbev gone when there is a blowing of r S iX and gradually nchly-cladnguresco.ne;, I* . v'a ma-ic light awakes; these are no longer,. rrafC The test but spacious halls; and the bridal I Le arrived. A murmur passes through the crowd. WXL of li?' falls upon* figure in white satin and I.; ;°c,,8 and, as the Duke leads her forward her I i mrtly removed, and the shining-eyed aud smiling I l!n-like Rosalind, now blushing as a bride, and yet Eusiuhervery yielding, advances to her lover with E«tdMd hand- ''r° y°u l %n'c myself' for * am I ?' \nd a^ain there is a hushed sound of music— of Kid instruments this timo-nnd presently the brilliant tblagc is moving slowly through a dance but ever Ed, the one nrfiant white figure attracting all eyes. As I ]0(,k- and listens, the gay-coloured company grows ter- the music, too-there is something strange about it Ens a monotonous sound-ur-r-r-r-r-r- and then again lie calling of a cuckoo-cuckoo, cuckoo-as if we wore Eli in the woods. And whither has gone that glare of fcht '' There are wan grays appearing— and wide spaces ; fee bridal party has dispersed; a new day has dawned. Indnowwe bow; the cuckoo is calling to us from out I dripping leaves; theur-r-r-r-ris a continuous rattling E the roof ahove us; those magic iires have been extra Eished by the heavy rain; and the ghosts have vanished Back into the night. ? 'For the last two mortal hours, I do believe,' says our lolond, as he is tying his shoes in the cramped cabin, ?' to brute has been at it ! Fancy a cuckoo calling in such ? deiiFe ! It can only be to make a fool of us.' ? Amfwhen one at length is dressed, and ready, and {roes ?nloihp saloon, perhaps it is with some vague curiosity to ?eevhetherourown ftesh-and-blood liosajind in anyway fcc-mbles that spectral white-satined Rosalind of the dawn. ?)ne finds Miss Pesrgy alone, and up at the further end of ?kesaloon. What she has been about is clear. There are Branches of alder projecting from the bank ; she has opened Hhe window just far enough to draw some of them inside ?id spread them across the pane, and is now contemplating ?kt ingenious piece of decoration. When she turns round Hosay ' Good morning,' her first concern is to dry her ?ripping fingers and wrers. ? 'A pleasant moning, Miss Peggy '.' ? 'Oh'! I don't mind,' she says, with her usual cheerful ?arciessness. 'After such a night as last night, 1 am Headv to forgive anything. Besides, where shuuld you have ?tumce with the weather if not here ? ' The penalty of ?dam-tho Season's difference.' I'm ready to take what Bonus. There's another tbiug : when it does rain, I like Ho hear it rain like that; a good business-liko downpour Hens to have it out and done with it. You'll sec we shall Him a fine day. I'm sure of it — certain of it.' H. No; there was very little that vus phantasmal about Ks highly matter- of-fact and well-contented personage. HVerh^ps if she had been clad in the costume which she ?We fora few minutes that evening at istratford, she ?right have looked a little like the dream -Rosalind who ?us figuring about in this neighbourhood before the day Hjfifo; but she was a much more actual and substantial in ?raiialify than theshining bride who had paled and vanished ?jriththecomingof tkedawn. There was ahealti'ul and whole H* pink in her peach-soft cheek that spectres do not Hjb&b-; The light that shone in her eyes ^and that was suf ?tatly Wight for all practical purposes) was not borrowed ?™-i any unholy glare ; besides, there was a selfcon Hj™eandacool audacity in her demeanour that no well - ?™ved ghost would display— for ghosts, if they are any ?™g at all, are sensitive, shrinking, retiring creatures. ?a ghosts — well-bfiliavwl ghosts— try to whistle when ?7-« drying their fingers. ? Ualln! wbat'a that':' say.s MissPoggv, turning sud ?™y round. ? A slight scraping noise had nl trarfod IipV :if trillion. And ?« ™t do we behold 'r— what but those branches of ?*?*''? slowly withdrawn bv an invisiblo hand. She HP™ ™8 extraordinary phenomenon for a second— until ?j^last leaf has disappeared— and then the truth flashes I ' ('m- Iwal is moving ! Are we off already r ' ? 'u even so. For it appears that Captain Columbus, mm anxious for an early start, has come quietly down ?™»aginne meadows, unmoored the Nameless Barge, and HtKT tUe stern- PolinS uer across t0 ihc tow-path, BfcasT. ttftv86 and ^orse-marine are waitiag. Perhaps it Khat T ? heTt° teen explained in this veracious chronicle Beta v' *' c^oso our moorings on the side opposite ?-«min 1 1 ' Bo that- in the improbable event of any barge HWr ,im tne m'gb.t, we should not be run into. fcZ ?( ? ? also amoved frem us the possibility of m\ ™ ,if visitors there could be in regions that showed no ?^oi human life. BsmtZ?^1?' a11 assembled, the chief topic of discussion ?ftienrnS ™ tunnels we shall have to encounter some ?CwZM.£urillS the day ; and Mrs. Threepenny-bit, Have NnTTS^8 she has hoard, Beems a little apprehen ? '. Vi ?° *'s& Peggy. H«aTs T^f0^4 you distrust the boafr' the young lady B^nodW11 tRh? done very wel1 80 far? 1'herehas H%ahit a , aU' excePt once or twice when she tilted B^JshoaM ^ dW nothing but break a few dishes' H^els V' ^ou tnm^ tnere was any risk in going through B^Hillf,18 ¥' Miss Peggy,' one says to her:—' The ?tQile and r?e iaccordinS to Captain Columbus, is over ?^niostliwju long' andit is absolutely dark. We ?Wes-Jf,, rZy r,tacked on to the end of a long string of ?Si then T be on the Worcester and Birmingham B^' and tvf668-!11'11 have been waiting for the steam ??^^likpW. lof al°ag sea-serpent of that kind is Bl^l k « i.not,to floP about considerably, especially as BMeumLrv Ight aPPendage to those heavy craft. B^tuTelV1 ngets m extra hard knock against the wall W^ t0 fill anil -i ing ^ Po^veiy certain, that, if she m't' ^'ned p n k- everj' person on board must inevitably B- fies. the S°Wi ''^dyou be picked up in the darkness ? ?a^an\thin ? on board tixe steam-lunch wouldn't B^'^'hanrn atwas naPPemng; they would con ?tii.g.1, away, even supposing the boat was under B^^dl^ °,ur Colonel, 'if she were to sink, the B ??Ver&.^ke itself felt!' Uf*- ! Put fto!?ere would you be in the meantime? How ? rlittfposeo*f-^'lslderation8 before you people not for H '^r'U alitti'' ^gntening you, but in order to recommend B'!rja*ouie ^^oa sense. There is no need why any ? '* ne*4 be nnT a ^mte unnecessary risk. Only one per B board the boat to steer. Tery well; the owner of this noble craft proposes to accept that responsi bility for the better security of his own property. All you people— Columbus and Murdoch as well ; for the horse marine will have gone on with the horse— you people will be safely on board the steam-launch: that is how you ought to go through.' 'Amongst a lot of Birmingham bargemen!' cries Queen Tita. ' They'll be all fighting and swearing !' ' If you allow me to accompany you,' Colonel Cameron says, in his quiet way, ' I think you may make me answer able for the preservation of the Queen's peace.' 'Please,' says Miss Peggy, looking up, and addressing the person who proposes to take charge of the boat through the tunnels, -'if I'm not in thevavmay 1 stay with you 'r' ' liow touching ! How very touching !' observes Mrs. Threepenny-bit, with her usual gratuiious malice. ' It quite reminds one of the devotion and constancy of the Nut Brown Maid. Oh, quite touching !' At this impertinent taunt the young lady blushes vividly (which she would not have done had it been uttered in the presence of Jack Duncombe), and hastily she makes answer — ' I want to see the fun, that's all.' ' Well, now,' says Colonel Campron, to sum up the matter, 'do you thinlc it is worth whiio for any of us to desert the ship ? A little spice of danger is rather pleasant at times ; and, if there is such a thinsi-,' we ought all to run an equal chance, don't you think ? Of osurse, if you ladies would rather go on board^the stenm-]:nr.ii;h, I will so with you' ? 'I, for one,' observes Queen Tita, in distinct tones, ' am not going on board the st.;i!ii- lau!n!i among those men.' 'And I would much rather lvmtiin liwo.' says the Nut Brown Maid, modestly. ' Very well,' he says, ' that is a bargain ; we will stay and keep the steersman company. And I donrt think you will find either Murdoch or Captain Columbus wanting to run away.' When we went outside after breakfast we found the morn ing had cleared up wonderfully; ihoro were breaks of vivid blue overhead; shafts of sun lijj. lit here and there; andubrisk wind stirring the foliage of (he wide, richly-wooded country. 3y this time we had got on in Kuigtwood Junction, where the Birmingham and Warwick and Birmingham and Strat ford canals are connected ; and shortly thereafter, as we struck away t:o the north-west, wo had to climh a series of stepsand stairs, getting thereby into a long level stretch of 10 miles without u single lock to bar our way. This was a very beautiful landscape that lay all around us, if it was not particularly romantic or impressive; and the day was growing finer ; indeed, the *un was almost too hot at times, and we were glad of the cnol wind that stirred the trees and put a silver ripple on the water. Occasionally the woods seemed to c'ose in upmi us ; the light breeze did not get at the surface of the canal ; on the contrary, that perfect mirror reflected every leaf and twig and branch of the overhanging oak and aider and ash. Now and again we came to a little oJd-fashioned bridge, of weather- tinted red brick — a pleasant colour among all these greons. And then we would find ourselves between steep and high hanks, all hanging with leaves and tendrils and spring blossom— here and there a golden blaze of furze or broom, more rarely a cream-white mass of the sweet-smelling hawthorn. *Of course we were all ashore now — sometimes overtaking the boat, sometimes allowing it to glide iar ahead of us— the only living and moving thing in tho solitary world. This part of the country is rich in song-birds, * All the air was filled with their ringing ; near and fur, from bush and copse and hawthorn bough, and from Ihr far white spaces of the sky, poured an inexhaustible si ream of melody, a universal rejoicing after the rain. And Mi as Peggy was singing, too, at times, in a careless fashion, when you happened to cease chatting to her, --r when she stooped' to gather speedwells irom the warm and sunny banks. ' 0, it 's I was a walking one morning in May' — this was what she was at ; and probably she was not in the least con scious that she was in a measure imitating Jack Duneombe, any more than she was aware that those speedwells she was gathering were not anything near so blue and translu cent as her eyes. ' Well,' she said, at last, when she had gathered her little nosegay, and was free to walk on without more ado, ' it was very nice of them.' ' Nice of whom 'r' ' Why, the people who cut this winding' lane through all this beautiful country, and then filled it with -water so that you could float along it, and then left it for us. It was very kind of them, and very lucky for us that we can have it all to ourselves.' ' Wait till you get on to the Birmingham and Worces ter— you'll have some company then.' ' iJough company ? No, T don't think so. All those I have seon have been very civil.' *' It doesn't much matter. I have told you before, if there's any bad language you won't understand a word of it — it will be in the dark dialect of Brummagem.' ' Talking about bad language,' Miss Peggy says, in her off-hand way, ' do you know why it's useless to try to block up the river Niagara 'r' ' Oh, go away with your preposterous conundrums !' ' But, really, can't you guess ?' she says, with innocent c-yes. 'And why should you despise conundrums \ Is it because you're not very clever at finding them outr' ' Wel], there's something in that. As you grow a little older, young lady, and gather experience of the world's ways, you'll find that the great majority of people comfort themselves by despising every thing of which they are ignorant and everything they can't do. It's a whole some rule of life ; it makes for content. Suppose you can't hit a haystack at 30 yards and' can't throw a fly, your best plan is to call field-sports brutaiising, and a survival of tho instincts of the savage. Suppose, on the other hand, you can shoot and fish and ride to hounds, and all the re.st of it, and yet you can't make anything out of Carpaccio, then you may safoly call lovers of the fine arts iiistbetes, prigs, and effeminate creatures generally. If you can't drink wine, elevate your absti nence into a religion, and look upon your self as a marvel of virtue; if you can't get on without wine, you may hint that teetotalers, if all were known, might bo found to be no better than they should be. If you are a scientific person ? ' ' I'm not,' says Peggy. ' Don't interrupt. If you are a scien tific person, you can make light of the practical value of the Greek and Latin literature ; if you are learned in the humanities, you may call science a mere blind empiricism— the workings of a mole in the dark. If you're a plain woman, you can't be expected to approve of wax dolls; if you're a pretty woman, you may suggest that the plain women would prefer to be a little more like wax dolls if they could. It is a pleasing habit — and widspread ; it tends to the general comfort and content.' ' And that is why you don't like con undrums?' continues Miss Peggy (who does not seem so much impressed by this sermon as she might be). ' Because you can't find them out? Well, I wouldn't confess, if I were you. I would rather try a little. Come, now, I'll make it easy for you. I'll give you a friendly lead. Why is it you needn't try to block up the Niagara river— j.ut a hindrance across it, don't yon see ?— somefhiDg- to stop it' ? ' Oh, get out with your nonsense.' ' But don't you see the answer? — think a moment. It's as plain as anything ! Must I tell you, then ? The reason you needn't try to block up the river Niagara ? — 'Well, because dam it you can't!' One contemplates this person. She is young, and fair to lonk upon. There is even an appearance of maiden guile lcssness on the ecio ith white forehead and in the shining eyes. But how so seemly an exterior can enclose a mental and moral nature so lost to all sense of shame is a problem too distressing to face. One walks on in siience. 'Of course,' she remarks, proudly, 'if you choose to put wicked meanings into what I say, I can t help it. 'Live and learn,' one answers her. 'It is always pleasant to watch the new development of manners— the conduct of the coming generation. And I wonder what Colonel Comeron will think' ? _ In an instant her attitude is entirely changed. *? Ah, you wouldn't be so mean !' «' Don't you think he would be interested r' one asks of her. impartially. 'A kind of small revelation in its ' No,' she saya— and her earnestness of entreaty is not whollv a pretence— 'you're capable of a good lot, but not of that. You couldn't be so mean! Tales told out of school ! Well, look here, if you will promise not to tepeat that to Colonel Cameron, I will promise never to ask you another conundrum as long as I live. And I've got] Eome very good on«s,' she adds, demurely. ' AVhere did you get them ? From some funny young man in Brooklyn 'i' ? ' ' No, it wasn't — it was from a girl.' 'What kind of a girl?' ' I won't tell you her name ; you would recognise if. She made nearly all of them herself.' ' And all of the same character i' ' Most of them. Well,' continues Miss Peggy, with Murdock and Columbus at the bow. . ££:~ m«; returning confidence, 'there's really no harm in 'them, except what you choose to put there. JNrot a bit of harm. Say, are you going to write a book about this trip ;' ' It is possible.' ' If you do, will you tell those things about me?' ♦' I daren't tell all I know about you — certainly not.'r 'Ah, but that's just what I want,' she says. ' If you told everything, then the reader would recognise before him the picture of an absolutely perfect human being. That's me. I have always been like that, and you know it ; for 1 have told you before. But I dare ray you will go and distort things, and make ine out a villain if you can, whereas you know better, if you would only be honest.' She had got a bit of thread, and as she walked along she was tying the speedwells together. ' I wonder, now, if you can guess why Robinson Crusoe was startled when he saw the footprint in the sand ?' ' I thought you made a promise a little while ago,' one says to her. ' Oh, that's all very well,' rejoins this impenitent creature. 'Why, you are just dying to hear 6ome more of them. But you shan't. I won't tell you another one. And then, of course, if you do say a word to Colonel Cameron— but no, you couldn't be so mean as that, even it' you tried.' Then she adds, irrelevantly — ' I say, are you going to let me stay outside and see what's going on, while we are in those tunnels r'' ' If you are good ; and if you put on a waterproof.' ?' We'll, shouldn't we get into the boat again and have everything ready ? Besides, I have a letter to write that I want to have posted at King's Norton.' It was not, however, until a long time after that— and after some miles of pleasant sailing through a richlycul tivated and cheerful-looking country— that we drew near to the first of the tunnels. This was found to be a suffi ciently simple affair; moreover, we had the whole passage to ourselves ; for we were still on the Birmingham and Stratford canal, where we had encountered but little traffic. And yet it was with a strange and eerie feeling that we left tiie warm white air and shot under this low archway into a cold and clammy darkness that was pierced far away ahead by a needle-point of light. Our method of propelling the boat is technically known on the canals as ' legging;' that is to say, Captaiu Columbus and Murdoch lay on their backs on the roof of the saloon and shoved wilh their feet against the dripping brickwork encircling us. We inai e no great speed; in fact, there was so little way on the bnw. that steering was next to impossible; on the other hniul, there was an abundance of bumping from side to sid^, though our colonel did his best, »vifh one of tho polos, to mifipite those cruu-iissions. And (Jius \vr, crept alone. ' Why, it's nothing at all,' said Miss Pefnry— iior voice echoing stransply in 'his hollow-sounding vaull. ' WJicih is the danger ! ' .She was answered by the boat again swinging against the sido of the tunnel* in a fashion that, would probably liavo tipped her into tho wsitpr had she not bpcu --lingiu'j on to I ho iron rod; but she still m-iintiiiuod there was no thing to be afraid of ; and also that the mysterious light somehow reminded her of Venicr. But all this while the white pin-point far ahead of us had been gradually growing larger and more brilliant ; still larger and larger it grew, until it seemed to be a soit of circular channel leading out into a bewildering glare of greenish \ellow; one could make out more clearly now one's environment of moist and dripping brickwork'; and then, vritk a kind of soft glory dazzling our eyes, we slow ly emerged into the wann glowing world again, to find our selves surrounded by hanging masses of sunlit foliage. Murdoch rose from his recumbent position on the roof, and looked back at the tunnel through which we had come. ' It's an awfu' place that,' we heard him say, in awe stricken tones, to Captain Columbus— doubtless he had never been in a tunnel before. ' Oh! that's nothimr, lad,' said Columbus, who was now also standing erect, and shaking the grit and water from his clothes. 'That's only a baby tunnel. Wait till you come to the West Hill.' Then we went on to King's Norton, and, having to post Miss Peggy's letter, we strolled along and up to the village. We foundit a quaint, litrle,;out-of-the-world-looking place, with a wide green, surrounding that a number of old fashioned brick and timber houses, and dominating all a well- proportioned church. In the post-office there were some newspapers for sale— weekly newspapers ; but we had lost interest in the great and busy world we had forsaken ; and these heavy compilations of paragraphs did not seem attractive. When we got leisurely back to the boat again we discovered that Captain Columbus had taken advantage of our absence to bait the horse, so that we were enabled to resume our voyage forthwith. It was about a mile after that — and we were now on the Worcester and Birmingham canal— that we came in sight of the entrance to West Hill Tunnel, aud likewise per ceived that (here were a large number of 'barges waiting for the steam launch to return and take them through. As yet there was no line of procession formed, and as we could discover no master of ceremonies, we took up a modest position by the bank opposite the tow-path, and awaited instructions. Our neighbours paid us little heed; as it happened, there was a contest of wits going on ; and as the rival jesters were far apart, and had to bawlout their merry quips, they won loud and general laughter by their efforts. With our strictest attention, however, we could make nothing of thri=e recondite japes. We wanted seme in terpreter, as in the homiletic Oesta Rmnanorum, to come in with ' Carisrimi' and an explanation. Meanwhile, at Qneen Tita's request, Murdoch had lit the candles in the saloon ; but this was to be merely an experiment ; for one knew not whether the light might not subsequently prove to be a distraction to the steersman responsible for the safety of these people. ' Look there !' cries Peggy. ' Look at that pony ! Did you ever see anything more picturesque in Italy?' And a picturesque little animal it was — a piebald black A black and grimy little steam launch. and ?white, with cream-coloured ear-coverings and crimson f tassels, brass ornaments on its forehead, blue and white , ribbons at the side of its head, a bunch of hay hanging' from its collar, a nose-tin of burnished copper suspended from its neck. Quite a gay little creature it was, and a marked feature in the slow procession of animals that now left the side of the canal to go forward and await us at the other end of the tunnel. Then appeared a black and grimy little steam launch ; there was an interview with Columbus and a production of papers ; we were furnished with a lamp to be fixed at the bow ; and thereupon the burly little [steamer proceeded to head the long line. How that line was formed it was hard to Bay, but it was clear that we were to be at the tale end of it ; and, indeed, as barge after barge tnovedaway, w«s had no more than time to throw a rope to the last of them and get attached. The huge black snake before us seemed to be disappearing into the bowels of the earth with a marvel lous rapidity ; one had to stear as straight as one could for the small and narrow arch at the base of that mighty mass of masonry; the semicircular opening seemed to close around us, and the next moment we were in darkness. This sud den plunge into the unknown was sufficiently startling, for now there was no welcome star of light far away ahead, while the red glow in the saloon told us nothing of our whereabouts or our proper course. TVe only knew there was a wall around us, for we grated along this side, and then banged against that, and altogether the situation was unpleasant. But matters mended a little. Whether the smoke from the launch had lessened or not, one could at length moke out, at a considerable distance along, two dull spots of orange, doubtless two lamps, and these at least gave some indication of our course, and some guidance for steering. The worst of it was that this light boat at the end of these heavy barges would not properly answer her helm ; the ' swing' they gave her was too powerful ; and all that could be done was for Columbus and Murdoch at the bow, and the Colonel astern, to keep shoving with hands or feet, as occasion offered, to prevent the boat from tearing herself vo pieces against the almost invisible wall. Not a ' word was spoken, for no one knew what might happen the next second, the only certain thing was that, whatever might befall, we were powerless to avert it. In the previous tunnel, while we were being ' legged' through, if we had come to a difficulty we should have 6topped to consider; now we were being dragged irresistibly along, by a force with which we had no possible communication. ' I say,' at length remarks Miss Peggy, who is standing on the steering thwart and holding on to the iron rod, ' do you see those two small lights far away along there V' ' I should hope so. They 're all I 've got to go by,' ' Well, hut if you take your eyes off them for a moment you'll see other two lights in the dark, of a curious pale purple.' ' I suppose you know what complementary colours are ! ' ' This is a far mure ghostly place than the other. I wish we were out of it,' she says. Suddenly, into the hollow-sounding vault, there springs a fibrill, high, plaintive note, and we find that one of the younger bargemen has begun to relieve the tedium of this mediterranean passage by a pathetic ballad. So silent is tha tunnel, for there is only a dull throbbing far away of the engine of the steam launch, that every word can be distinctly heard ; and by guessing here and there at pecu liarities of pronunciation, one can make out easily enough the main current of these stories. For it is not one but many pieces, that this'Brummagem Orpheus, descended into the depths of ihe earth, has in his repertory ; and generally they are found to deal with the trials, and ex periences, and sorrows of a young man : — ' My father died a drunkard, And I was left alone, lo fight the world all by myself, With ne'er a house or home.' Or again the high, shrill, nasal vaice would tell how this hapless young man was entrapped into going to sea : — ' The captain said as I was bound To go for seven years.' There was very little love-making in these ditties ; indeed, in the only one that partly touched on this topic there was a most ungallant reference to the maids of merry England. It ran somewhat in this fashion : — It was a lass of Coventry, As fair as fair could be. And on a Sunday evening, , She walked along o' me ; 7 I asked Uer then, she gave consent, ?- She was ae Rood as gold ; r How little did I ever think That she should grow so cold. ' Now, Jane, fulfil yourpromise, The promise you gave me, Or I will turn a sailor, And pail awav 'to sea,' ' 0 Torn,' she said, a-cryine, ' My heart will burst in tno. For I love Jim the carpenter As once I did love you.' Now all you gay younp mariners That sail upon the main. I pray you keep yourselves abroad, And ne'er come home again ; From port to port you'll meet with girls That are both kind and free ; But the girls of this old England t They'll ne'er get hold o' me. The doqrpf the saloon is opened, and a dark, small ilgure appears against the dull glow. ' Peggy,' Bays Queen Tita (who has been at the fon ^ard window, vainly peering out into the blackness) 'isn't /-his dreadful? I can see no sign of anything; and the bi'»at will be smashed to bits before we get out. Can you si* anvtbing ?' ♦?Nothing but the two small lights in the distance — two lamps, I suppose. I'm afraid we're not near the end yet.' 'But the tunnel is only a mile and a half long; even with this crawling we should be through in three quarters of an hour at the most.' ' I 'm afraid we haven't been in the tunnel anything like that,' says Peggy ; and she is right. *? May I come up beside you ? ' ' Oh, no, please don't' the girl says at once. 'I can't see where the board is ; you might slip. I dare not move hand nor foot.' u 1 hope it will be 'my last experience of the kind,' the other says, with some decision, and she goes back into the And still our unknown friend with the high and nasal voice pours out hie heartless narratives, one after the other. 'When he ceases there is a dead silence ; no one attempts to interfere or help ; perhaps this performance of his i 6 acknow ledged and has brought him fame among the bargemen of the west. Nor does he ever relapse into the comic vein. Life has been serious for these young men of whom he siners. Hard work, poor wages, tyrannical masters, and the temptations of drink in seaport towns have wroueht them many woes. And yet they do not complain over much ; it ie the hand of fate that has been against them ; they relate their experiences;as a warning or as a consolation to others in similar plight. Indeed, we were highly pleased with these simple ditties, thinking, as we may have done, or{tae g-uastly lacenousness, the cynicism, the knowingness that delight the gin-sodden London music-haller. And so we fought our way on through this echoing and interminable cavern, striving to steer a middle passage between those walls that seemed to tear at the side of the boat as with ponion claws ; and ever we were looking forward for the small spot of light that would tell us of the near-coming of the outer world. It war, Miss Peggy who caught sight of it first. ' There it is ' — look !' she cried. Then one could make out — apparently at a great distance away— a sort of miniature bull's eye, of a dullish hue, that disappeared now and airain behind clouds of smoke ; but ever, as we glided or grated along, it was growing larger and larger ; and the saffron hue that it showed was becoming more and more strangely luminous, so that the two lamps we had been following for so long had become invisible. And now we can make out an archway filled with a confused yellow light; the black barges nre sailing towards it and through it ; some times a bronze-hued smoke obscures the open ing, and again there is a eolden elare : finallv — but with eyes dazed with the sudden splen dour of colour — we sail out into the placid beauty of this bit of Worcestershire scenery — the green wooded banks, the brown water, and the overhanging trees all warm in the light of the afternoon sky; and the candles, ineffectual and unheeded, still Imrniug in the now forsaken saloon. 'Weli,' says Queen Tita, with a sigh of relief, 'now that -we have come sately through, I'm glad we have done it.' Miss Peggy comports herself more bravely. 'I'd do it again to-morrow,' she says. ' Then you shall,' one answers her. 'What' do you mean?' she says— just a little taken aback. ' To-morrow we have two more tunnels to go through.' 'Oh, indeed,' she says. 'But perhaps they are the simpler ones, where we can push the boat through by our selves?' She was persuaded in the end, and she went and got the banjo.— Chapter XV. The Stbakgb Adventures op a House-boat. 'Certainly not; we shall have to be tow 3d throughby a Bteamer.' 'Peggy,' sajs Mrs. Threepenny-bit, maliciously, c - when I said I would die a bachelor, 1 did not think Jl Bbould live till I were married.' ' ?'Come on, a hundred tunnels!' says Miss Peggy, laughing. ' Do you think I am afraid ot them ? But I confess that it is a good deal nicer to be ont here in the warm air.' That,_ however, was not precisely the question that was concerning the more responsible members of this travelling party. On overhauling the Nameless Barge with such carefulness as was possible, we found that apparently she bad sustained no serious damage during her subterranean voyage, although she bore abundant marks of ill-usage that did not improve her appearance. On raising the stern - sheets— which was the readiest way of ascertaining what water was in her— it was discovered that there had been no unusual leakage ; so that we hoped she had suffered nothing but what could be put right by a little mending and scrub bing and a coat of paint. 'We were therefore free to con tinue our voyage in peace. And peaceful, indeed, and very beautiful, was that after noon's sail. In this neighbourhood the canal winds along a high embankment, formed on the side of a hill; and there were wide views over the far-stretching and undulating landscape — the deep valleys near us enclosed by distant cultivated slopes, here and there crowned by a bit of wood. The evening was mellow and golden ; we had allowed the barges to get away ahead of us, so that we were once more by ourselves; after the rough-and-tumble work of the day, we were glad to resume our quiet gliding through the silent and shining country. When it became a question of halting for the night, It mattered little to us where we moored ; we were once more alone. Captain Columbus hinted that there was a small place not far off, called Alve church, where he could get stabling and also accommoda tion for himself and the Horse- Marine ; and so -wo assented; and chose a part of the bank where tb ere were 6ome bushes ; and soon the Nameless Uarge was again at rest. After dinner that evening Mrs. Threepenny-bit must needs have Peggy bring out her banjo, which had remained in its case since our leaving Ktratford-on-Avon. Miss Peggy seemed a little loth. When Colonel Cameron joined in the request, that did not improve matters much — rather the contrary, as it appeared to us. And yet she was per suaded in the end: and she went and got the banjo; and then, with a timidity we had never seen her exhibit ^this was not like our Peggy at all !), she began and sang the old familiar and simple 'Mary Blane ;' and very well she sang it, too — notwithstanding her shyness — with herricb contralto voice. Colonel Cameron seemed a little surprised. He had not heard our Peggy sing before. And certainly ihere was something1 in the quality of her singing a little finer than the shrill and nasal tones that had rung along the hollow -sounding underworld through which we had passed; though even now that experience seemed so recent that we could almost hear the long and plaintive drawl — Xow all you gay young manners That sail upon the main, 1 pray you keep yourselves abroad And ne'er come home again; From port to port you'll meet -with girle That are both kind and free ; But the girls of this old England They'll ne'er get hold of me. That was interesting in its way; and indeed we were grateful to the unknown young Orpheus for enlivening our black voyage ; but we preferred to be amongst the silences once more ; entirely by ourselves in this floating little home ; with the cheerful lamps lit, and cigars, and things ; and with Peggy— her voice deep-throated as a nightingale's— to lend another charm to the last lingering half-hours together, ere we parted for the night. (To be continued./ Wife: 'John, do you know that this is the anniversary of my wedding day?' Husband: 'Why, no, it isn't. We were married in March,' Wife: 'I am speaking of my first husband, John.' A More Appropriate Prefix. — ' I hear that Pooreman is going to be married. Have you seen the lady?' 'Oh, yes. indeed .' I know fier very well.' ' Do you ? And what kind of a looking person is she? Prepossessing, eh ? ' ' Hardly that. Purse-posseseing I should call her*' 