Ii STORY OF A Ml. By BEET HASTE. [Copyrighted, 1888, by Houghton, Mifflin£Co.,and published by arrangement with them.] i ? CHAPTER L ? ? ! WHO BOUGHT IT. JT was a steep trail leading over the Monterey coast range. Concho was very tired, Concho was very dusty, Concho was very mochdi^gusted. To Concho's mind ,j there was but one / relief for these in surmountable diffi culties, and that lay in a leathern bottle slang over the machfllas of his saddle. Concho raised tih© bottle to his lips, took a long draught, made a wry {ace, and ejaculated: 'Carajol' It appeared thai the bottie did not contain aguardiente, but bad lately been filled in a tavern near Tres Pinos by an Irishman who cold bad American whisky under that pleas ing Castilian title. Nevertheless, Concho had i already nearly emptied the bottle, iand it fell back against tie saddle as yellow and flaccid os hie own cheeks. Thns reinforced, Concho turned to look at the valley behind him, from which he climbed since noon. It was a Sterile waste bordered here end there by ara ble fringes and valdas Of meadow land, but in V' the inain dnstyydry and forbidding. His eye , ' toted ;f»r a 'moment on a low, white cloud ^ line on the eastnnTliorizon, but so mocking and unsubstantial that it seemed to come and go as he gazed. Concho struck Iiis forehead and winked his hot eyelids. 'Was it the Sierras or the cursed Amerioan whisky! Again he recommenced the ascent. At times . ? . , , the. half-worn, balf-inviEible trail became ufc '* terly' lost in the bare 'black outcrop of the ridge, but his sagacious mule soon found it again, .stepping upon a loose bowlder, she slipped end felL In vain Concho 'tried to lift her from out the ruin of camp kettles, prospecting pan® ^ picks}' she remained quietly recumbent, occasionally raising her head as if to contemplatively glance over the prid plain below. Then he had recourse to useless blows. Then he essayed profanity of a p-viilpr kind, such as 'Assassin,' 'Thief,' 'Beast with a pig's head,' 'Food for the Bull's Jlorns,' but with no eJtoi ? Then he had recourse to the curse ecclesias tic: 'Ah, Judas Iscariot Sis it thus, renegade and traitor, thou leavest me, thy master, a Jeague from cainp and supper waiting? Stealer of the Sacrament, get up 1' ' Still no effect. Concho began to feel un easy; never before had a mule of pious line Bge failed to respond to this kind of exhorta tion. He made one more desperate attempt: 'Ah, - defiler-of the altarl lie not there! Ixjokl? he threw JiiB hand into the air, extend ing the fingers suddenly. 'Behold, fiend! I exorcise thee! Hal tremblestl Look but a lit He now-seel Apostate) IIexcommnni cate thee— Mula!' 'What are you Molting op such a devil of ? tow down there forP said a gruff voice from ' tii0 rocta above. Concho shuddered. Could it be that the devil was really going to fly away with his mule. He dared not look up.' 'Come now,' continued the voice, 'you just let up on that mule, you d ? d old Greaser. Dont you see she's slipped her shoulder?' ^ ' ' ; Alarmed as Concho was at the information, he could not hdp feeling to a certain extent, relieved. She was lamed, but had not lost her standing as a good Catholic. He ventured to. lift his eyes. A stranger— an Americano from his dress and accent ?—was descending the rocks toward him. He was a slight-built man with a dark, smooth lace, that would have been quite common place and inexpressive but for his left eye, in 1 which all that was villainous in him ap parently centered. Shut that eye, and you had the features and expression of fin or dinary man; cover up those features, and the eye shown out like Eblis' own. Nature had apparently observed this too, and had, bya paralysis of the nerve, ironically dropped the corner of the upper lid over it like a curtain, laughed at her handiwork, and turned him Joose to prey upon the credulous world. : 'What are you doing here?' said the granger after he had assisted Concho in bringing the mule to bar feet, and a helpless bait 'Prospecting, Senor.' ' , The stranger turned his respectable right eye toward Concho, while his left looked unutterable scorn and wickedness over the landscape. 'prospecting, what for?' 'Prospecting, what for f' 'Gold and silver, SenoJ*-yBt for silver , most.' . ^ 'Alone!' 'JOf ns there are four.' Tbe stranger looked around. '' ? 'In camp-a league beyond,' explained fiie Mexican. ? 'Found anything!' l ! tiQi this— much.' Concho took from his (addle hags a lump of grayish iron ore, studded here and there with star points of pyrites. The stranger said nothing, but his eye looked a diabolical suggestion. 1 'You are lucky, friend Greaser.' 'Eh?' ' _. 'It is silver.' ''' - ... '... 'How you know this!' , **it is my business. I'm a metallurgist^ 'And you eay~w HatT ^hall be silver and what is notp' ' 'Yes— see herel' The stranger took from bis bags a little leather case con taining some half dozen phials. One, en wrapped in dark blue paper, be held up to Concho. ?This contains a preparation of silver.' * Concho's eyes sparkled, but he looked doubtingly at the stranger. 'Get me some water in yonr pan.' Concho emptied his water bottle in his pros pecting pan fmi handed it to the stranger. Ha dipped a dried blade of grass in the bot (He aaJ then let a drop fall from its tap in the arater. The water remained unchanged. 'Now throw a littie salt in the water,' said jhe stranger. ?Concho did so. instantly a white film ap giearedon the surface, and jtresently the whole ihbm assumed ft milky .hue. Concho crossed himself {hastily, -^Mother of fiod, it is maglcl' . ? -- 'It is chloride of silver, you darned fooL' Not content with this cheap experiment, the stranger then took Concho's breath away by reddening some litmus paper with the nitrate, and then completely knocked over the simple Mexican by restoring its color by dipping it in the salt water. 'You shall by me this,' said Concho, offer ing his iron ore to the stranger; 'yon 'hall use the silver and the salt.' 'Not so fast my friend,' answered Wift stranger; 'in the first place this ore must be melted, and then a chip fat™ and put in shape like this— and that is worth something, my Greaser cherub. No, sir, a man don't spend all his youth at Freiburg and Heidel burg to throw away his science gratuitously on the first Greaser he meets.' 'It will cost— eh — how much?' said the Mexican eagerly. 'Well, Ishouldsayit would take about $100 and expenses to— to— find silver in that ore. But once you've got it there— you're all right for tons of it' 'You shall have it,' said the now excited Mexican. 'Yon shall have it of us — the fourl You shall come to our camp and shall melt it — and show the silver, and — enough! Come!' and in his feverishness he clutched the hand of his companion os if to lead him forth at once. 'What are you going to do with your mule!' said the stranger. 'True, holy mother — what, indeed?' 'Look yer,' said the stranger, with a grim smile, 'she won't stray far, I'll be bound. I've an extra pack mule above here; you can ride on her, and lead me into camp, and to morrow come back for your beast' Poor honest Concho's heart sickened at the prospect of leaving behind the tired servant ' he had objurgated so strongly a moment be fore, but the love of gold was uppermost 'I will come back to thee, little one, to-morrow, a rich man. Meanwhile, wait thou here, patient one — Adios! — thou smallest of mules — Adios I' And, seizing the stranger's hand, he clam bered up the rocky ledge until they reached the summit Then the stranger turned and gave one sweep of his malevolent eye over the valley. Wherefore, in after years, when their story was related, with the devotion of true Catholic pioneers, they named the mountain 'La Canada de la Visitation del Diablo,' 'The Gulch of the Visitation of the Devil,' the same being now the boundary linoo of one of the famous Mexican land grants. CHAPTER n. WHO FOUND IT. PONCHO was so im patient to reach the camp and deliver his good news to his |j companions that |LJ| more than once the stranger was obliged to command him to slacken his pace. 'Is it not enough, you infer nal Greaser, that WILE®. you lame your own. mule, but you must try your hand on mine! Or am I to put Jinny down among the expenses?' he added with a grin and a slight lifting of his baleful eye lid. When they had ridden a mile along the ridge they began to descend again toward the valley. Vegetation now sparingly bordered Lhc trail, clumps of chemisal, an occasional ?.nanzanita bush and one or two dwarfed ?buckeyes'? rooted .their way between tlie interstices of the black-gray rock. Now and then, in crossing some dry gully, worn by the overflow of winter torrents from above, the grayish rock gloom was relieved by dull red and brown masses of color, and almost every overhanging rock bore the mark of a miner'; pick. Presently, as they rounded the curv ing flmilr of the mountain, from a rodrv bench below them, a thin ghost-like stream of. smoke seemed to be steadily drawn by in visible hands into the invisible ether. 'It is the camp,' said Concho, gleefully; 'I will myself forward -to prepare them for the stran ger,' and before his companion could detain liim he had disappeared at a sharp canter around the curve o. the tr^iil. I left to himself, the stranger took a more leisurely pace, which left him ample time for reflection. Scamp as he was, there was some thing in the simple credulity of poor Concho that made him uneasy. Not that his moral consciousness was touched, but he feared that Concho's companions might, knowing Con cho's simplicity, instantly suspect him of trad ing upon it He rode pn in a deep study. Was he reviewing his past life? A vagabond by birth and education, a swindler by profes } sion, an outcast by reputation, without abso ' lutely turning his back ppon respectability, j he had trembled on the perilous edge of crim inality ever since his boyhood. He did not scruple to cheat these Mexicans— they were a degraded race— and for a moment he felt al most an accredited agent of progress and civ ilization. We never really understand the meaning of enlightenment until we begin to use it aggressively. A few paces further on four figures ap peared jn the now gathering darkness of the trail. The stranger quickly recognized the beaming smile of Concho, foremost of the party. A quick glance at the faces of the others satisfied him that while they lacked Concho's good humor, they certainly did not surpass him in intellect. Pedro was a stout vaquero. Manuel was a slim half-breed and ex-convert of (hp Mission of San Carmel, and Miguel a recent butcher of Monterey. Under the benign influences of Concho that suspicion with which the ignorant regard strangers died away, and the whole party es 1 sorted the stranger — who had given his name as Mr. Joseph 'Wiles— to their camp fire. So anxious were they to begin their experiments that even the instincts of hospitality were forgotten, and it was not until Mr. Wiles — now known as 'Don Jose' — sharply reminded them that he wanted some 'grub,' that they inma to their senses. 'When the frugal meal of tortillas, frijoles, salt pork, and chocolate was over, an oven was built of the dark red rock brought from the ledge before them, and an earthenware jar, glazed by some peculiar local process, tightly fitted over it, and packed with clay and sods. A. fire was speedily built of pine boughs continually brought from a wooded ravine below, and in a few moments the furnace 'was in fall blast* Mr. Wiles did not participate in these active preparations, except to give oc casional directions between his teeth, which were contemplatively fixed over a clay pipe as he lay comfortably on his back on the ground. Whatever enjoyment the rascal mgybavehadin their -useless labors he did not show jt, but it was observed that bis left eye often followed the broad figure of the ex vaquero, Pedro, and often dwelt on that wor thy's beetling brows and half savage face. Meeting that baleful glance once, Pedro growled out an oath, but could not resist a hideous fascination that caused him again pnd again to seek it The scene was weird enough without Wiles' eye to add to its wild picturesqueness. The mountain towered above— a heavy Rem brandtish mass of black shadow— sharply cut here and there against a sky so inconceivably remote JJjat the world-sick soul must have despaired of ever reaching so far or of climb ing its steel-blue walls. TJia stars were large, keen brilliant, but cold and steadfast They not dance nor twinkle in their ada mantine Getting. Hie furnace fire painted the faces of the men an Indian red, glanced on brightly colored blanket and serape, but was eventually caught and absorbed in the waiting shadows of the blade mountain, scarcely twenty feet from the furnace door. The low, half-sung, half-whispered foreign speech of the group, the roaring of {he fur nace the quick, shaip yelp of the coyote on the plain below were the only sounds that j broke the awful sQence of the bills. { It was almost dawn when it was announced that the ore had fused. And it was high time, for the pot was dowly sinking into the fast crumbling oven. Concho uttered a jubi lant 'God and liberty,' but Don Jose Wiles Jbedehsmbe and bring stakes to sup port the pot. Then Don Jose bent over tlje ' seething mass. It was for a moment ordy. Buf in that moment this accomplished net tallurgist, Mr. Joseph AViles, had quietly dropped a silver half dollar into the pot! : Then he charged them to keep up the fires : end went to sleep — all but one eye. i Dawn came with dull beacon fires on the near hill tops, and, far in the east, roses over tlie Sierran snow. Birds twittering in tbe ' alder fringes a mile below, and the creaking of wagon wheels— the wagon itself a mere cloud of dust in the distant road — were heard j distinctly. Then the melting pot was sol ! emnly broken by Don Jose, and the glowing incandescent muss turned into the road to cooL And then the metallurgist clipped a small fragment from the mass and pounded it, and chipped another smaller piece and pounded that, and then subjected it to acid, and then treated it to a salt bath which became at once milky— and at last produced a white something — mirabile dictu! — two cents' worth of silverl Concho shouted with joy; the rest gazed at each other doubtingly and distrustfully; com panions in poverty, they began to diverge and suspect each other in prosperity. Wiles' left eye glanced ironically from the one to the other. 'Here is the $100, Don Jose,' said Pedro, handing the gold to Wiles with a decidedly brusque intimation that the services and presence of a stranger were no longer re quired. Wiles took the money with a gracious smile 'nd a wink that sent Pedro's heart into his boots, and was turning away when a cry from Manuel stopped him: ? 'The pot— the pot— it has leaked! look! be- ; holdl seel' He had been cleaning away the crumbled fragments of the furnace to get ready for breakfast, and had disclosed a shining pool of quicksilver ! Wiles started, cast a rapid glance around the group, saw in a flash that the metal was unknown to them, and then said, quietly: 'It is not silver.' 'Pardon, senor, it is, and still molten.' Wiles stooped and ran his fingers through i the shining metal. ] 'Mother of God — what is it, then? — magic?' j 'No, only base metal' But here, Concho, ^ emboldened by Wiles' experiment, attempted : to seize a handful of the glistening mass that l- instantly broke through his fingers in a thou- | sand tiny spherules, and even sent a few : globules up his shirt sleeves, until he danced i around in mingled fear and childish pleasure. ] I 'And it is not worth the taking?' queried j Pedro of Wiles. ' Wiles' right eye and bland face were turned toward the speaker, but his malevo lent left was glancing at the dull, red-brown rock on the hillside. 'Nol' and turning abruptly away he pro ceeded to saddle bis mula ] Manual, Miguel and Pedro, left to them- | selves, began talking earnestly together, j while Concho, now mindful of his crippled mule, made his way back to the trail where i he had left her. But she was no longer there. ' Constant to her master through beatings nnii : bullyings, she could not stand incivility and 1 inattention. There are certain qualities of ; the sex that belong to all animated nature. Inconsolable, footsore and remorseful, Con- i cho returned to the camp and furnace, three | miles across the rocky ridge. But what was V-w astonishment on arriving to find the place deserted of man, mule and camp equipage, j Concho called aloud. Only the echoing rocks grimly answered him Was it a trick? Con- j cho tried to laugh. Ah— yes— a good one— a j joke— no— no— they had deserted him! And ! then poor Concho bowed his head to the ground, and falling on his face, cried as if his honest heart would break. The tempest passed in a moment; it was not Concho's nature to suffer long nor to brood over an injury. As be raised his head again ! his eye caught the shimmer of the quick silver— that pool of merry antic metal that fandaodolightadJum nn hrmr before. In n ' few moments Concho was again disporting with it; chasing it here and there, rolling it in his palms and laughing with boylike glee at its elusive freaks and fancies. 'Ah, sprightly one — skipjack — there thou goest — come here. This way— now I have thee, lit tle one — come, muchacha — come and kiss me,' Tin til he had quite forgotten the defec tion of his companions. And even when he shouldered his sorry pack, he was fain to cany his playmate away with him in his empty leathern fiask. And yet I fancy the sun looked kindly on him as he strode cheerily down the black mountain side, and his step was none the less free nor light that he carried with him neither the brilliant prospects nor the crime of his late comrades. CHAPTER m. WHO CLAIMED IT. HE fog had already ya ^ closed in on Monte- : * H -rey, and was now || rolling, a white, Ik billowy sea above, i n S|| that soon shut out H isL the blue breakers below. Once or -jeBr twice in descend ing the mountain Concho had over pjgggGS hnng the cliff and looked down upon the curving horse shoe of a bay below him— distant yet many miles. Earlier in the afternoon he had seen the gilt cross on the white-faced Mission flare in the sunlight, but now all was gone. By the time he reached the highway of the town it was quite dark, and he p'.unged into the first fonda at tbe wayside, and endeavored to forget his vroes and his weariness in aguar diente. But Concho's head ached, and his back ached, and he was so generally dis tressed that he bethought him of a medico — an American doctor— lately come into town, who had once treated Concho and his mule with apparently the same medicine, and after the same heroic fashion. Concho reas oned, not illogicfilly, that if he were to be physicked at all he ought to get the worth of his money. The grotesque extravagance of life, of fruit and vegetables in California was inconsistent with infinitesimal doses. In Concho's pre vious illness the doctor had given him a dozen four-grain quinine powders. The following day the grateful Mexican walked into the doctor's office — cured. The doctor was grati fied until, on examination, it appeared that, to save trouble, and because his memory was poor, Concho had taken all the powders in one dose. The doctor Shrugged his shoulders and— altered his practice. 'Well,' said Dr. Guild, as Concho sank down exhaustedly in one of the doctor's two chairs, 'what now?' Have you been sleeping again in the tule marshes, or are you upset with commissary whisky? Come, have it out' But Concho declared that the devil was in his stomach, that Judas Iscariot had possessed himself of his spine, that imps were in his forehead, and that his feet ha4 been scourged by Pontius Pilate. 'That means 'blue mass,' ' said the doctor, and gave it to him— a bolus as large asames ket ball, and as heavy. Concho took itonthespot, and turned to go: 'I have no money, Senor Medico.' 'Never mind. Ifs only a dollar, the price of the medicine.' Concho looked guilty at having gulped down so much cash. Then he said timidly: 'I have no money, but I have got here what is fina and jolly. It is yours.' And he handed over #he contents of the precious tin can he bad brought with him. The doctor took it, looked at the shivering volatile mass, and said: 'Why, this is quick ' silverl' 'Concho Uuighed. 'Yes, very quick silver, ' sol' and he snapped his fingers to show its ' eprightliness. The doctor'* face grew earnest. 'Where did you get this, Concho?' he finally asked. 'It random the pot in the mountains be yond.' The doctor looked incredulous. Then Concho related the whole story. 'Could you find the spot again?' 'Could you find that spot again f' i 'Madre de Dios, yes. I have a mule there; may the devil fly away with herl' j 'And you say your comrades saw this?' 'Why not?' j 'And yon say they afterward left you— de- serted you?' I 'They did, ingrates!' j The doctor arose and shut his office door. ' 'Hark ye, Concho,' he said, 'that bit of med- : icine I gave you jasfc now was worth a dollar, i It was worth a dollar because the material of which it was composed was made from the stuff you have in that can— quicksilver or mercury. It is one of the most valuable of metals, especially in a gold raining country. My good fellow, if you know where to fi'd enough of it, your fortune is made.' Concho rose to his feet. 'Tell me, was the rock yon built your fur nace of red?' 'Si, Senor.' 'And brown?' ' - 'Si, Senor.' 'And crumbled nnder the heat?' 'As to nothing.' 'And did you see much of this red rock?' 'The mountain mother is in travail with it' 'Are you sure that your comrades have not taken possession of the mountain mother!' tiAshowf' °By claiming its discoveiy nnder the min ing laws, or by pre- emption!' 'They shall not' 'Bat how will yon, single handed, fight the fonr; for I doubt not your scientific friend Kbq a hand in it?' IwiD fight' 'Yes, my Concho, but suppose I take the fight off yonr hands. Now, here's a propo sition: I will get half a dozen Americanos to go in with you. Yon will have to get money to work the mine— yon will need funds. You shall share batf with them. They will take the risk, raise the money, and protect you.' 'I see,' said Concho, nodding his head and winking hfe eyes rapidly. Buenol' 'I will return in ten minutes,' said the doctor, fa-Ving Vno Viat He was as good as his word. In ten min utes he returned with six original locators, a board of directors, a president, secretary, and a deed of incorporation of the 'Blue Mass Quicksilver Mining Co.' This latter was a delicate compliment to the doctor, who was popular. The president added to these neces sary articles a revolver. 'Take it,' he said, *m.nding overthe weapon to Concho. 'Take it; my horse is outside; fata that, ride lilra h ? 1 and on to the claim until we come!' In another moment Concho was in the sad dle. Then the mining director lapsed into the physician. 'I hardly know,' said Sr. Guild, doubt fully, 'if, in your present condition, yon ought to travel You have jnsttaken a pow erful medicine,' and the doctor looked hypo critically concerned. 'Ah, — the devil!' laughed Concho, 'what is the quicksilver that is into that which is outf JHoaoa. Ja Mula!' and, with a clatter of hoofs and jingle ?o£jspan^ na Tras presently lost in I 'You were none to soon gentlemen,' saidthe | American alcalde, as he drew up before the doctor's door. 'Another company has just been incorporated for the same location, I reckon.' 'Who are they!' 'Three Mexicans— Pedro, lWannpl and Mig uel—headed by that d— d cock-eyed Sydney duck, Wiles.' 'Are they here!' 'Manuel and Miguel, only. The others are over at Tres Pinos lolly-gaging Boscom i mon and trying to rope him in to pay off their ' whisky bills at his grocery.' | 'If that's so we needn't start before sunrise, | for they're sure to get roaring drunk.' | And this legitimate successor of the grave Mexican alcaldes, having thns delivered his impartial opinion, rode away. Meanwhile, Concho the redoubtable, Concho the fortunate, spared neither riata nor spur. The way was dark, the trail obscure and at timM even dangerous, and Concho, familiar as he was with these mountain fastnesses, often regretted his sure-footed Francisquita. 'Care not, O Concho,' he would say to him self, ' tis but a little while, only a little while, and thou ahaif have another Francisqnita to bless thee. Eh, shipjack, there was fine music to thy dancing. A dollar for an ounce — 'tis as good as silver, and merrier.' Yet for all his good spirits he kept a sharp lookout at certain bends of the mmmtain trail; not for accaadng or brigands, for Concho was physi cally courageous, but for the Evil one, who, in various forms, was said to lurk in the Santa Cruz range, to the great discomfort of all true Catholics. He recalled the incident of Igna cio, a muleteer of the Franciscan friars, who, stopping at the Angelas to repeat the credo, saw Luzbel plainly in the likeness of a mon strous grizzly bear, mocking him by sitting on bis haunches and lifting his paws, dasped together, as if in prayer. Nevertheless, with one hand grasping the reins and his rosary and the other clutching his whisky flasTr and revolver, he fared on so rapidly that he reached the summit as the earlier streaks of I dawn were outlining the far-off Sierran { peaks. Tethering his horse on a strip of table land, he descended cautiously afoot un til he reached the bench, the wall of red rock t and the crumbled and dismantled Xumace. It j was as he had left it that morning; there was j no trace of recent human visitation. Revolver { in hand, Concho examined every cave, gully ? and recess, peered behind trees, penetrated copses of buckeye and nmnzanha, and listened. There was no sound but the faint soughing of the wind over the pines below him. For a while he paced backward and forward with a vague sense of being a sentinel, but his m®-- curial nature soon rebeled against this mo notony, andsoon the fatigues of the day began to tell upon him. Becourse to his whisky flask only made him the drowsier, until at last he was fain to lie down and roll Tiimoplf up tightly in his blanket The moment he was sound asleep. His horse neighed twice from the summit, but Concho heard him not Then the brush crackled on the ledge above him, a small frag ment of rock rolled near his feet, but he starred pot And then two black figures were out lined on the crags beyoqd, 'Stt-t!' whispered a voice. 'There is one lying beside the furnace.' The speech was Spanish, bat the voice was Wiles'. The other figure crept cautiously to the edge of the crag and looted over. 'It is Concho, the imbecile,' said Pedro, contemptu ously. 'But if he should not be slone, or if he should waken!' 'I will watch and wait. Go you and '-fUr the notification.' Wiles disappeared. Pedro began to creep down the face of the rocky ledge, supporting himaalf by fhomigal and brnfiTiwnnd The next moment Pedro stood beside the jmcqnscious man. Then he looked cautiously around. The figure c' his companion was lost in the shadow of the rocks above; only & slight crackle of brush betrayed his where abouts. Suddenly Pedro flung his serape over the sleeper's head, and then threw his powerful frame and tremendous weight fall p.gpn Concho's upturned face, while his strong ? blanket pinioned limbs of his victim. There was a momentary up heaval, a spasm and a struggle; but the tightly rolled blanket clung to the unfortu nate man like cerements. There was no noise, no outcry, no sound of struggle. There was nothing to be seen but the peaceful, prostrate figures of the two men darkly outlined on the ledge. They might have been sleeping in each other's arms. In the black silence the stealthy tread of Wiles in the bush above was distinctly audible. Gradually the struggles grew fainter. Then a whisper from the crags: 'I can't see you. What are you doing?' 'Watching!' 'Sleeps he?' 'He sleeps!' 'Soundly?' ' 'Soundly.' '' 'After the manner of the dead?' 'After the fashion of the dead!' The last tremor had ceased. Pedro rose as Wiles descended. 'All is ready,' said Wiles; 'you are a wit ness of my placing the notifications?' 'I am a witness.' 'But of this one?' pointing to Concho. 'Shall we leave hfm here?' 'A drunken imbecile — why not?' Wiles turned his left eye on the speaker. They chanced to be standing nearly in the same attitude they had stood the preceding night. Pedro uttered a cry and an impreca tion, 'Carramba! Take yonr devil's eye from me! What see you? Eh— what?' 'Nothing, good Pedro,' said Wiles, turning his blank right cheek to Pedro. The in furiated and half frightened ex-vaquero re turned the long knife be had half drawn from its sheath, and growled surlily: There was a momentary struggle. 'Go on, then! But keep thou on that side, and I will on this.' And so, side by side, listening, watching, distrustful of all things, but mainly o£ each other, they stole back and up into those shadows l'rom which they might, b'ke evil spirits, have been poetically evoked. A half hour passed, in which the east brightened, flashed and again melted into gold. And then the sun came up haughtily, and a fog that had stolen across the summit in the night arose and fled np the mountain side, tearing its white robes in its guilty haste, and leaving them fluttering from tree and t-rag and scar. A thousand tiny blades, nest ling in the crevices of rocks, nurtured in storms and rocked by the trade winds, stretched their wan and feeble arms toward Him; but Concho the strong, Concho the brave, Concho the light hearted spake not nor stirred. CHAPTER IV. WHO TOOK IT. rHERE was presist eiit neighing on the summit Concho's horse wanted his breakfast. This protestation reached the ears of a party ascending the mountain from its western face. To one of the party it was familiar. 'Why, blank it all, that's Chiquita. DR. GUILD. That d ? Mexican's lying drunk some where,' said the president of the B. M. Co. 'I don't like the look of this at all,' said Dr. Guild, as they rode up beside the indig nant nninial. 'If it had been an American, it mi£ht have been carelessness, but no Mexican ever forgets his beast. Drive ahead, boys; wo may be too late.' In half an hour they came in sight of the ledge below, the crumbled furnace, and the motionless figure of Concho, wrapped in a blanket, lying prone in the sunlight.. 'I told you so — drunk!' said the president The doctor looked grave, but did not speak. They dismounted and picketed their horses. Then crept on all fours to the ledge above the furnace. There was a cry from Secretary Gibbs. 'Look yer. Some fellar has been jumping ns, boys. See these notices.' There were two notices on canvas affixed to the rock, claiming the ground, and signed by Pedro, Manuel, Miguel, Wiles and Bos common. 'This was done, doctor, while your trust worthy Greaser locater — d ? II him — lay there drunk. What's to be done, now?' But the doctor was making his way to the unfortunate cause of their defeat, lying there quite mute to their reproaches. The others followed him The doctor knelt beside Concho, unrolled liim placed his hand upon his wrist, his ear over his heart, and then said: 'Dead.' 'Of course. He got medicine of you last night This comes of your d ? d heroic practice.' But the doctor was too much occupied to heed the speaker's raillery. He had peered into Concho's protuberant eye, opened his mouth, and gazed at the swollen tongue, and then suddenly rose to his feet 'Tear down those notices, boys, but keep them. Put up your own. Dont be alarmed; you will not bo interfered with, for here is murder added to robbery.' 'Murder?' 'Yes,' said the doctor, excitedly, 'Til take my oath on any inquest that this man was strangled to death. He was surprised while asleep. Lookhere.' He pointed to the revolver in Concho's stiffening hand, which the murdered man had instantly cocked, but could not use in the struggle. 'That's so,' said the president; 'no man goes to sleep with a cocked revolver. What's to be done?' 'Everything,' said the doctor. 'This deed was committed within the last two hours; the body is still warm. The murderer did not j come our way, or we should have met him on the traiL He is, if anywhere, between here and Tres Pinos.' 'Gentlemen,' said the president, with a slight preparatory and half judicial cough, 'two of you will stay here and stick! The others will follow me to Tres Pinos. The law has been outraged. You understand the zourt!' By some odd influence the little group of half-cynical, half-trifling and wholly reckless men had become suddenly sober, earnest citi zens. They said: 'Go on,' nodded their Beads, and betook themselves to their horses. 'Had we not better wait for the inquest and swear out a warrant?' said the secretary, cautiously. 'How many men have we?' 'Five.' 'Then,' said the president, summing up the Revised Statutes of the state of California iu one strong sentence, 'then we dont want no d— d warrant' ? 