Warnings and Omens. Breaking a looking-glass is considered by many people as a fearful calamity. "No luck for seven years," says the superstitious. For their benefit, let me tell them that the writer of th's broke a looking-glass on the morning she sailed for Europe, and she ex perienced no trouble during her trip, re turned in good health, and found all her friends' enjoying the same. Warnings are very curious and inexpli cable. Everyone remembers the mysterious call of Rochester to Jane Eyre, in Charlotte Bronte's novel. I can tell of a circumstance of which I positively know, equally as strange. A plain, practical, matter-of-fact woman, with not the slightest leaning to wards ocultism in any form, was canning fruit in her kitchen one day. Suddenly she" heard the voice of her sailor son calling her,; ''Mother, mother, mother." So near it seemed that her first thought was that her son had unexpectedly returned, and leaving her work, she ran into the sitting-room, cry ing out that Harry had come, and could not but believe but that he was there hidden, somewhere ready to spring out at her. It was afterwards found that at this time her son was lying dangerously ill with typhus fever in Japan. He lived to come home and hear this strange story, and to wonder if in his delirium he had called upon his mother, and over thousands of miles of sea and land, through some mysterious and occult channels his cry had come to his mother's ears. I know of another occarence as incomprehen sible as the last. A young manr of my ac quaintance went several miles from home to have a dangerous surgical operation per formed. His mother accompanied him, but his father remained at home. In the parlor of the house there stood on a table an old worn-out music- box, broken and run down. For years it had not played a tune, and was regarded as utterly worthless. One morning what was the father's: astonishment to hear this music-box suddenly begin playing. No hard had touched it, and the dust lay thick upon it. The next day news 'was brought to the father of his son's death. He died at the hour the music-b; x began playing I One more instance for which;I can vouch. A party of gay young men were making a night of it at a well-known hotel in an East. ern city. They had drunk deep, and one of them at length realised that he ought to go home. So he spoke to his brother-in-law, at at whose house he was living, told him he was going, and said he had better come with him. But his brother-in-law shook him off, sa:d he knew when to step, and so the young man set out by himself, went home and to bed. He had slept but a short time when he heard his. brother-in-law call him twice in a sharp tone. He sprang from his bed and ran down to open the front door for him, thinking be was too fuddled to use his latch key. What was his surprise to find no one there. So sure was he that he had heard his relative call that he was troubled about it, and on returning to his room he struck a match, and looked at his watch. It was 1.45. His brother-in-law did not come that night, or!the next day, or the next. Search was made for him everywhere. He was known to have left the hotel at a certain hour, His wife was frantic, and the police were baffled. Ten days after his disappearance he was found at the bottom of the canal near the city. When his watch was taken from his pocket and opened- the hands pointed to 1.45. These are not fictions gleaned from ghost stories- they are positive facts within my knowledge. I give them for their value. Sailors are proverbially superstitious. Every one has heard of the superstitions. concerning sharks following ships-that is that there will soon be a death on board, but an old sailor assurce me that this is more of a superstition on land than with those that follow the sea. Not so, however, with the killing of the stormy petrel (Moth er Carney's chickens) Old sailors believe that the albatross contains the spirit of de parted sea captains and the petrel the souls of the old salts, therefore these birds are held sacred by sailors the world over. - This same sailor friend tells me of three very funny examples of superstition that occurred on a voyage he made from Colombo, Ceylo?i, to London. "' We had had a fine, slant of wind which took us from Colombo to the Mauritiusne, and were bowling along toward the Cape with Sstunsails alow and aloft. I was at the wheel in the first watch, when we were struck by a white squall. All hands were called to shorten sail, but we were thrown on our beam-ends, and lay there ten hours, with our yard arms in the water, the'decks being swept and the front of the cabin being knocked in by thewaves, The ship finally ,righted, and the skippei going his rounds discovered, nailed up over the bank of the second mate, a pair of Cape pigeon wings. He immediately made the air blue, and had" the wings thrown over-board, saying tfh?iywere the cause of our trouble. We had a buck cat on board of which:the old man wasv~ery:fond. One night asIwai again on watch, in a dead. calm, I heard two of the most:unearthly yells coming from over .the stern of the vessel. The man at the wheel called out that the' cat -had jumped over boaid in a fit. It had- evidently caught on to the rudder, but was soon drowned by the swell. y : t "The next morning,to:tease the steward, I told him that the cat had gone away on a broomstick, the night before and that we should never get to London. The poor fel low was almost paralyzed with terror, and went straightway: to the captain.. The latter came on deck and raked me. over for not- backing up the yards and. picking nup the-cat, saying that the loss of .the animal was more against the luck of the ship than the loss of a man would be, and with my spewing dolphin and the second mate kill ing Cape pigeon and .the loss.of the cat he knew very well we should' never reach London." 