WHERE IS THE KIAHA GHOST? Tiie Parkosites aro strangely silont at a time trhon tho country loolu confidently to thorn to ropoat tho record of tho past. In Central Cum berland now, tho chances of tho Foreign-trade candidates aro in serious joonarayf and yot tho Ministry havo so I9t failod to adopt any of the dirty expedients which navo 'worked suca wonders in tho p&at.; This is tho day before tho election, and vot the escaped Hatnes has not doflcribod Mr. Buchanan as "a dingo," an " orphan bandicoot on a burnt ridgo," or a " hiorarch of papacy:"' nor has ho said that tho men who will vote for tho Pro- tectionuit consist ontiroly of " Irish men with hair on tboir tooth thicker than tho brush of a dingo." Nor has Mr. Abigail said that "tho mon who advocate Protection aro Josuits who want to onset tbo Education Act," and " would if they had their way mako tho Pope first president of Australia " and overturn tho system of combining banking, pawnbrok- ing, and usury, approved in at least ono instance in Sydney. And Sir Heniiy has not yot played his trump-card against Mr. Buchanan, < Ho has not said that tbo Protectionist candidate is not fit to black tbo Premier's shoes, nor has ho told tho doctors that thoy are dingoes, and that tho Pro tectionist avalancbo is merely an insidious attack on tho novor-to'bo- sufficiently lauded principles of the Education Act ; and, further, that tbo true aim of tho Droits party is to crush all religious liberty out of tho land vi ct armh. In brief, the poor old Kiatna Ghost, tho arbiter of many a disgraceful fight, has not boon playod to any extent worth mentioning, and tho enthusiasm which tho recital (by Pabkes himself) of tho many past triumphs and present virtues of Paukeb has so often evoked has not yot been aroused. Surely it cannot bo that tbo Ministry in this caso aro going to let tho con test pass without a resort to tbo mean, sectarian tricks which have been tho ono feature of Parftosion interference during previous elections. This would bo too much to anticipate. The nature of tho Ministerial animal is too much otberwiso to permit so strange a departure from the prece dents of tho great Has Been. 