The Father of tlie Albert. To the i Editor of Urn Bulletin. Sir,—As jal supporter of M h Plunjudgment ketils, I strongly demur to the passif on iiu'r ineinber-elect by Mr. Castles in yohr| last issue, Of )fche three candidates who had the best up})ort, I fancy the choice has been judicious. In one respect Mri plunkett, jas Logan and Albert correspondent of j the :Courier, evinces a record of literary ability not evi dept with the other two, Mr. Castles' contributions to th^ Làgan Witness jnotwithstapding. A little; efferrsscence, may be excused to the fervid Sons of ' Erin in "*the v niojment of trju|nph; Tliijsiwill tone down whbn the crucial time of Parliamentary deliate comes on—^the pub' ic speaker soon finds his prop^rjleven then So 1 we ask Mr|: Castles to be magnanimus enough to wait for the verdict Hanm\ •d will show in due time . as*to . Mr. Plu nkett's ! calibre. Asijto the oratorical powers Mi; Plunketit's two mo; t formidable rivals, we are assured that Mr. Castles hastjhat persistency on bènalf of his| clients which would cause "jthe parable of then importunate widow I to be repeated." ; Well, heairen save our j Ministers :from Speakers of this alarming description (while not allied to better pbrts). A cloture, ;as with the (imperial Parliament, Jwould be required to check i debates thus got e rampan^. ! ' • ; ! • , j ! One heed hardly refer to. Mr. pasties" hesitancy of utterance," for that would disappear with practice. Though known to the writer for véars as a good I iisiness manlj it' is hard] to determine that Mr. Cashes has the talents necessary for a representative. But that he îjssumes superiority in this respect to Mr. Plui 'kett is evident from his branding Mr. P. s !s "unfit—pitchforked into a position, & I must confess-also j to fall utterly in detecting Mr J Lenneberg's qualificjatious for the post' lie! aspired iô, -Or that he l|a: proved as a speaker j since dressed the Logan electors long lie fit st adyears P robably our ablestand most experienced caudijlate was he wlio stood iit the foot of the poll. Had he; the' ghost of a chance, there! were, those ihere who would have rallied to his standard ; failing thi they votejl for the neict host mja!u (t< their mind). j j j ! Thé Coomera district especially, and the iLogan generally, seemed und;r the ban'ot the Liberalj party ; therefor*, Mr. E. .l|. Stevens could mit effect iall that he visliM for his constituency. Mr. Plyiikett will jiave an easieritask with [tlie new administration in the redress of local ?riev- ;I am,I &o.;, June 4, 1888- toosiK 