%\xz ^toru-^eliev. THE LADY PIANIST. [BY SIBELLA B. EDGCOME.] Evening parties attended by a proficient pianist; terms, by the hour, aB required, aud moderate. For particulate apply within." Thus stood the duly lithographed words gracing a highly ornamented card placed face to face with every pasBor-by in one of the busiest shops in Crommerton. Not, of course, that Crommerton was a specially influential city, or anything of the kind, iu fact. On the contrary, it was only a Email provincial town, where tradesman vied with tradesman as to superiority in either this or that, as the case might be, and the various other cla6Ees in the placo did ditto. There was somewhat of a throng of customers at that moment within Mrs Ji^gsbury's shop. Every one seemed to desire to be eerved at once, which feat was not of course possible. Christmas cards lay aboc i; in proiusicn waiting for inspection, and numerous were tlie enquiries as to the price of this illumi: ate-J specimen and that. At this particular uutant some one else entered, and in a somewhat gruff voice demanded, as if *tc did eo much against his own will, whether anybody could give him any particulars about that card there; and he pointed, as he spoke, towards the shop front. " Waa the fellow worth his salt?" he added, and EO on. To which sort of attack. Mrs. Bragabury replied that it wasn't a "fellow" at all to whom the lithographed notice in question bore reference, but to a young.lady. "Ob, that's it; is it?" was the response. "Worth anything?" •• Worth a great deal, sir," was Mrs. Bragsbury'a retort, bristliag up considerably as Bhe spoke. *'I should not eke—excuse me— I bave encourage 1 the a&air;, Sir. I always tnow a youDg lady when I see ooe." This last declaration seemed definitive fa Mrs. Bragsbury's opinion, " But, my good soul" he began. The growing frown,.however, visible upon Mrs. Bragsbury's face served to remind him tLat he had already gone far enough. I'll give you the address," she said, shortly, "if that's what you require. The >cuEg 'ady is a stranger here—just arrived in the place. It's my belief, too, that she's cf | better birth than most oeople, but of course that's not my business." There was a slight amount of venom in the Ei'ttcli thus dealt cat, Mrs. Bragsbury considered that her personal dignity had been treated somewhat lightly, and such was her KiOde of recompense. "Certainly not. That fact either won't serve to kelp her two straws in the battle of life— that's a sure ca&e; O' at least that's my experience. But l'oi obliged to you for the etidiess. I know well enough now where the place i3. : ' " Exciting, aggravating sort of peooie!" as Mrs. Bragebury observed, scornfully, later on. " They consider every one that isn't born with a silver spoon in hia mouth little better than the dust in tbe street. I haven't patience with such folks." Meanwhile a scene of a rather diuerent kind was being enacted in a small, scantily furnished home not very far away. A beautiful girl sat near the window busily engaged in cren elwcrk, intended for Bale. AB she had just said, if she couldn't succeed in one thing she mutt in an.-: faier. Matters had now come to tbat poir-^ Advertising in thenewBpapera ! for pupils of any kind seemed utterly useless. £t> answers ever came. The notice, too, in the fancy stationery shop had proved a failure. "The postman, child, has he passed the window yet ?" asked mother, putting her head ; in at the door as the question fell, j " Net even the ghost of him. I'm so sorry, | mother mine." And the beautiful speaker ' had $11 at once, as if under the influence of ' Sudden impulse, cast on one side her lovely 1 needlework and risen to ber feet. "It breaks ! my heart almcst to think that this trouble all t c-cmes thic-l , » h my Qjyp doing. There bei lieve me, won't youj" then the soft j arms were laid around mother's neckband the latter could only anBwer that it haa liC? ! been Hermine's fault at all—quite the conj trary. Each trusted the other fully: that | fact was only too evident. " We are here now, and mast therefore make the best of things," went on mother, ! quietly. "The home that we have lost ; through no fault of yours, child, must be '. forgotten. We will live only in the life that I Iks Vefore UB. Id that not eo ?" i "Yes, that is surely best," fell whis- • pericgly. i And then came what both had waited for all dev—the poetman's doable knock. A letter indeed! Only that the wording ran differently to what was specially desired :— " You have chosen to leave the neighbourhood. but your present whereabouts has been traced, aud I still desire that yon should abide by my wishes. Why not? I offer yon everything ihat wealth can supply—position in the social scale equal to your own in all reality, Why, I repeat, do you thus stand out in opposition to me. The lawsuit hss been decidcd against your mother, as you already know, and you are therefore pesniless. Remember that. " THE SQUIRE OF MEJTROSE." " "Mother ; oh, mother, tell me," came earnestly, "you do not wish that—that—then I should yield, after all ?" 1 " No, child. \Tou please me best by acting as you do. Only that i; all seems hard at times." Heimiae knew this. . She could not now j have pretended anything to the contrary, i But bow had their present addresB been { found out? both mused. Therein lay the ! puzzle. When poverty had fallen upon the widow and her daughter, with one fell swoop * as it may be said, neither of them had flinched even a moment from the path that lay before them. The lawsuit, raised wholly at the Equire's instigation, touching Eome disputed property, was the result Oily of irjured pride on his part. If the handsome j j' , Herniine would not accept his band Bhe i ffcould pay a bitter penalty for such an act. | And therefore to this had matters come. • Yep, Hermine would be true to her own j . " saiior laddie"—in other words to the sailor- I;: ! lieutenant, who had stolen her heart; ay, 1 how many years ago?—almost, in fact, when tbey were little children together, There came a thundering rat-tac-too at the < front door at that moment, and quick as j lightning the busy worker in crewels had • answered the summons. i " Miss Willoughby—is she at home ?" fell , somewhat shortly and hastily, "Tbat is my own name,'' fell simply in reply. " i wish to eee Mies Willoughby on busicess, then. You are prepared, 1 believe," and the speaker hastily changed his mode of address, " to perform dance music at evening parties?" " 1 have been looking out for occupation of the kind, certainly." "Oh! tee. Havn't done that kind of tbiEg before, eh? Well, never mind. You can mske a beginning now if you wish to do so. We bave an affair as nsual at home on ChristmaB Eve. A tree, you know, and all that sort of thing. Then a good dance for every cne that likes it. We want a professional pianis* F Veep overything agoing. You- understand; don t you : • " Certainly, pray walk in a moment: so that I may note down address, and also hour- Yon must also desire to know about termB," Bhe went on, in a steady voice. Inwardly, however, ber heart was beating fiust. It was her first money bargain of the kind. Never before in the course of her life had her talents been thus on the actual eve of bringing grist to the milL It was, in fact, a new experience, quite. *' Tate, Miss Willoughby," and the name fell somewhat too glibly, aud also familiarly, to please the listener's taste. "We needn't waste time over that part of the business. It's eatily enough settled. A guinea down, and a good Eupper. Such, I believe, is the usnal thing. Are you satisfied ?" The cheeks of the listener had at one email portion of the laet speech flushed crimson; but she bad the ready tact to control beraelf promptly. This waB no occasion for indulging in over- refined feeling of any kind. A good supper, too, was certainly better than none at ail. How stupid to allow such wording even to touch her for a moment. " The terms will atjswer very well," she answered quietly, "and I hope you will on your side be satisfied with the. bargain. 1 will be in Chitheram- square at S o'clock precisely," " All right," and he was once more in the open EtreLt. "I'm glad it's arranged. Don't on any account forget the supper," he added in a somewhat lower tone, as if wishing to be special!y pleasant. " That's all given in, you know, and if yon don't look sharp there may be some mistake about it." ChristmaB Eve came at last, with all its feisdeees and joy to how many of esrth'e children, with also its secee of bitter regret and utter wearii ets of iife to others, A considerable number of the inhabitants of Crommerton were all exriiement, not only on account of the ordinary festive doings on tt> 'Eve in question, but; alio iu reference to the private ball which was to take piace that evening at Sir Thcmas Ivatchap's residence. Sir Thomas was rich. Consequently thosB wbo were invited deemed themselves specially favoured, whilst those who were not wisely contented themselves in envying those more' highly favoured than themselves. Thus ran the preeent tide of affairs in Crommerton. As Hermine whispered in mother's ear, in her own soft musical voice, Christmas Eves could never again be like Christmas fives yt lgng Cvuldtbeyl b I ! ! And inothc-r, who, a!ns! knew this 'ii -t far too well, bad ot'ly sroilrd thoughtfully n answer. Esr daughter oust bfi unvc, ti e nrueed. The life that now lay lit!jit her JVJB a new one, and must bo Edceil ia true worn in s fashion, forgetting nut ely all the pait. If tbe man to whom she hid enujj'y e,ul innocently plighted her faith, now wtJl nigh sis years sgo, when in fact the ra lit tic more than 15, bad not written to her for tae past three years, she rr.uet yet continue to believe in him. Why not? she rea&oned.; Aud then ciii.t jl lit i. fcigb, nn<i Hcruiiue went on auanging her one remaining evening drcse. There was a very phalanx of carriages dr&vtn; up tb.-it uveaiug iu frcnt of Sir X'aotaaa Katchup's abode. As the first of these, however, had appeared uuon the scene, discharging its airily equipped occupants, a Blight pr?- liaiiDaiy step Hid taken place within the baitroom. The " person" who was to officiate at the pianoforte for a stipulated sum, supper included, was p&troursingly; directed by Jiaba the footman in which direction'of the spacious saloon to find the is&trument; in question ; and the next moment, with the air of a queen, as if, ia fact, the entire roam specially belonged to her, the new-comer hud swept gracefully, hastily, however, across the floor already duly prepared for the dancers, aud taken her position in the plice a^Bigued her. Already she was removing her gloves. Many wore the glances, soma admiring, others merely expreetive of curiosity, shot ia her direction; whilet more than one sort of half whisper reached her ears in the shape of "My dear Lady Katchup! where in the world did you pick her up? Who is she? TelluB all about ber?" Oh, if tbe earth below would ody open and swallow ber up, was the one thought dom:- nant in Hermine's heart. She had not reckoned upon having to encounter anything of this kind. "Quadrille, polka, waltz, galop," varied with an occasional set of "lancere," bad been the only sort of programme the had pictured to herself. Sir Thomas himself bad, however, by this time found his way actoss the room to ber. "Glad to see you, Miss Willoughby," he said. "Was afraid you might be late. If you require refreshment during the course of the evening you must simply let me know ; and beyond everything," came in alow voice, " don't forget the supper." There was a sudden pause. The assembled guests had all marshalled themselves duly into their respective places, and the master of the ceremonies clapped his bauds. The next moment the ball had opened. The taper fingers of the " profession manipulated cleverly. The opening quadrilis was a marked Buccess. The hours wore on, and still the heited and. now flushed pianist remained iodefatigably at her post. They were having their fell guinea's worth, as the now overexcited girl thought once more and yet again. "I met an old friend at Dappelton last week—Carl Wentworth," she heard a voice Baying almost close behind her. "But I forgot, you never knew him. He left the tnwn before you settled in the place." There was a sudden pause—break rather, it seemed at that moment—in tbe inspiriting ring of the notes, causing the dancers to . elance as if by one consent in the direction of the piano; and then the musical strain west on as before, only that it eeemed yet mora brilliantly than ever." It was only a coincidence, of course. She well knew that. But even the mere fact of rfnch name being uttered thus within earshot had eerved to make the pulses of her heart ' throb madly, but this only for the moment. \- Another instant and the "u?qf$8919031" was j herself again. .^ t r i e ? to procure an invitation for mm here e0-night," went on the voice again, < uut he's an odd fellow, it seems, and fights * feby cf ladies' aociety." | The music of the fashionable schottische " went on brilliantly. The "professional''waa evidently determined that her performance should come off in flying colours tonight. How many other evening engagements might not depend upon the " result of this ber first venture? The genuf 01^ crowded around at toe end of tk<3 schottische with the view^ ; of tendering their *hankB. They were simply S in ecstades, as all decked,- Never before bad "dance-music," BO called, been rendered in Crommerton in Buch masterly fashion. They were each and all Infinitely indebted to i Miss ."and then came a pause, supplemented by-thetrifling item of information that tbey bad not yet been favoured with the lad y'e name, i Miss Willoughby," came coldly, with a slight inclination' of the Speaker s head. , " And now, if you will permit me, I will go I on with the programme," Bhe added, stiffly, £lancing~~once 'more in the direction of tne master of the ceremonies, i The gentlemen drew themselves away, as if by one consent. They were not accas- : tomed to meet witb rebuffs of tbis nature, j " Upon. my word," fell sneeringly from one or them.. " Miss Willoughby has mistaken ber role, and imagines herself an empreee. That's clear &s; daylight" And all the while the notes of a wellj known favourite galop meanwhile rever- | berating cheerily throughout the assemblage, { the beautiful-'-'professional"- -was lost-in a ' day dream of her own. What if her present . performance should give snoh entire satisfaction that the engagements should poor In nrnn npon her! ! Such Snrli would spnnid indeed inifeod be hp. a nnnneiw success. All was forgotten save gratitude for this new opening in her path. The hour of midnignt waB already approaching, and her Cng&iB; h _ now grown sadly weary. There was a sudden buzz of voices at tho other end of the room. "Bravo, old fellow! Better late than sever," fell in a loud clear voice above the general bum. "Bravo! Well—yes, if you like to put it in that way," was the reply, dealt in a plea- Bant, manly voice. "Missed the train, the nest stuck in the enow, aud the third brought me here." "Exactly like you," waa the response, heartily given. " I'm supposed by most folks to be dead, I Euppoee, Wonder I'm not. Three years & prisoner in-the hands of those Italian brigauds was well nigh as bad." And then there was a sndden rueh towards the pianoforte, and all eyes were fixed in one direction. The lady pianist had fainted, and even as the fact made'itself known the sailor had forced his way into the front of the crowd and stood face to lace with the girl whom he loved BO well, "This lady," he said hastily, and in a wholly bewildered manner, " must be taken home, <ind at once." "You know Miss Willoughby, then!" exclaimed Sir Thomas, in a tone of considerable astonishment. "Know Miss Willoughby! Never heard the name even. If that face doesn't belong to some one whom I once—whom I once knew —then my name isn't Carl Wentworth. I'm in dream number two, I suppose. Bat for pity's sake have her taken bome. Sir Thomas Katchup. The mystery must be cleared np soon or i shall go out of my mind. My eyes have never yet succeeded in deceiving me, and shan't certainly do so now," " Yea, yes; of course. I see now how it all happened," whispered the sailor lover, as he atood once more, and no mistake at all about it, by the aide of hifi own, as he was bold enough to express it, Hermine Vane. "I have been in prison and yon on the stage. In other words, we have each been performing certain characters, each wholly at variance with our own personal inclinations— one as lady pianist, the other ' doing the forlorn captive.' Queer, isn't it, even..to think of? Queer also, wasn't it, that Ishoold have met old Toggs at Toppleton But Hermine's heart is eo full of happiness this sweet ChriBtmaatide that she has no words to answer. She only knows now that ' tbe oas dream of her life ia realized, aud that : the man of ber choice has wealth now in strange contrast with former days, and has also bid her fix the wedding-day. "No wonder," as he Bays, "that my note, penned the moment we landed, was returned through the Dead Letter Office with 'Address unknown* etaring me full in the face. Hermine Vane was too proud to be known as ' lady pianist,' I presume. But never mind. That little game is over now, and next Christmas Eve Sir Thomas moat engage somebody else. "Why, bless me," and he laughed, "I had almost forgotten to drink the Squire's health. Had it not been for him I should never have' learned the reed truth— thatiiches do not always win the day. There was a wedding soon in the village of Crommerton, and, as Mrs,. Bragabury herself aud, if it taadn't been for her ^commendation matters would certainly haye taken a somewhat different turn."" 