AMUSEMENTS. "HAMLET." Mr, Geo. C. Jtiln baa done well to include some of Shakespeare's plays in his short season at the Opera House, and the proeent holiday time would he considered incomplete by country visitors without some such revival. Accordingly "Hamlet," which is generally regarded as the most popular of the great poet's dramas, was favorably received by an appre ciative audience at the Yort-atreet theatre on Saturday, when Mr. Milu gained many recalls for his impersonation of the Prince of Den mark, What that impersonation is is very well known in Sydney. The dark shadow of madness is occasionally thrown across the gentle radiance of Hamlet's noblo mind by the actor, who dwells more upon the reality than the affectation of insanity, in which respect the reading has found dissentients. The impersonation ia, however, scholarly and con sistent, and recognising these good qualities, it is now unnecessary to do more. . The play is creditably staged, and Mr. Miln has been for tunate in securing a cast which speaks for itself as follows Claudius, Mr. J. P. West; Ghost and First Gravcdiggcr, Mr. Itobert Greville ; Polonius, Mr. J. Welsh ; Laertes and First' Player, Mr. A, E. Greenaway ; Horatio, Mr. J. 11. Atholwood ; O.phelia, Miss Maggie Knight ; und Gertrude, Miss Kate Douglas. At the Theatre Boyal on Saturday night, when " Hands Across the Sea" was repeated there was only standing room. Tho performance went well . throughout, the interesting situa tions and the sterling acting shown being thoroughly appreciated by a critical audience. " Hans tho Boatman" again packed the Cri terion Theatre on Saturday night. Tho more that is seen of this brilliant and sparkling creation the more it grows in favor. Mr. Chas. Arnold's conception of the simple, child-like character of Hans succeeded in obtaining the praise due to him, while the andicnco also ro- cognited the efforts of tho other members of the company. The first matinee performance was given on Saturday and was well attended. Her Majesty's Theatre was well filled in all parts on Saturday night, and the production of "Youth" must be considered a great success. The revelations of the fortunes of Frank Dar lington were followed throughout with interest, and the performers generally succeeded in creating a favorablo impression on the minds of their patrons, while the magnificent staging added much to the success of the play. Mr. Frank Lincoln appeared at the Gaiety Theatre on Saturday night and kept his audi ence either smiling or laughing for two hours by his clever and humorous performance. Mr. Lincoln is certainly a master in the art of entertaining, and the amount of cleverness and humor he displays when amusing his patrons every night is wonderful. Qisentertaiumont is as attractive as anything now on in Sydney. ' On Saturday night a change of programme was given by the AIL Star Combination at the Academy of Music. In the first part Miss Laura-Roberts and' Miss Dora De Yere scored successes with their songs " At the Ferry " and " Down by the Deep, Sad Sea." Mr. Will Whit burn's impersonation and Mr. Oscar Smith's negro absurdity "Sift-sand Sal" caused great amusement. Mr. Charles Palmer sang " My Father's Advice" with good effect and "Mother's Watch by the Sea." Mr. Tom Holland's song was well received. " Down for the Holidays," a screaming absurdity, conclndcd tbe first part. Sylvo succeeded in entertaining tho audience by his performances In balancing, and the Donaldson Bros., as they always do, surprised everyone by the marvellous manner in which they threw them selves out of joint and generally tied tbcmselvco up. Oscar Smith's ventriloquial efforts took well, and Miss Laura Roberts, Messrs. Glover, Whitburn and Santley all contributed towards' the success of the entertainment. Tho per formance concluded with a faree, "Half-way," which sent tho audience away in smiles. The season will close on Thursday night. The World's Circus at the Elite Skating Rink contiuues nightly to attract a large num ber of amusement seekers, and Saturday night was no exception to the rulo. The acrobatic performances, feats of horsemanship, and other amusing and interesting items constituted an excellent programme, which was carried out to tho satisfaction of those present. Harry Rickards' company at the Haymarkot performed before a full, house on Saturday. The membets of the compauy, to judge by the manner in which their efforts were rccoived, were, as usual, successful in their cffortB to please and amuse those present. There was a great house at the Crystal Palace Rink on Saturday night, when the eighth of tbe promenade concerts was given, under tho management of Mr. S. Churchill Ottou. These concerts may be cordially recom mended to all lovers of music, ami we doubt whether any as good have ever been given in Sydney at the same low charges for admission. Presumably the public are beginning to find this out, nnd it may be taken for granted that Saturday's very large and enthusiastic audience will be followed by others of the 6ame kind. So far as the programme goes it could scarcely have been bettered, and as ail the artists are very familiarly and favorably known in Sydney, criticism would be superfluous. It will be suf ficient to name Miss Colbourne-Baber, Mrs. Innes and Misses Clarice Brabazon and Naylor as the lady artists, and to add that the remain ing performers included Messrs. Poussard, Warwick Gaynor and A. Burness, Professor Sylvester (.with hiB pretty fountain effects), and the band of the Naval Brigade under Mr! Devlin. All the aqnarinms have been well patronised during the holidays. At Rondi and Coogee special attractions have been added to the many always provided by the managements, and the great crowds which have visited both places during last week showed how highly the efforts made to please visitors aro valued. Excellent programmes to entertain holiday- makers will be carried through at Coogee and Bondi to-morrow. 