Miscellaneous, Two Kinds of Courage. General Porter. Shows Which Variety Ib Entitled To Most Praise. General Horace .Porter contributes an article to th\Q Century on " ThePhilosophv of Courage," from which wo quote as follows : <l Indifference to danger is not always the form of couraee which should entitle it pos sessor to the highest credit. It is a negative virturc as compared with the quality which enables one to. perform a dangerous duty while realising the full measure of the peril encountered. _ " These two traits are best illustrated by the old story of the two soldiers whose regi ment was charging up a hill in a desperate attempt to capture a battery. When halt way up, one of them turned to the other and said: . Why, you're as pale aa a sheet; you look like a ghost; I believe you're afraid.' . Yes, I am,' was tba answer; . and if you were half a3 cinch afraid as I am you'd have run long ago.' It is something higher than physical courage, it is a specics of moral courage, which recognises the danger and yet overmasters the sense of fear. When the famous mine in front of Petersburg bad been completed, and the National troop3 drawn up ready to charge the enemy's works as soon as the mine bad'done its work in creating a breach, the signal was given just :bcfore.daylight, the fuse was lighted-, and the command stood \gaiting with intenae anxiety for the explosion which was t o follow But seconds, then minutes, then tens of minutes passed, and still no sound from the mine. The suspense became painful, and" the gloom of disappointment .overspread the anxious faces of officers and men; The fuse had been spliced about midway. It was now thought there was a dcfect in the,splice, and it was at-this point that the. fuse was hang ing fire. The day was breaking, the enemy was becoming alert at sight of our unmasked columns, there was not a'moment to be lost. Lieutenant Doughty and Sergeant Bees, of the Forty-eighth Pennsylvania In fantry, now volunteered to examine the fuse. They entered a long dark gallery which led to the mine, and without stopping to calcu late the chances of life, calmly exposed them selves to one of the most horrible forms of death. With no excitment to lend them it^ intoxication, with nothing to divert their j minds from the fate which seemed to await them, they followed the course of the fuse through the long subterranean passage found :the "defect at which the spark bad been arrested, and made a new splice. - On their return the match was again applied, and the the train was now prompt to do its deadly work. These men displayed even a higher order of courage than those who afterwards charged: into the breach." 