,PUBLISHED DAILY) Echuua, Fatueday, January 21, 1.888 Auction SalBs.—'Messrs. Brown and Seward will sell at their bazaar, this morning at 11 o'clock, on account of Mrs J.iiitj Pepptmell, three bluoka of land two of which ure situated in tho parish of Tor.'um barry north with .a water frontage to the Murray of 40 chains each, the third block being near the Caledonian Hot. 1, on which is erect d a stable. The same firm also sell 14 first-class working bullocks with tackling etc. Messrs Sliackell, White and Co sell at their yards at noun sharp, two valuable firms in tho parish of Kanyapella, r of 133 acres and 111 acres respectively. Both blocks are well improved with dams and good fenceB. They alio advertise the si!e of Messrs. Balderson and Sun's live stock and implements, on the 14th February next. Full particulars are given in advertisement. At half past two o'clock Mie Kelly will cell at his office, Wm, Quinn'n farm at Knnyapella. together with four roomed houso, dairy, two large dams, and other improveras ile. The Post-office Clock.— Tho welcome sound of the striking of the Post-office clock was again heard yesterday. The necessary repairs having been effected, the " striking " part of the machinery was set in motion at noon yesterday, and has resumed its usual round Tub Police Ooort.—The business at tho police court yesterday did not occupy tho attention of the four magistrates on the benoh very long. There were only. eix small debt cases to dispose of. and i^f those three were adjourned through non service of summonses Pitiable Spectacle.—Three interesting looking children, sged from 11 to 6, Slid an infant of 13 months, were brought before the court yesterday as " neglected " children Their mother, Mrs tfrawley, had during the morning brought them to the footpath outside the court where she left them, and then wended her way home. The infant was in s oradle The police " found " the children without anyone looking after them, and as they could not be left in the streets they were "arrested" as "neglected" and brought before tho bench. After hearing tho evidence of Sergeant James the bench decided to Bend the children to the Industrial School till they ar j 1G years of age The Baptist Ouoroh.-It will bo learned with regret by £the friendB of the Jti'V D. Corbet, and the adherents of the Baptist Church, that that gentleman had tendered his resignation of tho pastorate of tho church The resignation will be considered at tho next meeting of the members of tho ahurch. We understand that Mr Oorbet ha? been ind uced to take thia step through recent circumstances of a purely family nature Pubsbyterian Church-To morrow even | ing the Rev. J. C. Johnstone will seek to improve the occasion of the " Australian Centenary." The sermon will appeal especially to " Young Australia," though containing matter for all who hara Aus tralia's intorest at heart Pbescott's Fibewoiiks—We understand that the necessary fixtures fer the display of fireworks which Professor Presjott intends exhibiting next week in Ford's Recreation ground, have arrived, and that they will be fixed in position early next week. Tho preparations for tho display of fireworks are boing madb on a soalo of splendor not hither ■ to seen in Eohuca In connection with the display it is announced that a balloon ancent will also be made, and It is stated that a well known lawyer has intimated hie in tention of " going lip in a balloon." As an impression is abroad that a good view will bo ob'ained gratia from the oemetery hill we are asked to warn intending sight seers that such will not be the case, and that if they intend to tee tho show they should provido thomsolves with the necessary coin for admission to prevont disnpointment, and also get inside the enclosuro whfro they will see the display with far more comfort and satisfaction Cubist Church—As will be seen by ad vertisement the Rev W. Cooks has returned to his charge, and will officiate to-morrow morning r>nd evening. The Wizard or the North—Last even ing a large audience assembled in the Tem perapco Hall to witness tho entertainment given by Profeisor Anderson, the Wi7ard of the North. Tho entertainment was a mar vellous one from first to last, the slight of hand tricks being dono with a cleannessB that dotied detection. Tim flying money and the bird cage and bowls of fish wore olevor illu sions, and caused muoh wonderment. The clairvoyant and the seanoes with the spirits were good. The entertainmont closed with the cabinet trick in which the spirits were supposed to hold high rivols, and ammed IhemselvoB with musical instruments, on which they played the most discordant musio imaginable. The final scene was the appear ance of a ghost, but when the cabinet was opened tho ghost h >d fled Accounts for tho following oro now awaiting payment at tho local sub-trensury: — D. Arohibald, B. II. Bonnet, T. H. Carney, J. Crothers, M. Davies, W. E. D.ivies, (2), Eoliuca Borough Gas Committee, Eohuo> Borough Water Trutt, D. W. Forbes, IW, J. Forbe-), J. Hemmingwny F James (2), T Johnson, P. Kiely, M. J. Lehmaun, H. Little, lv W. Moor>'(2), H. Moorehouse (2), J- fl. Morphet, K. O'Rourke, J. El. Osborne, J. Robortsoa, £t. Ryan, D, Suther land and I). Why to St Xavier's College—The vacations at St Xaviers College, Kow end on the 7th proximo, when Boholaatic duties will be resumed From the advertisement in an other column it will be seen that the curriculum embraces English in all its branohes, and tbo full olasnical and mathe matical course At the recent examinations all the pupils sent up by the college passed, vrhloh speaks volumes for] tho efficiency of the system adoptod by the Jesuit Fathers who superintend the college Licensing Mmktino—The usual quarterly licensing meeting for tho district of Moama will be held on Monday, tho 30th inst., in the court house, Moama The Weathbu—There was an agreeable ohange in the weather yesterday, (lie wind being from the south-west, rendering the atmosphere nice and cool Mechanics Institute—AH books Issued before 20th Decomber last must bo returned to the Mechanics' Institute, or fin03 will bo imposed The School o» Akts— Classes will be resumed to-day at 3 o'olock Eohuoa Ladies' Benevolent Sooibty— The treasurer of the Ladies' Benevolent Society acknowledges with thanks the sum of ten shillings, being surplus of the Grammar School bazaar 