[?] Mr. Meeson's Will. By II. UIDE11 HAGGARD, Author of 'She,' ' King1 Solomon's Mines,' itc., &c.; Chapteb I.— AUGUSTA AND HER PUBLISHER. Now mark you, my masters : this is eomcily.-it)ld Play. Everybody who has any conncction with. Birmingham will be acquainted with the vast publishing establishment known by the short title of 'Meeson's,' which is perhaps (lie most remarkable institution of the sort 'in Europe, her? are three partners in Meeson's — Meeson himself, the Pompadour Hall managing partner; Sir. Addison, and Mr. Roscoe— and people in Birmingham say that there are others interested in the affair, for Meeson's is a ' company' (limited). However this may be, Meeson and Co. is undoubtedly a commercial marvel. It employs more than two thousand hands; and its works, lit throughout with the electric light, cover two acres and a quarter of land. One hundred commercial travellers, at three pounds a week and a com mission, go forth east and west, and north and south, to sell the books of 'Meeson (which are largely religious in their nature) in all Jands : and five-and-twenty tame authors (who are illustrated by thirteen tame artists) sit — at ^taries ranging fro(n one' to five hundred a year— in vault-like hutches in the basement, and week by week pour out that hat-work for which Meeson's .is justly . ?unons. Then there arc editors and vice-editors, and ' heads of the various departments, and sub-heads, and financial secretaries, and readers, and many managers ; but | what their names are no man knoweth, because at Meeson's | all the employees of tho great house are known by nuni- ! bers, personalities and personal responsibility being the j abomination of the firm. Nor is it allowed to anyone having dealings with these items ever to .see the same I number twice, presumably for fear lest the number should ' remember that be is a man and a brother, and his heart j should melt towards the unfortunate, and the financial interests of Meeson's should suffer, ln short, Meeson's is ail establishment created for and devoted to money-making, i and the fact is kept studiously and even insolently before the eyes of everybody connected with it — which is, of course, as it should be, in this happy land of commerce. After all that has been written, the reader will not bs sur prised to learn that the partners in Meeson's are -rich beyond the dreams of avarice. Their palaces would have been a wonder even in ancient Babylon, and . would ' have excited admiration in the corruptcst and imst luxurious days of Rome. Where could one see such hones, such carriages, such galleries of sculpture, or fcuch collections of costly gems as at the palatial halls of Messrs. Meeson, Addison, and Roscoe ? ' And to think,' as the mighty Meeson himself would say, with a lordly wave of his right hand to some astonished wretch of an author whom he has chosen to overwhelm with the sight of this magnificence, ' to think that all this comes out of the brains of chaps like you. Why, young man, I tell you that if all the money that has been paid to you scribblers since the days of Elizabeth were added together it would not come up to my little pile ; but, mind you, it ain't so much fiction that has done the trick ? it's religion. It's piety as pays, especially when it's printed.' Then tbo unsophisticated youth would go away, his heart too full for words, but pondering as to how it was that one rarely heard of a poor publisher or of a rich author, and by-and-by he would pass into the Meeson j melting-pot aud leavu something about it. ' One day King Meeson sat in his counting-house counting out his money, or, at least, looking over the books of the firm. He was in a very bad temper, and his heavy brows were wrinkled up in a way to make the counting-house clerks shake ou their stools. Meeson's had a branch estab lishment at Sydney, in Australia, which establishment had, until lately, been paying— it is true not as well as the English one, but, still, fifteen or twenty per cent. But now a wonder had come to pass. A great London publishing company had started an opposition house in Melbourne, and their ' cuteness' was more than the 'cuteness' of Mee- I son. Did Meeson's start an edition of the works of any standard author at threepence per volume, tho oj position company brought out tho same work fe at twopence-halfpanny; did Meeson's subsidise a news paper to puff their undertakings, the opposition firm sub sidised two to cry them down, and so on. And now the results of all this were becoming apparent; for the financial year just ended the Australian branch had barely earned a beggarlydividend of seven per cent. No wonder Mr. Meeson was furious, and no wonder that the clerks shook upon their stools. 'This must be seen into, No. 3,' said Mr. Meeson, bringing his fist down with a bang on to the account sheet. No. 3 was one of the editors; a mild-eyed little man with blue spectacles. He had once been a writer of promise; but somehow Meeson's had got him for its own, and turned him into a publisher's hack.' ' Quite so, sir,' he said humbly. ' It's very bad — it is dreadful to think of Meeson's coming down to seven per cent — seven per cent !' and he held up his hands. ' Don't stand there like a stuck pig, No. 3,' said Mr. Meeson, fiercely ; ' but suggest something.' ' Well, sir,' said No. 3, more humbly than ever, for he was terribly afraid of his employer ; ' I think, perhaps, ( Continued on page 1338.) that somebody had bettor go to Australia, and see what can be done.' ' I know one thing that can be done,' said Mr. Meeson with a snarl : ' all those fools ont there can be sacked, and sacked they shall be; and what's more, I'll go and sack them myself. That will do, No. 3; that will do,' and No. 3 departed, and glad enough he was to go. As he went a clerk arrived and gave a card to the great man. *? Miss Augusta Smithers,' he read ; then, with a grunt, j ' show Miss Augusta Smithers in.' , Presently Miss Augusta Smithers arrived. She was a tall, well-formed young lady of about twenty-five, with pretty golden hair, deep grey eyes, a fine forehead, and a delicate mouth ; just now, however, she looked very nervous. 'Well, Miss Smithers, what is it?' asked the pub lisher. ' 1 came, Mr. Mce=on — I came about my Dook.' ! ' Ynur book, Miss Smithers V' — this was an affectation of j forgetfulness— ' let me see V — forgive me, but we publish so I many books. Oh, yes, I remember : ' Jemima's Vow.' Ob, well, I believe it is going on fairly.' ' ' N°' Mr' Meeson ' 8udden,y ^id AuSusta- -° her feet and looking exceedingly handsome and imposing in her anger-' no! I will not sign the receipt, and I will not take this cheque; and, what is more, I will not write you any more books.' 'I saw you advertised the sixteenth thousand the other day, put in Miss Smithers, apologetically. _ ' Did^ we did we? ah, then, you know more about it than I do, and he looked at his visitor in a way that con veyed clearly enough that he considered the interview was ended. Aliss Smithers rose, and then, with a spasmodic effort, sat down again. ' The fact is, Mr. Meeson,' she said-' the fact is, that— I thought that, perhaps, as ' Jemima's Vow ' had been such a great success, you might perhaps— in short, you might beinclincd to give me some small sum in addition to what I have have received.' Mr. Meeson looked up. His forehead was wrinkled till the shaggy eye brows nearlv hid the sharp little eves ' What !' he said. ' What !' At this moment the door opened, and a young gentleman came slowly in. He was a very nice-looking young man, tall and well shaped, with a fair skin and jolly blue eyes — in short, a typical young Englishman of the* better sort, ajtate suo twenty-four. I have said that he came slowly in, but that scarcely conveys the gay and degaoe air of independence which pervaded this young man, and which would certainly have struck any observer as little short of shocking, when contrasted with the worm-like attitude of. cirePt, roun-i the feet of Meeson. This young £ot- mdeed, even taken the trouble to remove his ! Hat which was stuck upon the back of his head ; his hands ' were in his pockets, a sacrilegious whistle hovered on his °Pened the door of the sanctum sanctorum of j tne Meeson establishment with a kick ! 'How do, uncle 'r' he said to the ' Commercial Terror, wno was sitting there behind his formidable books, address- ' mr *Vm Gy?,n as though he were an ordinary man. ' Whv, what sup r ' ? ? , Just then, however, he caught sight of the very hand- : some young lady who was seated in the office, and his wtiole demeanour underwent a most remarkable changc ; out came the hands from his pockets, off went tho hat, and, rtung he bowed, really rather nicely, considering how im promptu the whole performance was.' ™ hat !'f .if- Eustaee f' asked Mr. Meeson, sharply. Uli, nothing, uncle ; nothing — it can bide,' and, with out waiting for an invitation, he took a chair, and sat down ^ in such a position that ho could see] Miss Smithers without : being seen of his uncle. I 1 was saying, Miss Smithers, or, rather, I was going \ to say,' went on the elder Meeson, 'that, in short, I do not j in the least understand what you can mean. You will re member that you were paid a sum of £50 for the copvright of « Jemima's Vow.' ' ' Great Heavens ! ' murmured Master Eustace, behind : 'what a do!' ' ' At the time an alternative agreement, offering you seven per cent, on the published price of the book, was sub mitted to you, and, had you accepted it, you would, doubt less, have realised a larger sum,' and Mr. Meeson con tracted his hairy eyebrows and gazed at the poor girl in a way that was, to say the least, alarming. But Augusta, though she felt sadly inclined to flee, still stood to herguns, for, to tell the truth, her need was very great. , ' I could not afford to wait for the seven per cent., Mr. ; Meeson,' she said humbly. ] . . 'Ob, ye gods! ..seven per cent;, when he makes about t -£o \\*i' murmure(i Eustace, in the background. Possibly, Miss Smithers ; possibly,' Went on the great ; m-a«5' ii u 1111151 re^]y forgive me if I am not acquainted witn tlie exact condition of your, private affairs. I am, j i however, aware from experience that the .money matters of i most writing people are a little embarrassed.' I ^ Augusta winced, and Mr. Meeson, rising heavily from his diair, went to a large safe which stood near, and extracted from it a bundle of agreements. These he glanced at one by one till he found what ho was looking for. ' ° ' Here is the agreement,' he said; ' let nie -ec . Ah, I thought so— copyright 40 pounds, half proceeds of rights translation, and a clause binding you to offer any future work you may produce during the next five years to our house on the seven per cent, agreement, or a sum not exceeding one hundred pounds for the copyright. Now, Miss Smithers. what have you to say 'r You signed this paper of your own free will. It so happens (hat we have made a large profit on your book: indeed, 1 don't mind telling you that wo have got as much as we gave you back from America for the sale of the American rights: but tliat is no ground for you coming to ask for more nionev than you agreed to accept. I never heard of such a thing in the whole course of my professional experience; never!' and he paused, and once more eyed her sternly. ' At an v rate, t here ought to be something to come to me from the rights of translation — I saw in the paner that the book was to be translated into Frcnch and German,' said Augusta, faintly. 'Oh! yes, no doubt — Eustace, oblige me by touching the bell.' The young gentleman did so, and a tall, melancholv xooking clerk appeared '! IS'' snarled Mr. Meeson, in the tone of peculiar amiability he reserved for his employees, ' make out the translation account of 'Jemima's Vow,' and fill up a cheque of balance due to the author.' No. 18 vanished like a thin, unhappy ghost, and Mr. Meeson once more addressed the girl before him. ' If vou want money, Miss Smithers,' he said, 'you had better write us another book. I am not going to deny that vour work is good work — a little too deep, and not quite orthodox enough, perhaps; but still good. I tested it mvself, when itcame to hand which is a thing I don't often do — and saw ' . , ^as ?? selling quality, and vou see I ?u ^ a mistake- I believe 'Jemima's Vow' wjU sell twenty thousand without stopning— here's the account.'' i^e ^P0^' the spectre-like clerk put down a neatly ruled bit of paper and an unsigned cheque on the desk be foreTiis employer, and then smiled a ghost of a smile, and ranished. ' Mr, Meeson glanced through the account, signed the cheque, and handed.it, together with the account * Augusta, wiio proceeded to read it. It ran thus Avgusta SMiTntr.F in account with Meeson and Co To sale of right of translation of ??Jemima's Vow' into trench ? ' /1. Ditto ditto ditto into German .. ? '? 0 0 ? — ? ? 0 0 '-14 fi o Less amount duo to Messrs. Meeson, bc-ir.g one-half of net prncced- ? M' ' ^ - Le^s commission, &C; ? ? ' ? j I'.l (i 'BoTin; lJalauce due to author, as per cheque herewith Augusta looked, and then slowlv crumpled up the ehemm in her hand. ' LC 'If I understand. Mr. Meeson,' she said, ' vou h-ivo sold the two rights of transkliun of iuv book, which v, ,, persuaded mo to leave in your hands for'£l-l, out of v-Vi' v, 1 am to receive £3 Is r' ' ? 11 'Yes, Miss Smithers. Will you bo so kind as to sin-n the receipt ; the fact is that I have a good deal of business to attend to.' 'No, Mr. Meeson,' suddenly said Augusta, rising to ner feet, and looking exceedingly handsome and imposing in ner anger. 'No; I will not sign the receipt, and I will no take this cheque. And, what is more, 1 will not write you any more books. Youhaveentrappedme. You have taken advantage of my ignorance aud inexperience, and enfrapp me so that for five years I shall be nothing but a slate c you, and, altboueh I am now one of the most popular wii e in the country, shall be obliged to accept a sum for myboo upon which 1 cannot live. Do you know that yeste: rua y was offered a thousand pounds for the copyright ot a like ' Jemima's Vow ?' It's a large sum ; but I ka\e . , j letter. Yes, and 1 have the book in MS. now, an _ could publish it I should be lifted out of P°^rlJa' together with my poor little sister!'' and sue P ' But,' she went on, ' I cannot publish it, and I not let vou have it and be treated like this: 1 ' j T will, starve. 1 will publish nothing for five year*-. ^ write to the papers and say why — because cheated, Jlr. Meeson.' -- Pp careful, 'Cheated !' thundered the great man. |ifl j,. . mind what you are saying. I have a witness. S'SS«Voo tsar-cheated, Eustace: cheated!' i vTp'n'r ' said Eustace, grimly. !v Tmx Meeson: I said 'cheated,' and I will repeat ' Wher I am locked up for it or not. Good morning:, it; eon and she curtseyed to him. and then suddenly tinto a flood of tears. j tn n nr'nute Eustace was by her side. 'Don't cry, Miss Smithers; for Heaven's sake, don't! I I can't bear to see it,' lie said. 1 ''And to think,' as tho mighty Meeson would say, with a lordly wave of his hand, to some astonished wretch of an author whom he had chosen to overwhelm with the sight of this magnificence, ' to think that all this comes out of the brains of chaps like you.' She looked up, her beautiful grey eyes full of tears, and tried to smile. ' Thank you,' she said ; 'lam very silly, but lam so disappointed. If you only knew- ? . There, I will go. Thank you,' and in another instant she had drawn herself up and left the room. 'Well,' said Mr. Meeson, senior, who had been sitting at his desk with his great mouth open, apparently too much astonished to speak. 'Well, there is a vixen for you. But she'll come round. I've known them to do that sort of thing before — there are one or two do\vn there,' and he jerked his thumb in the direction where the twenty and five tame authors sat each like a rabbit in his little hutch and did hat-work by the yard, ' who carried on like that. Hut they are quiet enough now — they don't show much spirit now. I know how to deal with that sort of thing — halt- pav and a double' tale of copy — that's tbe ticket. Why, that girl will be worth fifteen hundred a. year to the house. What do you think of it, young man, eh ?' 'I think,' answered his nephew, on whose goodtem pered face a curious look of contempt and anger had gathered, ' I think that vou ought to be ashamed of yourself.' Chapter II.— HOW EUSTACE WAS DISIN HERITED. 1 n\6re was a Pause — a dreadful pause. The flash had left the cloud, but the answering thunder had not burst upon the ear. Mr. Meeson gapped. Then he took up the cneque which Augusta had thrown upon the table and siowly crumpled it. .'^'ha-t did you sav, young man?' he said at last, in a WW, hard voice. I said that you ought to be ashamed of yourself,' answered his nephew, standing his ground bravely ; ' and, « ro! mor®' 1 meant ft xrh ' N°w, will you be bo kind as to'explain exactly y you said that, and why 3'ou meant it ?' sh« lne^n*; 'V answered his nephew, speaking in a full, v°ice, 'because that girl was right when she said I ha^°U Seated her, and you know that she was right, t^- ve 6ee^ the accounts of 'Jemima's Vow' — I saw them thrm ma you have already made more than a the 64 P°Un^s clear profit on the book. And then, when Doiir^meSiJ0i as^ y°u f°r something over the beggarly fifty tier th 3'0U doled out to her, you refuse, and offer tW. 6 Pounds as her share of the translation rights — re pounds as against your eleven ! ' 'A?1°D'' , *n*erruPted his uncle; ' pray.go on.' avail v 1 u ^ am S°ing- That is not all : you actually ^ate* o^rf ? a disgraceful trick to entrap this unfor literarvVi 311 aKTecnient- whereby she becomes a' die has ~ ve f°r five years ! As soon as you see. that out her^h'1^ ^ou -e^ her that the expense of bringing fec.i &c; r. ' and of advertising up her name, you J1 j i will he very, great— so great, indeed, that lfJ let Tnn i, ^dertake it, unless, indeed, she agrees ®Ve years t 6 first offer of everything she writes for rate of n 001110 a^ 60mewhere about* a fourth of the usual successful author's pay — though, of course, you don't tell her that. You take advantage of her inexperience to bind her .by this iniquitous contract, knowing that the end of it will be that you will advance her a little money and get her into your power, and then will send her down there to the Hutches, where all the spirit and originality aud genius will be crushed out of her work, and she will become a hat-writer like the rest of them — for Meeson's is a strictly commercial undertaking, you know, and Meeson'6 public don't like genius, they like their literature dull and holy! — and it's an infernal shame! that's what it is, uncle ! ' and the young man, whose blue eves were by this time flashing fire, for he had worked himself up as he went along, brought his fist down with a bang upon the writing table by way of emphasising 'his words. ' ' Have you done ? ' said his uncle. ' ' Yes, I've done ; and I hope that I have put it plain.' 'Very well; and now might I ask you, supposing that you sbould ever come to manage this business, if your sentiments accurately represent the system upon which you would proceed ? ' . ' Of course they do. I am not going to turn cheat for anybody.' 'Thank you. They seem to have taught you the art of plain speaking up at Oxford ; though, it . appears,' with a sneer, ' they taught you very little else. Well, then, now it is my turn to speak : and I tell you what it is, young man ; you will either instantly beg my pardon for what you have said, or you will leave Meeson's* for good and all.' ' 1 won't beg your pardon for speaking the truth,' said Eustace, hotly ; 'the fact is tbat here you never hear the truth ; all these poor devils creep and crawl about you, and daren't call their souls their own. I shall be devilish glad to get oy.t of this place, I can tell you. All this chiekery and pokety makes me sick. The place stinks and reeks of sharp practice and money-making — money- making by fair means or foul.' The elder man had, up till now, at all events to outward appearance, kept his ternptr; but this last flower of vigor ous English was altogether too much for one whom the possession of so ? much money had for many years shielded from bearing unpleasant truths put roughly. The man's face grew like a devil's, his thick eyebrows contracted themselves, and his pale lips quivered with fury. For a few seconds he could not 6peak, so great was his emotion. When, at length, ho did, his voice was as thick and laden with rage as a deiise mist iB with rain. 'You impudent young rascal ! ' he began, you ungrate ful fonndling ! Do you suppose that when my brother left you to starve— which was all that you werefit for — I picked you out of the gutter for this — that you should have the insolence to come and tell me how to conduct my business ? Now, young man, I'll just tell you what it is. You can be off and conduct a business of your own on whatever prin ciples you choose, Get out of Meeson's, ' sir; and never dare to show your nose here again, or I'll give the porters orders to hustle you off the premises ! And, now, that isn't all. I've done with you ; ' never you look to me for another sixpence ! I'm not going to support you any longer,' I can tell you. And, what's more, do you know'what 1 am going to do just now? I'm going off to old Todd — that's my lawyer — and I'm going to tell him to make another will and to leave every farthing I have — and that isn't much short of two millions, one way and another — to Addison and Roscoe. They don't want it, but that' don't matter. You sha'n't have it — no, not a farthing of .it : and 1- won't have ' a pile like that frittered away in charities and mismanagement. There now, my fine young gentleman, just be off, and see if your new business prin ciples will get you a living,' ' All right, uncle; I'm going,' said the young man, quietly; 'I quite imderetaii what our quarrelmeans for me, and, to tell you the truth, I am not sorry. I have never wished to be dependent on you, or to have anything to do with a business carried on as -Meeson's is. I have a hundred a year my mother left me, and, with the help of that and my education, I hope to make a living. Still, I don't want to part from you in anger, because you have been very kind to me at times, and, as you remind me, you picked me out of the gutter when I was orphaned, or not far from it. So I hope vou will shake hands before I go.' ' Ah ! ' snarled his uncle ; 'you want to pipe down now, do you ? But tbat won't do. OS you go : ana miuu you u.uu i dci juui iu Pompadour Hall,' Mr. Meeson's seat, 'unless it is to get your clothes. Come, ] cut ! ' 'You misunderstand me,' said Eu stace, with a touch of native dignity which became him very well. ' Probably we shall not meet again, and I did not wish to part in anger, that was all. Good morning.' And he bowed and left the office. 'Confound him!' muttered his uncle as the door closed, ' he's a good pluck one— showed spirit. But I'll show spirit, too. Meeson is a man of his word. Cut him off with a shilling : — not I ; cut him off with nothing at all. And yet, curse it, I like the lad. Well, I've done with him, thanks to that minx of a Smithers girl. Perhaps he's sweet on her? then they can go and starve together, and he hanged to them ! She had better keep out of my way, for she shall smart for this, so sure as my name is Josiah Meeson. I'll keep her up to the letter of that agreement, and if she tries to publish a book inside of this country or cut of it, I'll crush her — yes, I'll crush her, if it costs me five thousand to do it ! ' and, with a snarl, he dropped his fist heavily upon the table before him. Then he rose, put poor Augusta's agreement carefully back into the safe, which he shut with a savage snap, and proceeded to visit the various depart ments of his vast establishment, and to make such hay therein as had never before been dreamt of in the classic halls of Meeson's. To this hour the clerks of the great house talk of that dreadful day with bated breiath — for as bloody Hector raged through the Greeks, so did the great Meeson rage through his hundred depart ments. In the very first office he caught a wrctched clerk eating sardine sand wiches. Without a moment's hesitation he took the sandwiches and threw them through the window. ' Do you suppose I pay you to come and eat your filthy sandwiches here?' he asked savagely. ' There, now you can go and look for them ; and see you here : you needn't trouble to come back, you idle, worthless fellow. Off you go ! and remember you need not send to me for a character. Now then— double quick ! ' The unfortunate departed, foebly re monstrating, and Meeson, hibving glared round at the other clerks and warned them that unless they were careful very careful — they would soon follow in his tracks, continued his course of devasta tion. Presently he met an editor, No. -7 it, was, who was bringing him an agreement to sign. He snatched it froin him, and glanced - through it. ' What do you mean by bringing me a thing like this?' he said; ' it's all wrong.' ' It is exactly as you dictated it to me yester day, sir,' said the ?editor, indignantly. ' 'What, do yon mean . to contradict me ?' roared Meeson. ' Look here, No. 7, you and I had better part. Now, no words ; your salary will be paid to you till the end of the month, and if you would like to bring an action for wrongful dismissal, why, I'm your man. Good morn ing, No. 7 — good morn ing.' Next he crossed a courtyard where, by slipping stealthily round a corner, he came upon a .jolly little errand boy, who was enjoying a solitary game of marbles. Whack came his cane across the 6eat of that errand bay's trou sers, and in another minute he had followed the editor and the sand wioh-ripOTmrine* nlprlr. And so the- merry game went on for half an hour or more, till at last Mr. M ecson was fain to cease his troubling, being too exhausted to continue his destroying course. But next morning there was promotion going on in the great publishing house : eleveii vacancies had to be filled; A couple of glssses of brown sherry and a few sandwiches which he hastily swallowed at a neighbouring restaurant, quickly restored him, however ; and, jumping into a cab, ne drove poBt haste to his lawyers', Messrs. Todd and Jambs. ' Is Mr. Todd in ?' he said to his managing clerk, who came forward bowing obsequiously to the richest man m Birmingham. . . . ' Mr. Todd will be disengaged in a few minutes, sir, he said. ' Ma\ I offer you the Times ?' 'Damn the* Times!' was the polite answer ; 'I don t come here to read newspapers. Tell Mr. Todd that I must see him at once, or else I shall go elsewhere.' 'I am much afraid, sir' ? began the managing clerk. Mr. Meeson jumped up and grabbed his hat. 'Now then, which is it to be ?' he said. ' Oh, certainly, sir ; pray be seated,' answered the manager in great alarm — Meeson's business was not a thing to be lightly lost. ' 1 will see Mr. Todd instantly,' and he vanished. Almost simultaneously with his departure an old lady was unceremoniously bundled out of an inner room, clutch ing feebly at a reticule full of papers and proclaiming loudly that her head was going round and round. The poor old soul was just altering her will for the eighteenth time in favour of a bran-new charity, highly recommended by Royalty; and to be suddenly shot from the revered presence of her lawyer into the outer darkness of the clerk's office was really too much for her. In another minute, Mr. Meeson was being warmly, even enthusiastically, greeted by Mr. Todd himself. Mr. Todd was a nervous-looking, jumpy little man, who spoke in jerks and gushes in such a way as to remind one of a fire hose through which water was being pumped inter mittently. ' How do you do, my dear sir ? Delighted to have this pleasure,' he began with a sudden gush, and then suddenly dried up as ho noticed the ominous expression on the great man's brow. ' I am sure I am very sorry that you were kept waiting, my dear sir ; but I was at the moment engaged with an excellent and most Christian testator' — Here he suddenly jumped and dried up again, for Mr. Meeson, without the slightest warning, ejaculated ; ' Curse your Christian testator ! And look here, Todd, just you see that it does not happen again. ' I'm a Christian testator, too ; and Christians of my cut aren't accustomed to be kept standing: about just like office-boys or authors. See that it don't happen again, Todd.' 'I am sure I am exceedingly grieved. Circumstances — ' ' Oh, never mind all that — I want my will.' ' Will — will — Forgive me— a little confused, that's all. Your manner is so full of hearty old middle-age's kind of vigour' ? Here he stopped, more suddenly even than usual, for Mr. Meeson fixed him with his savage eye, and then jerked himself out of the room to look for the document in question. 'Little idiot!' muttered Meeson; 'I'll give him the sack, too, if he isn't more careful. By Jove! why should I not have my own resident solicitor ? I could get a sharp hand with a damaged character for about £300 a year, and I pay that old Todd quite £2000. Thsre is a vacant placo in the Hutches that I could turn into an office. Hang me, if I don't do it. I will make that little chirping grass hopper jump to some purpose, I'll warrant,' and- he chuckled at the idea. Just then Mr. Todd returned with the will, and before ho could begin to make any explanations his employer cut him short with a Bharp order to read the gist of it. This the lawyer proceeded to do. It was very short, and, with the exception of a few legacies to employes at Meeson's and others, amounting in all to about twenty thousand pounds, bequeathed all the testator's vast fortunes and estates, including his (by far the largest) interest in the great publishing house, and his palace, with the paintings and other valuable contents, known as Pompadour Hall, to his nephew, Eustace Meeson. Mr. Meeson deliberately tore his will into fragments with hia fingers, and completed its destruction by tearing it with his big white teeth. ' Very well,' he said, when the reading was finished ; ' now give it to me.' Mr. Todd obeyed, and handed the document to his patron, who deliberately rent it into fragments with his strong fingers, and then completed its de struction by tearing it with his big white teeth. This done, he mixed the little pieces up, threw them on tho floor, and stamped upon them with an air of malignity that almost frightened jerky little Mr. Todd. ' Now then,' he grimly said, ' there's an end of the old love; *o left en with tbo n»w. Take your pea and re* eeive my instruction* for my .will.' Mr. Todd did as ha wm bid. 44 I 1 nave all my property, real and personal, to be divided ia equal shares between my two partners. Alfred Tom Addison and Cecil Spooner Roscoe. There, that's . abort and mreet. and, one way and another, it means a couple of mliifons.' ?? bood Heavens ! sir,' jerked out Mr. Todd. 41 Why, do you mean to quite cut out your nephew— and the other legatees ?' he added, by way of an after-thought. 'Of course, 1 do; that is, as regards my nephew. .The legatees may stand as before.' ' Well, all I have to say,' went on the little man, as tonished into honesty, ' is that it is the most shameful thing I ever beard of .' ' Indeed, Mr. Todd, is it ? Well, now mav I ask you— am I leaving this property or are you ? Don't trouble yourself to answer that, however, but just attend. Either you draw up tbat will at once, while I wait, or you say good-bye to about £2 lOO a year; for that's what Meeson's business is worth, I reckon. Now yon take your choico.' Mr. Todd did take his choice. In under an hour the will, which was very short, was drawn and engrossed. ' Now then,' said Meeson, addressing himself to Mr. Todd and the managing clerk, as he took the quill between his fingers to sign, 'do you two bear in mind that at the moment I execute this will I am of round mind, memorr, and understanding? There you are; now do you two witness.' « * * ? ? It was night, and King Capital, in the shape of Mr. Meeson, sat alone at dinner in his palatial dining-room at Pompadour. Dinner was over. The powdered footmen had departed wiih stately tread, and the bead butler was just placing the decanters' of richly-ooloured wine before | this solitary lord of all. The dinner had been a melancholy failure. Dish after dish, the cost of any one of which would have fed n poor child for a month, had been brought up and handed to the master only to be found fault with and pent away. On that night Mr. Meeson had no appetite. ' Johnson,' he said to the butler, when he was sure the fooimpn could not hear him, ' has Mr. Eustace been her*?' ' Yes, sir.' '* Has he cone?' ' Yes, sir. He came to fetch his things, and then went away in a cab.' -l Whereto?' ' 1 rton't know, sir. He told the man to drive to Birmingham.' ' i-.u lie leave any message?' ' Yes, sir; he bade me say that you should not be troubled with him again ; but that he was sorry tbat you had parted from him in anger.' ' why did you not give me that message before ?' ' Because Mr. Eustaoe said 1 was not to give it unless you asked after him.' '* Very good. Johnson !' ' Yes, sir.' ' You will give orders that Mr. Eustace's name is n6t : *?be mentioned in this house again. Any servant men - boning Mr. Eustace's name will oe dismissed.' ' Very good, sir!' and Johnson went. Mr. Meeson gazed round him. He looked at the long array of glass and silver,, at the spotless napery and costly flowers. He looked at the walls, hung with works of art, which, whatever else they might be, were at least ex pensive; at the mirmrs and the soft wax-lights; at the marble mantelpieces and the bright, warm fires (for it wax November) ; at the rich wall paper and the soft, deep- bued carpet ; and reflected that they were all his. And tben he sighed, and his coarse, heavy face sank in and grew sad. Of what use was this last extremity of luxury to him ? Ho had nobody to leave it to, and, to speak tbe truth, it gave him but little pleasure. Such pleasure as he had in life was derived from making money, not from spending it. The only tiroes when he was really happy were when he was in his counting-house, directing the enterprises of his vast establishment, and adding sovereign by sovereign to his enormous accumulations. That had been his one joy for forty vearR,. and it was still his joy. And then he fell to thinking of* his nephew, the only son of his brother whom he had once loved, before he lost himself in publishing books and making money, and sighed. He had been attached to the lad in his own* coarse way, and it was a blow to him to cut himself loose from him. But Eustace had defied him. and —what was worse — he hud tcld him the truth, which he, of all men, could not bear. He bad said that his system of trade was dishonest; that he took more than his due ; and it was eo. He knew it; but be could not tolerate that it Bhould be told him, and that his whole life should thereby be dis credited, and even his* accumulated gold famished stamped as iil-gotten; least of all could he bear it from hit dependant. He was not altogether a bad man ; nobody is : he was only a coarse, vulgar tradesman, hardened and defiled by a long career of sharp dealing. At the bottom ho had his feelings like other men, but he could not tolerate exposure or even contradicti«n : therefore he had revenged himself. And yet as he 'sat there, in solitary glory, he realised that revenge does not bring happiness,* and could even find it in hiB heart to envy the steadfast honesty that had defied him at the cost of ils*own ruin. Not tba' he meant lo relent or alter his determination. Mr. Meeson never relented, and never changed his mind: had he done bo he would not at that moment have been the master of two millions of money. (To be continued.} [For continuation of ' The Storytellor ' see page 1345.] 