FOOL CF A WA'l-JfiKblrOUX. The foDowing yarn is told In the Dally Telegraph' to ' A Seafarer' by 'hlalriend, the Second Mate':— 'Tho ohlefmato was a cheerful ltttlo Wol.hraan— Ood roat bl. onl— one ol tbo moat intelligent seamen I waa ever associated witb, with aa toDdor a hoart o, ever beat under a volvot waiatcoat, and eyos ao bright tbat I'd sometimca think tbat tho rednora that tinged thrm waa nothing but tho ecorcbing of tho tkin by tho flashiog of hla g«zc. Wo wore very good friends, both of a rather pootloal turn of mind, no vary groat rarity amongst scamon, though tbo conformedly strained manlineiB of tho sailor makes hm feel eheeplBh ovon to bo enapootod of a rontantio humour now and again. Xbo akipper hovorod abont till 10. then went bolow, I joined the mate, and wo fell to nniotly pacing tho dcok, talking of anything hot tho woathor and tnu heat, and tho calm, bolng sick of the things. No, elr, onr conversation went to oooaidoration of the sort of times we woro to expect at Calcatta, and I was in the midst of telliog him that I waa thinking seriously ot looking not for a mate's berth aboard a conntry wallah, whero the month's wago sounded rati in tho ehBps of ropocB, when he interrupted me by coming all ma a audden to a dead stand, whilst he oriod in a trogio voice that waa acarce more than a hoarse whisper, pointing with a iittlo arm aa he .poke : ' My God, what is that ?' Bis forefinger indicated a spsco of dusk that lay iiko an iok-staio npon tho night that wax dark as tbo sea-lino everywhere olae was ; and in the heart of this peculiar murky blotoh I observed what looked to mo to bo two fino lincB of flatno cIobo together, forking oat of the aca, and lengthening upwards aa one watched with a kind of throbbing pallor whence they proceeded, thoogh thie last was very elusive, and notiaoablo only whon the eight went a iittlo to tho right or left of it. Hush I said I, after straining my hoarlDg a moment, -whilst tho mate stood watohing stookstill, aa though spellboond, ' Do you hoar it Tbo noiso I meant, which, thoogh faint, was andihle enough amid tho pauses of tho flapping canvas on high. Think of a kottlo boiling in a room next io tho ono you u'O soatcd io, and that will bo tho charaotor of the noiso I board, As I spoko thors was a flish of lightning right botwixt tho two flno lines of firo, and tho wild glare threw out tho pondorons folds of a groat oloud hanging, like masses of smoke arrested and pressed down, above thoBo strange and ocer growinglnmioonsstilke. 'A waterspoat — two uf them, it looks like,' aried the mate. 'How does it travel ? Why, by all that's preciouB, II its growth signifies its course, it's hoading dlroot for tho barquo.' Hisvohemout ex clamations startled tho mon who had stowed themselves away about the deoks for a nap. and you saw flitting of dusky figures to the rail, and caoght a noto of nlsrm in the half-Bmothored growl of voioo, nhioh asms uluug. Having, always, tho swing of tho swell, the barque lay as dead on the bob as a lightship, not an iooh oi way onhor; o that thora was nothing potsible to be dono in tho way of manoeuvring. ' But watersponto don't shine,' oriod I, to tho mato. 'Ycb, yes,' he answorod, 'yonder docs, anyhow, It is the phosphorous in tbo water. I have scon such things again and ngain, glowing as thoogh they had got a siroak ot lightning stowed away in their coil.' Be oominued to look ; thon, with an oath, ho cried out passionately that the ppearanco was heading for no, and, with a hound . gained the companion, down which ho' bolted, returning after a fow breathless inomnuta followed by tho captain, who rose out of tho hatoh like a ghost, habited in his hirt and drawers nnly. Hslisvo mo or not aa yon will, but what I'm going to tell yen is as true as that I, who waik by your side now, nm a living man. Tho fire- liocturcd stalks, as I will otilt tlioio, had thi'kennd with inorcdiblo rapidity, and looked 500ft. high, distant as they yet wcro. Thoro was a constant p ay of ligh'ning over thsiu, sometimes very fie-oo and brilliant, iviib sharp cranks ol thunder, whose rover- bera'inns rollod over tho polished undula. tioos of tho water, with a sound of heavy howls hurled along a resonant woodun stags, I'hs a'agnation sround mado tho sight of that small rotating luminous tempost ns wonderful as It was frightful. Kvnry moment heightened tho roar of tho boiling nt its base, nd tho indesoribablo yelling of tho circular pwct- ptng of tho wind of this narrow tempest. Sstno of the men beat with handspikes furiously .upon the scuttlo to urouro the watoh below. I stood watohing, soar oh (Ira - ing a breath, aaptain and mato bosido mo, both f-ihmt. Indoed, Ihi- ro was nothing to bs dons. Wo mig'-t, p»rhaps, hnvn fired a gun, but wo hadn't such a thing aboard. The oour.e of the spout was cssily to bo gsthored by tho sharpoufng of thn mystical gnldon fires which illuminated tho 'evolving columns, end by tho whiting upon the right of tho bed of foam out of wiiian those vast liquid trunks grow, and by hn inornnsing uprosr of the maddened and Hietliing mass of spume and of tho thunder nliists over It following oa-h j igged, barbed lightning stroke wi.h oontinuous detona Inns, comparable only to broadside after hrondsid delivered from a fourdeokod lino- i-.f-hatilo ship. Tho spout came along slowly — if a single spout it were with itB two Aiming limbs and ono doneo head of vapnur. Thore was a bit of hnpe lo bs got. out of thin, lor it might break snd p-iri h ern it rosohed us. The cuptinu otisd, My Gsd ! what shall we do? How f.,»t, is it i ravelling, Ihinkyou, Mr Morgan ? Kiglit miles in tho hour— no fa.ior, Blr,' oroaked tho mate, in the voioe of a man sentenced to doath. , ' It'll bo -aboard us !' roared somo forward -uddenly in a panioal way, and tho ory was instantly followed by a traniio rash ufl of shadows ae 'the figures of tho men lonk-d Hut tho boat wain of -hebarqno, whoso tones I recognised, oried r-ut, -Jump for -shelter, my lade! jump for shelter I Down with you uioer deck, or- there'll be ne'er a life left to explain what hurt tbe chip;- on whioa many of tho men spraDg forward ngain, the captain eayiog iio hing, and the mate as mate as I, for the lightning was orsckling over our heads now. and the barque was plunging npon the heavy sea, flung in Advance by the commotion, though thi re w.ie not a breath of air yot, as I dve to tell it. and the spout almost within pistol shot I Well, I oin only speak i.f my self now, for what followed was like a horrible nightmare, from whioh yon start with the blood thick in your veins, withrmt being ablo to recall a feature of tbe terror that awoke you.' Thn mad impulse one got from tho tight and sound of the spout, and ts horrible nooompaniments of -whiteresa at lo tsnd blackness overhead, was for ahel'er, and my first spring was for the oompanion. with a cry to the oap'ain and mate to follow me, I w aoarue fonr steps down when ilnro happened a shook a, thnugo au earthquake right under the keel of the hsique had torn her into staves. Just for one instant my ear oanght the inexproisible hellish alamour of tons of sweeping water, of spars snapping like pipeslems— theo wash ; the anmt anion way was filled in a Orr-ath, and dow n I went, swept along snd into insensibility by a flood that was a small Mi iuara Faila in its way for weight, Of course I wasn't drowned ; of onuran I regained ooDsolou.ness ; bat tbat va> not so wonderful as that I should have orawled ont of he cabin like a soaked flei.ee, a cane man with every sense tau in him, instead of a grinning and gihhoring idiot. I gained tho deck. Tho night was brinthUas. No round oame off the oonao, ihnugh the hor-Eon hung btaok all around a. before. It took me a while to tee, nnd then I observed that tho barquo was dismasted. The shadow of her dcok strolehed ont before ne, a sheer hulk ! There were figure, moving here nnd there. I hallnrd, and most of. them oame aft. But they wtr'e all too stopefird to anas or ques tion, ; they muttered In a dazed way . Who was mi, sing? What had t.apprmd mote than that tbo barqao Ima been stripped to tbe com-ltion of a naked hull was not to be gathere-t lid tbe dawn oame. Bat hsfnro 'he light broke we had rallied sdffi den'ly to man the pomps snd keep them going. Talk of a wreok 1 No er did tbe sou rise upon a more pitiable s ght tba the barque made ; three jiggid stamp, where ibe lower masti had been ; a whole wilderneaa of wreoksge over tbe aide; bowsprit gubo, the whuio line ot port bulwarks smashed flat, deok house, galley, long boat, quarter boat, — alt vanished, The oaptaio and the poor follow who had been at the wbeol woro milling; their Into needed no gneiBing. But wo found the body of tho mate, cruelly bruitrd and baroiy distinguishable as a human lorm, lying ander a roau of gear. Woll, to end tho yarn, for it's noarly told, wo passed tbreo doys of desporate pumping, for tbo vessel took inwator as though hor bottom had boon a grating, and 'twaa pump or sink, for we were without a boat. But on tho morning of i he fourth day astoamor hovo in eight, spltd ua, and camo alongside. She was just in timo ; wo woro mora spectres, with the Btrcngth of auoh things, and I believe if th<- noxt reiiof of tho pumps had boon called tbcro wonld havo boen no aoawor." 