ECHOES OF THE STREETS. [BY TOMMY TROT.] "Our echoes roll from soul to soul." — TENNYSON. On Sunday morning at St. John's, in my quiet meditations between myself and the Great Jehovah, I was gently tapped on the shoulder, and the tap so reminded me of Mark Tapley (not Dickens's creation) when he served on me a fi.fa. some 50 years ago. But I discovered it was not the ghost of Mark, but my friend Mr. Babington. It appears that although the worthy pastor had overlooked the "loaves and fishes" the good churchwarden was not disposed to lot us go scot free of the collection, the verger performing a similar operation for the " upper circle." How different from the other shop "round the corner," where they advertised a special subject would be preached, and when the congregation met the collection was taken up. One of the street echoes on Saturday last — " Have you been to Rusden's to look at that gown ?" Well, the result was all Launceston went, and no wonder, because it was a work of such artistic merit never seen before in the town of Launceston, and I question if anywhere else. It was oil- painted views on black satin, exe- cuted by a daughter of Launceston, a self-taught artist. She is of the second generation, being a grand- daughter of Mrs. Presnell, and wife of Mr. Carl Burrowes. I believe she has never been out of the town of Launceston, but she has inherited natural abilities, and her industry has helped largely to develop them. I believe I am correct in asserting that her first effort to paint on satin was to commemorate the marriage of Mr. C. B. Grubb to Miss Harrop, when amongst the wedding presents was a framed square of white satin, bearing the united coats of arms of the two families and clasped hands, surrounded by a wreath of native flowers. The needlework and wreaths on the gown exhibited on Saturday are the work of Miss Gardner, and where one has excelled with the brush the other is co-equal with the needle. Being a bachelor, I am not able to describe, as a man milliner could, the length of the train, but I had to stand such a distance off that how one could have waltzed with the wearer was a puzzler. It is gone to be exhibitod in the Tasmanian Court at the Melbourne Exhibition, and I hope it will some day adorn the person of a Tasmanian belle. A word to our rising youths and maidens. There are many who have no trade, no profession, no object before them, nothing to do, and yet have a great desire to do something, something worthy of themselves. To such I would say, the workmen's and juvenile exhibition now presents itself to you. Here is an opening to display your ability and your taste. Fair maidens try to imitate the two who have worked upon that dress-- not that I want you to make dresses alone. I presume various prizes for all kinds of needlework, cooking, drawing, painting, sculpture, and various other subjects too numerous to enumerate here will be offered. A woman without employment, nothing to do, is an absolute pest to society. A man without employment is not a man. He does not prove by his works that he is a man. He cannot act a man's part. A hundred pounds of bone and muscle is not a man. A good cranium full of brains is not a man. The bone and mussle and brain must know how to act a man's part, do a man's work, think a man's thoughts, mark out a man's path, and bear a man's weight of charactor and duty before they con- stitute a man. A man is body and soul in action. A statue, well dressed,may appear to be a man, so may a human being. But to be a man and to appear to be are two very different things. Human beings grow, men are made. The being that grows to the stature of a man is not a man till he is made one. The grand instrumen- tality of man-making is employment. I have always stood up for our boys, even those whom some may sall larrikins. True, they may show a little undue exuberance of animal spirit on the football and cricket ground, but some of our best men were good cricketers and footballers. Mr. Stead, editor of the Pall Mall Gazette, excelled as a cricketer. Now I want our growing man to be something more than a more footballer or cricketer. I do not want the rising generation to be gas-bags, fetid air bubbles, who burst and are gone. A lazy youth will make a lazy man, just as sure as a crooked sapling makes a crooked tree. Now, my boys, I want you to go to work with a will at this coming exhibition, which will certainly take place. Men are not born-they are made. Genius, worth, power of mind are due more to industry and training than to birth. Genius-born may grovel in the dust; genius made by work will mount to the skies. Our greet and good men who stand along the paths of history bright and shining lights are witnesses of these truths. They stand as everlasting pleaders for industrious workers. One word.more. My boys, I expect you to do your duty, so does the town of Launceston, and Tas- mania demands you to place her in that position for which nature has adorned her. If there is one pest more than another that has grown up in our midst is that abominable thing called the skating rink. Here the sexes mix indieeriminately. The dancing saloons were bad enough, but the skating rinks put them to the blush. While our moralists hold up their hands against our sacred eoneerte in the publio gardens, where all acts are soon in the broad daylight, where any act of impro- priety is immediately stamped out, where the moral bearing of the people checks immorality, they tolerate these skating rinks. The coarse laugh, the idle jest, the vulgar sneer of the uncultivated is sanctioned, because it brings a few canker copper coins to the pockets of the pre- meters. Parents, look to it. "Oh, granny, granny, come and see the evening star in the horizon." "Look here, sonny, don't go abotherin' your head about no evenin' stars. Take warning by that astronomer who went star-gazing and didn't lookle where he was ageing, and fell into a well, and there he is now for what I know. You just keep your head a little lower down, sonny. The evenin' star won't fill your belly, and if you get a star-gazing instead of getting star-fed, you'll get star-ved. Go on, sonny, you're a good runner; run on now i get a copper or two. The weather's sold, the fire's out, and nothing in the cupboard, and poor old granny's cold and hungry." "Look here, grasiny, what's the use ? Cold and hungry, we may be, and cold and hungry we must be. But we can't star-re, granny, so here goes for another trip. Hello, the evenin'star's a-settin'. Blowed if I didn't think it was in the east, whereas it's in the western horizon. Good night, granny, I must get an honest penny somewhere, or poor granny'll star-vs. That's how it'll be if I get a setar-gazing, instead of looking where I'm agoin'." There is a charm, a fascination, in seeing one's name in print which few can help fooling, deny it as we will. And we want our names spelled exactly right, too. The average man is not perhaps an anxious about the spelling as the gentleman men- tioned below. It may depend on circum- stances. He wrote to the editor as follows -" In Gaol, - , '88.--lMister Editor, A piece come out in yeour paper about me being arrested and put in quod for stealing a dog and some chickens and getting into a fight. The piece is all right, only you got my name spelled wrong. My name is Jim S. Barlow, and not John L. Harlow, as you print it. Please correct, and oblige me with six eopies of the paper to send away, for which I will pay when I git out. -Your friend, Jzx S. BAurLOw." From the same country as the above comes a sentiment, to which, as it is given for your benefit, Mr. Editor, I expect you to say "Hear, hear":— There are scores of people who world never dream of walking into a tailor's or a hatter's shop and asking for the gift of a walstcrat or the favour of a hat gratis, yet who can see no impro- priety in calling on the publisher of a newspaper for the gratuitous annonnce ment of a course of lectures, a patent fly trap, or any other notion, in the bringing of which before the publis they happen to hare an interest. "EXHIBITION OF FISHING TACKLE."--We are now opening the first of our season's tackle which will be on view on Saturday, consisting of all the latest novelties, well worth inspec- tion. — FRANK HART AND SON. SEWING Machines.--Before buying a sewing machine, you ahould see the "New High Arm Wertheim ;" the only really noiseleass mehline, -FtANE HART iND SNi, Brisbane.street. 