Notes from Goldfields in Mulgrave and Burnett.-VII. AURIFEROUS OUTPOSTS, GAYNDAH. The gold discovery at Eidsvold, although the most important, is by no means the earliest in this part of the Burnett district. At Swindle Hill, now taken up in mining claims under the name of Thistle Hill, not far from Eidsvold station, shafts were sunk by some prospectors fully fifteen years ago, but although good prospects were obtained nothing payable was found. Tradition states that two shafts were sunk near the apex of the ridge, and a crosscut made outwards from each in the expectation of getting the reef. Had the crosscut been made from one shaft to the other the reef, which carries heavy gold, would have been cut, and tho present goldfield possibly anticipated by all thoßO years. Insteaa of this the gold seekers, finding nothing, lost heart, and involuntarily realised Horace's dictum— Aurum iureportum ot sic mclius situm Cum terra celat, spcrnere fortior Quaui promero humiiuos iv usus Oraue sacrum rapioiite dextru. Another gold dittoovery, known as the Bee hive, with a neighbouring claim called the Bridgewater, was mado about tho same time near Yarrol station, somo thirty miles to tho north-east of the present diggings. Great expectations wore entertained of this find, for which a complete crushing plant was ordered from one of the Maryborough foundries andworked for some time at a considerable loss. The owners eventually sold out or were sold up, and the battery wan removed, I know not whither, and since then the Beehive and Bridgewater have slept the sleep of tho " bust." Within the last week or two, however, the Beehive has once moro boon taken up by Messrs. M. Moreton, Woodyatt, and party, and seems likely to become the nucleus of another goldfield. At Brovinia, far away to the southward, on one of the southern affluents of the Burnett, is another of these isolated golden spots, yclept tho May Queen, while a reef reputed gold bearing has been worked with varying success Binco the latter part of 1886. Machinery ex pressly imported for this claim from America is on the ground, and in process of completion. It is to be hoped that the results will be com mensurate with the liberal expenditure in ourred, but this appears to be somewhat doubt ful owing to the highly mineralised character of the reef, which is against the easy amal gamation of the finer particles of gold. On tho road from Eidsvold to Gayndah, which follows generally the course of the river Bur nett, is an interesting auriferous district known as the River Bend. It is situated about twelve miles west from Gayndah, and oooaute of a. series of thinly-timbered ridges and flats, the geological formation being clay slate, inter sected with quartz reefs of every size and variety. Many rich discoveries here await the hand of the explorer, for . owing to some cause not readily accounted for, but a very small number of claims has as yet been taken up. Of these the principal are the Gould and I (usually pro nounced " the Golden Eye"), the "Wellington's Own, and the Auld Lang Syne. In each of these are reefs of extraordinary strength and thickness and highly payable at B'dwt., the smallest proportion of gold yet crushed per ton of stono. The river Burnett has been alluded to incidentally often 4 enough to merit a few words of description. Like most other main watercourses, it has features of its own, deter mined by the geological formation of tho dis trict through which it flows, so that it id readily recognised in any part of its course. From the junction with Dalgangal Creek, where it first assumes its riverine aspect, it is a pebbly and shingly channel some I<JO to 200 yards wide, contained within high sandy or loamy banks of the levit typo and fringed with magnificent euoalypts. Tho flow of water is nearly, if not quijjj, continuous, even at the Hiu-face, and in many places covers nearly tho whole of tho river bed to a depth varying from a few inchos to a couple of feet. In a few spots deeper roaches are found, in which fish, principally mullet, disport them selves, and occasionally the river, for a mile or two where the full happens to bo trifling, is aotually navigable for punts or fiat-bottomed boats. From above Eidsvold, as far down as Mundubbern, the river bed harbours but little vegetation, and in many places nerves as a coach road. FromMundubbera, however, its aspect gradually changes, dense thickets of ti-tree and other shrubby vegetation occu pying the sandhills along its course, and enoroaching in places on tho chan nel itself. For some distance above and below Gayndah, which occupies nearly the centre of the Burnett tableland, are some fine permanent reaches of water, whioh -delusively contrast with the torrent-like character of the river in other places. Portions of a pontoon bridge once proposed at this spot are still to be found kicking about on some of tho stations and serving various undigninod purposes. The Burnett, to say the truth, is too capricious in its flow to be satisfactorily negotiated either by a ferry or a bridge. When tho water is at ita ordinary level the forry boat will hardly float and the river is fordablo almost anywhere, whereas a bridge—tojwithstand the volume and impetus of the watery delugon that come down in the rainy season and strew their traces in the huge boulders and rollers, the bent and twisted ti-tree thickets, and the tons of drift left entangled in their branches, by whioh the river may be at once known in any part of its course—would have to be of a solidity and dimensions out of all keeping with its tem porary object. Below Ideraway the character of the river ehangos greatly for the worse. The proximity of mountain spurs of the Mount Ferry Range has encumbered its bed with masses of rook, which, joined to the quantities of drift timber caught in the tops of the ragged, bent, and gnarled trees that are dotted over its bed, impart to the latter a savage and repulsive aspect. These characteristics aro continued to near Walla, where the appearance of basaltic dykes, and tho rich vegetation on the accompanying volcanic soil, clothe it for a while with soft and picturesque hues. A mile or two above Bundabeift the river becomes tidal, and for the short re mainder of its course has tho general features of other coastal rivers. That a large portion of the upper course of the Burnett is charged with drift gold is probable, but the difficulty of " bottoming" so enormous an accumulation of drift sands, pebbles, and bouldei a will always be prohibitive of any attempt to explore its treasures. At the river bend, where beds of elate traverse the course of the river, patient fossickers have occasionally made a scanty sub sistence by pioking drift gold out of the joints of the slate, whero it is to be found in filmy plates of extreme thinness, but the game is, roughly speaking, not worth the candle, and is only indulged in as a last resource. Gayndah, the anoient capital of the Burnett, is pioturesquely seated on a breezy tableland overlooking the broad and deep course cut by the river during an endless series of rainy seasons. Lengthened occupation has cleared all the environs of timber, and the unobstructed expanse of grazing land gives tho Bcene a distinctly pastoral character. At the back of the town, less than half-a-niile away, abruptly rises a thinly-timbered doublo peakod hill, whence a magnificent panorama of the wide rolling uplands, flanked on all sides with dark bluo mountain ramparts, may be enjoyed. To the west looms the dark frowning bulk of Mount Debatable, which for more than fifty miles to the eastward serveß the bushman as a guide to mark the site of Gayndah. The prettiest view of the latter is obtained from the Gap, about a mile and a half on the Maryborough-road, where the long main Btreet, foreshortened in distance, with the river to the right, the mount to the left, and gardens and cultivation plots in the fore ground, make up a really charming picture, one unfortunately that does not improvo on nearer approach. For Gayndah if, figuratively speaking, a city of tho dead, peopled chiefly with the ghosts of departed wool teams and other reminisconces of a bullocky past. On the veranda of the prin cipal hotel, aristocratically dubbed the " Club," coteries of snowy-coated Rquatters still recliuo on thoir canvas-backed chairs, discussing the inroads of a wicked radicalism and the difficulty of making ends meet with 30s. a mile rents and "fats" at only £5 a head, or superciliously oying the travel-stained coach passengers who huvc just arrived from the plebeian diggings or doubly plebeian Maryborough. And at race times, not ho frequent or to well frequented as of yore, a feeble attempt at high jinks is still made, in tho cour&o; of which these " salt of the earth" sometimes condescend to show that they are still amenablo to human frailties. But, largely speaking, the glory of the place has departed, and ruined villas, door and windowleßß hovels, untrimmod gardens, broken or patched fences, and once flourishing orchards choked with weeds silently but expressively proclaim " Ichabod." The transit of a portion of the stream of traffic from the coaat to Eidsvold has latterly infused some life into the " deserted village." That fatally facile building material, galvanised iron, which is responsible for so many deaths from *' sunstroke" and "heart disease," is in de mand, and a few of the erstwhile ruinous tene ments are being patched up for occupation by a higher order of creatures than the übiquitous goat; but whether the spurt will endure is fairly open to question. Much will depend on the future of Eidsvold, which, however, has attracted the major part of the able-bodied population, and for the present at least is largely responsible for the desolate and listless aspect of the old municipality. The best hope for Gayndah, to my thinking, lies in its becoming a centre of farming operations whence the new goldfield can be supplied with horse-feed, fruit, and other produce, for the growth of which the rich and deep black Boil of the surrounding plains, rivalling in fertility that of the Darling Downs, admirably adapts it. Idlb Quiix. 