(Boob Stodes. The mysterious Letter. A WELL AUTHENTICATED OHOST STOHY. A party of travellers on an Intercolonial steamship were telling ghost stories,' Tho Rev. Mr. Oryder of the Church of England was of tho party. He listened, but did not talk. When all the othcre had exerted all their ability in the production of gooso pimples, a facetious youth urged.Mr. Cryder, who was a man of much dignity, to tell bis experience. No one thought he would com ply. But he did. ' Ten years ago,' ho said, ' I was a poor curate in a small Berkshire village, where through the influence of some friends, I received an invitation to preach a trial ser mon at ono of the London churches. No time was to be lost, for I had to provide a aubstitute, arrange my ideas, pack my things, and overthiug being at last in proper shape, I hastened to tbe railroad station to take the lightning express for London. ' So absorbed was I in my thoughts, for a call to London is an event in a young curate's life, I may say tho event, that I paid no at tention to tho surroundings, but suddenly I noticed n person walking before me on the plank road whom I had not seen before. Ho was a stout, square-built man, with red whiskers and a l»ald bead, who seemed to sutler intensely from the heat, for he carried his hat in his hand and pulled out a large blue handkerchief, no doubt to wipe tbe perspiration from his brow, for it was a very sultry August day. In taking out his handkerchief he dropped a letter. I picked it up to givo it to him, when sud denly 1 saw that theaddres3 was iumymother'a hand- writing — my sainted mother's, who had been dead for more than five years. ' I stopped in surprise. I rubbed my eyes; but there it waa, my dear mother's well known writing, and the letter was ad dressed : ' ' To the Rev. Benjamin Ckvder, ' ' Stonebrldgc, ' County of Berkshire, ' 'England.' ' That was I. ' There was no postmark on it, and I did not know whether to open it or ask the red whiskered man for an explanation, when I heard the shrill whistle of a locomotive and saw the train roll into the station. I ran as fast ns my legs would carry me— ran, as it were, for dear life ; for when I reached the station the train was gone, and so was the letter. I thought I must have dropped it. I hastened to the very spot where I had found it, but in vain, and after an hour's needless search, could do nothing but telegraph to London and resign myself to my fate, for it was the last train, on Saturday night, and I thought I had lost my only chance in life. .' ' Thy will be done,' I prayed that night, 'and if I am to remain a poor curate, let me thank Thee for Thy great mercy to have kept me away from the wickedness of the great city and its manifold temptations.' ' When next day I went to church, bright with cheerfulness, my parishioners stared as if they bad seen a ghust, and the sexton rushed forward, grasping me by both hands. ' ' You alone saved, Mr. Cryder?' ' ' Saved from what ?' ?' ' From the railroad wreck.' ''I don't know of any railroad wreck, Has there been an accidents 1' ' ' Why, tho train on which you meant to go to London has been thrown down an em bankment, and nearly every passenger killed I' The ghost story tellers were speechless, and even the facetious youth did nut dare to doubt tho reverend narrator's truthfulness. 11 Did you ever obtain a clue to that mys terious letter .' ' Mr. Cryder was asked. ' Never. I regard it as an interference of my departed mother by special permission of Providence.' ' And how did it end I' ' I preached in London on the nest Sun day and was installed as rector of St. — — Church a few weeks afterward. 