CLAUD ARCHER'S MISTAKE. By R. L. Chapter XV. TjOVR AKn 1YRAT1T. Fot two, At least, of the little party the days in Paris passed pleasantly enough. Molly had ceased to struggle against what she had begun to teel was her destiny. Archer's words had taken all. power of resistance fromlier. Not only on" account of the,terror they had awakened on the score of her motherV health, but also because they had first taught her that deep in her heart was a secret hitherto unknown to herself—to her young mind a shameful Becret—a love which she believed -ubreturned and utterly hopeless. Yes, on the day Archer had forced himself to advocate CutlibertVeuit, poor Molly dis covered her weakness." She was in love with her cousin. V; , Henceforth heFaffort* should be first, to hide, and ultimately -tojcrush out, her folly. To her it seemed the 'wildest folly, for Archer, in,her imagination, was a man set apart, ob* iar reinoved drom , the craving, yearning Ipfbjust awakened in her, as if he had heeu-fi ^Mnntatarintbe heavens. "If hjs ohly loved me," ehe thought, " I could happy , even in that , dismal atyeet he liires and works" in. J could even learn to be uieful land help him. It would' be my pride, and my glojry to do so.R Snph tpoiighte Were anickly banished, and giving wjWv t® her .joyous,, beauty- loving nature, ehb often found herself well hatisfied, even delighted, with the sights and sounds of Paris. A; • '■ - . Cuthbert'sinfihence over her. too, increased every day. He: was ever corefnl not to over whelm her with UttenticNbiB ] at the same time he never relaxed in his efforts to amuse and interest her. He soon discovered: that what pleased her most were the art collections, and expe ditions into the country about Paris. For the theatres she did not care so much, so after a little they spent their mornings in the galleries, and then drove out of the city to some pretty distant spot, returning to a late dinner and a quiet hoar or two after in their hotel. One afternoon, after they had been abont a fortnight in Paris; they Btarted early to drive to a little on the way to Fonfaineblean, where there was said to a beautiful old wood,'a charming view of the Seine, and an excellent inn. Mra Liddon, who had not been well in the morning, looked unusually white even for her, but she said there was nothing the matter' with her, and professed herselt de lighted with the glorious weather and the pleasant, drive. Molly, too, was in good spirits, bnt Culh bert, although looking rather flashed and excited, was nnnsualty silent. With-the prescience of love and jealousy, Mra. Liddon divined his thought , " He willspeak to her to-day," she said to herself with despair at her heart ".So much the better. This lingering torture will then be over." They reached the little inn, and the land lord, with French effusion, ushered them into his best room. They bad some coffee and some fruit and then Cuthbert proposed a walk in the wood, which began a few yards from the hac^ <>* the house. ' "Go, by allmeans; but yon must leave me here" saidMya. Liddon," fori feel a little tired." . "ThenI will stay with you," said Molly. "I would much rather." "No, dear, youmustnot The walk , will be delightful, the day: ,1s so lovely, and; you will be charmed with the littleiwood, it is no pretty. Ishallsitiiere and look at the view, or ^erhapt sleep lor a little while. So pray ^ " Vbry*well,'if you wish it," eaid Molly, re 10 Whffl&AraiAiiy;& Liddon- sat in an t arm^^hady.taring %ywindof, -pat not looking a\„the view. She, was in deep tbouA^a usuw " U is inearly over,"8b» was thinking. "He will come back,presently and tell me Molly has acceptefl nlm." My tsask will be over, and thfen how'shall I live? He has been the meaning of my life for so. long, that it will indeed be#mpty when the time comes to cast him out of my thoughts. What an effort that .will require) How weak and low J feel to- day I" ' . . ■ . She lay back m. her chair, and as the. western Bun.low in the heavens, shone on and glorified her white face, it showed that; the finely-cut features were sharpened as though by suffering, and that there were slight hollows on the temples and the cheeks. She fell into a light Bleep, and was presently aroused by a sound like church bells in her ears. She sat up in her chair and listened. All was Btill again. " I am sure I heard bells,' she thought, but the Bilence remained unbroken. "I must have been dreaming of church bells—of marriage bells, perhaps," and she Bmiled sadly. Again she' fell aBleep, and again was awakened by the same sound. Then there was a great throbbing in her ears, like the working of a huge steam hammer. "Am I going to be,ill?" she wondered, and Bbe thought of going to the door, ana calling somebody, but an ever-increasing lassitude held her to her chair. . In the meantime, the others were wander ing about the wood, through paths thickly strewn with autumn leaves and flecked here and there with sun-rays, broken by the thick foliage through which they crept As they walked side by side, young and handsome, he talking with animation, she listening with bright eyes and heightened colour,'they might have been taken for true lovers, which, indeed, they were not, for he loved with the love of the eye—with a feeling that was merely refined sensuousness —and she, poor girl, was like one in a dream, swept away without power of resistance before his stronger will, and the circum stances of her life. ' "I'ha'd a year in France when I wasa boy/' .Cuthbert was saying. " Mr. Liddon wisely' sent me away from'England for two years, - one to France, the. other to Germany, that I might jearh the languages, before going up to the University.'.' " How I envy you!" exclaimed Molly. "1 speak Fienchiso badly. I should like to live1 here for a year, with a French family who could not speak a word of English. Oh what j a beautiful leaf ! I must have it, to keep in remembrance of my first.visit to France." "Lfet me give it to you." And Cuthbert hastily picked up one, on which brilliant crimson and yellow combined to make decay beautiful; '" Yet no!" he said, suddenly, as she was about to take it; "i will not mark this day by giving you an emblem of death." . j "Are you superstitious Tasked Molly, sur-! prised. - ->,■ . >• : 7 ' "I am becoming so, ! think," he replied, and added tohimSelf, "like all lovers. "• " I nth.glad y"ou "did not let me have the jleaf now that you have reminded me of what it means. - Lhate death, and, oh 1 I am so afraid of it!" and Molly shivered. . "Why? It is the natural end." " I kapwj^b'ul rSmhbkafccepfc the idea of it with tatoriMae. B.li cannot bear to think that one dpTS shallfhaWtodie," and the. colour fagfep frgpi her cheeks, at the thought ,-: " How impressionable you are ! Why, you havgr turned qu#e .^vhite." •? And Cuthbert tenderly? took hfejr band; ? She igeritly Tif ifthdreur^t. flushing again at hfs touch. ? ^ K ' , . > CnthbertJooked at,ber with passionate ad miration: Tins' dajy'her liveliness Seemed to have brokeu up°n him with redoubled power, and;be. jtejt -the time pad come upon him withliedduhled ^owpr," and he felt the time had come when he must Bpeak. " Molly,"iie'begam.taking lier hand again, and drawmgher JO him.:.;You know,.- yon must know what I am. about to say. I love yori-sb that T cannot live.withoutyou." Molly made no reply, bnt bid her face. She felt more than ever in a dream, standing there with his arms around her. . She dis engaged herSelf from his embrace, forced herself to look at him steadily, and said, in a .voice that, would.tremble— " I am afraifLLdo not love you." " If there is -adoubt give me the benefit of it," he said, laughing. A great load seemed lifted from bis mind, for she had submitted to hisembrace, and now Bhe spoke with hesi tation.: ... '• -She did not answer him, bnt stood with an expression of paiu and perplexity in her eyes. Between her and Cuthbert there had arisen, in her imagination, the pale, intellectual face of Claud Archer, and with overpowering force the thought rushed upon her of how different her feelings would have been had her cousin spoken the words she had just heard instead of Cuthbert Liddon. A doubt, too, was torturing her as to whether she ought to confess her hopeless love ; but an overpowering shyness sealed her lips, and she thought she could never do that—never, never, "I am waiting for a word, Molly," said Cuthberc, growing anxious. "Don't keep me in suspense. One will do." i^he.thpugbt of her mother. How ardently die wished this marriage. How Claud had said she must not be grieved or troubled ; also, how Claud himself had seemed to push her on. All combined to push her on, gild only her foolish, sick fancy withheld her. 'If Say yes, Molly. Say that you will marry me," said Cuthbert, again seizing her luinds. f " Yes,"she said, faintly ; "but you must igpt expect much ot me." 'My own darling, I will expect nothing! rat the privilege of loving and guarding you; «d) your life." TlTbe eun had sunk.in the heavens, and the tth was covered with the cool twilight of nine, when the two youug people slowly entered the inn. jfl'he landlord met them in the passage, «d, with his finger on his lip, whispered— |i" Madame dortS v fThey then went very gently into the room, and by the dim light of the fading day saw Mrs. Liddon Bitting as When they had left lifer, facing the window, and with her back to tile door. rT - fOue delicate white hand was hanging over the arm of the chair, and her head was drooping a little on one Bide. Molly crept softly round, and looked into hfer face.. The rigidity and pallor she saw (here startled her, and she uttered an excla mation which quickly brought Cuthbert to her side. ;•> 'V -;v f-v. " What is it ?''. he asked, . * no inqu,vuf a" I don'tknPwfMbllyreplied; "butlook, Ilhink ue muatQbe ill.!? , S" She has fainted. Heln me to Help me to lay her fiat Mrs. Liddon's knees with her and Cuthbert lifted Hx>w l^^LhAs4hey both thought* and suddenly,. lilfe .a. flasb, a dreadful sus picion-dartra ah to the fdung, pian's, mind Nervbublynetriedto' discover if the heart was beating, but he could feel .no pulsation. Thinking, nevertnafeisilt knight ,fffe but,A bad fainting fit, !w~bell jPently,j BTOH TTdS' The landlord, appeared, carrying a flaring' candle. At the same moment something struck heavily against Molly's head. It was a huge bat, tjiat, attracted by the light, ,haa flown.through the open window. Th$ landlord pint down the candle, and jumped about, vainly trying to drive out the loathsome intruder. "Comehere I" exclaimed Cuthbert.. "ThiB lady is very ill Send at once for a doctor." The: Frenchman Pushed to the sofa, looked hard at the face of the reclining woman, touched her hand, her heart, and then ex claimed in .awe-struck whisper— "EUe est mortef" On the evening of the next day, pale with 1 agitation and fatigue, Molly presented herself to her mother and to Mrs. Fenn's astonished ] eyes. Cuthbert had sent her back to England, with Mrs. Liddon's maid, and had himself remained in Paris. " Why, Molly ! I did not expect you. My child, you are as pale as a ghost! What is the matter ?" Molly Bank into a chair, and burst into a flood of lesrs. With 'loving hands Aunt Penn removed her wraps, and kissed and soothed her as thongh she had been a child. By degrees she told her story, and when she had finished, her mother said solemnly— "In the midst of lite we are in death. I al ways thought that Mrs. Liddon had some disease of the heartj she was so very white." " I have something else to tell you," said Molly, very wearily. "I might as well get it all over at once. Mr. Liddon has asked me to marry him." "And you, Molly? Have you accepted him?" "Yes, I have accepted thri," replied the girl in the same languid voice. "Thank God I" said Mrs. Carroll, fer vently. "Come here, Molly." Molly went to her. knelt by her Bide, and Mrs. Carroll kissed tier. "You have removed a mountain of care from my mind. Yon do not know, my child, how I have fretted about your uncertain future. You are going to m&Try; a good, kind man, and you will be happy," , Molly, whose face was buried < in her mother's lap, began to sob convulsively. "Yes, I know, my dear, ybu are thinking of the poor friend who helped to bring this about, and who has been so suddenly and awfully removed. Go and rest, dear, for you are worn out." Molly rose, and went up to her room with Mrs. Penn, who bustled about, lit the fire, got some tea, and did all she could for her darling's comfort. Meanwhile Molly sat leaning back in a chair, lost in Bad thought Her eye fell upon a little gold bangle she was wearing, that Mrs. Liddon had given her only two days before, and now she was dead —tn&t; good, kind friend ! Tnen she thought of Cuthbert, and a j flatter, half of terror, thrilled her heart Could it be that she was really engaged to kirn, had promised to marry him—to be his | companion for life ? \- -She strove to put the thought away from her, and got np from the cbair, and changed her dress.; Then Bhe: sat down agaui, and drank her tea. and, presently, thinking her mother might; feel anxioua about her, she went dowft stairs. '": * . When she entered the sittingroom she was startled by the sight of Archer. He rose when she went in, and took both her bands. His own were like ice, and he looked ubusu&lly; pale, bat he spoke quite calmly. V : ■ " I hear I have to congratulate yout Molly. 1 do; rand wish you happiness with all my heart.*': - A wild, appealing look, like that in the eyes of some hunted, dumb animal,' was ail the reply tie received; but so eloquent was it in pathos that it nearly-broke down, his self, control, and swept away his resolutions like so many -dry leaves before a Storm. The "next instant Molly was quietly, seated before him, with the disturbing eyes fixed 011 the ground. Mrs. Carroll watched the little scene;with uneasiness. A vague suspicion of the true state of things entered her mind, for the first time." . Archer Bat on for about half an boar, and MoHy with difficulty told him all the par ticulars.of the terribly sudden death of Mrs. Liddon. L He listened, but there was an undercurrent J in his'mind at) theJime. Moiiy was lost to him, and he might have won her. She did | not love the man 6he was going to marry, and in that glance of appeal she had asked him to rescne her. It was too late. He conld do nothing. 