TANK MEASUREMENTS, &o.; I As many correspondents Bond us arithmetical calcula tions which aro unworkable, owing to want of information, we remind those who desire measurements of tanka, &c;" that it is necessary to make perfectly oloar tho shapo and measurements. Diagrams should also bo inolosod. In the . casó of tanks, it is necessary to send : (1) Tho length and breadth at tho top, (2) Tho length and breadth at the bottom, and (8) the depth. Tho "batter" is not neces sary.; Marriage-J. W. (Winton): Is marriage before 8 a.m. or after 8 p.m. legal?-YOB. : Stamp for Agreement-Inquirer (Inverell) : Does an ordinary agreement require a duty stamp ?-Yes." Polishing AgateB-Casino : Agates are polished on a wheel of hard wood, with tripoli (rotten stone) and water. H.M.S. Nelson--Inquirer (Sydney) : The height of the main truck to tho netting ia 168ft, from netting to water line 26ft. Ear DrumB-Sufferer (Weddin), and York (Darga villé, N.Z.): Commnnioate with Elliott Brothers, ohemiats, Sydney. Tank Measurements-Ono of Thom (Blaokall, Q.) : 101,636 oubio feet.-Subsoriber (Toganmain Sta tion) : 15301 oubio yards. ' Grammatical Question-A. B. 0. : A says " Mr. D thought it were you." B says, " Mr.. D , thought it was you." Who is right ?-B is right. Noise in the Head-D. 0. (Bibbenluke) : You aro possibly Buffering from nervous weakness, and should go to a qualified medical man for advice. Now Tooth BruBh-W. H. W. (Adelaide) : The tooth brush inquired for is made by the Horsey Manufacturing Co., Utioa, New York, U.S.A. , House to House Toaohor-Inquirer (Corowa) : Is a houso-to-houBO teacher supposed to find his or her board while teaching at different houses P-Yes. . . Stook Trespassing-Inquirer (Inverell) : A neigh bor's stook has been trespassing on my run for several yearB. How far baok oan I sue for damages P-Six yéars. Land Measurement-Inquisitive (Greenmantle) : One quarter-aoro of land measures very nearly 34| yardB square. One half-acre measures 49 1-5 yards Square. . Eleotrio Motor-J. M. (Hamilton, V.) : Has an oleotrio motor been invented in Amorioa to run be fore trainB to provont railway aooidentB P-.Not as far aB wo know, ? Horse Brands-A Subscriber (Whittingham) : The former ÍB tho registered brand of Leonard Dail, Ulla dulla. The latter ÍB tho registered brand of Joseph Douglaas, Biohmond. Legal-Anxious : If my father dies without leaving a will, and thon my mother dioB and loaves no will ; who becomes heir to tho property P-The ohildron aro entitled in oqual shares. Onida, tho Novelist-N. D. (Sydney): "Onida" (Mdllo. Louiso do la Ramóe) was born in Bury St. EdmundB, in 1840. She began when very young to contribute to magazines. Farm and Gardon-Movingellah : Wo do not know whether tho papor in question is still in existenoe. You oan got all tho information you require from tho TOWN AND COUNTRY JOURNAL. Tin Inquiry-Inquiror (Inverell) : Whon tho torra " unit " is appliod to tin, it ÍB equivalent to porcont age. Thus tin of 100 units is puro tin. The term is ono of proportion, not of woight. , I Divoroo-Balfour (Shollharbor) : In tho event of a woman booomiug divorood from hor husband, docs sho retain his namo or resumo hor maidon ñamo P She usually rotains her married namo. . Emu Peathors, &c-F.; W. K. (Cobar) : Is thoro cny Bale for emu Bkins P-Thoro is only a limited demand for emu BkinB. If good tLoy fotoh from 4B to 5a oaoh. Samplos can ho sont to tost their valuo. ^ Londing Monoy-Anido (Urana) : Suppoao that A londB B monoy aa a gift proaumably, and A fails (or booomesbankrupt) can ho olaim any of the monoy now P YOB ; unloBB B oan provo that it was a gift. , Stook Trespassing-Solootor : 1. Can asquattoroat my grass aftor my solootion haB boon oonfirmodp Np. 2. What remedy havo I if ho continuos'to allow his stook to troapaasP-Suo him for damagoa. Suing for Debt-Reader (Bathurst): If I suo young man for debt, and got a verdict for the BUI olaimed, and he takes no notice of it, what is my nos stop to take ? Ho has no goods or propo?fcy.-Yo can do nothing. Potts'B Point-Mudgee (Merriwa) : Potta'B Poir, was named after a Captain Potts, master of a wha! ing vessel, to whom the first grant of land in tho locality was made. Ho lived there for Bomo yearß i the early times. Marriage Without Parents' Consent-Now Chm (Quipolly) : 1. Can a girl get married at tho ago c 16 years without hor parents' consent?-No. £ At what ago can a girl got married without har parente consent?-21 years. Repayment of Loan-Subaoribar (Maoleay River) A owes B a oertain Bum of money, and B writes t A's employer for payment without A's consent. I A exempted from payirig BP-Yes; if A's employe has paid tho money. Notice to Quit-A. T. (Moruya) : I engaged with i firm as bookkeeper and storekeeper at the rato of £> por week, to be paid ou the first of every month What notice have I to give or get before I leave th situation?-Ono month. Sick Chiokens-T. Green (Petersham) : Your fowl are sufferiner from roup, rooipos for ouring whiol have been published over and over again this year ii our anBwerB to correspondents. If you will look u] the baok filoB you will find thom. Knuokle Growing Out-Subßoriber : Tho knuokl joint of my first finger ia growing out. What remed; can I use to reduoo tho bono> to its natural size P-Wi eould not give an opinion without examination. Yoi had bettor oonBult a qualified medioal man. Chemioal Cooler-J. C. (Perth) : There is no sud ohemioal; but tho wrapping of a oloth saturatoc with ether round the vessel if the latter is made of i good oonduoting material, as tin, would, upon thi evaporation of the ether, cool down the milk. Gloves at Weddings-Etiquette (Grenfell) : Eti quette demands that gloves should bo worn at i wedding. But they are taken off during tho core, mony by the parties wedded. They might be dia penaed with in hot weather for olimatio roaBonB. British National Expenditure-Politician (Bur wood) : When Gladstone firBt became Chanoollor ol the Exoheqner he found the gross national amma expenditure at ¿855,500,000 a year. When he finally left the Exoheqner it stood at some ¿885,000,000. Newly-built Houses-Subsoriber (Junee) : Som( European towna forbid the oooupation of newly built houses until four months aftor completion, af there are nearly 5000gal of wator uBod in the mortal and building of 50,000 bricks, whioh should first drj out. Royal Visit to Ireland, &o.-C.; J. B. : The Queer visited Ireland in August, 1849 ; in August, 1853 ; anc in Augast, 1861. 2. It is not possible to Bay wi tl acouraoy at what distance a stag haB boon killed witt an arrow. Robin Hood is said to have shot from 60( to 800 yards. Travelling Stook Road-H: Is travelling Btool road No. 1425, notified on May 19,1878, and aituated in pariah of Drildool, oounty of Jamison, withdrawn from lease P-That part of T.S.R. 1425, notified Maj 19,1878, in tho parish of Drildool ÍB not, apparently, reserved from loase. Now Guinea-SubBoriber (Pig Treo) : Can you tell me the head quarters or Beat of government for New Guinea, and to whom I should apply for a Govern ment appointment P-Dr. Macgregor. O.M.G., ia tho Governor of British New Guinea. Port Moresby ia the aeat of government. Weight of Bread-Quiz (Lawrenoe) : A ton of flour (22401b) should make 30081b of pure bread, without any admixture of potatos, alum, or other adulterant, and the bread will be properly baked, and not pur posely underbaked to get an inoreased weight by köeping in tho water. Sourf in tho Hoad-Inquirer (Glen Innes) : Sourf or dandruff in tho head, if it be eimply an accumula tion, may be got rid of by plain washing with soap and warm water. If it be a symptom of disease, Buoh BB pityriasis, ohronio eozoma, or psoriasis, a o mrso of medioino ia needful. Mining on Selector's Leaso.-X. Y. Z. (Chats worth) : 1. Can tho Minißter of Minea give minerB permission to go on to a solootor's conditional lease to aearoh for gold?-It ÍB thought he can. 2. Has the question over boen tested in the Supreme Court P-Wo think not. Legal-John WilBon : John Thomas Wilson loft England, and on reaohing thia oolony simply dropped " Thomas." Ho aoquirod property, and willed it in tho namo of " John Wilson" (ho had no property in England), Can ho legally hold and will property as above montionedP-Yeo. Tale of Brioks, «fcc-Minor (Holensburg) : 1. Tho greatest number of bricks made in a day of between twelve or thirteen hours was from 9000 to 10,000 ; tho workman (Fronoh in thiB oaae) having good asaiBtants. 2. 'A. oubio foot of puro gold would weigh lOowt 3qr avoirdupois. Photoxylino-Amateur (Molbourno) : Photoxyline. whioh ia uaod in photography, has boen substituted for collodion in Burgioal operations with good offoot. It adheres moro olosely to tho akin than collodion, is absolutely impermeable, and is not deteriorated by washing, or by aontaot with other fluida. Inoubator-Warren (Nowra} and D. J. (Canter bury) : HBO a lamp, and plaoo it under the inoubator. Keep it burning till the temperature begins to riBo. Then lower the flame, and so on, till by repeated adjustment you find that the tomooraturo is main tained botween lOOdog and llOdog Pah. Civil Service Examination-Anxious Subsoriber: If a candidato at a Civil Sorvioo examination should totally fail in ono givon aubjeot, would ho bo likoly to pass ; all tho other quoBtiona having boon anawored oorrootlyp-No. Candidatos aro required to Batisfy tho examiner in all tho aubjeotB of examination. Trqapass-Subsoriber : Dooa not a aquatter or manager commit wilful troapass by entering my fonoe, on conditional leasehold, with mon and horses, to romovo posts whioh havo boen standing from tho date of confirmation (two years) ; ho having roooivod tho roquired notiao of throe months to dato P-YOB. Shooting Pigs-E. M. G. (Orango) : If à farmor allowa bia pigB, turkoya, gooao, and fowla to trospasB on his noighboro' oropn, can tho farmor on whoso proporty thoy treapaaa shoot or othorwiao doatroy thom; tho owner having boon oautionod?--Ho oan shoot tho piga, but not tho turkoya, gooso, or fowla. Honoy, &o.-Wattle; Blossom (Bathurst) : 1, Booka on bookooping oan bo had from any bookseller adver tising in our columna. Diokina'a " Bookoopors' Guido "ia a good introduction for amateurs, and is aold for ls. 2. If you will kindly look at our markot reports you will ECO tho prioo of honoy quotod. Ailmonts of Animals-H. P. (Cumnock): Arma tage'o " HoraoDootor," Clater'a "CattloDootor,"and Youatt and Burn'a ' ' Complote Grázior " aro atandard works on tho managomont and troatmont of horses, catfclo, and ahoop in health and diseaBO. Theao oanhe obtainod. from any bookseller advertising in out columns. Langenau Poultry-A Constant Reader (Platts burg) : Pure-bred LangflhanB Bhould bo black throngh out. Tho cook should average 91b in weight, tho her 61b. Eggs per sotting of 13, prioo 21a ; and paire of birds, ono oonk, one hon. prioo from 42a, can he obtained from Mr. Walter Hopo, Bonnyrigg, Liver pool, N S.W. Hernia, indigestión-B. R. (Mittagong) : Yon must dresatho ruptured part with healing ointment, plaoing a pad firmly over tho lump. Givo_ the mare ten drops of tinottxro of nux vomioa in a little cold wator throo times a doy before feeding. Inguinal hernia can be treated by oomproaaion equally aa well as ventral hernia. Railway Gate, &o.-Gatokoepor; (Kentucky): 1. On going aoroaa tho railway lino in a buggy or on a dray must I Bhut the gate aftor going through ? A gatehouse ia close by.-You onaht to. 2. To whom should I apply for Bomo deeds which were duo to me Borne seven or eight years ago ?- The Registrar General, .Sydney. MiniDg Sharos-J. M. (Newtown) : In tho event of a gentleman whose wealth oonsists prinoipally of sharos in ooal mines dying intestate, would the shares be sold at once, and tho prooeeds divided among hie family; or would tho shares ho distributed among them ?-The adminiatrator would sell tho Bbaros and divide tho prooeeds. Dyeing Straw Hat-Subscriber (Tuena) : Boil the hat for two hours in a solution of 41b logwood, llb Bumaoh, and 5oz fustic It Bhould be after ward dipped in a solution of nitrate of iron, then rinsed with wator, and when dry painted over with a solution of lao. The quantity montionod above will do for twenty-five hatB. Leoral-Conatant Reader: If a man lives with a woman not married to him, and sho obtains goods on oredit from a draper's shop, afterward leaving him, is he liable for tho value of the goods so obtained? Yes, if tho goods wore purohosed with tho man's authority ; or if the woman usually aoted as hiB agent without objeotion from him. Starch, Tobaooo, &c-A.; B. C. (Europambela) : 1\. Add a little borax to tho ßtaroh. Some laundry womon Btir a tallow candió about in the staroh for tho same purpose. 2. Proper drying and sweating, as recommended in thia paper a few monthB ago, are what you require. Dootoring with molasses and water sometimos ÍB resorted to. Poncing--Subscriber (Wombat) : 1. A and B adjoin, with a long fence betweeu suflioient to stop A's oattlo. Can B oompel him to pull it down, and put a wire one up?-Yes, if the old fence isnot ordinarily oattle proof. 2. Can a mau who adjoins public sohool ground compel tho Council of Ednoation to pay for half the fenoe adjoining ?-Yes. Biblioal Curiosity-D. C. : Can you give tho verso from the old Testament containing all the letters of the alphabet?-Ezra, ohapter vii., verse 21, reckon ing I and J as the samo letter. In the authorised and the revised versions this verso is alike. In the Douay version there ia a slight difference in the wording ; but all tho letters are there. Preparing Hare and. Opossum Skins-Sky blue (Gundagai) and W. H. (Golspie) : 1. Taw the insideB with a solution of alum. Then duat them over with hot plaster of Paria or whiting, thoroughly drying and bruahing them clean. Sow with silk or fine whipcord. 2. They oan bo prooured from any bookseller advertising in our columns. , Rogiater of Births-H. (Wagga Wagga) : Was a register of birthB kept thirty years ago ? If so, where oould I obtain it, and what would be the cost? -Thero is suoh a register ; but if you wish to obtain any particulars of its contents you must write to tho Registrar-General, Sydney. The cost would depend upon what you require-that is, from 2B up ward. The English Chancery Court-G. W. (Eurundereo) : Who ia the hoad of the Chancery Court, and what ia his name in England P-The present Lord Chancellor of England is Lord Halsbury ; and as suoh he ÍB the " head " of tho Chanoery Court. He ia president of tho Chanoery division, and presides in all appeals sent up to tho House of LordB, tho final oourt of the realm. Reolaiming ProBent-Carooar : A father gave his daughter on her wedding day a present of a cow and a horso. Two days after her death, when she had been marriod a little.over two yeara, tho father oamo and took possession of tho horse and oow. Was ho legally justified in BO doing, or did they' to tho daughter's husband?-Wo. Thoy belonged to tho husband. " LabenBwookor"-F. O. (Dalby, Q.): In what house in Sydney can I purohase a German medical instrument called " LehonBwooker" ? (life restorer). What is its prioo, with tho book of instructions ? Write to Messrs. Elliott Brothers, Sydney or Bris bane, and ask for Dr. Baunsohoidt's instrument and oil and dirootions; prioo about 6a, with postage additional. Tho 60th Riflos-Salop (Goombargona) : Can you tell, from the old Army Lists, who waa in command of the third battalion of tho 60 th Rifles in 1864, and, if posaiblo, his present addross?-Lieutenant-Colonel Butler Wobbo was in oommand about that time. His present addreaa might bo obtained by writinor to Mesara. Cox and Company, army ogonta, Croig's oourt, London, S.W. Wolfram-W. J. C. (Frogmore): What minórala are found moat generally aaaooiated with wolfram in minos?-Wolfram is sometimos associated with oxide of tin. It ia sometimos found in veins of quartz, and Bomotimes in voins of galena. It ÍB also found in granite. It has a oommoroial valuo, in quantity, whioh doponds on the richness of tho oro. Tho Americans aro purchasers. Advertising, &c-Grateful; (Prahran, Melbourne) : We aro glad to hear that your advertisement in the TOWN AND COUNTRY JOURNAL was suoh a groat success. AB you say, tho circulation of this paper ÍB an extraordinary one ; the JOURNAL being Bom ovorywhoro throughout tho oolonioa. Your aoiontifio question will involvo muoh rosoaroh. Wo hopo to bo ablo to answor it noxt wook. Additional C. P.-Complication (Urana) : A soloots 640 aoroo in 1881, and inakoo au additional a.p. of land adjoining undor tho Aot of 1884. Roßidonoe for tho lattor is not yot completed ; but ho wants to tranafor now. As it Booms that the a.o.p. must go with tho origin? ' ho wishoa to know whothor by oom ploting tho roaiuonoo subaoquontly tho a.o.p. will bo Boonrod to tho tranaforoo P-No. Midshipman in Navy-Middy (Goulburn): How oould I got to bo a midshipman in tho navy P-Got tho Govornor to apply, through tho Colonial Offioo, to tho Admiralty for a nomination aa naval oadot. If you thon paBBod tho'required oxatnination you would bo aont to England to paas through a training ship ; and aftor you had passod tho examinations you would bo sont to a ship as a midshipman. Cutting Glasfl Tuboa-Inquiror (Taroo) : A ourront of olootrioity 'has rooontly boon adoptod for tho purpoBO of sovoring glass tuboB. Tho tubo ÍB our« rounded with fine wire, whioh ÍB necessarily in perfect oontaot with the gloBB. Tho onrront, in traversing the wire, hoats both it and tho adjaoent glass ; and tho application of a singlo drop of cold water to the hoatod plaoo will canoe a porfoot oloan breakage. Timber Lioonoo-Wattle Blossom (Bathurst) : Can a man enter a pro-leaao. That is, a squatter rentB Bomo land off tho Government, and puta a brnah fenoo around it. Can u porBon holding a timber licence entor and out timber?-So far as the question oan bo understood, ho oan. You ooald obtain definite information by Booking it from and Bupplying full partioalara to the Crown Lands Agent in Bathurst. Blaok Sea Treaty-A. B. (Charters Towera) : 1. The Gladstone Ministry wai in power fro« 1868 to 1874, 2\. Gladstone was Premier when Russia repudiated, by oiroular, tho article of tho Treaty of PariB, made in 1856, by whioh tho Blaok Sea waa opened to the oommoroo of all nations, and intordiotod to any Bhipg of war, and the erootion of military maritime arsenals forbidden. Tho oiroular was dated Ootober 31,1870. Next of Kin-A Subscriber (Lambton): A, a widower, with one son, married B, who had no children by him. Should A die without mabinga will what portion of the property or real estate would A's Bon take P-A's son would take two-thirds of the personal OBtate, and tho whole of the real estate, aubjoot to B's lifo intoreat in one-third of the ronta and profita. Garget-L. J. (Oberon) : You did wrong to ponltioe tho udder, aa that haa a tondenoy to break down the milk glands, and inorease inflammation. You mast keep her in tho barn, well and comfortably bedded. Foment tho udder with hot water and arnica ; then dry it well ; then rub on a mild liniment to reduce the soreness and inflammation. Keep milking tuboa in tho teats till they aro all right ; or they are aura to be Btopped up. Cremation-Reader (Moonta, S.A.): Cremation ia a growing praotioe. CrematorioB aro beginning to pay expenses in Amerioa ; and at the oromatoriea in Europe there woro 14,000 incinorationa last year. There are 22 oromatories in Europe, of whioh 10 havo boon built within tho puBt year. There have been 600 incinerations in Germany ¡ and 800 in Italy. There are 7 crematories ia tho United States, and 6 in the course of construction. ABsay of Quartz-ProBpootor (Weat Maitland): I have a pieoo of quartz containing minerals. Will the Government Aasayer test it for mo ?-Tho De partment of Minos will make an aaaay of the sample deaoribed without charge, provided that it comes from a new or unworkod dopoeit, and the locality from whioh it haB been obtained ia mentioned ¡ tho latter being a matter of oonfidenco between tho aender and tho department. Population, &c-Old; SubBoriber (Hamilton): 1. Whioh colony has the greater population, New South Waloa or Victoria, aooording to tho latest returnB to hand P-Tho estimated population of New South WaloB on December 31, 1887, waa 1,042,919; Tho oatimated population of Viotoria at tho same date waa 1,036,110. 2. Whioh ia the faster racecourse-a flat or an up and down hill course P-An up and down oourae ÍB conaidorod faster than a dead level. Payment for Dividing Fenoo-Ajax : I am a seleo tor. Atakeaupa cl. whioh adjoins my co., also another whioh adjoins my cl. Can ho oompel me to pay for half tho dividing fenoo in each oaae P He gave me BÍX months' notice. I am informed that pay ment can only bo inforoed for fenoing where two o.p'a. adjoin eaoh other, but not in a oaae suoh aa I have atated ?-A contribution under seotion 141 of tho Crown Lands Aot of 1884 oan bo inforoed in tho oases Bpeoifiod. Distilled Water, &o.-Varicoso; (Bayswater) : 1. Rainwater is distilled water, and if oolleoted in a olean vessel will Borve every purpose for whioh suoh water ÍB used. 2. The treatment of varioose voinB ia to find out tho oauso of tho veiua beooming variooBe, and to remove it if poseiblo. Tho vein is best supported by an elastic Btockiag, ot by Martin's elaBtio bandage, or by any ordinary roller bandage carefully applied. Operation ÍB somo times necessary in serious oases. Land in West Australia-Agrioola (Richmond River) : 1. The land in the immediate neighborhood of Perth, WeBt Australia, ia ohiefly in the hands of private owners. A plan oan bo procured by writing to the Surveyor-General (Mr. J. ForroBt, C.M.G.), Perth. The ooat is ls. 2. Tho WESTERN MAIL would Buit your purpose. Write to MoBBrs. Harper and Haohott, Perth ; or it may bo procured through MosBrs. Gordon and Gotoh, Sydnoy. The subscrip tion is, posted, 6s 6d a quarter. Reaervea on Runs-W. T. (Adelong) : 1..I am liv ing on a pieoo of ground whioh the squatter says he leases from the Government. I paid him £5 the first year. I havo gone into the second year ; and he wanta to turn mo off. Can tho squatter lease and then rent the reserves on his run P-YOB. Seo Seo tion 08, Bub-Bootion 1 of tho Crown Landa Aot of 1884\. 2. Or con I Btay till tho end of the year and then pay for tho yoarp-Thia ÍB a matter of arrangement between tho parties. Dynamo Maohino-Dynamo : An eleotro-dynamo maohino is rathor a vaguo description. There are many kinda of dynamo ; some being used for modioal purposes in nervous oases, otherB for electro plating, and othora avain for eleotrio lighting or the transmission of power. Tho price varies according to kind and size. If you writo deaoribing the sort of machine you want, and tho purpose for whioh you need it, to Kingsbury and Co., 54, Market-street, Sydney, you will obtain full information. Conditional PurohaBO Made by Marriod Woman A. B. C. (Yass) : My daughter had a conditional purohaeo before Bho was married. Can she now take up an additional solootion and leaso on to the first; she being shill a marriod woman?-It ia open to doubt whether a marriod woman oan mako a conditional purohaBo. Tho quostion will Bhortly bo dooided by tho Supreme Court in a case stated by tho Land Appoal Court. Probably tho local land board would allow a Boleotion mado aa doaoribod in tho quoation Ringbarking Grass Right-D. F. (Warrop): 1. Ia a aoleotor ontitled to ringbark his grass right without authority P-No; ho muBt obtain pormieBionfrom the Lands Department. 2. Can ho legally prevent lioonaod timbor-gottors from proouring timber from hie grass right, provided that ho ia notified of their intention to do so P-Not if thoy havo obtained tho requisito authority. A grazing or oooupntion lioonoe Bimply ontitloa tho holdor to uso tho land for grazing purposoB until it ia roquirod. for aolootiou or soma thing OIEO. Land Roaumod for Road-Clorieua (Gundy): A ownB proporty on ono aido of a atroam, and B on tho oppoBito aide Originally tho road was Burvoyoa through A'a land. But aftor a timo it booamo impsaotioablo ; and. without intorforonoo, B allowed tho public to go through his land-it hoing a muott bettor road. A aubaoquontly oloaed tho aurvoyett road, and tho road through B's waa uaod instead. W tho oourso of timo it waa Burvoyod aa a pubho road. Can B claim compensation from A, or from tno Govornmont, for tho amount of land resumed for too road through his land?-It ia too lato now to claim compensation. Building Societies--Ono In a Fix : 1.1 have got a plo of ground and a houso built on it. The ground ont house ace both taken from a building company, j now find I oannot keep up my payments. If I an willing to givo tho ground and house up to tho oom pany, oan it claim anything more from me ?-Yes ; i there is moro than the value of the property duo tc it. 2. Can the sooioty olaim my furniture P-No unless it obtains a judgment against you. 3. Hai tho society any olaim on my parents, who aro rosid ing with ma P-No Stuffing Birds-Constant Reader (Moama) : I hav< Borne wild pigeons whioh I wish to Btuff and put in £ Btanding position in a caso. How ia this effeoted ? Full instructions would oooupy too muoh Bpaoo Moreover, several diagrams are neooasary. Thor« are several oheap handbooks on the suhjeot ; one oi thebeBtbeingHanoy's'* Taxidermist's Manual,"2a9d poet frae, from any bookseller advertising in oui columns. The skinB can bo preßerved for atuffmg bj rubbing the fleshy Bide with a mixturo of four parta alum and one part pepper and saltpetre. Mining Regulations-Inquirer (Goulburn) : 1. lam the holder of a piono bf fr^ohold laud. I find gold or that land ; can anyone mino on it without my per mission?-No one has a right to go on to tho land without the oonaent of tho owner ; and no ono (not even the owner) can remove gold without a permit from the Government. 2. If I am the holder of a conditional purchase, oan any one mine on that land without my permission ?-If it is within a goldfield, the Minister of Minoa can grant permission to search. If it is not within a goldfield, tho owner can apply for a permit SuinR for Trespass, &c-A.; B. C. (Ya?s): 1. How fax baokoanlsue for treapass?-Six years. 2. Where oan I buy a book on midwifery on all dangerouE oases:-You could obtain a work on tho aubjeot from any bookseller advertising in tho TOWN AND COUN TRY JOURNAL by writing to thom. But you would have to Bpeoify the kind of book yon want. Some are moderate in prioe, but others vory expensive. The Bubjeot is an extremely dangerous one to study from books alone ; and you would do far botter tc couBult a duly qualified practitioner, espeoially in dangerous casos. False Whiskfre, &Q.-; Zephio: 1. Is a person allowed to woar a pair of false whiBkera and mouataohe in publio at night time P-There ia nothing to prevent you from wearing what you please, pro vided that you do not disguise yourself for Borne felonious purpose. 2. What aro the prioes of the artioles; and where oan they bo got?-Tho prioes vary aooording to the quantity of hair you wish to assume. But you oan obtain moustaches for from ls upward. You can got them from any hairdresser or costumier advertiaing in tho TOWN AND COUNTRY JOURNAL. First Steamers to Kiama-R. H. (Mittagong) : How long is it since the first steamer ran from Sydney to Kiama and Wollongong P-Most of tho books and records conneoted with the earlier vessels aro not available. But between 1818 and 1852 oooaaional trips were made by the Sophia Jane and William IV., also by the Kangaroo, a oolonial-built steamer. Tho first vessel whioh came out from England for the Boeoial trade was the Borew steamer Keira, built in Nowoaatle-on-Tyne for Mr. Manning and Mr. Henry G. Smith. This voBBel was lost in later years off the ooaat of New Zealand. Railways-J. H. L. and J. B, and Railways (Iron bark) : L bets B that the United States of America contain a railway mileage 4at least three timoB. as large as that < f Britain and Ireland. Whioh wins? L ; the latest returns Bhowing that the United States have nearly 150,000 milos of railway against leas than 20,000 miles in Britain and Ireland. Very little of tho Amorioan railway Bystem is anything but Bingle line, while nearly all tho English railways are double track; and the prinoipal linea have quadruple tracks. In tho British possessions there are 33,927 miles of railway. Non-residence on Solootion, &o;,-Dave: 1. Is it possible for a seleotor to take up apiece of land, and, by paying so much, bo able to leave it for a period of two years or more ? If so, what amount per aore will he have to pay P-Ho oan take up a solootion without the reaidenoe oondition. Bat tho deposit and all subsequent instalments will be double tho amount required in the oaBo of ordinary conditional purchases. The conditions of fenoing, &o.;, are also more strin gent. 2. How oan I keep the gloss on BnakeskinB, after oaring them?-AB a rulo, nothing is required ; but, if the skins look dull, use a little spirit varnish very thinly put on. Interest on A.C.P.-M. H. (Bombala) : I took up an additional conditional 50 acres of land (Crown Lands Aot, 1881, part III., sootion 27) on August 6, 1885, and paid «£5 deposit, as required by tho Act. Aooording to tho Aot I havo three years and throe months' grace before I pay any interest, whioh will be duo on November 6,1888. I wiah to know whether I shall also have to pay again on Maroh 31,1889, or on .November 6, 1889.-The payments Bhould properly bo made on tho dates speoified ; hut much considera tion is extended in regard to the rooeipt of late pay ments of this oharaoter. Leasing Solootion, &o.-Post; and Rail (Marrick ville) : 1. A aeleots say 100 aores. Can A loase part of it to B with tho option of purohaso at tho end of five years?-There is nothing in the law to prevent this from being done. But such a procédure gene rally raises a question aa to tho bona fides of tho selection. No portion of a conditional lease can be alienated UUIOBB tho balanoo of tho purohaso monoy on tho whole is first paid. 2. What kind of fonoo is required by law for a man to eroot on a selection so that he oan oompel the man who owns tho noxt lot to pay his aharo P-Any olaaB of fenoo whioh tho local land board, upon hoing applied to, may pormit. Books on Wost Australia-A. J. (Darlington Point) -. Whore oan I obtain information about West Australia? Aro thoro any booka published on tho Bubjeot?-" Wostern Australia : Its paBt history; its present trade and reaouroos," by E. Faveno. Sydney: Turner and Henderson, 1887- " Woßtorn Australia," by Anthony Trollope London, 1875 Western Australia : ItB history, progreBB, &c;," by W. H. Knight. Perth, W.A., 1870.-" Handbook of WeBtern Auatrolia," by tho Rov. C. G. Nioolay. Perth, W.A., 1880-" Lottora to Guv from Wostern Australia." By Lody Barker. London. 1885 Western Australia," by JaraoB Bouwick. London, ?188G. Sink Water and Gardon Manuring-G. B. (Coota-, mundra): A contributor has writton giving the infor mation needed. Ho said : In regard to tho uso of Bink drain water, I havo flxod mino aa follows : Tho wator runa through tho tilo pipo about GOft from tho Bink into tho garden. At tho ond of tho pipo I havo Bunk a barrel whioh oatohoB all tho wator. Whon I want something rioh to wator my strawberries, squashes, lottuoo, &o;" I tako a pailful of hon manuro and stir into tho water, and I havo easy work to mahn Jay stuff grow liko hot- oakoa. It payB, too, as it takes only a fow minutos aftor suppor to put on ali tho wator whioh has boon used in tho Bink through tho day. m Snlpburettod Hydrogon-Prooipitato (Mitohell) : lake a Griffith's apparatuB, proourablofrom a whole salo ohomlbt; fill the lower bulb up with lumps of sulphide of iron. Tho upper bulb is partly filled with dilute sulphurio aoid. These two bulba aud tho bar to whioh they are fixed rovolvo on a centro, and aro fixed by a aot sorew, By elevating the bulb charged with the sulphide of iron, the aoid runa into the other bulb ; and its aotion on tho aulphido of iron cooees. Whan tho poaitiona aro again rovoraod, the sulphuric aoid flows upon the aulphido of iron ; and a continuous current of aulphuretted hydrogen gas passes off through a tube provided for it. Amended Fenoing Aot-Subscriber (Hay) : I have a conditional lease taken up in tho year 1882 as a pre-emptive lease on one sido. The Burvoyed lino, whioh is tho proper boundary, is ono ohain outside the fenoe. This fenoo was the boundary fenoe between two runs when tho conditional leaso was taken up. My conditional purohaao is improved to tho value of 12s per aoro. Shall I have to shift the fence to comply with tho Act and the Amended Fenoing Aot P-An application for an exemption from fenoing should be made to tho local board, and, no doubt, would be granted. Tho improvementa men tioned appear to bo Buflioient to meet the require ments of tho Amended Fencing Act. Extract of Sarsaparilla, &o.-A.T.; : 1. Tomakesar aaparilla extract from tho wild or native aarsaparilla, ohop up tho loavea, and boil them slowly in water auffioient to cover them. Lot tho wholo cool and stand two or threo days ; strain and flavor with a little sugar and gineer. It oan be diluted to tho strength required. Thoro are several other mothodB ; but thia is the simplest. 2. It ia not hurtful in moderato quantities. 3. Lemon juioo ia good for some oases of indigestion. The juice of a frosh lomon should bo squeezed into a tumbler of hot water, and drank about half an hour before taking a meal. 4\. The chargea for preparing a deed under Torrens's Title depend on the time and labor involved. Danish Language-D. M'P. (Deniliquin) : What is the best book for self tuition in the Danish lan guage P-There ia no Danish self instructor ; but the Free Library in Sydney oontaina the following dio tionariea, &c;, nf tho Daniah language : Rosing (S.), English-Danish Dictionary, 1874 ; Bojoson (Mrs. M.), "Daniah Speaker," 1865,3a6d ; Bojeaon(M.), " Guido to the Daniah Language," 5a ; Otté (C. E.), "How to Learn Daniah," 1879, 7a 6d, and key 3a ; Raak (R. K.),." Daniah Grammar," 1847, 5a. None of those ia to be purohoaed in Sydney. But if you write to Trübner and Go., publishers, London, they will inform you what works are proourable. The prices given are the English publishers' prioes. Silver Oro-Daniel Fronoh (Mullion Creek) : Tour question was answered in the TOWN AND COUNTRY JOURNAL of August ll. You will find it under the initialB " D. F." Tho only way in whioh you can tell whether a stone contains silver is by experience and observation. It is impossible to judge of the quantity, whether payable or not, without assay. Manganese has a market, and is in demand. The valuo depends upon tho quality. It must not oontain more than 10 per oont. of silica. If in the form of peroxide there Bhould not bo loss than 65 oer oent. of the peroxide, or less than 36 per oent. of the metal. It must oontain no phosphorus, and but littlo sulphur. The main enemy ia ailioa. Lump ore is preferred to powdered. Fenoing-Seleotor : 1. About oightoen months ago I asked one of my neighbors to aid in ereoting onr boundary fenoe. He said that if I did my share of the work he should do hie two or threo months later. But he haB not yet done so. Can ho claim half tho fenoe ereotod by mo P-Certainly not. 2. Five montha ago a cow strayed into my oultivated pad dock; and I am unable to impound her, nor ia the owner ablo to get her away from tho placo. Ho ro fuaes to pay for her graBa ; and ahe frequently gets among my orops, thereby occasioning mo muoh damage and annoyance. What remedy have IP Consult a respectable tioliuitotr, who will inveatigate the faots, and aaoortain whether you havo good ground for suing the owner of tho oow for damagea. Tree in Hunter-atreot-Inquirer (Muswellbrook) : Is it a faot that thoro ia an old tree growing through a building in Hunter-atreot, Sydney, toa height of 50ft ?-The tree did not aotually grow through a building. Tho faots are that some ten years ago the building at tho corner of Hunter and Castlereagh streets, known aa Bowden's Club Houeo Hotel, had a email atrip of ground before it, on whioh grew a fine largo Norfolk leland pino and two smaller onea. In 1879 the proprietor ereotod a bar at the oorner of the two streets ; and, as ho did. not wish to doatroy the large pine, ho built round it. Tho Btem of tho tree inside the bar ia oased round with polished wood ; and a table ia fitted round thia. The bar ia some 30ft in height ; and tho tree abovo the roof looks aa healthy aa poBsiblo. YeaBt, Salts of Ammonia-New Chum : 1. Pre suming that you mean other than browora' yeast, we Bhould advise you to uso the following reoipo : Boil 6oz hopa in 3gal water threo honra. Strain tho wator off and lotit stand ton minutée ; add £ peck (tho eighth of a bushel) of ground malt, stir it well, and oovor it over. Retain tho hops and put the samo quantity of wator to thom again, boiling thom the samo time as boforo, straining it off to tho first mash. Stir it up and lot it romain four hours ; then strain it off and set it to work for four hours. Lot it stand about twenty-four hours, take tho soum off tho top, and strain it through a hair sieve. It ia then fit to nae. One pint is anongh for a bushel of broad. 2. Mix tho salta of ammonia with four or five timea ita woight of dry earth; and distribute it evenly whoro required. Tanning Skina-T. A. (Rookhampton, Q.) : Iodido of moroury ia now uBod to Bomo oxtont in Franco in tanning skins. It ia said that tho moroury salta preserve tho oonstituonta of tho tanning liquors, and that loathor produced from okino whioh havo boon previously treated in this manner is superior to that tannod in tho ordinary way. lt com pletely proventa tho liquefaction of tho gola tino whioh talcos placo in putrefying hides, and thua aavea thom from thia IOBB. A saving ia aleo offootod by ita uso in tho provontion of tho de composition of tho tannin in the tannin liquid, whioh is usually hastoned by tho introduction of tho hides whonin a stato of dooompooition. Tho amount of iodido of moroury required io so small that thoro ia no danger of poisoning, oithor to tho workman or to those subsequently using tho leather, in its uso. Tronohing Land-Fronoh (Nowtown-road) : 1. What ia tho UBual oharge per aoro for tronohing iand with tho subsoil plough (in tho diatriot of Parramatta) to a dopth of 18in from tho Burfaoo P-Thia doponda vory muoh on tho nature of tho Boil. Somo soils oan bo aubaoil ploughed at half tho coat of othora. Withont aomo doaoription of tho natuto of tho soil it ia almost impossible to givo an ostimato of what tho oost of an aoro would bo. 2. What io tho ohargo in tho flamo diatriot for trcnohing with tho apado to a dopth of lSin ?-This also dopende on tho naturo of tho soil, Tho oamo romark applies to quoation 3. Somo Boilo miftht bo tronohod at 2a Gd por rod (¿B23 por aoro) ; while othora could not bo dono undor 4a por rod (.£32 por aoro). 3. What ia tho ohargo with tho apado to a depth of 2ft P-Thia would probably ooet from 4a Od per rod (.¡836 por aoro), to 6a por rod (¿648 per aoro.) . Apple Blight and Lime-Lateo (Sans Souoi): 1, In what oondition should limo he to destroy apple blight in roots of apple treeB P-It should bo fresh elaoked. 2. What is tho quantity tor each tree of bearing ago P-This will depend upon the distance tho roots aro affeoted. 31b would he sufficient for some trees; while others would tato a pooh to dreBB thom. 3. I have reoeived a bag of lime in fragments from loz to 31b or 4lb weight pieces. How am I to prooeed to bring it to a oondition suitable for sprink ling P-Slaok it with water, but not enough to make tho limo pasty. 4. What is the mode of applying the lime P-Take away the surface Boil, and expose the affeoted roots. Dress thom with the lime ; and, if possible, replaoe the nurface soil (whioh should bo burned) with good maiden loam. 5. Should tho lime be caustic, as it oomea from the kiln, or Bhould it be slacked with water and so bo pulverised?-It Bhould bo slookod with water. Corns in Fowls-H. P. (Conoord) : If the fowls are other than Dorkings, wo never heard of suoh a ouse before in a whole lot, though it has ocouried in individual birds. Of course you must see that for a while they have nothing hard to the foot, and that even at night they Bleep either on straw, or, if on perohes, well padded with old oarpet or atiaw hound on-that is essential-and no hard floor to jump down upon. The most promising treatment wo oan suggeat is to make a lotion of one part glacial aeotio aoid and three parts water, and every morning and evening, after sorubbing tho foot olean and soft with water and a nail-bruah, and wiping it, rub thia in vigorously with a bit of hard sponge. We think you will gradually find that the corny matter ÍB softened and disintegrated, and oan be rubbed off ; but it ia slow. You oan also try the persevering application of lunar oaustio, whioh gradually destroys hard cutiólo with out pain. Superannuation Allowanoe-H. Gr. (Sydney): I have been a Civil servant for twelve years. Can I retiro on a superannuation allowance when I have served fifteen years ? If BO, will there be dednoted from tho amount due to mo the 4 per cent, for eaohof the years previously to thia Civil Service Aot be coming law P-You can retire ofter attaining 60yeara of age, or earlier, through ill health, and will bo entitled to a pension for a service of over fifteen years, or a gratuity for a Bhorter period. Four per cent, will bo charged on tho salary reooived pre viously to January 1,1885 ; but suoh liability can be paid in three ways-by a lump Bum, by throe annual instalments, or by annual deduotion on an aotuarial baBis from tho gross pension, whioh deduotion will continue, not for a speoified time, but for the remain der of life. As this deduotion on salaries for past Borvioea works very inequitably, the Civil Servioa Board in its reports has recommended an amendment of this sootion of tho Act. Mechanics' Institutes-H. E. (Hornsby) : 1. What Bteps Bhould be taken to establish a moohanios' instituto ?-A meeting should be called of those residents in favor of tho establishment of Buch an institution. At this meeting a provisional committee should bo appointed to make tho necessary pre liminary arrangements, and to obtain the names of subscribers, and frame rules. A meeting of sub scribers must thou bo called for the purpose of eleoting officers and a committee of management, and adopting rules for the government of tho institution. If there is any crown land available for the purpose, application might be mado to the Lands Department for a site upon whioh to ereot buildings. 2. Does the Government assist by monoy grant either before or after establishment P-The Government grants aid in the proportion of ¿61 for every ¿82 raised by " bona fide" oash subscriptions, either toward the building fund or the endowment fund of the institu tion. Suoh aid is granted after establishment. Prince Rupert's Drops, &o.-Excelsior; : 1. Please toll mo what ia tho toy mentioned in tho following extraot from Inoo and Gilbert's EqgliBh History, pago 113 : The toy called Prince Eupert's Di-ops, a bubblo of glass which bas so long amused ohildron and puzzled philo sophers, waa submitted to tho Koyal Sooioty In 1660. This scientific toy, BO called from Prinoo Rupert, tho inventor, ia simply a drop of glass thrown, when melted, into water, and thus suddenly consolidated. It has usually a form somewhat resembling that of a tadpole. The thick end may be subjected to smart hammering on an anvil without its breaking. But if tho smallest fragment of tho tail be nipped off the whole flies into fine dust, with almost explosivo violence. The phenomenon is due to the state of strain in the interior of the masa of glass, oausod by the sudden consolidation of the crust. Tho cruet ÍB formed while the internal masB ÍB still a liquid. 2. No ; apply to G. Murray and Co., printers, Clarenoe otrcot, Sydney. Lagoon Fonoing-Subscriber (Windsor) : A and B are the respective owners of two adjoining portions of land, oaoh portion having a frontage to tho zriver. Their dividing line passes through a lagoon, so that tho one portion of it lies on A's land and tho other on B's. Thoro is but ono outlot to the river. Thia ia tho natural ono, and passes wholly through A's land. A wishes to drain tho lagoon in ordor to be able to utilise that portion of his land now under water. Can ho drain without obtaining B's permis sion ? If so, can ho compel B to defray half the ex ponaos? Is it of any oonsequonoo in this matter whether A oonduots tho water through the natural outlet, or whothor ho outs a fresh drain through his land? In the event of A's draining tho lagoon, a portion of tho boundary lino, now submerged, would roquiro to be fenced. Can A, by giving tho ordinary notice, compel B to assist him to ereot suoh fence ? A cannot drain without B's permission. Whon tho lagoon hos boon drained A oan givo to B tho usual notice to fonoo half of the boundary lino. Young Turkeys Dying-E. M. (Auokland, N.Z.) : Thoro io a groat deal of truth in the statement that "Tho solo ambition of a young turkey is to kill itself." It ia to all intents and purposes fatal to lot . them got wot during tho first ton days of their lives, and a vory serious thing for a fortnight after that ; and with suoh wot weather as you havo had wo aro afraid you havo not boon particular enough about this. A largo dry shod with looso earth floor, in wbiob thoy can bo confined in wot weather, or till the grasa is dry, ÍB almost a noaoseity for lucie in turkoy-raising. Beaidoa thia, howovor, tho symptoms you describo point to your ye,rd hoing contaminated with the contagion of dipkthorio oroup. If BO, a moot onorgotio diBinfcotion should tako placo boforo next year; and it is a poor lookout for the root of tho young onoB, as they oannot stand muoh troatmont. Tho throats affeotod ought to bo drossod with car bolic lotion, but if thoy bo weakly tho ohioks might givo np tho ghost at onoo undor thia. On tho wholo, wo would adviBo for tho prooont GuoBt'o ronp pills, with ßomo brandy in their food, and a teaspoonful of tino turo porohlorido of iron in oaoh half pint of thoir wator. Anatralian Exploration-W. S. (Kirk River, Q.) : Somo ten years ago I road a book in two volumes, with a titlo somothing similar to tho following, "Exploration of North-oastorn Australia in H.M.S. Rattlosnako, inoluding an aooount of Konnody's ox podition from Rockingham Bay to Capo York, and notos, &o;" taken on tho New Guinea ooast," Whore ... t - t J could à oopy be obtained ; and what waa the pub« lißhed price?-The book yon mean ia " A Narrative of the Voyage of H.M.S. Rattlesnake, oommanded by the lato Captain Owen Stanley, including Dis ooveriea and Surveya in Now Guinea, 1846 to 1850, by John Macgillivray, F.R.C.S." It oan now only be obtained through a aeoond-hand bookseller, who, on being informod of your deaiio to secure a copy of the work, would oauae inquiries to be made for that pur pose. It was published at 36a ; but the preBent selling prioo ia about 58a. 2. Waa tho INVENTIONS EX HIBITION JOURNAL, published in London in 1885-86, an illustrated work, descriptive of the oxhibita ? There ia no reoord of any suoh publication. There was, however, a catalogue, whioh waa not illuatrated, although some of tho exhibita wore oopioualy de aoribed. You oan obtain a list of all the publications iasuod in connection with the exhibition, by writing tb the Librarian, Patenta Office Library, Chanoery lano, London. Rail way a in WeBt Australia-G. S. (Wallerawang) : The only railway in ooaree of construction in Weat Australia at tho present time ia that between Beverley and Albany. It ia now partly open for trafilo, and will bo finished by the end of tho year. It belongs to tho Wost Auatralian Land Co., and ia generally known as tho Anthony Hordern Boheme. Another railway, known aa the Midland, and intended to oonneot Perth with Geraldton (Champion Bay) ha's been partially constructed. A recent oable message from London reported that negotiations for the construc tion of the line had been successfully completed. The proposed line is about 300 miles in length, and ia also to he carried out on tho land grant sys tem by private enterprise. Your ohanoe of constant employment in tho looomotive department of either tho Government or company's railways would depend on various oironmstancos. Many artisans, and among them engineers, have arrived in West Australia aa immigrants ; and employment ia not, owing to the general depression in the oolony, either regular or too well paid. Your boBt plan will bo to write to the Commissioner for Railways, Perth ; or to Major Young, manager for the WeBt Auatralian Land Co., at Albany. The moat convenient way of reaching Perth from Sydney is in tho Adelaide Steamship's Co.'a steamers. Tho faro ia-firßt olaaa, £13 16s ; steerage, £9. Tho duration of tho journey is about ten days ; calla being made at Mel bourne and Adelaide. MISCELLANEOUS.—Inquisitive (Walcha): The re- sult of tho drawing was advertised in the TOWN AND COUNTRY JOURNAL of July 7 last.-GreBford : Communicate tho faota to tho Under-Sooretary for Lands, who will take any neoessary aotion in the matter.-Daisy Bank (Molong): Tho duty on oigara ÍB reokoned according to weight, and in thia oolony ia 6a per lb.-Selector (Wyangle): If tho land ia not in tho woman'a name it oould not be levied on ; and, if the daughter can prove that the piano forte belonged to her, that also could not be levied on. You had better pay tho lawyer* a ohargea. C. J. S. (Crookwell) : 1. Ho oan only olaim wages for the time he is out of work. 2. Tho widow would tako one-third of the personal estate and the children tho other two-thirds equally. The widow would »IBO bo entitled to one-third of the rents and profita of tho real estate during her lifetime; and the children would bo entitled to tho rest equally.--Married Woman : We oannot advise whether it ÍB neooBsary in your oaso to have a trustee without Boeing tho will.-Seleotor: Upon a statement of tho kind dofioribed by you it would be dangerous to offer any ' advice. The matter is one whioh oan only bo determined by the looal land loard, under whoae notioo it should bo brought. T. S. (Nyngan) : New flour (flour made from new wheat) is not esteemed as highly aa flour from old wheat (six months' reaped, and upward) for bread making.-Subaoribor (Newbridge): Tho oontraot waa let in June, 1887. The oontraotor gets to Deoember 31, 1888. He waa allowed no extouBion. Tho line is expeoted tobe opened at the oontraot date (Deoember 31).--Inquirer (Coonamble): 1. They were transported for life in 1840, and were amnestied in 1856. 2. Wo oannot say.-J. M. (Orange) : The mino referred to oloBed up some years ago, and haB now no representative in Sydney. If you wish to inquire as to sorip, &o.;, any of tho mining brokera advortiaing in tho TOWN AND COUNTRY JOURNAL will obtain information for you.-Vino (Herbert River, Q.) : 1. Wo have conflicting accounts con cerning tho paper you mention. It oan, however, be obtained from G. Murray and Company, Clarence street, Sydney. 2. Malet'a " Australian Vinegrower'a Manual." Kelly's " Vino in Auatralia," H. D. Cas tella'B "John Bull'aVineyard." 3. Moore'a "Orange Culture," 4. Sturrook'a " AuBtralian Gardener's Guide," Glenny'B " Handbook to Fruit and Vege table Gardening." 5. Sholdon'a " Dairy Forming," L. Wright's " Book of Poultry."-Poverty : 1. The mortgagee oan olaim tho . house for the balanao of tho torm of ten years if ho paya the rent and performa tho covenants in tho leaae. (2.) The mortgageo cannot toko tho fenoo from round the homestead.-Mount Crosby: 1. Apply to any agricultural implement maker advertising in our oolumns ; and you will got the information required. 2\. Gas limo would lighten clay land, enrioh soil rioh in humuo, and, if highly charged with ammonia, would espeoially benefit grain orops. Tho quantity to uao would depend on the nature of the land ; but from lOowt upward would boa good doBO.-W. M. H. (Bourke): Wo can find no traoo of the illustration to whioh you refer.--L. O. (Toowoomba, Q.) : Last year omigrants from Britain to tho United States numborcd 362,853, oomparod with 321,814 in tho pro« viona year, or an inoroaao of about 12 per oent. Of this total Ireland contributed 56,860 ; England, 45,746 ; and Sootland, 14,864. Ireland showed a rise of 20,000.-A. O. (Sydney): As a grub the glow worm livoB ontiroly upon anaila. Evory living glow worm reproaonta throe doad snails.-Natnraliat (Ballarat, V.) : Tho common adder or viper ia the only poiBonouB British reptile, and iat readily distan guiahod by tho lino of confluent diamond-shaped marka down tho baok.-Navvy (Normanton, Q.) : Thero aro vory few mosquitoa on Vancouver'a Island -in moat parts nono at all-and no poisonous snakes of any kind.--E. W. : Tho notos aro G D E and F ; and thoy would bo writton, using the bass olof, thna : 0 firBt logor lino abovo tho Btaff, D Bpaoo, B aooond lino, F apaoo,--T. M. : 1. A poreon oannot Bhoot kangaroos on a looBod run without tho pormifl Bion of tho IOBEOO. 2. If tho loasoo haB an oooupation loaso of tho rosumod portion of his run, ho oan pre vent persona from shooting kangarooa thoroon. 3, A IOBBOO oannot impound horses or provont persona from shooting kanguroos on a forfoitod nolootion, unlosa ho has obtainod an oooupation loaso thoroof. At present forfoitod aolootions within loasohold areas aro made Crown rosorvoa ; Mr. Garrott having taken that ooureo ponding legislation on tho subjoot. Thoy aro, thoroforo, subjoot to tho lawa rolating to rooorvoB.-Bald(Holonaborough) : You will havo to oommunioato with tho lady to whom you rofor. Old Subaoribor (Buddigower) : Thoro ia no doubt that tho omployor la not bound by tho agreement to pay moro than tho oxponsoa of tho omployoo to tho plaoo of omploymont and tho wagoa agrood upon. The ogroomont ia not well woodoo. We have returned ib to you. / ' , ' 