FROM AN IRISH LADY. IRELAND IN ITS SOCIAL ASPECTS. No. VHI. I have just paid a visit to a species of hostelry quite unique, as there is no other such in the three kingdoms, or, indeed, I believe, anywhere. In the cool grey of a moist June evening I walked up a peaceful, old-time avenue, overhung by full-foliaged, dark chestnut trees in the pride of their bloom, the clusters of their white spiral blossoms, faintly flushed with roBe, gleaming like pale lamps in the green gloom of the boughs. Very ancient floweringthornB stood in the wide lawn or low-hedged field opposite tbe hall door, so did a few"red cows pasturing there. The walls of the very old wing of the house were overran with the greenness of well-pruned creepers, out of which the windows of the nuns' quarters looked-forth Kke the mild, steadfast eyes of the Sisters themselves. Beyond this, to one bide, encroaching on the old vast garden of apple trees, gooseberry bushes, roses, • and sweet P*u, stretched out the new building, the still Incomplete additional wards forthf reception of ; yet more of those who have novr got to die, and who meanwhile scarce know where to lay their heads. The qttaihV Danish name of Harold's Cross is part of the general unusualness of Our .Lady's Hospice for theDying. It'is all very unlike any Other institution. The house proper has ^ appearance of an old-fashioned country home; its snug brown parlours have high-set windows, each framing a little world of opal sky and green boughs, with a soft flame of flowers running round the sill. The low, red-tiled passages and corridors of the old house have suggestions under their brownbeamed roof quite unlike Mr. Henly's piteous hospital: "Cold, naked, clean, half wort-house and half gaoL" Though faultlessly clean there is nothing .naked or cold about this homestead of peace and hope, for even the new, unfinished rooms and wards have already caught a good deal of that warmth and pleasantness of aspect peculiar to the place. It is evident that woman's eyes have studied the matter, not alone with the wide outlook of large charity, but with a subtle tenderness in detail for the assuagement of suffering. The influence of surroundings has been thought of, and so the walls which might be dead and grey as ashes are to be distempered in some fresh tint, grateful to the eye; the floors are already stained in a warm, rich hue, produced by yellow ochre with a tint of burnt sienna, even the whiteness of the bedcurtains is relieved by here and there a flowing fold of floral chintz. There is no increase of expenditure in procuring such luxuries as these for the sick and weary, one colour does not cost more than another, it is merely a question of a brain to understand and an eye to see whenever choice has to be made. There is a rumour afloat—perhapB it is only the .ghost of a rumour, but it gives a little hope—that the Kyrle Society may yet find the new building of the hospice a fit object for their lovely charity, as in the case of Sir Patrick Dun's Hospital for which Mi6S Purser, our clever lady artist, has been commissioned by the above society to paint decorative pictures, representing scenes in the life of Saint Patrick. As one walks through the wards and little rooms already filled one cannot but think that any creature might crave the boon of dying so. I know of no such place for the rich. A few private rooms are set apart here for patients who can afford to pay, and these pretty chambers among the birds and boughs are comfortably and nicely furnished. Of neoessity such patients are very few indeed. The work of the Sisters of Charity is concerned with the poor, but it is a pity thajb some other order should not take up the idea and institute a hospice for the dying, which might extend its care to those for whom riches have not been able to provide love, and devotion, and watchful sympathy, still less that atmosphere of holiness and peace out of which it were well and easy to go forth into the kingdom of God. In the nuns' ward you will find a type of every class of the poor and respectable Irishman. There is the fire brigade man, a fine fellow about thirty years of age, who caught cold in the discharge of his duty, and is dying of consumption. " It is not the fire that we have to dread so much as the water," he says, cheerfully. " It is the long standing in wet clothes, after we have been thoroughly drenched from the engines; the wet and the burning heat and steam, and then the chill of the night wind." He will readily give yon a stirring sketch of life in the brigade; the nights when sleep is snatched in the midst of vigilance with the clothing of danger; the fireman's peculiar dress, spread out on the floor at hand in such a way that one spring puts a man into it; the too often feverish rest, haunted by expectation of the alarum bell, which warns that in three minutes the sleeper must be in the yard, dressed, and with his wits about him. Then there is the soldier, whose experience of foreign service includes a cold caught in the trenches, never to be got rid of; an aged , policeman, an old'family butler who has seen better days, a young clerk who began life merrily and was doing well until disease laid hold of him, and whose pale, sorrow-stricken young wife, with her baby, is now sitting by his side. The three or four men who ar e well enough to be up sit round the fire and read the paper, and talk about the future of Ireland with as much eagerness as if they expected to live to see Home Rule; yet, probably when I next visit the hospice—in a month's time, perhaps—not one of the little group .wjjl be there. Most' of jthem die very fast, [having only come in when hope was at an lead; many linger long, owing to the bare and comfort whioh they reoeive; while a few • quite recover—for a time at least—and return to the world, whioh they believed they ! had quitted for ever. As a rale they are not oply willing, but happy, delighted to'die. It has been observed that the Irish die more gladlythanany other people upon earth. Their intense faith, which even at the worst is but a smouldering fire, bums with a vivid flame as the end of material things comes into view. Sometimes, with the' poor, it would seem as if the other world were more real to them than this, which supernatural tendency has been characteristic of the Irish race from the beginning, as testified by the early missioners who came to convert them. Fr. Th6baud, in his The Irish Race in the Past and Present," gives interesting particulars of the desire of the ancient Irish to die, in order to be with Christ, their indifference as to the prolongation of existence, " the readiness, if not the joy," with which the announcement of death was received. At the hospice the Sisters generally find more difficulty in restraining the impatience' that sighs for heaven than in exciting feelings of faith and contrition; but, as a rule, the will of God is the rock to which the weary and out-worn cling, and the sufferer's perfect resignation, appreciating the peaceful and spiritual atmosphere of his surroundings in this place, causes him to live already in a little heaven, even before the summons to eternity arrives. Therefore, contrary to all likelihood, the home of the dying is by no means a melancholy abode. Even the mortuary chapel, often visited at their own desire by patients as long as they are able to walk about, is found by them a place for sweet meditation and prayer, haunted by no ghastly associations. My own acquaintance with the little sanctuary of the dead forbids me to wonder at its fascinations for those on whom the gates of life are closing fast. White and pure in marble, yet warmed and perfumed with flowers, not alone the snow-white flowers, which are becoming too much set apart for and associated with mourning and gloom, but also the warmveined rose, brilliant azalia, and other such glowing garden creatures, and, with its red lamps ever burning, it is a shrine to be sought in faith and love even by feet that have yet full many a mile to travel ere they can arrive at such a resting-place. I had been kneeling for a few moments before I perceived that the two beautiful figures lying on either side in front of the altar were sculptures of Death's own carving. The marbles on which they rested were shaped like the raised tombs in ancient cathedrals, and in a groove on the top lay the tranquil dead, exactly as -the effigies lie that have lain so for centuries: The knights bones aro duet, Bis good sword is rust. His soul is with the saints, I trust. But no sculptures of stone ever possessed the beauty and sweetness of the two figures I saw, forms of clay it is true, but still faintly warm with some of the hues of life, -and bright with the reflection of the spirit that is fled. One'was a man in the full maturity of youth, with dark hair and brown beard, and handsome, stately features; the other a little girl about thirteen years of age, a small, oval face with deep- fringed eyelids closed over eyes that seemed to shine blue through their covering, and fair hair curling softly above the innocent brow. Both were dressed in the brown habit of Carmel, with blessed girdle and rosary, and both appealed silently to their Maker with joined palms up-raised on their breasts, as if continuing the prayer which the spirit had left on their lips when it passed. Both had the same ineffable smile on tUsir features, the look of having learned the sectet of happiness at last and of knowing themselves safe with God. Turning away from such a haven, to breast the storms again, one could not but feel a bracing and up-springing of the heart and a readiness to cry aloud with Robert Browning:— God's in His heaven; all's right with the world. This work, which concerns itself with the dying, is one that appeals almost more than any other to the naked human heart, the heart of man stripped of all its surroundings, and surprised behind all its barricades^ Living poverty and suffering may be kept out of sight, or at bay, but death comes to all, and no one can feel sure of what his circumstances and needs will be in his own supreme hour. The sympathy that springs from the one touch of nature that makes the whole world kin is shown by the bequestg which drop in to help the support of this completely foundationless and—in one sense unprovided Charity of our Hospice, which picks up its supplies like the birds, and looks for its manna straight from , the heavens. The supplies come, though they are precarious, come in the most unexpected aind sometimes improbable fashion. Beqoe 'from Protestants who never were seen or known at the hospice, but who remembered in the straits of their own soul's passage this peculiarly pathetic labour of the Sisters of Charity fall in occasionally, and many are the Catholic offerings of the same kind that come, as with the back-reaching of friendly hands, even out of the shadows of purgatorial mystery. I cannot leave off without'saying one word as to the escape from the scandal of wakes," to which the gate of the hospice is an open door. The poor, from whose touching unwillingness to leave their dead a moment alone while yet 'above ground the abuse of wakes has arisen, are in most cases glad to evade the tyranny of old custom, and to dream sweetly of lying in the nuns* chapel, under the eyes of the altar—staying there all the little time that is left between the coming of the great angel and the moment when the earth will become their only companion and covering, and when nature will begin at once to weave her greenest veils of grass and dew over the restless hearts' indisturbable slumber. 