the anglican synod. OPENING OP TIIE SESSION". Tbo third sciou of the seventh synod of Lbe diocese of Sydney assembled in ihe Chapter- Louse, St. Andrew's Cathedral, yesterday after noon. Tho Bishop of Sydney (Dr. Barry) pre sided, whilst ou the platform were also the Dcati (Rev. Win. Cowper, ai.A.), the Arch deacon of Cumberland (the ilev. K. L. King, B.A.), nud tho Aichdeacon of Camden (Yen, W. J. Cumber, M.A.). After tho reading of a form of prayer, tho Dcau called the roil of the clergy, and tho Archdeacon of Cumberland that of the lay representative.-, when 7J clergymen and Uo laymen answcied to their lunie. Rev. A. G. Sioduart aud Mr. W. 11. Beaver acted as hon. secretaries. :u tho syr.od. IXAUCi U KAL ADDR ESS. The Primate then delivered the following adUre3, wlr.cu was irequeaUv applauded. My Uevcio.id Brethren auu my Brethren of tho Laity,— We meet to-day after a fur shorter interval" than usual iu onier that I may have the opportunity of presiding over this the last 6t'siouot tho present synod before I again visit Euglaud. L.it year my visit was totced upon :ue by grave domestic necessity and anxiety, now, f tannic God, tu groat measure removed. 'Ihia year's visit u ouo ut official duty, that I may, as Primate, represent tho Australian brauch of our Church tit the great Lambeth Gon- reriuce of the whole Augiic-iu communion and lay beture it especially certain important topics entrusted to ine by the general eynod. EDUCATIONAL WUllK. Tho shortness of the interval prevents the ueces»i;y of euch historical notice of the ordinary progress or tuo diocese as it is usually my pleasure to furnish. 1 do not kuow that I can aud any thing material to the account— uappiiy a .-atiafaciury one — which last year I was enauied to give of, it, especially in respect of our educational institution. Ou some points of luiertat iu this dircciiou suggested by our statistical returns 1 shall have to touch iu my visitation charge of Thursday next, at which, though it is addressed to the clergy, 1 nol hardly s.vv that we shall giauly welcome the attendance of the lay meui- ocraof tue synod. Un.y on- aunou:icju:;ut nuuer Uri« head it w well that I should make— that the iJouncil or the New Cmucn Grammar bchool alter many utscusaious aud demy due to tue extreme difficulty ot obtaming a wholly satis factory site, have at hut secured a liue site ou the North Shore known aa Holterman'n Tower, of ueany lour acres ot laud, iacluutuga large bouse for tuc headmaster, which with some altera tions will pjovitle accommodation for about 10- boarders and a rpioueid pl.iygiouuu of lull two acres. They have already obtained designs for the erection of school bunding which will pro vide in tbo first iusiance tor ZuO boys, with power of extension o Us to accommodate 6uu, ami they trust to open the school after tue close of the ensuing GurUlutas vacation. They are aware that at tne preseut uiouieut the position may perhaps ha.dly be deemed suffi ciently centra-, but consideiiug the tiueuess of the site and looking to the prospects of the future, they believe that they nave taueii tne best available course, aud J, myself, feel much confidence that ir the school be ably worked, aud worked, moreover, ou broad but definite Christian principled lor religious cducatiou, tt will, without injury to good existing institu tions, soon draw to tUetf a full upply of scholars anrl enter uuder God's blessing on the career of success aud usefulness which we all uesire for it. For i am convinced br ail that 1 see and bear that public opinion, partly by a re-actiou forced upon it uy experience, is more aud more iucliued to a freer recognition of the paramount importance uiay I not say ueceabiiy— of religion as an element of higher school euueatiun. IN MK.'JOltf AM. But this shortuess of interval does not dis pense me to-day irom the mournful task of chronicling' serious losses suituiuud since we last met in this place, lu my dear friend, Mr. 11\. E. A. Allen, the synod of rhe Church at lar"o have lost one ot tue most earnest, uuob- trusive.and unselfish servant of God.iu ail good works likely in auy way to conduce to the good of inoD, to'the advancement of the Cliurcu of which he dearly pri/.eu his membership, and to the service of tho Master whom ne loved. For 1» years ho was a valued and respected member of this synod. 1 um sure that I should do injustice to your feel- in" as well as my own if L paid uot now some Blight tribute of respect and, 1 add, atlectiou to his memory. Nor, although no was not a mem ber of this particular sy uod, cau 1 omit here notice of the loss to the whole eouuuumiy and to om Cnurch in particular by the death of Mr. George Knox, for some nine years a member of our synod aud often a valued adviser ou church law and church policy. Few men, l.think, were more ably and enthusiastically iu earnest in the promotion in every way of tile higher life— sociat, intellectual, moral aud religious— of tho community .iu whose future he 60 ctmrtdeutiy believed. Too early, as it fieema to us, his work is over — JJeo alitor visum. We should uesire iu auy case to nay our tribute to his memory also. X think X may believe that such de«ire is deepened by a wish to oit'ec our hearUvlt sympathy to hi respected father, who occupies, i; seems to me, au almost unique piaee iu the esteem and aiiection of au lus feiiow-citizeus and especially of his fellow-churchmen. There is another Iosb over which we as a synod mourn, several of us to-day following to the grave the remains of Mr. Christopher Kolleston, an old uudvuiued member of the synod from the first — a man who had many trieuds and lew eueinies, an earnest ehurchmau, a zealous worker aud a true Chris- tiuu gentleman. Be was a man the Church could ill att'uid to Jose. They all prayed that the Almighty would raise up men to tread in hia footatcps. One other presence, though not irom this sad cause, we inisu with re-Tut to-dav — the presence of ouo of the oldest and ablest, inoat genial aud most useful mem bers of our synod. Canou Button Kiug has had to leave u just wheu he might have had most leisure to servo us, because he had feit obliged to resign parochial charge. Pardon no if I take this opportunity ot expressing my hope that in some way mean may be touna to alter tho preposterous regulation which in this case as in others tends to rob tue synod of such invaluable service. ItJiTDUN OF THE DEAN. But let me hero ou the other hand, in my own name aud X am sure iu yours, welcome back in renewed heaith aud strength our rc- uneeted deau after hi long sojourn tu England. Y)'e are all glad to see him agaiu here in the synod. I am glad to be able witn his couseut to devolve upon him the office of Comtui?sury during my coming absence front duty and yet on duty. For seven years, he tells me, iu the a""re-rate he ha discharged that tuuetion already man v here know how ably and faith- fuliv. 1 trust that he will not nud it too burdensome for a few mouths more. I'ltESENT IlEQUIItKMIiNTtf. Two important nubjects of church legislation will he brought before you at this session of synod. Both alike turn on the necessity of adapting old church laws to the requirements of presout church life. The proposal may shock the spirit of conservatism among u which I greatly respect, aud not least in respect of church constitution. But such adaptation is true conservatism. Just in proportion as we desire the continuity of essential principles we shall welcome needful modifications of method and detail by which aloue it can bo kept in vitality, and what is at least equally important, wc shsill resolve to have freedom from needles external restrictions with a view to future modifications from time to time. Xa our Church I fed convinced that wo shall none of u ever desire to break the iundatnentui uuity in doctrine and worship which bind us to the great old Church' at home. With whatever technical impropriety, wo mean to be in this new laud essentially the Church of England still. But some' of our laws here are not, be it remem bered, iu several important points in har mony with tho old English Church law we have fairly outgrown, and now we have on all such matters a recog nised legislative function. Even in mat ter of property we ought not to be fettered by pariiamodtary regulation made iu dny.s long gouc by. Tho State cannot and does not desire it. The Church has a right to claim freedom from it. The first of these matters nreiontfl ilaelf as au answer from the provin cial svuod toa refereuce on the Church Act from this svnod at its last session. In both bouses of the provincial synod by large majorities tbc following resolution was carried: — "This Bvuod resolves that it ia expedient that the Act <' William IV., No. 6, commonly called the Church Act, be repealed, careful provision being made, by ordinance or otherwise, for the impor tant matters provided for therein regarding the conservation of Church property, the disci pline and rights of lbe clergy, the fight aud duties of churchwardens; aud that a select committee be appointed to cousider iu what way this can best be effected, aud be instructed to submit .a plan to tho diocesau synods for consideration and adoption at their next session, with a view to its being submitted. to an extraordinary session of the provincial synod." Iu its labors the select committee has not had to start de novo. It has had before it much old aud valuable material ; partly in the reports of previous committees of the provincial synod, partly in the schedule attached to the model trust deed of Mr. Alexan- der Gordon, carefully discussed in this synod aud ouly refused authoritative adoption at the last moment br a small majority of one order. Out of these it has framed a draft ordinance which will be ...submitted for consideration to this and to other dio cesan synods. I do not indeed feel Bure that it can as yet . bo discussed in detail in the synod itself. Rossiblr it may bo tho wiser though tbo least expeditious course simply to accept, if it be approved, the resolu tion of the provincial synod as to the general policy and thcu to refer the ordtnauce to a com mittee for criticism nud report. But in any case I trust that the synod may be pleased to take some decided step towards the solution of a question too long delayed and the extrication of the authorities of the church fiom a position of diacredit and difficulty. On this matter, I: trust, I may be pardoned for briefly reDeatlnir the opinion which I explained more at length to the provincial synod Afc'-ilust the wL 'oui vi the Act, u$ originally framed, 1 have not a -vor.I tusui. Hut it wi uifcd l »r a comlitlvUut iMiqj- u. V oUsvtctc. 1 presuppose .Mato aid, u make nu lur rc,,f uml opv;i elicrclifes, it 1-mvcm tu-.- qualiflwtiou of cither tL.ui miv.Uo.'lei o:i:ifreiousl>- vagu?» y Jumpers the cu.ir, n uiiiicvv.»..rl.y :n lcaii«b glea« laud-', aud appneuih in im -vom- otw" has wo ouiii-vptivn i/f the iiPt.ti n: ruritij in our Jar©!? pi olife., i: t«--- a? too olu-:y uv t-, rarochial orgam- aatiou aud »ira:.;:ei!ient. nu it intromKCi ilffiloiskj. and -.ti.it uii, v,u:i;J l e t.w »u«" .I riO'Js it vvl-'gJ not flee :rom St 17 very uudesir.ible Iu c.iurcuv- uinier tii« Act its provision are ffU'ii «h number 1 1 churches do not v\vu prufts to An placed uinier it, und tlm-, jyr want vi i.r.jjr Act, ai: iu pomi-wi'So ii'Kuliy nuimuluu-v tii:r. »vh»eii 1 iin rtppi'ai1-'11 to us or give impvrl. ct and tentative aus-vers or to -lechae tpviiifr i.uj uiuucr »t uii. It. i to n.« ck- ar that tni ; coii'iiiiuii 0: Ibiugs uutflit not to wxtiOUv. Vie £»» iHlimcn i»rc putjeut- someti..;' wi«t?!y, sometimes lOrlisiiiy paii'Mit o: practii',;. uMomaiv-'at unwilling, i'-cihups, to if ». mi uid chiuon l.i.v ui to iinprotfe UU 1 ugly and lueanvfuicnt old cntireb to which, l»y ns4 cuvuou, tve iiivvc wfecoiuo attavhe- J. But it i wot, 1 triune, prudent to wait till seine serious lf'al cow- tri'Vei.-y arise, its may be too iv.xe at any moment. Jo.t us deal w th the u:attf?r widie wo cau deal >'hh it apart from nil controversy and p.twn. It will be obterved that tbc provincial synod has— I venture to think most wisely — re solved to initiate discussion iu tbo diocesau synods and not to attempt to frame any measure till this discusaiou has completely, sifted the whole subject. For my own part, though X am uot usually au advocate for Par ticularism, I cau conceive that in the matter of orguiu3atiou the requirements of various diocese may wcil differ ; tuat possib.y some diocee or dioceses may Yriau to retain the old Church Act, uot leiling, as I myself do, the difficulty of acting or heomuig to act uudcr it. For such diocesan variation 1 hope Rcope will bo left, aa 1 think it welt may be, .uudcr the Enabling Act, which must repeal the old Act ot some 6b year ago. Uf such variation 1 have no tear, tor I have uo jus. on for rigid uniformity. Ca ail- matters of doctriuc, on all matters ot important church priuoiple, wo aru and muit be at oue. What matters it if wc do vary in point of detailed regulation? Fuuduun-nul uahy, with some freouum ur variety en secondary. matters, teem the law of all human iitc, as certainly it ha been the Jaw of tho churcn m it best aud most elastic days. But after all there would bo u large consensus in our diocesau regulations. Wo should still be under oue law,' aud the geueral uuity of that law would be even better secured, because there would be no temp tation a there is now to disregard the law where it is in detail tucoavenieut or impossible. HEVIilON UP THIS CONSTITUTIONS. The other cognate question come to us through the report of the stauding committee, to wmch it was rcierred last year to consider the revision ot the Constitution. The committee did not hold it to be their duty to discuss tbc proposition which had been mz.de irom timo to time to pray I'arliameut 10 repeal altogether the Act and the constitution which form its schedule, aud by an Enabling Act leave the synod tree to deal by ordinances with the various subjects luerc regulated. They have simply examined the point ou which we lind by experience tha: tue Constitutions need re vision — mainly tu the direction ot leaviug both to the diocesau and provincial synod au un questionable freedom to regulate their own Constitution uuu of extending iu some respect their powers over miniate! and parishes. As will appear from tho opinion ot the learned Chancellor of the diocese, appended to their report, it is at least douoiful whether the more important reforms can bo carried out without the coiJMGUi of I'ariiauicnt, and that conseut could uotj of course, be obtained without some gcucral agreement, among the diocesan ay nod, bhould the synod be pleased to adopt a desir able the recomtneiuintions of the report, it would be (1 venture to suggest) well to con sider whether they should uot be submitted at onca to the consideration and criticism of other diocesau svuod. The cure is uot so strong us that against tbo Church Act, for the constitu tions are ouly t!2 instead of 60 years old, aud the condition of the church has far less materially changed. But here also there is tome pressure of difficulty with which I trust the synod will not refuse to deal. i11 both cases tho method of procedure is uuuoubicdly cumbrous. But this cuiubroiisiicis is iuevitahlc. beiug due to tho anomaly of our ecclesiastical position, under which the diocesau synods have a virtual independence and the power of our higher synods, piovincial arm general, is narrowly limited, it is better to proceed siowly that wc may proceed surely. Ah I am anxious for is that we should proceed steadily and that these two importaut matter should not agaiu be allowed to sleep. THK nKUurSCOURT PnOPEUTY, Passing Irom those important subjects, it may, perhaps, ba expected that I should glance briefly at oue of tho ordinances which will bo submitted to the synod under tho power conferred upon it by the Church Property Act. I meau tho ordinance which propose that the Church of England Property Trust, with the sanction of the stand- tug committee und the conseut of the bishop, ' shall be empowered to dispose, if they Hud a good opportunity, of the estate of Bishops- court with a view to obtain au episcopal resi- dcuce iu a more conveuieut aud accessible posi- tiou. I may be allowed to say that I give my cordial adhesion to that proposal distinctly on public ground — of which every day's growth of Sydney aud of the business which has its centre there increase the cogency ; aud I will add that in estimating these i lay stress uot so much on the undoubted inconvenience, loss of time and waste of strength which the distance of Bishopscourt from the city entails on the bishop as on the want of proper accessibility for social a well a ecclesiastical purposes to churchmen generally. i'ersouaHy, I have no desire to hurry the matter ; wo can wait till a really favorable opportunity occurs, and it would be wrong to ho iu any way careless in dealiug with the valuable property now in our bauds. But it is, I feel convinced, a matter of necessity that the step should be taken sooner or later, aud X trust that the synod will »rin with the necessary powers a body by which they may feel sure they will not be rashly used. THE MOORBANK TiSTATE, I may perhaps hero meuuon that, acting under powers conferred upon me as trustee by Act of Farliameut, I have, under the advice of Messrs. Mills and iJde, sold for i!60,you, reserving nil mineral under the surface, the Moorbank Estate, which has hitherto yielded something less thau £U0O a year. By the original deed a small portion of this, now valued at £1160, be- longs aa a glebe to Holiisworthy ; another por- liou, valued at about £211,000, is assigned to the eudowmeut of the bishopric, aud the largest part, valued at about £66,600, to payment of stipend of clergy at the abso lute discretion of tho bishop. Souie payments have yet to be made for the compensations authorised and cujoiued by the Act, but in a few months I hope that the iocotne of the estato will be available for its prescribed ue9. Although tho apportionment of it is left to the bishop, it i my intention to invite tho advice of a small council of clergy aud laity as to its disposal, with the exception of a small emergency fund (which I think it well to keep a now for private(uae),and to lay the accouuts annually on the table of the synod. I will not anticipate their advice, but unless it should tend strougly in some other direction, I may say that it is my present opiuiou the fund "will probably be most useful if employed for the general diocesau purposes which now often lauguish, while tho pressure of necessity enforce the supply, com- plcto or partial, of local wants. Organisation i, I can sec, of infinite consequence, aud I think that we may now see opportunity fordoing much to suoply it. TUB DIVORCE EXTENSION BILL, On a far graver subject bearing upon the past action of this synod I must briefly bnt em phatically touch. I mean the present position of the Divorce Extension Bill. i heed uot here dwell again 011 the important religious and social ground on which the earuest protests of all our synods, as of the representative bodies of some other churches, havo been based. Disregarded at the time by our legislative authorities aud our organs of public opinion, their reality and force will be, I fear, as iu some other poiuts of public policy, recognised too late iu the litrbt of unhappy experience. But I take tho opportunity of saving a few- words on the present aspect of the question under tho action of tbo home Government. First, X feel it right to say once more publicly that the imputations which hare becu occa sionally thrown out of " ecclesiastical intrigue" and "indirect" (I believe the correct phrase is "backstairs") "influence" are rirnply aud abso lutely incorrect. I should know, for , X am oue of the chief of the unfortunato "ecclesiastical persoua" who on this snbjc'et havo ventured to have opinions of their own and to show by action the courage of their opinions, aud I have been the medium through which tho petition of our syuods, diocesan, pro vincial, general, have becu submitted to the Queen—that of the general synod directly iti a letter, expressly marked as public, to the Under- Secretary of State during my visit to England ; the others a« omanatiug from this colony through his Excellency the Governor, and I can assert positively for our own church— nor can I doubt that the same i the case with other churches— that all our action, in respect both of onr petition and the argu ments on which they were based, has beeia public, opep, straightforward— only an exercise, of. that right of petition which belongs to the' humblest individual and much more 10 repre sentative bodies of clergyineu nndj laymen in the Church of Christ. It is well, I think, that these things should be known, in all discus sions, however excited, t lie truth is the truth,' and except by tboso who are willing to believe me guilty of deliberate falsehood, I hope that; theso imputations will be candidly put aside. Next, as to the line taken by th« homo Govcrn- ntout. It docs not deal with the merits of' the question for which wo mainly care, for it obviously considers that these are to be weighed by the Legislature here. It simply poiuts out that the matter is , one ' which aifecu the community not merely in it self but as a part of the British Empire and one of a group of sister colonic ; and. urges that such a step houlfl uot be taken without if possible some intercolonial atrree/nent,' without (if that cauuot be) no undoubted expression of decisive public opinion here, without some pro vision as to the domicile which will limit its operation to 'bond-fide citizen of this colony. The home Governmeut ha not cveu advi»-d tbc Queen to withhold her royal assent. It ha adopted what ii obviously intended tu be a more courteous expedient of delaying . the submitting of the bill to her Majesty tiff theirsuggeGtion have been accepted or at least considered. It is uot tbc course tor which wc petitioned. Some of those who feel most ou the subject may wish that a more decided course had been taken. But it is well to look the question of relation to the old country dis passionately in the face. I can of course under stand, though I cauuot for a moment sympa thise with," the desire to cut all connection with England and to establish Australia or, for aught X know, New South Wale us an independent republic, managing all it? own affairs for itself. But I cannot understand the unwillingness, so long nv we renruiu a part of the great British commuuity, to recognise the obligation which iu matter of grave social importance— by rapid inter-communication to spread their effect beyond our own shores— are eutailed upon us by. that connection and to cry out indignantly because the home authorities point out here some difficulties and ask to be quite sure that the colony is deliberately in earnest on a bill which (as they see) was ouly curried by a majority of one vote iu the Legis lative Council and on which about half the members of the Legislative Assembly dccliucd to vote altogether. X wish rather than hope that what X hold to be n mistaken jealousy for right independence could be put aside aud that the opportunity could be taken of once more cousidering this important subject with gravity and earnestness, hut without passion und mutual recrimination. If tho bill is to be carrisd again I trust for the credit of the colony that it may be after a discussion in tone and completeness worthy of the subject, and that so many of onr representative will not again evade the - responsibility of recordiog their votes. , To alter the law touchiug so 1 sacred an institution as marriage, to place it ia direct opposition to the conscientious opinions of large" "bodies of Christians and in discord ance with the present tenor of the laws of England nnd her colonies iu general, is no light matter. It may be held that there is reason for dclng it? ana I have never doubted that if the colony ib really in earnest about it, and shows thereby a strong preponderance of opinion, it will be doue. But certainly it is no ovil — even in view of the exceptional cases of hardship which have, as I think, been allowed by the advocates of the bill to override considera tion of general policy— to have the fullest time for consideration on a matter of the gravest moral and social importance. For my own part, dn spite of the vehemence and what sceiua to me the intolerance with which our action has been assailed, I do not think that wc need bo ashamed of having contributed in any degree to this result. If the effect shall yet be to prevent or even mitigate the serious evil which it seoma to us would be done by the bill against the Christian faith and tho moral und public welfare 'of society, we shall thank God ; if not, before Him we shall at lca3t "have delivered our souls." .THE LAMUP.TH CONFERENCE. I turn now a usual to consider what sub jects specially press themselves upon our attention this year. Two naturally pre sent themselves at once— tho Lambeth Con ference uud the Centennial year. Both, different us they are in themselves, bear upon oue most weighty principle — the growing importance of church unity, not merely in it self but as expressed ia ecclesiastical federa tion. In the church, as in society itself, I believe strongly in tho growtli of what I may call the unifying forces. How can it be otherwise .when under the providenco of God individuals and communities are being daily brought physically aud mentally and morally into closer contact ? Barbarism is isolation ; civilisation, whilst it implies individual culture and freedom, is unity. But the forces which draw men together are mainly two— empire and fieo federation.' In ecclesiastical mat ters—for I will not now speak of civil— the former is the system of Rome, the latter un doubtedly that of the Church of Eugland, as it is also that of other Christian churches. Under both the tendency of the nge is undoubtedly to larger aggregation. It, a has been said, the day of small, nationalities is past, the same is, I believe, true in our religious relations, ouly that in the Church or Christ tho sacrcdness of indi viduality 'must be always preserved by the vital doctrine of personal union with God iu the Lord Jesus Christ, and in our Church of England the rights of local self- government are guarded with an almost excessive strictuess by our parochial system, Now, of the ecclesiastical federation of that Anglican communion which 1 was once deprecated a insular, but. which now by the very'force of circumstance?, losing its insularity, the Lambeth Conference is the highest exemplification. Under the quasi pa triarchal leadership of Canterbury, which we all giadly acknowledge, it is an assembly oa terms, of freedom and equality of tbc episcopal representatives of our communion, English, American, Colonial, Missionary. The modest designation which has replaced the original title of. the Pati-Augiican Synod may have been intended to signify that like our own general synod it has moral rather than legal authority. By necosoity, like the ancient councils of the church, it. i composed of bishop only. The ideal floating before some minus of an assembly which should include, like our synod, bishops, clergy and laity, is but an ideal still. But eveu so, the moral authority of such a con- fcreucc must be immense. Without trenching for a moment on the self-government of our qhnrchcs aud the legal enforcements which at. once strengthen and limit it, it can clearly deal authoritatively with sub jects' which concern the Anglicau com munion as a whole and. so dealing, it brings out fas I hare said) most strikingly the strength of church federation. Like many other English institnttons it grew up to .supply a need. It was felt that there were questions which could not be determined rightly either by the cliurch at home, especially under the conditions of establishment or by each colonial diocese or province or group of provinces for itself. Unity' in essence with variety of detail, continuity with elasticity accepted and acted upon every where— these afe the accessary conditions of the vitality and co hesion of what is now bccomiog a world-wide commuulon. How were these to be secured ? Oue means — one chief means— was elevating the meeting in hpite of distance, difficulty, loss of time from diocesan duties of the council of the bishops of tbc church, in trust that by the power of the Holy Spirit Christ "will be in the midst of them." This i what the Lam beth Conference had grown to be. For us Australasian . Bishops the difficulty of attend- auce aud the sacrifice of diocesan work thereby is of course greatest. Oui of 16 Australiau bishops., ouly three, or possibiy four beside myself, will " he your representatives aud I go, as yon kuow, uuder special charge to submit certain topics to tho couference in the name of tbe General Synod. But I believe that the sacrifice is worth making, not only for the sake of tho subjects to be dis cussed but for the demonstration and promotion ! of church unity. SUBJECTS OK IMPORTANCE. Yet a glance at some of the subjects to be dealt with is enough to show their importance, and I may add the great yet needful responsi bility of pronouncing upou them. There is tbe question of internal organisation, the mutual relation of diocesan branches of theAnglicaQ commuuion, now numbering above 200 bishops at home and abroad ; the formation of provinces and groups of provinces under one primacy ; the relation of all to the Metropolitan See of Canterbury, even such minor matters as one of those re ferred to by our general synod— the use ot' tbe title of archbishop to mark the apostolical or primatorial diguity. This is not exactly a vital matter ; it cooccrns the framework rather than the life of the church. But it needs regu lation, lest we drift into vagary and disunion. By such a body as the conference alone can regulations be rightly initiated. There iH the greater and - far more vital question of "autho ritative standards of doctrine and worship." It clearly implies that consideration of . greater elasticity in the use of the prayer book and ,of services supplementary to it which our General Synod has submitted. It may, as X trust, iuclude the consideration of some ; 'means' of determination of these standards, which, being accepted by all, might stop such chartered lawlessness as prevails iu some cases In England and may at any time be reproduced here. It will probably not shrink trow the consideration of what variety (such as exists iu tho. American Church and is desired for other branches of our church, especially iu India and Japan) 'is in this matter consistent with funda- meutal uuity. Then follow the still larger question of the right attitude of the Church of '.Knglaud towards other Christian bodies — "the Eastern Churches, the Scandinavian and other reformed churches, the Old Catholics;" and the question also submitted by our Geueral Synod which, both at home and still more iu the colonies, ia of inore press - iug urgency than all these put together — what can be done,- if anything, ou tbo part of the Church of England toward healing the breaches in our own Christianity between those not fun damentally divided in doctrine which are our great hindrance and shame ? It isiimpossible to exaggerate the importance or tho difficulty of this subject ; it depend, of course, not on the Church of England alone, and yet many reasons seem to lay on her the right and the duty of some initiative on the matter. I trust that this grcat coufercnco may be able at least to sug gest tiome'stcp tow atria it. One more question' less vital but still graver questions forced upon the Anglican communion by its very expansion. The vexed question of polygamy iu heathen converts ana the attitude of the church to wards relaxation of« the marriage tie by in creased facilities of divorce — the care of emi grants -who leave the old country but shoukt not leave the old church. Finally, not least in importance though hardest, perbap, to bring to any .practical iconclusiou : How shall the cliurcu better'fight against intemperance and impurity,, bettor deal with the advancing power of Socialism in its various forms, better teach the simple, definite sutatunce of Christianity to varibils classes, especially, I suppose, those mot estranged from it. Less necessary, I think, do these belong to the conference. But yet upon the-su the uuited wis dom uud varied exu'arieuec of its mem ber may well qiul'ify it to «peak with soino authority. All the? problem?, as you wifl at once see, present tLem&i;'Ues agaiu and again to those whuo thoughts oa Curietian duty and faith extend b-yosnl tin- limits of their own daily woik aud lutcrest. There h about those a targenes ami a bo'Jue:-? whi'Mi are iu themselves a rcftcriiment to those who, like so uiauy of us, are o;lcn wearied by tin. pettiness ot our evtiy day duty. Certainly they are subject which will tax uii the coiico- live wisdom of the chmeh at large, and ou which we may gladly listen to the advice of the ; conference of all its bianchcs. My ouly tear, I confer, is that thev are too large and too varied to he giaspcd adequately iu a mouth's 1 session. Bui even to open i'nem must be fruitful directly or indirectly of remits. I pray, aud you vi'A 1 know join in the prayer, that God will pour upou vt? in the old palac at Lambeth the spirit of wisucm and tuith and hies our consultation both tu bolder advance aud closer unity of our whole chuich iu obe dience to Hi high call. tu k ckntknauy it.litluatton-'. The other special subject concern ourselves here. But though in a lesser held 1 cannot but think that it should read soma ot the same lessons. 'Die centenary celebrations to which wc looked forward when we last met have come and gone, not unworthily of the colony, even though we still must tee I some regret, that tbo greatest international celebration of it has devolved upon ay imager sister coiouy.notby her obtrusion but by our timidity aud negligence. About them, while ualurallv tho striking retro spect of the last century induced some boldness ot' prognostication as to the next, there w;»l I think, little unseemly boastfulac?. There wau, with only th exception which made the rnie more cvideut, a spirit ot irco loyalty to the Queen and the old conntry anil a sense of the dignity and responsibility of membership m a great time-houored British community ; there ' was, I noted everywhere, a consciousness of the need for true greatness of something uiorc thau material treasure end even intellectual enlighten ment. There was but one thing which troubled it, of which we saw a sign in the omis sion from the centennial banquet of that asking of God' blessing which I never yet saw passed over iu any great English assembly. If it was not unpremeditated and due to the embarrassment of what is called the D«t momeut, it seems to have argued on the part of those who were in authority au exag gerated fear of a so-called religious ditliculty which could have been easily met. So it would be significant of a tendency which 1 trace with deep regret in matters of graver religious con sequences "to make a solitude and call it peace" (i.e., the respect varying from the prac tice even of tho great Americau Republic), our legislative meeting are opened without prayer, and the Lord' Prayer and the simple hviuns are forbidden to hallow, as in England, the edu cation of public schools. For it our unhappy religious dissensions aro a ground more faucicd thau real. I trust that some day ere long wc shall heboid enough to look tho supposed difficulty in the face, and it will, I suspect, like other ghost, vanish into thin air. But although this grave defect was committed in official action, yet the Centcnury lacked not its substantial consecration. The festival was — thank God 1 — by freo consent on nil side cuthusiasiicully hallowed by contemporaneous religious ser vices, offered with one mind, if not with one mouth, and on the part of members of all branches of tho Christian church, saveono of a uoited service of worship of our common Lord for our common country, which i shall never forgot aud which I know told on tho imngiuutton nud the hearts, not only of our own people but of the representatives of other colo nies. If the occasion reminded us how our religious division play into the hand of . godlessness, it told ua also that they have uot destroyed the vitality of Christian faith or evcu tbe sense of some underlying uuity iu thu Lord Jesus Christ. Certainly all thinkiug men must hope, all Christian must pray, not without some grave anxiety, that tho citizen? of this colony may prove themselves really able to rise to the gre.«t opportunity and destiny to which God's providence has called them. What are our material resource to us if we fail to draw them out and treasure them, or misuse them to self-indulgence, indolence aud money worship? "What our commerce if it he the sphere of constant strife between labor and capital, and if it be honeycombed, as some will have us balicvc, with un soundness and dishonesty ? What is our liberty, personal and national, if wc cannot use it thoughtfully aud with self-sacnfico a9 a mean to high unselfish ends? 'What our representative institutions if they arc reck lessly disgraced or factiouslv abused nnd para lysed ? What our knowledge aud education unless they light U3 to work, duty, nobleness ? What our religious freedom and activity unless tbey cau morally regenerate society and show that the laws of evolution to kigbur forms, hold in tiie sphere of morality, working out the germ of tbc new life given in the Lord Jesus Christ? A age come upou ourselves aud upon hurnau society these questions pre more urgently, more painfully upon us. Thu bright, shallow optimism of youthful day is clouded, God grant that by thu power oi deeper faith we may translate it into a graver aud stronger confidence in redeemed humanity and Gou'a redeemed love, God grant, we pray, that this still young community may rise in tho century to couie, through weal uud woe, to the only true glory of righteousness — not for it own "sake only, or by its own strength, but for the sake of' all humanity and uuder the light of a real faith in God. TBE CENTENNIAL FUND, But X pas from the Centennial celebration as it concerns the whole colouy to it special aspect a it coucerns our own Church, in which we can thankfully trace equal progress and look on in prayer to yet higher hope ; und here, I trust, you will pardon me if I devote such time u ruinaiu to mo to it connection with the Centennial Fund. Since wo met only seven months ago, that fund has been devised, organised, advanced, and, so far, I think we may say that it has been a great, aud to somo at least an unexpected success. Oue quarter of the Centennial year has passed aud already we have achieved one quarter of what was thought tbe splendid audacity of a visionary scheme. More than £6u,0uu ha already passed in ami from only a small portion of our church people. From the first, a you all know, x have attached to the fund more than a money value. As a thanksffertng to God, it may surely hope for HiB blusiing. A a witues to tho world of real sacrifice, it bears not only ou the reputation of our church, but what is of infinitely more cousequeuce, on it power through proved sincerity, to influence society for good. As a central permanent agency for church exteosionj it will go down, a wc tiust, to our children1 children, always btuding the present to the past, always stimulating new energy and sacrifice. But not leaat have i prized' it, in the view already indicated, a a siguai expressive and promotion of church unity. In its original scheme which always, allowing special and dioceaan limitation, it pressed upon us objects widely general, extending over our whole province. Its very idea was that our richer parishes should help the poorer, eveu our wealthier and more settled dioceses, those still struggling with virtually missionary work. Surely this was the true idea, as of Christian love and so of church spirit. -Lately in defereuce to strong pressure the Centennial Board, atretcbiug into power with a boldness, for it must here after ask indemnity, ba agreed to include in the Great Centennial Fund contributions for more special and more local purpose, only asking that these shall pay some tribute, great or small, to the larger objects. I believe that it ha under all the circumstances acted wisely. But X still earnestly trust that the power of localism, which in all its forms I count a ascrions danger to our church life here, will not be allowed to impair the breadth aud nobleness of our first idea. X know well tho temptation under strong pressure to thiuk only of need and duties close at hand and by a slightly modified selfishness to make charity begin and end at home. But surely we can rise above this, aad if we do X am profoundly con vinced that we shall reap tbe promised reward. The spirit of liberality, awakened for au ex ceptional effort, which has about it some touch of "grandeur, will reach for good on the supply even of the local needs. Yet, even were it not so it would be worth some sacrifice to draw the church in this whole colony closer together. The Provincial Synod, which originated the achume, and the board which carries it out re presents hero again a true ecclesiastical federa tion tor the work of the whole. Let this be— rather, I should say, let it continue to be— au effective realitv. X apeak on thi matter iu all earuestnt93 because our most arduous work still remaiu3 to be done, and because it can be done ouly by a resolute uuselfi9hnes and large ness of aim. What has been done a3 yet i to gather in partially— for they are, in fact, still to come — the large contributions of tho feW in the diocese, x suppose about tha hundredth part of our church people. What is to be done now is the more difficult task ot gathering tho smaller contribution ia this country— they need not bo very small— of tho oiaov Tho eompleio success ot the work depends, therefore, on a hearty co-operation. How i3 this to bo obtaiuea ? X answer by the ready local help iu each pariah to our com mittee, and its excellent organising secretary, from those who can rise above mere parochialism. For that help 1 appeal as your bishop to all my fellow-churchmen. But let me say that i appeal this day especially to you— first to you. my brethren of tho clergy, uot some bnt allVtken to von, my brethren of tho laity, representatives of our parishes, and, therefore, commanding confidence and respect there ; if of the 300 members of the syuod all who have not been active in the work would make it their own, for a few weeks— not only giving it to it what they rightly may, but bringtug it before others— X believe that our diocese s shuro of the work would be nearly doue, and before i leave to represent you in England X might have the happiness of knowing that success was virtually ours. I am almost ashamed to hay® even to rerniud churchmen that tbey should m worklug take this view above ail personal considerations. Yet I have little doubt that ia a parish muu will perversely determine tbeie course by thu popularity or unpopularity of r clergyman. I have seen it publicly sug- gu.'ted that the funds may suffer, may reasonably suffer, because, aclihg as I best cat upon what seems to be my duty, T a. bishop, hare done this, or have refrained from vioing that. Now, 1 think you know that I du nut presume tu hold myself above criticism though I may feel that it in at its bust when it does uot see!: auonymou irresponsibility, and wheu it expresses itself through regular cuurcb channels rather than : L have aid before, when through letters to the daily prtns.wheu j lose the coniiilenrc of my fellow churchmen here, I cau j no longer servo God ami serve him with advan tage. But what has my action to do with a great general work like this ? 'The scheme i uot properly min; the management ot the funds will L-e in thu hand ot representatives ot the whol" church, j'reuiy chosen from, time to tiu.e ; the Ivneficnv work will go on, n I triHt, when 1 and all who hear me have passed j away. Thi must he seeu by all who think. As ha bc-n well said, " What we give wo give to (led aud to iiis Church." I believe that on this ground and on other, the great body of our people will rise, no; oulv abuvo personal coufcidoratious, buteveu a'oovc'all party strife and anxieties. Let them have confidence iu the principle of their church, as history ha tested and proved them and in iltm who ha called it to a special position iu Christendom, and has sarely iu store lor it scute not ignoble destiny. CONCLUSION, My brethren, t almost feel that X may weary you by laying such Ircqueut aud urgent stress on tbc greatness of that Christian unity of which this Centennial year fhould bo n now realisation aud our Centennial Fund a bumblo instrument. Let it be my excuse that a3 bishop I havo beyond all others as ouo chief drawback for the happiness of tho work of God, tho sad and wearisome experience of putty strifes and misunderstandings and of divisions, which if uot petty, at least fail grievously of true con ception of proportion iu Chriatiau truth. Do not think that £ undervalue strong religious in dividualism 011 which vital Chri.stiauity ao largely depends. Do not think that I am blind to tho healthy and tonic influence of local self- government ia church as in State, but in otic , age and in our church hero theso thiugs aro absolutely safe. Tho danger is not that they should be overborne, but that they should usurp, aud by aggrcssivo exaggera tion splinter up unity." Think of tha conditions of the actual modern life in which God ha cast our lot. Largeness of sweep and unity of conception aro the characteristics of all modem thought; closer unity, either by voluntary aggregation or under deeper laws of her management, is equally characteristic of modern society ; breadth and tremendous sim plicity of issue mark tho great questions be tween morality and license, between Chrla- tiauity and uuhelicf. Under such conditions bow can 0:10 help remembering and himself dwelling on tho prayer for all who believe in Christ, "That they all may be ouo aa Thon, Father, art in Me and I iu Thee that they may bo in us." In some better realisation both of the grander unity of tlio whole Church of Christ and of thu lower and cloBec unity of our own branch of it itt particular, must lie, uudcr God, tho one hope of really leavening for Hira a world thus pervaded with conceptions and craviugs of brcadih, simplicity, unity. Even evolution in the army of God mnsl paralyse it and give it over to gradual defeat m detail. What shall wo say of internal strife in tho face of an exultant enemy? His tory aud philosophy alike teach us that in our days at any rate living unity can never be tho fruit of an absolutism which crushes variety and individuality ; still less of a desponding acquiescence iu tho universal haziness o£ uncertainty, or all tho higher and moro lurstGriouu element of life and thought. But tbe future of Christianity everywhere depend! on tho realisation of free unity, of strong' accordance iu great fundamental truth, of real brotherly sympathy even in sense of difference of thought and peculiarity of character, and o£ that absolute self-sacrifice for Christ which will show itself tn enthusiasm for the ono common gospel and for the work of the whole Church of God. I urge the thought on. you to-day« We arc, wc know it, but a haudful "in the vaat- ness of tbe Christian host — our work fox God only one contribution, which can claim even a shadow of greatness only by ita future promise, to the manifold and world wide oi the whole Catholic church of past, present aud future ; the utterance heard of our synod ouly as one insignificant nyllable 1x1 tha great unceasing witness of God's truth. But we Mvf; still our plane and our duty. God grat.'. ' " P»r humble measure we may butt:. M'.ial a:;- '. thi Bpccial call wlii : .-.»' ;-Ti' : : - vet 0 at.. l. m; ".iu Christ,.- THE BUS1N»..,. AT UO.MI: AT ltlSHOl'bCOURT. Tho Bisiiui' auuuuuceU that bu would be nb home at Bishopscourt ou Saturday afternoon, between the hours of 3 aud 6, when he would bo glad to sou a many members of tho synod aud their friends a could attend. THE CATHEDRAL UEHED03. Tho Bishop said that, with regard to the resolution arrived at as to the alteration of one of the panels in the reredos in St. Andrew's Cathedral, the best efforts had been used to carry this resolution into effect, and a fortnight after the motion was carried an order for a new panel had been sent to the old country. They hud since written twice and telegraphed once, and he did not understand how it was they had not received a reply. SPECIAL nrSINESS. Tbo BisnoP then laid upon tho table of tha syuod reports of tho provincial Bynod with reference to the Church Act of Moore College, and also the reply to the Jubilee address which had been presented to bcr Majesty the Queen. He also slated that two vacancies had occurred ia the membership of the synod through the resignation of Mr. 11. M. Armstrong, of Sninmer- hill, and the death of Mr. C. Rolleston, of Christ Church, St. Bernards. The Bishop announced that he had appointed , the Very Rev. the Dean to act ai commissary 1 to the diocese during his absence at tho Lambeth Conference iu Loudon, and that Dean Cowpex i had consented to net. REPORTS, «K\ The following documents and reports wero laid upon the table and received and ordered to be priutcd : — Miuute book of tbo standing committee, report of the standing committee, cathedral accouuts, statement, of tho receipt and expenditure of the Clergy Widow' and Orphans' Fund, report of the trustee of tha Superannuation Fuud, report of the principal of Moore College, Moore's Estate accounts, St. James' Gleho accounts, Kydo Gleba accouuts, St. John's, l'arratnatta, Glebe ac count ; St. Mark's Glebe accounts ; Burton Scholarship account; report of Church Society, including the report of the Cuuich Eudowmcuc Fund; report of Diocesau Educational and Book Society ; report of the Church of England Mission to Seamen ; report of tho Lay-readers1 Association, which tho bishop characterised a a most useful -society whose self-denying labora were deserving of tho highest praise ; report of the Church Buildings Loan Fuud, which it waa stated had made 74 advances Amounting to £20,622 16. 7d. iu eight years— the present capital being £?-10fl 14s. 7d. ; report of the Church of England Properly Trust, diocese of Syduey ; report of tho standing committee on the question of itho revision of the constitu tions ; progress report of the Sydney diocesan committee of tuo Church Centeuuial Fund, which, in the diocese of Sydney alone, it was stated, amounted already to £33,000; progress report of the ceutcnnial board of the Church Centennial Fund : report of mib-committee on coudition of churches, trustees of the superannuation fund with refer ence to subscribers leaviug tbe diocese with the sanction of tho bishop ; report of the trustees of the 1 clergy, widow's and or phans' fund with refereuco to subscribers leaving the diocese with the sanctiou of the bishp ; report of tho council of the Church of Engiaud Grammar School ; report of tho church lauds committee on tho Biahopcourt estate ordinance; report of tbe church'lauds committee on the Henry-street, Penrith, school land ordinance ; report of the church lands committee on tho Golden Grovo church laud ordinance ; report of tho church laud9 com mittee on tho yt. Paul's school land ordinance ; list of parochial nominator under tho "pre sentation ordinance of 1876." With reference to the Clergy, Widows and Orphans Fund, Mr. T. A.'Dibbs atatcd;that tho funds amounted to £15,423 its., and the present iucoine was £1188 17s. fid. ELECTIONS. Messrs. W. Gregory Walker and R. Hill were appointed lay members of tbe standing committee. The following gentlemen were elected n committee of tho Church Society Messrs. ' G. \V. F. Addison, K. Burton, W. U. Beaver, Captain Deane, J. Green, Knox, W. A. Hutchin son, Plummer, G. F. Wi«e, J. T. (Wiltshire, W. H. Wilkinson aud J. Vickery. Secretaries : Rev. J. D. Laugley aud Mr. K. Hill. Messrs. K. W. MoluswurtU and 0. R. Walsh were elected members of the committee on religious instruction in public scnools. Twelve clergymen and 12 laymen were chosen as a panul of triers under the " tribuual ordiuaucc of 1868," Rev. A. W. Pain and Messrs. J. Yickery and F. L. Barker were elected trustee of the Superannuation Fund. Rev. Canon Kcmmis, Captain Deane and Mr. E. Knox were elected trustees for the Clergy, Widows' and Orphans' Fund. Six clergymen and bix laymen were chosen as a diocesau corresponding committee of the board of >uis8ious. Several of the committees were 'nominated, but as the numbers exceeded tho number to bo > elected the ballot watt postponed uutil the fol lowing day. Mr. Cecil Stephen was elected a member of the King's School council ia place of the late Mr. Geo. Knox. The synod adjourned at 10.60 p.m. nntil 4 p.m. this afternoon. 