Professor Pearson delivered a lecture before the Australian Church Literary Society a few days since, on “The Possible Future of Human Character.” The lecture was, in fact, a series of thoughtful speculations as to the ten dency of the moving forces of modern society, and their probable effect on social and national character. The sub ject is an attractive one, but becomes more and more indefinite and obscure the farther it is followed. Up to a cer tain point it is possible for a scholarly thiuker like our Minister of Education to indicate pretty clearly the progress of cause and effect, and within the clearer conditions of this limit there is .much interesting matter. Take, for example, the present and probable future development of science as ap plied to the mechanical arts.. The in evitable resist of this development wiH be to incalculably reduce the demand for physical exertion, and to greatly and continuously cheapen the neces saries of life. Herein lies a cause of great disquiet to the ordinary prophetic philanthropist, who sees in the coining displacement of muscle aud brain by machinery, a wholesale lack of employment, with the after contingencies of suffering, revolt, and social anarchy. Mr Pearson' takes a more hopeful view, for he thinks moral progress and moral reform will march side by side with other social develop ments, and that the net result will be a vast gain to the masses who earn their bread by manual labor. And he points out that,-, in past social and political revolutions whether sudden or gradual, the benefit to the human family have usually been largely in excess of any contingent evils. He says— “lt is difficult to read the history of the last hundred years without feeling that enor mous moral reforms have beeu accomplished. Let it be granted, for the sake of argument, thatthe emancipated negro, especially while he is still half a savage, indolent and careless of improving his social position, is not a per ceptibly higher animal than was the negro toiling under the lash. Can we consider it of ho account that emancipation has made family life possible among the inferior race, or that many thousands of whites have been liberated from the degradation of living by other men’s unpaid work, aud from the ter rible responsibilities of absolute power ? . . Everyone, 1 suppose, admits that our tender ness towards ciiminals lias not always been judicious; but can anyone read the list of the 200 and odd oifences that were once punish able with death, or still more of the sentences that were actually carried out, and question that there has been a great change for the better within the lifetime of living men? Manhood suffrage may not yet have done, and may never do, one- half of what its ad vocates fondly hoped it could achieve, but can anyone doubt that it lias forced men to consider the wants and lights aud study the elevation of the toiling masses, even more than it has induced demagogues to humor their wishes and pander to their passions ?” All this, the Professor continues, is not enough for the optimist, who woukl fain see tokens that the world is gradu ally swinging round into a grander orbit, and is not satisfied . by the probability that legislation will be come more equitable, and the condi tions of existence happier. We can imagine a hereafter in which dangerous contrasts of wealth will be toned down, pauperism and crime reduced to minute proportions, when the laborer’s ideal of work and fair wages shall be at last attained, property be far more generally diffused, and the equal rights of all classes of men established beyond dispute; when education will be uni veral and all religious superstition be swept away. And what then ? Will not the science of Government as well as the science of material development have said its last word 1 And yet there will be wants which science of no matter how high an order will not be able to supply. The State, says Pro fessor Pearson’, cannot create genius, and the chances are that its action will rather tend to suppress it by constant efforts to defend the natural rights of dulness or mediocrity. And there threatens to be a yet more serious danger of a moral kind, which the lec turer indicates thus “So much of religion has been assimilated into the unanimous ethical practice of civi lised man, so many religious accretions of system or dogma have been discarded as extravagant, that it seems questionable whether religion itself may not melt away into a shadowy and impalpable presence, exercising no real control over feeling and character. The world would then be left without the regenerating in fluence of the splendid ardor for political reform and the fervor of moral convic tion which have quickened men as nothing else has quickened them for cen turies past with a passion purifying the soul. The rapid dying out of Puritan households is among the causes that are making society fihrelcss. The men and women who grew up iu a faith that was something more than enthusiasm or passive conviction were pene trated by a sense of the reality of Divine law in a way that perhaps is never likely to be reproduced. The reaction in favor of voluptuousness, which has allied itself with a sentiment for Greek forms of art, has done a great deal to stimulate a feeling for beauty, but it cannot be said to have added to the creative or the sustaining energies of the human race. It is idle to dream that the Puritan traditions can be revived. The re sults of that iron drill were obtained at a cost which none who passed through it can forget, or would submit to again, or could endure to see indicted upon their children.” And the problem as to what shall re place the moral observances, beliefs, superstitions, even of the past, is one which will give the next generation serious trouble, and is cropping up even now. How often do we find it as sumed that in matters of trade any thing not legally punishable is up to any necessary standard of morals, and that actions which are distinctly illegal not to say immoral are like the photographer’s plates which do not assume dark, lines until they are ex posed to the light. And if, as the Professor suggests, the ardor of scientific research may do some of the work of religious faitli in giving dis cipline and intensity to the mind, yet the danger is that in the interregnum between the decay of faith and the ascendancy of science, society may wo to pieces or relapse into polished barbarism. The lecturer anticipates the approach of a time when the present rate of progress will be no longer possible. All over the world the strong are swallowing the weak, or forcing the weak to find safety in amalgamation. This is the case iii commerce, in manufactures, and with nations also. If universal federation be not possible the indications are that amalgamation of the weaker with the stronger will go on until the whole family of men are classed in three or four vast brotherhoods, a war between whom would dwarf the encounters of Titans. In that far future the political demagogue will have to change his occupation or starve. When the ques tions of slavery, nationality, manhood suffrage, equality, cheap bread, and cheap land, are finally settled and done with, there will be no room for stump orators, or for the average M.L.A. In attempting to look still farther ahead we see the ghosts of new dis turbing forces, arising out of the very uniformity to which tl*e world seems tending. Our national edu cation system may serve as a type of this. We are work ing as hard as we can to suppress and discourage the bright, clever youth down to a given standard, and to raise the dull and stupid ones up to it. If we succeed, as in part we no doubt shall, so far as the first section of scholars is concerned, we have done something to flatten out the life of the coming generation into an uninterest ing plane, and lost something besides mere variety in the doing. In other things besides State schools there is a very apparent inten tion to make an ideal standard for the citizen or the workman, and bring all hands to that standard. All this may be the inevitable outcome of the changing conditions of our lives, but they do not tend-to the realisation of our highest ideal of human nature. It is comforting to retreat from mere speculation on to the firm ground of assurance that the future of human character as of the world is under the guidance of a power which never fails to govern, and never governs wrongly. Ratepayers of (be city and town are re minded by advertisement in our columns that next Monday, the 11th June, is the last day for paying their municipal rates, in order to have their names enrolled on the municipal rolls for the current year. As the Parliamentary and Upper House rolls are compiled from the rate books, it is very im portant that ratepayers should pay in time, aud ensure their names being placed on these rolls, which are compiled annually. In order to give every facility, the rate col lectors’ offices in both city ami town will be open for receiving rates until 4 o’clock to day, and until S o’clock iu the evening on Monday. On the 25th inst., there will be a sitting of the Licensing Court at Ballarat, when the vexed question as to which houses shall be closed iu the Ballarat East Proper division, by virtue of the recent decision of the rate payers, will be threshed out. Mr Parkinson, with his usual energy ami ability, lias all the particulars requisite for the guidance of the bench ready. Applications for transfers of licenses, which must be lodged with the Clerk of Courts by Saturday next, will also he heard at the same sittings. The chief difficult}- iu connection with recommending houses for closing, has been experienced in connection with Bridge street. All the hotels in that thoroughfare are respectably conducted, hut they are so uumerous that some of them must go. In this instance the chief reasons for recommending the shutting up of any house will be its lack of accom modation as compared with other licensed premises, and its distance from the nearest one having greater claims for the continuance of the license. A young man named Mahouy (writes our Smythesdalc correspondent) shot himself dead this afternoon at Scarsdale whilst pull ing a loaded gun off a cart. Particulars of the sad accident are not yet to baud. The charge of attempting to procure abortion, preferred against Charles Bennett, which was part heard on Thursday, was con tinued yesterday at the Ballarat Criminal Sessions of the Supreme Court, before Mr Justice Holroyd. Tile evidence for the prosecution was concluded late iu the after noon. The accused, who was undefended, cross : examiued the witnesses at length, questioning the informant, Charlotte Eliza beth Harley, particularly as to her mode of life, with the view of proving that her morals were loose. At the conclusion of the evi dence Bennett- read a lengthy defence, dwell ing upon the weak points of the evidence, aud urging that he would be a madman or a fool who would seek to procure abortion by the means he was charged with having adopted. His Honor summed up most im partially. The jury, after having been locked up until past 11 o’clock, failed to agree upon a verdict, and were therefore discharged. The accused was accordingly remanded to staud his trial at the next Criminal • sessions iu Ballarat, bail being allowed as heretofore. The directors of the Band and Albion Consols Company have decided to send as’ an exhibit to the forthcoming International Ex hibition in Melbourne, a trophy representa tive of the amount of gold obtaiued from the company’s mines. The company has taken out during its existence 28 tons of gold, ami this will be exhibited iu the form of a rhombic dodecahedron, the form in which gold is found iu a naturally crystallised state. A model of the huge crystal has been made by Professor Krause, of the School of Mines, and the exhibit when sent to the Exhibition will surmount a base of auriferous quartz. While working at Mr Ardagh’s new build ing, Main road, on Thursday afternoon, Mr F. W. Buley, the contractor, narrowly escaped a serious accident. He was work ing near a wall when portion of the structure came down with a crash, striking him on the body aud legs. Fortunately Mr Buley escaped with a sprained ankle and a few bruises. He was conveyed to his residence for surgical treatment. His Excellency the Governor (Sir Henry B. Loch), accompanied by Sir James Macßaiu, the President of the Legislative Council, arrived in Ballarat by the special train yesterday afternoon. They were met at the station by Mounted-constables Page aud Fitzpatrick, who escorted them as far as Buninyong, whither~they were driven by Mr Osborne iu a carriage drawn by four horses. On arriving at the “ ancient vil lage” ills Excellency and Sir James were met by the mayor, presideut, and council lors of the borough aud shire of Buninyong, and were entertained for about half-au-hour at alight refection. From thence, Mouuted constables Campbell and Lennox acted as an escort as far as Grenville, where liotses were changed. The president and councillors of the shire of Grenville seized the opportunity to entertain the distinguished visitors. The proceedings at each place, however, were scarcely of a formal character. ■ From Greu ville his Excellency and Sir-Janies were driven to the residence of Mr Thos. Russell, at Weiook, near Rokewood, where they will remain as guests till Monday. The correspondence per R.M.S. Liguria reached the Ballarat Post Office at 6.30 a.m. yesterday by special train from Adelaide. The meet of the Hunt Club to-day will be at Ceres, Learmonth, where lunch will be provided at 1 o’clock by Mr T. Bath. The throw-off takes place at 2.30 p.ml A lad named Richard Parker, alia# Richard Wcstou, was brought up the City Police Court yesterday morning charged with steal ing a silver watch and chain, the property of Mabel Sherry. The lad pleaded guilty-, and was remanded until Tuesday that his parents might be communicated with. Three persons were dealt with at the court for drunkenness. Messrs Walker and Gale, J’s.P., yester day attended at the Town Police Court. Six persons charged with being drunk aud disorderly were each fiued ss, in default two days’ imprisonment. A robbery was committed at the opium shop of All Hoe, Main road, early yesterday morning. Entrance was effected to the premises by cutting-a hole in the ceiling of an adjacent smoking room, and the thief must then have, crawled along the rafters in the roof to* reach Ah Hoe’s quarters. When in the Celestial’s “ drawing room” the thief attempted to force open a drawer which contained cash and opium, and failing in the endeavor he kicked in the side of the chest and annexed opium valued at £2 10s, and £3 in cash. The robber then decamped through a front door, which was found open by the proprietor on aiising from his slum bers. The robbery has caused quite a sen sation in the Chinese Camp. Mr H. P. Wilson, of Melbourne, wired us last night as follows:—“ The Federal Stock Exchange sold the offices to-day’, resulting in a rental of £l9OO per annum, leaving the company free of rent, gas, and rates.” The Town Mission Hall was well filled on Thursday nigh tat the usual fortnightly tem perance entertainment held there. Mr H. Furness presided, aud delivered a very neat and pointed address. Mr R. M‘Gregor addressed the young men aud girls with great earnestness, showing them that the hope of the colony is in the sobriety, sta bility, and tile mental aud moral stamina of the youth of our country’. Mrs Green and Miss Herinon sang a duet with tolling effect. Miss Hollow, Miss Fcary, Miss Trotman, Miss A. Green, Mr Field, and Mr C. Stone man sang also in good style. All original temperance dialogue by’ Mr C. Stoneman was rendered by Messrs Bennetts, Tre vena, Abley’, and Grenfell, while good recitations and readings were giveu by Miss Hocking, Mr Webster, from Talbot, and Messrs Was ley, Terry, aud Arthur. A small charge of Id was made, and the sum of £1 Ss was realised. A meeting of the Ballarat Cambrian Society was held in the rooms last night; Mr Tiieos. Williams, J.P., Mayor of the Town, and one of the vice-presidents, occupying the chair. There was a good attendance, and a very enjoyable evening was spent by all. The programme included readings and reci tations. Mr Tiieos. Williams, who is a highly cultured Welshman, gave a reading from Dafydd ab Gwilym, in which a con versation betweeu the bard aud a priest is set forth. The conversation is supposed to have been indulged in in the 14th century, and the reading was given by the mayor with the view of showing the little change that had taken place in the Welsh language since the 14th century. The book used by the reader was nearly 100 years old, having been printed in London in 1759. Among others who contributed to Iho amusement of the evening were Mr David Thomas, Nichol son street, Black Hill, and Mr Edward Jones, Dana street. A vote of thanks to the chairman closed the proceedings. The Railway Department has arranged to attach a passenger carriage to the goods train that leaves Daylesford for Ballarat daily at halt- past 1. This change will be made on after next Mouday. Arrangements have been made to run special trains from Melbourne to Bacchus Marsh on 10th June, in connection with the race meeting to bo held at that place. A special train carrying horses and passengers will leave Spencer street at 9.50 a.in., aud will return at 5.40 p.m., whilst a passenger special will leave at 11.40 a.m., aud return at 5 p.lll. Oppor tunity will be taken to open anew passenger platform at Bacchus Marsh. Major Dane’s subject to night, at the new Trades’ Hall, Camp street, will be “ America, the Marvel of the Ages.” It is said this lecture has been received every’- where with great favor. The Melbourne papers speak very highly’ of it, recognising the peculiar fitness of the Major, as a dis tinguished American, to deal with such a subject. Major Dane treats the planting and development of the Great Republic 011 a philosophical basis. Beginning with the germs planted at Plymouth Rock and Jamestown, lie shows the causes and de velopments of these elements into the spirit which budded and blossomed into the Republic, and dealing with it teritorially, climatically, industrially’, educationally, ami politically, on a broad, free basis, and presents a vivid picture of that mighty 60 millions of people, made up from all the chief European nations, among which the blood of the Anglo-Saxon holds chief rule and sway. There was a fair attendance of the public again at the City Hall yesterday to inspect the Kockkiick collection of paintings. Their many excellencies have been the theme of admiration on the part of all who have seen them. Those who desire to inspect them are reminded that they will only be on exhi bition until 1 p.m. to-day’. Anniversary services in connection with the Wesleyan Home Missionary Society will be held in the various Wesleyan Churches of the Lydiard street circuit. The Rev. E. S. Bickford, the energetic general secretary of the Wesleyan Home Missions, will preach in the Pleasant street Church to-morrow morning, and at Lydiard street to-morrow evening. Mr Bickford will address meetings at Lydiard street on Monday evening, Pleasant street on Tuesday’, Sebastopol 011 Wednesday, and Buninyong on Thursday’. The society of which he is secretary is doing good work both in city and country, and Mr Bickford himself will be heartily welcomed by his many friends iii Ballarat. The Lydiard street Wesleyan M.I.A. met last Thursday evening, at the usual time aud place. Mr W. F. Coltman (junior vice president) occupied the chair. There was a large attendance. Several nominations and elections for membership were dealt with. A discussion ou “ Which is the greater in centive to iliity’, rewards or punishments?” was opened by Messrs H. J. Burton -and Broadley. The subject was spoken to by the senior vice-president (Mr D. J. Wheal) and a number of other speakers, including Mr G. Upliam (a visitor). One of the speakers expressed the opiniou that punish ment was not a deterrent to criminals, in con sequence of the number of crimes committed by released prisoners, who endeavored to qualify themselves by a renowal of their evil deeds for further punishment. He spoke in commendation of the Salvation Army Prison Brigade Home. Mr Carmichael, of Moore College, is spending bis vacation in Ballarat, and will assist Archdeacon Alliuiby till the end of July. To-morrow lie will preach in St. Stephen’s Church, Gleupark, in the morn ing; St. George’s, Yendon, in the ufternoon; aud St. James’, Nerrina, iu the eveuing. Avery successful sale of fur goods was held yesterday by Messrs F. M. Claxtou and Cos. (by their Mr Verey), at Mitchell’s Buildings, Sturt street. There was a good attendance of buyers, and the prices ob tained for the articles offered were very satisfactory, the rugs especially, being much sought after. The goods not disposed of will be on view at Messrs F. M. Claxtou and Co.’s office for a few days, where purchases can be made privately. A special meeting of tilt) committee of the Ballarat Miners’ Association was held 011 Wednesday evening; Mr Smith, president, occupying the chair. The following gentle men were nominated for offices in the A.M.A., viz. :—Mr J. B. Burton (Stawell), president; Mr T. Porter (Ballarat), vice president; Mr John Sampson (Ballarat) trea surer; M r W. G. Speuce (Creswiek), secretary; Mr T. H. Lawn (Ballarat), aud Mr A. L. A. Bastin (Daylesford), auditors; and Mtsirs V. Brown (Egertou), R. Smith (Ballarat), aud S. Charlton (Waterloo), trustees. The following members were elected delegates from the braucli for the conference to be held at Chiltern on the 24th July:—Messrs R. Smith, Jas.. Sampson, G. Williams, T. Porter, J. Willaton, and the secretary (Mr T. H. Lawn). \ It was also decided that the office of the association be removed to the Trades’ Hall. The meeting adjotnmed with a vote of thanks to the chair. The removal of the office to the Trades’ Hall building will be effected in about a fortnight. One of the most interesting matches of the season will be played to-day at the Eastern Oval, when the Ballarat and South Ballarat meet to try conclusions. Both teams have been practising .very hard, and a most exciting game should result. Mr J. J. Trait is central umpire. The committee of the Church of England, Sheep Hills, have accepted the tender of- Messrs Ludbrook and sons for the erection of a very pretty church. The amount of the, tender is £313 2s. It is not generally known that a body of men, designated the Meu’s Evangelistic and Prayer Union, meet every Saturday evening, at S o’clock, in the Manchester Unity Hall, Grenville street, for devotional, exercises, specially petitioning for the church ‘ work, &c..; on the following day. All at tending will be welcome. During the month of May the -number of students receiving instruction at the School of Mines has been SO7, as follows: Chemistry, 27; metallurgy, 65; natural philosophy, 10; mining managers, 33; i mineralogy, 13; geology, 9; mechanical eu ! gineering and drawing, S4; mathematics, ; 11; telegraphy, 51; materia medica, 10; ! botany, 12; astronomy, 6; chemistry and physics (Stute school pupils), -178. The num ber of lectures delivered has been IS2. Dur ing the same period 49 general aualyscs and j assays have been made for the general public, ; 24 gold bullion assays, and 6 vacuum and pressure gauges tested. I The many friends of Mr R. W. L. Kent, ' accountant of the National Bank of Austral asia, Warrnambool, and formerly of this city, will be pleased to learn that he lias ' been promoted to the managership of the ! branch at Laueefield. The houuds of the Ballarat District Hunt Club will meet to-day at Ceres, Learmonth, the members of the Hunt Club and their friends having been invited by Mr Thos. Bath to lunch, and bunt over his estate. Great inconvenience is being experienced (writes our Smythcsdale correspondent) by a number of tradesmen and others having accounts to receive at the local receipt and pay office from time to time, many of whom are obliged to travel long distances to receive their cheques. To avoid this it has been suggested that the clerk in charge should visit Linton—being centrally situated—once a mouth, which arrangement, if carried out, would be most satisfactory to those residing in that and the surrounding neighborhood, and wculd not inflict any 7 undue hardship on the receipt ami paycleik. That gentlemen would, I have reason to believe, willingly undertake the additional duty, should he receive instructions to that effect from the department. Our local correspondent writes to say' that the disease the child Bovkctt died of at Smythesdale recently was not diphtheria, a3 stated, but typhoid fever, the girl also mentioned having suffered from the same complaint. Our Smythesdale correspondent writes:— “ Mr 0. Coliyer, head teacher of the local State school, takes 1113 departure for Stawell in the morning, and will take charge of the school in East Stawell. It has not trans pired who will succeed him at Smythes dale.” The Victorian Railway Department has arranged with the South Australian Rail way Department for a special mail train from Adelaide on Sunday eveuing with the mails by the Victoria, which will be delivered in Melbourne on Monday morning at 9.45 p.m. We publish in our advertising columns the plan and prospectus of the Bnrwooil Town ship Lind Cos., Limited; this company is now being successfully' floated in Melbourne, for the purpose of purchasing WO acres of land, for subdivision next Spring. Wo notice Mr Jas. E. Hunt (late of Ballarat), will represent the company, at the George hotel, where any information will be supplied, and applications received. At the meeting of the Central Board of Health yesterday the report of Mr Le Cape laine on the unsatisfactory drainage in con nection with the Smcaton, Bircli’sCreek, and Clinics water supply was received, blit it was decided that the local board be invited to lay before the Central Board vvliat they' propose or think necessary to remedy' exist ing defects. The Bniiiiiyong Bine Ribbon Mission held a very' successful meeting in the Temperance Hall 011 Tuesday' last, the building being crowded. The addresses, speeches, recita tions, and singing were much appreciated. Our Buiiinyoug correspondent reports:— “ Tiie drain running from the back of Mr Greaves’ premises into Forrest ,6trcet, Bun inyong, is being newly covered the whole distance. But what about that portion of the drain running through private property’ from Mr Caffrey’s corner? Is that not dan gerous also?” Our Buninyong correspondent writes:— “ A notice of motion has been tabled by Cr M’Leiniaii for next meeting to take into consideration the question of amalgamation of the shire and borough of Buniiiyoog. Steps are being taken and public meetings are to be held to bring pressure on the Government to make a railway' from the Buninyong Junction through Grenville, Rokewood, and on to Colne.” The friends of Cr David Kerr, of Buiiin yong, will be sorry' to learn that he is suffer ing from a severe attack of congestion of the lungs, and that he is lying dangerously’ ill at his residence at Buninyong. That most extraordinary’ provision of the Public Service Act which provides that if a billet is vacant the officer senior in the class shall receive the offer of promotion to it, the service boing treated as a whole and not dc partincntally, is responsible (says the Mel bourne correspondent of the Ararat Adeer ti-ier) for another rich joke. A short time since the position of chief clerk to the De fence Department became vacant, owing to Mr Ramsay—who lias been very badly treated in being deprived of legitimate ad vancement—accepting a lucrative position outside, and consequently quitting the ser vice. As the Secretary of Defence is new to his position, and Mr Ramsay’ was not only the organiser of the department, but lias practically controlled the oflico work of it from Colonel Sargood’s era until now, the officer who is to succeed him requires to pos sess special qualities to prevent the depart mental detail duties drifting into confusion. What prospect there is of this maybe judged when I tell you that the Public Service Board, 011 being requisitioned in the usual mauner, nominated for tlie vacancy the officer next in seniority’, who happens to be a proof-reader in the Government Printing Office. 