THE STORY-TELLER. " LONGS HO REMANS" TARNS. [BY A " SEAFARER."] I was sitting on the beach of a South country watering-place, with a book on my knee and an umbrella over my head. A 'longshoreman stood behind. I had glanced at him, aud was on the whole well pleased with his appearance. He was tbe most nautical 'longshoreman I had ever beheld. He was dressed in a complete suit of pilot cloth, though the thermometer stood at S2 degrees iu the shade, His hair fell in ringlets dowu his bead, and his black beard was trimmed so as to stand out from under his chin like the tail of a bird. He had very small black eyes, and a face dotted with pock marks. I had noticed him before, aud I got to think of him as a mariner who had been cast Away on a desert island for a number of years, during which time he had eaten noth r ing but grass and barnacles, and who, being rescued by a ship, had been made tidy and comfortable by the loan of a suit of clothes. I was looking at my book when I heard someone address him. I peeped cautiously under the umbrella, and saw a tall, knock-kneed youug man in white'flannels and a straw hat, prominent eyes, and an open mouth. The youth asked the 'longshoreman some question about lifeboats, and then he wanted to know what was the difference between a cutter and a brig, and if the 'longshoreman had ever saved a human life, and, if so, what reward did he get. Questions of this sort were multiplied, and by a peculiar tone in the answers returned by the 'longshoreman I gathered that he was quietly taking stock of his openmouthed young friend, " Where you ever in danger ?" enquired the young gentleman. " What sort o' danger?" responded the other. " I was once nigh marrying a womxu that turned out to have buried four husbands in eighteen years, but I didn't know it. D'ye mean dauger of that kind ?" " Oh, no !" said the other, speakiug very gravely, "I mean the dangers of the sea. I suppose you have beeu a sailor?" " You may suppose, sir," exclaimed the 'lorgshorcman, with emphasis. I could pretty well foresee what was eomiug. Here was a youth who wanted to be able to go home to tea and tell his mother and sisters, and perhaps his grandmother, that he had been having a talk with one of the most wonderful old sailors that was ever heard of—a seasoned tar, a hardy salt, a real seaman, much more exciting than the sailors you read about in novels ! 'Longshoreman are on the look out* for wcek-kueed, largeeyed young men of this description, and to the gentleman with the corkscrew-ringlets the youug fellow in flannels was what he himself would call a " job." "Then you have really been in danger at sea?" " Ay ! See that there row of men in fearnaught trousers a-leaning over th' rail ? Worry well. One of 'em is two an' seventy years of age, and ne'er a man amongst 'em but what's seen penis enough to turn a 'pothecary's hair white. Now, I tell yer what yer shall do. You shall tarn to and roll up all them men's experiences in one parcel, and I tell ye the least o' what I've suffered would drag the whole bilin' of it up if it were moored thirty fathom deep with an anchor that hadn't bin'lifted eighty year." " Really 3" said the young man. Why, see here," cried the 'longshoreman, feigning a sudden excitement, as if memory had been somewhat abruptly touched, " HI gi' ye one danger, to start with. I was in th' mizzenriggin' of a big ship that was houtward boun' to th' coast of Californie. It was blowing a fresh breeze of wind dead as tarn, but the sky was blue as this here is ; ay, just as blue. Well, I can't rightly remember the particular job I was on, but I recollect of goin' on with it for some time, when casting my eyes astarn I seed a cloud like a b'loon coining up light in the tail of our wake. It drawed nearer and nearer, and the nearer it drawed of course the Bigger it growed. I seed it, as I told ye; but supposin' that the mate seed it tew I says nothing, but went on quietly with my work. It woru't until that there cloud had put the sun out that the mate took notice o' him, and then I see-tun a-cockin' of his liye aloft. Presently the cloud Jwas drawed right overhead, and was a regular downright thunder-cloud, coming out the blacker for the sun that shone out all round. When he'd come light on top of us, as it might be, he seemed to stand still as if taking a surwey o' th' wesseL The mate suddenly sings out, * By thunder, Perkins, if the lightning conductor ain't stopped to the foot of the stay ! If that there cloud womits a blast the Lord ha' ir.erey on our souls.'" " Extraordinary !' said the knock-kneed young man. " Jump, Perkins,' "cries the mate, * as if yer mother-in-law was in chase o' ye, and cut the conductor adrift aud let the end tow overboard.' I'm the man, sir, as would walk into a lion's den when the hanimals was waracious with waiting for their raw meat and sit down and think nothing of it. I'm a man as 'ud man that there lifeboat if so be as my arms had the strength for to row her, though ne'er another party along the coast wolu nteered. Uut when it came to my having to handle a lightning conductor with a cloud overhead just quietly awaiting for me to touch it to let fly, I hung a moment in th' wind; but the true character of the British tar was too strong for me. 4 Hobey horders if yer break owners' is the old saying. Sailors o' my kind always puts dooty first aud death last. I pulled out my sheathknife, jumped out o' th' niizzen-riggin', and ran across to the main 'royal backstay, down which the conductor was led. I was within two foot of it when there was such a blaze that 'twas like a man putting his head in the sun. Down I fell in a faint. When I comes to I "finds all the steel o' my knife melted, and my fingers a-clutching the bone haft. An* what else d'ye think had happened ? The taw-gallantm st aud topufst was split, aud the whole mess of it had come down. Besides that there was twenty foot of the rail close to where I was standin' smashed sheer overboard. No»r, sir, go an' ask any of them men leaning over that there rail if they can match this." "Ton my honour, it's extraordinary !" said the youug man. " But arter all," continued Perkins after a short silence, " that there job is a mere moskeetee- bite 'longfeicle what happened, to me once in a voyage round the world an' back agin. We was an old-fashione I ship and carried what was called siiigle taws'ls." " Oh indeed," exclaimed' the young gentleman. " Ay, single taws'ls. It was iu the middle watch; I was below, sleeping soundly. Xothin 1 could ever stop me from sleeping soundly I They say it is a sign of a first-rate seainan. I believe it is myself. All on a sudden I was woke up by a terrible thumping, and as usual was the first on deck. The ship was ou her beam ends an' half a gale o' wind a bio win'. Well, we let go and clewed hup and got her middiin* easy. The watch I was in was told to jump aloft and put two reefs iu the foretawsl, and then furl it. Worry well, I was in th' bunt and the sail was clewed hup. It was so black that sleep itself aiu't blacker. Ye couldn't see an inch and everything had to be done by feeliu'- I was leanin' over the yard to help haul the slack o' th' sail up when I overbalanced myself and felL I fell right forrard over the yard, but instead of striking the deck I was caught in th' bight o' th' canvas that the men was furlin', -wliich' by being- triced up by the buntlines and the likes o' them ropes; hung like a hamniocjc under the yard. 1 sung out at the top o' my woice^ but to no purpose. The wind was screeching horrible, and the men not bein' able to see had to, yell to each other, and I was a bit muffled up too down there, BO that in the general confugion my woice wasn't beard. Well, what d'ye think was the end on it? Hang me, sir, if they didn't stow hie in th' bunt of that there sail, and make as smooth a job o' me wid their bunt gaskets as if they was goin' into 'arbour; All night long the gale blowed, and all night long I laid in the heart o' that there taws'l." " How awfully beastly," exclaimed the young gentleman ; "I wonder you wern't smothered Ay, an' so I nearly was. Yet I must ha' mede shift to breathe somehow or huther I suppose. All the blessed while I was a-thinking, when it comes on fine, they'll set this here sail, and when they lets fall the bunt what's to become o' me ? I'couldn't hear nothen, and felt like being wrapped .up in my hammock ready for the Jast toss. Suddenly they loosed the sail, and away I rolled down into the bottom of th' bight o' canwas. I roared out with th' fright an' th' dazzle, foi it was broad day, an' the sun a-shining, and then, my presence o' mind coming to me, I screeched hout. * For God sake, keep fast them buntlines ontil I gits hout o' this. All hands had supposed uie over-board, and the chaps who 'ad loosed th' taws'l hearing my woice, but not being able to see me, took me to be Perkins's ghost, and ran on dcck in a terrible funk. If it had depended on them I might ha' lain in that there taws'l ontil th' end o' th' woyage. However some o' the other chaps comes aloft, an' seein' how it was, they lowers a bowlin' to me, into which I got, and was haul'd hup." "Extraordinary!" said the young gentleman. " What awfully horrid dangers a man meets with at sea." "Why even that's nothing," coutinued Perkins, " compared to one mortal experience I met with in a woyage from Califoniie to Chiney, and from Cbiney to Chili by way o' New South Wales. I 'falls from aloft, and when picked up was iu a dead swouud. They give me two days, then stitched me up iu a hammock aud brought me to th' •gangway. For some hours I know'd what they was up to, but couldn't speak. But wheu I felt mysilf put on the gratin' and felt that I couldn't be mistook in .supposin' th' skipper to be close by, wid a preer book in his hand I says to myself * Perkins,' I says, says I, ' you must make a heSbrt, or it's good night,' I says, says I. An' I did make a heffort. It felt like bustiu' hup. The skipper was. in th' middle o' th' Orlice when I made tl tat there heffort, and I rolled off th' gratin', and fell wid'a mighty flump on the dcck. I was afterwatds told the chap as had held th' gratin' let go, aud ran up th' riggin'. Others o' the crew bolted forrards, and tamed in. The consternation was werry surprisin'. Owever, the capt'n, callin' for his knife, rips opeu the hammock an' out I steps, none the worse for bavin' be'n dead, and sufferin' from nothin' more than pusperation." " By George," exclaimed the young man, " how awfully disgusting it would ha' been, you know, if you hadn't been able to move." "Ay," answered Perkins, it would. But, taking sea dangers all round, I reckon there's none worse than thirst." " Thirst must be fearful," said the young gentleman. " It is fearful," responded Perkins. " It's fearful, sir, when y'eve been in au opeu boat, as I have, for three weeks, aud haven't bad so much as a drop o' dew to cool your burniu' lips. But I'll tell ye when it's fearfuller still —when thirst is fearfullest of all sir—and that is when a mau's dry as I am now, parched, I may say, without the walue o' half-a-pint in his pocket, and with several first-class publics hard by." Ko more was said. I think the young gentleman moved off-" Perkrbs followed him. I stood up to see which way they went, and perceived Perkins with the young gentleman at his heels making a direct couise for the Three Thirsty Sailors.—Daily Telegraph 