O d d s and E n d s . Missing man — Bad marksman. People that live long — Tall people. A wet spring — A spring of water. If your face is pale from dyspepsia, diet. Large revolvers— The earth and the moon. A blind teacher would naturally have bad pupils. What is the difference between a hill and a pill ? One's hard to get up, and the other's hard to get down. A Maryland widow set a bear trap, and caught a young man. She expects this will cause a boom in bear traps. She : "No, Mr. Brown, you need not hope. l can never be more than a sister." He : "A sister ! Lend me 5 dollars." Doctor : "Did you take the rhubarb I ordered ?" Patient : "Yes sir." Doctor : "How did you take it." Patient : "In a pie." ' There is one paper, that will destroy the polish of any one it may come in contact with.' 'Bless me, my good man, what is its name?' 'Sand-paper, madam.' An Accommodating Menial.— "Why didn't you come when I rang ?" asked a lady of her coloured servant. "Becase I didn't heah de bell. ' " Hereafter, when you don't hear the bell, you come and tell me so." " Yassum." Funny, isn't it— that after a man has once given his word, he should try so hard to keep it ? — "What becomes of the old moons, pa !'' The old moons, my son ? Why, they die of newmonia, to be sure." — At the horticultural show : "This is a tobacco plant, my dear." 'Indeed ! how very interesting. But I don't see any cigars on it." A Change Required.— "How long have you been in business as a barber ?'' " Nearly 20 years, sir. I commenced when I was 14 years old. I have a son who will succeed me sooner or later." "I am glad to hear it. And when he opens business, buy him a new razor. The one you are shaving me with has been injured by its 20 years of service." During a second advent baptism, which took place in a town, which bordered upon the Connecticut River, the minis ter, after having walked in a number of yards with the person to be baptized, turned to the people on the shore, and said : "Please sing some appropriate hymn." At which an over-zealous sis ter piped up the hymn, "Pull for the Shore, Sailor." First real estate man—' How is busi ness with you ?' Second ditto— 'Poor. I tried to work a couple of Boston men into buy ing that hole in the ground for a gas well, but it wouldn't work.' ' What was the trouble ?' ' Well, you see, we had the thing on fire, and was just ready to sign the papers, when the gasoline in the tank played out. I am going to get a larger tank, and will make it go next time.' WHY EMILY HOWLED. An aged widower got married recent ly, for the fourth time, notwithstanding that he had a house full of grown up children. While the marriage ceremony was being performed, audible weeping could be heard in the back room. One of the guests, who had heard the sobs, asked one of the children who it was. "That's Emily," was the reply. "She always howls, when papa gets married again." OUTWITTED BY A BOY. The following incident, is related as a redoubtable fact. In Ireland, potatoes go by a variety of names. When the writer was a boy, over twenty summers ago, the name "Protestants" was given to potatoes with a bluish rind, being oblong in shape. A lad named Johnny Downing, carried a kish full of them on his back one day. Kish is an arrange ment made of wicker work, almost square in form, and used generally, to carry turf or potatoes. Johnny, while carrying his load, happened to meet a Protestant minister. It was among the mountains of the South of Ireland. "Say, young lad, what's that you got on your back ?" asked the minister. " Potatoes, yer reverence," responded Johnny. "What kind of potatoes are they, that you have there ?" continued the minister. " Protestants, yer reverence." " And are you a Protestant, Johnny ?" " No sir, I'm a Catholic." " Then tis a great wonder, that you would carry 'Protestants' on your back." " Nothing wonderful at all about it, sir, because you see, we like to return good for evil, and you know when I go home, my mother will boil these Protestants that I've got on my back, and take the harm out of them." "The minister indulged in a very hearty laugh, and like the liberal gentlemen he was, he generously threw Johnny a crown piece, British money ; whereupon the latter burst out in an exclamation : "Oh, sir, may the mother of God pray to the Divine Son, to convert you, and may you one day, get a crown of Glory in Heaven for that crown piece you gev me." The minister thanked the boy for his prayer, and did some thinking as he walked pensively along the road, mus ing on the intimate connection there necessarily must be, between a mother and a son, especially such a mother and such a Son. Hard to beat — A hard-boiled egg. When the tailor gets rich, it is by shear industry. The oldest verse in existence — The universe. The first duty on T— Don't forget to cross it. The best way to kill a falsehood, is to let it lie. Men who must drop the line somewhere— Surveyors. No use before broke— A horse. No use after broke — A man. Ought to be willing to sit down— A merchant of forty years standing. Why is the word "Yes," like a mountain ? Because it's an ascent. The thermometer must register, even though it does not vote. If a horse could only speak, what a tale of whoa he could tell. Why is a chicken like a farmer ? Because both delight in a full crop. " My first purchase is my last," said a cobbler, who was starting in business. Dangle ; What was left in your uncle's will ? Nephew ruefully : I was. Definition of a secret — Something for one, enough for two, nothing for three. A liberal education is one that has cost the boy's father a good deal of money. Young physicians are often angry. At least, they are sometimes found out of patients. Why do "birds in their little nest" agree ? They would fall out if they did not agree. Wages in China are two cents a day. No wonder Chinamen can't afford to get their hair out. BAIL.— A fine to enable rich rascals to escape proper punishment for their crimes. The trouble with a great many editors, is that they don't think one-half as much as they write. If you have a scolding wife, trust to time ; old age may bring you the bless ing of deafness. A woman may refuse to tell her age, but she cannot conceal her rage. That speaks for itself. There are few things in life more touching, than the umbrella of an average citizen in an art gallery. A woman's rights lady remarks, that the highest use of a man is to have his life insured for his wife's benefit. The stranger stalked stiffly out, and as he related his adventure on the corner, he was asked if that was really his object. Why should beggars be made honor ary members of the legal profession ? Because they are such good solicitors. The Whitehall Times says, that the mouth is the window of the intellect. The toothache must be a sort of window pane. The editor, who saw a lady making for the only seat in the car, found himself 'crowded out to make room for more interesting matter.' A grocer over in Bloomington, is supposed to be the honestest man in the world. He chases the flies off the beam of his scales, before he allows them to balance. " It is love that makes the world go round," we are informed by the poets. It is a somewhat notable fact, that a very limited quantity of poor whiskey will produce the same effect. Old Lady — 'Conductor, there ain't going to be a collision, I hope.' Con ductor—'I think not.' Old Lady — 'I want you to be very keerful ; I've got two dozen eggs in this basket.' He : I see that old Mr. Bently was buried yesterday. Wife (shocked) : Why, is old Mr. Bently dead ? He (who has just been "sat upon") : The paper doesn't say whether he is dead or not ; simply that he was buried yester day. " Get yourself full of your subject," said the professor. "Saturate yourself with it, and then your essay will write itself." "Yes, I know, professor," said Miss Coldspring, the graduate, " but my essay is on Rum, the Cause of It." A boy may groan, and from sickness moan, from the church or the school to stay ; but there's no pain so deep from circus can keep, because he ain't built that way. I see a buttonless shirt advertised here, John,' said a wife looking up from the paper. 'What kind of shirt is that ?' 'Just like mine,' was the reply. And the wife resumed her reading. 'Oh, no,' he replied ; 'I was going to ask him for credit until Saturday night, and that is the new way of choking a man off. He tried to spare my feelings, and secure himself at the same time. It's a new kink among grocers, and I guess I'll have to pay cash.' Customer (to rubber overshoe dealer) — 'I want to get a pair of rubbers.' Dealer — ' Yes, sir; same as you bought yesterday, I s'pose ?' Customer — 'Oh, yes ; those gave excellent satisfaction. It was nearly 12 o'clock last night, before they gave out.' Magistrate to prisoner — 'You say, Uncle Rastus, that you took the hare because you are out of work, and your family are starving. And yet I under stand that you have four dogs about the house.' Uncle Rastus— ' Yes, sab, but I wouldn't ask my family to eat dogs, ye' honor.' There is one defect, or rather an inconsistency, in the play of Hamlet, unmentioned by any critic, and that is in Hamlet speaking of "The undiscovered country, from whose bourne no traveller, returns, and yet the whole play is made to move upon the facts, that he had interviews with his father's ghost, who had, of course, come back from the undiscovered country. An old philosopher sat in his library. A beautiful maiden entered the room. "Great man," she said, "I have come to ask your advice. Two men have made me an offer of marriage." "Ah, and you do not know which one to accept," the philosopher replied. " You understand the situation. One of the men is handsome, rich, and is a literary genius." "And the other one ?" " He is ugly, poor, and regarded as a fool." "My child," said the philosopher, "marry the fool, for should you marry the genius, you would occupy the place of fool." A NEW "CHOKE OFF." 'I came here to ask you,' he began, as he entered a grocery, 'I came here to — ' No, Sir !' was the prompt reply. ' I came in here to-------- ' ' Well, you can go right out again !' ' Sir ! I'm no beggar !' exclaimed the stranger. ' I know it,' replied the grocer. ' You came in to ask if I had a City Directory. I haven't got one. I never had one. I was trying to save your valuable time. BUT HE GOT THERE. A City Hall official, was standing on the Woodward avenue steps of that structure yesterday, when a man who had his hand on his stomach, came up and said : " Beg pardon, but you have the look of a physician— an eminent physician." " Oh, I'm no doctor," was the reply. " Sorry for that, but perhaps you can give me some information. What are the symptoms of poisoning ?" " Have you been poisoned ?" "Well, I have queer feelings in my stomach." "Is it a burning sensation ?" "No." " Do you have spasmodic pains ?" " Not yet." " Feel shivery, with great thirst and heat ?" "Nothing like that. I feel complete goneness in my stomach, and every time I think of ham and eggs, my mouth waters." " Why, it may be hunger." "I shouldn't a bit wonder if it was, seeing I haven't eaten anything for thirty six hours." The official uttered a "Humph !" looked the man over three or four times, and then handed him twenty cents and said : " Better get some new scheme. It takes too long to come to the point in this." COAL-DEALER — " Where's John ?" Driver---" Stayed up to Mr. Brown's." Corn dealer — " Why on earth did he do that ? Doesn't he know we're short-handed ?" Driver — "I suppose he does, sir; but he said he was weighed in with his load, and he had an idea he belonged to Mr. Brown." EVERYTHING FURNISHED. Agent (with mouse trap) — Good morning, madam. Allow me to show you our patent, non- corrosive, copper riveted mouse traps, warranted to---- Lady--- I'm very sorry, sir, but we haven't a mouse about the premises. Agent — Yes, but our firm offers to furnish a dozen mice with each trap, as a special inducement. We guarantee satisfaction, madam. HE WAS, BUT IS NOT. He was the greatest warrior That ever flourished sword ; He was the greatest preacher That ever preached the Word ; He was the swiftest runner That ever won a race ; He was the keenest lawyer That ever pleaded case ; He was the strongest wrestler That ever took a lock ; He was the greatest boxer That ever dealt a knock ; He was the greatest fencer That ever swung a foil ; He was the greatest farmer That ever turned the soil All these he was, but now is not Because, to my surprise, He's a convert to veracity, And abandoned all his lies. MONODY OF A PEN. I'm but a worn-out fountain pen, my useful days are o'er ; so badly battered up am I, they've slung me on the floor. A writer's hand has wielded me, for more than half a year, and now that I can mark no more, I'm lying sadly here. The janitor may come, perhaps, and claim me for his own, or, with the other waste and truck, perhaps I may be thrown, and of the million in the world, not one of all the men, will ever give another thought to this old fountain pen. The man who used to write with me, before he'd start to think, would rudely twist me all apart, and chuck me full of ink, and then I'd stretch along, and tell of some bright youthful bride, who wed the only man she loved, serene and joyous eyed ; and of her dress, and of the buds that decked her flowing hair, and of the words the parson said about the 'happy pair.' And then I'd glide along the page and leave the letter bold, to tell how some one gathered a wondrous pile of gold, and all the other little things that go to make a day, and now that all my work is done, I'm calmly slung away. I've told of births, I've told of deaths, of joy and dark despair ; I've told how vagrants are run in, how dudes oil up their hair ; I've quoted Latin, French and Greek, bad English I have known, I've treated of the loud guffaw, and likewise of the groan. I've helped to kick when days were hot, as when they were too cold ; I've run in lines from chestnut poems, as when ' the knights were bold ;' I've told how, in some lonely grave, the clammy earth was flung, I've shown how some at eve have wept, how some at eve have sung. How Richard Roe got thirty days, for going on a drunk, how Paddy won a slugging match, by the way he used to thump ; how some one, smiling, took a gun, and aimed it at a friend, and in a jesting, joking way, brought one life to an end. Of how the smiling servant lit the fire with kerosene, and swopped her apron for a robe, where fires are never seen ; of how some stumbling feet went down towards the burning bars, while others clamber ed up the road, that leads toward the stars. I've told of human misery, of human grief as well, of musty flasks of ancient wine, and buckets in the well ; of gray-haired men and women old, of happy girls and boys, of groans and smiles, of prayers and thanks, of sorrows and of joys ; and now my point is worn away, I'll scribble never more, but lie alone, a broken wreck, upon the office floor ; and those who've read of all I've told, in all the ranks of men, will give but little credit, to this busted Fountain Pen. PIANO EXTRA. Housewife (to new domestic)— There is one thing I wish to say to you. The last girl had a habit of coming into the parlor and playing the piano occasion ally. You never play the piano, do you ? New domestic — Yis mum, I plays ; but I'll hev to charge yer a dollar a week, sixtry, if I'm to furnish music for the family. THOUGHT HE COULD FILL THE BILLET. " Have you the courage to do your duty in all cases ?" said a railroad superintendent, to an applicant for a conductor's place, as he looked sharply at him. " You bet I have," was the valiant reply ; " I never saw a fare yet so big, that I could not knock it down, if I got half a chance." MISSIONARIES IN BIG LUCK. " My friends," shouted a frenzied temperance orator, "Boston sent, last year to Africa, 1,000,000 gallons of rum — accursed rum — while the Baptist missionaries on that dark and benighted continent, can almost be counted on one's fingers !" " How maNy — hic — gallons o' rum ?" hic-coughed an interested listener. " One million gallons, sir." "Gra-gracious ! An' only few mis sionaries ?" " Yes friends !" "Gra-gracious ! Missionaries in — hic — big luck." 