I THE ZOOLOGICAL SOCIETY. _ Tho annual genoral meeting in connection with the New South "Wales Zoological Sooiety was hold at Aarons' Ex- change Hotel yoslorday aftornoôn. Tho chair was occupied by Mr. John Keep. There were also present Messrs. Charles Moore, Edward Skinner, C. H. Humphrey, \V. Beaumont, "W. H. Collett, and Captain Ghest. Tho minutes of tho provious annual meeting woro read and con- firmed. In roply to Mr. Skinner, the Chairman stated that tho question of opening the gardens on Sundays had boen under consideration sovoral times, but_thnt such a courso would incur a largo oxponse, and tho society was us yet not in a sufficiently satisfactory financiul condition to allow it to bo done. Ho also stated that the soeioty had a right to look to the Stato for a liboral support, and thoy lind a right to got that support. Ho roforred to tho oponing of tho Coogco and Bondi Aquariums, as ovonts which had tended by offering othor attractions to the public to docronso tho income of tho society. In referring to the disastrous tiro which took place at tho gardens, ho stated that tho insuranco companies 'noted vory liborally towards tho Socioty, On tho motion of Mr. Skinner, seconded by Captain Ghest, tho annual roport was, with tho balance-sheet, adopted. Tho roport showed that tho receipts from tho galo3, elephants, ponies, and donkeys amounted to £2197 lCs. 7d., as against receipts from tbo same sources in 1886 of £31)53 5s. 3d., showing, -unfortunately, a decrease of £855 8s. 8d., mado up as follows :-Elephants, £90 ; ponies, £72 10s. 9d. ; gatos, £692 19s. lid. This diminution was to bo accounted for by heavy rain having fallon on most of tho public holidays, and by tho fact that many counter attractions for visitors had in tho interim boon established, such as tho Manly, .Bondi, and Coogee Aquariums. Al- though tho overdraft at tho Bank of Australasia amounted at the end of tho year to £1211 9s. lid., ns shown by tho balance-shoot, yet if tho council could havo only drawn tho inonoy which had boen liberally voted by tho Parliament of Now South Wales during the last two years in aid of tho soeioty, it would havo moro than covored tho oxpondituro, but in conse- quence of a condition having neon attached to thoso votes that the soeioty must rsiso pound for pound in subscrip- tions or donations (tho gate monoy not having been looked on as fulfilling this condition) tho council had only beon able to draw a small portion of these votos, and the balance was lying idle in the Colonial Tiousury to tho credit of tho society, but could not bo di awn out, this fact, when known, might, porbaps, inducu somo woalthy Follows or moinbors of tho soeioty to como forwnrd with liboral donations to assist the soeioty out of its presont financial difficulties. Tho council, with tho viow of bringing their financial position boforo tho Govoinmont, appointed a de- putation, consisting of Messrs. Keep, Skarratt, Captain Ghest, and tho secretar}', to wait upon tho Hon, the Colonial Secretary, who received thom most courteously, on tlio 23rd of December, and promised to do oil ho could to assist tho society with, liboral annual subsidies. Tbo council wished to" record thoii thnnka lo the presont Go- vernment and Parliament tor thoir liberal special grant of £2000, which in a groat mensuro extricated thom fiom tho difficulties they had been placed in by tlio lofusal of tho lute Dibbs- Jenuings Administration to allow tho society to draw £ for £ on thoir gato inonoy, viz., £1608 13s. 2d. in 1886,; and although tho' present Pnrliamont hnd also voted tho usual annual stun of £1000 in uid of the lunds of tlio Zoological Soeioty, on tbo £ for £ condi- tion, yet as tho council could not raiso anything uko £1000 in donations and subscriptions, tlio grant became little botter than a dead letter, as tho subscriptions and donations for tho past yoar only amounted to £165 8s., and in the previous yoar to £255 2s., these small icceipts had béon principally brought about, by so many of lho niombois having compounded for thoir life-lollowship. The Government subsidy on tho subscriptions for tho post year wns not paid into tho sooiety'b uccount until tbo month of Jnnunry, hence that sum did not appear in the prrannt balnuco-shoot ; had it done so, the overdraft at tho bunk would havo boon reduced to £1H6 Is. lid. Tho numbor of visitors registered nt tho turnstiles wns 05,556 Adults, and 30,665 children, making a total of 96,221, as against 125,112 of the previous year, showing a decrease of 28,891. The council also admitted 23,114 school children of all denominations, and GOO teachers, or, in other words, 23,714 freV admissions. The numbers did not includo tho fellows ona.- their friends, so that in round numbers thero must havo beon fully 125,000 visitors to tho gardens during tho j'enr. The most notoworthy donations during tho year were a very fine collection of finches and song birds, parrakeets, doves, &, from Mr Edward Kent: a largo collection of miscellaneous plants and bulbs, fiom Mr. John Baptist, Surry Hills; nud also fino collection of plants from Messrs. Shepherd and Co., nurserymen, Surry Hills; and Mr. Samuel Purchase, nurseryman, of Parramatta. Tho council had boen twico asked by members of tho Municipal Council of Sydnoy, and by many follows of tho society, to open the gardens"on Sunday. This proposition had on many occasions boen takon into consideration, but up to the presont timo--tho council hnd not boon ablo to como to any final conclusion on tho subject. Tho council had to record, with deep regrot, tho loss thoy had sustained by tho doath of thoir lato president, Mr. Arthur Todd Holroyd, F.L.S., F.R.S., who, from tho formation of tho society in 1879 to tho day of his death, took tho greatest intorost in tho welfaro and progress of tho society, ho was also a liboral donor to tho menagerie and to tho f nnds of tho society. They had also to record tho loss thoy had sus- tained! by tho death of Mr. Samuel Marsden Frankland, who for several years sorvod as a member of tho council, and gavo tho society many valuable birds, from New Zea- land and Lord Howes Island. On tho 5th August tho Honourable Sir Henry Parkes, G.C.M.G., was unanimously elected president of the Society. Tho following office-bearers wero olectcd for the ensuing year:-Patron: His Excellency tho Right Hon. Baron Carrington, P.C., G.C.M.G., &cm; Vice. President: Tho Hon. Sir Henry Parkes, G.C.M.G. Vice-presidents: Tho Hon. Sir John Robertson, K.C.M.G. ; Messrs. George Bennett, M.D., F.L.S., F.Z.S.; Robert Lucas Tooth. Committee of management; Messrs. "William -Beaumont, George Frederick Dansey, M.R.C.S., Eng. ; James R. Hill. John Keep, Charles Moore, F.L.S., C.M.Z.S. ; C. C. Skarratt, G. F. Want, the Hon. James Inglis, and Captain Ghest. Honorary treasurer : Mr. C. C. Skarratt. Honorary secretary: Mr. Walter Bradley. Honorary prosector : George Frederick Dansey, M.R.C.S., Eng. Secretary: Mr. W. H. Catlett, F.L.S., F.Z.S., F.R.G.S., F.R. Hist. S. Superintendent : Mr. W. J. Powell. Tho mooting terminated with a voto of thanks to tho officors for thoir past services, and also to tho ohairmuu for presiding over the mooting. A meeting of tho ladies of tho Parramatta Branch of tho Queen's Fund wns held on Mouday, at tho Town Ilnll, Parramatta, to arrnngo for that town to bo roprosentcd ut tho coming Exhibition of "Women's Industries. Thero wero presout-Mrs. M'Millan (presidont), Mrs. Gunthor, Mrs. Pringlo, Mrs. Brown, Mrs. -Baillio, Mrs. Henry Byrnes, Mrs. G. Wickham, Miss Hassall (treasurer), Miss Byrnes, Miss Wickham, and Miss Pringlo. Tho eight ladies oach took a department, inviting tho other ladies pre- sont to assist them. Thoy decided to adopt the namo of "secretary," so as not to confuse with tho namo of "dolo gato." 'i'hoy aro very hopoful of making" their section in- teresting and successful. Mrs. M'Millan will act as delo gate for that district. Tho monthly meeting of the Woman's Branch of tho Society for Provontion of Cruelty to Animals was hold at tho Town Hall, on Wednesday, under the presidency of Mrs. Harris. There were also nresent Mesdames Shannon, Whitton, Goodlot, Mann, Wdkînson, Simpson, Riloy, Miss Allwood, Miss Lewy, and tho hon. secrotury (Mr. J. Sidney.) After tho ordinary roufino business, tho hon. secretary brought under notice of tho committoo tho desir- ableness of again offering prizes for essay writing, opon to competition among tho scholars at tho public and private schools. A draft circular was submitted and approved, to bo forwarded to tho head teachers, asking their kind co-operation in carrying out tho objects of tho committeo. Mrs. Harris and Miss Levvy kindlyconsontedtogivo special prizes in addition to what tho society offorod. Roports woro read from tho following Indies of tho progress thd Band of Mercy movoment wns making in their respectivo districts : Mrs. Ellis, of Nowcastlo, reported formation of bund at Cook's Hill Public School, the Great Northorn Fifo and Drum Band, and tho Nowcomon Band of Mercy ; Mrs. Mann reported a band in course of formation at Greenwich; and Miss Levvy reported two bnnds, ono at Waverley called tho Alexandria, and one at tho Mission Hall, Sussox sticet. On AVednosdayovoning a public dobato took placo between the St. Stophoñ's Young Men's Institute, of Newtown, nnd the Glube Mutual Improvomont Society, in the lattor's rooms, at the Glebe. Tho subject discussed, " That tho Tramways should bo Leased by tho Government," was affirmed by Messrs. J. M'liorn, D'Arcy Macqueen, and J. W. Abigail on behalf of tho former, and opposed by Messrs. Shaw, Burly, nnd Caldwell, representing tho local society. Thero was a very good attondanco, tho presonco of many of tho fair sex adding to tho pleasuro of tho ovoning. The speeches wero well received, and a ballot being taken resulted in favour of thee visitors by a con- siderable majority. 