ALBERT-STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH. The ceremony of laying the foundation stones of the new Wesleyan Church in course of erection for the Albert-street congregation, at the corner of Albert and Ann streets, was performed on Saturday afternoon by prominent members of the congregation. At 3 o'clock a religious service, which was well attended by those belonging to the denomination, was held in the temporary building, the Rev. H. Youngman, pastor of the church, occupying the chair. After a hymn had been sung, portions of Scripture from the Old and New Testaments were read by the Rev. W. H. Rogers, and prayer was offered up by the Rev. F. Duesbury. Another hymn was then sung, after which The Rev. J. A. Nolan delivered an address. He said that the new church would provide ample and comfortable accommodation for the congregation which would worship within its walls. It would be much larger and much more stately than the old one, but no new gospel would be needed to replace the old gospel which had been preached in Albert-Street Church since the establishment of Wesleyan Methodium in Queensland. Sometimes in this country he had seen the heart- breaking blunder committed of a beautiful church being erected on an unsuitable site, the work of the church being thereby hindered. The trustees of Albert-street Church had made no such blunder. Tho church would be very beautiful, but the site was magnificent. No church in Brisbane was in a better position for doing a great work for Christ in this city. He under- stood that in due course there would be erected on the site of the tempoarary church a lecture hall, with all the offices and ap- pliances required for carrying on a thoroughly effective evangelistic work in Brisbane, and he hoped that it needed no prophetic eye to foresee the time when the Albert-street church would be the centre of a whole network of Christian agencies—bible women and town missionaries, to penetrate into every street and lane of the city ; evangelistic services for non- church goers ; Sunday schools and branch Sunday Schools ; a ragged school and a rescue home ; a free reading-room for working people, and classes of all kinds for young men. God had given to the Wesleyan Methodist Church in Queensland a great and noble work to do for Him—to bring the people of this land to the footstool of His Son ; and of all the work of Christ that would ever be undertaken by that Church in this colony, the Albert-Street church would always be the heart and centre. The Wesleyan Methodists were not a number of isolated and independent churches. They were, and would always be, one united Church, bound each to the other by the strongest ties of Christian fellowship and mutual help. In such a sparsely-peopled country as this no Church that was not a connectional Church could do more than occupy a few of the largest centres of population, and could never undertake the glorious work of bringing Queensland to Jesus ; and it was the high privilege and dread responsibility of the Wesleyan Methodists to join hands with the other great connectional Churches in spreading the Gospel to the most distant part of this great colony. From Albert street would stretch forth every year a strong arm that would reach to the most distant circuit in Queensland to help or uplift or chasten, as the case might require. In Albert-street would ns-ißmblo tho annual district mooting that would review the xvork of tho your. It ivas^ not for him to say how long it would ho till lhere was a Queensland conference, but all wero turrood that sonner or later thoro must ha a Queensland coiiforenco, nnd xvhen thero ivas suoh a mooting thou to Albert-stroot xvould oome from yoar to your tho representative ministers and lay'mon from ox-ory circuit throughout tho colony, and from it yvotild go forth tho fiat Unit would fix tho station . of every minister anil resrulato tho progress of every circuit iu every part of Quceimland. Albert-street Omrah bolongod not merely to tho trasteos whoso mimes xvero on the trust dood. It belonged to tho xx- holo AVesleyan Church in Queensland. Novel beforo had so many and such splondid oppor- tunities been prosontcd to Chi Mian enterprise UR at tho present time ; but they had neither the mon nor tho money to enter all tho open doors that worn ovorywhero inviting thom to enter. Mi'iht God grant that tho building of tho now Albert-btroot Church would strongly mark a now era iu tho history of Wcsloyaii Mothodism hi Quconihiiid. The Rev. Mr. Youngman said they were that day making tho formal commencement of what wan to bo the central home of Methodism in this great and growing colony. He was heartily glad that it had been found possible to devote the whole of tho magnificent site which had been acquired hy tho trustees to church buildings, for they could hardly speak in too high terms of a position such ns liiat for tho yyoik xvhich lyas Loforo thom, nnd however convenient it might bo found iu other cities to crowd ehurc-hei over and above with xvavo liouscs, he was pleased to think that hero they would havo ono which would bo consecrated to thought and to God. Ho trusted, and they might xvcll believe that tho b-iildinsrs nbout to ba crobtcd would be, xvhen completed in tho years to como, yvith their environments, a beauty spot in Brisbane. Thora wero thoso ho knew who looked with a little fear on the erection of stately and nrnnto church building ; xvho wero afraid that' tho religion taught there might suffer from tho surroundings, "ilii fear did not go in Ulai direction nt all. His only foar in connection with 11 building of that sort was Jest it should tit all foster that tm-iblo spirit of class distinction, which xvas workmsf such havoc in iho societies of this modern y^orltl. As hoon as a spirit liko that crept into a Church its doom was sealed. Humanity must always bo represented in tho Chuall ; humanity must always bo appealed to. The ministry of tho Church must always wiegest the JJ: i vilegrs and responsibility that bolong to mau, ;is mun, wliothcr ho'mi'/ht wear (lie working matiV tweed or tho bro.ideloth of the nristocrnt. If at tiny timo tho building fchottid liooiimo si-nply Iho homo of any one clat-s of society, then it yyouhl fail to bo Uiô (ix - boui-oof God and tho preai-hin-r phi1» of Goa's own gospel. Tho success of their Church must entirely depend on tho character of the ministry that xvas to bo found yvitbin it. As regarded tbo system of truth to bo found yy-itliin thonow church, they wera quito assured on that point. They claimed in connection with that jrreat cnUrprisj that they wero doing; somo thinjr towards lir-lping forward tho Churches iu this colony, and the other colonies that were helping to bring the world to Christ. It was to be the House of God, not only because it was to be the central home of Queensland Metho- dism and the worshiping house of a congre- gation, but because it was to to be a place where men would meet with Him who would speak to their conscience* aud hoait«, where thev xvould lcurii their duty tm-1 îe-poud to tl.o claims and 1 tho voice of duty-, and xvould leam the liri vi- ' leges of God's childien. rvAcctnfd by his own '< Son, and to which i-scldencd, roirowful, and ' perplexed hearts would go for Mrengtli and j uimiurt. . The Hon. J. S. TURNER, M.L.C., said that some thirty-five or thirty-six years ago, when Brisbane was a small and comparatively unim- portant place, it fell to his lot.to take an active part in the erection of the building which had since been so well known as the old Albert street Wesleyan Church, mid which, in con sequence of the growth of the city, had recently been pulled down in order to make room for buildings of a commercial character. Viewed in the light of modern times, the old church was plain and unattractivc, but such as it was it represented a gigantic effort on the part of tho handful of people who provided for its erection, and for many years it involved a con- stant struggle to prevent the trust from being overwhelmed by debt, He had throughout felt a deep satisfaction in the fact that circum- stances had placed him in the position of being enabled, both by his means and by his influence, materially to help in the erection and main- tenance of the old church ; and now, when Brisbane had so wonderfully expanded and bade fair to become one of the largest and most important cities in the Southern world, he was thankful that he was permitted to take part in tho erection of tho new church, whose foundation stones were about to be laid. The Wesleyan denomination in that place had, he thought, strong cause for congratulation in the fact that circumstances had placed it in their power, without a tithe of the difficulty which attended the earlier effort, to erect a large and commodious church, in every way suitable for thoir worship, and calculated to stand socond to nono of the chumbes of tlio colony in point of architectural beauty. Proceeding to make a statement of the finances in connection with the new church, tho hon. gentleman said that, after paying all expenses, there remained of the £25,500 obtained for theold church property £11,000 to be expended on the new church. The contract for the church alone had been taken at £10,000, but in addition there were many necessary items to be provided for, such as architect's remuneration, cost of seats, enclosing, levelling, and ornamenting the grounds, &c;, which would probably not amount to less than £2000, and if there was added £500 for a now organ, the total expendi- ture would bo brought up to £12,500, thus leaving a deficiency of £1500, to meet which special subscriptions were invited. He was anxious that, they should, if possible, erect the new church free of debt, for the trustees fore- saw that as Brisbane grew in commercial im- portance, it would to a great extent cease to be a place of residence, and that families whose circumstances and vocation would permit of their doing so, would find their homes in the suburbs, and naturally worship at churches in their own neighbourhood, the result probably boing that Albert- street Church would cease to have a large settled congrega- tion, upon whom reliance could be placed to met any financial emergency that might arise. He hoped that those who could afford to do so would contribute liberally toward« the raising of tho £1500, mid stated that it was ki» inten- tion to give one-sixth of the entire sum— namely £250, or £50 a year for the five years j over whioh tbo promises to pay extended. The hymn beginning "Tliem* «tunea to Theo in faith wo lay" was sung to tho tune of "Angel's Song," and tho .Rev. Mr. YOUÏO MA.V pronounced the bi- iiodicti'.n. The congregation then adjourned to the site of the new church, where, under the superin tendence of Mr. J. Pearson, the five stones were formally laid by Mr. L. M. Turner (on behalf of his father, the Hon. J. S. Turner), the Hon. F. T. Brentnall, M.L.C., the Hon. A. Rtut ledge, M.L.A., Mr. R. Edwards, J..P., and Mr. C. M. Foster, J. P. In the hollow of the first stone laid, that by Mr. Turner, a bottle con- taining a copy of the Courier and Telegraph of the 18th instant, the Weekly Advocate of the 11th instant, and a document embodying a pro- gramme of the day's proceedings were de- posited. Before calling upon those who were to lay the stones to perform the formal cere- mony, the Rev. Mr. Youngman pre- sented each with a silver trowel and a mallet mounted in silver as a memento of the interesting occasion and in recognition of their valuable services in connection with the Albert-street congregation. No speeches were made, tho gentlemen named, after applying the spirit level to the stones, simply declaring them to " be well and truly laid, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." The ceremony was witnessed by the following among other gentlemen:—The Revs. J. C. Hogg, W. Hogg, and T. Warham, Inspector Lewis, Messrs. S. W. Brooks, J. F. Horsley, C. H. F. Yeo, C. H. Gardner, W. Evans, J. S. Bennett, W. Steele, J. J. Kings- bury, J. Lord, R. A. Jordan, and G. H. M. Addison. It was stated that subscriptions to tho amount of £1173 had boen promised towards tho raising ol' tho £1.*>00, and a collection taken in aid of the Building Fund boforo tho company disporecd brought up the amount to about £1200. Tho proceedings olosed with tho doxology and benediction, Tho following particulars regarding the building aro additional to those whioh woro published when tho oontraot was accoptod : Tho ohurch is in tho decorative Gothic stylo of aroliileetiire, and is an entirely now departure for Australia, inasmuch as an attempt has boen mado lo harmonise tbo stylo with tho remiiro inonts of a tropical climate. This has already beoa donoin n. liomiiuosqiio church-namely, tho CoufrrogaHonal Chinch, Collins-Btrect,'Mel- bourne, but, so far as is known, thora is no Gothic church in the colonies differing from the aoooptod English plan, The ohiof features of tho oxtorior uro tho opon portico in front, with massivo mid elaborately moulded piers and arches, aud the little less ornamental cloister, forming a promenade nU round tho ohurch. Tho hido porches uro highly orna- mental, and tho tympanum of tho arches is filled in witii elaborate traoery. Internally tho chief feat uros are tlio sorios of arched _ ties to tho principals, tlio arches poparathig tho nave from tho aisles, and the elaboratoly-pannclled ceiling. Tho wholo offoot will bo heightened by tho cathedral glass of the windows, which will soften the light and givo a rich tono to lho gonoral decoration. Vestries and a largo meoting room aro provided at tlio back of tho building. Tho choir will be located in an octagonal gallery behind the pulpit; and a gallery at the outrance end, approimhoilby twowido staircases, w ill give accommodation to the school children. Wlinu tho pi osent contract with Messrs. J. Pearson and Sons, which is for £10,000 to completo tbo main structure of tho building, is completed, further contracts will ha entered into for providing fittings, &o.;, and for fencing off the ground and electing a retainiiig-wiill in harmony with tho church. Tho finished Direct of this was shown in a photo from a drawing by Mr. Addison, a copy of which was printed on tlio back ot tho programmes of Saturday'», proccedine«. Tho architects aro Mossrs. Oakden, Addison, and Kemp, of Bris- bane, Melbourne, and Perth. John Jumes Cat then«, i-torckeepcr, of Cairns, has filed a petition for the liquidation of his estate by arrangement or composition with his crediton!. The total liabilities amount to £1700, nnd ne.-oiding to the statement of affairs filed the principal creditors aro llonjamiu Bros,, £¿11, and A. S. Leslie, £ö2S. Tho general meeting of creditors will bo held on 3rd September. A reniai kubla experiment in signalling with electriolights was recently made by tho tifliccrs of two vessels of tho British navy, tho Orion and Kspoir, off tho poit of Singapore. Tho Ksptiir bud sailed from that poit for Kong iriag, leaving the Orion in tho harbour of Singapore. Wien the ".p jir wai. sixty miles distant tlio Orion scut her ii messago by means of the electric licht. Hut can a light bo seen sixty miks at fear" CVrtainly not, its direct ravi.; but the Orion threw brilliant bla/o of liirht upon the clouds, and tho rcllcctiou of this light was distinctly wcii on board the Espoir. Moro than this, the Orion, having thrown upon tho clouds a. ' re ¡.'ular men-ngo by means of successful flashes., ! this message was read and understood on boar.1 i tho l'-poit*. lho question has been asked i whether this means of communication might. ¡ ' not be made of practical advantage. It would , depend, it ia due, upon the condition of tho I atmoi-pliere, and upon cloudlet* nights lhere ¡ would bo nothing to reflect from, but it seen-.-, I ' entirely practicable toi make the* light of the | ! mo>t important lighthouses v'¡(¡b!o much , I faither at t-ea on chinty night« by providing ! them with an apparatus i-nabïing thom to ' throw a tscries of reflections upon the clouds. ' 