SPORTINQ WOTE8. lie Robe Turf Club annual meeting ] still be bald ohFebrnary 28 and 29. * Wednesday, Febroary 1, is the date fixed'for holding the Millicent meeting. Mr. Clibborribeld a' sale of racehorses in Sydney on Tuesday, but the majority of valoableammals were •withdrawn. - Allan dale wbb sold to Mr. S. Fielder for 230 guineas, Sir Garnet to Mr. Johns for 45 guineas, Ibritnleiit to Mr. ' Cosgrove for 32 guineas, Mary "Anderson to Mr.' J. K. Jone8 for fiO^guiheas, and The S tar to Mr. Steensen for 30 guineas. : By the' maJ' )rteamer I lealrii that at the j Calcutta Sky faces the Anstralian gelding Caiilfield" won the Sydney Stakes. He j cafriedlOst 71b, and beat th e .." English ; horse Padlockt lOst 31b), Briekmau, ■ The Ghost- aridjoth'er Australians. : Caulfield Is, I presume, the "Victorian-bred horse j whoVonOebelohged to Mr. E. Weeks. If" | sOj heis by'Newminster from Relief, and ] as a three year old .he Won a Maiden Plate^t"MooneeVal!ey. Kate CoVentry, whbmust be a pretty aged mare, retains j some of her form, for she won the Kidder- : pare Purse. The Grand Annual Hurdle ] Race and "the'Woodland Cup were won by ; Res'crife-and Saxon respectively.';, . 'That -SfelSon has" riot lost his forin he clearly ^demonstrated at 1 the Auckland j mperihg,-where: he carried 9bc 121b, and won the 'Andclahd' Cup. To Clogs, who] was sefcopd] he-wiu conceding Sst 41b and j to Sextant];-, who was tbird, 2st; so that ] the'perffinance w4s: a meritorious one, andguifce "up* td his old- standard. "English''turf statistics Bhow that the greatest winnerip stakes during the past ] season was Mr." Abington!with £20,124.1 Theh folliaw 'Mr. D. Baird, £16,619 ; Mr. j Minion]^£16,116 V Duke of Beaufort, ] ^V'Vyiier, £15,358 Lordj C^thoi^,*£l3j327v;(^neralO.'Wiltiaina,"] £lC^3^;; ^d ^r F; johhsfotiB; £11,173. Among jockeys; Charles Wood, after fill "ing Seictind-'^ace to the late Fred Archer •for ^Se^ein yeaiw, takes first honors with iSl^^iB^HnfiQnts.' .Next tio bim Is; J^/Wb^' wifh 'liO wins ; then €x. Barratt witli JOOY S. Loates,- 81V F. Birratt, 72; and W* B5;h%ri4ton,"6 wins. ' -j " The total number of entries for the ■ Newmarket" Handicap is 99, or nine less tbaulastyear; whilsttbe47 in the Aus tralian Cop shvns a falling off of, one only. When doctors differ wbp shall decide 1 Mr. Marson, who. attended thp ' imported horse Charles 1. before he died," declared that he was suffering from' congestion, of 'the brain, but Mr. Allan, who made the post-mortem examination, tells me {Augnr} that thekdfse died -from congestion of the] lungSj and that he mast hare been sniffer- j ing from otkerinternal.disorders for. some | considerable tune," as his liver and other j portions of his body were almost rotten. ' "Robin Hood" the English sporting] writer of tbe Australasian, writing under date Npvember 25, saysOn last Satnr- i day night I went to the Agricultural- hall ] fo seethe finish'of the six days' race be tween 'the cowboys on horses and the bicyclists. The Scene whs a very e-roiH"g one, and, as it was known.thefinish would be close; tbere were at least 20,000 people present. The huge hall was, in fact, packed wherever there was a chance to get aview. The conditions of the contest I-*thinV: Imentioned in my last, but at any "rate I will repeat them here. The race was a forty-eight hours' one—six days of .eight houra=—viz., from 2 o'clock to 16.o'clock p.m. each day. The horse men . to have as many horses as they pleased, and' to change their mounts at pleasure, two horsemen and two bicyclists to take part in the contest, but only one of each Side to be on the track at one time. The bicyclist track was, of course, kept separate from the horse, the former ] being nicely boarded with good joined ; planking, and the horse track well covered with tan arid peat". The cyclists chosen were, perhaps, the" two best that could.be found' viz.) S. ..Howell, who is, I fancy, the champion 20-mile man ; and W. M. Woodside, the well-kno wn American rider] who holds somewhere near the long-dis- j tance re66rd.v The two cowjhoys who re- i presented Jhe .horsemen part of the show ; were a coupleof cracks late of Buffalo Bill's H^ild;, -WeBtShow, named respec- ! tively Broncho Charley and Marve j Beardsley.;. and their wonderfully rapid ] mounting and dismounting undoubtedly won them .the match. .Of course, as a horse tired another was on the track ready ] saddled and bridled, and loud shouts of < applause greejted each of the Texas meu as they set their horses going long before they were mounted, and, fanning along-] side ?nth ahold of the mane, threw their leg. over. The contest, as I have said, was'very close throughout, and J do not think as much as a mile separated the combatants daring the whole of the first fivedays. On starling work for the last' day the cowboys were about 650 yards in < front, the score being—hones, 708 miles | 250 yard 8; cycles, 707 miles 1,320 yards. The horsemen at once dashed ahead, and although Woodside, wheu on the track, managed to hold his own, Howell lost any slight advantage gained, and so it came abont that three hours from the finish the horses were a mile and a quarter ahead: Hie two wheelmen tried all they knew to xeduce the gap, but the reverse was the result. The horsemen had kept some half a dozen of their best animals for the last two hours work, and were rolling it off at the rate of 18 miles an hour. This beat the cyclists, although loudly cheered and encouraged by some thousands of bicy clists present, whilst the horsemen were the favorites with the general public, and a tremendous shout went up when time was called, and the horsemen had won by a little over two miles. " Scores as follow : j Horses—Broncho Charley, 407 miles Marve Beardsley, 407 miles 1004 yards ; total, 814 miles 1004 yards. Cyclists—i Howell, 389 miles 1,540 yards ; Wood side, 422 miles 880 yards'; total, 812 miles 660 yards. It will be noticed that if Howell had done as well as Woodside, the " machines" would have beaten the flesh and blood easily. The following is clipped from the Sportsman:—A kindly tribute to the memory of the ill-fated jockey -Alec. Bobinso'n, was paid in a practical manner by the Hon.. W. Pearson during the pro gress of the:sale of Kilmany Park stock at Kirk's Bazaar yesterday. The deceased has left behind a wife and a widowed mother, who. resides at Geelong. A bay filly by Venom—Renown (full sister to Boolka) hot realising a suitable offer, Mr." Pearson bid fifty guineas for the animal on behslf of Alec.V mother. If any one ; liked to give that figure, or ever, for the filly the money would be given to the j sorrow-stricken woman. Mr. Campbell, junior, who was the auctioneer,-dwelt i npon the generosity 'of Mr. Pearson, and [ hoped that other racing men with " big hearte" wotild follow the example so worthily set-. John Roberts, champion, and PesiU recently played a novel billiard match in 1 -London.; The game was 32,600 np, level, Roberts " spot barred;" and Peall allowed ■ to make as. mahy-; ~as .50 consecutive "spots.". Peril Jeventually won, after a grand finish, by 43 points. Roberts was in great form, and made one marvellous break of 220, losing the white when he i had scored bnt 30 odd, and then making : no less than'64 cdnsecntive losing hazards. | The handicap, hoWevter,. was'- jnst too heavy for him, and he was beaten by the narrow margin I'have mentioned. At a Bmall meeting at Rihgarooma, in Tasmania, the brothers Krushka won all! «ix races.: They were firet, second and;] third in two races and first andfsecond in two-others. - ; Mr. G. -Stead, the owner of Maxim and Lochiel, is reported tb have bought Sex tant and Gipsy King from Mr. D. O-Brieh for 2,4O0guineas. A number of brood mares from the Stud,., of the late -Mr. A.Churnside were brougji^ to the haihmerdn Melbourne a few days..j ago, butthey realised very small prices. ■ Master Jack has changed hands and is ! now located in Tally's stable. ■The "jcomingscnlliog-champion" is said to be C. Carr, of Newcastie-on-Tyne, who who defeated W. Given, of Blyth-on-Tyne, in the last week of November, by a.dozen lengths. Carr was also matched .to, row • W. G. East on the Tyne last Saturday. The half-mile record was broken by Mr. F. J. K.. Cross, New College, Oxford," president of tbe Oxford University. Ath letic Glnb. at the-Queen's College races, in November. Starting from scratch in a; field of 10, he led at the 100 "yardi post, and beat Mr. A. G- Le Maitre;(12 yards) j by 8 yards j in T ihfn. 56 4^5ths sees. ■ Another time keeper madeit two-fifths of ■ a second faster. Mr. Cross's previous j record was 1 min. 57 sera. ' , The New Zealand Stul Company held j their annual sale - of yearling stock -on Wednesday last at SylTta-park. Every lot offered was sold, the .total sum realised:: being 4,316 guineas. The highest priced ones were a filly; by Musket—Locket-,! 650 guineas; colt, by Musket—Nelly Moore,-625 guineas ; colt, by Robinson Crusoe—Pateh, 360 guineas; -and a filly j by Musket—Rosette,- 350iguibpas. \- A batch oftiie Hbh.W. Pearson's -Kil- - many-park thbfobghbredB'wa^submitted | to auction' in Melbourne-da Tuesday, but small prices rnled.;"■ The'bniy 'anunal rthat exceeded the *1cehtury" 'W^ the :,eolt | Opal, by WblRngton^Tke Gem, which realised 120 guineas. The English papers apaounce the death of the "brood ibafe Silverhiir,Hn her 30th year. She was by Kingston from Eng land's Beauty, and'the best of her siock j was Silvio, the winner of the Derby and St. fLeger. Silverhair was bred by the ] late Mr. Blenkinson, and in 1882, oh the break-up of Lord Falmouth's - stud, the I old mare, along with Queen Bertha, was " pensioned off* to at Mere Worth, in Kent.' The Hon. J. White was the largest win ner at the Sydney Tatteraall's meeting, his share amounting to £1,569. Mr. W. Cooper was second on the list with £490. i Martin O'Brien, brother of the well known iider, was seriously injured by being thrown from a horae at Canlfield on Wednesday. A match has been arranged between] Hanlan and Neilson. to be rowed on the ] Clarence river on 25th February, Neilson to receive a handicap. The race is for j £200 aside. 