Odds and Ends Why is a mirror like a thinker? be cause it is a reflector. Can a blind man be held for a bill, which he accepted payable at sight. It is sad to see family relics sold at auctions, but the most painful thing under the hammer, is generally the thumb nail. A man may not go crazy, by blowing into the muzzle of his gun, but the chances are, that he will lose his head by it. Can a woman keep a secret? Yes; who ever heard a woman say, that her new black silk dress was partially made up of the old one. A magazine writer asks : " Should fortunes be limited?" The trouble with most people's fortunes, is that they are limited — very limited. Judge—" Madam, what is your age ?" She — " Your honor, I leave that to the mercy of the court." An Omaha paper alluded to a number of prominent and influential members of the city as "old timers," but the printers put "old terriers," and the editor had to apologize. A witty lady says: "If you want to find out a man's real disposition, take him when he's wet and hungry. If he's amiable then, dry him and fill him up, and you have an angel." "What are the last teeth that come?" asked a Lynn teacher of her class in physiology. "False teeth, mum!" replied a boy, who had just waked up on the back seat. Reproving a youth for the exercise of his fists, a schoolmaster said, "We fight with our heads here." The youth re- flected for a brief while, and remarked that butting had not been considered fair, at his last school. Guest (to hotel clerk)— 'I've met that gentleman, who just went out, before somewhere. His face is very familiar, but to save my life I can't remember his name.' Clerk — His name is Smith ; he is one of the officials at Darlinghurst Gaol. Your bill is 15s., sir.' A London editor writes: 'The un- employment of tens of thousands of females, in business pursuits will, in time, ruin us as a business nation.' Then he went home, threw himself on a lounge and smoked a cigar, while his wife spaded up ten square yards of flower garden. There is one defect, or rather an inconsistency, in the sublime play of Hamlet, unmentioned by any critic, and that is in Hamlet speaking of 'The undiscovered country, from whose bourne no traveller returns,' and yet the whole play is made to move upon the fact, that he had interviews with his father's ghost who had, of course, come back from the undiscovered country. DIDN'T KNOW ADAM. As Artemus Ward was once travelling in the cars, dreading to be bored, and feeling miserable, a man approached him, sat down and said:— "Did you hear the last thing on Horace Greeley ?" "Greeley ? Greeley ?" said Artemus, "Horace Greeley ? Who is he ?" The man was quiet about five minutes. Pretty soon he said:— "George Francis Train is kicking up a good deal of a row over in Eng- land : do you think they will put him in a bastile ?" "Train ? Train ? George Francis Train ?" said Artemus, solemnly. " I never heard of him" This ignorance kept the man quiet for fifteen minutes ; then he said:— "What do you think about General Grant's chances for the Presidency ? Do you think they will run him ?" "Grant ? Grant ? Hang it, man," said Artemus, "you appear to know more strangers than any man I ever saw." The man was furious; he walked up the car, but at last came back and said:— "You ignoramus, did you ever hear of Adam ?" Artemus looked up and said: "What was his other name ?" A LEGAL WIT. "I have heard," says the Washington correspondent of the Philadelphia Record , "two good stories of Pettigrew, of South Carolina, the great lawyer and Unionist. He was practising at one time, before a judge who was a Presby- terian of the straightest sect, and a very hardworking officer. It came to be Maundy-Thursday, and Pettigrew, and the Episcopalians, and Catholics, thought they would like an adjournment of court over Good Friday. Pettigrew was selected to make the motion. 'Your Honor,' he said, 'I desire to move that the court adjourn over to- morrow.' 'Why should the court adjourn over to-morrow, when the docket is so crowded ?' asked the judge. 'Because,' said Pettigrew, 'tomorrow is Good Friday, and some of us would like to go to church.' 'No,' said the Judge, decidedly, after a moment's thought, the court will sit to-morrow as usual.' 'Very well, Your Honor,' replied Pettigrew, adding, as he turned away, 'I know there is a precedent, for Pontius Pilate held court on the first Good Friday.' The same Judge was a great stickler for etiquette, and when one hot July day, Pettigrew came into the court-room in a black coat and yellow nankeen trousers, the Judge took him to task, asking him whether he did not know that the rules of that court required its counsellors to appear in black coat and trousers.' 'Well, Your Honor,' said Pettigrew, innocently, 'I submit that I am within the rule, for I have on a black coat and trousers.' 'But they're not black trousers,' insisted the Judge; 'black coat and trousers means that both shall be black.' 'Then,' said Pettigrew, 'I call Your Honor's attention to the fact that the sheriff of this court is in contempt of its rules, for they require him to attend upon its sessions in a cocked hat and sword, and while his hat seems to be cocked his sword certainly is not.' The Judge said no more about the trousers." SAVED. The other day a man was walking slowly up Miami Avenue, and en- countered a man walking hurriedly down. They ran into each other, both drew off and apologized, and the one in a hurry added : "I've been so mad all morning I couldn't see straight." "Nothing serious, I hope." "Well, my wife had some photos taken, and the artist made a botch job. I'm now on my way to punch his head." "Can I see them ?" They were exhibited, and after a careful inspection, the gentleman said: "My friend, you are way off. The work is well done, and you ought to be proud of your wife's looks" "Do you mean it ?" "Certainly. There are not ten as handsome women in Detroit." "Shoo !" "It's a fact, and the work is that of a real artist. You should be more than satisfied." "Well, I declare ! I guess I've been too hasty, and I'll drop the matter right here. Glad I didn't punch the photographer's head." "Yes, so am I," said the other to himself, as he went his way. It was the artist himself.—Detroit Free Press. BAD WEATHER FROM THE WEST. "I say, mister," he said to the bar- tender, " was the president of the whiskey trust in here ?" "A red-complected gentleman, with a blue-black crescent under one eye ?" "That's Jim." "Yes, sir; he said he was a funnel- shaped cloud from the great and grow- ing West, and when he began to storm, I must nail things down." "I suppose there was some dirty weather. Where did Jim go after the storm ?" "I heard him say something about going to the doctors' to have an ear sewed on."—Life. 