Religion aitd Philanthropy. How to LiVe liohg.. Sasltos Si Rkt. 1)e. Txuriaa ox J use 10. With, long life will I satisfy liiin.—tsalm xoL 16. Through the mistake of its friends, ftlfgidn has beexTchiefly associated witlJt; cfok;fced» and graveyards. Tho whole Bttbjeot, td -many people* is. odorous with chlorine and carbolic acid., There ato people who cannot pronounce i the word tidigioa without bearing in it the dipping chisel of tbo tombstone-cutter. It is high time that ibis, thing were oh&nged;, and that religion, instead of being represented as a hearse to carry out the dead, should be repre sented as a ohuriot in which the living are to triumph* Religion* so far ftoitt Bdb&itllng; from one's YitaUty, is a glorious addition. It is sanative, curative, hygienic. It is good for the eyes, good for the ears, good, for the spleen, good for ihb digestion, good for the herves, good for the xnusries. \Vhen. David, in another part of the Psalms, prays. that. re ligion may be dominant, he doos not speak of .it as a mild—aickhess, or an emaciation, or an sfctacVbimoral and spiritual cramp; he speaks of it m jubilan t language as 44 the s&vingliealth; of all nationswhile God, In the text, promises longevity to the pious, Baying: 44 With long life will :I satisfy nim.'* The fact is that men and women die too soon. It is high time that religion, joined the hand of medical science In attempting to improve human longevity. Adam lived.930 years Methuselah lived 900 years. As late in the history of the world as Vespasian there were at one rime in his empire 45 people 135 years old. In the loth century Peter Zsrtan died at 185 years of age. I do not say that religion, will etef take the race back to antediluvian longevity, but I do say the length of life will be increased. It is said in Isaiah: 44 The child shall die 100 years old." How if according to Scripture, the child is to be 100 years old, may not the men and women reach to:300 and 400. and 500? The fact is that we are mere dwarfs and .skele tons compared with some of the generations that are to come. Take the African race. They have been under .bondage for centuries. Give them a chance,. and they, develop a Frederick Doaglaas or.a Too&saint; l'Ouvertore. And if the white race shall be brought from under, the serfdom of sin, what shall be the body r what shall be the soul ? The religion of Jesus Christ has only just - touched: our world. Give it full power for a few centuries, and who can tell what will be the strength of man, mid the beauty of women, and the longevity of all? ; My design is to show that practical religion is I the friend of long life. L I prove itj.first, from • the fact that in the plainest terms it makes the care of our. health a positive Christian duty. Whether are. shall keep early or late boors, whether ws shall take' food digestible or indigestible, whether there shall be . thorough or incomplete > mastfnation, are questions very; often deferred- to the realm of whimsicality; but the Christian. zmantifts ; this whole problem of . health into the account able and the divine. He says:. 44 God has given'me this body,. and He has railed it the , temple of the.. Holy Ghost,, and: to.deface its alt&rsj; or mar its walls, or crumble ita pillars, is a God-defying sacrilege." He sees God's caiigraphy, the handwriting of the Eternal, in every page—anatomical andphyoologicaL. . He says: "Godhas given me. a wonderful body 1/r.noblepurposes." , : : That arm with 32 curious bones wielded, by 46 curious muscles, and all under the brain's telegraphy: 350 lbs. of blood rushing through the heat every boor, .'the heart in 24 hours beating 100,000 times, during the 24 hours overcomingresistanoes amounting to 22,400,000 lbs. weight, daring the same time the longs taking in 57 hogsheads of air, and all this mechanism not more mighty than delicate and easily d:sturbed and demolmheL The Christian man says to himself, 4iIf I hurt my nerves, if I' hurt my brain, if I hurt any of my faculties, I insult God who made me and call lor dire retribution." Why did God tell the Levi tea not to offer to Him in sacrifice animals imperfect and diseased? He meant to tell us in all the ages that we are to offer to God our. very best physic ll condition, and a man who, through irregular or gluttonous eating, ruins his health, is not offering to God such a sacrifice. Why did Paul write for his cloak at Tro&s; ? Why should such a great man as Paul he anxious about a thing so insignifi cant as an overcoat? It was because he knew that with pneumonia and rheacnaiism he would not be worth half as much in the way of service to God and the Church as with respiration easy and foot free. An intelligent Christian man would consider it an absurdity to kneel down at night and pray and ask God's protection, while at the same time he kept the windows of bis j bedroom tigbt shut against fresh air. He would just as soon thiuk of going out on the bridge between New York and Brooklyn, leaping off, and then praying to God to keep him from getting hurt. Just as long as you defer this whole subject of physical health to the realm of whimsicality or to the pastry-cook, or to the butcher, or to*the baker, or to the apothecary, or to the clothier, you are not acting like a Christian. Take care of all your forces—nervous, muscular, bone, brain, cslbilar tissue—for all you must be brought to judgement. Smoking your nervous system into fidgets, birring out the coating of your stomach with wine logwooded aud strychnined, walking with thin shoes to make your feet .look delicate, pinched at the waist until you are nigh cut in two, and neither part worth anything, jrroau iug about aiok headucbu and palpitation of the heart, which you think came from God when they came from your own folly. What ri glit has any man or woman to deface the temple of the Holy Gho&t; ? What is the ear r Why, it is the whispering gallery of the human souL What 16 the eye ? Itis'theoo , servatory God constructed, its telescope sweep tag fta~bearehs. "What iTthe handfAn tostamuntso wonderful ftat whin'the Bert'of Bc^^ter be^aeiiiied ltt -iii1, will 40,000 itHimjiSjOO0, fot treatise* to be written on •to wisdom/ power/ and gooftieas of God-Sir diaries great- Inglish anatomist and' surgeon, found his greatest illMtration in the" epMtraction^ or the human hand, devoting the whole of hie interesting book to that snbjeot. go wonderful are these bodies that God names His owj/ attributes after different Dirts of thea. His omniscience—it is God's eye.' His omnipresence-it is God's ear. His omnipo tence it -is God's arm. The upholstery of the midnight heavens—it is the work of God's ringed* ^ 'His life-giving power—it is the breath of the Almighty. < Hia dominion—** the government shell be upon His shoulder." A body so divinely honoured and so divinely con structed, andfor such holy purpose; let us bs earefnl not to abuse it. Whett it becomes a Christian daty to take cate of odr health, is not the whole tendency towards longevity ? If f toes niy Watoh about recklessly, aud drop it on the pavement, and Wind it Op at any time of day or night I happen to think of it, and often let it rnn down, while you are careful of your watch, and never abuse it, ®nd wind it up just at the saule Hodf eVefy night, and put it itt A place where it will not euffer from the violent changes oi atmosphere, which watch will last the longer ? Common sense answers. Now, tie human bodyisGod's' watch. Ton sec the hands of the watch,you see the face of the watoh; bat the beating of the heart is the ticking of the watch. : Oh,Lbe careful and do not let it run down. ' : ... r?mark' further, that practical religion 18 a friend of longevity, in the fact that it is a protest against dissipations, which injure and destroy the health. Cad men and women live a Veiy short life. Their sins kill them. I know hundreds of good oia men, but I do not know half a dosen bad old men. Why ? They do not get old. Lord Byron died at 'Hisso tonghi a> ,3.6 J®*" of age, himself his own Muxeppa, his unbridled passions the horse that dashed with him into the desert. Edgar A. woe died at Baltimore'at 38 years of age. The black raven that alighted on the bust above his door was delirium tremem—"Only this and nothing more." Napoleon Bonaparte lived only inst beyond mid-life, then died at St. Helena, and one of his doctors said that his disease was induced by excessive snuffing. The hero of Ansterlitr, the _ man who by one step of his foot in the Centre of Europe shook the earth, killed by a snuff-box 1 Oh, how many people1 we have Jniowa-who have not lived out half their daye because of their dissipations and indulgences! Now, praeticil religion is a protest against'all dissipations of any kind. • • . "BnV' you say, " professors of religion hare fallen, professors of religion have got in toxicated, professors of religion have misappro priate tnist funds, and absconded." Yes- bat J donot forget that theythrew away their religion before they did their morality. : If a manon a •Whtfo Star line steamer, bonnd for Liverpool,' in mid-Atlanticjninpsoverboard and is drowned, Is that anything-against the White Star line's <?I*c'tT to take the man across the ocean? 4nd if a nun jumps over the gunwale of his religion and goes down usrerto rise, is that any reasonfor your-believing that religion has no capacity to take the man. dear through? In' to om c^, if he had kept to • the < ateiuner his _bcdy-woold hare been saved, fethedtorcsse, ^rebeenra>'edL religion hia morals would Thwe are aged people who would hare been dead 25 years ago but foc: the defences and the equipoise of religion. Ton have no more natural reestanoe than hdndreda of people who lie in the cemeteaee to-day, slain by their own vice, ■the doctore made their case as kmd and plea sant M ft sy conld, and it was called congestion J f bram or something else, bnt the snakes and fte blue dies that seemed to crawl over the Ppiow in the sight of tie delirioos patient showed what was the matter with him. Ion, the aged Christian man, walked along bv that unhappy one until yon came to the golden pillar of a Christian life. Yon went ro ftS right; he went to the left. That is allthe difference between yon. Oh, if this religion is a protest against all forma of dissipation, then it is an uloatrioas friend of longevity " With long life will I satisfy him." " HL The religion of the Lord Jesus Christ is ? v ,, nd of longevity in the fact ftat it takes the worry out of oar temporalities. It is not work that kills men, it is worry. When a man becomes a genuine Christian be makes over to_God not only his affections, but bis tamily his business, his reputation, his body. 59a1' everything. Industrious he will be, but never worrying, because God is , managing his affairs. How can ho worn about business when in answer to hia prayers God tells him when to bay and when to «U; I U bwt=e e#m' 14 be8t* SDd if belos®. fbat Suppose you had a supernatural neighbour, who camo in and said: "Sir, I want you to call on mo in every cxigenov: I am vnnr !,.► fneud ; I could fall back on -20,000,180 dollars - I can foresee a panic 10 years; I hold the con-' trolling atoca m 30 of the best raonotary insti tutions of New York; whenever yon are to trouble, call on me and I will help yon ' v<£ tofl, ^,aT° nT tD.0QCJ' aDd you can have my mfluance. here is my hand in pledge for it.*' Howmnch would you worry about business 5 ru °]''d ^ "Vn d° tb» best I can for to «st."depend °n my friend'8 ! Now, more than that is promised to every ! Christian business man. God says to him, "I own New Tork, and Londoq, and 8t Peters a"femino • I ' ""v Australia and CaUfomia ! rj mi°°' * foresee a panio a million years; I have all the resources of the universe, and I am your fast friend: when you get m business tronhln n- ».i,„ . vf b.. ,Q business trouMeor any other troubfe, call on Me and I will help; here is My hand to pledgo Of omnipotent deliverance." How much ltn ■ .fh?'maa wo"7? Not ranch. What lion will dare to put his paw ou thatDsuiel? U there not rest in thisIs there not an eternal vacation in this? "Oh," you s3r I here is a man who asked God for a blcssinw I to a certain enterprise and ho lost 5,000 dollars laterally and the otfier clays vertMJvr£?P ^Lm!^vtnrer-aDd " 0 «a»6dS? your ..machinery io a rontoaainHn.~?Sgy?» Z°&?,°f.Tke ^ *<> wheel. gTW™TT2? _.WeU, he says, " X made themi to. bo in on poute direchona on purpose, and thefr-Si*" the right remit. You go downstair/'J5^*!9 amine the oarpete ire are turhin?Xn?^'i?-* establishment, and yon will see" T - on the other floor, eli I Tt^cJ^^ar amobliged to confess that, thoaBhtwJw,1 of that factory go in-opposite.diS^^J turnout a beautiful result; and whfl^T . standing there looking at the exquisiie fi2? "fW™ passage comes mto my •^All things work together for good fltfem who lore (Sod, Is there not rest in thatt >' It there not longerity in thatf . . ,■ -'0 Suppose a man is all the time worried .W his reputation t One man says he lies, anSSr ff ¥ « atapid' another ie is disWf and. half a dozen printing* attack him in all sort/ of wfy^d great state of eioitement, and worrr -Si fume, and cannot sleep; but religion crntmto him and says, "Man/Ood is on y"ur^f£ wfllfake care of your reputation ; if God; for you, who can be against jouf*.'... How much should that'man worry about his Tm.i. aou? Not much. If thafbreker whS years ago in Wall street, after he fcadrSrt money, rat down andwroto a farewdl letter to :hls wife before he blew his brain, out—if ir> •toad of taking out of hia pocket a pisUdhe had taken out a well-read NewTTestammt,-.tW .would hare been one less suicide/ Oh, h«r Tons and feverish people of the world, try thi. almighty sedative. Yon will livedo >v£a longer under its soothing power, -ft, i. not ohloral that you want, .or . morphine mat. yon want; it is the Gospels of Chnst " With long life will .1 safisfyhfch." . /'rsotical religion is a friend of lonraritr in the f lot that it removes ail corrodto|.em abont a future existenoe. Every man wants to know what is to become of him. If rtmwet into a railway train you want toknow atwhat station it is going to stop; if you get on board a ship you want to know.into what hirbobf it is going to run; and if you should tall me ytm :have no interest in what is to S# mar future destiny, I would, in as polite a war as I know: W,_tall you I did not heUsre you. Before I had this matter settled with reference to my future existence, the-question tshnost worried me into ruined health. The anxieties mm hare upon this subjeot put together wnhld make a martyrdom. This is & state :of awfnl unheal thineee. There are people whofsfclr fret themselves to death tor mar. of dyingi;, wantr to .take- the strain ..'aS, cronr nerves• and the . depression off . . your, soul, make two or three ^expedinets. Experiments first: When, you .go out-of thia world it does not make any. whether you have been good or bad, crwhstha •yon believed trnth or error, you will goriaight to glory. .. "Impossible," you say; /.".my common sense as well as my religiou.tetohes .that the had and the good: oannot hre together for ever. Yen give me no comfort in &** ex periment'.' Experiment the second: .When you leave thir world you will go into in inter mediate .state where you can get oonrertedsnd far inreOs' " Jmpnfwabjfl>r9 yqq^w •*«a tbotrwf*llBth,Boit amatlkytodiaBjftot postpone to-an intetTnadUfti ■£***' which^OMki to have been effected db < tfcil rati. Experiment the third: Themis no fature world; when a wm) dtea,:that if the ofhim. -Do-notworryafcniwhatyed'$nto oo inazmthereUteof being ; ytra wiUimtdoMy* "Tapoerible/'yonsay; MtheceUme thing that powerfully telle me that death it sot ihe appendix hot the prefaoe to lifk ;. Then it something that tells me that ba this side of; the grave I only get started, "and. that I fehafrgooft forever. Ky power to thmk aeya for evae, my afiooaons say for ever, my capacity, to;enjoy or suffer for ever# ... .,;?vq ■ Well, you defeat me in my three experitDtete. X have only one more to make, and xf yon de feat toe in that X am exhausted# : A. mighty .One on a knoll baok of Jerusalem ooe'dsy.the sKee tilled with forked mrA the earth filled with volcanic . disturbances, farmed His pale and agonised face towards the heavauand said : "I take the sins and sorrows-of the ages into .My own heart. X ant the expiation. Witness earth and heaven and hell, l am the expiation." A nd the hammer a track and the spears punctured Him, .and •>heaven thundered: " The wages of sin is .death 1" ".Thesool that ainneth, it shall diei" J141 will by no means olear thegtdl^r Then .there was silence for half an hour, and the lightnings were-drawn hack into the scabbard of the sky, and the. earth ceased to qtU7er and her oonmlKonaended/and all the colours of the sky began to shift into a rainbow woven out of the fallen tears of Jesus, and there waa read as of tho blodahedding, and thero was blue as of the bruising, and- there was green as of the heavenly foliage, and thare i was orange as of the day-dawn. And along the line of the blue I saw the words:"I vu ! bruised for their iniquities." And along the line of the red I saw the words: *l The blood of Jesus Christ cleaoseth from all sin.": And along the line of the green X saw the words: " The leaves of the tree of life for the healing of the nations." And along the line of the oraugo I saw the words: "The day-spring from on high bath visited us." And th*n I saw the storm was over, and the rainbow rose higher and higher until it eeemsd retreating to anotbor heaven, and planting one column of its colours on one side the eternal hill, and planting the other column of iU colours on tho other side the eternal hill, itro6S upward and upward " and behold there was a rainbow about the throne." Accept thai sacrifice and lctvo off worrying. Take the tonio, the inspiration, the longevity of thia truth. Religion is sunshine ; that is^iealth. Religion is fresh air and puro water; thsy are hcAtthv. Religion is warmth; thit is hcslthj*. Ask all the doctors and they tell you that a quiet conscience and pleasant anticipations are hygienic. I offer yon paf«* peaco now and hereafter through Jeeni Ctafct future world f Tell, hc jlt: mehad7you shall have it.::> OrehardsPThere' arethetreeswitlrl? maraer'jof fruits} yielding: :'tfcBitave^''mohth^-,;Water8oeheiyF!:''riiere la • „ i ej;6th^E}Tsr< of .I&e; jfrom;under,ithe.';.thrbn» of wGodi/oloar .as .crystal,:and the "aea^'ofsglass ' '*... ...mingled' Witllfire. Do you .want music? ' .i.-o-jTHere is.the oratorio of the Creation led on hy '' V.v-Adam, and the oratorio of the Red Sea led' on ^'jljhfjMosea^and the oratorio of the Messiah led, ' .'fim.Pft-hy. ,.S'- jTaul, .while:,the archangel; with "..awinging baton controls the countless multitude whomake up, the. orchestra' the. other, side of I"; .i^ithegrave. ,• ., ,, ,■ ...rJjoyou want reunion ? .There are your dead "".ij i^ ohildren waiting to kieB you, waiting to erabraee (3e/X°P»■'waiting to twist garlands>iri your;hair.. ' you have been accustoined;to.open tho do'or on \- this side tho sepulchro. I open the door on the ■; other eide the.;sepulchre. You have ; been accustomed to walk in the wot grass on the top -:h3-;6f the grave. I show you the under side of the ■■ ' :- j-gTavc; the bottom has fallen out and the. long -e:uM ropesewith which tiie'pall-beaters let down t; , liteyonr.dead, let them clear,through into heaven.; .Glory be to God for this robust,. healthy _ ^religion. '.It.will.have a tendenoy to make you -^velM_this world,', and,in.the world.to ^"■l'come you wUl have eternal life. 'fWith.]no<» ; life will 1 satisfy Him.'' 