THE CONVERSAZIONE. In the evening a conversation was held at the Alfred Hall, when there was a very large attendance. The chair was occupied by the Bishop of Ballarat. Proceedings were commenced by the singing of the h3’tnn •* Glorious things of Thee are spoken,” in which all present joined. The chairman said the meeting took the fonn it did on-account.of the large number of guests who had accepted .invitation o , and which rendered it- im» possible to carry it out under the'usual- conditions of the conversazione. His Excellency was obliged to leave . Ballarat by an early special train ' on the following, day, and they were certainly thankful that he had favored them with such a protracted, stay. (Applause.) The bishop explained the programme which had been arranged* and said they bad thought that advantage should be taken of the presence of his Excellency ami the visiting bishop3 by presenting them with certain addressee. (Applause.) Referring to the gathering during the afternoon, the bishop said it was a remarkable gathering. It had been a gathering in which ecclesiastical distinctions were thrown away. The celebration might be likened to the celebration^of-a birth, because the first actual work in the undertaking had been commenced. It might be likened to another period—a coming of age—an ampler, life was.opening upon them, and it was absolutely necessaiy that the growing , swarm .should-pass -into.a larger building;-- They -had laid the *foundation for a noble, soaring, dignified sacred building, in which would be shown the transcendent value of the worship of the Almighty God. Again, the ceremony might be likened to that of a wedding, the wedding of the diocesan and parochial systems. He regardrd the beginning of a building that da) which was to be not only the bishop’s, cathedral but also the parish church, ns a happy ex ample of ecclesiastical matrimony. He believed .the spectacle presented that afternoon would long live in the minds of Ballarat citizens. He felt that those who had the management of the arrangement deserved to be very cordially thanked. To Mr John Robson, the canon conductor, their thanks were certainly due for his efforts in every way. (Applause.) He desired also to-publicly thank those ladies and gentlemen who had given their services for the musical portion of the programme. (Applause.) And he had to thank God for the increased unity which, by God’9 great blessing, had existed amongst them, and he’petl to promote the great and holy work in which they were engaged. The Hon. Henry Cuthbe:t, 31.L.C., Chancellor of the Diocese,. then, on behalf of the Church Assembly, presented his Excellency Sir Henry Loch with the re solution that had been passed by the assembly. He had hardly expected the honor when became to Bal larat that day. The sentiments of the resolution were in accord with his own feelings, and with those, he believed, of everyone throughout the diocese. 'Jhe resolution read:—“That the best thanks of this Assem bly bo tendered to his Excellency Sir Henry Brougham Loch, K.C.8., G.C.M.G , Governor of Victoria, for his kindness in consenting to b)* the foundation-stone of the New Cathedial of Christ Church, Ballarat, on St. Andrew’s Day; and that this expression of its grati tude be conveyed to his Kxcelleney in full confidence that in the good Providence of God, the work thus auspiciously begun will be carried to a happy com pletion.” It afforded him very great pleasure to pre sent his Excellency with the resolution. (Loud ap plause.) He believed everyone in.the assemblage pre sent would say they were pleased at the favor conferred in being present so long in Ballarat, know ing that there were such great demands on his time. .The cathedral which was to be erected was to be a monument to future centuries. Many of the vener able structures of the older world had been erected during the 11th and l*2th centuries, and were at the present time in as good condition as when first con structed. He had been i formed that that day the subscriptions laid upon the stone sut passed the amount of those laid upon the foundation-stone of the Melbourne Cathedral. (Applause.) lie trusted his Excellency might long be spared to re present Her Majesty, and he trusted that the Queen would long hold the power in her own hands of nominating a governor. There had been an attempt made in the Pari ament of Victoria to express its opinion that the colonics should have a voice in the appointment of their governois, but Par liament had declared against it. He believed the people of Ballarat were loyal as any of Her Majesty's subjects, and they wished for no severance from Eng land Her Majesty had given them a grand constitu tion, and had reserved to herself only the right of appointing the governor. A system by which the 'ministry in power-would have a voice in the appoint ment of a governor would be a very pernicious system. Th»* Legislative Assembly had decided that they wishrd no change. (Loud app ausc.) His Excellency Sir Henry Loch, who was received with applause, said he had had great pleasure in being present at the ceremony of laying the foundation stone o! the Ballarat Cathedral. He thanked them for the resolution, and for all the kindness that had been shown to himself and Lady Loch. lie knew* that in no portion of her Majesty's dominions was there more loyalty to the throne than in Victoria. He trusted the good work that had been begun would be carried to a happy completion. He could only ex press the hope* that before his time for leaving the colony n» rived, that the work would be well advanced. He hoped that on a future visit they would make to Ballarat that they should see the cathedral walls rising and rising towards completion. (Loud applause.) The chairman announced That the total amount in cash and promises received at the laying of the stone was £542. Of this part was in payment of promi es previously made, but new donations and promises amounted to £470. At thi3 stage a short interval was taken for prom - nade, during which a number of selections weic given by Bulch’s Band. The hymn, “O, Holy Ghost,” was then sung. The chairman said it was now his duty to present the resolution passed by the Assembly to the Primate ami visiting bishops. They’did not need to be told any more than he had already told them liow heartily pleased he was to see them in Ballarat. (Applause.) The resolution read:—“That this assembly tenders its most respectful greeting to the primate of Aus tralia and Tasmania on his return from the Lambeth conference, and its grateful thanks to his lordship and the bishops of Australia, who by their promi p to attend the stone-laying of the cathedral church have already done so much to encourage the churchmen of this diocese in their great and important enterprise.” lie had great pleasure in handing the resolution to the primate on behalf of the visiting bishops. (Applause). The Ven. Archdeacon Julius, who was received with loud applause, suppoitvd the resolution as vicar of the parish church which was to be merged in the cathedral. Some years ago the congregation of Christ Church hail raised the present building. It had been raised in days when building was expensive, and had remained as the parish church of Christ Church all these years. Still that building was getting a little old, and it behoved them to work with a will to erect the new* church. (Applause.) To those who were brought up under Old World conditions there seemed something of an anomaly in this union of a parish church with a cathedral. Yet, under the alteocd con ditions, perhaps it was the best that eoul i be done. The bishop had--truly said that in all the negotiations between the parish and the diocesan authorities there had not been one unkind word. (Applause.) They had laid a stone that day: were they going to leave the work at that? He could name a dozen men who could build that church alone. They had 60,000 per sons in the diocese, and if GO,OOO could not raise the cathedral, no one could. Why, if they only gave half the money they spent on Cup day every year, they could build it with that.- (Laughter.) He* loved to think of that solemn church where could pray and worship, pointing them up from iheir sordid lives to nobler things, and w'here should be gathered not one parish but all the parishes. (Applause.) The bishops who were present would be glad to see the cathedral rising, because what was the good of one diocese was the good of all dioceses. It was a wo»k that appealed to all. 3le!houruc and Sydney were all very well, but Ballaiat must have a noble cathedral church, which by and bye should gather round it other churches which were now* out of its communion. (Applause.) lie was not an advocate of dull uniformity, but believed in unity in variety. Why should they all not live side by side, fighting the good fight of faith. He can eluded by heartily thanking the primate for his presence. (Cheers.) The primate (Dr Barry, Bishop of Sydney) accepted the resolution handed to him by the chairman with gratitude. All that he had done was not only a duty, buta pleasure. In the resolution there was an allu sion to his return from the great Lambeth conference which he had attended. He briefly referred to some things that had been accomplished there; that assem bly had shown a singularly wide and catholic spirit, for it had not confined itseif to ecclesias’ical subjects, but had derit with moral and social topics. There was in all its proceeding a wise catholicity as to all matters affecting what might he termed English Christianity. It was felt that the time had come for brotherly conference, which might leid to the draw ing together into closer visible union all those who recognised the “ one Lord, one faith, one baptism.” (Hear, hear.) The resolution alluded to the encourage ment given to the diocese of Ballarat in the work be gun that day. He refern din detail to what had been done in Sydney and in Western Australia, where he had recently, at Perth, assisted in laying the founda tion-stone of a cathedral, on which there was even now but a small debt. The present audience had the power to do the work here in Ballarat; the question was, had they the will ? There were wealthy men pre sent, they were told, who could themselves afford to build the cathedral by their large gifts; but be would rather see the Ballarat cathedral raised by the contri butions of the multitude than by the large gifts of a few. (Hear, hear.) He had no fear of the stone laid that day being left alone, but the work would doubtless go on vigorously. Work must be carried on by universal sympathy, which would result in universal help. Let the work be done by the people, not for the sake of this person, or that, hut for the sake of Christ and His Church. They had under taken a great responsibility, by the work begun that day, which mint be completed and made worthy not only of Ballarat and the beauty for which it was famed—equal to that of Sydney harbor—(laughter)— but for the glory of God. (Cheers.) Progrrss, to be truly such, must be moral, social, and religious The old Gospel had not passed away; it possessed all its pristine power. There was the same Presence with them now as in all past ages, and there was with the Church now the same holy influence. (Applause.) The Lord Bishop of Melbourne (the Very Rev. Dr Goe) said he had expected to earn his lun cheon when became to Ballarat. (Laughter.) He had known Dr Thornton over 30years, fmm the day .when he (Dr Thornton) was an undergraduate. He had subsequently lmd-the pleasure of welcoming liim in England as Bishop of- Ba-larat. He had great plea sure'in being present that night, and congratulated him on the event of that day. The diocese of Mel bourne must benefit hy tne prosperity of the sister diocese of Ballarat. The brethren in the metropolis would be glad to know that in this western part *t the colony “the Word of God had free course and was glorified.” It was nf*t merely to beautify an already beautiful city that a cathedral was to be built, but to quicken spiritual life all over the diocese. The cathe dral must eventu *lly be a benefit to. every hard-work ing bush clergyman. Such an one, c niing to the central cathedral would go back to his parochial or bush work with a feeling that he belonged to a com pact body, and he would be lefreshed and encouraged in his self-denying mid arduous work. Cathedral* should be centres of light, “ schools of the pro phets." to which young men could resort ami get equipped to enter into successful conflict with ignor ance, and in every form error. Country clergymen ■ would come to feel it to be a honor to preach in Ballarat cathedral, all the surroundings of which would cultivate the best feelings of their natures. If wealthy men would deny themselves for such good woik, they might make their cathedrals the pride . and ornaments of every diocese. He enlarged on the many and great religious uses of-cathedrals, which would res-ult in the church becoming “a praise on the earth.” Ife paid a high compliment to the Bishop of Ballarat /or his energy and great and suc cessful Jabots in the diocese, lie hoped Dr Thornton would be greatly encouraged hy recent events and the present prospects. The Bishop of Ballarat should now go forward more hopeful that ever. He con cluded by thanking all for the resolution which had been passed; he did this* on heha.f of his brother bishop* and himself. (Applause.) The Bishop of Ballarat said he had received a letter stating that the Mayor of the Town of Ballarat East was unavoidably detail ed from being present by his mayoral duties. The Mayor of the City (Cr M‘Donald) mov>d the following resolution “That the erection of this 11 «e cathedral, happily commenced hy His Excellent*)*,' is an enterprise of interest and importance to the public, ami as it devolve-! as a duly on the members of the Church of England in Ballarat, deserve* the sympathy and aid of their fellow Christians throughout the colony.” The Hon. David Ham, M.L C , felt great pleasure in seconding the resolution. With all his heart he did so.' He had been present at the sacred ceremony of laying the foundation ston® of-the cathedral. He felt thnt it would he a centre of holy influence, as it would be open night for all who pleased to worship there: (Applause.) Mr James Russell; M.L. A., supported the resolution. He was gratified by the spirit of religious enterprise : shown by the Ballarat people..- He was a Scotchman, and not ashamed of it. {Laughter.) * He believed that the cathedra] could be finished 'within three years. (Cheers.) He had been brought up as a Pres byterian, but had had a hand, or a brick, in almost every church erected in Ballarat. He hoped that all would help in the good work, and trusted to see Bal larat raised to a great altitude of moral and spiritual prosperity. (Applm«e.) The proceedings then terminated. 