THE MELBOURNE PROVINCE ELECTION. MR. JAMES SERVICE RETURNED. A MAJORITY OF 1,898. The election of a member of tbe Legisla tive Council, to fill the vacancy which was created by the lamented death of Dr. Hearn, Q.C., took place yesterday. Two candidates had been nominated, Mr James Service, formerly Premier of the colony, and Mr Robert Byrne, auctioneer, Swanston street, Melbourre Some dis ippointment was ex pressed among Mr Service s warmest ad mirera at his determination to seek elec noa to the Legislative Council instead of;reserving himself for the Legislative Assembly , but his reasons tor this de ciaioii frankly stated in public meet me, were accepted as k00-1 end auf lerred a seat m the Legislative Assembly, hcient Personally he would bave pre hat he does not feel cither the desire or the pbysical ability to undertake the lespon Bihihties ol Ministerial oflice, which lie would no doubt be called upon to ac ceptnt the first change of administration, it in the Legislative Assembly , nor could he ace Ins way to undergo the fatigue ot the prolonged sittings and late hours of the Lower House lor these reasons, and with as keen regret as that of any ot his friends Mr \--eriice decided to seek election to "the Jliuieol Advice -the Legislativo Council when he hopes be inn) be of u->e to the colony without entailing upon himself the 1 ibonmis duties und responsibilities insepa rabie from the occup nicy ot a seat in the Legislative Assembly Among the lending commercial men of Melbourne and by other sections of the i-cimmuiiivv, it wns expected that Mr Strvice would bt honoured by an unopposed return, lut Mr l'obert li)me who contested the «eit unsuccessful!) when the Inte member vvus returned, considere 1 that Ile lind it claim io the vncnnc) on account ot his previous i"noniinioU3 defeat ' Mr berv ice proper!) described this ns "a most curious process ot reisoning, and urged that the tact that Mr 1 vrne vvus deteatetl at the last contest was a vet) substantial reason w hv be should not _et in on the present occasion, jocularly re iii irking that Mr byrnes new doctrine would I e It uled with delight Ly the iiumerouanrm) 01 njected nspirints tor lnrliamentar) honours tliroucltout the countr) As a wall ovor nits impossible on the present occasion, Mr «-erna und his friends nt their nrst meeting tui".t-alii that the nett beat compliment vvoull be to return lum at the bend oi the poll hy such a large maiontj as would ensure his unopposed return it the next election four or live months hence when the seut a.uin ¡écornes vneint by eliluxion of time this wus the tttsl to which the friends and supporters of Mr Service at once and cheer fully «et thiir h unis, inspired with pirtect coulaient e us to the complete success ot their candidate A lur"e number of (.einlernen encage 1 m commercial and indnstrul pur suits readily volunteered to join the com uuttees which were formed tcelmg that it would be a great advantage to have the metropolitan province represented ni the 1 e"islnture by a uentleman of Mr Service s ex uerteiiee in commercial and liutuiciid mutters Mr Service caine forward asa coihtiomst, bdieving that the present prosperity ina pto"ress oi the colony are largel) due« to the pence and quietude which the ciuntry bus enioyed under a coalition rim«' aud holding tint lor a turn, at ill events and in the generil interests, party p line's should be eschewed His opponent, on tiie other hand, presented himself ns a litiet d and n protectionist, and although Mr cervir-e pointe! out with great force and humour that Mr Byrne was beating the air or lighting n ghost, seeing that the question ot free trade and protection has been « tiled so far as this colony is concerned tor «orne time to come, Mr livrni persisted lint lie wolli 1 fidit the contest on that quia non and that alone He admitted that die le"nlitivo Council hud nothing to du with leviing customs dunes, but tried to 1 erstntle the electors th it the return of a protectionist at tho present juncture, on the -ve of a revision of the tanti would stnn"thcn the hands of the protectionist members m the I 1'islntive \ssemblv mid thus indirectly aid iiis'itiring to struggling n nive industries, isrfer measure of protection I It» polling jesti ititi) wns almost devoid of nictlpiit bem" conducted in a ver) quiet ind i usmt ss like iteshiou throu"hout the entire prov inn As the luring ot vehicles tor the tonvey-ince of voters to the bootha is contrary to law the tnentls of the two eundiiinles were requested b) the respec- tive romtuitteed to lind horses nuil convey mees for the purpose, and a considerable number responded to the apped Hie majority of the c1« tors who recorded their totes however, proceedid to the polling booths on foot 1 rom external indications, the supporters of Mr livrne appeared to be ni st caloña in their i llorts to promote his t indidatiin, but the triends ot Mr Service claimed that tlict they were equally energetic, it less demonstrative lile Melbourne Prov nee is nearded as the most important constituency represented in the legislative Council 'Hiere ure no lewer than 1">Ij9S electors on the roll, and tin constituency is far more representative of the whole commumt) than an) other pro vince, as the following recital ol the quulih limons of electors will show - -electors must bo cither-1 I recholdeis of Uni or tenements in one nutt tho santo jrotitico rated at not le«a thin ¿IO j er nniiutn \- Lcsseea or asalrri ces for tito tinoxpirod period of a ij- frin oriiinnlly created for a jierto lof not less (tan five years of any lands or tenements luted ut not less Ulan i"j a year I reliants rnted to tile year.) value of Al -I Owners or occupiers of [ire inl«es sullic ent to 'ive each tho ioricomir [titi lie i ton f Ut iv entity graduate-- le"al nnd medical luaelltloners ministers oertillcatc I sclioolniuiti r> ti it tary and nava! clüccr-, au ! matriculated atilde i ta A sont na the representative ot auch a con Mum ney is naturall) amuih lovett d honour, anti this was duly acknowledged by the sue cessful candidate m his aduress ot thanks to the electors I ht poll opened at 8 a m and closed at ' p ni At the close of the poll the ballot boxes were conveyed to the Athen cum hall where the votes were duly counted At 10 minutes past 7 o clock Mr Call, P M, the retnrnuig olhcer declared that the result ot the voting wa* us tallowa - tote» Tor Air «-erviee jig Majority for Mr Service 1 s)-, Mr Call therefore declared Mr Service duly elected N considerable crowd had assembled in the corridor ol the Athen turn, nnd the result was rece mil with loud diet ring, intermnijt d with démonstrations ot disappointment on the prut oí the Incluía and supt orters of the drteatid cnndidtite 'Hie result ot the contest between the late Dr Ilearn mil Mr j inn m lh-s was as follows -Ilearn t s il . «rut, Hil, majorilj lor Hinrn, _' I'll In .> out ni the li divisions lnlo which the electorate wits then dividedDr Ilciuu received a ui tjunti ot the vote B recorded, mid in this inst mee Mr Service was ut the heiid of tht pill in every one Theotlur members fortín Mellonrnc Province nre bir Jumos lorimer, Minister of Hefmce and Mr I Illina Niter tin declaration of the poll, Mr Sunni mounted a ballot box, and slelrtssed the assemblage Ile sud - Iseiitleuien,-1 thank )ou ver) much lor the tmndsorat manner in winch jon have re lurnetl nie ns your representative in the I e"islativc Council (diet rs ; NN hen I saw ne crest amount ot apathy that vvascxln ute-lmmany ot the divisions today I ccr tuinl) du lot txpect Blich a dtcisive anti meruliehiniitr majority 'Cheers.) I um ¡wormed-mil I believe it is a fnct-Unit 1 mile uniujoritv (moreor less)in every division eu the Me lb mrni 1 rovmci« ((beers) llinr 'i itself ia most satisfactory (Heur, hear ) I »m not (.oint, 11 ninke ii speech to night ) on un tin I of listening to «pitellis, and 1 tim n.i m "peaking but I disire nguiu to thank siu 1 dont see my lion com ¡«?tiior (A None-"He's here, uiuke wav 'eu- h in nuil " 1 bree cheers for Mr Byrne, winch were hmtilv gwi n th» two c indidntes meuiiwhile HluilcuiK hunda veiy eoidinlly ) » lien Mr l y me nnd 1 be"nn this ( omi st w c ¡'minna! loi ich other we would (Otitiiiuc to " ¡In sim» old tnentls tlirou,li the contest, ¡"ulnftei tin «lection ns vye litre btfere 1 ,r'\\! A"(1 ' haveshtikenhands luartily «itli Mr By nu, nguiiist whom tht ior unca of war have (.oik on this occasion, »"11 hope that he will bi Hiiccesjful on another occasion I nunn thank von veiy .'net tely, und 1 b g to move a vote of timuka m the returning olhcer, Mr Cull, I u the a!!1,""" ,!'.' wmc1' »e ''is discharged his «Mies (Hear heur ) ' it... .. ' BeTnilcd tlie motion, and Bind nut the ugriement between himaelt mid i,, Vf"1T. "' londnel the coniiat m a '["nilly apint had been cnrrted out to ¡li' letter. (Cheers ) Of course, »orno en nustnstic persons had gone ?« little bonni rT.!?1. i m '.hej" nlw,v>8 woultl '" a political mittest let the candidates do or any what «iej Pleased, Init li impetuous, they were J "ere and trustworthy, and would »tick to Uetr uiiin m the death. (Cheers ) It Mr. t,",.. Y iwci..u !""B coul<" o'" ll9 a protec oin«, ho (Mr. Byrne) would have retired in ?ii lti«our¡ nud he desired to lntorrn t.ffi"\\*h.h, Mc' !'«viT bad ot nt,n«. '!'. '!ud "° hitenllon of nguiu opposing hi» hon opponent at the election in September next (A Voice: "Quite right" nnd cheers) That was frank and honest The result of this contest had been beyond Ins (Mr. Byrne's) moat sanguine expectations, because he had to fight tile battle of protec- tion under the greatest possible difficulties. Had the contest been more prolonged the result might hn«e been different (Cheers, and cries ot " No, no") The protectionists ought not to think seriously of their position, because they had been fairly and honourably defeated by a freetrader. (Mr. Service. "No, no," and cheers ) At this juncture the hall-keeper pushed through the crowd, and complained that the pejple were blocking the passage to the Athen,eum-liall, which had been engaged for n public meeting, und Mr Bjrne, who had already spoken at much greater length than the successful candidate, «vua requested to desist, in order that the corridor «night be cleared,but he ti ted out vehement!«," Nothing will stop mc, I will keep joubere till midnight, n)c, till 1 or 2 o'clock in toe morumg, it 1 think lit' - m assertion which «vus receiied with loud uttlamiitions hy a few enthusiastic supporters Mr Bj rue reckoned without Ins boat, howe«er, tor the crowd at once made towards the street, giving three lusty cheers lor Mr. Service, und tlie delcatcd tiiudi dute descended iron« the ballot box upon «vhich he hml been standing, and conveyed the vote of thanks to the returningofheer. The following were the details of the voting - ,Bjr Carlton houlh . ] astern hill Fawkner parU « Jolimont Tnilnay .. li i eli mond Central hi-hmontl -torth lim li m on d South ho} al park Chriton North .. H trun-Ka .. St .Tames «j ht Mftr.'s ¡>t I'atrick's .. <t Paul's University .. .ótala . ..I 1,691 [ «,489 