[?] AN EXqiTING PAG E PROM TRE LI I"', i OP AN AMERICA NTPR0SF£C s OR. 1 . ' - < (FRCM THE hisscuri REPUBLICAN. ') ' . ' AinaQgetseomequeerideasinhiabeadwteu he's out all alone in the 'meuhtains/ writes i John Sanderson, an old .prospector, who has his hehdquartere at El Paso, but: who makes several inco rsrnns into the mining- districts every year. < \- natt of toem belieye m ghosts, nme out of ten ju signs, and aboot all of them - in luck. - My own experience has changed my views in a good many partlcu- ' lars, and, tor one thing, it has in.ade me a firm believer in special providences. ' happened up in the Mimbres Moun tains four years ago . this summer. Tbe Mimbres lie in New Mexico, down below old F<-rt Tale Rosa, and they must be full of gold somewhere, because: the beds of the i creefes that find their way down the sides &?o J so rich in placer diggings, that you can't prli i up a -age bush ground tbere without seeing i bright specks among be roots. I. bad a pet ' theory then that if yon followed the -creeks S up high enough and looked close enough you i wonld find a tremendous deposit of eold in decomposed quartz - I thought,' you see, that a little of it had washed off the surface in the course of "time "and formed those placers. What I wanted to -find- was the mother mine. ' I talked the thing np to Charley Burke, another prospector and friend of mine, until . he agreed to put up half the outfit aud join me ih the search. We got a couple of burros, the necessary cools, and started early in the spring. The country about the Mimbres is about as wild and desolate ab any on earth, and it was a trip that not bing but faith and enthusiasm would prompt a man to attempt. 'The creek we followed was almost dry, and we stopped frequently, looking for placers. At l&et; ve came to a Bpot where the sand was barren for several days' joarney, and then we began to prospect tbe country all around. Te make a long story short, we strdck a ledge one morning with outcroppings that crumbled nnder my pick, and showed quartz all streaked with yellow threads. " Charlie," I yelled out, all afire at once, " we have struck it !'' ' But before we sunk a shaft we found something elre that sent our hearts toonr mouths. It was an old shaft, back & little way and in a claim, properly staked out, that covered that very ledge. There was a noti fication according to law on one of the poets, that Fetor Snmner and Joseph' Klaatzy had taken possession of the " Big Six" and done the legal assessment work. I sat right down collapsed, but Charley went over to the shaft and came back to tell roe that it didn't cover half the amount necessary, under the law, to hold the property for a year. We measured it, and, sure- enough, it was only down about half tbe required distance, so we took pos SMftion of the property, changed its name to " The Treasury," and went to work. We built Durstlves a rough shanty, rigged up a windlass, and began to sink. In a few days we were into a formation rich enough to make a man's head »wim, and. getting better as we went down. We were both so excited that we begrudged tbe time to sleep and sat, and we neither ©f us meditated for an Instant giving the claim up to anybody, assessment work or no assessment work. What had become of the two men was a mystery. I suppose we had been there for a couple of weeks when provisions began to run short. ; We didn't want to both leave .the claim at : once, and so it was finally arranged that Charley should go down the creek to a camp about fifty miles away, and bring a supply. He took both burros and started off. r cal culated it would take him a week to make the trip, and time hung heavy on my bands. X tried to work a little on" the shaft. The formation was bard, and we had rigged up a crossbar ladder. I would go down this, fill . the bucket, climb to tbe surface, and pull it up. ' At about noon of the Becond day after he left I was startled at wbat I thought was a man crossing a li'tie gulch halt a mile away. I only had a view of it between two rocks, I and whatever it was passed so quickly that I was not sure. However, 1 waited for a couple of hours, and then, seeing -.nothing further, concluded I was mistaken, and I went down into the shaft' I filled the bucket with very heavy ore, climbed up, and had it about half raised when a man o&me; walking up the creek bed towards me . > ' He waB an ug'y lookinsr customer, big and brawny, wi<h a flat, Scandinavian face, and carried a Winchester on bis arm. I had a little stick that I slipped, into the wtodlass handle near the axle to keep it from tnrnihg backwards, and, leaving the bucket just where it was, suspended half-way up. I started towards the cabin to get my arms. . He covered me with his rifle, mid ordered me to halt- : ' What are you: doing' on my claim ?' he said. ' s ' I-reckon you can see,' I replied, putting as good arface on it as I possibly could. ' You mean you've jamped it, you cursed thief?' ' No, 1 don't. There wasn't enough work on it to hold it, and it was as much mine as anybody's.' 1 Youlie 1' He looked at me over the sights with his wicked greenish eyes for full a minute. Then he said : ' Did you ever pray Y ' Yes/ 1 faltered. ! Then, pray now. . I'll give you two minutes/ By that time my mind was blear enough to take in the whole situation, and I bad ab doubt but bp intended to murder me then and there. With me out of the way there would be no. one to testify to tbe insufficient work, and I would simply be regarded, if the story of 'my death was evertold. ha a claim- jumper who had been justly dealt with. I felt ray knees begin to tremble,: and. tried another rock. ' If you kill me/ I said, ' my partner will be back and see that yoq hang for it.' Vni fix your parier the same way, you claim- jumping cur/' True enough.' Nothing would be easier than to 'aesassinate Burke on his return-, And we bad so jealously vegarded the secret of our trip that noone woubS know where to sc-RTch tor us. - We would simply disappear, as buu>. dredt of prospectors do, never to be eseu by mm to®p» »ud speedily .tote forgotten; £ bad no . hope ot mercy from ' the instant I looked into that maj£s cruel face/ i fellL rith a pickehingquaim and a wild drumming iumyearethkt my time hadoomA . -, y i Wl' mpll Ioned. / : . " The man made to reply For a moment my head swam, and thep, y»ith a suddep. r etnvntofyl<rite|te" ialih, gun terrel dkbrtop vrindlato hateUe, aij martedfcveh that slkht tootiuotion of the tyeteitiM#/otoprccidei a tbot next instant there was a crih — an explosion and a cry all mingled into one. I saw the mR.n turning head over bcle down the em- batik n ent, the Winchester ilying through a cimd of smoke up into tire air, and all tbe while hesrd a loud, monctopvouB whirring noise that was like some gigantic clock running down. . . " I did not realise it at the time, but this is what had happened. Whmh%iestfby|pii across the windlass he dropped the' barrel right against the little stick tbat I had thrust in to prevent it turning; and knocked if out, 1 suppose the bucket ©f ore welgheihdne bim ' died and fifty pounds, -and the greet iron handle, Swinging elear Around gaitted sebh terrific momentom that when it struck him square in tbe face, which it did, it lifted him offhis feet like a cannon balL The con ires discharged by the shock, but the buHet went nowhere near me. Before I regained my senses, I heard tbe backet strike the bottom with ft smash. When I picked np the man he was -an- conscious, but moaning a little, and the blood teicklihg out of his ears. His gun was bmken. Helsy at tbe cabin for aweekor two, and af te» Charley got back we managed to get him to Siiver City. These thedeetore put his face in a sort of plaster of paris cast but,altoough the wound healed, he wadset m bis .right, bead, and eventually diedr Tbe night before he-passed away he motioned for a little elate he need to write on, for be .couldn't speak. He was very weak, and it thtma longtime, bufcstt last he scrawled : ' Whabitme i' Before they could tell him he fainted mw&. The mine? Oh, the mine pinched out after awhile, nod disappointed us. I sold my interest to Burke, and I tbink after working- it for a year he gave np in disgust, and moved away. , , - 