THE FROZENT PIRATE. .BY W. CLARKE RUSSELL, ?uthor of ' The Wreck of the Grosvenor,' ' The Lady Maud,' ' A aailor's Sweet heart,' Etc. Cnarrinr XIV. (Cos;I:e-r:n.) I had made a great lire, anlI its light was etrong, and there was alt, the light of the latern ; but the furtacutw l.ur:s played very :lively, completely overm tetrLril.g the steady illunination of the candle., aitn the maran' figure was all a-twitch \witlh rovinrg shradows, and a hundred fautr ati, :,'v?'s se(iedtl to steal out of the side nild balldh:ads and dis appear upon lly terrifid gaze. Thein, thought I, suIppe?(s aIftr all that the mn: should be alive, the vitality in him set flowing by the helOat I minded myself of my own simile of trhe lurat. checkelid by frost, yet retaininng unimplr ired the plrinciph of motion ; and getting; Irmy aqitatiorin under .some small control, I app?,.e Ih,: tihe body .on tiptoe and held the lint .r. to its face. Ie looked a nanllof ixty y.ears of rago .his beard was grey and vsr l,,ng, and lay .upon his, breast like a cloud of ,smoke. His Woyes were closed; tihe brows elhaggy, Inll ftho dark scrar of It sworld-wounenrid raul across his forehead fromlll th, I:Irn.r, of the left eye to the top of thi rigtrit l:,nw. His nose was 'long and hooked, but tihe rnlee in hisr .counltenance, backed by thl vague character of the light in which I inp,:rt,:d hiMn, loft his face almost exlpresionles,. I was too lI:much aalarmed to put my ,ear t, is imouth to 1mark if he breathed, if iinde:,d t;e noise of the burning fire would hayve 1,.. ritted me to distinisahr. his ree iir tioll. I dirow bank .from niin, unll Itt Alonl tlhe liantern and watchled lhirn. '1T11uglit t, it will not do to believe there is anythinlrg siu .rIlltural here. I can swear there is naught living in this .ship, and lant I to suppoIi., assumiill sihe .i haunted, that It ghlst, wlich I rhave always read and heard of ans anti ecsscelo, has in its shadowy being such lquality of IilROcle Its would almble it to turn that heavy man over from his side on to Iis back ! No, no, thoughrt I ! deped upon it, either Ihe is alive and may presently como to himnelf, or elso in some wonderful way the fire in thawing him has so wrought in his frozen fibres as to cause himr to turn. Presently his left leg, that was slightly bent towards the furnace, stretched itself out to its full length, and may ear caught a faint sotmd, is of ia weak and melancholy sigh. Gracious heaven, thought I, he is alive ! and with less of terror than of, pro follnd awe, now that I saw there was nothing of a ghostly or proternatural clha ractor in this business, I approached and bent over him. His eyes were still shuct, and I could not hear that h0 breathed; there was not tile faintest motion of respi ration in his breast nor stir in. the hair, that was now soft, about his imouitil. Yet, so far ds the light would suffer eno to judge, there was a complexion in Iis face such as could only comee with flowing blood, however Innguid its circulation, rand lputting this and the sigh and the movement of the leg tegotrder, I felt convinced thlrt the man wasi alive, and forthwith fell to work, very full of awe and amazement to be sure, to help. nature that was struggling in him. y' first step was to.heait oinm brandy, and whilst this was doing I. pulled open his coat andfreed his neck, fetching a coat from the cabin to serve its a pillow for his head. I next removed his boots and laid bare his feet (which were encased in no lens than four pairs of thick woollen stockings, so that I thought when I came to the third pair I should find his legs madeo of stockings), and after-bathing his feet in hot water, of which there was a kettleful, I rubbed them with hot brandy as hard as I could chafe. I then dealt with his harnds in the like manner, having once been shipmiato with. a seaman I who told me he had seen ai sailor brought to by severe rubbing of his extrmoactics after he had been carried below supposed to be frozen to death, and continued this exercise till I could rub i~ no longer. Next I opened his lips, and, fnldinghhowanted some of his front teeth; I very eanilypoured a dram of brarndy into his mouth. Though I preserved my astonishmont all this whie, I soon dis covered myself working with enthuisirasm, I with a most pascsionate lunging indeed to recover the man, nit only because it pleased me to tlhink of miy being ani instrutlment under God of eallilng i haIuIan being, so to speak, out of his grave, but because I yearned for a companion, selllnorne to irddlress, to igrhten the hideous solitude of rmy.conditionr and to assist mnc in plahnning our due liverance. I built up it great fire, and with mcunch trouble, for he was very heavy, dispred him in such a manner b1efire it that tihe heat was reflected all over the front of him frorm Iris head to iris feet. I likewise continued to ohafe his extremities, remitting this workte nly to rest, and finding; tllhat the brandy t had stolen down his throat, I pouredt another dram iin and then inuother, till I think he had swallowed a pint. This went on for air hour, during which time he never exhibited the least sign of life ; but on a sudden he sigheddeep, a tremror ran through r bim, he sighed again arlnd artly raised hlis right hand, which fell to the deck with a blow; his lips twitohed, and a small con vulsion of lim face compelled the features into the similitudo of a grin that instantly faded; then he f'etched Ia succession of sighs and opened his eyes full upon mInce. I was warm enough with imy work, but when I observed him looking at me I turned of a death-like cold, and felt the dew of an intolerable emotion wet in the pathns of niy hands. There was no spcuttion in hm stare at first ; hieseye lay as coldly upon me as those of a fish ; but Is life quickened in .him so hris understanding awoke; he slightly knitted his brows, and very slowly rolled his gaze off me to the furnace and no over as much of the cook-roomt as was before him. He then started as if to sat up, but fell back with a slight groan and looked at Sult is thins rP' sid he in French, in a very.hollbw feeble voice. I k wcw cioughl of his linguage to enahle mo to know he spoke in French, but that .we pll. .Icould not sperak a syllable of that 'on .Ibe feeling better resently; you must not expect your stren,.rrt to come m a minuto,' samid I, taking mry chance of his *vnnderstauding meo, and speaking that ho might not think me a ghost, for I doubt not I win'ii whitoen one; since, to be plain, the 1mer?t.!ldneg to a figure thratI had to con aider as sheeily dead an anybody in a grave. ysrd'ynslarmlng enough, and then agai_ .thero WPst*.e sound of my own voice, which lhad notzaexerted.in speech for agosn an it Sfntlyr rodded his head, by whicls I eYv~?el ho: underestood me, and said very raintljy In English, but with a true French c~unt, ' '1'hiins hard bed, sir.' I'll spedily, mend that,' said I, and at once fetched a mattress from the cabin next miii'; this I placed beside him, and dragged linim on to it, he very weakly assisting. I then brought clothes and ruge to cover him with; and made him a high pillow, and an he la floce to, the furnace he could not have been seuggerlhad he had a wife to tuck him uip-ithil own hli .. I. Iwas very much excited; my former 'trroims had vanished, but my awe continued -great, for I- felt as if I had wrought a miraclei and I trembled an a iman would who surveys some prodigy of his own cruition. It wanyetto be learnt how long he hatlhen tIn thi Condition ; but I wan perfectlyenure he haid formed one of the scclruer's people, ind are! had guensed her to harrve beon here ior upwards of fifty years, the notion of that manbhaving lain-torpid for half acentury held me under a perpetual spell of astonish m"e; bhut there was no more horror in inme -nor fright. IHo followed me about with his even,'butdid not offer to speak; perhlrer he :-dti1& not. - I put a lump of ice ino the kettle, and when the water boiled made him a·,pint of steaming brandy puncmh, which I rheld to his lips in a pannkin whilst I slup '.orted his backwvithmy knee ; he nsupped it ilowby and painfully, but with unmrittkable .relib h,tand fetched a sigh of cententmaent as hbalay back. But he .would need somithing mor sustaining than brandy and water ; 'rih irl irpoclasrzngeiaorwiti le satlor. ando nI guesaed his stomach, after so pro: digious a fast, would be too weak to support such solids as beef, or pork, or bacon, I mniued a little, turning over in my mind the contents of the larder (as I call it), all which time he eyed me with be wildernuent growing in hisfaco ; and I then thought I could not do better than manufacture hin a broth of oatmeal, wine, bruised biscuit, and a piece of tongue minced very somal. This lid not take mne long in doing, the tongue being near the furnllaco and oft enough for the knife, and there was nothing to lmlt ult the wine. WThen the broth was ready I kneeled as befort and fed himni. lie ateo gr?erdily, and whoe the broth was gone looked us if he would have been glad for Iaore. 'Now, sir,' says I, ' sheep if you an ;' with which he turncld hil hwad and in a, few minutes was ound a-leep, breathing regu larly and ldeely. 