THE Silence of DeanMaitlaitd. PART in.— CHAPTER II Continued. The dean took the letter witli an inward shudder at the sight of it, and brought out some glasses, which he affected to -wipe and arrange before reading it, though in reality he needed no glasses ;v he only wanted to gair. time and composure. ' By^the way, Mr. Lee,' he observed quietly, * your mother married, I believe, gome groom before leaving England. Is lie living ?', ' She married Charles Jndkins, who was a kind stepfather to me. He died some years ago, leaving my mother and myself well provided for.' 'Your moiher, then, has no. other children ?7 ' Nime, sir ' The 9ean had ai last arranged the glasses and uafoided the letter, giving one swift glance ^at his visitor, who had walked up to one of the_ engravings, a sweet and guileless Madogha with a thoughtful child, and was examining it with interest. Nevertheless, the dean shaded his face from the light as he read. The ropm was very still, and pleasant sounds stole in through the open lattice A great bee was humming about the roses and honeysuckle just outside ; a black bird woke- up from his afternoon drowse and began fluting his liquid vespers ; the cathe dral clock proclaimed the hour in deep booming notes, and all the bells in. the city echoed it with varying cadence ; young voices came through the sunny air of the garden,, and the stranger saw a party play ing at .tennis below ; a girl's clear laugh rang .out in true heart-music, and was followed by a man's. It was Marion laughing 'iafr some absurd mistake on the part of'tiie love- blinded Lord Arthur, who was ready to laugh with her. The dean meanwhile read on in silenee Thoyonng man grew impatient, and longed to soothe his soul by a hearty whisble, to wMdh his full red lips rounded them selves. He got to the end of the engravings, and turned once more to the figure at the table ?; balthe dean was still reading, statue like, with his face accidentally shaded by his hand, thoueh he never turned a page of the brief letter of one sheet. The picture he made sitting thus beneath the lattice, through which, some long golden, bars of sunshine were now stealing, remained upon the young man's memory for. ever, though he di^npt Lear the quick subdued breathing of the reader, or see the chill drops upon his tortured brow. Within a stone's throw of that lattice one of the canons was standing on a short ladder;, 'tending a peach-tree on his garden wall, ; thus seeking a pleasant distraction from, the abstruse Hebrew studies in which he hafl been buried all the day. His wife stood xn the pathway hy the sunny border, where the bees were humming luxuriously orer their luscious thieving, and looked on at his labors. ' I iad it from the dean myself, Edmund,' she was saying, ' this very afternoon.' ' Well, my dear,' he replied, rather in distinctly on account of the strips of cloth he held in his mouth, * you will now have the! satisfaction of repeating- it all over the close^j^gisbpp of Warham, eh ? Maitland is a lucky fellow, and aboub as ignorant as that cat '-rr-pointing to a fine grimalkin, who was -lazily watching his master. ' But scholarship goes for nothing in these radical days'' 'I. lam sure he will make a delightful bishop,' said the lady ; ' and who knows whatold fogey we may get at the Deanery now ? ' Some old frump with his nose buried in a book all day, perhaps.' ? 'WJsen not perched on a ladder,' laughed the canon. c Well, who wouldn't have the gift of. : the gab like Maitland ? Lucky fellowi to be sure ! ' Tlie letter which took so long to read ran as follows : — 'I-am coins home to die, and I wish to Bee you once more first. I promised never to betray you, and swore away an innocent man's character to shield you, and I have never Jiad a happy hour since I cannot undo til the wrong I have done for your sake, biit I can and must clear this man, who never did me harm. I cannot ctfe in peace till I have righted him- Can I do it withont hurting you ? Come to me for heaven's sake ? my days are numbered. Sly eon bears this. He knows his parentage, but nothing more. He is a good lad. .:..'.?_? ' Alma Judexns.' At Jast. the dean lifted his head and ques. tioned the youth regarding his mother's ill Eess Jtndpresent abode, and learned in reply that she _was. suffering from some fatal in ternal- malady, which had become suddenlv worsedbfl consequence of a fall in the Bel minster street, and that she had been admitted to the paying ward of the local hospital, whence there was no probability of her issuing alive. ' You take your mother's extremity easily, youngiman,' said the dean. But the youth replied that he had been expecting the end for so long that it no longer' agitated him, yet his eyes filled with tears jas he spoke. The dean then took a pen and slowly indited a few sentences, which^he gave to the young man, who took the p#per and withdrew with a bow, which his host very frigidly returned. No -sooner' had the door closed upon the young 'fellow's stalwart form than Cyril dropped into his chair, and, burying his face in his-handsj- groaned heavily, shuddering form'SfaeaaVto foot. If he could have dreamed.4bis terrible moment twenty years ago, wotfld'^that handsome stripling ever have jBj^aihe light ? If any man could be brought|tface to face with the embodied result of one bui, would he ever sin more ? ProbaTay^Sle would, else why has Eternal Wisdom reserved each knowledge for the toostijart-to^auother world ? A tqjgfi^''1swlft- step sounded along the corridoKi; ihe door opened, and the blind boy camfrrnnning in, with a joyous greeting Tha dean '-lifted his head, and strove to calm -himself as he welcomed the child in a eentle^oice-st rbut his heart was wrong by the eppJ^asYbetween this lad and the fine, healthy— youth -who had just left him — Wruiisr, ^tobj' by the thought that the latter's look ^K^; shown no gleam of affection ; nothingbut a challenging defiance. ' I^inade 'each a mistake, papa/ said Everard'^I actually took a stranger for you ^Sjet Sis yoice -was louder and his step firme£--4ihan yours. I met him in the hall aow.^iBenBon was letting him out. Who Was he i* iBenson says his face is rather like yours, so perhaps I was not so. very stupid.' ' My poor Everard !' murmured the dean, folding the child with unwonted tenderness in his arms ; ' my blighted boy !' ' 1 am not poor,' returned the child, brightly, while he laid his round soft cheek on his father's hollow face with a colt-like caress. ' Now, dada, I won't be pitied. Benson said the fellow was like you, so his eyes were little better than my ears. But who was he ?' * A stranger, an American. So you sang the solo, I hear ?' * Yes ; and it went so well. My voice was like a bird flying up to heaven's gate. Father, it is nice to have such, a voice — it goes as if I couldn't help it. And I showed such a nice fellow over the cathedral, and took him in thoroughly.' ' Poor lad ; poor dear lad ! And what is going on now ?' 1 Virgil with the Herr. And after dinner Marry has promised to accompany our violins. And what do you think ? The duke has a Straduarius, and Lord Arthur is to take me to Dewhurst to hear it, and perhaps touch it. How hot and wet your forehead is ! Is your head bad ? Am I bothering ?' The boy's sightless gaze met his father's glance of passionate tenderness, all un conscious of the agony it looked upon ; and the dean turned away, for he could not bear it. Marion's laugh came floating in again with its masculine echo, and the child's face brightened. ' Marry and Arthur,' he said. The dean pushed the dark hair from the boy's brow, kissed and blessed him, and dis missed him under the plea of a headache and desire for quiet, watching him leave the room with, a look of wistful compassion. He loved his blind son better than anything on earth, but he remembered how he had held the other lad in his arms at the font, and how the infant's touch had stirred the first keen thrill of fatherhood in his heart. ' I dare not, oh, I dare not ! It would be utter ruin !' he murmured to himself, in reply to some inward suggestion. The young Canadian meantime left the Deanery, and, placing his hat firmly on his head, turned to take one comprehensive look at it before he went round by the cloisters and disappeared. 4 Je-rusalem !' he exclaimed, * if my eainted parent isn't a first-rate actor and a cool hand ! Now I know where I got my brains from-' The dean sat on, with his head buried in his hands and his heart torn, with the deadly missive before him, and utter rnin staring him in the face, while the long golden bai'S of sunshine lengthened and fell across him unheeded, and the pleasant chime-music told quarter after quarter. * Oh, my God !' he groaned, ' but one sin in a youth so spotless ! And have I not repented ? And are all these years of agony nothing ? And the work I have done and have still to do ! And the powers vouchsafed to me ! Is there no mercy — none ?' An hour ago he had been so secure, so unsuspecting — the old ghost laid for ever, he thought. And now ? To go to that public hospital, he, to whom no disguise was possible, whose very fame would pursue him and point him out with a finger of fire, to meet the dying gaze of that hated woman, to hear her terrible reproach ! How could he ? And that boy, with his strong self-will and his ambition — Dean Maifcland knew too well whence he got those qualities — he would hunt him down without pity. Why not cut the knot for ever ? He had poison at hand. The low mellow murmurs of a gong rose on his ear (there were no bells or any harsh sounds at the Deanery) ; he beard Marion's voice calling to Everard, and the tap of her light foot as she ran downstairs, only lest in time for dinner. He could not take his life just then ; he had to invent an excuse for not appearing at dinner. The perilous moment past, better thoughts came t j him. He leased out of the window and breathed the cool dusk air. A wakened bird twittered happily before turning again to its rest ; Everard's pure voice floated out from an open window, with the words of an anthem he was learning. The dean fell down before the crucifix and tried to pray. He lay there in the darkness whila his children's music sounded through the open windows, till the moonlight stole in tirongh the lattice upon him, and there was silence in the house, saving for the ticking of clocks ' and the deep breathing of sleepers. Then he arose, haggard and exhausted, but re solved to do his duty, whatever it might cost him. Striking a light, he went to a cabinet in laid with delicate mosaic, and touched a spring. A hidden compartment was dis closed, whence he took a bottle and a glass on which measures were engraved. Care fully pouring out an exact quantity of dark brown liquid, he drank it and replaced the spring. The dean was a total abstainer ; he knew the world too well to hope for influence over the popular mind unless he bowed to the idol of the hour, and frequently observed to friends that he abstained from wine ' for the sake of example.' For the same reason, probably, nobody knew anything about the little bottle of dark liquid. TO BK CONTIKTTED. 