The Council Cornered. Axv I'ft'ective discussion, of the Gnvcrnov's speech, in tho Lciiislativo Council was rriidVral pmctically impossible by tho coiiH-kleiiers of ciiv.t'.nstnnci's, or by tho caprices of preferences. 1W an inad vertency the opening of Parliament ivas fixed for the dav on wliicli the exhibition opened. Only the most formal parlia mentary business was done on that day. Yesterday tho Minister for Justice moved that the sitting days be as usual, 'Wednes day and Thursday in each week, unless otherwise ordered. On the suggestion of several country members the motion was amended to Tuesday and 'Wednesday, as being the most convenient days for country members. The House opened at liali'-past -1 o'clock yesterday instead of -1 o'clock as usual. This was done to accommodate some hon. members. It was o o'clock before the Hon. T. L. Jhirray-Prior rose to move tho adoption of the address in reply. He spoke at some length with the fervour of an earnest partisan. He claimed for 'the party to which he belonged' all the credit of all the liberal legislation that has taken placo in Queensland. He dragged in with manifest approbation the new designation assumed by his party. He reiterated the thread-bare arguments about the superior financial skill of his party. Ho called the Lund Act of 1 80S ' a very liberal Act.' 'When the Hon. 'W. H. ''Wilson rose to reply it wanted 12 minutes to six. The debate could not be adjourned till this day, as Tuesdays and 'Wednesdays had already been fixed as sitting days. The country members wished to adjourn for a fortnight, so there was the strongest objection to adjourn the debate till next Tuesday. At (! o'clock the Presi dent announced that he would resume the chair at 7 o'clock. ]?ut such an adjournment was useless to hon. members who had made other engage ments. So one or two members felt that they wore victims of circumstances, and all tliu advantages lay with the dominant party. Iho (.lovornor s bpeecli was treated with the uncritical consideration which such a harmless document was calculated to receive. Having nothing debate-able in it, not m.ich could bn said about it. If its prolixity was not a fault, it had serious faults of omission. The subjects on which the party with a new name was thought to be strong indicate weakness. !Nothing was said in tho Council about the significant emission tA' nil reference to tho protec tion of native industries, Uw introduc tion of measures for the benefit of the industrial classes, or the Xaval Defence liill. Silence was observed on the querulous reflections on the preceding Administration contained in so many as five paragraphs of the Governors Speech. The only noticeable elements in the debate on the Government side wore some very nmarkablo statements by the mover of the Address in lieply. 31 r. Murray- Prior claimed to be a Liberal. Hut ho is a con fessed 'nationalist.' Perhaps the hon. pcntlrman is not aware that he is popularly regarded as one of the narrowest of tho Tories r,f Australia 'i He has always been allied with tho men who have favoured the formation of big est-.ites and opposed the settlement of tho colony by agriculturists. As for tho ' nationalism ' of which he seems so prouJ, it is amnzing that a man of such Imperial sympathies should cast that bone of contention be fore tho members of the Legislative Council. Ifis speech throughout was scrupulously and ostentatiously partisan 'Whether or not the introduction of 'nationalism' into the Council was in good taste, it was infinitely grotesque. AVliilst manifestingpartiality for the now party name, the hon. gentleman claimed to bo an adherent of Imperial federation : proud of his connection with the iiritish race ; anticipativo of a Dritish mil lennium, when all the tribes and kindreds of the Anglo-Saxon race shall be com bined in a homogeneous union of interests and potencies. Then the world will have peace, for this absolute dominancy of the English-speaking peoples will dictate the terms and conditions of disturbances or tranquillity to the world. Is this what the originators of the ' national party ' meant? Even Sir Thomns M'llwraith, one of the most aristocratic Imperialists in Australia, is evidently frightened by the ghost of sedition and separation which ho has helped to raise. How cautious he was when the Sydney deputation waited on him to ask for an immgurativo speech ! As for the amusing comments uttered by the Hon. T. L. Murray-Prior on the'- new party name, thej- can only excite a smile. In what sense is he a better 'Nationalist ' than tho Leader of the Opposition ? Is ho a Queenslander ? Mr. 'Wilson is the same. Is he an Australian ? Mr. Wilson is the same. Is he n Briton? Mr. 'Wilson is the same. What right has one member more than any other member to call himself a ' Nationalist ? ' 