^wwal^oiirIponÍIx^ «c-iM HUNGERFORD AND CHAPMAN ON MES5R\he¡CATHOLIC CHURCH. /«, tU Editor of the Maitland Mercury.) « . Haung been very busily engaged all lost I 7 tad not time to reply to the gentlemen ** n 2* «»til now 1 he principal dootrmes TTho Ctllic Church attacked by Messrs °, Iford ond Chapman, according to your re HU:fft meeting lid at the School of Arts, on fíCS^"substantiation and Confession, "7te these therefore, I mean to confine my reply f rt. nrMMt Of course it could not be expected ra tcSm one letter defend all the doctrines n wl «4 3fr Chapman, if I may so speak, opens a « foe in lus long, elaborate paper, so full of Z roearch, according to himself nor is i hJv that you could afford mo the space to do so It « favourite device with Protestant speakers and "t«, when attacking Catholic doctrines to fateUv misrepresent them and make them look as absurd and odious as possible They are driven to this by the weakness of their position, for as has been well remarked by a great controversial writer of «ir Church (Dr Milner), calumny and misrepre sentation eicepted, their cause has not a le¿ to stand upon Mr Hangerford following the old artful douV coolly charges our priests with creat » n God If he goes on with much moro of this abLrd nonsense "ho will disqualify himself for the position of theologian to remonstrate iwth Her Majesty on her i ltiwhstic tendencies, for which posi hon some Protestants think he is well qualified To talk of creating God-the author of all creation-s If existent from all eternity, or to attribute such a thing to anyone else, is not only grossly absurd, but highly impious If Mr Hungerford would pay more attention to the subject on which he was talking, he would see that the meaning of the word transubstantiation pre eludes the idea of creation Our priests create nothing but as JeBiis ChriBt took biead and wine into his holy and venerable hands and changed thom into His body and blood, and commanded them to do the Bame, they believe that when they pronounce the woids of consecration, they do change the bread and wine into the body and blood of Christ but as the humanity of Christ is now essentially united with the divinity, never to be separated therefore wherever the humanity is present there also must be the divinity, but not by the priest's creation as Mr Hungerford would make ns hehevo (See Dr Cahill's Letters and Speeches) Mr Chapman states our doctrine moie fairly and I bave no fault to find with him m this respect Mr Hungerford charges us with idolatiy, in worshipping as he thinks, the bread and wine in the Blessed Eucharist How can we be guilty of idolatry when we believe there are no bread and wine present, after the consecration, but the glorified body of Jesus Christ, as it is now in hewen ? This charge of idolatry is a very old one got np to excite picjudico and inflame the ignorant against us but we henr very little of it now a days I think intelligent and candid Protestants of the present day are rather ashamed of it ; and, even in the worst of times, learned Protestants, such as Dr. Gunning, Bishop of Ely, Thorndykc, prebendary of Westminster, and Dr. Jeremy Taylor, Bishop of Down, acquitted us of it. But the strangest part of Mr. Hungerford^ address is, that while he admits (what is too plainly indicated in Scripture for him to deny) that "For eighteen hundred years Jesus Cfcrist hud been in His church, watching and guiding it,'*' yet he contends that idolatry crept into it. This seems to me again highly impious, for, under the guidance and care of Jesus Christ, it is utterly im- possible that the church could teach or practice error. As Mr. Chapman has a great regard for the Bible, and will believe no doctrine which is not found therein or proved thereby, I will direct his attention to the Bixth chapter of St. John, in sup port of the doctrine of Transubstantiation. In the very commencement of this chapter Our Lord prepares the minds of his audience by working an astonishing miracle-feeding 5000 persons with five loaves and two fishes, to prepare them for the in- troduction of some important doctrine. He then promises to give them bread from Heaven, and says that " He Himself was the broad of life," gives an impressive instruction on the necessity of a strong and lively faith, repeats again that " he was the bread of life," and goes on to say, v. 52, " the bread that I will give is my flesh for the life of the world." V. 53. They strove among themselves, saying, how can this man give ub His flesh to eat. V. 54. Unless you eat the flesh of the Son of Man, and drink His blood, you shall not have life in you. V. 55. He that cateth My flesh and drinketh My blood hath everlasting life, and I will raise bim up in the last day. V. 56. For My flesh is meat indeed and My blood is drink indeed. V. 57. Ho that eatcth My flesh and drinketh My i Wood nbideth in Me, and I in him. j V. 58. Ab the living Father hath sent Me, and as [ live by the Father, so he that cateth Me the Bame shall live by Me. Now, Mr. Chapman will doubtless maintain that all these texts wherein the words " eat my flesh" are five tiiueB repeated are to be taken figuratively, while we maintain that thoy were spoken by Our Lord and meant by him to be understood literally, and therefore prove that Jesus Christ really and truly left us Híb body and blood in the Blessed Eucharist. Let us now examine the texts I have quoted, and seo who is right. In v. 52 we have the bread of which Our Lord had been speaking in the foregoing part of the chapter described as His flesh for the life of the world, and in v. 53 wo aro informed the Jews strove among themselves, saying, how can this man give us his flesh to eat ?-a clear proof that they understood the words in the literal sense. Now, what does Onr Lord do to meet their objection ? Does He explain His words and tell them He spoke figura- j tively, which He was bound to do if He meant to speak figuratively, and which ho was in the habit of doing when speaking at other times, in figura- tive language, lest he should be understood literally ? On the contrary he repeats four times the same words with increased energy, and in v. 51 he threatens damnation to the man who merely omits what he orders ; in v. 55 he offers justification to the man who fulfils his statements j in v. 56 ho twice asserts that what he has said is a literal statement, so that without' going through the remaining texts there is abundant proof that Our Lord was understood literally by the Jews ; that He made no explanation because He had no explanation to offer ¡ but that He wished to be understood in the sense in which He was under- stood, viz., in the literal Bense, and therefore He left ns his body and blood in the Blessed Eucharist -no figure, or no bread and wine; but His real body and blood. In St, Matthew, 26 eh., v. 2G, we find Christ's promise fulfilled : " And whilst they were at supper Jesus took bread and blessed and broke, and gave to his diaciples, and said, take ye and eat, this is ray body." V. 27-"And taking the chalice he gave thanks, and gave to them, saying, drink ye *U of this." Y. 28-" For this my blood of the New [ Testament, which shall be shed for many for the I remission of sins." Now, here is a clear comiur-nd ci J**"= Christ to eat His body, v. 26 ; but Mr. Chapman will say the words are figurative, and that Christ's body is only received spiritually. How then can the communi- cant fulfil the command " to eat ?" Can be eat a spirit, a figure, or a shadow ? Again, in v. 27, there is a command to drink of the chalice, and, in v. 28, to show that there was no disputing its contents being blood, the text says it is the " blood, which shall be shed for many for the remission of sins" that is, the blood which our Saviour shed on the cross. How can the figurative sense apply to this text ? Why, Mr. Chapman would represent our Saviour as shedding the blood of a spirit, or 1 memorial, or of wine. So you see, Mr. Chapman, what ridiculous, unmeaniug jargon you would put into the mouth of our blessed Redeemer, in order to suit your absurd and erroneous doctrine. You would represent Jesus Christ as using language such as the most illiterate fool would not give utterance to. Again, how could St. Paul in his first epistle to the Corinthians, ch. xi, v. 27, hold the unworthy communicant guilty of the body and blood of the Lord if there were only broad and wine present ? And how could he (in v. 28) say a person would be damned for not discerning the body of the Lord if there was no body of the Lord present, but only bread, ac- cording to your doctrine. That is, a person would be damned for not discerning what could not be discerned-for not doing an impossibility. Do you see again, Mr. Chapman, how absurd is your erroneous doctrine? And do you perceivo how, with the Catholic doctrine every text is in harmony -no contradiction-no difficulty whatever. " The literal senscis hard to flesh and bUod, " But nonsense never can be understood." Dryden,-Hind and Panther. Mr. Chapman says this doctrino waa unknown in the church for several centuries after Christ, and that it was sneaked in by degrees. Allow me to inform him that St. Ignatius, an apostolical bishop of tho first century, describing contemporary heretics, says, " They do not admit of eucharists and obla- tions, because they do not believe the Eucharist to be the flesh of our Saviour, Jesus Christ, who suffered for our sins." I could fill columns of the Mercury with quotations from the ancient fathers, showing that this doctrine was held in every age, but to save myself trouble, and you, sir, space, I will give a short quotation from Dr. Parker, Protestant Bishop of Oxford, showing that he found on examination that the fathers always held this doctrine: "It is evident to all men that are but ordinarily conversant in ecclesiastical learning, thabthe ancientfathers, from age to ago, asserted the real and substantial presence in very high and expressive terms." (Reasons for Abrogating the Test, p. 13, 1688.) Is it not from reading the Fathers, and comparing the doctrines that they taught with the same doctrines that they taught in the Catholic Church of to-day, that those hundreds of clergymen of the Church of England about whom we hear so much noise, have como over to the Catholic Church ? And the cry is still they come, and hence the impotent fury of gentlemen like Mr. Chapman. CONFESSION. I must be very brief on this doctrine, for I fear I have already trespassed too much on your space, and, in point of fact, I have not anything to answer from Messrs. Hungerford and Chapman. They merely call it an error of Rome ; and Mr. Hunger- ford quotes bishops of the Church of England condemning it, and Mr. Chapman quotes from Protestant books to show that, to his horror, such a doctrine is believed by a largo section of his church. The quotations from the Protestant bishops may be an authority in the Church of England, but outside of it they are valueless, and I could, if I wished, simply say to these gentlemen that what they called error I call truth, and until such time as they advanced argument I was not bound to reply. But, as I said, I will briefly give our reasons for holding and practising this doctrine. In Matt. ix. eh., Jesus Christ works a great miracle to prove that He, as man, had power to forgive sins. He says to the man sick of the palsy, " Bo of good heart, thy sins are forgiven thee." The Jews say " Ho blasphenieth." Jesus replied, " But | that you may know that the Son of Man hath power j on earth to forgive sins ; then, said he to the man 1 sick of the palsy, arise, take up thy bed, and go into | thy house. And he arose and went into his house." V. 6, 7. " And the multitude seeing it, feared, and glorified God that gave such power to mon." V. 8. He communicated this power to his Apostles on the very day of His resurrection, when He said to them, " As my Father hath sent Me I also send you." John xx c, 2 v., " Breathing upon them He said, receive ye the Holy Ghost, whose sins you shall forgive, they are forgiven them, and whose sins ye shall retain they are retained." And again, " Amen, I say to you, whatsoever ye shall bind upon earth shall be bound also in Heaven, and whatso- ever ye shall loose upon earth shall be loosed also in Heaven," Matt, l8 c, l8 v. Now, from the above texts, it is as clear as the noonday Bun that Christ left the power of forgiving sins to the pas- tors of His church. But how are they to exercise the power of binding, loosing, forgiving or retaining sins untU they have a know- ledge of the case ? How are they to know the disposition of the penitent, whether he has sorrow for his sins ; whether restitution has to be made to the neighbour who has been injured in his person, property, or reputation ? All this can only be known by the penitent's own confession, who finds in the priest a kind friend and a wise coun- selor, who has power to forgive him his sins, and point out to him the best remedies to shield him from future relapses into sin. From this it wiU be seen that confession is necessary. Our Lord did not confer such a power on the pastors of his church for tho mere purpose of having it without exercising it. It would be inconsistent with the wisdom of God to do bo. Accordingly, wo find confession always practised in the church ; and it is impossible that a practice so repugnant to human nature, or so humiliating to human pride, could be at any time introduced without the laity rising up in rebellion against it. Nor is it at all likely that the Bishops and Clergy would volun- tarily take the yoke upon themselves if it was not of divine institution and the only means of rogaining God's favour after the sins committed since baptism. I could quote, as in the case of all other doctrines of the Catholic Church, abundant extracts from the Fathers in proof of this doctrine, but I do not feel bound to go farther until some argument is advanced against it. The Book of Common Prayer enjoins it on certain conditions, and no less a Protestant authority than Chilling worth speaks in favour of it. I intended to notice in this letter Mr. Chapman's absurd ravings with regard to the Bible, but, as it is now late, I must conclude, and make my observations on Mr. Chapman and the Bible the subject of another letter. -I am sir, yours, etc., I M. MURRAY. It is a fact established hy ornithologists that a bird will breathe through the end of a broken bone if the wind-pipe be injured or purposely obstructed. < 