HEWS IH BRIEF. VICTORIA. \- Tenders will be invited for the line from i.voca to Ararat in the early part of Septem ber. A shunter at the Stawcil railway station, named J. M'Aoliile, had one of his fingers broken the other day while engagol in coupling. During tho past 11 months the Harrow dis trict has been famous for marriages. Tea have already taken place during the time men tioned, and another is on tho tapis now. Tho artesian bore at Wirrimbirchip is now 659 feet in depth, without any indication of a flow. Salt water ha) been passe! at several levels, but it is only drift, and renders tbe boring operations very difficult. tioarcely any progress ban yet been made in connection with tho construction cf the ' Nicholson and Wy Yung bridges, to bo con structed out of tbo £20,000 loan which was floated as long back as October, 1885. At Wangaretta a young man named O'Cal- laghan, while playfully- wrestling with a com panion, fell in such a way that bia leg was fractured near tho ankle. He will be incapaci tated for work for at least two months. A lad named Thomas Pay, in tbe employ of Messrs. G. and F. Taverner, saddlers, of Herang, was in the act of fixing a whip into a metal handle, which had been filled with boil ing resin, when the hot liquid spurted into bis eye. . Tbo Echuca branch of the Australian Natives Association intend to hold a banquet ehortly, at which tbo Chief Secretary, Mr. Deskin, Mr. J. L. Purves, president o( the association, and Mr. G. Dibbe, M.P., of New South Wales, arc expected to bo present. Since Mr. Deakin delivered his lectures oil Irrigation at Tatura and Mooroopna, the question has boon repeatedly asked by intelli gent men, " Do you believe, really now, with out any darned Yankee blow, that a man with ft family can make a living off. 20 acre3 of land here?" : Whilst riding home from tbe Kernng races last week an accident happened to Mr. llit- chcnB, ol tbe National Bank; who waB thrown from bis horse, and kicked in tho face noar the left eye by the animal. He was 'picked up in anunconecious state. Bat since then he has been' rapidly recovering. A fatal accident happened last woek on tbe farm of.Mr. II. Schulz.'Voctis East. A farm laborer named Charles Goiitz had been in to Horsham for a load of bricks with a waggon nnd 'horses, and returned under tbo influence of liqhor. - - Whilst driving through a gate near tbe homestead he foil off the load, and tho waggon went over his head, crushing it out of : shape. "Complaints are made that, notwithstanding tho'etrict prohibition of the Minister of Public Works to use any kind of explosives whatever in thoiGrampian quarries, blasting operations have been carried on in tbo open beds south of the gullett, apparently regardless of tbo prohi bition of tho Minister or tbo darnago sustained by the quarry and tbo slone as a building matorial. ' Tondero have at last been called for tbe much roquired and long promised additions to the Stawcil railway station. Stawell residents are satisfied new. The additions are to include a rofi cabmen t room 41 foet long by 20 feet wide, ladies' and gentlemen's waiting rooms 15 feet by 10 feet eeob, lavatories, and new con veniences ol improved architecture. Tivo. Stawoil boys discovorod-a skull-in.an unoccupied house, and, scenting a mystery, they carried lbs skull to tho police station. Inquiries. ic-avo Hltio doubt that tho skull is that of an aboriginal, picked up by a bawker in tbe locality of Werracknabeal. The owner of. tho house in which the skull was found com plains that tho beys had no.right to enter it. Mr. C. E.'Jonoa, M.L.A., has been visiting tho Western district in connection with tlio purcbaso ol land for tbo wealthy Molbourne syndicate of which Mr. Bont, Mr. M. II. Davies and others are reported to be members. Ho has purchased tlio Gnotuk Park Estate, tbe property of Mr. R.: D. Scott, and inspected sovoral desirable properties in the lleytesbury Forest, and at Torang. A party of fishermen when returning home to Stawell a few ovenings ago, after sponding the day on tlio banks cf the Wimmcra, were brought to a sudden standstill, and a hasty exit from tho voliiolo brought to light tho fact that the drivor had run bis horse into a wire fence. Tbo animal plunged, soon freed itself from tbe harness, and gallop od into tlio darkness, leaving tlio "dieciplos of Izaak Wulton" lamenting. Nothing was left for it but to tramp about 7 milco to Stawoil on foot. Mr. Honry Holmes, formerly of Sandhurst, hao in bis will left a life interest in bis pro perty to Messrs. \V. and It Holmes, of Sand hurst, with ravcrsion on their death to the Hendlgo Hospital. Tbe will has been proved, and tho valuo of tho property is sworn at £45,910. Tlio relatives will enjoy tho interest on this money, aud the principal, which may possilly groaily increase in value, will revert to tho hospital. Mr. Holmes was very success ful in mining on Ilondigo. Oil tho lOtli December, a gentleman loat a watch between St. Arnaud and Copo Cope; bo ndvertisod tlio loss in tho local papor on tbe 13th nnd lGlh December, and did not imme diately recover it. A few days ago, however a farmer from Mogg's Plains canto to tho oflico nnd obtained tbo number o tho watch, and restored it to tlio owner. Tho watch was going in good ordor, and had only been picked up on tbe road a fortnight ago. A Chariton girl told her young man that slio was rosolvod liovor to m irry until ho was worth £10,000. So ho started out with a bravo heart to inako that sum. " How are you getting on George ?" b!io united at tho end of a couple o! months. "Well," said George, hopefully, "I have got £22 put by in a building society." The girl dropped her oyolashea, and biushiugiy remarked, "I reckon that's nearly enough Goorzo. Wn aro both of ago, and a licence won't cost that much." Tho Exhibition, according to tlio Avooa Wre Press, wno concocted to aggrandise Melbourne aud rob the country towns. All this frightful oxpondituro of money . had no other or hatter purposo than to luro pooplo to the metropolis by moans of a big show and cheap railway fares, supplemented by affording anobocrney an opportunity of exhibiting itself beforo tlioso who. whilo browsing frco on its provondor, despised tho commissary. Amidst such undiluted ilunkayism tlioquoslion arises— IVhon will tho manhood of Victoria Bliako oif is parasites and speck out.(w). Ferciblo, but jnoolioront. On a'rocont dark night, a damsel was taking B stroll on tho extreme cud of Coicraiuc's Unlfghtod and gloomy main stroot — when sud denly a whito body and arms bccamo visible— apparently travelling in her direction Tbo Jlguro appearod to have iioitborbcad nor legs- only a torriblo whito trunk and correspondingly ghastly arms, which sailod along in as inexorable a manner as Fato itself. This was too much for fominino onduranco, so with ono shrill scream for help tho vlotim faintod, fujjy jmprossed with the idea that the arcs helcagured by tho ' district ghost" On recovering ebe found that tbo "ghost" wae merely a harmless resident taking a short walk, in a white shirt, to get seme water. The Geelong Adrertittr claims to be the only journal in Victoria which has taken tbe un popular rile of discussing the Chinese question on intercolonial rather than on local lines, maintaining that, as a dependency of tbe Empire, Australia is bonnd by the treaty obli gations which Great .Britain eaters into with any foreign power, no matter whether it be European or Asiatic. Owing to their inability to procure sufficient men for the work, the contractors have been compelled to temporarily stop tho construction of the branch line of railway from the Eaims- dalo station to tbe Mitchell wharf. All the men now available to tbe contractors are at work ballasting the Bairnsdale end of tbe main line, which the contractors are desirous of completing and handing over to the Govern ment as soon as passible. Dr. M'Donald, of Coieraine, has not the slightest doubt of tbe efficiency of tbe rabbit extermination plan formulated by him, but be lias in reserve a method which can bo utilised in connection witb his published plan in snch a way that the pests would infallibly destroy themselves. - Yet, he will decline to give any farther information unless the Government agree to give him tbo original bonus of £60,000 demanded by him on bis undertaking to prove the efficiency of his method. We are afraid- the doctor trill have to wait for his bonus a long time. Samuel Down, of Nagambie, engaged on tbe railway works in tho vicinity of Tatura, was propelling a trolly loaded with 2 tons of lime and cement, when he overbalanced, and jumped, intending to clear tbe line. Unfor tunately his heel caught, and by some means or other be fell in front of the trolly, the wheel of which caught his leg, and skidded along for a few yards, tearing the flesh around the knee, and making a very nasty wound. Had the trolly been a few yards further on the down grade, and a little more way on it, the leg would have assuredly been crushed to pieces. Mr. George Wallder, a member of the Sey mour shire council, had an extraordinary escape from being cut to pieces at Mangalore on Saturday evening. He was in the act of driving a two- horse American waggon across the level crossing, when, without any warning, a goods train came up and dashed through ihB, waggon. One horse was killed, the other terribly battered. The trap was- smashed to pieces, and tbe occupants hurled on to tbe line with dreadful force. The lad escaped un hurt, but Mr. Wallder was knocked insensible and badly injured. Another " ghost " idiot has been frightening tbe young ladies of Echuca. On Thursday night be appeared at the opposite corner to tbe gasworks, clad in a sheet :and masked. .As two young ladies, were walking up the footpath after leaving the houso of a friend, the man suddenly emerged from behind tho corner of a fence and grasped tho arm of ono of the ladies, who screamed, whereupon he released his hold and made tracks. Tho screams attracted the attention of several young men, who searched for tbe man, but without avail. Tbe individual, who is known as tho " masked man," had better desist frightening ladies, otherwise be will, if caught, besoverely bandied. 