TURKS AND THEIR TOBACCO. AN Australian who is travelling on the Continent gives the following interesting information about the Turkish people and their " sublime weed ":— The Turks know the secret of growing a tobacco which is to the American production as the light champagne of France is to the heavy stout of Dublin. This most delicate of tobaccoes is a highly-developed and ctherealised thing in the weed way, and one in which thegrosser qualities of itsecm to have no part. It was this divine product which extracted from Byron the exclamation, " Sublime tobacco!" when he burst into song over it, as he did over the Sainian wine, and over much else that was good only in his way of thinking. The golden leaves of this tobacco an? pressed into cakes or cut into fine shreds In the latter shape it is used largely for cigarettes, which form of smoking had here its birth and along time of usage before its common adoption elsewhere, and every where. In the shape of a cigarette, also, it obtained and holds that feminine patronage so generally given to it in Turkey, Greece, Egypt, and elsewhere. America gave tob.vcco to the world, over which it exercises an influence potent as alcohol and powerful as an additional passion to our common nature. Such a new power in the world should.be studied, and its exercise cultivated if it cannot, be controlled. The better part in this world-wide use of tobacco has been chosen by both the Japanese and the Turks. These people are alike iti using the weed in that lighter and liner form in which, like the tea as made by the Chinese, it may be said to cheer but not inebriate. Byron noticed this when lie tells of tobacco as "cheering the Turkman's rest." ; , k r. . ,. .• •.,. ; ; • The Turk roduces tobacco-smoking to 'a fine art, much as DeQuincey proposed in that way to consider murder. He spiritualises his tobacco, and having gota'soul into it, he doubly purifies the soul.ii) fashions purgatorial. It passes not. his lips until it'has passed first through fire and secondly through .water-:—a purged and sublimated ghost of a smoke in which those accustomed to tobacco elsewhere can' hardly recognise it! 