A:Bloc hoad.. Eugene Bioc,. a fourteen.year old lad, living in Paris, fell in love with a plaster ciet of Venus which occupied a position iný his fa'her's house. For h(,urs he would sit and gazi at the inanimate figure, and when she failed to reciprocate his aff. ction he went into a decline. Hee negltctei hi btudies, and finally his father got mail and smashed Venus all up into cl- unk.. When the boy saw his -lveld Lne thus harshly treated, he went to his room, twistel a sheetb about h-s neck and gave up the ghost. It is coming tn a pretty pass when a young *man cannot find anything better than a statue to fall In love with, and the. quickor he goes off somewhere and d es, the better it will be for him. At, the play the other night, . She, a vision of delight, Our hearts haid set a-thim1iog by her glances; S But the charm was soon dispelled, l For a boy behind us yelled "Oh golly, Eee the way that grandma S dances." . . . A clergyman 'lad been taking an eager part fn a cricket match on Saturday, 'and next morning thoughts of the stirring con test would creep in ; for much to the amuse ment of some hearers, he said very solemnly after the first lesson, "H eie enideth the first PiniDga."' . : ; i~, ? ?n - ?ience a east 0or da? n in ` arnica and humility, than he should expose himself to contempt and ruin by a suit. He thought that if the young min should cease his visits to Miss Clutterbuck, and proceed no further ,in his process relative to the owner of the bull; the case against him of forcible .eotry into Mr. Clutterbuck's grounds might be compromised. The jus- . tice is waiting to hear the young gentlemnan's reply before: proceeding to extremities. "t As to the bullmatter," said the justice, "I am constitutionally bound (ii my view of duty and according to a literaI construction, for I am a literal construotionist) not to take 'any action at-.all, owing to personal interest in the case. The fact is, it's:mjy bull;, and he'll wait till-for a long time, before I- de cide in my own case. against myself." •Tne subject is very complex, but we think on general principles the justice is right. on semP points. aind pretty nearly right on others. 