f fliScdIeaneoetw. Two .Kinds of Courage. General Porter -Shows Which Variety. i Entitled To Most Praise. General Horace Porter contributes an article to the Century on "The Philosophy of Courage," from which we quote as follows: " Indifference to danger is not always the form of courae which should entitle it pos. sessor to the highest credit. It is a negatvre virture as compared with the quality which enables one to perform a dangerous duty while reali.ing the full measure of the peril encountered. "These two traits are best illustrated by the old story of the two soldiers whose regi ment was charging up a hill in a desperate attempt to capture a battery. When half way up, one of them turned to the other and said: ' Why, you're as pale as a sheet; you look like a ghost: I believe you're afraid.' ' Yes, I am,' was the answer; ' and if you were half as much afraid as I am you'd have run long ago.' It is something higher thann physical courage, it is a species of moral courage, which recognises the danger and yet overmasters the sense of fear. When the famous mine in front of Petersburg had been completed, and the National troops drawn up ready to charge the enemy's works as soon as the mine had done its work in creating a breach, the signal was given just before daylight, the fuse was lighted, and the command stood waiting with intense anxiety for the explosion which was o follow But seconds, then minutes, then tens of minutes passed, and still no sound from the mine. The suspense became painful, and the gloom of disappointment overspread the anxious faces of officers and men. The fuse had been spliced about midway. It was now thought there was a defect in the splice, and it was at this point that the fuse was hbng ing fire. The day was breaking, the enemy was becoming alert at sight of our unmasked columns, there was not a moment to be lost. Lieutenant Doughty and Sergeant Sees, of the Forty.eighth Pennsylvania In fantry, now volunteered to examine the fuse. They entered a long dark gallery which led to the mine, and without stopping to calcu late thechances of life, calmly exposed them selves to one of the most horrible forms of death. With no excitment to lend them its intoxication, with nothing to divert their minds from the fate which seemed to await them, they followed the course of the fuse through the long subterranean passage found the defect at which the spark had been arrested, and made a new splice. On their return the match was again applied, and the the train was now prompt to do its deadly work. These men displayed even a higher order of coirage than those who afterwards charged into the breach." 