Wfa ^mhm ®mútt. TUESDAY JULY SI, 18SS. TnE Australian Mutual Provident Society is a public institut on in whoso well- being many thousands oi Australian families are deeply involved, [ta ail'airs have on the whole been condtcted with exemplary care, and its uniqu position as a provident institution obtains world-wide recognition. The constitution of the society is popular, and founded upon the true representative principle. The di: ectors are elected by the ballot of the entire constituent body of members, and the board ia just as truly representative of ti 3 society as the Parlia- ment of any self-g verning colony is repre- sentative of its popio. The late board, admittedly with the best intentions, initiated a scherni for providing retiring allowances. Und r that scheme the society entered ii to a contract with its officers which the 1 ¡ghost legal authorities in New South YY/tlea have pronounced a legal and valid contract. The board's ob- ject was to attract to and retain for the society's service ti 9 most competent and trustworthy men. The scheme was, how- ever, objected to by a majority of the members at the las year's anuual meeting, and by what may be termed a plébiscite ballot throe directt rs were then elected as opponents of what vas not unjustly stigma- tised as a system of pensions. The new boavd therefore immediately proceeded to undo the work of its predecessors, and to make other and bet er provision for insuring the eiliciency of he service. Unable to deny, however, 1 îat a contract, existed between the HOC« ty and its oilioers, the boavd induced ti î otlicers to surrentler their legal claims n order to introduce a provident scheme 1 oder which the fund for retiring allowance would be raised by a contribution of tro and a-hnlf per cent of the salary of every ollicer in the service. ] ut the moral and legal claims whi:h had been created under the old syste u could not be ignored, and the board, ti orefore, recommended grant by the society of £2.r>,000 towards the provident furn' in satisfaction of these claims. This rec immendation was em- bodied in a though ful and carefully drawn report, and fuibmit sd to the annual meeting of the society hel 1 in Sydney last month. Unfortunately tin attendance at that meeting waa mer. re, in fact contemptibly small ; and after a discussion in which the notorious Mr. Join M'Elhone made one of hia characteristic: Hy florid speeches, an amendment move by him rejecting the provident scheme, ntl practically censuring the directors, was arried on a show of hands by 22 votes to f>. Mr. J. T. Walker, whose exertions : 3 a director are widely recognised in Quee island as well as in New South YY'ales, then upon demanded a ballot, in conformity wi h the by-laws, anti the meeting was coi«rquently adjourned until Wednesday, 1 "itlt August, to allow time for tlie opinions of tb members throughout the colonies to be takt 1. Some misapprel ension appears to exist as to the nature of this ballot. Under the society's by-laws i doesnot involve an appeal to tlie constitue it body in the sanio sense as an appa 1 is made by a Ministry in a Parlirment ry election. The only case in which mch an appeal is pre- scribed ¡a in the < ection of directors. The board refused ) recognise tho forty-one persons who vote 1 at the meeting referred to as representin; tlie great body of mem- bers of tlie sosie! ', and it therefore deter- mined to submit he question to the ballot as provided by t e 4th by-law. Under that by-law the que tion is lirat decided by a show of hands it a meeting in which each person has one v to ; but when a ballot is demanded ever; member has a vote for each £100 in vhich he is assured up to £2000. At n xt month's meeting the voting will bs 'holly by members present, either personall ' or by proxy. Proxy forma-not bal >t papers-are therefore being distribute among the branch offices throughout the olonies ; and any member desiring to vtUi .will have to send one of | these or other^jj m of authority in writing to his proxy tt represent him at the meet- ' ing. This proceeding may not be what many members deshe, but it is the pre- scribed course, and no other method of taking a member's vote could, we believe, be adopted, without exceeding the authority confened by the by-laws. The late board seem to have eriedou this point when their proposal to open a London office was vetoed at the annual meeting last year. No doubt Rule 45 empowers the directors to hold a ballot " in such manner and at such time aa the boaid shall appoint ;" but that authority does not me.ui that they may incur the formidable expense of a plébiscite ballot whenever a small majoi-ity at a meeting of forty-one pei sons wishes to reject the deliberate recommendations of the boaid. In this matter the directors, like a Ministiy of the day, have acted within their authoiity, and they will not accept a vote of censure which must involve dismissal. And their stand is a proper one, for if it be once admitted that the proceed- ings of the board may be annulled by a plébiscite vote, the doom of the society may be regarded as sealed. It is the membera' function and privilege to elect competent and trustworthy direc- tors, but it is for the íespousible board and not the body of members to manage the atTairs of the society. Mr. M'Elhone's proper course would be to call a meeting of the society under rule l8 and attempt to remove the diiectors fiom oflice ; for if they have, after searching inquiry and long de- liberation recommended a scheme unac- ceptable to the members of the society, they ought at once to be relieved from oflice. And if through any misadventure Mr. John M'Elhone's amendment on their report should be carried the board must imme- diately retire. Such a dismissal of directors would be a catastrophe from which the society could never wholly recover. The directors are the members' servants, but it is a sound maxim that an employer must either trust hin confidential servants or dismiss them. The adoption of Mr. M'El- hone's amendment must therefore be fol- lowed by further action, for it would form such a record of want of confidence tliat if the directors did not retire it would be the duty of the members to at once pass a reso- lution of dismissal. With respect to the ptovident scheme, we believe it is one of the best measuresever sub- mitted to any society. Based upon the plan of the most modern provident funds of banks and kindred institutions, ita value in secur- ing an experienced and trustworthy official staff can hardly be o vet-rated. The £2 j,000 proposed to be given by the society to start the fund is no more than a graceful acknowledgment of undoubted claims lawfully inclined by the foi mer board. It is a large sum; neveitheless it is really, as the report points out, equivalent to only one shilling and eightpence upon each ,£100 assured by the society. The boYid occupy an unassailable position, and they would have but invited and nietited defeat had they yielded to the fallacies, solicitations, or threats of so notorious a disturber of the public peace as the mover of the amendment. TUB career of the sprightly and accom- plished adventuress known as " Mrs. Gor- don Baillie" seems to have reached to about ita close, at any rate under her present pseu- donym. That career waa in several respects a rather remarkable one, and bore eloquent witness to the proclivity, inherent in us all, of being (to use a popular phrase as ex- pressive as accurate) " bamboozled." It is to be added that this proclivity, when taken under the shape of a good-looking and fascinating member of the opposite sex, often achieves results which strike the un- initiated as bordering on the incredible, not to say the miraculous. This was a case in point,andthenumberof " graveand reverend eigniora" who fell victims to the fascinations of the Scotch Circe has added an element of comicality to the latest phase thereof which must be described as simply delicious. The subject of these few remarks was bom of poor but presumably honest parents at Dundee, in Scotland. Her mother, as a Ii»go number of "society" people both at home and here have learned with a shudder, was a washerwoman. Perchance in some retired thoroughfare of the city whose name has a world-wide fame in connection with a great and " bonnie" Jacobite leader and a local firm's superlative mat malades, the homely advertisement card of "Mangling done here" atill invites an unsuspecting public to hand over its surplus underlinen to the tender mercies of that respectable progenitor. The other progenitor, whether respectable or the reverse, has not so far managed to attain to any share in the celebrity of his offspring, but, like "the rude foiefathers of the hamlet," sleeps (it is surmised that he sleeps) unknown. It is Wordsworth who remarks that " the child ia father of the man," and it is not perhaps foicing the poet's meaning too much to conclude that the child is also mother of the woman. Subsequent events all tend to show that, at a pretty luily peiiod, the Circean proclivities of the lovely and talented being,began to show themselves. Speculation dwells with a fond eye on the perchance imaginary pictnie of the youth- ful Cleopatra, still quite innocent of her teens, persuading the local and juvenile Maik Antonics (though it was rather the gtave Octaviuses who have since been favoured so successfully with her fascina- tions) to hand over to her prodigious packets of "lollies," or hunks of the succulent anti satisfying shortbread. Bo this as it may, everything goes to show that at a comparatively early period, suitably attired and generously provendered, the futtne championess of the Highland crofters made a small stir in local centres with ber charms ami gay intelligence. Trusting tiadesmcn were induced (most probably against the advice of their more prudent and long-suf t'ering spouses) to make advances of furniture, clothes, and the re°*t hopelessly incompatible with the pay- ment made by a niggatdlv and calcu- lating public for the rectifying of its supei fluous undei linen. " The path of glory leads but to the giave," but the path of the soit of glory which outshines Solomon's, and neither toils nor spins, nor yet pays its bills, frequently ends elsewhere. A flint-hearted magistrate adjudicated that the public morality of the gieit metropolis of marmalades would benefit by the temporary retirement of the local Cil ce into the local gaol, and thither accordingly the went and became, at least to the prejudiced eyes of her victims, "though lost to sight to memory dear," that is to say, expensive. The period that followed on her re-emergence is a period of aiisfsestivt; obscurity. All along, the lovely and talented being seems to iiave been aware of the advantages which a judicious admixture of art can lend to nature Some how or other she managed to pick up a goodly store of what the mistresses of high toned ladies private adventuie schools call "accorapli>huients She could make music fit, as Otliollo put it, "to chai in a bear Tiavels on the Con tment made her familiar with the softei tongues of sweetei climes With that channing Î i'o icic ce for the claims of meie nei i and tun n which has ever distinguished the greatei natuies, she changed hei name from time to time What did it matter9 Mr? Goi don Baillie by any other name would be as sweet Her next authenticated appearance in Fngland then, is in London, where hei change of natue for the first time (it is believed for the firet time), gave to one happy man the light to call this ad mu able creature Ina own This hour of blis3 was short lived Local tradesmen began pie sently to discover that in this ca3e also they had trusted not wisely but too well, and in angry but perhaps natmal un reasonableness, invoked the aid of the laws of their country This invocation seems to hive been vam, and a leading London habeidashpr subsequently confided to the sympathetic attentions of a news papei reporter a hat of the " articles still owing to him One item had iu especial pathos all its own It was, if we remember right, ¿,32 foi " baby linen At a little later period we have signs that the lucky possessor of so much beauty and eueigy fal tel ed in the recognition of Ins supieme good foi tune, 01 it may be that hesanl under the weight of a burden into winch, liku Tennyson s heroine, he felt he " waa not born At anv i ate, he too made an appeal to the laws of his country, and not in vain, for enfranchisement therefrom We ap proach the great and fmal scene of the drama The Highland crofters, languishing under the tj rann> of an oppressive land sys tem, suddenly became aw aie of a fair chara pioness who had arisen, it seemed, pro videntially on their behalf This was a Mrs Gordon Baillie, whose name recalled suggestions of the landed and patriotic gentry of the gallant and Celtic western isles Present!} great guarmtees of her genuine charactei began to be spread abroad Tohn Stuait Bhckie, the amiable and eccentric Edinburgh profes->oi, the eloquent exponent of Scotch Home Rule, the leading htetaiy personage of Auld Reekie, openly declared his adhesión He has since ingenuously declared that he waa "deceived, adding that Mrs Gordon Baillie would hive done as much for " the devil as she did for him The next re markable victim was the susceptible editor of tlie London P< li 1/ 7/ Ga ette, who wrote a nice little illustrated panegyric of the high minded lady phihn thropist who preferí ed to scoin the delights of luxury and society in order to live lubo nous days in negotiating with Australian colom ii Governments for tiacts of landon which to settle her downtiodden country men This was indeed the gi eat scheme, and how neai lythe fan c itiepie /ewe earned it through still causes a slnvei of appie hension to run down the spinal mariow of distinguished Ministerialists further south Mrs Gordon B lillie made hei conquests in Australia on quite aa large a scale as in England A Tasmanian Bishop stood by her to the end, fondly r calling the visits which she remembcied as having been mide by her, then but a child, to lum, then a young man, m the dear old home Can it have been that that respectable progenitot before alluded to sometimes committed to the care of her darling child the tiansportation of her mangled etlorts to the homes of her patrons, and thus "The Crofters Friend was enabled to recall memories of people and places which required oeiilar witness thereof, oi was it simply that the power in her that was strong enough to deceive Professor Stuart Blackie or the devil, was also strong enough to deceive a Tasmanian Bishop, as well as a colonial Governor and several colonial politicians ? AVe cannon tell But the hour when all theae things were to come to an end was at hand suspicions hud been aroused and inquiries weie set on foot in Scotland, which it3iilted m the publication by an Edinburgh paper of the original Dundie escapade, with a pi omise of more to follow Mrs Gordon Baillie led off with an intrepid declaration of libel proceedings, but the cold logic of facts was too strong, and she was forced to succumb llitis the whole fairy edifice collapsed, and fate seems to have dealt it the final blow in a prosecution for fraud which m ty once nioie necessitate a temporary îetnement on the part of the lovel} and talenttd being, though perhaps of a character more painful and protracted than before And tlie moni of it all 1 Whv, what but the eminent gullibility of mankind when si ilfully manipulated ? Also, the mole comforting reflection that howev tr bold and talented, exploitation, whethei monetarj or social or both, is pretty sure in the long run to be found out, exposed, and punished The lion Dr Macgregor, the Administrator elect of the Government of New Guinea, is a passenger by tlie overland tram from New bouth \Aales, and should arrive in Brisbane this morning The Hon John Douglas!, Special Commissioner foi Now Guinea, is on his way South in the steamer Barcoo, so that somo impoitant steps in connection with the government of the new possession w ill in all probability bo taken as soon as the Orders-in Council establishing the sovereignty are re- cen ed Sir S W Grifhth is travelling from Sydney by tiain, and should arrive in Brisbane tins morning The hon gentleman has apparently, on his return from Tip alandoned hi» inten- tion of visiting the Melbourne L,xhibitton A memorandum from the Electno Telegraph Department, under yesterday's date, states that Cooktown advises as follows -" 6pm, man of-war in sight to North " The Government have received instructions from the emigrant despatching officer in Lon- don that the Duke of Argyle, Captain Prentice, left Gravesend on 13th June bound for Queens- land, with 437 immigrants, equal to 407 statute adults. The free single men are, it is stated, apparently well selected, as they are principally young fellows of splendid physique, and their conduct while under the observation of the despatching officer was exemplary. The single men who have been granted assisted passages have also been carefully selected. One is a miner and the rest are men who have been used to farming work and who have friends in Queensland. The single women are highly spoken of. The majority of them look like experienced domestics, and those who have not been accustomed to service are country girls who have been used to farm work. All but four and a-half statute adults in the single women's compartment are free immigrants, and their conduct, like that of the single men, was very satisfactory. The married couples havo also been carefully selected. The parents are nearly all young people, a large proportion of the couples are without encumbrance, and all appear healthy and likely to become good colonists. Seventy- eight statute adults are free immigrants, and bona fide agriculturists; thirteen assisted immigrants are miners who are joining friends already in the colony. Nearly all of the married couples and single men, and a fair proportion of the single women are from Scotland. Dr. Poland is the medical officer m charge, and Mrs M'Keddie occupies the position of matron \t tho Criminal Sittings of the Southern District Court yestorday, before his Honour Tudgo Paul, Norman Duncan and James Slattery wero convicted of assaulting and robbing an old man in Margaret-street, and were each sentenced to ponai servitude for five yeats An elderly man named William Y T Gregson, w ho pleaded guúty to emberaiug the sum of £99, was sentenced to eighteen months' imprisonment, with hard labour Two brothers named Tio, charged with assaulting Win Key, and occasioning him bodily harm were convicted of common assault A sentence of six months' imprisonment, with hard labour, was passed on each of the accused, and they were extended tho benefit of the Offenders' Probation Act Several other cases were disposed of and the court rose shortly after 8 o'clock In the Insolvency Court j esterdav, before his Honour Sir Charles Lilley, C J , Mr Helhcar applied, on bohalf of Theodor KroibLe, of Mit- chell, storekeeper, for a certificate of discharge The application was made under subsection 2 of section 1G7 of tho Insolvency Act, which provides that discharge will be granted to a bankrupt on a special resolution being'passed by his créditais that tho insolvency has arisen fiom circumstances for which he cannot justly be held responsible Tho certificate was granted In Chambers yesterday, before his Honour the Chief Justice, the following matte-s were dealt with -/i ie the will and codicil of Thomas Walker, late of laralli, Concord, New South YYrales, deceased Mi Lilley, instructed by Mr M'Groarty (Ruthnmg's oflice), applied for leave to pass accounts Au order was made to pass, accounts, and allow > per cent on £10,lit, Is uti , also costs of passing and application and extend the time to twelve months foi pass- ing further accounts li ie tho Broughton Consolidated Gold Mining Company, Mr Helhcar applied on summons to enforce pay- ment of calls Order mado as per summons In 1 e the will of Lhzabeth Ball, late of Too woomba, deceased, application to pass accounts Older made to pa s accounts, allow 2 pet cent on £11 >3 and o per cent on £207, also costs of application nnd filing accounts, and to extend tho time for filing further accounts to twelve months. Duraoh v Whipham -Sum mons for the official liquidator to join defen dants estnto as defendant, adjourned uuti Tuday Alex M'Killop, of Maiy borough, licensed victualler, was m Chambers yesterday morning hoforo tho Chief Justice, adjudicated insolvent on hi3 own petition. Tirst meeting, 14th Augu t At the Ipswich Police Court yesterday, hofoio Messrs P Landy and Josiah I rancis, a Lutheran clergyman named Johann Frank was charged by Plios YY Hoey, local registra!, with having at YY albon, witlun the registration district of WestMoretou, celebrated a mnruago between Willum Henry Dance and Amelia Christina Rotschlag, and unlawfully neg'ected to transmit, within one month thereaftei, the original certificate to the registrar for the district, thus committing a brench of section ^0 of the Marriage Act of 18G4 He pleaded guilty, and explained to the bench how he had failed to comply with the provisions of the Act Thobenoh intimated that the otfenco was asenous one, and the low,.»! penally set down for it was a fino of £10 hut under the Justices Act they had power to reduce that amount As they were of opinion that tho offence had occurred moro from oversight than anything else, they would only impose a fine of £2 Tho bench further intimated that if the defendant com- mitted a similar broach in future, the full penalty would be inflicted The " Government Gazette," i«sued on Saturday last contained an announcement that Acting - sergeant R Kutherfoid and Corporal A Smith of the Headquarters Band were reduced to the ranks for having neglected to obey an order given them by their superior oflicet It appears that a special piactiee, which is equivalent to a parade m the other branches of tho Defence Torce, was oiderod for the 11th of last month The order was signed by Major Lyster, Brigade Major, but neither Rnthorlord nor Smith took any notice ot it Pour other members ot the baud who failed to put in an appearance at the practice wero fined, but Rutherford ned Smith homg non-commissioned officers were ¡educed to the ranks Tho following lands will be declared open for selection on the 3rd September -In tho Brisbane land agent s distiict three cancelled agricultural farms, reopened under the Amend ment Aot of 1SS5 m the Ipswich land agent's district one cancelled agricultural farm in the St Lawrence land agent's dis trict, marked oft under the 44th seotton of the Yet of 1SS4 nino agricultural farms m tits pmsli of YYavcrlyof 1 GO acres each in the Gladstone land agent's district, maiked oif under tho 41th section of the Aot two grazing fauns of 1S00 acres each in the resumed part 11 Barmundoo , also foifeited selections m the Herberton and Mackay land agents' districts At the fortnightly meeting of tho South Brisbane Municipal Council, held last evening, Alderman Nott was voted to tho chair in tho absence of the mayor The correspondence was unusually voluminous, there being, inward and outward, no le«s than 11 o letters placed before tho council 1 he usual reports were read and received, and the sum of £1640 S». "d was passed for payment The general mspectu leportod that the work m connection with the now manure depot on the Ipswich-road was going on satisfactorily The chairman reported that the committee appointed to treat with the Tiro Brigade Board with a view ot establishing a firo brigade in St nth Brisbane, had met that body, that their suggestions in referenco to receiving the South Brisbane plant had been favourably enter- tained, and that they would be discus=ed at a full meeting of the board The report of the Ferries Committee w as received, and will be fully dealt with at the next meeting ¡of the council A number of tenders were opened, and eight accepted for as many municipal works in connection with drainage At a quarter past 10 there being still a good deal of husmeas to transact, the council adjourned until next Monday According to invitation, tho members of the Fire Brigade Board met tho lire Brigade Committee of the South Brisbano Council at the offices of the latter yesterday. There were present, on behalf of the councd Alderman Nott and Kennedy, and another The board wero represented bv the Mayor of Brisbane and Messrs Hassell, Horwood, Mac Donnel! and Sayce (secretary) On the motion ol Alderman Kennedy the Mayor of Biohan« took the chair, and stated that he had come in response to an invitation, to arrange with th« council to act vtlth them in establishing a brigade on the South side. Alderman Hrii« nedy stated that a resolution had been passed by tho council that the board should be asked to hand over the plant of the South Brisbane Fire Station to the council, on snell terms as might be agreed upon, and though ho,himself was averse to the division of the brigade, he waa simply there to carry out tlie wwhes of the council to which ho belonged. Mr. Hassell said that there would be no great objection to complying with the request, but he did not think it would be to the advantage of South Brisbane to have the brigade divided. Mr. M.aoDonnell said the question resolved itself into a very simple matter, how to best carry out the wishes of the council. It was no use to argue the question now as to the probable injury it might be to South Brisbano to huve tho brigade divided, especially in the absence of a trained superin- tendent, as well as of a trained aud experienced body of firemen. They could come to no con- clusion in the matter until it had been reported to the board. After further discussion, it was a°reed to report the matter to the board. A meeting of the committee of the School of Arts was held yesterday afternoon, the business being the appointment of sub- committees. There were present :-Mr. R. Dailey, president ; Mr. Hurd, vice-president ; Mr. S*. W. Brooks, treasurer ; Dr. Lyons, Messrs. Woolcock, Shirley, Myers, Keogh, Powell, Horsley, Sutton, and Eondle. It was agreed to hold the general committee meetings on the second Wednesday of each month, at 7.45 p.m., and that the Technical College sub-committee, consisting of Messrs. Shirloy, Keogh, Sutton, Powell, and Horsley, should meet on the first and third Wednesdays of each month at tho same hour. It was agreed that the Library Sub-committoB consisting of Mossrs. Stephens AVoolcook, Brooks, Horsley, Kendle, Myers, Rose, and Dr. Lyons should meet on tlio second and fonrth Thursdays at half- past 1 in the afternoon. The Finance Comraitteo Messrs. Myers, Kendle, Keogh, and Shirley arranged to meet on tho same days as the general committee meetings, at half-past 1. Mr. Brooks having explained the idea of tho proposed home reading club, for the initiation of which a meeting is to be held in the library on Thursday evening next at S o'clock, a sub- committee consisting of Meösrs. Brooks, AVool cock, Shirley, and Horsley was formed to make the necessary arrangements. It -was stated that all ladies and gentlemen who felt any interest in the matter would be yvelcome to attend, and that Mr. E. H. Roo, headmaster of the Grammar School, had promised to intro- duce the subject to tho meeting. The monthly meeting of the Licensed Alc tuallers' Association was hold at tho office, Darragh's Buildings, Queen-street, last even- ing. Besides the president (Mr. P. AThito), Mr. J. R. Taylor (vice-president), Messrs. B. Simmons (treasurer), T. Pickett, John Greaves, Klassen, Gralton, and Pincher (members of committee) were present. Accounts amounting to £36 16s. were passed for payment. Corre- spondence was received from Cooktown, Adelaide, and Townsville, and was ordered to bo suitably replied to. A letter was read from tho secretary tendering his resignation, which was accepted, and it was resolved to insert advertisements in the daily papers calling for applications for the position. A number of accounts in connection with the lato ball wero dealt with, and it was resolved to call a general meeting for Monday night to deal with theso two matters. Tho meeting terminated with the usual vote of thanks to the chairman. At the general meeting of the Commercial Travellers' Association, which was hold at the Australian Hotel last evening, Mr. T. Riding occupied the chair. The only business transacted was the election of one now member by ballot and tho appointment of Mr. Field to a vacant seat on the committee. The weokly meeting of the Christian En- deavour Society was hold last night in the schoolroom of the Wharf-street Bnptist Church. Mr. A. G. AVeller occupied the chair. After the usual opening with praise and prayer, Mrs. G. H. Bu7acott rendered with much taste a piano solo, and a Bolo waB given by Mr. W. H. AVhale. The subject for the evening was " The Streets ofBrisbane; Character Sketches," and several very good papers which hod boon sent in by members were read by Messrs. AVeller, Hughes, and Morris. A duet by Mrs. Bu?acott and Miss Sylvester added greatly to make the evening a success. At the meeting of tho Catholic Young Men's Society, held in St. Stephon's schoolroom last evening, tho lessons which Professor Thompson has been giving in the art of elocution weie continued. An announcement was made that arrangements had been completed for carrying on tuition in mathematics, Latin, shorthand, and bookkeeping, while dramatic and music classes will also be organised, experienced gentlemen having charge of o.ach branch. A mile race for amateurs took place last night at the South Brisbane Skating Rink, and be- tween Ü00 and 700 people were present. There wero twenty-one entries, but exception was taken to one of the would-be competitors-a lad about 13 years of age-on the giound that he was a "professional," seeing that ho was employed at another skating rink in town. The whole of the others who had entered refused to take part in the race if ho were allowed to compete, and he was consequently barred ainidafc a good deal of excitement on the part of his friends. The race was then proceeded with, and was run in five heats, the winners of which were-Robert M'Kenzie, AVilliam Saunders, Thomas Milne, Frede- rick Newman, and William Stanley. The final heat proved very exciting, and was won by Newman, who carne i winner by about a lap, Milne being second, and Saunders third. The other two had dropped out of the contest before its close, find- ing themselves hopelessly beaten. The prize was a trophy of the value of five guineas, and half the entrance feeB, making altogether about £7. To-morrow evening Professor Smith will give an exhibition of scientific skating, including leaping over chairs, and he will also fikato on stilts some 3ft. long. The steam dredge Platypus, which has just undergone a complete overhauling to her hull and machinery, left yesterday morning for the North. She will call at the Burnett River Heads io dredge a channel across the bar, after which she will proceed to Cairns to com- plete the extensive dredging operations already liegun at that port. The barque Shalimar, an old trader io the port, arrived in Moreton Bay on Saturday from London, and was towed up the river on Sun- day afternoon's tide, berthing alongside lleesrs. Parbury, Lamb, and Co.'s Eagle street wharf. She experienced very unsettled, Bqually, and wet weather in running down her easting, and -nee rounding Tasmania has had to contend against a succession of gales veering from north-west to west-south-wost, accompitnied by violent sleet and hail squalls. This caused terrifie high cross seas, and the vessel's decks were continually flooded with water. A fatal accident occurred on the 25th July when the vessel was about 1G7 miles to the north-east by south of Scioky Cape. At 3 . a.m. on that day while an ordinary seaman named William Moonie was with two others on the jib-boom furling the inner jib he was washed overboard by a heavy sea and was j drowned. He was a single man about 20 years of age. i All the horses entered for the Shorts and Nundah handicaps at the forthcomingSaudgate races LIT« accepted. T_8 foilowinir venera! , entries were received by tlio secretary on Satur- day last :-Selling- Rare : Homeless. Sardonyx, Saul, Dynamite, Hippy. Maiden Píate : Pirato King, Mignonette. Greyhound, Dandy, Wax- work, Boomerang, Damit, Lord Atwell. A football match was played. at Bundanba on Saturday, under the Aiiglo- Qusensland rules, between the Blackstone Rovers and Bundanba Unions, and resulted in an easy win for the Unions, hy ~> goals to nil. F. W. Wort captained tho''Rovers, and A. Waugh the Unions. The following played well for (heir respective sides :-A. Waugh, J. Lovell, T. McMurtrie, Ward, and Boyd for the winners ; whilst Wort, Gardiner, Griffith, and Dollan worked hard for the loser?. With reference to tho fire which destroyed the Ithaca Shire Council Chamber on Thurs- day night, tho chairman states that on opening the safe the books and papers, includ- ing a cheque and Mr. Scott's deposit of £5, wero found to be charred in suoh a manner as to render them useless. The safe, for which the council paid about £4ö, was a very poor one, and is said to have been padded with fawJust. At a meeting of f armer3 and others interested in the revival of the cotton industry, held at Ipswich on Saturday afternoon, it wastesolved, after considerable discussion, to request the Government to offer a bonus of £5000 for tho first 5000 yards [ot cotton goods manufactured in the colony, and a 5000-acre grant of land when the factory has been in operation for three years. A deputation will wait upon the Premier shortly to prefer this request. On Friday night a well-atteudod meeting of the ratepayers of Rosalie and WostPaddiugton was held in the Baptist Church, Pernberg-road, to consider the question of the proposed £9000 loan. Mr. A. J. Lucas was voted to tho ohair, and a resolution was proposed by the Roy. W. W. Watts, seconded hy Mr. Robertson, and carried unanimously, protesting against tho manner in which the propossd loan was to bo distributed, and expressing an intention, unless a fair sharo of the loan wero apportioned to Rosalie and West Paddington, to demand a. poll of tho ratepayers under clause 220 of the Local Government Act. The resolution also expressed the opinion that tho shire should ho divided into wards with separato financial responsibility. A committee was appointed, consisting of Messrs. Boys, A. J. Lucas, Goraghty, and Watts, to represent tho views of tho meeting to tho chairman of the council. The meeting was adjourned till Fri- day next at 8 o'clock to receive the report of the committee, lu tho courso of the discussion Councillor Boys explained the part he had taken in opposing the loan, and expressed his concurrence with the views of the meoting. Several ratepayers expressed thomselves very strongly respecting the action of the council. At tho meeting of tho Country Mission Committee held on Friday the colporteur's report was read, showing that, leaving Bris- bano on 19th Juno, he proceeded to North Pine, where a number of familieä wero visited, books disposed of, and Band of Hopo assisted. He then proceeded on to North Pine, doing .similar work ; thon on to Humpybong, where some were mot with who seldomhavereligionsset'vico. Hayes's Inlet, where ho had previously es- tablished a Sunday school, was vibitcd, and services held afternoon and nighr, and each child was presented with a card. Hono.xt pro- ceeded to Caboolture and on to Glaus House, where the people wero collected for wor- ship. Buderim Mountain being reached on Satin-day, service was held in tho morning and school taken charge of. Ho continued visiting in the neighbourhood during the week, holding services and Band of Hope meetings in tho evenings. Mooloolah, YVoodford, Neurum, the Saw . mills (Kilcoy), and Sheep Station Crook were among the next places visited, and tho settlers gave a glad weleomo to the missionary. At some ol' the places Sunday schools which had previously been started by Mr. Beasley were still found in working order ; many people came long distances to the sor vices held hy hiin, ¡tnd tho children wero de lierhtcd with the cards and periodicals issued. The treasurer reported receiving during the last bevon weeks £21 15s. in subscriptions, a pleasing letter accompanying one donation of £5, the donor Baying that the mission was of such " importance that it could not "be allowed to die for lack of appreciation. Indeed, it woidd be much nearer tho necessities of tho caso if we could have six missionaries (instead of one) employed iu tho bush districts whoro thore are no regular ministers." Further help of this kind will be (rladly received by tho treasurer (M. Jamos Grimes), as it is xo?ry desirablo that tim lia- bilities, reaching £70, should be paid off: The members of the Fire Insurance Companies Association will close their offices to-morrow, it being a bank holiday. Excursion tickets will be issued to Dalby on tho occasion of the i aces and show, to take place on 1st, 2nd, and 3rd August, available up to the Gth August. Exhibits will be carried free on the usual conditions. A concert will be given on Friday evouing next by tho choir of the "YVhnrf- street Baptist Church, assisted by a number of ladies und gentlemen connected with the Brisbane Musical Union. _ Teutlei-s are required by the Brisbano Muni- cipal Council for various drainage works ; tenders to bo sent in by Gth August. YValter Hope, of Liverpool, New South YVnles, notifies that he will bo unable to exhibit poultry, A-c., this year at the Coutennial Exhibition of Brisl-nuo. The first and final dividend of 9s. Od. in the pound has been declared ia tho insolvent estate of Charles Reoce, of Brisbane, jeweller. All claims against tho Union Athletic Club must be rendered to the secretary by Monthly next, or they will not be recognised. The annual general meeting of the Royal Geographical Society of Australasia will be held in tlie library of the museum at 8 o'clock this evening, when new mnmhers will bo elected, also officers and council of the society for 188S-9 ; and tho council's report on the operations of the year will be road. . The town clerk notifies that the Municipal Council of Brisbane have a single horse road roller for sale. Tenders are required hy the Ntmdah Divisional Board for repairs to the South Pine River Bridge, Bald Hills, 7th August. The first carnival in connection with the Columbia Skating Rink is fixed for the 14th August. Tenders are invited by Alexander B. YY'ilson, architect, for the erection of brick premises in Stauley-Btreet, loth August. Messrs. H. Frey and Co. (late Schoch, Brugg mau, and Co.) have been appointed to take churge of tho_ interests of the Compajrnie des Messageries Maritimes in Brisbano from this date, a notifica- tion to this effect hy M. A. Coni!, principal agent in Australia and Now Caledonia, appearing iu our advertising columns. A.special general meeting of the Stockman p.c. Gold Mining Company will be held at the coni pany's oflieos, 154 Edwaid-street, on YVetluesday, 22nd August, at 3 p.m., for the confirmation of a resolution passed on the 30th instant. Fred. Newman challenges any amateur skate1 for a two mile race, to tako place at the South Brisbane Skating Riuk within tie next tea days, for the sum of £10. Tlie public time-tables of the Southern and Western Railwny, as recently amended by the Govenior-in-Coiincil, njipeared in a Supplement to the " Government Gazette," published yester- day. Tho various chauges come iulo force to- morrow. Lieutenant-Colonel E. R. Drury, C.M.G., is appointed acting Commandant of the Queensland Defence Force during Colonel French's absence ¡u Melbourne. Wednesday, the Bill August, being the day ap- pointe! for-holding the annual meeting of the Uoekhamptttnt'-TattersaU's Club, is declared a public holiday at Rockhampton. The followinji tenders aie invited in the "Go- vernment fia/ette"of Saturday last, in addition to those notified in our columns of that day : Erection of Po«t and Telegraph oflice at May- town; erection of a morgue ut the hospital, May- town: Friday, 7th -September. Deiiai-tineut'of YYwk». . . 