The Marvellous Island. Bv Saunders F. Nicbolls. II.— The Islet. How long 1 remained senseless I can only guess. It was somewhat past noon when the dog attacked me. It was dark— black darfcness— when I became conscious. ? -A steady, warm rain was falling. It must have been fall- j ing for some time, for my clothes were saturated, and I heard the swish-swash of the water that had fallen into the boat, as she gently rocked with the heave of the sea. I lay where 1 had been struck down, save that my head was inboard, not on the gunwale, where I had struck. I did not move for some seconds, experiencing an exquisite sense of satisfied enjoyments as the blessed rain fell upon my thirsty body. Then the reoollection of the terrible events of the day came to me with a rush, and I struggled to rise. A wet, soft mass lay across my legs and on one arm. It was the dog Bruce. Pushing him off, I was conscious that he was dead Had he bitten me ? I knew not, but that bould nut be helped now. Hal might be. I bent down over him. He was warm ; and as I put my hand upon his chcst I felt it rise and fall gently and naturally. I put my ear down to his face. Yes, the breathing came softly and as that of one in a quiet, restful sleep. He, too, was saturated with the falling rain. Thank God, he was alive and with me still. Had he awoke while I lay un conscious he could have released himself from the rope, and, with the madness upon him, would have gone over board. But he had not, and the deep sleep in which he was now must be the best medicine he could have. I would let him rest undisturbed and awake naturally. My head- pained me, and the hair where I struck the gunwale was matted with blood, but I could not feel that the dog had bitten me anywhere. And now to get a draught of this thousand times welcome rain. My shirt Jwas soaked. I took it off and wrung it into the tin pannikin, and nauseous as the draught would have been at other times it was as nectar to me then. Then I took up some of the flooring of the boat, and set it aslant over the top of the little cask, so that the now heavy rain falling on the boards drained into the hole. Then as fast as my shirt, which I spread, out, became soaked I wrung the water from it into the cask, ever* now and then bending oyer Hal to catch the sound of hie breathing, and with a piece of board I shielded his. face from the heavy drops of rain. So two hours must have passed. There' was only a cat's Eaw of soft wind, and the sea was 'very calm. Once I took old of the dog to thiow him overt -oard, but refrained from doing so, deciding to wait for the tight, so that I might see whether and where the shot had sta uck him. At the end of about two hours the 6ky began to lighten in the east, though the va;n con tinued to fall, and I had caught a considerable quantify, th( i cask being about three parts full. As 1 was engaged seei* ,g to this, being of course stripped to the waist, n cold 1 land gently grasped my shoulder. I started as if shot, bts t ft quiet voice said, ' Why, George, old man, I mui t have been asleep a long time,' and showed me that neii4 er ghost nor madman had hold of me, and I turned to ft id Hal kneeling up, and, thank God, in his right mind. 'So you have, my dearold 'boy,' I said, wringing his hand in a manner that surprised him, and he would have been still more surprised could. Ti .e have seen the tears in my eyes. But I did not at ^1* at time tell him what had really been the matter-, ot what had happened iu regard to himself, leaving hijn to suppose that my noy ful ness was occasioned by the,., glorious rain ; and occupied in drinking draught after dro ught of the water,. Ilal soon for got to wonder at my outb' jrst of affectionate greeting; There was the dead dr jg, however, and I made no secret of his madness and dor tth, though Hal wondered without being quite able to sati sfy himself how it was that the shot had not awakened hir j. The clouds now b egan to roll off in ponderous moun tainous masses befr jre the quivering light shafts of the glowing ball that to pped the waves on ihe eastern horizon. The rain grew less dense, and by the time the sun showed clear above tho sea had ceased' altogether. We had, how ever, nearly filled t our little tiask, and though hungty enough, and, ^ Hal weak from his attack, we were other 'beings to the parcbcd, lifeless lads of the day previous. Before we threw Bruce overboard I oj ;aminod him, and found the shot had struck him full in the throat, juBt below the jaw, making a hole into.whitfa you could have thrust your fist ; so the old dog must hav e died as he reached me. Hardly h»xl his body struck the water when a long, whitey-greeii shape shot out from beneath the boat, and rows of gle» lining teeth gripped the dog, drawing him with a rush and, swirl down out of our sight. 'Ugh!' exclaimed Hal, shuddering, 'that would be our fate b»at for this cockleshell of a boat.' I shuddered, too, [thinking how near that fate had been his butai few hours previously. . A light breeze from the south-east now sprang up, which tempered the heat that succeeded the rain. With the two oars and our two shirts and the light line we rigged a sail, and scudded before it. We had hopes we might make one of the Dutch islands should the wind hold ana we be able to exist for a few days. vTbat day we managed to shoot and pick up a couple of small birds, and .made an unsatisfying meal. All the succeeding night 'we scudded before' a five- knot breeze, sleeping by turn, our ' jackets being quite sufficient covering, the night being warm, despite the breeze that was blowing. When the morning broke I lay asleep, Hal being at the tiller. I waa dreaming, I remember, thai I waa hung in chains over a splendid bouquet, of eveiy delicacy of which I had ever heard, the steaming fragrance ascending into my nostrils, and tantalising ray impotence to approach nearer, when Hal stirred me with his foot, saying in an eager subdued voice, as I opened my eyes — ' There's an island of some sort away over there, ; George.' * | Springing up, I looked towards the North-East, where he waa pointing, and there, not more than three miles distant, was a low, rocky islet, upon the .highest portion of which stood two or three palm-trees, while around it many hundseds of birds were flying. We had passed it, until now, in the dusky light of early , »orning. Perhaps disappointment, was, strange to say, our first feeling; the placo looked so small, and, but for the tree or two on the summit, so sterile. | {To be continued.) , | ? ? ? i In last issue, page 34S, chapter 1, of the ' Marvellous | Island,' line 26, which reads, *''lt wasuot George's,' &q.;, ! should be, ' It was not HaFs,' &c.; j 