ARIUS THE LIBYAN, AN IDYL OF THE PRIMITIVE CHURCH. BOOK I. CHAriEB VII.— Theckla Finds one God and Heareth of Another. — {.Continued ) These things all occurred in a moment, and the ancient, seeing that it had not been the purpose of Arius to inform the maiden con cerning his religion, and that he himself had unwittingly brought about the disclosure of the fact, said unto them, 'Come within and be seated, my children ; I desire to talk to infill nf vnn ' And when they had gone within Ariua set his basket upon the old man's table, saying, 'I have brought unto thee wine, bread, and fruits as a token of my reverence for thine a#e and learning, I desixe to be friendly with thee.' The old man seemed to be much touched by tbe boy '8 speech and manner, and gently an Bwered, ' I thank thee, truly, and far more for thy kind words than for any gifts, Wot often do the ancient enjoy the friendship ot the young, although nothing else on earth can be more pleasant unto them.' ^' But the heart of a Christian needeth re newal,' saidArius, 'if it be not always both young enough to sympathise with the youngest, and old enoughjtosympathise with eventhe very oldest. The very core of our religion is the Agape, a love which is not measured by age nor accident, but goeth out freely to every oae that needeth it.' The old man looked upon the boy with wonder, saying — 'That is beautiful, indeed; there is no such truth in any other religion.' And the girl said—' That is good and strong, Arius, although it be a Christian dogma.' Then the ancient said— 'I desire that ye listen to me carefully for a moment, and thou especially, Theckla. Children, I am nigh upon fourscore years of age. My name is Amnem hat. In mine infancy I wasjplacedin the great temple at Thebes, and dedicated to the service of Amen-Ra, Mut, and Kuhns, the Theban triad. My family was ancient and honorable in Egypt, and their influence and wealth opened the way for me to all priestly honors and learning. I remained in that temple fifty years, during twenty-five of which I waa a priest, and I gradually mastered all the wis dom, learning, and mysteries of the priesthood until my fellows determined that I should be elevated to the highest rank in the sacerdotal Bervice, and I was ordained and inaugurated to be high priest at Ombos, where I continued for fiveand-tsventy years longer. The trial which throughout all Egypt is worshipped as Hesiri Hes and Horus, we at Thebas wor shipped as Amen-Ra, Muts and Kuhns, and at Ombos as Ptah-Puknt and Imhotep. Bat. while during all these years I exercised the functions and exhausted the learning of the priesthood, I for ever sought after ftU-t, the Goddess of Truth, she that in her own hall in the lower world is called Two Truths, by whom tbe dead are judged. Dost thou kaotv some thing of the fearful Ma-t, young Theckla I1' 'Yea,' answered the girl, with a par ceptible shudder, 'I know her well, and tremble at the dreadful thought of her. So wise ! so hard aud piti less ! so tearless, aud ytt so juet ! The terrible Ma-t, without mercy, incapable of love, un moved by hate, implacable, emotionless, tha fearful judge, the Truth !'' ' Then listen to me, child. I worshipped through all these lonely years as a faithul, conscientious priest, and memorised the book of the dead, and studied the mysteries of medi cine, of astronomy, and of mathematics, and sought unceasingly to know the awful Ma-t ! Dost thou think that I am one who ought to know whether any of the gods of Kem are true or false?' Then Theckla fell upon her knees before the ancient priest, and lifting her little hands to him she cried — 'Yea, father, thou knowest! Ancient, honorable, learned priest, thou knowest ! Teach thou Arius to believe in the three great gods, to seek the awful Ma-t, and to abandon the pernicious Christian faith, foe thou art wise, thou knowest all 'the truth !' 'Listen then, Theckla. 'Five years ago, driven by the quenchless cariosity of an un satisfied but earnest soul, i caused to be brought before me one. who preached to men of Jesus Christ of 'Nazareth, because I had heard that these Christians were irreclaimable from the errors of their superstition, and I desired to test the question whether they could be persuaded to return unto the old religion. I kept him with me many days, while we dia cussed these things, aud then sent him from me unconvinced. And afterward I fled from tbe temple secretly in an open boat in which I had placed my most valuable possessions, and floated down the Nile. Thence I wandered along the coast to Alexandria, where, for a great sum, secretly I purchased all the sacred writings of the Jews and Christians, and after many dare more of wandering along the coast I found this spot, and have since then dwelt here alone, still seeking for tbe truth. For— art thou listening to me, Theckla ?— a horror of great darkness had fallen upon my soul. I know that Amen Ra, Mut, and Kuhns are not true gods ! Apis is nothing but a bull ; Anubiff is only a jackal ; Sebek is a crocodile and nothing more ; and even the most ancient gods, if there be any truth in them at all, are only the visible emblems of some higher truth which the very priests have forgotten, if, icdeed, they ever knew it, I have hoped and half expected to find that this uukaown truth, this ' hidden' thing which is not Hapi, might be that which the Christians promulgate ; bat this I do not know. Nevertheless, my child, I tell thee that the gods of Kem are no true gods ; and I counsel thee to learn of Arius that which he believeth '. For falsehood is not profitable, and I realise that all my days have been consumed in learning aud in teaching only errors, and it is sad and terrible.' Both of them heard the old man's confession with awe and sympathy, and when, overcome by strong emotion, he had ceased to spaak Theckla gave way to a passionate burst of tears ; but as soon as she could regain her self control she turned to the ancient, and with strange earnestness exclaimed, ' O Father Anvnf-m- hat, high and honorable priest, hast thou too become a Christian ? 'Nay,' replied the old man solemnly, 'I bave only learned the bitter lesson that the gods of Egypt are all false. I have not found a true God yet, if any such there be.' ' Thou shalt yet find him,' cried Arius, ' to the joy and consolation of thy spirit, and thine old age shall be filled with the peace of God that passeth all understanding; for he that seeketh findeth, and to him that knocketh shall it be opened.' Then they were all silent for a time. Then seme of the kids came up to the door, and Theckla, oppressed with the sadness and (solemnity of the last few minutes, sprang up, crying out — ' O the pretty, happy kids ! May I go out and play with, them ?' And the old man, with a pleasant smile, answered, 'Yea, .my child, if thou wilt not leave the plateau,' And Theckla bounded out of the house, and was soon engaged in a lively romp with the sportive young goats. Chapter VIIL— Who is Hapi? The absence of Theckla gave Arius the opportunity he desired to call out from Am nem-hat a fuller expression of certain theological ideas suggested by the ancient during their first conversation, the remembrance of which had been the subject of frequent meditation ever since; and the boy said — 'Since I last saw thee, Jtather Am-nem hat, many circum stances have combined to prevent me from giving to the things which i heard from thee j that careful consideration which I desired to bestow upon them ; yet I have pondered much upon those philosophic views which thoa didst utter concerning the dualism of God. I desire to hear mote fully thereof ; for although I know that Christianity is, for the most part, a prac tical, experimental thing, concerning the heart and the life of a man rather than a philosophi cal or theological system, concerning which Jesus himself had naught to say, as if he pre ferred to leave dogmas and ceremonies to the Scribes and Pharisees, so that it is possible for oue to be a genuine and faithful Christian with little knowledge of philosophy or of science, yet it behoves the young especially to seek for information concerning every question that can i arise out of the faith,' 'Thou must understand,' said Am-nem-hat, ' that I do not assume to be a teacher of thy religion. Being set free from the bondage of Egyptology, and left, as it were, without any religion tor the last five years, I have given much time and Btudy to Christianity, reading I tbe Scriptures, of coarse, by the light of all j that I have learned of other systems, and seek ing only to discover the truth. There is one thing which I had long supposed to be true which recent thought and investigation seem to establish beyond any great room for doubt. That thing is the fact that the old Egyptians believed the human spirit to be of divine origin, engaged throughout earthly life in a warfare between good and evil, and . that its final state was determined after death by a solemn judgment rendered according to tbe deeds . done in the body. . Tois warfare continued through all the dynasties alike . until during the eighteenth dynasty, tbe priesthood, fearing that the principle, or god of evil, was about to triumph, got together and obtained a royal decree, ratified by the sacerdotal order, to banish Seth (the evil god) out of Egypt, and out of the religion of Kem ; but this action failed to have that salutary in fluence which had been expected from it. Tae fact iteelf was, perhaps, the most singular one in Egyptian history ; but our sacred records leave no doubt that the royal and sacerdotal authorities united in a solemn decree for the banishment of Seth, in order to secure the future safety of the human souI. I have just as little doubt that originally they believed in one supreme God, who was con ceived of as a dual being, combining in himself both the poles of spiritual sex- hood perfectly, and giving birth to a third divinity, by which the triad, that is con stantly repeated under different names, was made complete. Hence I declared to thee that nothing could save the Christian faith from the imputation of polytheism except the assumption that the God of the Christians, like the original myth of all primitive faith, hath in himself a double spiritual sexhood, of which Christ is the Son, 'begotten,' not created; 'conceived,' not made; divine, be cause as the son of man is human the Son of God must be divine. If this is not true, then the Christ of these Scriptures, no matter how pure and exalted he may have been, was either a created being, or else he was only a mere appearance, a mere simulacrum, of Deity, a pious fraud, who merely seemed to live among men, and to die for their justification, but did not do so in reality.' The old man paused at this point, but the boy keeping steadily in view the matter which had aroused his own interest in the conversation, said, 'But are there any proofs of the divine dualism and trilogy of which thou hast so confidently spoken ?' 'I think so,' said the ancient, ' but the original idea has been overlaid and hidden for countless centuries by the myths and symbolisms and external ceremonies devised by ancient priests to express them for the common people, and the priests themselves perhaps only dimly perceived the original truth, and regarded the symbolism itself as true — a most bare and flagrant idolatry. For when, at some indefinite yet very remote period, religion became blended with govern ment and the priests sought rather to control public affairs than to maintain a true worship, the religious idea became so degraded that the sun, which was originally only the symbol of a higher unseen God, was mistaken for a God itself, and worshipped as such ; and this degradation increased with ages, until finally any one who could build a sculptured sarcophagus and pay for the embalming pro cesses, ritualistic prayers, incantations, charms, and ceremonies, was declared to be in Hesiri justified. According to the inscriptions on the sepulchres no rich man was damned, and re spectability on earth and salvation after death were dependent upon money alone. There was nothing to be done in the way of restraining one's self from evil, nothing to be done in the way of active benevolence. The chief business of an Egyptian's life was to acquire sufficient wealth to build a costly tomb, and the most expensive event in a man's ex perience was his funeral. Hence the rich were all saved, and the poor were mostly con demned without regard to personal character and action. Yet all the while the most pious and learned of the priests clearly perceived, even through the mists of error, superstition, and selfishness, which debased the ancient faith, the primitive truth that God was one — a dual being that was to become a triad by the generation of a Son ' ' I think,' said Arius, ' that I comprehend the argument; yet I desire to hear the proofs of this divine dualism more explicitly stated.' *'' The proofs thereof, derived from the dualism in the original faith of the most ancient races, as the Egyptian, Indian, and Chinese, and from the fact that the monotheist Manes, or Moses, called his one God by a name which is the dual or plural number of a Hebrew noun, have already been suggested to you. But, in the ancient religion of Egypt, this dualism pervaded the whole system every where. There was even a dual name for everything— the one common, the other sacred or hieratic. The ancient name of Egypt, ' Kem,' signified both the ' Black-land ' and also the 'black man' or people. The local name, Mizraim, was a dual word, signifying both upper and lower Egypt, in which 'To mehit' was the north-land, and 'To-res' the south-land, and the sacred name of the river, which the Greeks call the Nile, was ' Hapi ;' and the same word was applied to Apis, the bull god : and in both cases the word was used to denote 'the hidden,' 'the concealed,' the source of the Nile being believed to be undiscoverable. and the being of whom Apis was originally the symbol being yet ' hidden,' ' unrevealed.' No matter where, or by what name, the one supreme, self -existent, self-productive Creator of all things was wor shipped, he was originally worshipped as a dual entity, a double god, at once father and mother of a third manifestation that was always a son. Primarily Apis, 'the hidden,' 'the concealed,' simply meant that this third person was yet unrevealed ; but just as Ra (the sun), originally the symbol of the one God, became substituted for God himself, afterward Apis becomes the real 'hidden' thing, of which he was primarily only a symbol, and bis spiritual form seems to have become Horus. Yet Ra is rarely asso ciated with a female consort ; but, when he is so, it is always with a female Ra, and never with an inferior being. But, even after this idolatry be came established, the higher priests preserved the original idea of a dual god, to be made a triad by tha generation of a eon ; and every where in Egypt, no matter by what local names their gods were called, this trilogy- was affirmed in every temple. The very essence of the ancient Egyptology, therefore, is the idea of one dual god that becomes a trilogy by the generation of a son. The same thins is true of the most ancient form of the Indian and Chinese polytheisms. Thou must perceive, therefore, that in the original faith of all the primitive nations the Divine Being is Father mother, which is one dual God. and a son. If, therefore, the Christian religion presents the idea of a spiritual dualism made a trilogy by the generation of a son, it maintains the very idea of the Deity, which is the core of all the primitive religions— Egyptian. Indian, Chinese, and, I think, Jewish, also.' 'If then art not weary,' said Arius, 'I would desire much to hear thee declare how these views, which are entirely new to me, agree with thy reading of our sacred books.' ' I will cheerfully state the result of my in vestigations,' said the ancient, ' again re minding thee that I read them only as I have done the sacred books of every other people known to me, and not as one having any especial authority to declare the meaning thereof.' ' I know perfectly well as to that,' said the boy, 'but desire to know what thou hast found therein in reference to this opinion of thine.' 'I have found first, as I have already sug gested, that Moses, who was a monotheist, and a bitter enemy of all polytheistic ideas, con stantly uses the plural number of a Hebrew noun to name the one God in whom he believed. According to the prophetic portions of the Jewish Scriptures, I find that the son of God was to be born of a virgin, and the trilogy was to be manifested to man by the incarnation of this son. Now, in the sacred books of the ChrotianB, the four called GoBpels, Christ ia always called the Son of God, and Jesus is called Christ. Uniformly that which stands in the same relation to God that was attri buted to tbe eattbly manifestation of the divine nature by all original faiths is the Christ ; that which in the Christian system occupies the same relation to the divine nature which was borne by the feminine side of the dual God of all the original faiths is called the Holy Ghost. This ex pression (Holy Ghost) occurs two hundred and twelve times in the New Testament, and in every instance the words are in the Greek neuter gender, which, expresses nothing as to sex. The common declaration concerning Christ is that he was ' begotten ' of God : a man is begotten of his father ; he was ' conceived ' of the Holy Ghost : a man is conceived of his mother. My interpre tation therefore must be that these Scriptures teach us that the one God is a divine dualism, a double spiritual Being, the Father-Ghost, and that the Christian trilogy is completed by the generation of a son of this Father-Ghost, which is one double God ; and that as far as sexhood can be predicated of a spiritual nature, Christ, the Son, is a spirit begotten and conceived of God his Father- Mother, by whom the worlds were made, and who was afterward manifested in the flesh by assuming human nature. This is what thy Scriptures teach me, I know not whether it be true, but it is a glorious state ment of that which was the original faith of all primitive peoples before mankind lapsed into idolatry ; for every high priest in Egypt as suredly knoweth that polytheism was not the first faith of men.' ' But,' said Arius, 'is not the Holy Ghost called 'he' in the paragraph from John which readeth— 'And I will pray the Father, and He shall give you another Comforter, that He may abide with you for ever ; the Spirit of Truth, whom the world can not receive, because it seeth Him not, neither knoweth Him ; but ye know Him, for He dwelleth with you, and shall be in you' ; and in that passage which readeth as follows — 'But the Comforter, the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, He sEhall teach you all things ;' and do not these readings conflict with your idea that the name of the third person in the Christian triad ex presses nothing as to sex ?' 'I think not so,' answered the ancient, ' because it is evident that in these places the only thing that can be meant by the ' Holy Ghost' and the ' Spirit of Truth' is the Paraclete, the Comforter; and while the Greek word for 'comforter' is a noun of tha masculine gender, the words 'Holy Ghost' and 'Spirit of Truth' still retain their neuter foizn, although put in apposition with it ; and the pronouns 'he' and 'him' take their masculine form from the word 'comforter' and not from the words 'Holy Ghost' and 'Spirit,' which are always neuter, and express nothing as to sex. Besides this I do not find anywhere in the Scriptures any characteristics which ate essentially mascu line ascribed to the Holy Ghost, and I do find many which are essentially feminine.' 'Wilt thou state any other argument, if there be any, that maintaineth this grand idea of a dual God that becometh a triad by the generation of a son ?' (To he continued.) 