A PR-OFOUND MYST ERY, PART THIRD, CHAPTER III. HOW THEY MET. I He is Sir Victor Catheron.l Oh,' said Bpbby, ' Sir Victor Catheron, is he 1 I thought he was a heavy swell.' And then his eyes took in Edith's very handsome face, and very plain dress and evident station, and he formed his own surmise. 'Perhaps, now, miss, you knows where he ought to be took I' 'No,' she answered, mechanically,: 'I don't know. If you search his pockets you will most likely find his address. You-you don't really think he is deadV She came a step nearer as she asked the question, her very lips colourless. An hour ago, it seemed to her, she had almost wished for his deah. Now it seemed too horrible. And to meet it saving her, too, after all her thoughts of him. She felt as though she could not hear that. b Well, no, miss; I don't thinik he is dead,' the chemist answered, :though I must say he looks uncommon like it. There's something more the matter with him than this rap cn the 'ead. Here's his card case, now let's see, 'Sir Victoir Catheron, Bart., Fentomn's 'Otel'. Fe'i ton's 'Otel, Bobby. I say, let's horder a cab, and 'ave him driven there.' 'Somebody ought to go with' him,' said X 2001. 'I can't go--you can't go. I don't suppose, now, miss,' looking very-doubtfully at Edith, 'you could go neither I' ' Is it necessary ?' Edith asked, with very visible reluctance. ' Well, you see, miss, lie looks un-' commonly like i stiff 'un this'minute, and if he was to die by the way. or hannythink and halone--' 'I will go!' interrupted Edith, turn ing away with a shudder, ' call the cab • at once.' A four..wheeler was summoned. .The' insensible young baronet-:was carried: out, and laid as comfortably as might be. on the back seat. Edith follow'ed, un-' utterably against her will; but how wasi she to help it . He was her worst enemy | -common humanity at times must be shown. It would be brutal to let him. go alone. "Don't youLbe afraid, miss,' the chemist said, cheerfully; 'he ain't dead yet. He's only stunned like, and will come round all right directly.' ' Fenton's, Bi!l ',broke in the police man, and the cab rattled off, OHAPTER IV.: " HOW THEY PARTED. That'ride! All her life it came back ltoher lika a bad nightmare Sh kepx, her eyes irned away as snucisas sh e '. $ eron'\taiu jit:n -was.-.,, r·i; Cwt: rI. was dyin Death was pictureda inhis facer What if, after all, there was someI secret strong enough to maike his con. diuct in leaving her righct She had thought it over, and wondered and wondered until her brain was dazed, but could not hit on any solution. She could not now-it was not right. What ever the secret was, he'had known it before he married her.. Why had he not left her then ' why, in'leaving her atter, had he not explained' ; There was no excuse for hiim-none; and inspite0of the white, worn :'face tlatpleaded for him, her heart ihardene'd once more-. hardened until she' felt. neither pity nor pain. They reached the hotel. Jamison, the valet, came down, and recoiled at sight of his master's long"lost wife. ' My lady I' he faltered, staring as thouglh he had seen a ghost.... ' Your master has met with an acci dent, Jamison,' Edith :said, :'calmly ignoring the title. How oddly it sounded to: her ! 'You had' better have him conrveyed to his room and send for a surgeon. And if 'Lady Helena be in town---' 'Lady, Helena; is in town. Will Jamison hesitated; ' wil you not come in, my lady, and wait until her.ladyship comes . Again for a moment Edith hesitated and thought: It would be necessary for some one to explain. She could-not go : aay, either, without knowing whether :the- injury he had received was fatal or not, since that injury was received in her service. She set her lips and alighted. B '··1will remain until Lady Helena arrives;" Pry- lose no time in, sending f-d.hf?, ' e-. ,l 'I.ill send immediately, my lady,' aibw er?dl Jtimtnison,respectfully. 'Thmoni sbon '--to a waiter-'show this lady-to a parlour at once' SAnd then Edith found hgreelf fol lowing a gentlemanly sort of. man in black down a long hall, by a great staircase, along a carpeted carridor half a mile in length, and into an elegant private parlour. The man lit the gas and went, and then she was alone. She sat down to think, What a strange .adventureit had been She had-wished for freedom; it seemed as though it were near at hand. She shuddered and shrank trom herself. -' What a wretch I am ! ' she thought 'What a vile creature I must be! It he dieseI shall feel as though I had murdered him; How long the hours and half- hours told off on the clock-seemed. Eight nine-ten! Would Lady Helena never come1 It was a long way to St. John's-wood, but she might surely be here by this time. It was half:past ten, and tired out with thinking, tired out with her day's work, she had fallen into a sort of uneasy sleep and tfiiul dream in her chair, when she suddenly bteame half conscious of some one near by. She had been dreaming of Sandy\ point-of quTrrelling with her cousino. ' Don't Oharley,' she said, pettishly, aloud, and the sound of her own voice awoke her fully. She started up, bewildered for a second, and found herself face to face with Lady Helena-scith Lady Helenas looking very pale and sorrowful, with tear-wet eyes and cheeks. She had been watching Edith for the past five minutes silently and sadly. The girl's dream was pleasant-a half smile part-d her lips. Then she had moved restlessly. 'Don't, Charley,' she said, distinctly, and awoke. It was of him, then, she was dream ing-thoughts of him had brought to her lips that happy smile. The heart of the elder woman contracted with a sharp sense of pain. .'Lady Helena' 'Edith!' She took the girl's hand in both of her own and looked kindly at her. She had liked her very much in' the days gone by, though she had never wished her nephew to marry her. And she could hardly blame her very greatly under the circumstances if her dreams were of the man she loved-not of the bride. groom who had left her. * I-I think I feil'asdeop,;Edith said, confusedly. 'I was very tired, and it all seemed so quiet and tedious here. How is he 1' .'Better, and asleep;. they gave him an opiate. He knows nothing of your being here. It was very good of you to come, my child.' ' It was nothing more than a duty of common humanity-it was impossible to avoid coming,' Edith answered. And then, briefly and rather coldly, she narrated how the accident had take[, place. 'My poor boy !' was all Lady Helena said, but there was a heart sob in every word. 'He would die gladly to save you a moment's pain, and yet it has been his bitter lot to inflict the worst -pain of your life. My poor child, you can't understand, and we can't explain It must seem very hard and- incomprr. hensible to you; bu- one day you will know all, and you will do him justice at last. Ab, Edith, if you had not re fused Inez, if you only. were not- so proud; if you could -take what is your right and your due, he might bear this separation until heaven's good time. As it is, it is killing him.' 'He looks very ill,' Edith: said. 'What is the matter with him?' ' Heart disease, brought on *by mental suffering. No words can tell what he has undergone since his moss miserable wedding day; it is known only to heaven and himself; but it has taken his life. As surely as ever human heart:hroke, his broke on the day he left you. And you, my poor child, you have suffered too.' ?Of -that we will not speak,' the girl answered, proudly. . What is do~t is .done; Foir; riee, lipis the worst is over: am safe and well, and in good healtbh Irh±?e.:I'am glad Sir Victor Cathe di'=,P"at is' that 'ihewill keep away from me?. An'd nowLady Helena, before it erow and y !?ýr I wil! go home.' ' Go home !-at this hour I Most certainly you will not. You will remain here all night: Oh, Edith, you must indeed. A room has been prepared for you adjoining mine. Inez and Jamison will remain with Victor until the morn ing,'and-you ought to see him before you go.' She shrank in a sort of horror. ' No, no, nol that -I cannot. As it is so late I will remain; but see him no, no ! Not even for your sake,. Lady Helena, can I do that.' ' You will wait until to.morrow comes,' was Lady Helena's response; :now you shall go to your room at once..': - She rang the bell; a' chambermaid came. Lady Helena kissed the girl's pale cheek affectionately, and Edith was led away to the'room she was to occupy for that night.. It was certainly a contrast in its size and luxurious appointments to whatshe had used for the last ten months. She smiled a little as she glanced around. And.she was to spend the night under the same roof with Sir Victor Catheron. If any one had predicted it this morn-: ing, how scornfully she would have re*. fused to believe.. \- Who can tell .wbat a day may bring forth ' was Edith's last thought, as she laid her head on the pillow. ' I am glad, very glad, that the accident will not prove fatal. I don't want him or any one else to come to their death through me.' She slept well and soundly, and awoke late. She sprang out of bed almost instantly and dressed. She couldbut jill afford to lose a day. Ba. foie hoe toilet was completed there was a tap at the door. She opened it and saw Miss Catheron. 'I fancied you would be up early, and ordered breakfast acdordingly. Aunt Helena awaits you downstairs. How did you sleep I' " Very well. And you -you were up all night, I suppose l' ' Yes. I don't mind it at all, though; I am quite used to night watching. And I have the reward of kdowing that Victor is much better-entirely out of danger indeed. Edith,' she laid her hands on the girl's shoulders and looked down into her eyes, 'he knows you are here; will you be merciful to a dying man and see him i' She changed colour and shrank a little, but she answered, proudly and coldly 'No good will come of it. . It will be much better not; but for my own piart I care little. If he wishes to urge what you came to urge, I warn you I will not listen to a word-I will leave at once.' 'He will not urge; he knows how obdurate you are, how fruitless it would be. Ah, Edith, you are a terribly haughty, selfewilled girl, He will not detain you a moment-he wishes to make but one parting request.'/ 'I can grant nothing--nothing,' Edith said, with agitation.,. : 'You will grant this, I think,' the other added, sadly. 'Come, dear child, let us go down. Lady Helena waits.' They descended to breakfast. Edith ate little; in spite of herself-in spite of her pride and self-command-it shook her a little, the thought of speak ing to him. But how was she to refusel She rose at last, very pale, very stern and resolute-looking. The sooner it was over and she was gone the better. 'Now,' she said, -if you insist-' ' I do insist,' Inez answered, steadily. 'Come.' She led her to a door down the corri dor, and rapped. How horribly thick and fast Edith's heart beat. She hated herself for it. The door opened, and the grave, professional face of Mr. Jamison looked out, 'Tell Sir Victor Lady Catheron is here and will: see him.' The man bowed and departed. Another instant, and he was before them. 'Sir Victor begs my lady to enter at once.' ' Then Incz Catheron took her insher arms and kissed hei' It was her fare-. well. She pointed forward; and hurried away. - . - SEdith went on. A door and curtain separated her from the inner room.. She opened one and lifted the other, and husband and wife were face to face: \- He lay upon a low sofa. The room was partially darkened; but even in that semi- darkness she could see that he looked quite as ghastly and bloodless this morning as he had done leat night. She paused half way down' the room, and spoke. ' 'You wished to see me, Sir' Victor Catheron -' - Cold and calm the formal words fell: 'Edith!. . His answer was a cry-a cry wrung from a soul full of love and anguish untold. It struck home even to her heart, steeled against him and It feel- ing of pity. 'I am sorry to see you, so-ill;' I am glad your accident is no worse.' Again she spoke stiff, iformal. commonplace: -words, that sounded horribly out of place even 'to herself. ' Edith,' he repeated, and, again. no words can tell the pathos, the despair, of that cry, 'forgive me-have pity on me! You hate me, andI deserve your hate; but, oh, if you knew,' even you would have mercy, and relent.' He touched her in spite of herself. Even a heart of stone might have been softened at the' ound of that despair ing, hcartwrung voice-at sight of that deathlike, tortured face; and Edith's, whatever she might say or tbink,' was not a heart 'of stone. ' I do pity you,' she said, very gently. 'I never thought to, but from my soul 1 do. But, forgive you! No, 'Sir Victor Catheron-I. am only mortal, and I have been wronged and, hnmil iated as negirl was ever wronu. ed n:ii d humiliated befere-1 can't do, that.' '2 He covered his face with his .hands. She could hear the dry, sabbing sound of his wordless misery. ' It would have been, better if I had not come here,' she said, still very gently. 'You are ill, and this excite. ment will make you worse. But they insisted upon it-they said you had a request to make. I think you had better not make it. I can grant no, thing-nothing.' ., ' You will grant this,' he said, lifting his face, and using the words ]nez had used, 'It is only' that .when I am dying, and send for you on my death bed, you will come to me: Before I die I sust tell you all --the terrible secret .1I dare not tell you in life-and then, oh, surely, you will pitjr and forgive. Edith, my love, my darling, leave me this one hope- give me this one promise before you go.' ' I promise to come,' was her answer, 'I promise to listen-I can promise no more. A week ago I'would have died sooner than pledge myself to that much -sooner than' look in your face, or speak to you one word. And now, Sir Victor Oatheron, farewell.' She turned to go without waiting for his reply. As she opened the door she heard a wailing cry, that struck chill, with pity and terror, to her in most heart. ' Oh, my love-mybride-my wife !' Then it closed behind her. She heard and saw no more. So they had met and parted, and only death could bring them together again. She passea out into the sun shine and splendour of the summer morning dazed and cold, her whole soul full of untold compassion for the men she had left. . OCAPTER V. THE TELLING OF THE? SECRET. Edith went back to the workroom in Oxford-street, to the old treadmill life of ceaseless sewing, and once more a lull came into her disturbed existence -the lull preceding the last ending of this strange mystery that had wrecked two lives. It seemed to her, as she sat down among madame's troop of noisy, 'chattering girls, as though last night and its events were a long way off, and a figment of some strange dream. That ,he had stood face to face with Sir Victor Catheron, spent a night under the same roof, actually spoken to him, actually felt sorry for him, was too un real to be true. They had said rightly when they told her death was pictured in his face. Whatever this secret might be, it was a secret that had cost him his life. A hundred times a day that pallid; tortured face rose before her- that last agonized cry of a 'strong heart in strong agony' rangin her ears. All her hatred, all her revengefal thoughts of him were gone. She understood no more than be fore, but she pitied him from the depths of her heart. They distnrbed her no more, neithei by letters nor visits. Only, as the weeks went by,' she' noticed thii;--that, as surely as evening came, a shadowy I I'figure, "hovering aloof;?- followed ::her home. She knew who it was. At first she felt inclined to resent it; but as he never came near, never spoke, only followed her from that safe distance, the grew reconciled and accustomed to it at length. She understood his motive -to shield her, to protect her from danger and insult, thinking himself un observed. Once or twice she caught a fleeting glimpse of his face on these occasions. What a corpse-like face it was-how utterly weak and worn out he seemed, more fitted for a sick bed than the role of protector. 'Poor fellow,' Edith thought, quite often, her heart growing very gentle with pity and wonder, 'how he loves me-how faithful he is, after all I Oh, I wonder, I wonder what this secret is that took him from me a year ago. Will this mountain turn into a molehill when I hear it-if I ever do-or will it justify him I Is he sane or mad And et Lady Helena, who is in her right mind surely, holds him justified in what he has done.' '.:July, August, passed-the middle of Septeinhber came. All this time 'what. ever' thoweather, she never once missed he'-: haldow'' from 'hisi.post. :.As we grow accustomed to all things, she grew accustomed to this vatchful care-grew to look for him when the day's work was done. But in the middle of September she missed him. Evening after evening came, and she returned home unfol lowed and alone. Something had hap pened. '. Yes, something had happened." He had never really held up his head after that second parting with Edith. For days he had' lain- prostrate, so near to death that they thought surely death must come; but by the end of a week he was better-as much- better at least, as he ever, would be in this world. 'Victor,' his aunt would cry out, 'I wish, I wish you. would consult, a" physician: about this . affection of. the heart. I am frightened for you-it is not.anything else. There is a famous[ German-do go-and see him to please. me." - 'To please you, my dear aunt-my. good, patient nurse--I would do much,' her nephew used to answer, and smile. 'Believe me, your fears are grounless, however. Death takes the hopeful and unhappy, and passes such wretches as I am by. 'It all comes of weakness of body and . depression of mind-thdre's nothing serious in the matter. If I get worse, you may depend upon itI'll go and consult Her von Werter.' Then it was that began his nightly duties-the one joy left in his joyless life. Lady Helena and Inez returned to St. John's-wood, ..and sir Victor," from his lodgings in .Fenton's Hotel, followed his wife. home every, evening. i It was his first thought when he arose in the morning- the one hope thatinps held him all: the. long, 'wearyaismless"'. a spasm; halt pain, half joy; .when itli. dusk ·fell, to see her slender, figure come forth to follow hi-darling--him-.. self unseen, _as he fanciedl-to her humble home, to watch near it, to look up at her lighted windows with eyesl full of such love and longing as no words can ever 'picture, and then, shivering in the night wind, to hail a' hansom and go home, to live only, in the thought of another meeting on the morrow. .. ' Whatever the weather, 'it.has been said, he went. On many occasions he went, drenched. through, with chatters ing teeth ~sid livid lips. " Then would follow long, fever-tossed, sleepless nights, . and a morning of utter pros. tration, mental arid' physical. ' But come what might, whilst he was able to stand, he must return to his post-= his wife. . . But nature, defied long, claimed'a heavy penalty at last. There came a: day when Sir Victor could 'rise from his bed--no more, when the 'heart spasms .in their anguish grew .even! more than his resolute will could bear -a 'day when, in' dire alarm,: Lady Helena and 'Inez were once mniore sum-, moned by faithful'Jamison, 'and when at last the infallible German doctor was sent for. The interview betweenphysician and patient was'long and strictly private. When'Herr von Werter went away at last his plegmatic Tecton face was set with an unwonted expression of pity and pain. After an interval of almost unendurable suspense, Lady Helena was sent for by her nephew, to be told the result. He lay upon a low sofa, wheeled near the window. The last light odf the September day streamed in and fell full upon his face; perhaps that was what glorified it, and gave it such a radiant look. A faint sinile lingered on his lips; his eyes had a far-off, dreamy look, and were fixed on the rosy evening sky -a strange, unearthly, exalted look altogether, that made his aunt's heart sink like a stone. Well1' she said, in a tense sort of whisper, longing for, yet dreading, the reply. He turned to her, that smile on his lips, still in his eyes. He had not looked so well for months. He took her hand. 'Aunt,' he said, 'you have heard of doomed men, sentenced to death, re ceiving their reprieve at the last hour. I think I know to-day how those men must feel. My reprieve has come.' ' Victor i' it was a gasp. 'Doctor von Werter says you will recover I His eyes turned from her' to that radiant brightness in the September < sky. yIt is aneurism of the heart. Doctor von Werter says I ca?t' live three soeeks.' They were down in Cheshire. They had taken him home while there was yet time by slow and easy stages. They took him to Catleron Royals. It was his wish, and they lived but to gratify his wishes now. The grand old house was, as it had been left a year ago, fitted up resplen* dently for abride-a bride who had ?.,? . ..'.,:" ': .-. . . " never come. There was one particular room to which he desired to be taken -a spacious and sumptuous chamber, all purple and gilding-and there they laid him upon the bed from which he would never rise. It was the close of September now, the days golden and mellow, beautiful with the rich beauty of early autumn before decay has come. He had grown rapidly worse since that memorable interview with the German doctor, and paralysis, that 'death in life,' was pre ceding the fatal footsteps of aneurism of the heart. His lower limbs were paralyzed. The end was very near now. On the last day of September, Herr von Werter paid his last visit. ' It's of no use, madame,' he said to Lady Helena. ' I can do nothing- no thing whatever, He won't last the week out.' The young baronet turned his serene eyes-serene at last with the awful serenity-that precedes death. He had heard the fiat not intended for his ears. . 'You nra 'sure of this, doctor-sure, mind TI can't last the week out I' It is :-impossible, Sir-Vior. I always tell my.patients the tiutli. Youi disease is beyond the reach of all ear~hly skill. The end may come at any moment; in no case can you survive the week.' - His serene face did not change. He turned to his aunt with the smile that was often on his lips now. ' At last,' he said, softly, ' at last my darling may come to me-at last I may tell-her all, Thank heaven for this hour of release. Aunt Helena, send - for Edith at once.' -By the night train, agfe hours later, (nez Catheron went up to London. As Madame.. Mirebeau's young women assembled next morning, she was there before them, waiting to see Miss Stuart. Edith came, a foreknowledge of the truth in her mind The interview was brief. She left at once, in company with MissCatheron, and Madame Mirebeau's establishment was to know her no more. As the short autumnal day closed in they were in Cheshire. It was the evening of the' second of October-the' anniversary of the bridal eve. And thus at last :the bride was coming home. . She looked out with, eyes that saw nothing of the familiar landscape flitt-. ing' by-the places . she had never thought to see more. She was going to Catheron Royals, to-the man she had married a year ago.- A year ago ! What a strange terrible year it had been-' like a bad dream.; She shuddered as she recalled it. All was to be told at lost, and death was to set all things even.; The bride was returning to the bride"room like this. All:the way from the station to:?th great house she, never. spoke- a word. Heri heart beatj,?itdia dull, heavy pain pity for hi. dread for what 'she was toheari., It was quite dark when they rolled throughi the lofty gates, up the broad, tree-shaded drive,-to. the grand portico entrance of the house ' He is very low, miss,' Jamison whispered, as he admitted them; ' feverish, and longing for her !ady ship's coming. He begs that as soon as my lady- has rested, and has had some refreshment, she will come to him at once.' . . Lady Helena 'met them at the head of the stairs, and took the pale; tired dirl in her aims for ",a moment,- Then Edith -was in- a firelit, waxlit room, lying back for a few minutes' rest in th3 downy depths ef .a great chair. Then coffee and .a dainty repast'were brought her. bbe bathed her face and hands and tried to.eat and drink. But the food. seemed to choke her; she drank the strong black coffee eagerly, and was ready. to go. - " Lady Helena led her to the Loom where he-lay-that purple and 'gold chamber, with 'all its dainty' arid: luxu rioua appointments. She shrank a little as she entered.' She remembed it was to have been-their room when they re. t?irned from their - bridal tour. Lady Helena just opened the door to admit her, closed it again and was gone. She was alone with the dying man.. By the dim light she of two wax tapers she beheld him, propped up with pillows,: his white, eager face turned towards her, the love that not death for a-moment could vanquish shining upon her from his eyes. She was over, kneeling by the bedside, holding ' his hands in hers-how, she could never have told. -'I am sorry-I. am sorry !' It was all she coull say in that hour, In the presence of death she forgot orverything-her wrongs, her humilia\ tion. She only knew that he was dying, and that he loved her as she would never be loved again in this world. 'It is better as it is,' she heard him saying, when she could hear at all for the dull rushing sound in her ears; 'better-far hetter. My life was torture -could never have'been anything else, though f lived fifty years. I was so young-life looked so long, that there were times-yes, Edith, times, when I sat debating within myself-a suicide's cowardly end. But heaven has saved me from that; death has mercifully come of itself to set all things straight, and, oh, my darling, to bring you.' She laid her face upon his wasted hand, nearer loving him in his death than she had evyr been in his life. 'You have suffered,' he said, tenderly looking at her. 'I thought to shield you from every care, to make your life one long dream of pleasure and happi aess; and see how I have done itl You have hated me-scorned me, and with justice; how could it be otherwiset Even when you hear all, you may not be able to forgive me, And yet heaven knows I did it all for the best, If it were all to come over again I could not' act otherwise than as I have acted. But my darling, it was very hard on you. I In death, asin life, his thoughts were not of himself and his own sufferings, bat of hers. As she looked at him, a he recalled what he had been only a year ago- in the flush, the vigour, and prime of manhood-it seemed almost too much to bear. ' Oh, Victor ! hush,' she cried, hiding her face again; 'you break my heart!' His feeble fingers closed over hers with all their dying strength-that faint, happy smile came over his lips. 'I don't want to distress you,' he said, very gently; 'you have suffered enough without that. Edith, I feel wonderfully happy to.night. It seems to me I have no wish left-as though I were sure of your foregiveness before' hand. It is joy enough to see you here -to feel your hand in mine once more -to know I am at liberty to tell you the truthat last. I have longed for this hour with a longing I can never des' cribs. Only to be forgiven and die-I wanted no more. For what would life have been without you I My dearest, I wonder if, in the dark days that are gone, whatever you may have doubted -my honour-my sanity-if you ever doubted my love for you I' ' I don't know,' she answered, in a stifled voice. ' My thoughts have ean.: very-dark, desperate. There were tines when there seemed no light -on earth, no hope in heaven. I dare not tell you, I dare not think how wicked and reck. less my heart has been.' 'Poor child !' he said, with a touch of infinite compassion, 'you were so young. it.was all so sudden, so terrible, so incomprehensible I Draw up that hassock, Edith; and sit here by my side and listen. No, you must let go my hand. How can I tell whether you will not shrink from it and me with horror when you know all ' • Without a word she drew the low seat close to the bed, and shading her face with her hand listened, as motion less as a statue, to the brief story of the secret that had held them apart so long. 'It all begins,' Sir Victor's low voice said, 'pith the night of my father's death, three weeks before our wedding day.:That'night I learned the secret of my mother's murder, and learned to pity my unhappy father an I had never pitied him before. Do you remember, Edith, the words you spoke, to Lady Helena the day before you ran away from Powyrs Place! ' You said Inez Catheron was not the murderer, though she was accused of it; nor Juan Oatheron, though he had been suspected of it; that you believed Victor Catheron had killed his ownwife. Edith you were right! Sir Victor Catheron murdered his own wife ! ' I learned it that fatal night. Lady Helena and Inez had known it all along. Juan Catheron more than sus pected. Bad as he was, he kept that secret. My mother was stabbed by my father's hand ! 'Why did he do it, you ask: I answer, because he was mad-mad for weeks ,lefore; and he knew it, though,.. no one "elseedid 'With tho cunning of insanity he kept his secret. Not even his wife suspected that his reason was unsound. 'He was a monomaniac. Insanity, as you have heard, is here ditary in our family in different phases. The phase it took with him was homicidal mania. On all other points he was sane ; on this, almost from the first, he had been insane-the desire to take his wife's life. ' It is horrible, is it not-almost in. credibly horrible I It is true, never theless. Before the honeymoon ended its homicidal mania developed itself an almost insurmountable desire, when ever alone in her presence, to take her life.' Out of the very depth and in tensity of his passion for her his mad. ness arose. He loved her with the whole strength of his heart and being, and the mad longing was with him always to end her while she was all his own-in short, to kill her, ' Ha could not help it. He knew his madness, he shrank in horror from it. He battled with it-he prayed for help-and for over a year he controlled himself. But it was always there, always. How long it might have lain dormant-how long he would be able to withstand his mad desire-no one can tell. But Juan Catheron came and claimed her as his wife, and jealousy finished what a dreadful hereditary insanity had begun. (To be continued.) 