THE ROMISH ALLIANCE WITH ATHEISM. ; i We have often heard the proverb,' " Extremes meet," and it iB no less true " of churchy and political matters than in social affairs. The greatest antipathy is . always professed between the Roman Church and all forms of Communism, Seciilarity, and Atheism ; and if anything could be considered its absolute antipodes it would be the form of revolutionary views proposed, by the leaders of the French Revolution. ; ! It is those ' views which the Pope is continually denouncing as worse than Protestantism itself, and which one of our recent Sydney Romish defenders of Romish' morality has . . de clared to be so beyond the influence of the Church that she cannot be answerable for its sins, although committed by nomi nal Romanists. / J ! Yet it is this very thing with which the Papal Bishops in Ireland are now in open alliance, and with" which their ; Irish brother bishops' in ' these' colonies are - in full sympathy.' Our readers are aware that in the in terests of Home -Rule; and to attempt to counteract the /very great influence exer cised by a great meeting of Unionists held in Dublin, Mr. Morley and Lord Ripon lately visited; Ireland. ; Mr. Morley is Mr. Gladstone's lieutenant. It was very difficult to get anything like a respectable committee of reception for these visitors, so as to make a show comparable to the magnificent array of names which had welcomed the Unionist visitors. So that the committee chiefly consisted of ecclesi astics. The following Koman Catholic prelates 'headed the reception committee which welcomed Mr. Morley to Ireland : — "His Grace the MoBt Eev. Michael Logue, D.D., Archbishop of Armagh, Pri mate of all Ireland. /His Grace the Most Eev. Thomas W. Croke, D.D., Archbishop of Cashel. The Most Eev. James Browne, Bishop of Perns. The Most Eev. Abraham Brownrigg, . D.D., Bishop of Ossory. The Most Eev. Hugh Conway, D.D., ' Bishop of Killala. The Most Eev. James Donnelly, D.D., Bishop of Clogher, The Most Eev. Nicholas Donnelly, / Bishop of Canea. , The MoBt Eev. Patrick Duggan, D.D., ' Bishop of Clonfert. The Most Eev, William Pitzgerald, D.D., Bishop of Eoss. The Most Eev. Francis Kelly, D.D, / Bishop of Derry. The Most Eev. John Pius Leahy, D.D., Bishop of Dromore. The Most Eev. James Lynch, D.D., Coadjutor Bishop of Kildare andLeighlin. The Most Eev. Patrick M'Alister, D.D., Bishop of Down and Connor. ; The Most Eev. John M'Carthy, D.D., -Bishop of Cloyne. The Most Eev. Thomas M'Givern,D.D., Coadjutor Bishop of Dromore The Most JEev! Thomas Nulty, D.D., ; Bishop of Meath. The Most Eev. T. ;A. O'Callaghan, "D.D., Bishop of Cork. , The Most Eev. Pierce Power, D.D., v Bishop of Waterford. The Most Eev. B. Woodlock, D.D., Bishop of Ardagh'and Clonmacnois. Very Eev. Dean Pinn, D.D., Vicar "Capitular of Achonry. Very Eev. Edward M'Ginnis, P.P., ' Vicar Capitular of Kilmore." The opinions of Mr. John Morley on rs- his ecclesiastical hosts are neatly ex it pressed in the following extracts from his iworks: — "You," he might have said to ' the "'priests, "you have so debilitated the ' minds of irien and women by your promises and your dreams, that many a ' generation must come and go before 'Europe can throw off the yoke of your " Superstition, But we promise you' that \- they shall be generations 'of- strenuous battle. We give you all the advantages " that you can get from the sincerity and pious worth of the good and simple among you. We give you all that the bad among you may get by resort to the r poisoned weapons of your profession and its traditions, its bribes to mental indol ence, its hypocritical affectations in the pulpit, its tyranny in the closet,' its 'false "' speciousness in the world, its menace at the death-bed. With all these you may do your, worst, and still humanity will escape you ; Btill the conscience of the race will rise away from you; still the .( growth of brighter ideals and a nobler t' purpose will go on, leaving ever further "and - further behind them your dwarfed finality and leaden stereotype. We shall pass you by on your flank ;' your fieriest darts will only spend themselves on air. We/ will not attack you as Voltaire did ; we will not exterminate you ; we shall explain you. History will place your /dogma in its class, above or below a hun- \- dred competing dogmas, u exactly as the naturalist classifies his species. Erom being a conviction, it will sink to a curi osity ; from being .the guide to millions of human lives, it will dwindle down to a chapter in a book. As history explains your dogma, so science will dry it up; the conception of law will silently make the conception of the daily miracle' of your "altars seem impossible ;; the mental climate will gradually deprive your Bymbols of their nourishment, and men ; will turn their backs on your system, not because they have confuted it, but he- cause, like witchcraft or astrology, it has ceased to interest them. The great ship of your Churchy once so stout and fair " and -well laden with good destinies, is be come a skeleton Bhip ; it is a' phantom hulk, with warped planks' and sere can vass, and you who work it are no more, than ghosts of dead men, and at the hour when you Beem to have reached the bay, down your ship will sink, like lead or like stone, to the deepest bottom." — " Bobes- pierre." — Essays by John Morley, new edition, vol. iii, p. 80. Here is an unholy alliance in earnest. Nearly all the hierarchy thrust them selves into a conspicuous position — go out of the way to identify themselves with the man whose opinions even recently published we have just cited. "What can. we believe of the sincerity of the talk of the Church opposing atheism, socialism aud the revolution ? The Irish " national " papers appear to be quite sensible of the incongruity, but actually pretend that Mr. Morley and the Papal Church possess a great deal in com mon ! The following are the remarks of the Nation : — " Mr. Morley has Written several bio graphical sketches, besides a volume on ' Compromise.' Some of his criticisms are anti-Catholic in their tone ; but _ keen judges discover in his life and writings that comprehensive charity and fine sym pathy so characteristic of Catholicity. Hence they would infer that by these natural affinities he must in course of time be drawn nearer, intellectually, to the faith with which he already possesses so much in common." — The Nation , 28th January, 1888. Mr. Morley is an avowed Atheist, and disbelieves and abhors everything which the Church of Bome holds to be most sacred. But here the prelates are, merely for political party ends, making common cause with him, .and their organ alleging that event in religious matters he and tbey " possess so many 'things in common " ! What a fearful sham is 'Irish - Papalism ! It is not, in truth, a religion at all. It is mere politics. It may suit the Church in Italy to denounce Atheism and Socialism, but in Ireland the Church professes to ally itself with them, and to pretend to have with them "so many things in common." No wonder the Pope is perplexed. He is far better than the system which controls him. What he denounces officially at the Vatican, his prelates in Ireland hug and cherish. 