Premature Burial. A Singular Case "Which Occurred in Paris. Another cnse o£ Premature burial worthy of being analysed in the realistic manner of Zola has occurred in France. An elderly woman who lived at an Okl World place called Sr. Ouc-n liouerie rec:nt!y fell il! and. as her friends thought, died. Tlie funeral took placo. and as the grave digger was preparing to lower the coffin into the earth iie heard moans issuing from inside the lu«rubiious four boards inclosing the presumed corpse. Then followed :i scene which was an exact counterpart of what occurred about ! twelve months a^o in another rural pait of ? France. The grave digger, half frightened | of the probable ghost which his imagination j conjured up and partly awed by the require- I ments cnacted by the law in circumstances j such as those in which he found himself j plaesd. left the c-flin in the care "of rthe ! mourners and went off with hi1; somber story ! to 31. Je Maire. That rural dignitary, having ] i!uly donned his scarf of office and summoned i the village doctor, proceeded- ito. the local God's aero." The coffin . was opened, and it was discovered that the woman had just died from fright, having awakened from a trance to find herself hemmed ill between the terrible deal planks. When horrible scenes like this are repeated it .is- time; for the authorities and public at large io take into consideration the invention'' of the:-; ingenious undertaker who lias-adopted sis his"' motto, "Xr> more premature burials.*' This practical person oilers t;> supply :to all/eases of d vubtful death an apparatus by means of win oil those who may have bad the mis fortune to be buried aiive may not only inhale fresh air on their awakening, but also communicate by signal with the world which has left them for dead. Dr- S. P- Necklevitch lias recently died at L-izki. in the ^Novojrrudsky District, IJussia, in his 1 GSth year. Ilis death occurred quiet suddenly, as. about a quarter of an hour earlier, he wrote a prescription for one of his patients. The Chinese are entering the English book market as purchasers of their own litera ture : and it is said that Chinese works are constantly sent back to China, the sais being sufficient to encourage this. There were GO,(136 births in Paris last _veru. There were 57.002 deaths during the same period, of which more than 10,000 were due io pulmonary diseases. One can scarcely credit the fact that the result of a collection from a large and well-dressed congregation at Canterbury ?a thedial. England, recently, was only lis. 