VARIOUS TOPICS. ? ♦ ? ? t Detroit frte PreuJ Boston Corbett imagines Out tbe ghost ©f J. Wilkes Booth follow* him everywhere. The Queen of Sweden hu besome insane and is confined at UiriksdftL Sankey, the ringing evangelist, has gone to Europe. The latest thing in bracelets u an arrange ment in gold resembling handcuffs. Talmage can work bert on bis feet and makes most of Jus sermons while walking the floor. Tbe man who gave away every cent he had at a recent church social says be ia down on Bocialism from this time forth. How true it ia that 'Woman's work is never done' — especially the under crust of her pies. The rarity of Christian charity doesn't prevent a good many impostera from getting The carriages and sledges of the late King of Bavaria hare been Bold to a circus and the deer are in a menagerie. Sir Richard Burton, the great English tra veller, has travelled himself ont. At 65 he is a physical wreck. _ _ We send 1,000,000 barrels of apples every year to foreign nations, and won't take any ' 3frHK ' in return, either. According to Jonqnin Miller the California woman talks lesa than any other woman in the world. Darwin was a dance at school and » rate at college ; bo says bis life recently pub lished. Each county in California is going to spend $1000 this winter to advertise itself. That's enterprise. Advertising always pay*. The New York enobs want a ' Rotten row' in Central Park. Let them stand the alder men np in a line tliere. O'Brien tweed euita are now ail the go in Ireland, and the tailor who sent William his suit is making a fortune. It is & somewhat carious fact that the man who grumbles the most abont matrimony u the man who is not married and never expects to be. It ia time for those slats on the motherin law to etop. A Washington lady gave to her newly-married daughter an income of 930,000 a year. Tomagreo, the celebrated tenor who created the part of Othello in Verdi's opera at Milan, will give fifty performances in South America, for which he is to receive 700,000 franca. Mrs. Hettie Green, of New York, is said to be worth her weight in gold. As she owns $40,000,000 ahe most weigh abont eigbiy tons. Samuel Brannon was once the richest man in San Francisco. He u now living in a cheap boarding house with scarcely a dollar to Sub The Duke of Argyll's latest hobby on his Scotch estates U the American starling. In* verary issaid to literally swarm with species of this plucky, hardy warbler. There u a nickel church in Palestine, Tex. Nobody contributed more than a nickel to wards its construction. Many a nickel makes a mnckle. A young man, obliged to invent instantly some excuse for a. long golden hair on his coat sleeve, stammered one that he *' s-sat next to the b-b-butter at dinner.' Lady Colin Campbell has succeeded in get ting the sympathy of the Queen, and it is now Quite the thing in London society to take her ladyship's part. Skinner, the tallest man of the south, who stood seven feet six inches in bis stockinga, bat refused to become a museum freak, is dead. We are told that the art of paper-mating bas reached a point where a tree may be cut down, made into paper, and turned ont a* & newspaper is thirty-six hours. Queen Margoerita, of Italy, has collected a large Hebrew library, with the latest works on Jewish literature. She ie Bain to be profi cient in Hebrew, and reads the Old Testament with ease in that tongue. In China a girl is never considered any thing else in her father's house than, an honoured guest. It has become largely that way over here, and that is why we have so many tired mothers. Mme. Boudcault, tbe great Parisian, shop keeper, has given abont 31,000,000 as a pension fond for her employes, she has also founded a library and reading room, and ahe gives her employes a share in the business. What fools these mortals be ! A big train load of natives of Los Angeles have arrived at Chicago to spend the winter, and the wnt day a big train load of Chicago people left for Los Angeles. A New York author lost the manuscript of a book the other day, and offers a «lmnai^tifl dollars to the man who finds it. For half that amount there are hundreds of authors who will write him an entirely new book. A pithy definition of a lover is the follow ing : ' A lover is a man who endeavours to be more amiable tliau it is possible for man to be, and this ia the reason why almost all lovers appear ridiculous.' Joseph Hofmann, the boy pianist, U in New York, and the critics are talking of his breadth of tone, colonr, and his depth of tech nique, while they themselves are good ex amples of the height of absurdity. They sawed a log in two in the northern part of this State and found a snake in the centre, although there was no opening in ' either end of tbe log. They think tbis can't' be explained, but the answer is very easy. i^. is all accounted for by the atrocious -h»~«tyS of tbe whiskey used in lumber camps. H F. Marion Crawford tells this story of Oscar Wilde : ' Wilde. ' says he, *? came into my study one day and sat down at a table, leaning his head heavily on bis hand and said .- * Ah ! Crawford 1 Crawford, I mm feeling very cad to-night. One half of the world does not believe in God, and the other half does not believe in me. 