!INIGOHT. When the sweet breath that fills The heart of Sunset o'er the west is rolled, , And dissipates the imperishable hills To haziness of gold : When Titan Night anew Heaves o'er the globe her starry-linked chain From lonely Sirius in the Southern blue, Round to the frozen Wain: Then the vivacious air Is filled with sprites ; beneath its dusky stole Far spaces through the opening hemis phere Flush crimson with a soul. Magnificently rise Anthems of constellations; near and far Awake and sleep the sweet antiphonies That call from star to star. The comet-hair of dreams Flows in their rushing-by with emerald light; The faint air following fans our head, and seems As kisses of the night. And he whose spirit gives Communion with them, pulses through the whole Of Heaven in vaguest passioning and lives The home-life of the soul. He lives in all he views ; His ghost with rapturous wings ascends the dim; The infinite of beauty doth infuse The infinite in him. Till from Night's dusky shores The waves break backward, when the morn is grey, And a new crimson o'er the plain restores The darkness of the day. By E. W. Luinrsz in Longman's Magazine. A'!young lady writes to ask, "When is the best time to bestow slippers upon a young man Y" Tho editor, who is running the "Inquiry 'Department" this week, says, " Bestow them upon him when he is about 5 years old and ready for bed." " You observe now," said the professor, "that this knife, having been treated by the magnet, partakes of its nature and attracts these steel pens." Please sir," shouted out an interested listener, "won't you put some magnitude on my knife ?" A Van Ness avenue bride has gone home to her mamma, and is talking of applying for a divorce because her husbaed called in the police the other night to remove an apple-dumpling of her own make which she had left in the hall for his midnight lunch. He says that after looking at it and feeling it carefully he came to the conclusion that it was a dynamite bomb. " It's as warm as an oven in here," said a citizen as he entered a lawyer's oflice. " So it should be, for it is here I make my bread," said the man of deeds. A boy is never so happy as when the family Is moving, and he can walk through the streets to his new house wearing a chair on his head. That's the only way most boys can sit on a chair. ,' John," said the wife of an editor, " your patent combination knife is all rusty-all but the corkscrew part." 