FOGS AND FANCIES. " For five days," telegraphs our Birmingham correspondent, "the town and the surrounding country have been enveloped in a thick fog, which has com pletely shut out the light of day." This reminds one of the Egyptian darkness which might be felt. No business can be done, traffic is practically suspended, and accidents occur on all sides. Those accustomed to the clear Australian sky can hardly appreciate the night-like gloom which a real London fog makes, and even thoBe who have groped their way through the darkness of a November fog in the metropolis of the world would be overcome by such an extraordinary phenomenon as a night which lasts for nearly a week. It is hardly to be wondered at that superstitious people in the Midland Counties are terror-stricken. Men who are given to finding sermons in stones will naturally read Athanasian Creeds or Commination Services in long- continued fogs. It is always the case that pheno mena, however susceptible of soientiflo explanation, are regarded in the light of supernatural visitations by people whose knowledge is not equal to their imagina tive powers, and who are therefore pre disposed to attach faith to the idle prophecies of uninformed soothsayers. Whatever is unknown is to them significant of coming evil, and the prophet doeB not fully know his business who 1b unable to impose on the credulity of the superstitious. But, indeed, in this case men may be excused for feeling more than ordinary alarm. The hush of a great city where traffic is suspended and no business done Is In itself warranted to inspire a great fear, and where it is known that the darkness spreads also over the surrounding country this feeling must be increased. In a book entitled "The Beleagured City," lately reviewed in these columns, a thrilling account is given of a darknesB that conld be felt, caused by multitudes from the spirit world who drove the mortal inhabi tants out and occupied their seats. In prosaic Birmingham there can be but Brummagem ghosts, and it is only reasonable to predicate further that the darkness whioh envelops them fulfils a prophecy whioh has not the true ring about it. For Birmingham, though it is a big place, is not the world; and it savours of English exoluslveness to say that to a part of it alone has come the warning that the end of the world is near. And, after all, this five days' fog is not so very much out of the common when we compare it with similar events in former years. From November, 1879, to February, 1880, there was continued fogginesB in London. People then, as now, raked up old prophecies, which proved beyond a doubt that tbe world was to diappear immediately. Tet we have been living ever since in open defiance of these prophecies, and not even the faot that the fog was densest on Christmas Day of 1879 could shame the world into chaos. Again, in December of 1881 and January of 1882 thiok fogs pre vailed. Once more old prophecies were trotted out, and oncd more the world refused to obey them. And these fogs, be it remembered, were attended with fatal consequences, which hitherto, so far as is known, have not occurred in Birmingham. A far more serious thing, if rightly con sidered, is the fog which prevailed a few days ago over the greater part of the United Kingdom, Germany, France, and Denmark. This might have given rise to many serious casualties at eea with great loss of life, but fortunately such a result, so far as we are aware, has not happened. There is much more cause to be thankful for this immunity than to be fearful on account of the present darkness. But human nature is curiously constituted, Instead of acknowledging with thankful ness good fortune which has befallen us, we are the rather prone to probe the myaterieB of the future, and to be alarmed because some uninspired seer has said 1888 will see the end of the world, and that this event will be foretold by a fog in Birmingham and its neighbour hood. When the fog has cleared up alarmists will go comfortably back to their work, not, let us hope, without a feeling that they have been disquioted in vain. If they add to this feeling a determina tion not to resemble the notorious personage who, when he was sick, promised to be a saint, and when he got better forgot his promise, the Brum magem scare of 1888 will not have been in vain. 