British and Foreign, Our Paris Letter. Paeis. March 3. • "We must have a head and a sword,"-said ; Sieyes in 1799, and then succeeded a series of little coups (Prtat, which culminated in that . known as the 18th Brumaire (9th November, 1799). which, b> making Napoleon first consul, opened the door for him to the emperorship. Napoleon W3S an able, popular, and resolute military leader. The great majority of the French nation acquiesoed in his elevation, and placed republican freedom in his hands; the republic was sick, and following the usual course as illustrated by history, ran blindly into military despotism. Something of a similar commencement of the end, has apparently set in here, to judge by the nervous state of a section of Republican opinion, caused by the votes given some days ago in favour of General Boul&nger;, at the elections to fill up nine vacancies to seats in the Chamber of Deputies. Despite the general's public protest against his being put up for ballot, 60,000 voters polled for him all the same. His candidature was decided upon at the twelfth hour, and must have cost 45,000 francs. Who instigated the plan of cam paign? The Royalists, say the friends of the constitution; the Opportunists, aided by the secret service money, so say the Radicals, in order to force the general to quit the army, . and so lay Young Napoleomsm. The incident has produced beyond doubt an all-round un- i easiness. Homiiies are published to show that I a saviour of society ever implied Ctesarism or dictatorship, which commenced by monarchical plottings and the exiling of the people, the Republicans, as usual, having to pay the piper. The dictatorship of the Napoleons only led to the dismemberment of JYance. In 1S14, instead of the left bank of the Rhine re-be coming French, the right bank became German, find in 1871 the Teutonic frontier was advanced to Metz. As to the rank and file of the liberties, these shared the fate of all things poetical. It is not surprising, then, that 3L Fljxjuet should be in no hurry to become Prime Minister, or that the Republicans should be averse to a dissolution of Parliament, where some great unknown might issue from the voting urns; then would be the cuse to observe, " Oh 1 what a surprise." The war clouds are coming up thicker and faster, aud the common occupation now is to keep a look out where they will first burst. Italy will soon be in as great disfavour with the French as is Germany. She ha« commenced a tariff war, Bismarck as, usual, bring accused of pulling the strings. It is a shameful sight when children i . of one family fall out and chide and fight. Goodness knows, the present is not a moment for indulging in political broad grins, but it is impossible not to avoid at least the ghost of a diplomatic titter, to see Bis .. nmrck being rapidly cornered—be who must have enjoyed many a laugh at Yarzin at the way he put so many powers and principalities into corners. In threatening, some time ago, the universe with the furor Tcutonieus, and boasting that Germans feared only God, the prince induced a more microscopical examination of his posi tion, and people took stock of his chances. It hap become every day clearer that the odds are . not in his favour in the coming international imbroglio. He is feverish about the gaining, as well as in the retention, of allies. Nothing is less certain than that Austro-Hungary will be his till death does them part. Equally uncertain, too, is the whole - hog - or none fidelity of Italy. And why these misgiv ings on the part of his lease-tied allies? Be cause they doubt Bismarck; ho has practised so many diplomatic tricks, for reasons of State, to augment the area and power of Germany, that they, too, suspect theymightbevictimised. The new map of Europe is hardly 17 years old; a good shake ran unmake it, as a shake has made it. The common aim of the cockpit combatants is to win over England to their side. Poor old John Bull must be excused if he feels not a little pride at his present enviable position—the arbiter ot fate, as it were. The years might be counted on the fingers of one hand—legs the thumb, too—when he was toe bullseye for the concentrated abuse of toe continental powers. He was estimated as hardly being worth knocked into a cocked hat; but decidedly he was a qnuntiiv nc-jlvjcahk. Now, be is run after likca fashionable beauty or an heiress with a pair of golden legs. There was a time when English diplomatists, before taking an important decision, first made a pilgrimage to Varein to consult toe great medicine man—the parvenu of a quarter of a century ago. Now the re presentative of toe light of Europe lias to come to insular Cansssa, and bid, if not for alliance, at least for benevolent neutrality. John is the honest broker. French whacking away at England never did much harm; keeping nevcr minding-it was the best way to maintain friendship. Besides, toe barking of the morn ing often became tail - wagging in toe evening. And when due allowance was made for the shutting off of steam, patriotic mvrositc, and wind-bagism, no wounds beyond sticking plaster treatment remained behind. It was always known that toe French and English peoples would never fall out; they had too many interest* in common, and their liberalism synchronised too much, to be compromised by family jars. A favourable moment and cool heads could, as has been proved, settle all differences, the bait and codfish questions in cluded. In a short time the Egyptians will have acquired so much stamina and backbone that England will be able to sav to them, " Rise, take up your b'.d and walk." Per haps now that J.*us.-in has her frontier pegged off elor.g Afghanistan, .-be and Finland c i-i'd comi to an agr-./ir.ei.t tliaL Cen'ju- A --a lud verge : t«l *v>'n ruongh both 'o form ;u d develop. Le.ivo i to :•> with 'l.<" :«lii:covi't, and bint that Italy ought to b* ready to compensate herself out of tec defadt of Austria vatocr than incur the risk oi cutting loin chops from France. The "Wilson scandals which commenced in November last, have at last come to a legal finish. Opinion believed the judicial bench would not have the courage to place Wilson in the dock. Yet it did. When therein, the same opinion believed the trial was only a sham, and that Wilson would be acquitted. Yet he has be#*n foundguilty, andseverelysentenced to two years' imprisonment inMazasorPontoise I a fine of 3,000 francs, and responsible with his co- swindlers for the costs, perhaps 140,000 francs when all is over, for Wilson only has cash. In addition, he is deprived of his civic and political rights for five years after leaving gaol. He is thus outlawed, and cannot legally engage in any business affair—oven selling decorations or the government of his children. The bench has thus shown that it cmnot he in timidated. Wilson, said the judge, committed a crime against" the public conscience and the national honour." The sentence will con tribute much to purify the manners of public men. Madame Wilson will now lodge her demand for a divorce, and her father, ex president Grevy, is to sell his recently erected palace, and retire, wounded -and blackened, to die in his humble farm home in the Jura moun tains. What a strange eventful history ! The assassin who perpetrated the murder of the rich watchmaker and jeweller at Joigny has been arrested, as well as his sister-in-law, and all the members of her family. Among the latter were a boy 2 years old, a girl aged 1 year, and a baby three months old. It is satisfactory to learn these three were liberated as not having assisted at the crime, which was not the less a joint stock affair. The head ruffian was a saw-sharpener. After felling the victim, the body was placed on a bed, and dismembered; women acted as candlesticks, holding bits of candles with their fingers; then each person was given a portion of the body to bury at different places, next the booty was distributed. A respectable workman was cursed with a drunken wife; one day on coming home he found her hanging dead behind a door. She had committed suicide because she bad had nothing to drink that day, but she left a note stating it was her husband who had tied her up. The story was discredited, hut the hus band was invited to appear before the magis trate. He did not come, and, on inquiring to ascertain the cause, he too was found dead. He left a note stating he could not survive the suspicion of being a murderer. Suicides are very rife, and misery has much to do with the evil. It is a curious fact, not the less, that the uufortunates ssek other means of self-destruc tion—hanging appears to he U mode—save drowning. As Dr. Bronardelhas shown, when the water is cold it deters suicides. There has been a sharp debate on the dis-' cussion of the budget, respecting the grant for special ambassador to the Pope, in addition to the lay ambassador accredited to the Quirinal. It is said that this dnal representation gives offence to Italy, and is the cause of the serious unpleasantness at present existing between Italy and Prance. The grant was voted for weighty political considerations. The dis cussion on the grants to foreign missionaries was also lively. How, it is asked, can ministers," who are pledged to the separation of Church from State, back such a grant ? Simply because the mission clergy are political agents, but not attached to the foreign office. Bismarck has recently founded in Berlin a mission estab lishment for Germans of the Trappist order; they are trained to agricultural pursuits, and then shipped to Syria, where Germany har. numerous agricultural colonies, that keep check at the same time to the influences of France and Russia in that part of the east. Respecting the holy places, however, the Claris influence over tops all others. One of the consequences of the prolonged double winter with which we are afflicted, is to kill the Lenten red egg trade. The lictn iu the south of France and also of Italy have gone on a strike not to lay till the weather moderates. The red, hard-boiled, eggs sell at the uniform and historical price of two sous each. They were as much an institution during Lent as cardboard codfish; every wine shop had a rack in the counter full of the red eggs. They had the reputation to keep off hunger, perhaps due to their iudigestibility. Once in the stomach they are believed to never move on, so the eater could never complain of a hol low or empty stomach. Owing to the snow blocking railways, the resolution of hens not to lay imder meteorological difficulties, the cost of cooking and crimsoning thein, the price of a red egg has increased 3D per cent. But no oroptobist would give more thun 2 sous. The peuny loaf must only be a penny, 6o " red eggs is out" this Lout. Lombard v and Pied mont send 90,000,000 of eggs 'during the hard-egg mania. Holders of 6harea in ruby mines must com mence to feel queer since Chemist Frcmy and M. Vcrneuil have submitted to the Academy of Sciences the most perfect specimens of arti ficially-prepared rubies. Not even M. Strcoter or a Dacoit would be able to detect the differ ence between the output of the crucible and that from nature's mould. In a short time the patient discoverers will be able to manufacture rubies on a wholesale scale, when they will become cheaper than S^-otoh pebbles. How ever, ladies' lips will ever have a monopoly of rubies for bestowal of those they loss, and sages will still he able to boast their wisdom is above the price of rubies. The Theatre Falies Dramatiques has repre sented "La Demoiselle do Bellerille" operctto in three acts; music by M. Millocher. The plot is token from Paul do Koch's " Pucelle," whose son founded a vaudeville on the romance, Messrs. Nailter and Beaumont a libretto, and for the latter a Viennese composed tho music. A young lady is sent to a boarding school to keep her from marrying: a young gentleman who is locked up in the debtor's prison to secure a similar end. They escape the same evening, and arriving, as the janitor aunt and dlr.'.T papa are being married, beg ihe elergvu.ui to do the same for them. The music appears to iio found-dor: the marches «ml wait/to < i There i.-: a goc-rl flri I proffy dnef, and an o!»»go:if waltz i 1';. stein: h?<;ji * not combat the phylloxera, with some oppoai tion microbe, as he has dono for rabies and rabbit cholera. • The partisans of the late Corate de Chambord deny that his Majesty ever ordered a uniform with republican favour?, or a cocked hat with a tricolour cockade. The charge is fathered on the Comte de Paris. At Villeneuve, the Mayor gives a free meal to the unemployed every morning, and during the repast ho tells off 6ome of the men to toll the joy bells. It is the same philanthropist who has distributed paper vests to the poor— and they did keep in bodily heat. , A debatable compliment—perhaps: the I Paris anarchists are now called u Irlandais" (Irish). 