MEETINGS. j I -« I BOARD OF TECHNICAL EDUCATION. j A meeting of tho Board of Technical Education was held on AVednesday afternoon at the offices, 129, Phillip-street. Tho following members woro present :-Mr. Norman Solfo (vice-president, acting-president), Mr. E. A. Baker, Mr. James Burnot, Dr. Bolgravo, Mr. O wen Blocket, Mr. AV. II. Edmunds, Mr. Jocoh Gorrard, M.L.A., Mr. Aloxonder Kcthel, M.L.A., Mr. .1. N. Oxley, mid the secretary (Mr. Edward Dowling.) A letter was received from Mr. Edward Combes. C.M.G., stating that ho was despatching a number of additional books, Seo., for tho Technical College, and would probably bo in Sydnoy in Juno next, after visiting Switzerland, and seoing' the latest practical results of technical (raining. An application for technical clossos to bo formed at Wollongong was considered, and it was resolved that tho boord is not prepared to undortako further branch schools at present. Somples of supposed silver and .tin me sent from country districts for analysis were ordered to be forwarded to the Mining Bepnrtment, as the boni- llas no assay works. A request from the teacher of car- pentry class to authorise him to give additional lessons to advanced . pupils at the Deaf und Sumb Institution was deferred "for further information. At the request of the teachor of phonography it vvob resolved that inquiries bo mado os to probable numbers and cost of conducting a type-writing ¿loss. A communication was received from tho scionco master, Nowcastlo, stating that the committee of the Newcastlo School of Arts is about to purchase models of machinery, mining, electrical apparatus, «to., and that they will bo at tho disposal of the scionco classes. A list of prizes to students who obtained honours at recent examinations and attended lhe prescribed courses was sub- mitted, nnd it wns resolved that prize-takers bo allowed to seloet books themselves, subject, however, to approval. The secretary reported that 61 entries had been already made for the technological examinations of tho city and guilds of the London Instituto for the Advancement of Technical Education, which oro to be held in this colony on the 16th April, in tho ordinary and honour gtado of mechanical oneineerlng, "electrical engineering, mill- ing, gas monufactuio, watch and clock making, carriage building, plumbing, sugar manufacturo, soap manufacture, carpentry and joinery, brickwork and masonry, aud that arrangements could bo modo for further entries being received for those Bulijects only up to the 30th March next, its a cablegram had been sent to Englond in order that tho manuscripts of theso popors could be printed hero. A presontotion of specimens produced by tho Phillip-Stephun photo- lithogruphic process was directed to bo acknowledged. A progress report from the organising committee, containing amongst others the following recommendations was submitted by Br. Belgrave as chairman, and approved by tho boord:-1. That a re- quest from the teacher of meohtinicol dentistry and tho question of tho formation of a class in dental pathology and surgery bo considered with tho reorganisation of tho dental dcpartmoiit. 2. That in nnswor to applicants a class in tradesmen's quantities bo ndvertised ns formed. 3. 'Hutt the question of forming a class in ventilation and drainage bo referred to the Instructor in Architecture for report. 4. That the following be engaged to deliver lectures in tho Tochnical Roll :-Br. Spofforth, ambulance lectures ; Mr. AAr. E. Roth, B. A., on "Botany and /oology;" Mr. T. Ranft, on "Concentration of Oies;" Mr. P. J. Edmunds, on "Astronomy;" Mr. Adam Davidson, on "Agriculture;" Mr. G. ß". AVebstor, on " Steam Engines;" Mr Daniel Walker, B.Sc, on " Appli- cation of Chemistry to Manufactures;" and Mr. J. I. Huycroft, on " Limes and Cements." (5.) That tho result of analyses of clays be published and copies seut to the leudine: authorities in England for roport. (G.) That applications bo invited for teacher of proposed plumbing class at Newcastle. 7. That a" mechanical" drawing class bo at onco established at Kogarah School of Arts and conducted by Mr. Morso. Returns of lebsons and lectures given in Technical College and branch schools woro Bubmillcd, in- cluding a statement showing an average attendance of 197 persons at each of the six lectures in tho Technical Hall. It was resolved that a special board meeting bo called for AVednesday next, 15th instant, to consider tbo que«tion of the organisation of classes and engagements of instiuctors und teachers. The monthly meeting of lho Steamship Owners' Associa- tion was hold yesterday afternoon, nt the rooms of tho association, O'Councll-street, and at which representatives of the various steam companies were prosent, Mr. Jamos Burns (A. U. S. N. Company) boing in the chair. After the usual routine business lind been disposed of several matters affecting the steam shipping trade gonorally wore discussed, amongst which wero claims of vnrious companies againstthoGovornmenti'orthocurriagoof "forward" mails, federal quarautino, and the necessity for its being estab- lished without further delay, in regurd to which mattei it was resolved that the association make representations to the Boaid of Health, and if necessary to the various coloninl Governments, and endeavour to bring about au understanding such as will do awaj' with tbo disabilities undor which steamship owners labour, whilo at the same timo protecting tho public health. In tho evening the members of the association accompanied Captain Hixson and mombors of tho Marine Board to Watson's Bay to witness somo experiments with Captain R. C. Ghost's Costón signal lights, winch proved highly successful. At the weekly meeting of tho St. Leonards Literary and Debating Society, hold in Mossrs. Oatley and Cahill's oflico, Alfred-street, on Wednesday ovening" last, the following papers, constituting tho February number of the "Critic," woro read, viz. ¡-"Volcanic Eruptions, Tonga," by "Scrap;" "Music," by "Flute:" "Changing tho Name of tho Colony," by " Native;" "Municipal Elections," by "Damon;" "Ho was a AVandenug Goat," by "Mul- doon;" "My Experiences as a Blockade Runner," by "li. E. E.;" "Poverty of Languugo," by "Nomad." Thero was a numerous attendanco of members, and tho several papers weie listened to with marked interest. Air. AV. K. Keyte, editor, initiated a new feature in tho business of tho evening, by getting, several of tho members to assist in reading the articles, a oourse which at once established itsolf us boing greatly preferable to the old one. During tho ovening no less than 17 new nominations wero handed in. Tho librarian, Mr. AV. A. Paino, announced that during tho week ho had received 40 additional volumes for the library. The monthly mooting of the Ladies' Evangelistic Asso- ciation was heíd at 3 p.m. on AVednesday at the Temporáneo Hall. The attendanco was good. À largo number of bouquets had beeu sent to various hospitals. At Little Bay alone 310 had been distributed. Two hundred periodi- cals lind been issued for cab and 'bus men. An account of the Biblewomon's work was given. Waterloo, Botany, and the lowor parts of the city had been visited by them, and good testimony had been given by tho .sick und poor as to their work. In 15 homes drink had been banished, and through all the holiday time sobriety and comfort had reigned where onco was rioting and drunkenness. Men, ".onion, and children had been either token to hospital or visited with food, clothing, and medical comlorts. There was still a great amount of poverty through the men boing out of work. At tho monthly meeting of the Chanty Organisation Society, held on AVednesday last, thoro were present-Mr. E. Fosbery (chairman), Sir A. Roberts, Rev. H. L. Jack- son, Mr. J. Keep, and the secretary (J. Sidney). Iho register for the past month showed an increase of 25 over the number applying for relief m Becomber. There woro 213 applications dealt with during January, from 83 married couples, 51 widows, upon whom 239 children wero depending, two single women, and 77 singlo men. 'Iho majority of tho latter wero supplied with meals "nu slienui, «,_»: _r- ._. ^"auction of papers showing they wero outdoor patients at ono of tho hospitals, or recoutly discharged from such, or waiting admission into one of the Government asylums. Several cases of excep- tional distress through sickness were brought under the notice of the committee, and relief afforded as far as tho limited means at the disposal of the committee allowed. A meeting of the committee of the Parkes Fund was held at the Town Hall on Friday afternoon. Iho bon. secretary announced that the promised subscriptions amount to _8b97 9s 6d., and the hope was expressed that this should be raised to £10,000 before finally closing the fund. A number of friends have not yet paid their sub- scriptions, and it was decided to issuo circulars with a view of having these remitted as early as possible. Iho council of the Art Society of Now South Wales held their monthly meeting on AVednesday, February 8, at the rooms, 70. Pitt-street The chair was taken by the pre- sident, Mr. AV. C. Ashton. Present4 Messrs."Piguenit, Kemp, A. and G. Collingridge, A Stoffam, S Sedgefield, F. B. Schew, C. H. Hunt, F. Mahoney. A H. Fullwood. and Phil May. lhe minutes of the proviens meeting wore read and confirmed, and the following now members woro duly elected -Messrs C Meodmoro, J. V. Millor, Her lofson, and Miss H. Uunnechffe. Mr. H. Seymour Wells was nominated for election at next meeting Correspond- ence was then read , among numerous communications the following may bo selected as being of general interest - The first annual roport of the Associated Artists 'of Melbourne. Attention was called to the fact that though the Melbourne artists had sold pictures at then late exhi- bition for larger prices than tho Sydnoy nrtistB obtained at the recent gathering of the Art Sociofy, yet the sura ob- tained by payment at the doora at tho latter was much in excess of the sum obtained in Melbourne from the samo source ; and this notwithstanding the fiict (hot nearly bOO persons havo tile right of tree admission to the Art Society's Gallery, either as annual subscribers 01 holders of Kit union tickets lhe above facts would Bcem to indicate that a greater amount of interest m art mattet s is taken by the publ o of Sydnoy than by that of Melbourne. Mr. W. E. Kemp, tho bon. treasurer to the society, gonerously offered the sum of £5 5s , to bo competed for by the students of tho society's classes during the ensuing six months. A letter was read from Mr A. T. Buplyu, offer- ing the sum of £¿ 3s for the samo purpose. A sub-com- mittee was then appointed to consider the inattei, as well as tho offer of £20 made by tho Hon. AV J Clarko, at tho opening dinner of the society on December 3, 1887. On tho 7th instant the Dawn of Freedom Lodgo, 104, I. O. G T., held its quarterly mooting nnd election of officers for the current quarter, which resulted as follows . Bro. Outlm, P.W.C'I., Bro. Cartledge, ro-olected AVCT.; Sib Flynn, re-olectod AV.V1.: Bro. Potter, re-elected W S ; Bro Liggins, AV.T S., Sib 1 nuntin, ic oloctfid W.T., Bro. Pearce, W C ; Sis. L. Fhun, ro eloctedAVM, Bro l'lynn, W.DM., Bro. Hurly, AV.IG., Bro. Castles, AV OG.; Sis Tauntin, W.L.P. Representatives to Grand Lodgo: Sis. A. Flynn, Bro. W. riynn. Alternates : Sis. Carter, Bro Carter. 