%lu (ptorg-SelUr* KILLING NO MUBDHR. Yes! Nearly forty years have made no end of a difference in this country, as you know as well as I do—and let me tell you * „„1 ! life—at least for :, ™. us old ola lenows. fellows. We yve have nave the ine satisfaction of :lookingroundu8, and thinking, yit, "Well, I had a share in . makLe° Australia what V h ^ Littfold 3 maxing Australia wnas it is. in tne oia i f i t ? Wn T f c JwW*" : twn dividual has loseB been himself, laid so and long is ago, muddled that, the UD inin ; room^°and c S A'e ^ ^ ' which he had himBelf made. Some of UB made precious small marks. But, for all that, we were contented hardly took the trouble they weren't bigger and deeper. I found myself up at Forest Creek in '54, with a few thousands of the rarest boya any country ever saw. Barring a few diggers from California, and a very small infusion of the "old hand" element, we were mostly youngsters from the old countries—English, j Irish, and Scots—and there wasn't a man of | UB who wasn't able to hold his own iu " rough and tumble," or a hard day's work at the bottom of the shaft with pick and shovel. Many of the boys had been swells at home, and some of them had prepared for bush life in Oxford, Cambridge, and "Old Trinity.' Lord, how hard digging came to us at first! Hands blistered, and backs nearly broken iu two ! Ugh ! it was awful! But there was real grit there, boyB; and when the skin got hard, and the back began to feel more of a piece, the swells took to it kindly, and at any rate they never funked. I had a mate then— j one of the beBt fellowB the sun ever shone on. Poor Bob! Bob Mullen was his name. A big, stout, strong fellow—one of those men who get into your heart some way or other, and once they are in never go out again. They take up their lodging there, boys, aud the tenancy is for just as long aB the blessed old concern beats. It was a time which reqnired true friends; and, to tell you the truth, I think that true friends have become scarcer since those days. But to my story. Our hnt was built alongside the creek. It wasn't quite such au elaborate affair as the house where we live now. But, at any rate, we had made it comfortable Awxfcavtw enough for "baching." uBwuug. II«IL Near us UD, however, there was a big family tent pitched ! one day aB we came back from work; and Bob and I speculated as to who and what our neighbours were. Of course we went over, and offered our assistance to the old man and his son when we saw them in a muddle, and in a short time we made friends without much trouble on either side. And in that tent I met my fate, I'm too old now to hark ! back and tell you a love story, because, | though the romance of love is all very well . when a fellow can stroke a fluffy moustache on his upper lip, it is not quite as appropriate | when he scratches a grey pate. Mary Gardiner was a woman made Jm be loved; and I fell ; down and worshipped - her. About a couple of months after this our luck was anything bnt good. We had sunk a shaft by the Eide of the creek, and it turned out "a rank duffer." Neither of us was much of a money-grubber, and our reserve was uncommonly small. It was no joke living at that time without money or dustthings were so awfully dear. Even tucker cost a fellow no end of money; and, though there were open hands in plenty, and open heartB too, we weren't the men to "sponge." It was a blue lookout for a while, I can tell you. At last we decided to prospect in one of the northern gullteE, and the next day we Btarted out with pick, ehovel, and dish. Prospecting is a bit disheartening, unless you drcp ufon something good. For two or three dayB we never paw "the colour," and we came home with our tails down to the very ground. At length oer patience was rewarded. We happened 'to be sitting down, eating our tuoker on 'the hill looking down over Moonlight Flat, when Bob, as he was getting -up, struok the point of the pick into the ground, aud turned up a speck of about $ dwt. You may take yonr Davy we weren't long setting to work on the spot, and before evening we had done a fair lot of sinking. We went home with light hearts, and Mary gave us a welcome worth something when we brought her the news. Well, we worked hard, and lived hard, and our proepectB grew pretty bright again. In fact, our claim promised to become a very rich one—as, indeed, it turned out to be. Sunday on the diggings is the early fifties wasn't much like what it is in the liter eighties, I can tell you. It was the day for washing and general tidying, -for c&rdB; and nips of whisky and rum, and for general strolling about among the grand old gum trees * _i.:_v which lined the sloping -i—=__ sides -a of ' -• the hills, and sast scanty shadows on the rich eartb. Now, when you stroll out without aay special object you insensibly incline to soma place is which you have an interest; and so one Sunday Bob and I were out we_ turned in the direction of our claim. When we reached the rise of the hill we were astonished to hear a regular yabbering from the shaft.; aud when we approached twenty or thirty dirty Chinamen went off quietly on the -opposite side. They were the first of the yellow rascals we then, and which we describe as some one walking over one's grave. "Blame their carcases," said Bob; " what do the beasts want here ?"' We searched all round, and found our little property untouched; aud gradually I reasoned myself out of my fancy. A drop of rum when we reached home, and afterwards a quiet "spoon" with Mary, made me all <ight again; so that before another week the whole circumstance had dropped from my mind. In about a fortnight or so I took a stroll by iryself on Sunday evening, and again found myself in the neighbourhood of the claim. I may tell you we had bottomed ^firX'T^1 W ® ^ i that when we had tried the dirt and found that it was equal to our expectations, Mary and I Bhould go down to Melbourne and become man and wife—a nice little "prospect," which made me doubly anxious about the other "prospect," You can fancy then what I felt when, aB I came near, I saw the same dirty yellow mob yabbering away, and hauling up the stuff as fast as they could from the bottom of the shaft. You may be sure that I made at them with a good-sized blackthorn stick in my hand. They took to their . heels. I was gathering up the shovels and picks which were lying about, when I saw the same ugly-looking fellow whom I had noticed before coming out of the shaft. I was as angry as a man could be, and determined to give him as good a thrashing as ever a yellowskin got in the world. The beggar squared off at me; and as he had a pick in his hand, and the others were oosiing up again when they saw I was alone, things) began to look shady. He let out with tne pick, and luckily he only struck the shovel. Well, how it occurred I can scarcely tell you. The whole thing was done quiokly. But my shovel came down on the beggar's neck, and he fell as if he was Bhot, with the blood Epuiting out of one of the arterieB like a pump. It is a queer feeling one has after wounding seriously another mortal For a minute 1 believe I should have given my half of the claim if that fatal stroke had been undone. But it was done, and I had to make the beBt of it. The other fellows gathered round the wounded man, and after a while oarried him off. Just then by chance a bobby marched up, and the upshot of it was tnatii found myseit in the *»mp that beauti- j ful Sunday evening chained to a log, and about the most down hearted man in Vic- | toria. Of course both Mary and Bob came to Bee me; and the Btockade was eurrounded then. A prisoner was brought into the Btock- j ade—and with drnnkB and unlicensed diggers ! there was no scarcity of them—and he waB ' just hitched to a heavy log and left there. I ' can safely say that never before or since did j I spend such a miserable night after the noise of the camp had ceased, and there wasn't a ; sound except the yelp of some cur, or the " j mournful cry of the curlew. I had often { enough camped out with the same sounds all round me. But 1 hadn't killed a Chinaman, and my dreams were all about a huge river I it threatened to drown me. WelL the next | morning the news came that Ah Hooey was j dead ; and the news did not make my position anything pleasanter. I must tell you that ! at that time the relations between the j authorities afid the diggers were anything but \ cordial. The tyranny to which miners had j to submit wasn't calculated to make and keep them loyal; and you know that the Ballarat men actually took up arms to fight against it. The Police Magistrate at the Creek at that time wais one of those fellows who took a delight in doing their duty as harshly as they possibly can; and he was as well hated by the diggers as he deserved to be. And that is saying inuch. He had to make sn enquiry about the Chinaman's death; and he thought it a good opportunity of having a shy at one of the hated diggers. A Jury was got together, and it gave in a verdiet of " Death through misadventure." The \ foreman of. the Jury was a graduate of Cambridge; and the "misadventure" part of the , verdict was laid down to hisn; and, I understand, quite correctly. Now, such a verdiet would have juBtihed the P.M. in settiag me free; but tnat wasn't his opinion. I was brought back to the logs, under the pretence that instructions had to be waited for from Melbourne ; and another night of horror waB before me. My darling Mary and my chum, almost equally dear, did all they could to console me. But 1 was as blue aa blue could be; and they at last went off, Bob saying that he should see whether anything could be done.-. NowtW was hardly• man < intho^nUMmn ^ the whole cainp witO dHTKa ith the exception nt of «... the i P M whoBe sy^'pau^a were not entirely with' Rnth the noli™, W f th ™ e ' Both the police and the soldiers did j what thev could to make my position easier. ' but the prospect of sticking tied to a log VQtil iDS£ action8 could be received from Melbourne, and afterward having to stand one's trial per^ps for murder, wai any thing bnt pleasant for a young fellow of some 25 years of age; and, I can tell you, I hadn't police. And how they concocted it between them I don't know. But that night Bob got over the Stockade fence, and my tackle waB loose in a short time. We didn't stop to. swap knives then, you may bet your last halfcrown. The sentinel was blind for the minute, and we were over the sticks in a twinkling. The soldier fired when he caught Bight of us, but I am sarathat he had no inteution of hittinp. After one kiss from Mary we were away, and got safe through the busk across Mount Alexander. I needn't tell you of other adventures we had at the various 'rushes." We worked through several, sometimes with good luck and sometimes with bad. At last we went to Ballarat, and there I lost my dear friend. Bob was going past a shaft one day, when he learned that it had fallen in, and, like the brave fellow he was, he was the first to go down to the help of the men buried beneath tbe earth. Poor fellow, he had scarcely reached the bottom when another mass fell and pinned him down. I happened to be going down what is now called Bridgestreet when I saw the litter on which they were bringing him to the hospital, When he saw me his eyes brightened up, and the awful film for a moment cleared away, " Kiss me. Jack," he whispered ; and with that last kiss poor Bob passed away. Ay, boys, it was hard—wasn't it? How hard it was no one but myself will ever know. Well, I prospered in Ballarat. I lost no time in sending for Mary, and we were married. How happy we have been you can learn from Hum herself, uciecuj and euc unci vcu all the uia happiness I could give her. But I haven't told you the most curions part of the whole business—which makes the story worth telling. I never cared about thinking of Forest Creek. There waB very little of a row kicked up about my escape, for people cared precious little about a confounded Chinese, and I don't suppose if I had gone back in a coup'e of months that a single word would have been said to me, aa my friend tbe P.M. bad been removed. Still I couldn't like the plaoe somehow, and I never could get along with the chaff of my mates about "Who killed the Johnny?'and all that sort of stuff, After some years, however, I heard of a good opening for investment at the Creek, ~ and - after considerable mental debate 1 determined to make a visit. What changes had been made. I should scarcely have known !I the place ; and I had considerable difficulty in even making out the old landmarks. One day I was lounging at the hotel door when I noticed a Chinaman coming down the street with a pair of baskets swung on tbe cane. He had a peculiar twist in his neck ; but his face had been impressed too vividly on my memory for me to forget it. It was my Chinaman, and no otner. They are so confoundedly like each other that, as a general rule, it is bard to distinguish them apart. But, as I had seen the fellow in my dreams on an average twice a fortnight or so, I could not be mistaken if any one else could. There he was, or his ghoet; and ghosts are not £iven to carrying panniers, it might be a twin brother, to be surebut it was too much to f expect that any two would be so infer- ^n/hf 0^' J t °°'. th . at whe ? 5 canght my eye the fellow looked surprised; e and at any rate I was determined to satisfy myself about it before I left the place. Now Chinamen, as a rule, are not much regarded by white folk, and unless that they are dirty devils, and would live where a European would starve, we know little about them. The police are the eueptions, and 1 wasn l long in getting bergeant troude to give me DRhlRAmbfatino his assistance. Thaaa*«Aflnf The sergeant was one of those cute customers who so useful in the force, and who keep a sharp eve upon all the pretty fellows who might require attention. He at once spotted my man, and knew him under the name of Lee Hooey. Bat, of course, whether he was Lse -or Ah the sergeant could not tell, as he had beeu only a short time stationed at the Creek, and knew nothing about the " misadventure" until I told him. Some of you may think it strange that 1 took such a lot of trouble ; buD I can tell you when soa you K1 kill man—even a Chinaman—" jToiniVT,r U x a ™ aa- 7 . a and. if ^.Tini rX^Tifeehogafter it; feeli. »f ro^ible 1 wanted to get rid of the HI 01 n. fc. y was me no creditable sergeant was member a Dries. of society, L,se even io the Chinese camp; and the police ha<i iiim uoaer their thumb. By dint of threatp, and aleo by the coaxing of a lew of my nugette, he was induced to confess the whole affair ; and when 1 heard the story I was blessed nearly finishing the job there and then. I jHT fl hnv maH I lira Q nrhanTfKnnn).» thorough relief. It seems that they had carried him off, ind cured him themselves. It was a nasty crack. There was no doubt about it. And, as one of the mob died the evening before, they manufactured the corpse for the occasion. 1 don't suppose it waB a pleasant thing for either the police, the Magistrate, or the Jury. So the examination was of the shortest, and no one suspected any trick. The blackguards had a double string to their bow—a bit of revenee they had on the one side—and as we were driven oil the ground they had the reversion of our claim. splendid claim it turned'out'Vbe";' and That's the story, boys; and you may judge whether I am likely to have much love for the yellow plague which we have with ns much against our will.—SPEBO MELIOEA, in Town and Country. 