-EHuM**«fr Column. THE STORY OF AN OLD BRIDGE. (From Si. A'iduUu.J Past UL (Concluded.) Let ns now pass on in our account to the reign of Henry VIII. If we were to linger long over this reign we should be dazzled with pageants. There seems no end to them. There is, first, King Henry going over in gorgeous pomp to make war in France. The records f liriy take oar breath away with their accounts of it. Again, a few years after, Henry crossed to tueet Francis L on ' The Field of the Cloth of Gold/' the very name of which hints at the display of splendours on the way. In 1527 Cardinal Wolsey went over upa&*n embassy to France, in so glorious a Ba-jac ao mj VUWUUU! me King 01018611 , IOr ae added the magnificence of a cardinal -prince of Rome to the grandeur of being Lord Chan cellor in the Court of England. Then we hear of s-n imposing e-mb&ssy; {rom Prance, coming to invest Henry with the Order of St. MichaeL In due time, Anne Bolern appears on the bridge, riding beside Henry, to visit France. It was just after their return that they were secretly married. In. 1644, Henry goes over again ; bat now to fight Francis, of '- the Cloth of Gold,' his former friend, and he crosses the Channel in a ship the s .ils of which were made of cloth of gold. You can see his effigy t?-day in the Tower Armory, 'armed at all points, npOD a pied oourser/'just as he appeared when he set oat. And here let cs leave him. He was a great showman, bnt we can turn from him without regret. Bat were I to tell of ell whom he made to pass voder London Bridge, yon would think him a bloodv-mlnded villain. I do not care to emphasize it ; bat yon may know that the Thames was the 'silent highway' between i be great judgment hall at Westminster and the Tower; and that the Tower had a gate opening on the water, called the Traitore' Gate. Need I tell you more ? Think of the condemned men, who came down in boats with the he&dsman;'e axe tamed toward them, stooping their heads as the &xe; itself was lowered while they shot under the low arch of the bridge into the gloomy archway of their prison. The sight was nothing new, and it djd not end for many years ; bat the reign of Henry saw so much of it as to give me oc casion for mentioning it now. Bat my epace is diminising so fast that I most hasten on. Suppose we stop a moment, and look at another insurrection with which the bridge again bad something to do. It was in 1554. There was a rising of the ' Men of Kent,' under Sir Thomas Wyat, against Qaeen Mary. They were opposed to her coming to the throne — as they had good reason to be. Wyal, with two thousand *tnen, came toward London Bridge. The guns of the Tower blazed away at them over the river, but nobody was bit. When he reached the bridge, its gates were closed, and its draw had been cut away. There were signs 'of great confusion in the city. Tbe shops were shot, the women were shrieking, and the men were i mining about seeking for weapons. .Vow appeared a pro clamation offering a thousand pounds for vTyatfs head. To defy then, the more, he stuck bis name in large, buld letters oo bis cap — Thomas Wtat. Three days passed. The bridge would not let him over. Then be -went np river and crossed in bo&ts;, coming down that way to the city. Bat all its gates were dosed against him. He hod a fight at Temple Bar. and then bad to yield himself a prisoner. Queen Mary bad triumphed, bnt Wyatfa act bronght Lady Jane Grey to the block, and cune near causing the death of Elizabeth ; and London, to please the queen, now made great preparations to receive King Philip of -pain, the proposed husband of Mary, as he came over the bridge. This was the very man against whose coming Sir Thomas Wyat had struggled. Never was London Bridge so full of gibbets, never the bridge so covered with heads, as after this rebellion. Blooiy Mary began to It perhaps surprises yon that Sir Thomas Wyat could have been so easily stopped by the bridge at that time. If it had been an open roadway, it could not have stopped bun ; due it was coverea witn uui nooses, eome 01 them three and four stories in height. They were dwelling-houses and shops, ranged along on both sides, and overhanging tbe parapets. The street between them was a narrow arch way, only twelve feet wide, with wider spaces at intervals for foot passengers to get out of the way of the vehicles. London had not only gone over the bridge, bat had settled down noon it. This had occurred several times before, bat the booses were but shanties and had been removed. Now how ever, they were of quite a stately character. Von may imagine its odd appearance, and wonder how a decent city conj-l allow such an encumbrance along its greatest thoroughfare, but it was the way in th Be days. Hvery thiog was crowded together. T!:e city itself was a jam of houses, with bat narrow, crooked streets. In the reign of Charles II. there came a trodden relief to this state of things upon the bridge — and a relief which made as summary a change in the metropolis. A terrific fire broke oat, which burned down almost the whoVe of London. It began near the bridge, and then spread away in all directions. After ' a while it swept roand and came back, I plunging down the bill in a billow of flame, laying hold of the bonses on the bridge, j and leaving it nearly as bare as when it was built. This was odc of the bridge's wildest ex periences. It had always been on t he look oat against the water, and was prepired to let everything go over it, except rebels and each people. Bat the fire was a friendly enemy, and the bridge yielded a passage to it very gladly, we doubt not, when the tire oJeied to relieve its old back from the burden of nil those houses. It had nothing to fear for itself, though perhaps its aged Btony spine might have been a little Bcorched. The old bridge stood one hundred and seventy years after this, and looked on a London built much more substantially tb&n; ever before. It still bore cp the increasing tides of its life, flowing back and forth, and was more and mare famous every year, as its history grew more ancient and the people remembered what wondrous sights it No longer now did its quaint old form ap pear in grave history only, bat also in chronicles and stories, tn rom inces aud novels, and even in nursery tales ; for it was interwoven with tbe joys and sorrows, tbe Lights and shadows, of city life. Artists even found that they coold never draw a true picture of London without patting in Old London Bridge. It has been pictured io many wars, by daylight, and by moonlight, in the darkness of midnight and amid the mists of deep foga. The fame of it has gone everywhere, and can never pat* away. Its traditions atill linger close beside tbe magnificent granite structure which now spans the tiver in its stead. Some day you may stand on the parapet of the new bridge, and look at the [dace where the old bridge used to be, two hundred feet nearer the Tower ; a place that will know it no more, except as it may be the haunt of an invisible ghost of the bridge, over which I have just tried to t*ke you in a dream-walk, covering six handred long years. But do you know that its memory — the memory of its fame in the days gone by — has already been among you, in a way that yon have Drbbabiv never suspected? What would you say if I could prove that the bridge went overtbe Atlantic Ocean to America generations ago ; What would you say if I could show it to you, in one of the very games which you have played — perhaps are playing now to aranse the little ones ? When in your very young days you sang — ' lift op the gttcs ae hi?h m the efer. And let Kine George and his uxnji* pv-.a by.' as two of the biggest among you locked hands and formed an arch, which the others tried to ' Bhoot '* and were caught ; and then when still other arches were formed behind these, and the great pall set in, all shouting together what the first arch had begun — ' London Bridge ii taXting dovn— falling don '— what was it bat an echo of the past, the ancient voices of the children in old London town revived, chanting their beliti in tbe grey old bridge, that never, like their own little hands, could unlock its arches from their hold, break apart, or fell ! ' I was very long sceptical of the fascina tion anecdotes I heard on the attractive power of snakes,' says a correspondent in the EnglUk Mechanic ; '* however, ' live and learn1 is the common result of far travel and long life. I now write with the pen of an ob servant naturalist. I first noticed that frogs and lizards appeared to be enticed into tlie dread presence of their crawling enemy, and the former, seemingly bereft of power to escape, set up a squeaking note, u htcb gave me warning to get a stick, with which I exe cuted the stronger party ; then the frog hopped off as naturally as ever. In the case Of house lizards, they commenced a combined clicking chatter as they approached the intruder, leaving the lofty ceiling or perpen dicular walls (which nothing bat a bird could have reached) to meet their fate. They are much valued in Indian dwelling- bouses for this peculiar tendency, besides as killers of insects, and even scorpions. I have Been one of the latter worried and then carried off for food by these useful * Geckos.' It was shaken' and knocked on the ground (as a terrier serves a rat) until motionless. Hat I wae to see more interest ing instf rtf^a of * fascination' in due tiu*e. When I lived in Lower Bengal, my children a pretty mouse — bo nice and tame,' and how they had nearly caught it several times, as it lived behind a large rotten clothes basket in a corner. Breakfast was announced, and when nearly over we heard the unpleasant cry of * Snake ! Snake !' from the servants, who were cleaning the room, and had moved the basket. My stick soon despatched a fat juvenile cobra, or hooded snake, of the grey species, about two feet long. The moose I did not see ; probably he had been swallowed. The room being fall of furniture, why did not the moose ran aw*y to some safe retreat out of the snake's reach ? Agfcin another instance, 'as the moth to the candle.' I was standing in my little garden, away in Sooth Africa, buzzing and chirping under a hijjh bank over hanging a dry torrent. The mid-d*y sun was blazing hot against that rocky ground, although there were some wild trees growing oa its slope. I approached the spot very slowly and noiselessly, and, peeping over the rise, I saw a flock of many email birds wheeling and circliag with great rapidity and much chirping, till they revolved into a dense body, which might have been covered by an utibrtlla. They in their revolution nearly touched a large and th:ck black snake coiled up in a regular succession of folds (like a ship's rope), Imt his head avd Deck were erect, eyea Bpivt\ing, tongue darting bristly to and fro in his mouth. I F.gn&Ued; to my Kaffir man, then digging the ground within stones, and made many Rood shots (as those hawk-eyed men usually do). The agly reptile was only 'scotched, n-t killed,' for he .-lowly ascended a tree, receiving more battering, till we lost sight of him in the dense fnlia^e. lie was called a * bad sort,' aoJ the Kiiflir de clined all further pursuit. What made these birds swarm like bees into danger f 