[?] It ' , s satisfactory t o' k'n o w tb at 1 was making great progress iii my. medical studies, although I t'ad not )et attended a year's iectttres, fori had a natural aptitude for the. profession, and never allowed »»' .-.thoughts to. be diverted from tbe one object I bad in view-, viz., to become a well equipped medical practitioner: For a 'man to. become a good physician be must necessarily be a thorough anatomist, that he may know the different; parts of the human I, ody— discover their -situation; their .structure, and economy. " " ' . "u - I was fully ahve to the necessity or tins knowledge, and determined to make .myself master ' of the subject, even if I neglected other braticbes of medicine tiiore interesting and savory, but less useful. I had put my name down for a part to dissect but I bad to wait n very loug time before I could obtain it. This did not, however, prevent tnv visiting the dissecting room nt the college whenever I had the opportunity. It had, apart from iny desire to work and learn, a strange fas cination forme. I liked to listen to the remarks of my demonstrator as lie went" from student to student, pointing out what .was to be done as the ghastly operations proceeded. For the outsider it cannot be admitted tliat the dissecting-room is a very pleasani or inviting place. Imagine thirty or forty male and. female : corpBeB, . in all stages of decny, and variously aiutilated upon scientific principles. Each subject is on a zinc table at the foot of which is a bucket, in which is thrown the debris. if I may use tlie1 term. On tliis table, lies a beautifully-formed young woman, with delicately-carved features and'flow- ing raven locks. Poor girl:! She died in a iliospital with consumption:. I wondered why her body should be. brought here: 1 Had so beau tiful a creature.no friends? But a medical student lias little time for sentiment, however reflective he may be inclined to be. Before the shades of the evening had gathered round the ccnpel will have made that subject niirecognis: able by her own mother. . ..Further on "lies n bloated glassy-eyed wretch, li man with soddeticd sensuality and deep debauchery depicted on every feature. His body was almost purple. Jiivolnntorily I. turned from the sight with loath ing and disgust.. . " Mister B.. I've got a place for yon at last. It's all right. The Demonstrator says you- have'; drawn the head of the one over tliere,". said ' Patricks the janitor and keeper of the dissecting- room, as lie pointed to the corpse of the beautiful woman, and then he put a large flgure "1" oh it — each section of the body having particular numbers allotted to it. I .was rejoiced to bear of my good luck, j had long desired to dissect a head, the most difficult part of the human form, and how I was to be gratified. But what about my admiration for the lovely features ? Was I to be l-rute enough to slash and disfigure them without a .moment's feeling of pained sentiment ? Indeed I was. 1 was no longer a romantic youth. I. had to become a scientific butoher. A fellow- student was engaged in dissecting one of her feet. " Berry," said my companion, iri rather, thick tones, " This is glorish work, isn't it ?" I looked at hini. It was obvious that M—rhad been making too protracted a visit to an adja cent pub. His band was very unsteady, and he was cutting and slashing the flesh. of the subject . iu a most unskilful manner. Tlien he suddenly said : - " Guesh I'll goi home and Bleep and come back again. Good- bye, old fellersh," he gasped as lie left the room. . I continued steadily at iny work until all the students bad left, and I wa's alone with the head. Thank Heaven no relations were there to see that altered face! Just a sudden spasm of eentiment. Patrick' moved noiselessly about the room, picking up bones, flesh, and skin that bad been cast aside, -which wtre thrown carelessly into a: barrel, to be carried away afterwards. He whistled lively Hibernian music as he per formed this disagreeable duty. Perhaps, how ever, it was not disagreeable to him. "Patiick," I. said, as the clock "struck seven ; " -Fin going to get something to eat," "Are you coming back again, Misther Berry?" ."' Oh, yes." \- "-Shure and I'll be here and see that every-, thing's all right." ,;It was nine o'clock when I returned to the dissecting-room. Patrick had lighted the gas jet over my subject, and, donning tny'gowtti I went to work with renewed vigor. No other students were there ; the other parts of the rooin were in darkness, and riot a sound was heard but the delicate cut of my scapcl as I laid bare the perves and muscles. I -am not superstitious, but being at work ..alone, surrounded hy tbe ghastly dead, made me from time to time look furtively behind me to see if any of the ghosts of .those who tem porarily rested here 'Were observing iny inove-' ments. : I turned the head over a little to the right) arid as its glassy eyes seemed to rest on mine piteonsly, I heard suddenly an unenrthly groan." It .startled me. I attempted to turn the gtis higher, with the usual result in such circum stances, that I turned it out, and was left in total darkness: The sound was repeated, as if some creature was in pain, and I felt cortain I saw a \- body on one of the tables get up and glare at me with a look of fearful ferocity. This seemed to ; turn my blood to ice, and " freeze the very mar- . row. in my bones.'' I lost my presence of mind. . I staggered. I fell to tbe door in a fainting fit. I do not. know what time it was when I recovered, but it seemed to me as if several hours had elapsed.' I put my hand to my forehead, and it- was damp with blood. I must have stuck my' bead against a bucket or the edge of the table : in falling. I had no matches 'in my pocket. I called, I yelled ; only to hear the piotcing- echo' of my own voice. I grew almost frantic. What a horrible position to be in, shut up there , atriong those cold, clammy, mutilated corpses. : .Fear took possession of my agitated senses ; I was no longer the philosophical medical student. No ; I was a frenzied, delirious madman. I ad dressed the corpse that I was dissecting, and a mocking laugh seemed to dome from above me. I groped my way frantically toward whence the sound came. I put my hand on the table, where I remember the bloated drunkard's corpse lay. I touched the face ; it was war'rii, and a deep groan was emitted. The man had comb to' . life agaiu or was never dead ; and yet I could have sworn I had seen his heart laid bare on that day fay one of the students. Weak from loss of blood, I fell again, arid remembered nothing more until-I found myself iti my room in bed, with a' nurse, a doctor, and two or three of mv fellow-students in'atteh- dance. .. . ; . \- ' I' might have been more serious;" said the L who was professor of nervous diseases at the college; " lie will soonget well again i. now. The doctor was right. - My recovery / was rapid but it was many years before I ; got over that horrible night. & t "i? aH my fault " 8tt'd M— to me, when f, S , dwn rt0 lectures once more ; " I tS.1101® ai> 1 could comfortably carry when I hS Jf >eT!ng> «hile l was making : t of tnat woman. I went aivay r, SS07fh-rS 0 fribnde with wliom I had m U'l throe bottles of champagne. I got back 1' ahout 11 ,ok and tried to dissect biiV rif irBto b-d1' mT ' ' \ muS'ned that I'was go- table bvhe' sH JJndre68ed "»d lay doivn ori a I iip . . , 8lde of one of the subiects When p old Patrick came in tlm : v.M®n I ££ J1 sorry and ask your foigTve'ness - S aT' I me to bo abstemious in Kr' I'd ir when dissecting." ' d especially Dr. S-i.now a professor oE io.o,iptWe a„'d ' surgicai anatomy - in a well-known university ; whilst my specialty is nervous diseases, and I have already) gained a considerable reputa tion. . -'4';, 