"A FISHr, A PIEMAN AND THE BOYS." (A PIECE PLAYED ON TILE BOARDS OP T'?i "(ROYvAL," RIIDOGE-STIiE'r, BlENALLA.) A play, involving souse fairly humorous points, was performed on a certain part of Bridge-street, in the township of Bonalla, on the Lord's day that has passed. "The dramatui peraons were a twelve pound Murray cod, a flying pieman-hoop-lal-(ha 1 I ha I lI1) a rollicking young liutcher-a chip oil Butcher boy, who ran at the municipal races the other day-and a couple of other people who sell old women's night caps and stockings by the yard, the audience being composed of a life saving apparatus in the shape of a doctor, and a lot of little " titters," inl eluding four ragamullins, a carpenter andk a magpie. A few of the unwashed, as well as Ia hairy Bobby, stood away in the bIck-ground. They all looked their very best, as the day was the holy Sabbath. The pilot of the piece was based on the Seventh Commlandmlent, which says :-"Thou Shalt not Steal," the points being simply these:-The Ilying-pieman (hoop-la again)-a good natured, pushing, slim-built little man -went to bed as usual early on Satur day eveoing, though not before le he had eaten a somewhat heavy meal, but just about mid-night--" when churchyards yawn and graves give up their dead" -hle set about a-dreamning, and, after kicking all his covering off with the fright of an imaginary attack by Tour Thum and Shang the Ginut, lihe suddenly found himself hanging on by the skin of his teeth to the ear of a wild boar. The flying pieman is a man of superstitious mind, so when he got out of his bunk next morning lihe cut up his dream to mince (neat and concluded that lie would go away fishing. B]reakfast partaken of, oilff lie Vwent for soime orIIIms. lBut no worms could be found. It happened that on the previous night lie had driawn the blood of a Tomn cat. Tomn, of course, was stretched out all-fours in the kitchen, awaiting further treat Imlent, with one or.two of his mourning friends around him painting Requier'at m pace on the back of his villainous old skull. But suddenly the flying piomaen got a new idea "Ibout his intended fishingexpeditionso he let flyn canister of burning fat and Scotch thistles at tile canine crowd, the result leing'that one of the members of the congregsatioli auiddenlygaveup the ghost. Inless than. the five hundred and fifty thousandth ~ct part of It second tihere were baits ithout for a million,l so off the li enttot Bn .lwedt to the Broken rivbr and hooked a Murray cod-weighing at least Ia doe~: poundoi and standing 11 feet 11 inches 1. high mtlloutboots or stockingl on, and possessing ia corporation of which many a little person might feel proud. In lie was tile real cut of a "swell.". But , the fish had a laugh at tile fisherman, -, and so Ihad the gods as. well, for as it was being carried home upon albieri, all Arabia came outtosee it. The young butcher wvept because tile lying pie.. man was so lucky. But, being adlevil amongst tile tailors, lie 1iloe up ihis mind to get it, so as soon as the corpse was laid out in tile deadl house-iand.a, beautiful corpse it was--tiheo flying'pie man was invited to a supper.of tihree. stillar poison and rooster brotlh liy all thl " f rogues of the period. But while the feast was being partakeni of, the rol. licking young butcher m1ale off with the cod with the craft of a sixty-year. old Tom . tt. As loon as the flying lioulinn 'found out this lie got almo?st " ropeable," as Italians say,-" tearing ranting mad"- an off lihe went to the King of the Cannibal Islands and re ported about his Ic s. In the meantime the corpso was washed, shavee], cleaned and put into ia beautiful shroud of cong lomerate fat and fried. As soon00 as that was done it was served out aniong the gods, with roarl's of laughteoi, and in jest, the work of interring it iii their:: stomachs having been completed just ,s as the Bobbies arrivedl upon the scene, The play was thus brought to a close itl a most enjoyable manner, the variouse; actors concerned therein having takei their parts in first-class style. We { Ce:annot conclude our criticism of the plot without compliimenting the jolly young butcher, and the few harem sknrems who assisted him, upon the manner in which they worked together inll the play to destroy all traces of tl`'"! crime and so appear in the eyes of their audience that the police, the detectives and their informant were outwitted by such a well-designed in vention-the enfire demolition of tile pieman's fish, which, to speak in Scrip tural tones, has now gone the way of all flesh.-- Requiecat in pace. li WVlIn ANn H.crru.-If you will stop al youlr extralvagant aidll rirllng notiolns it doctoring yourself ilnd families with expenl. sire doctors, or humiliug cure-alls, that do' harm always, and use only nIture's simple remedies for all your aiinents-yeo will lbe wise, well l an happy, and save great expense. 'Thie greatest remedtly for this, the great, wise and cood will tell you, is l)r Soulo's Ameri. au Ifop liitters-- rely oil it. 'OWL'?'S P'NV1'YIOYAL AND STRIL PILL FOR FRIIALIF? quivkly correctdl Ir regularities, and relieve the distressing symptoms eso pevalent with the sex. lioxes, Is I .d and i2s ,l, of all Chemists nil Patent Medicine Vendors. Prelopled onel iy the L.incolu and Midland Counties lirag Co. Lincoln, IiEngland Who'esale of all the 1tuses. Beware o' Imitations W\''IIT IS MOST UNLIKEc A 0RSIPT'!-,Teil I n's Cod Liver Oil, because it never "roe peats." And why is a childillsh remark like. Jeisen's Cod Liver Oil! llecause it is so " pecr-ile." A hottle purchased at the near. est chemist's for Is. 2s. or :s. tiIl. will quickly prove that Jenisen's Pure Cod Liver Oil ihas hisolutely no after taste, while for nourish. ing properties it has no eqlal. It strength. oils the digestive organs ill a most extra. ordinlary allllnner. A former anrtyr to dys. lpepsia writes, "I tried eyerythilg witlhoat success, unitil recomlceniled Junsel's Oil.,! This, if I take it regularly, keeps mee free from my former lpainfull attacks." A mother writes, " My little girl since taking Jenon's Oil has lost lher troublesome cough at night, and begins to look rosy anld plump again. She rmilllllls me of her "' Jensen l if I forget. it. -W\Vholesale Agents-Rocke, ''Topsitt, andl C., 2lelboliurne. Ilolloways Pills.-Teachings of experl. ence.-iThe United testimony of thousands, extetnding over mllore than forty years, most st'llgly recoiiendls these Pills are te e best liprifyers, the mlldest aperients, dul the surest restoratives They neover prove delusive, or give merely temnporary relief, lint attack all aiiments of the stomach lungs heart, head andl owels in tiu only safe a1nd1 legitimate way, ,y departling the blood, and so eradicating those inlpurities which are the source anil conlstituent of almost every disease. Tneiir lmedicinal efliecy is wondlerful in renovating enfeebled constltu. tions. T'lheir action embraces all that Is desirable in a houseclold medicine. They. expel every oxioas andltl effete matter;: and thus tihe strength is iutureduand tile energies V.AlR.ATrlo' or CIuMAr.T,-Ohl colonists s"", that some thirty years'ago the severity of the winter was not so great as it lihas been of late years, and there was then, espeelally in the interior of Australis, a cotlparative immunity from coughs, colds, and aifertions- r of the chest and lungs. New chuims, and very many otlers, inow know by frequently paillfull experienco that this state of thlings noi longer exist', ai l that around the coast. lice of this continent, especially whore there is a considerabloe lopulatiog , colds, coughsi andl such like are very prevalent ti the wilter. Last seasonll Iunllerouls testillonials were sent to the local proprietors of Dr lloau ionit's llrazililn Balsam, certyfying to its wonderfil curontlo' proporties. Mr J. liller, of Izett-street l'rahran, wrote*- "Last week I had a seovere cough, which pi'eveoted .me fromi sleeping several nights, whenl I get a bottle of your Beaumont's .. llrazilcun Ballsam, from which, after taking two or three ldoses, I founid immense relief, ill faict the coagh left mo, and I am now quit werll," anld air H. Clhegwidilden of,:.r i (hreen.ostreu t Windisor. says: " Your Beali' lmont' Brazilinl Ralisail completely cared a., severe col and lchest affection from whlich I suffered for a long time, I tried eaoveral other things lefore I had your Balsim, nd u : was so badil that I coilil not work for three iloiths.i Since your Balsaiin cured lee I have not hal1 tile slightest ailmont oreyomptol or aniy retuirn of the leisoese." Dr Beau. ilae1t' ]lrczilin BIal an is sol in bottles Is Odl and t Oil eachl, anld iny be obtahdi:i thriloglh their wholesalo dreggist in iMol. iournee. Ask for tills partliclarr remedy, andi if you want to cure take no other. Shoiui you fiid a dlifficulty in getting thise preparatiot locally, you are requstd to se~l dirct to the wwholesale agoets for Australia, whose adldrcess is below. Eclosae with yiour order the pirice of the nedlclelo as alve, wlithl sixpeioe extra for carriage, In iOstagre stamps, andl the agents will send you tie pureparation .carefully packed, by retara poet or train, to 003' pert of the cololln. Ihlimeslm 01establhlleci fire1 sill: : ill like imanoor send, carefully p?ckeid, cy nmuedicino oif preparation connaected with their Iiusnlls as Chlmeists, to ally person who may favor them with olarders. IPrecriptlons fiaitlhfiilly disepeonedl, aiiil Ieeidhilclh promptly fourwaerdied. ,VITT and Co,, Cleleists cer nocr of Clhapel, aid Vlotorla sreeta, Prahraln, Melboourne, 