WRONGLY SUPPOSED TO END. An elderly gentlemen rest ing in the Rae Rcchechouart, Pans, who was supposed to be dead, has suddenly come to life. He has a inwhoinformed ctphtw Patis, being duly of his demise repaired at once to the house with hie wife to keep watch over the mortal rrmains of hie ancle until they should be borne to their last resting-place. The evening after tbeir arrival at the house cf mourning, as tbe lady wac tired, her husband cent her to the drawing- room to take some repose on a sofa ; and a servant having placed some wjne and broth on a table, be threw fcimself into an arm-chair in the bedroom and sobn went coucdly to sleep. On awaking at 4 in the moreiiig he found that the broth had disappeared and that tbe bottle of wine was half-empty. Becoming .alarmed be went to hi 6 wife in tbe drawing room, rouged her, and told her what £had hay pf ted. She returned to the bedroom witn him, but the pair bad hardly reached the door v/htD they beard a noiee. They paused on tbe tbrecbold, and to their consternation a voice bade tbein not to be afraid but to come in. Tbe hufcfcacd entered the room, but soon rushed out with bis Lair standing on end. He had teen Lis uocle'e ghost. Tbe old rjcao cm sit tier, enveloped in a «beet, on the side of his bed. The supposed carptte had the utmort difficulty in getting his pacicctricken relatives to underet&sd; tbst he was not dead after all. "I am alive!" be repeated, adding th?t the preparations for bis fooeraJ bad not escaped his notice. He bad been in a lethargy, and, waking up, bad helped him self to toe broth, which bad done him good. Heating come one approaching be bad jumped into bed, as be was anxious not to cause any alarm; but Richard was himself again. He felt perfectly recovered, and certainly on closer examination tbe uncle's appearance by no ' means belied his words, 'foe refreshments bad come in most opportunely to rwrtore him, and, bb be was much pleased with tbe affec tionate attention which bis relatives bad shown ! him after bis supposed departure from this world, every thing was soon made nappy and comfortable all ronud. The doctor of tbe quarter bad not yet officially continued the demue of tbe worthy uncle, who seems to ii&vc; taken a new lease ef life. I 