The Melbourne Mission of i888. OFFICIAL REPORT. TBe Secretaries print below reports from the various parishes of the work of the mission, and the results as far as known. They are conscious that the truest and best results of euch work cannot be tabulated, bat they feel that what ia here recorded is ample reason for deep thankfulness to Almighty God for His manifest blessing vonchsafed to this effort for His glory. For many of these reports they are indebted to the Missionary, the clergy having referred them to' that paper. 1\. St. Albans, Abmadale, Miesioner, Eev. F. G. Neild. — Report by Rev. F. Webb. Impossible at this early period after the mission to tabulate results fully. Services were well attended. The preaching was characterised by clearness and great earnestness. Many brought to decisiou who were already on the brink. Some who were not in the habit of attending church came, and we trust may continue their attendance. Many letters have come to hand testifying to blessing received. 2\. Holy Trinity, Balaclava. Missioner, Rev. W. Stacey Chapman.— Report by Rev. Dr. Torrance. Oannot as yet judge of results, but believe that much good has been done by the earnest and stirring addresses of the missioner. Have already seen some fruit, and hope to see much more. 3\. St. Barnabas', Balwyn. MisBioner, Rev. J. C. Love. The mission in this district was held at the two churches of St. Barnabas', Balwyn (the mother church), and St. George's, Surrey Hills. The miBsioner gave in all twenty addresses — three to children, six to communicants, and eleven to the parishioners in general. There waB a daily celebration of Holy Communion, at which there was an average on each week day of eleven communicants. Many persons have expressed themselves deeply thankful for the earnest words of the mission preacher, and I have no doubt that good work has been done. A practical evidence of this is found in the fact that the Sunday-schools and congregations which assembled at the two churches on the Sunday after the mission were the largest we have ever had up to that time, and last Sunday (though wet) the Sunday scnooi attendance was larger still. Fresh workers have been called out, and many young persons have given in their names as candidates for confirmation and members of Bible-classes. New names have been added to the communicants' roll and the ranks of our church workers. At the thanksgiving service a Bible (revised version) and Prayer-book were presented to the missioner, the Rev. J. C. Love, as a memento of the good he had done among us. It is early yet to speak of results, for the future lives of our people must show the reality of the work, but I do believe that some souls have been brought nearer to Christ than ever before, and have resolved to choose the better part which shall never be taken away. 4\. Bbighton. Missioner, Rev. A. Kill worth. These services commenced on Saturday evening, 21st July, by an address of welcome to the missioner, the Rev. Arthur Killworth, who then delivered an address to the workers of the parish. The services throughout were well attended, and there was evidently a feeling of deep solemnity pervading the minds of the worshippers. The addresses of the missioner were marked by an earnestness and sincerity which could not fail to produce their due effect upon the hearers. That his efforts were appreciated, and his exertions productive of good, was evidenced by the number both of those who remained for the 'after services,' and of those who sought privately the spiritual counsel and advice of the missioner. We are glad to add that the missioner expressed himself sincerely gratified with the result of his mission among us. The office-bearers of the church presented Mr. Killworth, on his departure to Sydney, with a handsome Bible, as a small token of their appreciation of his earnest and self-denying labours. 5\. St. John's, Cambbrwbll. Missioner, Rev. Dr. Corlette. — Report by Rev. A. W. Cresswell. On the whole, considering the- inclement state of the weather, especially during the last few nights of the mission, the badness of the xoads, and the scattered condition of the people here, the attendance at the week evening services kept up very well indeed, there being an average of about 120. Of course the church was well filled on Sunday, and especially on Sunday mornings. The service for men only on the last Sunday afternoon was, however, somewhat thinly attended, owing to a great downpour of rain just beforehand, but even at this there were 70, mostly young men. The addresses of Dr. Corlette were throughout earnest, ' mighty, and powerful,' and were listened to with the utmost attention and interest by the people. There were not many, however, who stayed to the after-meetings, and those who did so were for the most part workers and regular communicants. In regard to what are commonly called ' the direct spiritual results of the mission,' although I do know of some who were more or less careless before, and have since become anxious and thoughtful about spiritual matters, two or three having offered themselves for confirmation, and others who were already confirmed having Bince come to the Lords table, still, on the whole, I feel that the work here has been rather a work of building up than of laying foundations; and in this point of view, a considerable number of people have assured me that they have derived a good deal of spiritual benefit and instruction from the missioner's preaching, and have expressed their warmest gratitude both to him and to me ; and one ' token for good' that I cannot forbear mentioning was that at an early communion, in which the missioner himself celebrated, on the Tuesday morning after the mission week, though at so early an hour as quarter-past seven, there was an attendance of as many as thirty communicants, so on the whole I think I may prononnce the mission here to have been fairly successful, and say that we have every reason ' to thank God and take courage.' 6\. St. John's, Cattlfield. Missioner, Rev. J. Southey, of St. Paul's, Ipswich, Queensland. — Report by Rev. J. B. Gason. Careful preparation had been made in the parish, every house having been visited by the incumbent, tne ±iev. j. a. uason, anatne inmates invited to the missions. District visitors for Beveral weeks distributed tracts in each house. Meetings were held at which a special choir practised the hymns, also for prayer. Everything that could be done was done to make the mission a success; but we regret to say the missioner, who had already won the attention and affection of the congregation, was laid aside though illness on Wednesday, and could not preach again until Sunday (22nd). On Thursday and Friday the incumbent conducted the services, and on Saturday the Rev. A. C. Kellaway, M.A., kindly officiated. Services were held during the week as follows, and were fairly attended : — Eight a.m., three p.m., and half-past seven p.m. Sunday — eight a.m., Holy Com munion ; service, eleven a.m. and Holy Communion ; children, three p.m.; service, seven p.m. After-meetings followed each evening service, to which the greater part of the congregation remained. 7\. St. Mary's, Caulfield. Incumbent, Rev. H. B. Macartney, M.A. — Missioner, Rev. F. Elder, B.A., of Castlehiil, N.S.W. ' The mission in the parish was carefully prepared for, information fully given, literature freely circulated; meetings for prayer organised in private houses all through the previous weeks. The preacher came with his matter carefully prepared and his heart full, and at once gained the confidence of the people. There is but one opinion as to his fitnesB, only one feeling of thankfulness to God who sent him. He did not reach the masses, who are always hard to get at, specially in a place so scattered, but he got at valuable lives, who will work on with new light and courage. The week after the mission at St. Mary's the Rev. W. A. Charlton took up 'a six days' mission' at Camdentown, a village in Caulfield, and was greatly appreciated and blessed. In. both missions the Rev. C. H. Parsons took a leading and most influen tial part, assisted by Mr. Edgar Shilleyfrom England, a splendid choir, and a band of devoted lady visitors. 8\. St. Jude's, Carlton. Missioner, Rev. Canon Langley. — Report by Rev.. J. Lewis. Good work was done here, with satisfactory results. The prepara tion was thorough, and the workers earnest and numerous. The early morning meetings were well attended throughout, when instructions on ' The Person and Work of the Holy Spirit ' were given by the missioner. At the evening mission services earnest and striking addresses were given to large congregations. Perhaps [ the most prominent feature of the mission was the largely attended [ men's meeting. Here the missioner spoke with special point and j[ power, and seemed to deeply impress his large audience. What we |! know of results is but the indication and pledge of a more wide- -- spread work, which shall declare itself hereafter. Meanwhile we \ know of some who have forsaken sin. and of many who have won ^ deeper faith, clearer light, and fuller joy in Christ. [ 9\. St. Michael's, North Carlton. i Incumbent, Rev. Thos. Quinton. — Missioner, Rev..W. W. Clarke. The mission opened here with a meeting for prayer, and an address to Christian workers by Mr. George Clarke, brother of our missioner, on Saturday evening, 14th July. The attendance was |, good, and much interest was manifested. The ordinary services of the Church were held on Sunday morning; and evening, with large congregations. The Sacrament of the Lord's Supper was administered after morning prayer. A service for children was held on Sunday afternoon. Many parents, as well as teachers and children, were present. Our morning meeting for prayer at a quarter to eight commenced with an attendance of 12, and soon increased to between 30 and 40. \ Mission services were conducted every evening of the week, at J which, many attended, and a good number were impressed. The \ missioner (the Rev, W. W. Clarke) had personal interviews with f- ? . ' ? ^ those 'seeking counsel and instruction. On the last Sunday of the mission twice the ordinary number met at the Lord's table: to com memorate His dying love. The mission closed with a thanksgiving service1 on Monday evening. Some 40 people sent in question papers, arid testified to having received blessing during the- mission; services. . ?.;.?? 10. Cheltenham. . v . ...... Incumbent, ' Rev. A. Caffin.— Missioners, Revs. J. S. Woods, J. F. ; Frewin, ahd; T.J.Wright. . Oar mission afc Cheltenham .was not remarkable .fo^ the crowded congregations drawn together, owing to various causes. ; We have a peculiar people in our midst here, as you are aware, in the sect calling themselves 'Disciples of Christ,'' and' they., are very exclusive, yet at the same time great proselytisers. (They will hot allow their .people to ' attend other churches, but will steal all your members if they cani We, had other attractions in the shape of local election meetings, circus, juvenile exhibition treat, and so on, all of which' affected us., But we had the godly people with us, and they were greatly helped;, and we would have liked the services to have continued longer. ? . Mr. J.. S. Woods is best described as by one of the mothers in Israel in the parish here : 'He is a dear, good man— a real Christian,' and by his simple Christian earnestness lifts those around him into holiness of thought and feeling, and I trust of being. The mission at Gipsy Village waB, as a matter of course, a very limited work; but Mr. Wright is a man who does not count heads, but hearts, and appeals directly to them and thus gets a greater per centage of converts than some men., Like a blacksmith at his anvil, every blow from his hammer seems to tell, and he forges out a work that must be lasting. Mr. Wright was - to have divided his time between Gipsy and Bald Hill ; but the latter fell through, owing to the Presbyterian minister refusing to allow me the use of a little wooden church. there,. built for all denominations, but vested in the presbytery. N . . :; .. ? . . . ;.,.:. Mr. Frewin did; a splendid work at Liitle Brighton, filling the church nightly ; and the testimonies which he received at- the close of the mission were most remarkable. In, more than one instance the testimony was from the whole family. Of course in this mission all denominations united, iand, in consequence, the blesBing is more widely diffused. . , , 11\. COBURG. i . 'Missioner, Rev. T. Jenkyn, M.A. — Report by Rev. J. Caton. Average attendance at each of the fifteen services, 127. The interest was well sustained. Praiseworthy efEoits have been made by a body of earnest workers to renovate the church, which was sadly out of repair. One young gentleman expressed a wish to the Bishop to be a clergyman ; another will be licensed as honorary reader in the parish. Stirring and practical addresses were delivered by tike mjssioner, also by the incumbent. The missioner held services in the Reformatory (for. girls), and in Pentridge he preached to the prisoners. A branch of the White Cross Union will, probably be formed. The Bishop preached on Sunday evening, the 22nd,: to an ov.'erBxnying congregation. : ; . ,i. : .-.,... .?!-(.::- ,-l ;,.,,; ..,,12# gT( Andrew's, Collingwood.- r ? .: ..;... Missioner, Rev. W., A. Campbell. — Report by Rev. }3. A. Thomas. The Sunday services were well attended, and the week-night service fairly so. : A good number came to the early morning prayermeet ings, and many testified to being greatly blest. An afternoon meeting was also held daily, and, though not largely attended, was accompanied with sweet influences. ? Altogether the mission has done much good 'inside the church. The Rev. W. A. Campbell was al ways earnest and faithful, and led on many to a higher Christian walk. At the thanksgiving service on Monday night a handsome Bible was pre sented to Mr. Campbell, containing the autographs (about 40) of the communicants present., ..? -': ?-, .;-?. ,-.:??? .; ? -13. St. Philip's, Colmngwood. :''? ? ' Missioner, Rev. J.'H. Mullens.— Report by Rev.' W. W. Mantell. Our, mission has proved to us a time of great spiritual refreshing The eloquent pleadings of . our missioned made a; deep impression upon the hearts of the people. The number of attendants increased day by day, in spite of most untoward, circumstances. Very deep regret was expressed by verymanythat the mission season was over. ; '; : . 14. St. Thomas', Essendon. ' ' /--/Missioner, Mr. George Clarke,— Report by Rev. D. M. Berry. 'Meetings crowded to utmost capacity of church. On Wednesday evening the meeting was for men only ; 300 present. About SO gave their names and addresses ; as men resolved to give to Christ the place in their hearts and lives which He claims. On Sunday afternoon,. the 22nd, the church was crowded with children to hear the address on 'Rags and Paper.' The neighbouring Con gregational ' and Presbyterian Sunday-schools adjourned to St. Thomas' Church, to attend this meeting. A prayer-meeting was held daily, to seek for. a blessing on the mission. Many1 profess to have found Christ for the first time. One hundred and thirty-seven' re ceived the Lord's Supper on Monday. A thank-offering of about £450 was given, and devoted to the erection of a parsonage. ..y : is.. St. Luke's, Fitzroy North. ?'.'.? . , ^Ih'cumbent, Rev. G. I. ?Armstrong.— Missioner, Rev. Charles C. in ;'0,':- '??'??' '????' '? ' ?' -Dunstan. ?' ?? '; ???' -'-;- ?' ' The mission was conducted by the Rev. Charles 0. Dunstan, of, Orange, ,N'.S.W. Preparation, had been made. by a. very 'general d^sjbribution of tracts, and. injyitations,_ resulting in-increased attendr. ances at' the Vawpus services.' By far t&^ remained for the after-meeting. A good number sought private counsel from the missioner. i .-. ? ? The visible result from the mission is increased numbers at the Sunday and week-night services and the Lordjs table. Several have offered themselves as teachers in the Sunday-school* ' . , 11 ; ' ? 16. Footsceay. ' Missionerj Rev. J. Dixbn.— Report by Rev. H. F. Scott. Mission well attended throughout, and was daily increasing. Good, and I trust abiding, results will ensue. Many have acknow ledged the benefit they have received. There was a heartiness and quietude about all the meetings which indicated deep, impressive, and fervent devotion. The meetings for men and women only were most useful and refreshing, and were largely attended. Mr, Dixon has a happy way of reaching people's hearts ? through their intellects. He is a fervent and eloquent speaker, and deeply*, im pressed me and my people with the charm and power of Christ's Christianity. His visit here has, I feel sure, been a great advantage to all. I ........ : 17. Christ Church, Hawthorn, Missioner, Ven. Archdeacon MacCullagb.— Report by Rev. W. Wood. Our eight days' mission was full of interest and profit to all con. cerned. For a month before the mission commenced, b'y ;the diligent efforts of the Rev. W. Parkes, a willing band of earnest, self-denying lady workers was gathered together, who went .'to arid fro'daily through the parish, leaving leaflets and asking all to'cdirie. Our 'missioner came to us fully prepared to enter heartily into the work which was appointed for him ; and as each service followed1, it was evident that an increasing interest and a growing depth of feel ing was felt by the numerous congregations which gathered day after day to listen to his earnest, heart-searching, eloquent addresses. The eight days were brought to a close by a thanksgiving service on Monday evening, when, without any special appeal, the whole 'con gregation, with two exceptions, remained to partake of the Load's Supper. ' ; '?'?' , ' ' ' 18. St. Colttmb's, Hawthorn. Missioners, Rev. J. D. Langley and W. A. Charlton.— Report by Rev. j T. H. Armstrong. . Careful, preparations had been made for the mission in this parish. Ladies were appointed to visit every Church of England family each Iveek for about two months beforehand, and daily during the mission, .and carried out their work very thoroughly.- The weekly meetings held for intercessory prayer were fairly well attended, and were continued each morning during the mission, from half-past seven to eight a.m., with an average attendance of .nearly 100 persona. A mothers' meeting, two Bible readings, two meetings for men only, and four children's services' were held during the afternoons, and all well attended. At the evening services there was ari-i aver age attendance of about three hundred, nearly all of whom remained for the afters-meetings, and many stayed at the close to seek advice and help from the missioners. Numbers of the -workers remained every evening after service for a short prayer-meeting in the Guild room; ? There was : an early celebration on each ' Sunday, at eight a;m., and a third celebration on Monday evening; at the close- of the thanksgiving service, at which- last there were 130 Communicants. The spirit manifested throughout was' exeeU1 ^ent— quiet, earnest and deeply reverential, and ib is believed much good will result from the mission to many souls. ' -..;?'?', 19. Holy Trinity, Kew. , ' Incumbent, Rev. Canon Vance.— -Missioner, Canon Green, of Porb ! ' Adelaide.' F,or two months previous to the mission the work of preparation had been going on actively in the pariah. In response to an irivita iibn from the incumbent, 45 workers met on Friday, May 11th, in the schoolroom,*to hear an address from the Rev. J. F. Stretch, secretary to the mission, and had given their names for work of tarious kinds. A mission choir of ladies and gentlemen, numbering about 50 was got together, and every Wednesday the workers met after the usual evening service, to receive whatever papers were to be circulated during the week, to hear an address on the subject of the mission, and to practice the mission hymns. The Bishop's letter was circulated through the parish at the beginning of May— a letter from Canon Green (the missioner) at the beginning of June. The Incumbent's letter was the last word before the mission, and was not circulated till the first week in July. In addition to , the work done before the mission began, most of the workers went '.through their districts two or three times during the mission, and a special . effort was made with regard to the Wednesday evening mission service for men only — a number of young men making a house to house a visitation of the principal streets and all the warehouses, and giving cards of invitatian, printed for the purpose, to all who would, take them. j. ? ?- ? ' '?'....'? The mission commenced on Saturday evening, July 14th,' with a welcome meeting to introduce the missioner. At this meeting 290 attended, and a deep impression was made by the solemn words spoken by Canon Green, who explained the general object of the mission, and particularly the meaning and plan of the after-meetings and services of intercession which he proposed to conduct. He announced that a communication box would be placed in the church porch to receive all letters intended for, him,, all requests for inter views, and for intercessory prayers. ? ? ? On Sunday, . July . 15th, ' there were 54 communicant^- at the early celebration, The sermon at the midday service (the congrega tion being 460);was preached by Canon Chalmers froml Thess. v. 9.: '?0od hath no^appointedjiis tojvv'rath, b,ut to, obtain salyatiqnrby o\aiV . Lord Jesus Christ. ' In the afternoon Canon Green addressed 300 children on the subject of 'God the Father.' In the evening there was a very large congregation (600) and the Missioner preached from Isa. lxii. 1. ? The services during the week were as follows : — Monday, July 16. — Half-past seven a.m., celebration ; 16 com mnnicantB ; missioner preached (Matt, xxviii. 20). Eleven, service of intercession; 100 attended. Intercession explained. Three p.m., meeting for women ; 70. ' Ministering to Christ.' Half-past seven, mission service; 270; after-meeting, 190. 'Driven. of the Devil.' Tuesday, July 17. — Half-past seven a.m., 28 communicants. ' Arise and Eat' (meditation). Eleven, Bible-reading ; 70 (Psalm li.). Quarter-past four p.m., children ; 250. ' God the Son.' Half past seven, mission service ; 350 ; 200 after-meeting. ' ' Repentance.5' Wednesday, July 18. — Half-past seven a.m., 24 communicants. ' I am not Worthy' (meditation). Eleven, intercessory service; 63\. 'Moses praying at Rephidim.' Three p.m., women; 96. 'Passing the Love of Women.' Half -past seven, men only; 220. ?'Pure in Heart;' 23 enrolled as members of White Cross Union. The addresB has been printed by request. Copies may be had for White Cross Unions on application by clergymen to Canon Vance. Thursday, July 19. — Half-past seven a.m., 18 communicants. ?' Because ye belong to Christ' (meditation). Eleven, Bible-reading ; 65 (Psalm xxxii.). Twelve, 36 communicants at second celebration. 'Because ye belong to Christ.' Quarter-past four p.m., children; 270\. 'God the Holy Ghost.' Half-past seven, mission service; 320\. 'Turn ye, turn ye, why will ye die ?' After-meeting, 200. Friday, July 20. — Half -past seven a.m., 20 communicants. 'One of you shall betray Me.' Eleven, intercession service; 45 (rain falling). Three p.m., women; 80. 'Thoughts on death and our dead!' Half-past seven, mission service ; 170. ' Jesus or Barabbas' (rain still falling). Saturday, July 21. — Half- pasfc seven a.m., 15 communicants. ' My peace I give unto you.' Eleven, Bible- reading ; 45 (Psalm xxiii.). Quarter-past four, children; 270. 'The Holy Trinity.' Halt-past seven, mission service and renewal of baptismal vows ; 175. ' Sunday, July 22. — Half-past seven a.m., 74 communicants. Eleven, 55 communicants; 480 congregation. 'The solemnity of life.' Three p.m., men chiefly ; 255. 'Home.' Seven, 510. 'This Man receiveth sinners.' Monday, July 23. — Half-past seven a.m., 20 communicants. 'With Me where I am.' Half-past seven p.m., 270. Thanksgiving service. On the Sunday following the Bishop of Melbourne preached to an overflowing congregation from Lukeix. 37. ' 'We hope that both quickening and deepening of the spiritual life in the congregation has resulted from the mission, to what extent time will show. The principal week-day (Wednesday evening) congregation has been much larger since the mission than it was before. Many persons having offered themselves at the time of the mission for various 'branches of parochial work, a Church Workers' Society has been formed, with the incumbent at its head, and with com mittees both of ladies and of gentlemen, each with its own warden, whichj sitting togettier, form the council of the whole, to promote activity and harmony of church organisations in the parish.' The society numberB at starting about 50 members. ?;'???; 20. St. George's, Malvern. Missioner, Rev. E. E. Beck.— Incumbent, Rev. C. J. Gpdby. We have no report to make of crowded congregations, but -we have every reason to hope that the work has been attended by good results. Careful thoroughness and deep earnestness characterised all the missioner's utterances. Each day's work was begun with celebra tion of Holy Communion at half-past seven a.m., and included a quiet meeting, with an address on prayer at mid-day, and a Bible reading in the afternoon. The evening services were fairly attended, the greater part of the congregation staying for the after-meeting. The attendance of men at their special service on the Sunday after noon was particularly good. At the Communions on the second Sunday there were a large number of new communicants. We parted with our missioner as with a dear friend who had brought us the best of gifts. Increased congregations and a considerable addition to the average of communicants are, we hope, among the signs of permanent good wrought by the mission, while the hands of 'the faithful' have been greatly strengthened. 21\. St. James', Melbourne. Incumbent, Very Rev. the Dean. — Missioner, Rev. Thos. Quinton. Regular systematic visitation from house to house was made for three months before the mission was commenced, and a weekly meeting for prayer for a blessing on the special effort was held every Saturday evening. During the mission week almost every house was visited daily, and notices and tracts were freely distributed. The attendance on each of the Sundays was much larger than usual, and from the first it was clear that a considerable amount of interest was taken in the work. A special meeting for men only was held on the first Sunday afternoon, at which a large number of men were present, and showed a deep interest in the Rev. George Davidson's able address. Bible readings were held each afternoon, and were fairly attended. On Wednesday afternoon women only were present, and on Thursday the boys of St. James' Grammar School attended in full force. On the second Sunday afternoon the Rev. T. Quinton spoke loving words to the children on the Good Shepherd and His care for the lambs. The evening meetings from the first were well attended, and marked by serious attention to the words of the mission preacher. The largest attendance was on Thursday, when the Lord Bishop delivered a most stirring and earnest address, founded on Ezekiel's vision of dry bones. Almost the whole congregation remained to the after-meeting, and appeared deeply impressed with his Lordship's burning words. The thanksgiving service on Monday evening was well attended, and addresses were given by the missioner, the Dean, and Rev. A. C. Kellaway, expressing gratitude for what God had wrought, and exhorting those who had been impressed to hold fast to the truth, and to live 'looking unto Jesua' daily for wisdom and strength. 22\. St. John's, Melbourne. Missioner, Ven. Archdeacon Cooper. — Report by Rev Canon Chase. ; Our missioner proved wise, faithful, and able to command : attention. Sunday evening services crowded, and after-meetings ; largely attended— 300 at a men's meeting. Nightly increase \- of attendance. Services for children and young women 'interesting. Satisfactory thanksgiving service.' The Chinese crowded their own hall in Little Bourke-street, and the nine services arranged for were all well attended, some being crowded. The Bishop, Archdeacon Stretch, Kev. G. Davidson, Canon Chase and Mr, J. H. Daviea spoke through an interpreter. Mr. Chong was very fluent and earnest in his own Chinese addresses, and was encouraged by marked interest among his countrymen. The cate chist, Ah Kee, assisted, and the baptised converts, Cornelius and Daniel, exerted themselves to win success. God has been merciful to us, both amongst Christian people and among the heathen, and the way has been opened for a brighter future. 23\. St. George's, Royal Park. = Missioner, Rev. George Sproule. — Incumbent, Rev. R. Short, The mission services were well attended throughout. The morning prayer-meetings at seven o'clock were much enjoyed by those who came to them, and the same persons came regularly every morning. The Bible readings and the meetings for women only were fairly well attended. The children and their friends mustered in great force at their special, services, and on Saturday evening there was a large gathering of men only. The public mission services and the after-meetings were largely attended, chiefly by members of the congregation, and a deep impression was made upon many, which increased as the mission progressed. 24\. St. Mary's, North Melbourne. Missioner, Rev. H; Willoughby Flower.— Report by Rev. Canon Potter. The Bishop preached on the first Sunday morning of the mission, the missioner on the first Sunday evening, and the second Sunday morning and evening. Sunday congregations of 700 and 800 ; week-day congregations running up to about 550 ; daily com munion well attended ; largest number of communions made on any one day, about 120. On Tuesday, at a quarter to seven a.m., about 75. About 70 persons had private interviews with the missioner. Several persons who have long given up the habit of public worship have declared their intention of making a fresh start. Several dissenters have expressed themselves as highly edified. The workers especially are showing much evidence of a deepened spiritual life. 25\. St. Barnabas', South Melbourne. Incumbent, Rev. H. Collins. — Missioner, Rev. J. M. Evans. The mission held in connection with St. Barnabas' Church, and con ducted by Rev. J. M. Evans, proved a success beyond our best expec tations, and, we are glad to say, has not been marred by failure of any kind. So successful did the mission prove that at the conclusion of the eight days it was thought advisable to continue the work for a fortnight longer, and the result quite justified this determination. The services were always well attended, the church being, with one exception, never less than two-thirds full, and while often well filled on week days, always overflowed on the Sunday evenings. About 200 men attended on Sunday afternoon to listen to the address given to 'men only,' and the missioner succeeded in keeping th'eir close attention for nearly an hour. The outcome of this meeting has been the formation of a class for men, who meet at present at the parsonage every Sunday afternoon. The meeting for 'women only ' was held in the church, on the first Thursday of the mission, when some 250 women assembled, bringing with them their younger children, who, when they became restless, where taken charge of by the ladies of the congregation, thus allowing the mothers to remain and hear the whole address. Bible readings were held every afternoon, and were well attended throughout. The ' children's services were equally successful, the church being well filled on both occasions by the senior classes of the Sunday-school . The junior classes were not admitted. A distinctive feature of the mission work at St. Barnabas' was the lectureB on the subject of 'Infidelity,' which were delivered by the misaioner, who on the first occasion received the valuable assistance of Mr. F. Wright, of New South Walesi The second lecture, was delivered at the urgent request of a great number of the congregation; 26\. St. Luks's, South Melbourne. Incumbent, Rev. Canon Dickinson. — Rev. R. Thwaites, mission preacher. ? Preparation by Visiting houses, distributing apneals, arid very thorough meetings for prayer, frequent and well attended. Con gregations during mission good ; Bible classes well attended. Com municants were numerous ; some formerly' careless people gathered 1n.'.- A deeper feelirig of reverence and devotion generally prevailed. . Some candidates for confirmation, and new district visitors and Sunday-school teachers procured. 27\. St. Silas', South Melbourne. Missioner, Kev. T. B. Tress.— Report by Rev. S. 0. Kent. A numerously attended meeting was held to welcome the missioner on the 14th. On Snndays, the 16th and 22nd, the church was crowded to its utmost capacity. On both these Sundays the Holy Communion was administered, and meetings were held for children and for men only. From Monday to Saturday four meetings were held daily ; and on Monday, the 23rd, a praise-meeting was held in the morning, a children's meeting in the afternoon, and a thanksgiving-meeting in the evening, when upwards of 100 communicants partook of the Lord's Supper. Spiritual results are difficult to tabulate; some facts, however, may indicate that spiritual good was done — viz., an increase in the number of communicants, Sunday-school teachers, district visitors, candidates for confirmation, and attendants at week-day services, the formation of a large class for biblical study, the gathering of two meetings of women and girls for conference and prayer under suitable supervision, the reception of more than 100 names as members of the 'Young People's Scripture Union,' the fact that about 200 persons were moved during the mission to seek interviews with the missioner, the testimony of many that they were personally revived and refreshed. 28\. All Saints', Northcote. Incumbent, Rev. C. P. Thomas.— Missioner, Rev. W. B. Marsh. The change of ministry having taken place in this parish on the eve of the mission, the preparatory work was not so thoroughly done as it might have been under different circumstances ; but the fact that we had an experienced and popular missioner in Mr. Marsh, and also the fact that his Lordship the Bishop preached on the last Sunday of the misBion, helped us very much. The afternoon meetings and the evening services were well attended throughout. After the evening services after-meetings were held, which were characterised with great earnestness and solemnity. I have no doubt but that much good ha8 been done by the missions, but I have no means of gauging its extent. 29\. St. Matthew's, Prahran. | Miesioner, Rev. A. R. Blacket. — Report by Rev. Canon Langley. Most blessed and happy time. A great number spoken to personally, and pointed to Christ. Great deepening of the spiritual life in those already decided. It may truly be said, ' Great grace upon all. ' Away myself at Carlton, and speaking from hearsay, I cannot be too thankful for the undoubted work of grace God has been pleased to do by his servant. 30\. St. Matthias', North Richmond. . Missioner, Rev. R. R. Eva. — Report by Rev. J. Dawborn. Number of services held, 29 ; approximate number of persona who attended the services, 1900. No excitement ; very few inquirers ; but a sense of deep religious feeling pervaded the entire series of services. A few non-churchgoers were present but I think the mission has been more profitable to the members of the church and congregation than to the special class we had hoped to reach, ? 31\. St. Stephen's, St. Thomas', St. Bartholomew's, Richmond. The Incnmbent assisted the missioners, Revs. R. W. Cooke, M.A., and A. Brazier, in their work. Services were held at the three places throughout the mission, and at some the attend ance was very satisfactory. Persons were present who are seldom seen in the house of prayer. It is believed fruit which will remain will result from the mission. After defraying the expenses of mission, including the supply of the parishes of the missioners, £5 especially given for St. Stephen's libraries was sent on and £11 6s. to the hon. secretaries of the Centennial Mission, It is intended to form the workers into a permanent Ministerial Help Society. It will not interefere with the visiting society already in existence- chiefly for the relief of distress. The Help Society will chiefly attend to spiritual work. 32\. Christ Church, South Yarra. Missioners, Ven. Archdeacon Julius, of Ballarat, and Rev. J. F. Stretch, of St. Mark's, Fitzroy. Preparation was made for three months beforehand. Some 60 visitors called at every house in the parish, visiting in bodies, and reporting the character and religious bearing oj all the occupants. Some 23,000 (children included) were thus entered as residents in the parish. Devotional meetings were held, and special celebration of the Holy Communion every week. During the mission there were celebrations every day, Bible-readings, addresses to parents, children, servants, and men, with hearty mission services each evening. The attendance at all the services was highly satisfactory, about 600 assembling each week night, and about 1400 at the chief Sunday service. Very many who were known to be non-attendants at Church were noticed there regularly. Large numbers remained to the after-meetings, and scores each day waited to see the missioners. The result seemed to be great stirring and awakening, and much decision for Christ. Many have since joined Bible, confirmation, and other classes, or become regular Church attendants and com municants, while the godly members of the congregation have been strengthened. LausBeo. ? : 33\. St. Martin's Hawksbubn. ' Incumbent, Rev. W. K. Brodribb. — Missioner, Rev. Dr. Green. The mission was prepared for during some six weeks previously by special services and sermons, and by leaving every week suitable tracts and leaflets throughout the whole parish. The special sermons on Thursday evenings were preached by the Revs. W. C. Pritchard, Canon Langley, C. Vaughan, A. C. Kellaway, T. H. Rust, and W. K. Brodribb. The missioner the Rev. A. V. Green, M.A:, LL.D., vicar of Maldon, arrived on Saturday, July 14th, and a short unconven tional service was held that evening in the schoolroom, attended by some 40 or 50 of St. Martin's congregation, mostly Church workers, who were then introduced to Dr. Green. The services on Sunday, July 15th, consisted of Holy Communion at eight a.m. (23 communicants) ; Matins and Holy Communion at eleven a.m. (45 communicants) ; evening at seven p.m., and a special address to men only (at which 85 were present) immediately after evensong. The morning and evening congregations were both somewhat larger than usual. Throughout the week there was a daily celebration of Holy Communion at half-past seven a.m. (with an average of 12 communi cants), and the mission service at eight p.m. (with an average of 120 attendants). Nearly the whole congregation always remained in the church after the mission services for the ' instruction ;' and during the singing of hymns Dr. Green spoke to various individuals. On two afternoons Dr. Green gave an address to women only, there being 40 present on the first occasion and 70 on the second. On two afternoons there were children's services, the first being attended by about 100 children and the second (it being a very wet afternoon) by about 40. On Wednesday and Friday mornings the Litany was said, with special intercessions. On Sunday, July 22nd, the services were as follows : — Eight a.m., ? Holy Communion (47 communicants) ; quarter-past ten a.m., matins; eleven a.m., choral celebration of Holy Communion, to which the whole congregation, except about 20 persons, remained, and at which 180 communicated (in addition to those at the early celebration) ; three p.m., children's service (over 300 children) ; seven p.m., festal evensong. At the three principal services there were unusually large congregations for St. Martin's, and very many communicated for the first time ; and for many others it was the firBt occasion that they were present at the highest act of Christian worship. Dr. Green's addresses during the mission followed a regular course, and were therefore very helpful in the edification of regular church-goers, as well as in awakening the interest of the indifferent. The subjects were as follows :— (1) ' God's Calljto us ;' (2) ' The Meaning and the Use of Life ;' (3) ' Sin ;' (4) 'Repent- ance;' (5) 'Duty to God;' (6) 'Duty to Man;' (7) 'The Great Christian Society of the Church;' (8) 'The Christian's Hope Heaven ;' (9) ' The Helps and Hindrances of the Christian Life ;' and (10) ' ' Improvement.' The special hymn-book and the tracts and leaflets provided for the mission were much appreciated at St. Martin's, and hearty thanks are due to those who compiled or arranged them. It is fully believed and felt that the mission, owing to Dr. Green's earnestness and eloquence, ^will be of abiding help to God's work at Hawksburn ; and the missioner, under God, has undoubtedly materially strengthened St. Martin's Church. 34\. Christ Church, St. Kilda. Missioner, Rev. W. G. Hindley. — Report by Rev. J. Stanley Low. The services have been well attended, and a deep impression has been made upon many by the able and earnest addresses of the missioner. It is believed that permanent good will be the result. 35\. Hols Trinity, Williamstown. Incumbent, Rev. Canon Serjeant. — Missioner, Rev. H. B. Macartney. The eight days' mission in this parish, commencing on Sunday, July 15th, closed on Monday evening, the 23rd, when the Bishop, for the second time visiting us, preached the thanksgiving sermon, from Acts viii. 39. It is superfluous to add that the work was greatly strengthened by his Lordship's presence on this as on the previous occasion, Monday the 16th, when, in compliance with the united request of the missioner and the incumbent, he both preached and con ducted the after-meeting at the half.past seven p.m service. The attendance throughout was satisfactory. The lowest number present at a Sunday service was estimated at 540 on the morning of the 22nd, whafi it was wet and cold ; the highest a little over 700. On a week day the lowest number was reckoned at 160, the highest at 700. The missioner was the Rev. H. B. Macartney, M.A., than whom none could be more zealous, more earnest, and more solicitous for the souls which had become for the time the special object of his care. What fruit may have resulted from his labours the future alone can fully reveal, but his voice still echoes in the ears, of the people, and the memory of his assiduous, self-denying zeal in their behalf is not likely soon to fade from their minds. The accounts are not quite complete, and the balance-sheet has not yet been audited. It will be published in the next. Church of England Messenger. There will be a credit balance of at least £40. H. A. Langley. J. F. Stretch. 