THE FATAL THREE- a novel; BY M. E. BBADDOX. . Armoc or " Badt Acdlet's Seceet," " "Vixen," IjiiM "Like a>'d Unlike, '' & c , &o;„ &a; BOOK m CniPrni IY. Tbc marble conntenance scarcely changed as be looked up at her. He took no notice of the outstretched hands. "What brings you here, Mildred?" he asked, coldly. ' " i heard that you were ill ; I wanted to see for myself," she faltered. <' I am not ill, and I have not been ill. You were misinformed." "1 was told yon were unhappy." '"Did you require to he told that ? You did not expect to hear that I was particularly happy, I suppose ? At rny age men haTe forgotten how to forget" " It would be such a relief to my mind if yon could find new occupation, new interests, as I hope to do by and by — a wider horizon. Yon are so clerer. Yon have so many gifts, and it is a pity to bury them all here." "My heart is hnried here," he answered, looking down at the grave. " Your heart, yes : but yon might find work for your mind — a noble career before yon — in politics, in philanthropy." "lam not ambitions, and I am too old to adapt myself to a new life. I prefer to lire as I am living. Enderby is my hermitage. It suits me well enough." There was a silence after this — a silence of despair. Mildred knelt on the dewy grass and bent herself over the marble cross, and kissed the cold stone. She went no nearer than that marble to the child she loved. Her lips lin gered there. Her heart ached with a dull pain, and she felt the utter hopelessness of her life more keenly than she had felt it yet. If she could but die there, at his feet, and make an end. She rose after some minutes. Her husband's attitude was unchanged ; hat he looked at her now, for the first time, with a direct and ear- jest gaze. " What took you to Nice he asked. ' 1 wanted to know all about my un- fcappy sister." " And you are satisfied — you know all — and /on think as some of my neighbors thonght of me. You belieTe that I killed my wife." " George, can yon think so meanly of me — jour wife of 14 years ?" ' You spare me, then, so far, in spite of cir cumstantial evidence. You do cot think of me fs a mnrderer ?" " 1 have never for a moment doubted yonr goodness to that unhappy girl, " she answered, with a stifled sob. "I am sorry for her with all my heart ; hat I cannot blame you," " There you are wrong, I was to blame. Ton know that 1 do not easily lose my temper — to a woman, least of all ; but that day I lost control over myself — lost patience with her just when she was in greatest need of my for bearance. She was nervous and hysterical. I forgot her weakness. I spoke to her cruelly — stung out of all consideration by her cansclcss jealousies— so persistent, so irritating— like the continual dropping of water. . How I have Buffered for that moment of anger God alone can know. If remorse can be expiation, I have expiated that unpremeditated sin " Yes, yes, I know how you have suffered. Your dreams have told me. "Ah! those di earns! You can never imagine the agony of them. To fancy her walking by my side, bright and happy, as sho co seldom was upon this earth, and to tell myself that I had never been unkind to her, that her suicide was a dream and a delusion — and then to feel the dull cold reality creep back into my brain, and to know that I was guilty of her death. Yes, I have held myself guilty. I have never paltered with my conscience. Had I been patient to the end, 6ho might hate lived to be the happy mother of my child. Her whole life might have been changed. I never loved ber, Mildred. Fate and her own Impulsive nature flung her into my arms ; but I had accepted the charge ; I had made myself responsible to God and my own conscience for her well-being. " Mildred's only answer was a sob. Sho \- stretched out her hand, and laid it falteringly upon the baud that hung loose across the branch of the yew, as if in token of trustful- Bess. "Did you find out anything more in your retrospective gropings— at Nice ?" he asked, With a touch of bitterness, Sho was silent. « Did yon hear that I was ont of my mind »fter my wife's death ?'' "Yes." "Did that shock you? Did it horrify you to know you had lived 14 yeears with a ti- devani lunatic?" "George, how can you say such things ? I could perfectly understand ho'w your mind was affected by that dreadful event — how the strongest brain might be unhinged by such a sorrow. I can sympathise with yon, and nnderstand yon in the past, as I can in the present. How can you forget that I am your Wife, a part of yourself, able to read all yonr thoughts ?" "I cannot forget that you have been my wife, but your sympathy "and yonr affection seem very far off now— as remote almost as that tragedy which darkened my youth. It is all past and done with — the sorrow and pain, the hopo and gladness. I have done with everything — except my regret for my cMld." . "Can you believe "that I feel the parting less than yon, George ?" she said pilcously. "I don't kuow. The parting is your work. Yon have tho satisfaction of self-sacrifice — the pride which women who go to church twice a flay have in renouncing earthly happiness. They school themEelvcs fir6t in trifles — giving up this and that— theatres, fiction, cheerful society, and then their ambition widens ; these petty sacrifices are not enough, and they re nounce a husband and a home. If tho husband cannot see tho necessity, and cannot kiss tho rod, so much the worse for him- His wife has tho perverted pride of an Indian widow, who flings her young life upon the funeral pile, jubilant at the thought of her own sur passing virtue. " " Would you not sacrifice your happiness to your conscience, George, if conscience cpoke plainly?" Mildred asked reproachfully. "I don't know. Homan love might bo too strong for conscience. God knows I would not have have sacrificed yon to a simple — to a law- made by man. God's laws are different. There is no doubt about them." The evening was darkening. The nightin gale burst out suddenly into ioud melody, moro joyous than her reputation. Mildred could see the lights in the house that had been her home. The lamp light in the drawingroom shone across the intervening space of lawn and shrubberies; the broad window shone vividly at the end of a vista, like a star. Oh, lovely room, oh happy life, so far off, so impossible any more ! "Good-night and good-bye," Mildred sighed, holding out her hand. " Good-bye," he answered, taking the small, cold hand, only to let it drop again. He made no inquiry as to how 6he had come there, or whither she was going. She had appeared to him suddenly as a spirit in the soft eventide, and be let her go from him un questioned, as if she had been a spirit. She felt the coldness of her dismissal, and yet felt that it could be no otherwise, Sho mnst be all to him or nothing. After love so perfect as theirs had been there conld be no middle course. She went across the meadow by the way she had come, and through the village street, where all the doors were closed at this hour, and paraffin lamps glowed brightly in parlor windows. Dear little knmble street, how her heart yearned over it as she went silently by like a ghost, closely veiled, a slender figure dressed in black. She had been very fond of her villagers, had catered into their lives and been a brightening influence for most of them, she and her child. Lola had been familiar with every creatnrc in the place, from the hmnp-backed cobbler at the corner to the grey-haired postmaster in the white, half- timbered cottage yonder, where the letter boxes were on the other side of a neat little garden. Lola had entered into all their lires, and had been glad and sorry with them with a power of sympathy which was the only preco cious element in her nature. She had been a child in all things except charity. There she had been a woman There was a train for Salisbury in half- an- honr, and there was a later train at 10 o'clock. Mildred had intended to travel at the earlier honr, but she felt an irresistible inclination to linger in the beloved place where her happi ness was buried. She wanted to see someone who would talk to her of her husband, and she knew that the curate could be trusted, so she determined upon waiting for the later train, in the event of her flailing Mr, Bollinson at home. The paraffin lamp in the parlor over the carpenter's shop was brighter than any other in the village, and Mr. liollioson's shadow was reflected on the blind, with tho usual tendency towards caricature. The carpenter's wife who opened the door was an old friend of Mrs. Greswold'a, and was not importunate in her ex pressions of surprise and pleasure. " Please do not mention to anyone that I have been at Enderby, Mrs. Mason, " Mildred said qnietly, " I am only here for an houror two on my way to Salisbury. I should like to see Mr. Iijlliuson, if he is disengaged." " Of course he is ma'am, for you. He'll be overjoyed to see yon, I'm sure." Mrs. Mason bustled np the steep little stair case followed closely by Mildred. She flung open the door with a flourish and discovered Mr. Bollinson enjoying a tea-dinner, with the T uns propped up between his plate and the teapot He started up like a man distraught at sight of his visitor, darted forward and shook hands, and then glanced despairingly at the table. For such a guest be would have liked to have had turtle and ortolans, but a tea-dinner, a vulgar tea dinner — a dish of pig's trotters, a couple of new laid eggs and a pile of buttered toast. He had thought it a luxurious meal when he sat down to it, fire minutes ago, very sharp set. 1 1 .My dear Mrs. Greswold, 1 am enchanted. Yon have been travelling ? Yes. If — if yon would share my humble collation — hut you" are going to dine at the Manor, no doubt." " No ; 1 am not going to the Manor. 1 should be very glad of a cup of tea, if I may have one with you." "Mrs. Mason, a fresh teapot, directly, if you please ?" "Yes, sir." " And could you not get some dinner for Mrs. Greswold? A solo and a chicken, a little asparagus. I saw a bnndle in the village the day before yesterday," suggested the curate feebly. " On no account. I could not eat any dinner. I will have an egg and a little toast, if yon please," said Mildred, seeing the curate's dis tressed look, and not wishing to reject his hospi tality. "Will you, really now. Mrs. Mason's eggs are excellent ; and she makes toast better than anyone else in the world, I think," replied Bol linson, flinging his napkin artfully over the trotters, and with a side glance at Mrs. Mason which implored their removal. That admirable woman grasped the situation. She whisked off the dish, and tho curate's plate with its litter of bones and mustard. She swept away crumbs, tidied the tea tray, brought a vase of spring flowers from a chiffo nier to adorn the table, lighted a pair of wax candles on the mantel-piece, and gave a touch of elegance to the humble sitting room, while Mildred was taking off her mantle and bonnet, and sinkiog wearily into Mr. Bollinson's easy chair by the hearth.where a basket of fir cones replaced the winter fire. She felt glad to be wilh this old familiar friend — glad to breathe the very air of Euderby after her six months' exile. ' " Your letter frightened me," she said, when she was alone with the Curate. "I came to look at my husband. I could not help coming." " Ah, dear Mrs. Greswold, if you could only come back for good — nothing else is of any use. Have you seen him ?" " Yes," she sighed. "And you find him sadly changed ?" ' " Sadly changed. I wish you would try to rouse him — to interest him in farming — build- ing — politics — anything. He is so clever ; ho ought to have so many." , "For his mind, perhaps; but not for his heart. You aro doing all you can to break that." Mildred turned her head aside with a weary movement, as of a creature at bay, "Dofl't talk about it. You cannot under- stand. Y'ou look up to Clement Cancellor, 1 think. You would respect his opinion." " Yes ; he is a good man." "He is — and ho approves the course I have taken. He is my confidant and my coun sellor." " You conld have no better adviser in a case of conscience — hut I can but regret my friend's ruined life all tho same. But I will say no more, Mrs. Greswold. I trill respect your reserve. " Mrs. Mason came bustling in with a tea tray, on which her family teapot — the silver teapot that had been handed down from genera tion to generation since the days of King George the Third — and her very best pick and gold china sparkled and glittered in the lamp light. The toast and eggs might have tempted an anchorite, and Mildred had eaten nothing since her nine o'clock breakfast The strong tea revived her like good old wine, and she sat resting and listening with interest to Mr. Hollinscu-s account of his parishioners, and the village chronicle of the last six months. How sweet it was to hear the old familiar names, to be in the old place, if only for a brief hour. " I wonder if they miss me?" she speculated. " They never seemed quite the same— after — after the fever. " "Ah, but they know yonr value now. They have missed you sadly, and they have missed your hniband's old friendly interest in their affairs. He has given me carte blanche, and there has been no one neglected, nothing left undone ; bat they miss the old personal rela tions, the friendship of past days. Yon mnst not think that the poor care only for creature comforts and substantial benefits." "I have never thought so. And now tell '.me all you can about my husband. Does he receive no one ?" ' No one. People used to call upon him for a month or two after you left, but he never returned tbeir visits, he'declined all invitations, and he made his friends understand pretty clearly that he had done with the outside world. He rarely comes to the 11 o'clock service on Sundays, but he comes to the early services, and I believe he walks into Bomsey sometimes for the evening service. He has not hardened his heart against his God." " Do you see him often ?'' " Abont once a week. I take him my report of the sick and poor. 1 believe he is lis much interested in that as he can be in anything, but I always feel that my society is a burden to him, in spite of his conrteousness. I borrow a book from him sometimes, so as to have an excuse for spending a few minntes with him when I return it." "You aro a good man, Mr. Bollinson, a true friend," said Mildred, in a low voice. " Would to God that my friendship conld do more for him. Unhappily it can do so little." The fly came back for Mildred at 9 o'clock. She had telegraphed from Brighton to the inn at Salisbury where sho was to spend the night, and her room was ready for her when Ehe arrived there at half-past 10, a spacioas bedroom with a four-post bed, in which she lay broad awake all night, living over and over again that scene beside the grave, and seeing her husband's gloomy face, and its mnle reproach. She knew that she had done wrong in breaking in upon his solitude, she who renounced the tie that bonnd her to him ; and yet there had been something gained. He knew now that under no stress of evidence conld she ever believe him guilty of his wife's death, He knew that his last and saddest secret was revealed to her, and that she was loyal to him still — loyal althon-'h divided. = She went to tho morning service at the Cathedral. She lingered about the grave old close, looking dreamily in at the gardens which hadsnchau air of old world peace. She was reluctant to leave Salisbury. It was near all that she had loved and lost. The place had the familiar air of the district in which she had lived so long — different in somewise from all other conntics, or seeming different by fond association. She telegraphed to her aunt, that she might be late in returning, and lingered on tilf 3 o'clock in tho afternoon, nnd then took the train which dawdled at three or four stations before it came to Bishopstoke — the familiar junction where the station master and the superintendents knew her, and asked after her husband's health, giving her a pain at her heart with oach inquiry. She would have been glad to have passed to to the Portsmouth train un recognised, but it was not to bo. " Yon havo been in the South all the winter, I hear, Ma'am? I hopo it was not on account of yonr health ?" "Yes," she faltered, "partly on that account," as she hurried on to the carriage which the station master-opened for her with bis own bond. . His face was among her home faces. She had travelled up and down the line so often in the good days that were gone — with her husband and Lola, and their comfort had been cared for almost as if they had been royal personages. It 'was night when 6he reached Brighton, and Franz was on the platform waiting for her, and tho irreproachable brougham was drawn np close by, the brown horse snorting, and with eyes of fire, not brooking the vicinity of the engine, though too grand a creature to be afraid of it. < She found Miss Fansset in low spirits. "I have missed you terribly," she said, " I am a-poor creature. 1 used to think myself independent of sympathy or companionship— bat that is all over now! When I am alone for two days at a stretch I feel like a child in the dark." "Yon have lived too long in this house, aunt, I think," Mildred answered gently. 'ForgiTc me if I say that it- is a dall house." "A dull house? Nonsense Mildred It is one of the best houses iu Brighton. "Yes, yea, Aunt, but it is dull, all tho same. The sun docs not shine into it— the coloring of tho furniture is grev and cold " " " I hate gandy colors. " " Yes, but there aro beautiful colors that are not gaudy— beautiful things that warm and gladden one. "The next room," glancing back at tho front drawingroom and its sin"le lamp, " is full of ghosts. Those long white enrtains, those faint grey wails, are enough to kill you," " 1 am no so fanciful as that " "Ah, but you are fanciful, perhaps, without knowing it. The influence of this dull, grey house may hare crept into your veins, and depressed you unawares. Will you go to the Italian Lakes with me next September Aunt ? Or better, will yen go to the West of England with me next week— to tho north coast of Cornwall, which will be lovely at this season. I am sure you want change, this monstrous life is killing you. " " No, no, Mildred. There is nothing amiss with my life. It snits mo well enough, and I am able to do good." " Your lieutenants could carry on all that while you were away." "No. I like to bo here ; 1 like to organise, to arrange. I can feel that my life is not useless, that my talent is placed at interest.' " It could all go on, Aunt : it could indeed. The cliange to new scenes would revive yon. " "No. I am satisfied where lam. lam among people whom I like, and who like and respect mo." She dwelt on tho last words with miction; as if there were tangible comfort in them. Mildred sighed and was silent. She had lelt it her duty to try and rouse her aunt from the dull apathy into which she seemed gradually sinking, and she thought that the only chance of revival was to remove her from the monotony of her present existence. Later on" the evening the fire had been lighted in the inner drawingroom, Miss Fansset feeling chilly in spito of the approach of summer, and niece and aunt drew near the hearth for cheerfulness and comfort. The low reading lamp spread its light only over Miss Fausset's book table and the circle in which it stood. The faces of both women were in shadow, and the lofty room with its walls of books was full of shadows. "Yon talk so despondently of life some times, Aunt, as if it had all ,bcea jdisappoint- mcnt," said Mildred after a long silence, in which they liad both sat watching the fire, oach absorbed bv her own thoughts, " yet your girlhood must have been bright. I have heard my father say how indulgent hit father was, how he gave way to his children in every thing." " Yes, he was very indulgent ; too indul gent perhaps. I had my own way in every thing — only — one's own way does not always lead to happiness. Mine did not. I might have been a happier woman if my father had been a tyrant" " Yon would have married, perhaps, in that case, to escape from an unhappy home. I wish you would tell me more about your girlish years, Aunt. You must have had many ad mirers when you were young, and amongst them all there must have been some one for whom you cared — just a little. Would it hurt you to talk to me about that old time?" " Yes, Mildred. There are some women who can talk about such things — women who can prose for hours to their granddaughters or their nieces — simpering over the silliness of the past — boasting of conquests which nobody be lieves in — for it is very difficult to realise the fact that an old woman was ever young and lovely. I am not of that temper, Mildred, The memory of my girlhood is hateful to me." " Ah, then there was some sad story — some unhappy attachment. I was sure it was so," said Mildred, in a low voice. " But tell me of that happier lime before you went into society — the time when yon were in Italy with your governess, studying at the Conservatoire at Milan. I thought of you so much when I was at Milan the other day. " "1 have nothing to tell yon abont that time. I was a foreigner in a strange city, with an elderly woman who was said to take care of me and whose„chief occupation was to take care of herself, a solicitor's widow, whose health required that she should winter in the south, and who contrived to make my father pay handsomely for her benefit. " "And you were not happy at Milan ?' "Happy, no. I got on with my musical education — that was all ! cared for." "Had you no friends— no introductions to nice people ?" "No. My chaperon made my father believe that she knew all the best families in Milan, but her circle resolved itself into a few third- rate musical people who gave a shabby little evening party now and then. Yon bore me to death. Mildred, when yon forco me to talk of that time, and of that woman, whom I hated." " Forgive me, Aunt, I will ask no more'qucs- tions," said Mildred, with a sigh. She had been trying to get nearer to her aunt, to familiarise herself with that dim past when this fading woman was yonng and full of hope. It seemed to her as if thore was a dead wall between her and Miss Fausset — a barrier of re serve which should not exist between them who were so near in blood. She had made up her mind to stay with her aunt to the end, to do all that doty and affection conld sHggest, and it troubled her that thoy should still be stran gers. After this severe repulse she conld make no further attempt. There was evidently no softening influence in the memory of the past- Miss Fausset's character, as revealed by that which she concealed rather than bv that which she told, was not beautiful. M'ildred conld bnt think that she liad been a proud, cold- hearted young woman, valuing herself too highly to inspire love or sympathy in others ; electing to he alone and unloTed. After this, time went by in a dull monotony. The same people came to see Miss Fausset day after day, and she absorbed the same flatteries, accepted the same adulation, always with an air of deepest - humility. She organised her charities, she listened to ever detail about the circumstances and even the mental condition and spiritual views of her poor. Mildred dis covered before long that thero was a leaven of hardness in her benevolence. She conld not tolerate sin, she weighed every life in the same balance, she expected exceptional purity amidst foulest surroundings. She was liberal of her worldly goods,- but her mind was as narrow as if she had lived in a 6mall villago 100 voars ago. Mildred found herself continually plead ing for wrongdoers. The only orent or excitement which the bright Juno days brought with them was the arrival of Pamela Bausom, who was escorted to Brighton by Lady Lochinvar herself, and who had been engaged for throe weeks to Malcolm- Stuart, with everybody's consent and ap- proval. t , " I wrole to Uncle George the very dav I was engaged, Aunt, as well as to you ; and ho answered my letter in the sweetest way, and he is going to give me a grand piano," said Pamela, all in a breath. Lady Lochinvar explained that mnch as sho detested Loudon she had felt it her solemn duty to establish hor6elf thero during ber nephew's engagement, in order that she might become acquainted with Pamela's people, and assist her dear boy in all his- arraogemcnts for tho future. When a young man marrios a nico girl with on oslato with £1500 a year— allowing for the poor return made by laud now adays — everything ought to go upon velvet." Lady Lochinvar was prepared to make sacrifices or, in other words, to contribute a hansoms portion of that fortune which she had intended to bequeath to her nephew. She conld afford ' to be generous, haviug a surplus far beyond he- possible nee.l3, and she was very fond of MoL colm Stuart, who had been to her as a son. " I was quite alone iu fhe world when my husband died," she told Mildred. « My father and my own people were alt gone, and I should have been a wretched creature without Mal colm. He was the only son of Lochinvar's favorite sister, who went off in a decline v.-'n-'a be was 8 years old, and he had been brought lip at the castle. So it is natural, you see, "that I should be fond of him and interested in his rv-1. fare," Pamela kissed her, by vray of common, tary. " I Ihink you are quite the dearest thiug in the world,'" she said " except Aunt Mildred. It may be seen from this remark that the elder and younger lady were now on very easv terms. Mildred had stayed in Paris with Lady Lochinvar, and a considerable part of her trousseau, the outward and visible part, had all been chosen in the ateliers - of fashionable Parisian dressmakers and milliners. The mors humdrum portion of the bride's raiment was to be obtained at Brighton, where Pamela was (o spend a week or two with her aunt before she' went to London to stay with' the Mouutfords, who had taken a House in Grosvenor-gardens,' from which Pamela was to be married. " And where do you think we are to be mar ried, aunt exclaimed'Pamela, excitedlv. "At St. George's?" " Nothing so humdrum, We are goia" to be married in the Abbey — in Westminster Abbey — the burial place of heroes and poeis. I happened to say one day when Malcolm and I were almost strangers — it was at Bampel- meyer's, sitting outside in the suo, eating ices — that I had never seen a wedding in tho Abbey, and that I should love to see one, aad- Mulcolm said we must try and manage it some day ; meaning anybody 's wedding, of course—, though ho pretends now that he always meant to marry me there himself." "Presumptuous in him,': said Mildred, smiling. " Oh, young men are horribly presumptuous; they know they are in a . minority — there is so little competition — and a plain yonug man, too, like Malcolm. But I suppose he knows ho is nice," added Pamela, conclusively. "Don't you think it will be lovely for mo to be married in the Abbey ?" she asked pre sently. "I think, dear, in your case I would rather have been married from my own house, and ia a village church." " What, in thatpokcy little church at Mapla- down ? I believe it is one of the oldest in Eng land, and it is certainly one of the ugliest. Sir Henry Mountford suggested making a family business of it, but Rosalind and I were both ii favor of the Abbey. We shall get inucti better notices in the Society papers," added Pamela, with a business-like air, as if she had been talk ing abont the production of a new play. ' ' Well, dear, as I hope yon are only f o bo married once in yonr life yon have a right to choose your clrarch." Pamela was bitterly disappointed presently, when her aunt refused to be present at her nod ding. " I will spend an hour with yon on your wed ding morning, and' see you in your wedding- gown, if you like, Pamela; but 1 cannot go among a' crowd of gay people, or share iu any festivity. I have done with all those things, dear, for ever and ever." Pamela's candid eyes filled with tear?. She felt all the moro sorry for her anut because her own cup of happiness was overflowing. She looked round the silver-grey drawingroom. and her eyes fixed themselves on tho piano which he bad played, so often, so often, in the tender twilight, "in tho shadowy eveniug when that larger room was left almost without any light save that which came through the uudraped archway yonder. But Caatellaui was no longer a person to be thoughi of in italics. From the moment Pamela's eyes had opened to the excellence of Mr. Stuart's manly and straight forward character, they had also become aware of the Italian's deficie'nces. She had realised the fact that he was a charlatan ; and now she looked wonderinglv at the piano, at a loss to understand the intensity of bygono emotions, and inclined to excuse herself npon the ground of youthful foolishness. " What a silly romantic wretch I must have been," she thought ; " a regular Rosa Matilda. As if the happiness of life depe'ndcd upon one's husband haviug an ear for music." Mildred was by no means unsympathetic about the trousseau, although she hrrsfli had dene with all interest in fashion and finery. She drove about to the pretty Brighton shops with Pamela, and exercised a restraining influence upon that young lady's taste, which inclined to the florid. She sympathised with the young lady's anxiety about her wedding gown, which was to bo made by a certain Mr. Smitbson, a faiseur who held potent sway over the ladies of fashionable London, and who gave himself more airs than n Prime Minister. Sir. Smitb son had coasiutcd to. make .Miss Bansome. a wedding gown— despite her social insignificance and tho pressure of the season — provided that he were not worried about it. ' ' If I havo too many people calling upon mo, or am postered with letters, I shall throw the thing up," he told Lady Monntford one morn ing, when she took him some fine old rose point for the petticoat. "Yes, this laco is pretty good. I suppose you got it' in V enice. i have seen Miss Bansome, anil kuow what kind o! gown she can wear. It will be sent borne the day before the wedding." , With this assurance, haughtily given, Laor Monntford and her sister had to bo con tented. " If I were your sister I would let a wourM in Tottenham Court- road make niv St?1' rather than I would staud such treatment, saw Sir flenry, at which his wife shrugged her shonlders and told him ho knew nothing it, Tt 'i " The cut is everything," sho said. " 1,1 worth patting up with Smithson's insolence i I know that ono is the best dressed woman in to I room-" .. n.f I " But if Smitbson dresses ftU tho ot»- I women " , . I " He doesn't. There are very few who w l tho courage to go to him, Hia manners are I humiliating — he as good as told me I h I hump — and his prices are enormous , I "And yet you called me extravagant __ I giving £70 for ft barb," criod .Si: " I . l'nbUiliod by special arranxemoati with the author. AH I'lxhti ressrvoJ. ri»B me 6 Pot of m0DCy In prizes." . nuestion of trousseau anfl wcMing lSoi settlefii tfi®16 rcinaiueil only apowt rOa tc B nee— the honeymoon. Pamela cl B-n0(nvor of that silly season being spent m 43 in . , mot far from the madding crowd, S » loicr wfl6 oJ bcr Finioa in my &%e bovo both seen tbo best part of the . It " said Pamela, taking tea in Mil- C-jotioc , . _ -iniugroom, which had assumed Richie "nd more home-like aspect in her s tn£ .. nnfl other room in Miss K£0pi rhonse we don't want to rush off to Foasset fl p onee8 . w0 Wnut just to S"""ah other's society and to make our plans t lhe future. Besides, travelling is so 1 , ' .,-wnmincr. I have seen brides ith fusty bats aud smuts on their faces who maid have been miserable if _ they had only '"TthinVyou IS StSart are very wiso decided wiiero to go ? . , ,, v0 ivo can't make np our minds, We ««t to find a place that is exquisitely pretty vetnot too far from London, so that wo may no to town occasionally and see about our OTi«W Sir Henry offered us Rainham, at as it is both ugly and inconvenient, I ua- hcsitatiDglv refused. I don't want to spend my houcyuiMn in a place pervaded by prize f'Vhatdo yon think of the neighborhood of , he 'Humes, Pamela," asked Mildred thought- Mlv. "aro yon fond of boating?" I "Fond 1 1 adoro it. I could live all my lifo I coon the river." ,, , .. 1 Beally 1 I have been thinking that if you I tad Mr. Stuart would liko to spend your I honeymoon at the Hook it is just tho kind of I place to suit you. The house is bright and j pretty, and the gardens are exquisite. ' Pamela's face kindled with pleasure. 'flnt,dcaraunt, you would never think " iho began. . . The house is at vonr scrvico, my dear girl. It will be a pleasure for me to prepare every thing for you. I cannot tell you how dearly I love that house, or how full of memories it is for nic. 'l'ho lease of my father's liouso in i Parliamcnt-streot was sold after his death, and I only kepi a few special tilings out of the furniture, but at the Hook nothing has been , altered since I was a child." Pamela accepted tho offer with rapture, and wrote «n eight-page letter to her lover upon a tho subject, although lie was coining to I! Brighton next day, and was to dine in Lewes- descent. Mildred was pleased at being able li' to give so much pleasure to her husband's niece. ':i it may be also that she snatched at an excuse | lor re- viilting a spot sho fondly loved. 3 She offered to take Pamela with her, to ex- !' ploro the house and gardens, nud discuss any small arrangements tor her own comfort, hut % against this Miss Ransome protested. £ 11 1 want everything to bo now to us," sho i,S said, "all untrodden ground, a delicious surprise. I am sure the place is lovely, aud I want to know no more about it than 1 know of K fairyland, 1 haven't the faintest notion what a llook can be in connection with the Thames. » It may be a mountain or a glacier loranytuiug ilv. 1 kuow to the contrary ; bnt I am assured it is delightful. Please let mo know nothing more, dearest aunt, till I go thero with Malcolm. It ri is adorable of you to hit upou such a splendid ides. Aud it will look very well iu the S» Society papers," added Pamela, waxing kit business-like. "Mr. and Mrs. Stuart 1 oh, 3 howqacer that sounds, 'aro to spend their !:?. honeymoon at tho Hook, tho river-side jpt residence of tho brido's aunt.' I woudor whether they will say ' tho well known rcsi- dence,"' mused Pamela, jf Mildred went up to town with Miss Ran- tome, and her betrothed at the end of the &v; young lady's visit. Sliss Faussct had been coldly gracious, after her manner had allowed Mr btuart to come to her house whenever he pleased, and had given up the rarely used front drawing room to the lovers, who sat and whis pered aud tittered over their own little yvitti- >: . turns, by the distant pitino, and behaved alto- p:t gether like those proverbial children of whom I,,,, we arc told ia our childhood, who aro seeu but L i. not heard. Mildred lunched in Grosvenor Cudcus, and went to Chertsev by an afternoon s; . nun. mo housekeeper who had once ruled s .. over both Mr. Faussct's houses, subject, to iu- v, Inference from Bell, was now caretaker at Tho p. .. Book, with a housemaid uudcr hor, Sho was hv.; an elderly woman but considerably Boll's y , junior, and she was an admirablo cook aud inanager. A telegram two days before bad told her to expect her mistress, t : the hoaso was in perfect order h J1 Mrs, Grcswold arrived in the summer !m|ight. All things had been made to look as j.. I Ike place were iu family occupation, although S;. ; one but the two servants hail been living there since Mr. Fuussot's death. Tho familiar s look of tho rooms smote Mildred with a sudden towpected pain. There were tho old lamps j, - burning on tho tables, the well remembered ; taies— her mother's choice, and always artistic « ... color — lmoa Wlttl tao ow Jime y , sowers from gardeu and hot house. Her father's s." L i ,00i' ''s M place in the hay window f- - le. i w t'3'0 at which he used to write ; v '"""sometimes, looking out at tho river in i ? a"'0- "rs- Dawson had put a lamp ? 1 j,. ?1 a small room, opening out of tho y. ; . . VDC rqm, aud with windows on two sides, kn i 5 towards tho river, which ho we"- 'BBo windows were open in no olbloo roso Eaten wa3 liko a > li?h»rooinno"1'nS wa3 altered here. As it i it ln llie las' days bo had lived here, so "fas now. ' moved so mnch as a penholder, > wnl Dawson tearfully. 