FOOTBALL. SATURDAY, 18TH AUGUST. Carlton v Williaiwitown.—On the Melbourne Cricket Ground. Field umpire, J. J. Trait; goal umpires, M. Little and E. Barrass. Port Melbourne v. Fitzroy.—On the Port Melbourne Cricket Ground. Field umpire, J. Kennedy; goal umpires, W. Guest and G. Heron. Melbourne r St. KUda.—On the East Melbourne Cricket Ground. Field umpire, J. Shaw; goal umpires, J. Moms audH. Wilson. Gerlong v North Melbourne.-On the North Melbourne Recreation Reserve. Field umpire, 1.11. lioy ; goal umpires, J. Mackrell and J. Itickards. Ballarat v. South Ballarat.-On the Eastern Oval Ballarat. Field umpire, W. Johnston ; goal umpires, It. Turpenny and J. Harry. WE have the Caulfield Grand National Meeting as the head centre of sport on Saturday, and though 1 have not been amongst the equinaB of late,I fancy 1 snail put my little dollar on the following should they BBB the post. Writing on the Tuesday preceding, the question of nominating starters even is very problematical; but still I won'thave many defaulters - if any :— SAPLING STAKES. Three furlongs. (To start at halfpast one o'clock.) VRINCK CONSORT 1 BAVEIINAIC 2 Elland 3 HANDICAP HURDLE RACI ; About two miles. MERRY MONARCH 1 SINKING FUND 2 Bonnie Chester ... 3 SELLING RACE. Five furlongs. ATJIEKE 1 WHISPERER 2 Gaylad 3 CAULFIELD GRAND NATIONAL STEEPLECHASE. About four miles. RUBY 1 FLASHLIGHT 9. Beadsman II 3 BALACLAVA STAKES, ST. .TOHS 1 RAOUL 2 Elti 3 WELL, here we are again, after a sojourn of some eight weeks in sunny New South Wales. Had a rare good time of it, too—you'd bettor believe it. No, I don't mean in those wondrous institutions—the private bars, albeit—with a full knowledge that I may be causing the ire of the girl that belongs to me to arise—I must plead guilty to the soft impeachment of having visited them occasionally. But solely professionally—not otherwise. By-the-way, should you visit Sydney, just drop into the Burlington (it's in Castlereagh-street—Gus. Wangenheim's old pub), and you will find a little piece of a Ballarat hairpin there who will crack Sturt-street and the Botanical Gardens with you til! further orders. Lord love us, you get used to a place in time, don't you? And I was just preparing to settle down for a Bpell, when I had to make other arrangements, and return on the backtrack south again. I was getting along splendidly with the sporting folk, too. You can't go far wrong with such men as George B. Rowley and T. Evans in command of the secretariat at Rosehill and Randwick respectively ; and in either Jack Thompson, Humphrey Oxenham, or the brothers Deery, the pressman of any standing at all finds a guide, philosopher and friend The trainers, too, will bear favourable comparison with anything in the wide world; for although it's their vocation to be reticent, I found Will Kelso and Sam Fielder as obliging as could be desired. Another trump I met up there was Mr. Henry Dawson, M.P. for Monara, who officiates as starter at Rosehill and Canterbury Park. I owe a special meed of thanks to him for many kindnesses I experienced, and if any of my readers should ever drop across his thirteen Btone of bone and sinew, I advise them to procure an introduction as soon as possible. " Did I get any wrinkles whilst I was up there ?" Oh, rather. You see, I kept the pot a-boiliug by doing a bit of graft for the Sydney Referee, and from information received there I discovered that a brown animal, weighted at Gst. 121b., would assuredly snavel the Caulfield Cup. Of course it's as easy as rolling off a log to nominate who that is, and consequently I needn't further enlighten my readers thereanent juBt at present. Suffice it to say the lieferee Btaff (and they know what's what, take my tip for it) are standing it to a man ; but until they give me permission I muBt not nominate it more definitely. Then I found that Lyndburst, who hails from Brisbane, is a bobby- dazzler, who is likely to be heard of in connection with the Rosehill Cup and the HawkeBbury Handicap. My special fancy for the latter, however, is Dagobert. Bill Kelso has a useful sort of a neddy in Southerly Buster (by Robinson Crusoe- Zephyr), and so has Tom Lamond in Lamond (by Newminster out of Axiom). Lancer came out of "his shell the other day at Rosehill, where he started at 20 to 1 (Tom Ivory only putting a fiver on him), and spread-eagled a fairish field over six furlongs. The performance wasn't half a bad one, as the erstwhile Hawkesbury Handicap winner hadn't been out of the paddock long ; consequently he will well repay watching. So will Monte Christo whenever young Gorry is up. I saw Pet Girl (by Rapid Bay—Bridesmaid) and Desmond (by Kingsborough—Lalage) give all opnosers a terrible doing in their respective races at Canterbury Park some fortnight back ; the style in which they won being a caution to snakes. I heard that the Hon. James White has a wonderful Maribyrnong Plate filly—the best he has ever had, and as he has had some snifters in his time she must be a daisy. That stable seems to be a bit off at present, Cranbrook having gone wrong, and Volley being reported as under a cloud. I take Ensign to be the beBt of White's lot for the V.R C. Derby, and if the rheumatics keep away from him 1 would just as soon stand Carlyon's show as anything else in the stable for the Melbourne Cup. But, again, I would much rather have Matador's chance, for a little bird whispered me whil6t I was up in Sydney that Charlie Roberts has got theNewminster—Constellation horse improved out of all knowledge. By-the-way, Mr. W. J. Frank's chestnut twoyear- old filly Yorkshire Lass (by Crown Prince- Ophelia) has been winning golden opinions from the habitues of the Randwick training track, and as Bhe is a rare-hred one, we may as well keep an eye on her to see whether she performs as well during a race as she does in private. You can't pack Will Cullen, of Hurlingham Park, North Brighton, much, I can tell you. Didn't he prove that conclusively last Monday, when he went 40 SOVB. better than the £400 [required by the V.R.C. to be guaranteed in prize money ? And how did become out of the fire unscathed—thanks mainly to'tbe irrepressible Teddy W r eeks. Goodness heart alive! Only fancy 310 yellow boys coming back again in surplus of sales and fines. And oh ! carry me out and bury me 1 what a sketch for an artist must the Red House man's physiognomy have been when Weeks nominated .£294 for the son of Bolton Green and F"ie Fie—Derision by name ; no less than 270 sovs. of the spoil having to be disgorged. Bob Phillips has got rid of Peter Burns (no, no; not the Peter Burns of course—he's far too fly for that whilst the football premiership still trembles in the balance; but the Master John covey), Ithe Indian buyer having suavelled him for a BOV. over his upset price. I noticed that G. Blair was cautioned in connection with his riding of The Roe in the Flying Handicap. Now I wonder if that is the same pony that I saw win a double at the Sydney Driving Park Club's Meeting, on the Agricultural Society's Grounds, Moore Park, some three or four weeks back. If it is, some of them will be able to warble the refrain of the old song—" Chasing the wild deer and following The Roe "—with a vengeance whenever the powers that be so feel disposed. Young Bell, who rode Rhody, Btruck a bit of a Bnag in the Oakleigh Park Handicap, the consequence being that the place that knew him shall know him no more for the space of three calendar months. NOTHING succeeds like success ; and really the success of Jem Scobie is something phenomenal. A treble win at Flemington, a double at Geelong and another at Moonee Valley is a splendid achievement indeed Both the initial two-year-old events of the season have fallen to his charges, and that he may keep on with the music is the sincere wish of yours truly. I am of opinion, however, that Treason had a bit of luck in the First Metropolitan Stakes on Saturday, and that all things being equal, that prince of good fellows and painstaking trainers, Walter Hickenbotham, would have had the pleasure of seeing Prince Consort coming back first to scale. We shall see what we shall see in the immediate future. IF it is better to be born lucky than rich, how do you fix things up when you find yourself in the position of Mr. Septimus Miller, who waB born both lucky and rich ? Sometimes the riches control the luck (that's on the turf don'tcherknow); and at other times the luck controlB the riches. The Irishman hae been a moBt peculiar "grey." Sometimes he's heads, and sometimes he's tails. When he's head he wins ; and when he's tail ho loses. Thanks to Barber's error of iudgment (beautiful phrase 1-which may mean anything—the opinion of stewards to the contrary notwithstanding) The Irishman headed them on Saturday; whilst on the previous Thursday at Geelong he was tailing them in. He started first favourite for both events, too, at the Bime odds—5 to 2. It's just as well, perhaps, that a rich man owns such an approved erratic " grey " as The Irishman ; for if R poor man had him—well then, you see, circumstances might alter cases, might they not 'I I NOTICED old Bob Sevior scoring a win with Major, and—mirabile dictu /—he was not brought beforo the stewards therefor. There's something wrong somewhere. When Major cantered home five furlongs in 1 min. 5J Bee., with odds of 7 to 4 on him, surely there should have been an enquiry instituted as to why he didn't win in faster time. It was done in the Richworth case, and why wasu't it done on Saturday—answer me that? Of course there's no necessity to hold an enquiry when Midas wins—or loses ; but we all know what Bob Sevior is. He is a—poor man. I WAS one of the five thousand persons present 011 the East Melbourne Cricket Ground on Saturday, when the Maoris and the Melbourne Rugby Union tried conclusions; and although I must freely admit I can't stand football under Rugby Union rules for sour krout or even sassingerB I took a great deal of interest in the match because on the previous Saturday I had witnessed a match between the English footballers and New South Wales, on the Association Cricket Ground, Moore Park, Sydney. Although that was supposed to be an International match, and although Ilugby Union is the principal game in New South Wales, there were not more than a couple of thousand persons present; whilst on the E.M.C.G., where adouble tariff (a bob) was charged for admission, and where a counter-attraction in the shape of a test match between Carlton and Port Melbourne was being proceeded with on the Melbourne Cricket Ground, nearly treble that number assembled to do honour to the New Zealand natives. And it must not be forgotten that too much publicity had not been given to the conteBt through the columns of the press; but, in contradistinction to that fact it was something more than a happy thought on the part of M. A. K. Lewis (an old Maorilander, and vice-president of the Melbourne Rugby Union) to drive the Maoris through the streets of the city on Saturday morning, attired in their beautiful and costly mats. The spectacle was a striking and novel one; and I firmly maintain that to Mr. Lewis acumen in utilising the four-in-hand drag the success of their opening match in Victoria WBP mainly attributable. Chance had directed my steps into Boyle and Scott's sanctum on Friday afternoon (after having only landed from Sydney the previous forenoon) and on entering the precincts I was introduced by the Almanac to Mr. J. It. Scott ( no relative of Dave's by-the-way,) the principal promoter of the Maori trip. I found him a cultured gentleman and a shrewd man of business—the very identical flute for such an undertaking His description of the Maoris—their imitatiyeness, their amenity to discipline, and their utter freedom from the debasing vices of the white race—was worth a pilgrimage to listen to ; and when he informed me that there was nothing in connection with the game of football but that if once shown they would steadily practice until they thoroughly grappled it, and that, although Rugby players, they were perfect masters of the intricacies of little marks and running with the ball as in the Australian game, I advised him to consider the advisability of taking a coach home with them so as to still further initiate them into the colonial game. Of course, the name of Jack LUwler naturally presented itself, and I am given to believe that it is nearly an accomplished fact for the Ballarat and Geelong exponent of football to visit the old country along with them. 'What chance do you think you will have with the teamB in England ?" I queried during conversation; Mr. Scott's answer being that he was very sanguine the Maoris would more than hold their own. "I am positive we could defeat the English team at present touring the colonies," he remarked. "We offered to play them in New Zealand; but they wanted 75 per cent, of the gate, giving as a quid pro quo the kudos we would gain if we succeeded in defeating them. I refused to meet them under such terms; but stated that we would play them on shares, and if they wanted a Bide wager of a century or two on the result, I would be happy to oblige them ; but they were not on." He further informed me that the trip was nearly an assured success financially up to the present. " Ah, you are going Home to gain vour prestige," was a remark I made, " but if you learn our game sufficiently well to beat any of our leading clubs, on your return, you will coin money in Victoria." To which Mr. Scott replied he was certain the Maoris would render a good account of themselves at the Australasian game, as they would strive to learn it, whereas the Englishmen would.not. Altogether I gleaned a lot of information about our Maori visitors ; but was hardly prepared to see such magnificent specimens of humanity as stepped forth to defend the-football honour of New Zealand against the pakeha. Great Ciesar's ghost! what calves ! Not beef to the heels like a Mullingar heifer; but massive and yet symmetrical. And when, after mutual salutations, the game started, what a veritable battle of giants eventuated. According to our idea, off-side (the particular delight of the Rugbean) ruins the English game; but there can be no two opinions that when " screwing the scrums " it is a case of Greek meeting Greek, and a survival of the fitteBt. The Melbourne men had gained glory by their excellent display against the Englishmen, and were evidently determined to do their utmost to avert defeat, but in the Bcrums they were invariably worsted, and althoughMuler Stohr, Murray and Scarborough worked like Trojans, the overpowering attacks of Smiler, Keogh and Lee, backed up by the determined fiont presented by Taiaroa and M'Causland, proved irresistible, and the Maoris gained a dashing albeit not easy victory by three points to nil In the Rugby game, under colonial usage, a touch down over the goal-line scores a point, which would be further augmented by two points were a goal secured from the kick, obtained by walking out 25 yards from the snot where the touch-down was obtained. M'Causland had three tries obtained by touch-downs achieved by Smiler, Keogh and Leo respectively; but although he struck the post on one occasion he failed to successfully negotiate either of them. Dr. Wilmott umpired for Victoria and Mr. George Williams (clad in a magnificent robe ornamented with peacockB' feathers) performed a similar office on behalf of the Maoris. Mr. J. Hughes was appointed referee ; but he failed to give entire satisfaction to either Bide, the visitors being pronounced in their expressions of disapproval when be refused to allow Murray (of the Melbourne team) what was generally conceded a fair touch-down. The incident was noteworthy, aB showing the very high standard ot courtesy which the Maoris exhibit when playing the game. They take their departure (24 of them) by the Orient steamer Cuzco, on Friday, and whether they fully bear out the high opinion Mr. Scott hae formed of their abilities or fall slightly below it I am satisfied that they will reflect the highest credit not alone on New Zealand in particular, but on Australasia in general. POSITIONS OF THE SENIOR CLUBS TO I3ATE._ ! a 6 0 £ 0 hJ m i i n "ai "5 O O 0 O O 0 * Lost. Drawn. Points Obtained. » ^ Average. (Maximum, South Melbourne.. Geelong South Ballarat ., Carlton Williamstown Richmond Ballarat Port Melbourne . North Melbourne.. Fitzroy St. Kilda Melbourne Essendon ... Footscray ... Ballarat Imperial. UuiverBity ... n 1 1 90 29 52 40 3*538 ,8 2 2 GO 45 48 3G 3 000 5 1 3 35 22 3G 2C 2*888 8 3 1 G8 42 48 34 2-833 9 4 1 5G 39 5G 38 2-714 9 4 2 or. 46 GO 40 2-GGG 5 4 2 35 24 44 24 2-181 8 7 59 54 GO 32 2133 4 5 4 49 .57 52 24 1-84G 4 5 2 37 3G 44 20 1-818 5 8 2 57 5G GO 24 1-600 4 7 1 35 53 48 18 1-500 9 1 30 53 52 14 1*076 3 9 28 63 48 32 1-000 1 8 "i 17 51 40 G OSOO ... 10 1 15 G6 44 2 0-181 ' Carried out to the third decimal degree. THEKK is some talk about arranging a match between the Norwoods (the premier team of South Australia) and South Melbourne, should the latter club keep where they are now—up top. I AM indebted to the courtesy of my old friend Dave Scott (of that Bourke-street firm yclept Boyle and Scott), as on so many previous occasions, for the following batting and bowling averages of the sixth Australian team in England for the seventeen matches up to and inclusive of the Liverpool and District Match. It will be observed that In the bowling averages Charley Turner has only about a sixth of a run per wicket advantage over his New South Wales confrere Johnny Ferris :— BATTING. Name. c a 1 be t» c •5 c a ° c « 0 C B -<! P. S. M'Donnell 23 728 105 1 33-090 G. Bonnor 57 7G3 119 g 3(1-520 S. P. Jones U 274 6! 1 27-400 H. Trott .. 27 541 83 1 20*773 A. Bannennun 24 377 G5 3 17*904 J. Worrall 24 350 4f> 4 17*500 C. T. B. Turner • 25 370 103 2 If,-34 7 J. Ferris 23 268 37 5 ]4'888 J. E wards 19 175 fl 0 7 14 583 J. M'C. Blackliam 2,'i 333 9fi 0 13*320 A. Jarvis 22 270 39 1 13-142 H. F. Boyle 1G 92 22 G 9-2D0 J. Lyons 12 70 15 2 7-000 BOWLING. Name. a; G s bo • a •a ^ « « '3 > Jones 275 134 1!) It! 13-400 Turner .. ... 5039.1717 G01 128 13*414 Ferris 4149 142 f 43f 105 13-58(5 Boyle ' 244 73 28 4 18-250 Worrall j 578 223 58 12 18-583 Trott 11145 G49 91 2l> 24 9G1 Lyons | 152 82 1'- 2 41-000 THAT'S no end of a nice trophy that cricket cup in Boyle and Scott's window, presented by that princely patron of the king of summer pastimes, Mr. Oliver M'Lean (of M'Lean Brothers and Rigg). It stands nearly three feet in height, and if you haven't seen it yet, just go and have a peep at it; but, take my tip for it, and don't choose a Saturday night to do so. You won't have a dog's show of getting within cooee of the ravche then unless you're either a prominent footballer or a fat pressman. AND in that connection there was a jolly good joke perpetrated by Gleadhill, of The Lcvdon Sportsman, at the dinner given by Boyle and Scott at the presentation of their trophies some three weeks back. Some hundred and fifty persons had accepted the kindly invitation of the well-known cricket providores, and after discussing an excellent dinner served up in HostSteadman's (he of the Albion) best style, there was some rare singing and castanet playing (Jimmy Morris rattling the bones), interspersed with toasts. It was after Harry Hedley bad brought down the house by an original poetic panegyric on the Sixth Australian Eleven that Dave Scott proposed the toast of the Press, and in doing so remarked that in the Australian colonies preBBmen did not confine themselves to any one branch of sport, but seemed to know something about everything therewith connected—in fact, were good all-round men. To this Mr. Gleadhill, who responded on behalf of the members of the Fourth Estate, replied that he could quite endorse the Almanac's remarks, as during hie stay in Victoria he had discovered that the members of the sporting press were like himself, all round men ; and as the minds of his audience reverted to the " fair round belly, with good capon lined" carried by " Mid On" (of the Leader), "Augur "(of the Australasian). "Vigilant", (of the Melbourne Sportsman), and " Olympus" (of MEL- BOURNE PUNCH), they yelled sans intermission two minuteB by the clock. To hark hack to Mr. M'Lean's trophy, I observed Frank Walters gazing at it rather wistfully the other day. I'll take Fred Shea a modest wager that he can't guess in once what Frank was cogitating about whilst inspecting it. Are you on, old pard ? "Yes." Well, then, out with it. "How he would display big feats when playing for it next season." By golly, that's just it; but how did you come to guess it, old man ? Oh, certainly, Geordie Palmer with his carpet- bag anecdote, had informed you that Cranky was built that way. THE life of a gentleman sentenced to imprisonment in Mexico seems from the accounts furnished us by a Mexican paper to be about as easy, comfortable and luxurious an existence as the mOBt bloated of British aristocrats could wish for. On Easter Sunday, we are told, a great bull fight took place in the town of Celaya, and not only were the whole of the inhabitants present, but the prisoners in the town gaol were also invited to attend. One of these gentlemen during the performance struck a match to " light his cigarito "—from which it is clear that smoking is one of the indulgences habitually permitted to these honest hermits. Having lighted his Havanah, the worthy conviot threw it away, and in another moment the building had caught fire, a bull broke loose amongst the people, eighteen persons were killed, sixty-one were seriously burned, over a hundred were injured in jumping from the galleries, and fifty were hurt in the crush. And, finally, the whole of the convicts made their escape. The moral of which appears to be that those convicts were exceedingly foolish and ignorant persons. They had a good, comfortable home, with the choicest amusements provided for them, and a full supply of all those oreature comforts which help to make life worth living. What on earth did they want to escape for—into the cold, cruel, callous world, where you can never get a really good cigar for less than a penny, and where even the gallery price of admission to places of entertainment is sometimes as high as sixpence ? The adventure is certainly very distressing, and it illustrates in painfully vivid colours the everlasting discontent and ingratitude of-the human race. If the prisoners in Celaya gaol were not satisfied with their lot where on earth would you expect to find contentment? And, having no further remarks to offer, yours truly simply re-echoes-Where ? OLYMPUS. 