AMUSEMENTS, "iTTAMT.fcT" The Holloway Company made their first appearance in u Hamlet" here at the Criterion Theatre Inst night. The house was crowded in every part, and though as a whole the re presentation falls somewhat below the stan- dard hitherto maintained by the company in Shakespearian drama, the audience took no heed of the fact, but welcomed all and sundry with the warmest enthusiasm. Tbo play is undoubtedly the most popular of Shake speare's great dratnrw, and playgoera must feel grateful accordingly that even at the laat hour Mr. Holloway should have produced it. That actor made his first nppoarance as Hamlet, aud won the favor of the house by a rendering which may be characterised as intelligent and consistent. No new readings aro given, nor is it much to be expected that new light should ho thrown upon' a part so long studied and elaborated by tradi tion on tradition. Mr. Holloway's impersona tion calls for praise ou the ground of moderation, care and vocal clearness. Not a word foil to tho grouud unheard last night, and the part was played with thoughtful care. We observe that Mr. Holloway borrows from foreign sources in tho 6ceno with lloaencrant and Guildenstern iu the speech, "And those that would make mouths at him whilo my father lived, givo 20, 40. 50,100 ducats apiece for his picture in little." Here the actor, with bitter significance, took in his hands the miniatures hauging round the two courtiers' necks— a piece of business Gorman in its origin. Did space permit, a good deal might be written of the impersonation, which pleased the house and earned the acior wreath aud bouquets with which to grace his benefit night. Miss Essie Tenyns gave a clever, though not entirely convincing, rendering of the mad scene as Ophelia, her best touch being the chauge from painfnl perplexity to childish pleasure con veyed in the delighted wonder of tho 11 There's a daisy 1" With some bright exceptions tho company did not shine in the remaining charac ters. Mr. II. Norman did well as the King, but Mr. Harry llodson was a young man with a grey beard as Poionius ; Mr. Richard Stewart, except in his outburst of grief over Ophelia's body at the end of Act 4, where ho was ad mirable. proved u stagey" as Laertes ; and Mr. Alfred Rolfe was over-weighted with tho im portant part of Horatio. Mr. Robert Intnan spoke the Ghost part with solemnity, giving more satisfaction tbuu might have been ex pected in a character almost invariably asso ciated with a deep bass voice, nnd Miss Constauce Deorwyu, very richly dressed, was well cn9t as the Queen. Mr. J. L. Hall strengthened the cast as the First Grave-digger and minor parts were well filled. Tho play ia adequately staged, tho sea view, with tho turrets of Elsiuorc rising front the .dashing waves, being especially pretty, and those who seo the laat performance this oroning will have ercrv reason to be pleased with their visit. The season cIosgb to-morrow with Miss Easts Jenyns benefits— " As You Like It" in tho afternoon and "The Merchant of Yonica" at night. Our Bathurst correspondent wired yesterday t — "The Bathurst Philharmonic Society, ia conjunction with tho Musical Union, gavo their first concert to-night in the School of Arts-hall, under the conductorship of Mr. C« J. Phillips. M, Poussard and Messrs. Alexan der and Board caino from Sydney specially to assist. There was a very largo aud iashlonablo audience, and the various items on the pro gramme were most favorably received, Tho chief feature of the entertainment was tho excellent solos rendered by Miss Carpenter, a local lad-. All the part songs wore fairly, rendered, bnt lacked power in male voices." Our Brisbane correspondent wires "Tho production of 'Dorothy ' at Her Majesty's Theatre bjUVilliamson, dforncr and Musgrove'a Company is the biggest success yet achieved on me xmsouue stage, mere omng crowaeu houses nightly." We are requested to remind tbo subscribers to the. French Comedy Company who have not received their 6easoo tickets that they can obtain them, on receipt of their subscriptions, nt Messrs. Paling aud Co., the box-office. Tha plan for the initial performances will be avail able for subscribers only on Monday next and for the public on Tuesday. The opening comedy will bo " L« Voyage de Monsieur Perrichon." The management of the Crystal Palaco Skating Rink, in York-street, have decided to reserve the Wednesday night in caolt week as a special ladies' night, and last night the attead- ance was very good. To- morrow afternoon the rink has been engaged for a private skating' party, but the public can obtain admission in the evening. 