A DREAM, OR WHAT 1 [Br SUBEEY.] Dear reader, being myself a practical unromantic merchant's clerk, 1 have betn greatly puzzled to account for the strange -circumstance I am about to relate you. It may interest you to work out some theory of your own concerning it, or perchance tend to confirm and strengthen you in a lurking love ou may cherish for the mysterious ; anyhow f crave your attention for awhile, so " put on your considering cap" or " light up" (as your Bex may determine) whilst I spin you the strangest yam it haB ever been my lot to be connected with, and may be yours to unravel. It was in December, about ten years ago, when I was bookkeeper in a coffee merchant's office in London, that 1 received an invitation to spend Christmas week with a distant relative in the country. Miss Hope (I avoid giving her real name) said she was very lonely and longed to see some one of her family at Christmas; she remembered that I waB her godson, and moreover she thought a change from city life might be welcome to me, hence her offer of hospitality. 1 wrote accepting her invitation, but said that as £ was uncertain as to what day I could be scared from my office duties, I wnuld walk the two or three miles from the fat&rion; to Tylecote Hall, so she need not, as she hid suggested, send to meet me. It BO happened that I could not leave my office until Christmas Eve, and that this particular Christmas Eve chose to be UB fo£t»v in London as it was possible for it to bu Every ti-.'.i.- in the fog area was delayc-d, and conscqiii: Vy I did not reach Cloverford until tcijjj midnight. Once there I found the stunon bright with lights and spruce with decorations; the waiting-room fire was as cheerful ae the drop "o'sum'ut ot" (which the good-hearted st-ationmaster pressed on me) was welcome, and I was loth to leave the glow of genial comfort to step out on n:y journey into the bleak unknown couutry. The porter was, however, putting out the station lights, and there were other evidences of shutting up, so w ith " A Merry CUriatmas" to all I etrode briskly on my way. The silence of tlie country—broken only by the crunch crunch of my foofettps on the crisp Bnow, or their metallic ring on the bare patches of frostbound road—was to me almost unearthly after the continuous noise and bustle of London. Sometimes the wind would gather in a copse over the fields, moaning like men in agony, then with a shriek would come tearing towards me, and whisk the enow off the hedge-tops into my face. Well do I remember myself trudging along in that strange and unaccustomed loneliness, a solitude which might well conjure up and lend a reality to weird stories of ghosts and haunted houses that it was impossible to invest tbem with in the practical city life. No wonder that I recalled the strange legend connected with the house I was visiting, which had been repeated to me more than onee. Some generations since the squire who lived at Tylecote married a very beautiful woman, as lovely, they said, as a statue of Venus, and alas! as cold. Squire Hope was a man who interested himself in the welfare of the farmers ronsd about him, and was always busy with agricultural experiments or schemes for the better housing of his tenants. He was happy in the dry details of Churchwardensbip, his face beamed a quiet satisfaction from bis Beat as Justice of the Peace, and looked the picture of jollity at the annual barvest home; beyond euch lineB his tastes declined to be trained, and he was quite out of his element at his wife's elaborate dinner parties, With inclinations dissimilar on every point, and with the wife's naturally unsympathetic disposition, it ia scarcely to be wondered that each lapsed into a feeling of perfect indifference as to the other's existence. This was the position of affairs when one day Squire Hope was taken suddenly itl; then his wife exhibited the greatest anxiety, she insisted on waiting on him with her own hands, and seemed jealous of the slightest inteilereoos vr suggestion. She would not even send for a doctor, for said she, " it is only a slight cold, 1, his wile, can do all that is need." A day or two passed when she came to her housekeeper with a face pale as stoce and gasped, "Oh! please come at once; my husband looks so strange ! Can it be death ?" Some of them went and found the Squire cn the bed, his life quite extinct, a hcrrible look on his face, and his right arm fti»-t<he<l out stiff and ri^id, with one finger pointicg to a chair in the room. Such a Bight as he presented, so frightfully distorted was his once so peace !ul countenance, so unaccountably Buggestivu was the pointing finger, that none dared to re-enter the room; the servants Keemed ttrror-btricken. It is said th.-it the undertakers had to break bis arm before thoy could get tho body into the coffin' Trjc stcry was of course the toi_>ic of conversation for a long time afterwards; but this was before the age of newspapers, railways, and telegraphs, so it is not surprising that spite of the strangeness of the scaadal no enquiry was made concerning ir, A year passed by, and the squire's death was as " a taie that is told," when one day a servant who was cleaning one of the rooms found a small phial concealed behind the wainscoting. Cn examination it turned out to be half-filled «ith poison. This discovery restarted the auspicious theories concerning the squire's mysterious end, and resulted in a judicial enquiry. The case came before Judge Popwell, all the evidence pointing to the guilt of the squire's widow, so that it was a matter of astonishment to every °ne when the case was -dismissed, and Airs. Hope declared to be entirely above suspicion; stranger still did veople deem it when J udge Popwell married her but a tew months after the trial. Time went on, and the jPopwells were blessed with two SOUB, fine promising lads, on whom their mother lavished her long pent up affections. Her former icy coldness seemed dispelled by an intense love for her bc-ye, her very ieolation (for_ she was now shunned by her former acquaintance) accentuating her determination to win their regard. To them she was as unselfish and yielding as she had been to others proud and cold. The two eldest went to Oxford together! and distinguished themselves in learning and sthletica. So time went on, when one day, without warning, their mother was deprived of both of tbem, never to meet them more. They had quarrelled, and one Btruck the other, killing him on the spot. The survivor fied the country, and was never again heard of. With but one son remaining to her the broken-hearted mother, stricken with grief and with age creeping on apace, would never let him leave her side, but her care was in vain, for he died of consumption at the early age of 20. _ From that day to this a Nemesis seems to have followed the family. The heir to the estate has died just on entering early .manhood, or, ae is the case with the present heir, haB been hopelessly imbecile. A cluster of graves in the nearest Churchyard iB in evidence to this strange fatality. Such was the dismal story that pursued lny thoughts as I hurried through my journey, and welcome, indeed, were the lodge lights at the gates of Tylecote. There I found that a straight drive through an avenue of beeches led to the house, which waB also approached by way of two semicircular footpaths ou either Bide of the avenue; the paths were between hedges of laurel which had grown about 12 feet high, and the one I took had been swept free from snow for the use of pedestrian. This brought me to the front of the house, which, bathed in a flood of moonlight, presented a grand old-time appearance, 'l'i leeotc Hall was built in the form of three t-ides of a square ; in the centre was a helfry over the massive doorway, and a wide flight of fetepa led up to the entrance. Many of the windows were bright with the orange glow of lights, and the house was covered with snow flecked ivy, showing a deep -contrast of intense blink &ad; dazzling white. My ring was immediately answered, and my aunt (for so ehe wished me to CAI! her) came to welcome me. She was a grand old lady, such as might have stepped from one of the many portraits ia her house, her face beaming with the n.agic glow of heartfelt pleasure, her hair of a pure white iu luge curlB on her forehead, both her hauls held out to grasp mine. She drew me into a STIUJ; sitting-room, where a supper was ready for me, and explained that she was prepared for my coming, having heard of the delay of the trains. She then asked me to excuse her retiring, as she was feeling unwell, and said she would have a long talk with me next day. After supper I was Ehown to my room, which was the picture of comfort. Ia the old-fashioned fireplace burned a glorious fire of legs. The ceiling was of richly panelled oak, as were also the wainscoting and doors. The bed in the centre of the room was •canopied and surrounded by curtains, slightly drawn on one side and at the foot. Facing the bed was an oriel window, into the recees of which the moonlight streamed through tinted gliss. There were several portraits in the room, all with background of that glossy blackness peculiar to old oil paintings of this description, and with an almost lifelike expression in the faces that seemed to look at me. I noticed these details a3 I eat in a chintz-covered armchair drawn up by the fire, and also that there was a email table and reading-lamp, with some b^oks and papers by my bedside. Once in bed I tried to read, but the story of Squire Hope's death forced itself on my consideration, so after extinguishing'ihe lamp 1 went to s'eep, still thinking over the strange leg- end. I must have been asleep seme time, when I woke with that peculiar sensation which many have experienced—a feeling that some one was looking at me, and that I must look to Bee who it was. This irresistible impulse led me to fix my gaza on the oriel window, still bright with moon light, and with shadow branches oi ivv waving here and there across it. Whilst I was looking the moon was gradually hidden by a cloud. As the light faded slowly into darkness I seemed to see a pair of eyes 8taring straight into mine, and by degrees I thought I could distinguish a face; then a body robed in white slowly formed in that dimly-illumined recess, and I no longer doubted but that I was not alone in the room. I seemed paralyzed and spellbound by the horrible look fixed ou me; utterly unable was I to move or sneak. Although I had never Been death before I felt that I was iu the presence of the dead ; yet the eyes glowed with a supernatural brightness; then I became conscious tiiat the form was gradually moving towards me. It was now hidden by the bed-hangings; still a magnetic influence seemed to have seized on my will, and compelled me to turn to the opening in the curtains, where the table was placed. There I eaw now loogtr the lamp and books, but on the table iu the dim reflection of the firelight were a sma.ll phial and a glass. My whole body trembled with a horrible dread. I was utterly unable to shriek as I ' strove to do, and when the form took its j place by the table, with eyes rivetted to j mine, and with its loose icy robes hanging over me, I prayed that even death itself might shut out the terrible vision. Slowly the rigid eorpselike fingers clutched the phial, ani3 raisicg it, poured out some drops into the gla.=s. I felt that I had no power to resist swallowing the poison, for such I gur-ssf d it to be, when I saw my auut come suddenly behind the unearthly visitant and strike the friars and bottle from its hands. I remembered no more; it appears that I lay senseless for two cr three days, and when I recovered consciousness my mother was becoicg over me, and stopped my bewildered enquiries as to what had happened. 1 was afterwards told that my aunt had been fouud dead in her bed that. Christmas morninjr. Was my strange experience the dream of delirium, happening together with mysterious coincidences, or did I really see the Ghost of Tjlecote, who can tell? 