W A S IT A D R E A M ? Oné d^iv in i'h- i-arlv s]!: - ;]!-^. 1 was returnrn^ from a trip in tin- e.nintn-. 1 wa> tired, and la.' ! down in ro<t in the .«lladt'jOl :i!l old Iiak II 1 !', r'l hv till' hanks! nf tin- hahlJing rive:-. 'It was at! the to'.it .it' a -r<*i-;i meadnw. and hut a: step ii.mi i lie pulilic road. A <v.«»'try- | man i>ir his wa\ ' o iown Mopp.-d and en- | teri-d: ;inio e iiivi-r-.aioii. iii-ih.' roiirso of j whioh; le- iiilonn-d ni" ilia! a .i<'rrih|o i.iinr- ; dt?r liad oner heeii o iniuiined !.":ieaili that j tree, ('lose to whore I was.-oaled. He e.iuld jgivo lile lmlie ..f I In- • pari ioiilars—it had liappoii''.! lo;m l-l'or.'-hi- lav—a few' o years I after ih.- l!.-\ >i u: iomjrv war: ho only knew Mar-uni. a n.-aliliv u.-niieinaii. ; c had ijiiuidvred h;-= yoiinir wife and lier : a sujijiosed pal-ailloli- upin lliat >t. If! he had the time ho o.uild show mo where g Marsilen's re-idi'iiee ,.noo stocl. lint he a was il) a hurry, and i --i-d on. 'These laets mm).-- . -.-;, Viiii.;-os-ion on my mind, and 1 -a; .;ii I puidered over what I lia 1 hear 1 .'i' , regard to the ilight ni' 1 iiur. '!":!•• '::••! -v.ti'Mo restbehind.the distaii: h:ii-:-i!i" ourtaiii of darknjess was enwrappiim- i'ho world : the stars twilled f.irili oie- l,y oiio in i he far off sky ; the ov] sen; f oili liis du'], m-uititoiious cry,'and the river tinkled musically onward uv-r it- rooky hod. and seemed t.. hid mo ris<\- and follow it : hut 1 disobeyed its eall and !"'n;reml on. i knew'iiot what a -;raii-' • ox-jj.-rience would be mijio ore I a^ain ili.it sp a. Thh thnnders of ih . war of the Hevolutioll have erased tn reverberate among the liiÙs ànd valleys of the iiew-lioni America: j the \vhite of p.-ave streams on the hreez^, and ilie busy hum of a«-tive labor fills the land ; the soldier-, young and old, have all returned to their sweethearts; niothi'rs, wives, and eh!kiren, covered with glory and renown, and are bending! their jenergios to the task of making the infant republic the grandest of all (Jo-j vernn'pents upon the face of the globe. i .V (inorn ill .lune : a hrijrht sun :tnd a cloudless sky: dew drops glittering like millions oi" diamonds slrewn by the hands of fairies over ihe wjiving- grass : sweet song birds on the liranehes of every nod-J ding tree, fill the liuiver-seontod air with] nielodv. Stretched beneath a sturdy oak, I re?', full length upon the sward, drinki: L- ill all th.- beauty, ihe melody, and the} perfume of ilio fair in initng. What a strange being 1 am. I have, life, lihought. and motion, hui 1 aïn iiivisiblo.' I know the minds.- the feelings, nud (lie souls of all with whom I eome ill Coiit:ael : .hut they never for 1 or Sirill to know !<if my pre- om-e. I»ul hisl ! 1 hear approaching footsteps. I raise niyself slightly and see e.miihg toward-- iito a tall. Iiroad shouldered man in the very prime of life—a handsome man, With curling hair and blazing eyes. Elegantly is he clad in the dress oi' that period, immediately succeeding the revolution. ' I ! Soiiie trouble is on his mind, for his Urow-s are e >ntraotod. and his hands verv tightly clenched tog -tle-r. and he mutters constantly to himself. I feel that I unist be with him, and kn-.r.v V;s ways. rto. gliding to his side, l og.'ther wo .walk.up the sloping pathway in the direction of the-wjhite, vine-i^iubuworod cottage we see vondér'up the crest of that green hill. I am njit with the poor I'oll iw lotig before. I know, his trouble. His--un! is distracted with tjealousy. He his young bride! of infidelity to hiii). 'What shall I do ?' he moans almost c.instinnjtly. 4 Oh. what shall,I "do ? the woman whom I had placed jAuvc all othersyand whom I hold dealer nian my soul,] is false. Perhaiis-it is Marsden jealousy that has possession . of me. I can only wait and see—w.-dl and see.' i Wie are now near the house, and from out kf the. TÎne-wreatii. d poich a girlish figuriî springs, and with light graceful steps skims over the flower-envered lawn to meet and greet lier husband. ; What a rarely beautiful ereatnre she is —wifch a form so light, so wondronslv. mouliled—such dewy brown eyes, so frill of tepdei ness and sweet expression, ! Her fair ,hair, that gleams and glints in the sÙDslunë, falls over shoulders like a golden yeil, and her lips, red and clear as [io strawberries parte over tooth whiter '1:111 iUiy I peat] ever extracted from the tj'd OCOalU I d not wonder that the ljitisband Svorshi hér as wildly as he Joes. i ! j 8he throws l|ier snowy, jewelled arms -iround ih'e hi-oa-1 shoulders of Marsden, Llxl holds': up tin ivd iuiiî fragrant lips to j-kissodi I k inw the man feels like thrusting: lier 1 oui him, and pouring | >;'i Ii upon,her »! fenceless lioatl the fury Ijollg .-mothered wiihijn his breath. Far bettor wotild it h ave bjeen liad lie done so. j»nt In--iMiit limself by a great effort, tightly kisses tin little .mouth, mid walks pu in silence to the house, she clinging to Ii is arm. ; She is alchildi .innocent thing, I know, \n gu:l"jin lie heart—no stain oii her ^o'il. H«>W tori Uv blind humanity is. j knoiv . her tho lghts, and can oven hear the blood ;as it ri [iples j through her veins, :înd know 1 that e ery drop from the warm, trusting ; heart s consecrated to the broad-shoilldi'rei] jealous creature whose name she hears. ; On arriving ikcuses himse]:' it the house, ilarsden md retires to his a'iart- HI eut. Bowing iis head upon a table he liiiuiters brokenly | 'Oh, -it mus! be |so! Old Pompey ifannot mistajli •n. ! Twice he says he ijnet him Jin the last ten days, at the foot of tlie tiiojid-nv 1 the bid oàk tree. If I find i-his ijejiort t ) he true, his life, at least, sjhall pay the ]ien: Ity for bringing disgrace oil Marsdyn's nai lie.' • . r | Out in jtlie gar len, in the latticed sumtie white-ciad figure is nier house, a li cjrouched in the i of the rustic bench. sbbbing faintly. ! 4 1 must tell SI as to-night. pense is almost i nendtirable. This sus- Silas is so pVoud—bût then he s -cured his pardon ojnee, and gave li tn mi iney to start afresh -f-and he thinks low li e is far away. Oh, how angry lie v onld be did he kno.v of this newri-oubl Poor, erring hoy, I Jove h;im so. To-mor •ÔW iio will be gone and tlien I will tell Silais—mv dear, dear husband.' : She rises from her seat, but she notices nit the scraj) <i white paper that lias fallen from her Ik om io the ground. By; senile strange fat: Jlity Stlas Marsden enters tl,ie suinmier hoiis< imn'iediately after his wjife leaves it. Vliii :i.-t the first object tljiat greets his 7.o is |the scrap.of paper, Imagining evil ii evorjrthing, lie gathors iti ni) eage.rlv, an< with fast-bèating heart arid changing < )unti|nance reads the following : j | 4 Dearest—Me< t ni" jat the old oak tree, at the foot of the nieadow, at dusk this -"I - T evening. : 1 o-mi rrow | all will bo over. 1 >o not fad. Lo' •i vL u: i I'oor. unhappy :1as ,M arsdon. One 'isroxysni after another 'jof rage and j"ti!ousv ei>nvtilses his frame, and he utters 'i---es loud and i •••p. | Slnrder is in his 1 lnj-art, and it. is s- no time before he grows alm enough tu f rm his plan of definite iiiion. 1 jOut in the sunn y world all is joy and ladness. The rieko( s chirp out clear nd shrill : myri:: Is of birds ]iour their sweet songs : anil d th 1 reeze, as it sweeps s.ji'ily onward, be:i l-S I.UJ .in its It.tsoin the perfuine of a thou ;arid j Hut all this br aiid happine nijiserable Marsdi through his' veil (ire, and his heart bright flowers, ghtn 'ss, all this song not shared in by the :i. His blood surges ? lik ; seething molten . feels as if it would tear it«elf asunder. ! Uack to the hn he presently rushed, ai)d, calling hi wife |to hiui, hurriedly tejls her that, he 1 as been summoned away oii urgent busim ss,' to be detained he } difes not know h iv long. Tlie innocent j wife, knowing noi what is iu his heart, bids him good-bye and wishes him success, ! '1 tie green-eyi.'d n uister, rankling in his ! soul, makes him fancy that she smiles a lid is cheerful at his departure. Fearful ! of losing his sell !itr«yi he rushed oft and j a\iayl tliroiigh th »et scented forest ; to|ward.S the• villa Xight, dark, g oomy night. The sky I unearthly, lur'ni hut ; the atmosphere heavy and oppres: ive : he occasional flash of; lightei|ing : tl lien mutterings of thunder among t hills ; the soughing sigh of the wind in the tall tree tops': the weird wailini of the great throated j fn'igs in the river the® low flight of the leather-winged b: , all tell of an ap- prbaching storm iOdd ! but there by pat old oak tree, atjthe foot of Mai sden meadows, a man an'd woman "are lin gerin lîy the strange j light omitted frou! the :louds £ see them plainly. He is ta 1 am handsome, she is slight and grace ill. The woman is Silas Marsden's v i fell the nian—well, I noT know, because 1 everything—but thf trembling am v m n here at my side does not: Silas Ma sden and I. his constant. • invisibl c-OMpanion, are "here indiiinl the d. cay g tree that has been i-ivjiMi andj blasted w the lightning bolt. He lis nervously clutching a gleaniins; plsjtol, I gazmg ; ass iv -ly on. We hear the vi lices )f the man and the .wojuian. ! They talking low, and it see.ms loyingly. Sow they are about to part. A\'e see reach out his arijis and draw th woman to his breast. Wje luïar him ' Farewell, ] my love,' anil his lins nieei her's in lingering kisses, Kly God ! The man at my side, leaps foiith from his coi; cealmenfc with an aivful cry—such as I ha re never heard before— of mingled rage a ud despair, and fires liis toi several tini* s in i succession at the couple. An owl, alarnied at the unusual ijinoti(|)n, flags ii avilv away among the a dreadful, death-like stillneis now ?ns ; the sky ijsumes a blood-red hue, l|hnparts to all objects the sanie horit rib)e color. is ii terrible night, and Oh ! fieart grows iiumbj with the ghastly fer ror, and the ve V in: rrow neezes m mv banes. AVeré th? shotj; effective ? Yes, very. Fo the: nian lie 5 motionless and dead, neeer moving a aft< r fall ing su heavily to the gcound. At little distance from liim the jwoman— noanjing and gasping ; .er white dress sill stained and dabbled ,iil h blood ; the r isehujls falling withered and dv'ng from In 'i r golden hair, and ; the jenfelled Jiiand clu telling convulsively; at tlu jLreinjbling gra 5. Oh ! it Is a terrible, night: !No soQnei are flic shots fired, »Dd the ni.iii ;sees his ireadful work, than r«- rse seizes upon liin, and he rushes to the sid î of tlic prostra te Iranian, and tender!v lifting heir head om the ground i pillows it ttpbn his bosom. Th^ great brown eyes unclos ; for an instant, and a tliem ; tlie pale 1 t of joy illuminates murmur caressingly, 4 Mv poor hrc •—dead—Sif as, iny husband-j—my <iv —-.' But the sentence is never nnishot hack,! the! lo villi the sunny 1 ejid falls vet close for «iver, arid tlie spotless, innocent soul is qui< tly borne by an^jel hands • v<?r the jaspar sea through the 4 ^atqs o"^'," ajar, J 1 to I life T and rest ternal. A terrible light ^lawns upon the unie happy murdurer cry of With a hoar agony lie] rushe s 'to the dead inhn. and bendipig low he loi'k i closely to jthe up turned, rigid fa^o. Ihe counten ance tells an awful tale. My be g asps. 4 11 y wife's outlawed ibrotliCji I thought h î|was far away! Ôh, wh wa$ I so fearfn ly blind ? He rises tron the ground, an lj dashes like a! hui ited an inial into a depth: of the forest! A flash of lightning, a burst of tjli under, and" ihe itlireatjeried; storm bur sts forth. Oh! jt isîa terrible night. A wretfhed v aiidnrer in Euro under i assumed na e. [after a lap of two vears, 1 I again scejSillas Zklarsden Over Ii._ the s îow-eoveretl ii j mountains i j . of „r Switzerland the sunny slopes of Italy, tlie vineliianV, the bonn Ivales of clad 1 ills of G« Fran e, tlie. fog streets of London : tlie gay rèsorts of Paris-—here, there, every where he has s< ught the blesser boon of peace-j—.surcease fiioni sorrow. fiut, alas! it is not granted himL A hagg ird, lialfand a zed m:in, h | wit n.iers on on, plunging into nl sorts t»f reckle: ness and debauchery, seeking for that which is : deified him. Constantly li nnocent ric LLtns are with hmij-in the waking hour 3| of the , iivad , midnight, J - v - , . 1 | tJ)e fu|j „J :iji-ç ;1 of the noonday spu, in the, crowded cit in the quiet country, he sec thei bloo I-stained forms. ! Hburly htf corses hiuisel ! and his blind jejaloùsy. Poor man—haii J indeed, is his ^ipsit^on ! Xow we are b^ick'again in Air erica,, in. the third storey )f| a squalid hotel in the lonelyjquarter of a great city. It is mid night,' sind {the a; rsary pi that; terrible murderjin the Marsdyn meadows, Again a fearful storm is rag ng. For three days Marsden lias bteh without rere For upon that iniser- hours i lie has lain ihe! able cot;, listening !to the howlin storm, striving to Wget the past. Th hour of midnight, rung emit blv a clock in i neighbv boring belfry, is Dorn^ quivering! the sighinjgj wind to his istennig <-ar * The last stroiie dies s away. With tlnf old cry on his {lips, Marsden springs f 'om the bed, d|i-;iws ii pist il fr. )in his boson , places it 11 Jiîs temple , fire s, and sink to the floor a t'iooàv co •use. 3; 1 i f Ijoneath jthe old oakj by! the ?pre: river ding bough of the at the foot of the ilarsden liitfadow sjl rest again, It is; ni^ht, :alui and clear, with a faint moonj shining in the sky. Sud- denly !th< lie ; ai dense with sul ur, and from out the gloom phuroiis: s odjlii comes j^ilas'Mar: .with the s.-» îe restless haggard lool n his face, He laps one skinny hand upon my shouli er and greets ; ine às he Would an old acquain tance, i Thie ait grows heavier v ith the Sulphurous jsmell, 'a ghastly bluj light illuminés the scene! : the hand res ting on sholulder set ins lurninsr and! searing rny fltis|i to the jveiy bone, a strange horror; pervades ni V system—I try to scream;, 1 and. u ike; a desperate e li'ort to leave the spot I ell suddenly booms out witli a sullen r^iar, and I fia.i myself stand in g. dazed j arid bewildered, in the public rdad. a few feet fjrom where 11: v down to rest at thj; be<:'inning of this story I had certainly ! .been asleep, iuid the night far ad .aneed and dark a 5 pitch, All wasjstillUis Jea!thL save the m unnuriverjclose hv. 1 felt lik< ing O o: J dhe | little one who had b<rible riight-mare and it was wit 1 diifi h stilfering froiii a terculty that lj found ii}' way back to the -villageji kind to mv gings. Aft<ii|that I w as sick for several days : but thei physici: sJiid mv illness was caused! ijiy lying on jth'e damp grot] nd. I did not Ml him >f ! mv strange ex| erience nor of ; the pa " irul! condition i r>f my shoulder, which lingered with i lie for many (lays, j I am :not ti superstitious person but. I shall always fini) !y ! belie ve tliat tht ghost »f the dead iind gone Marsden returned to earth! that nig lid and took me wltii him down tile vale of !ye.)rs 1 showed me his pasit!life, 