V. Among other well-known inhabitants of 'Amherst, who beard and saw the wonders at this period, I may mention William Hillson, Daniel Morrison, Robert Hutchinson, who was John White's son-in-law; and last, but not least amost important witness, J. Albert Black, Esq., editor and proprietor of the Amherst GautU. Toward the latter ; part of March, Esther went to St John, New Brunswick, On March 25 th and 26th, Mr. Nan nerd's company, of which, of course, 1 was still A member, flayed in Amherst; and it wis thfen, while Esther was in St. John, ? that I entered into an arrangement with j Mr. John White, to go into partnership with him and lecture on the Amherst Mystery, on my return from the Island of Newfoundland, provided Esther would go With us tad remain seated upon tne stage while I delivered the lecture. My intention being, as already stated, t&ekposethe; mystery; and make money out of it while so doing, which I con sidered a grand scheme for the summer season. While in Amherst, on this occasion, I went to Daniel Teed's cottage, and was informed that the ghost had followed her to St. John. I also saw and con versed with a number of persons, who related marvellous accounts of "the power," as they called it While in Bt. John, Esther was the guest of Captain James Beck, and lived at his house, under the immedinte care and protection of his wife. Her remarkable case was investigated by numbers of persons, well known in St. John as men whose minds were devoted to occult science. Doctor Alward, Mr. Amos Fales, Mr. Alexander Christie, Mr. Ritchie and others wit nessed various phases of the power, and talked with the ghost by the aid of knocks on the walls and household furnitnre, and, wonderful to relnte, claimed that other ghosts came and conversed also, by knocking. After remaining in St. John about three weeks, Esther returned to Amherst, and accepted an invitation to visit Mr. and Mrs. Van Amburgh, at their farm, about two aud a half miles from the village. She remained eight weeks with tbem, during which period the ghost allowed her to enjoy a life of the most rural repose with her kind-hearted friends in their pleasant home, which is, literally, situated in the woods. He would only knock occasionally, but never tortured her in any way. I afterwards met Mr. and Mrs. Vttn Amburgh at their farm; alio Mr. Van Amburgh's aged mother, who was blind, and had been so for a number of years. She must have been seventy-five of eighty years of age at the time, and perhaps older, and passed her j time in an easy-chair, where sne enjoyed smoking a clay pipe, which her son filled for her. She told me she had used tobacco for about forty years. She was possessed of remarkable conversa tional powers for so old a lady. Mrs. Van Amburgh was a blonde, and very pleasant. I should iudge that she was much younger than her hus band. Mr. Van Amburgh had been a sailor, and had travelled to all parts of the world; was about fifty years of age, tall and lean, and wore a long, tawny beard; had brown hair and blue eyes altogether, I found him a most agreeable man. He informed me that Van Amburgh, the celebrated Uontamer, was hit uncle; spoke oHus relative's wonder ful power over' wilcLLbeasts, but attri buted it, to strpijg n«ves and brave, darine nature, to Which Vis added and inboth love ofali animals. Esthet seemed sb^appy With the Yah AmburghB that'ttll :her iriends hoped she would remain; with :thiem until: the ghost had left her never to . return. While.there she worked about the house with Mrs. Van AmbUrgh, played'with the children, and but rarely - came' into the village to visit, and then always returned totheiarm to sleep; her: family and friends all being afraid' to have her re main in their houses during the night.: It was even suggested that. Mr Van Amburgh possessed an influence over the ghostsirailarto the alleged influence his illustrious kinsman was said to have had over wild beasts. However, I never could ascertain that such a theory had a substantial, foundation. No person had any power over the ghost to my know ledge, and everything I ever saw or knew to be tried failed to check his terrible power when he chose to make a pandemonium of the haunted house. There was one very remarkable thing about the power, however, that is worth recording here, as it may give men oi science a due. It will be remembered that it .first commenced on September 4th, 1878, by moving inside the'mattress in which occcasion Jennie and Esther thought a mouse was in the bed, and it was always at its greatest strength as a power within the atmosphere every twenty-eight days. The changes of the moon, perhaps, had something to do with it I consider this mere suggestion on my part sufficient to set, particularly, the physicians thinking. At the expiration of the eighth week of her visit to the farm, Esther returned to Amherst, having become weary of the dull life she was compelled to lead in the woods. Believing that the ghost had left her, Mr. John White gave her a position again in his saloon, where she was kept occupied all day; and Daniel Teed took her back to his little cottage, whence she had been so cruelly driven on that memorable night, into the snow, followed by the phanton form of her old tormentor, the fire-fiend, who had written upon the wall, " Esther Cox, you are mine to kill." 