Sketches on the "'Fourth Esttrre? ?r J. R,] T --Ie AMELSICA. "Tho highest form of human tihouglht omean to bh obtained only by the mixture of mroos, ebsrvocr Perfesoor Morley. in no country, it ie true, can there bh oound suols "' sweotnes a nd light" in tthe charutor of the people as in those countries whore necestity has mined the different races oat the glebh, blendod thteir several choaucteriotics, and united their aspiretione. Front this meixture of thought and blood there aprings up, in the cour,: of time, a now people, stamped with originality, asd notedi for ireh,,es of thought. Lot os take the Amesicane. The new world--as moat nvwly.disooore d countrics are--was originally the haven, the last hope, and the home of the chaos of hiotorieal countries. Thither all the rackreoted, eanseieae'bound, and otherwise burdened people flooked. The Spanish, the French, the Englieh, the Irish. the Soatch, and moat of tie other (ancacian refugees bronght over with them tha hatted of oppressioo, the lore of freedom, and the spirit of industry, ntail, etlast, in tlel lnal yearn of the nineteenth centary, instead of a low Zen lander sketching the rmins of their primitive works, hae is dazzled with their splendour, aurpriasd with their materislistic and intollectual progress, and returns either to air his envy as the lnto Matthew Arohld did, or to prclaim them, with Mar O'tcll, "'a gi ad poalo'--cefiuad, oodrtauuo, ?dn hoapit ehle-- lnvieg their counatry even to a degree of ohildishneoc. "The intellect of France and IEngluod." saje Mr. O'Rellt, "is, to a cer tain extent, concentrated in a few square miles of Paris and London, hut the intellect of America feousislhe in New York as well as in " Philadelphia, in Washiugton as wvellas in Boston." "Paris is the brain of France," exclaimed Victor Hugo, but the brain of American is in its vigour not alnty in the chief cities, but throughoot the country. The social life of the Americans is de taglhtfol, und their progress is assured. " I believe," said Walt Whitman, recently, "that Amerioa in going en in the bost method that in fitting for her." Site is etablished "on the basis of a grand material istic civ'ilia-tion--produnts, mechinery, intercom auniestiona, and all practical anodern improvements that cat be achieed ,qually spread ever our vest doaoins". and thO "good, grey poet" maintains- which the poala of few countries can maintain-that the things done during their ?istence as a people in the pant century ore obont the beat things that could have been dosne It is a' notorious fact that aomea men delight in dacarring the anger of a people, and, although one can scarcely imagine Matthew Arnold as knowingly committing this sin, still his criticism of American life is,'to a great cxtrIs, g'.r iolgy unjust. Ve ourselves have ol. t.. -.~sum such "dutioguiehed tourists,": ia thd peeson cf that esiueutly truthlful gentlemaun, Jomne Anthony Frauds. Nothing con he aimplor than to discover weeds among . garden o1 flowers bt it is certainly '. : the height.of bad taste on the partof a visitor to pay particular attention to the latter while henoverlooks " the beo.utyat the normer. Yet thin is exactly what cur oritics do. As the Yankee is original, so is his literature, end * particuelrly the literature of his newepaper. The' ' Amoricaha jiurnajist is, la the fhll'ernee of the word, a eaasmopolitan--a citizen of the .world. He is as faceliar *ith the lanes of'Coottile nople or St. Petersburg ae he is with the Rtret& ii ' the Empire" City. is etJe iseixed on every part of the globe where lile is in ciotioe, and, as he sits in'his aenetetm, he dalrcet his "epeoilat"jo;Beiglandaodtbe capitals of Eceepe with almost aaecch freedom as he in. btrccta thereporeieat lhfe eIbow. As theouaceri. * carn, like the aneient Arhbiore, ponees ~n inaa-. trablcecorioeity for l'n. ,oeedgeoalily,?ely benoner, the great Americlan ceewpapere ae?'to tee Englieb what an Arab.,u tide is tonthh; deep philfeophy of Plato. The one ii tll 路of poetry, charm, aced heumoer; the other i ejjidite, didaeti,, end perhaps cnll. The papers of both oountriet hree ?eterIristug and cheep, bat the ente?prise, of the American differs from that of the 'Behon as cbmody differe from dramn. -The proeetdiogo in the Heoue of Commons to-night will, in the morniag, be rfitor esquely and narratively weritthen in twtoolamucable grems in the Amorilanpapere, with every cigrificant " h." cheer, " Hoar, hear," wink, and laugh re corded. You will be told who was promi?ent in the strangers' gallery, what. dietingoislied ladies were preoent, and at whet time Mr. Gladutone entered she House. The trials of notorious prisoners, political and social meetings, get the same touch. The London "speciaal" of the N?ew York Herald, in his deepatch, thus describes a port of the scene it the Court-room during the hitting of the Parnell Commisico : "The Atcoreey-G'nerl is standing at the legal wicket, holding a formidablo brief, batwiso, in hil hand. a' He bhgine with phraora familiar to jurymen acd ghoste of 01ii ritoo the c orld over. Ouch phraeco as '10 ie my duty to--,' ' avc nowlto lay bor ou-,' 'I think it coavcnieut-,' 'Your lord ships will find-,' and the like-well known t,. readers of Dioikes, tud suggesting 'Bar, with hie jyry droop and eyeoglac.'" Bepreentatioos of plays in Berlin, in Paris, or in London; the gonssip of Paritian salons, hotel lehlis, nted cluos, the latest pictures and other works of art executed on the Continent of Europe, -ihe town talk and political whisperings in the .. tepitals, the scandals, murders, and suicides, and -'e." t other sensetiocal or readable paragraph that a te~iorter can discover, are gabled acnoas the At Juatit, and aj:peor under striking, curioun, but .:~?.~ent headings in the morning jouroals. They * wall-atop at nothing to obtain newe. When General * lhetidan was on his death-bed, end the American citizecs'were held in mourofel suspense, the He-ali'e "spseiie'" were in Glirmany interviewing Von Maltke, Bietearck, and other great military Teiuteee with. sbhom "Little Phil" was aequeiatod in the day eof the Franee-Perusian war, aid tleo grapbiuCg ehe conversations vcrtalim to their paper. in few VOrk. The opinions of Continental jeoorale, with' the coroeapondealo' crilicism end witticino, Son a)1 important subjeots, likewiso are put upon the wirn?, end form a part of elhe tenu laid bolero the Yankee ebery envreing in the year. The mys teriocs mannerin which tho'Hori'afd catrived to pebishithe best features oftir inorell neherzici's book, beforet 4 Jlft the bhlk'bihndere' hands, in London, thereby. "ncirtchrcg!' th- Sop, who had agreed 06 piy f60iof the~Sreivilqja of introeucing the sensatioc to the Ameridho ebelic, wnas an iffare which must have sheckld the itrict conervoative journaliset of the English school. Although the Americans. are clear of Earipetan complinahione, and can afford to laugh at the whirligig on the Coutieental stage, they are curiocalr interested in the smiles and tears, the joys and sorrows, of thbir lco fortuonate fellow-creatures in Europo and its esrroundiegs, and the newspaper is therefore it aceordance with the aympathias of ito constiuents. 'The Yankees appreciate the beauty of electrleicity by utilieing it, just ce we oake advo:tage of the railroad. lut, aa we would lough at theidea of travelliog by coach in a district where there ic steam locomotion, co thuy would alo ridicule thie steam~car and pant-clre as a ,iieans of conveying news where the telegraph-line elaords a al-icoer and curer delivery. Ass writer in Ilerr'o Misgesiee hus observed, the success se aliaost every gidat ppwspaper in "the Ssateo"e as be attributed tz some stasrliag proceedings on the part of the proprietor. 1lhe groat object a! theAmnerioan pressman is to do pomethligna?national. The end justifies the moans. And, if a journalist can have his actton criticised ut.thd hrtaktast-tables or in the bar-rooms throughout the countrj, while, at tho eagne time, he turns out what Bill Nyc terms "arip snooting shaper andtremmsnrof;uoblionpinion,' he need never concern himself about thh "key of the street." They work on the principle of "Genie, the hatter," who pait thu eneasttroutllyt eooreitaut price of two hundred and twenty dollars for aJenny bind ticket, in order to obtaia notoriety for hie noaie aud his hats. The newspaper, whiehpubhlished, un abridged, the revisod version of the hew Testmeot, as a teltgraptiti communicatioa, in a supplement to its ooroseg issue, did not incur the enorosus ex penses merely for thceollcation or curiosity of ite constitunets. In like maeser, Mr. Bennett, pro psiotor of hecie' os ?rllvessl, taos ent uxpei-J路 tions to euxlpof?'.,NUnde, , f tee Yolo's andl i searchofirnit '.,srha. 'T'oe encitecseot aed interest thus ernuted sets as a mugnetic irihonc., cond sCtracets tie cru:t e'lea hare hbicherso lcu crginog arouud tie Msllsu whos;e papey chroaicle.Iy the gossip au,;ut Mrs. Logetry'e ites i bonoei, :u:cI es..n showr nothing butter thos .,cuilelo eceut~a cf ci du vsgariea of Judge Lynch. Au i',t:acoe of the fruit of such eu?etrprie?" is lfforded 'by the eJ/ubcyao .Dily News. During the great raileosd r;ots'ia ttee nrighl bouerhood'f ihatcity, tile ,' ,a~s disguisod its rlpurtc,;e as ]lboucors, act aent Lltol, ,i lOug tile i?:ilc ti' write up, daily, graphic iic-criptiuis n?.n=1 i0, terestieg wuas tie pupor zhimt luar e:ditione ui i::y were dewo:oded, aod ia on50da)y aione Ohi cicue~ile: inicsed leel U1)00 to 0,tiO. The repourtersatethe same journal tracked Spencer, the president of the State Savings Bank Institution (who unexpectedly decamped with half-a~millioc dollars) to Stnttgart, in Germany, when the authorities rcfuscd to take ac tion. With sech a great and varied panorama as the daily life of America, whrre, at evcry turn, an heiress elopes with her father's coloured groom, a highwaymnn abt.'cl t . beauety, a murderer is lynched, a el rcr rolb:rry is executed, or a Western editor shoots .ome unfortunate "pete," tire journal. isns have little diclieulty in turning cat a paper after the Yankee's eoweanal. But, apart from these u? common adevantages, the "cut" of the piper is cer tainly incompnrvbly superior to that of the average English journal. The Americoas chisel down to their exact news tire Govcrment denpatoches, senators' spccli:e, and such-like corirmon deliveiies. A report of tire most ihpertant oration rarely ex. eecdo a celuonn. A trig debate in Ceaugree gets no more. American reporting does not consist merely in taking ehort-handnotes. The proceedings must be graphically and narrativcly described. Every eouluno. ic fact, is descriptive, and, iu nanycasos, elqrruret aned patiretic. As a reader peruses the paper, he utten stops to laugh at wiat appears to be alfectation, but,on a closer examination, the rounded periods, tire glowing sentences, and the bristling humourare quito natural and essential. They are not bound by the red tape which ties the English. man to iaosagrown forms and traditions. If a murder is committed in New York, for instance, the reporters, without waiting for the Ceort.room die. closures, erust truer the action of the principal char acters till they get to the original cause, and then, from that point, their movemrrents must he decoribed till the teal vcrse has bec acted and the curtai dropped. The story, when putlishcd, is like a chapter froer a French norel. Romantic suicides are made a speciality. A portrait of the " uteor tunsse," and those specially interested in the case, rclieven the narrative, and the iuformation is ob. taimed y nny meaes. When a person is lynched, " in the for West," tie victirs's career, and a eens-. tional account of the "errermosy," is telegraphed all over the States, Mosh of the principal papers are illustrated with line-drawinge, but with a cleverness ol'd naturalness entirely their own. In the "inter. via'ring" line they "lick creation." No oe can cor.e near them. The momenct n English M.P, at any note, a historian, a novelist, a journalist, a show. man, or a player, or any other torcigner puts hir foot on American soil, he is mobbed by the re porters. "If you don't grant an iuterview," says Max O'Rell, "y ou'll probably find one manufactured for you." Their dramatic criticises are snequalled in their way. Whilenot possessing the seriousness and grand English of aczlett, by their humoroue strokes they please us, and by their gossip and general brightness they amuse and interest us. Newspaper warfare rages in America with ex travagant fiercenese. The Nzew flrub'tar, for in stance, recently alluded to the editor of the World as the "Danubean bluod- hound," and the latter, in reply,described his friend on the Star as "a mends. cilo mortgaged blacAguard." A leader in the Louisuillc Comnterdl opens thus mildly i-" The Coommerciar repeats its invitation to Deacon Walter N. Eandeman, proprietor of the C?ruier-Jouresol. He has made a claim, in regard to the cireulation of his paper, which is as famse as a dicer's oath." Cincin anti, "Tbe Paris of America" which has two of the finest papers in America, has long bees a rival field, and at one time the editors were on the point of fighting a duel. Thn city, however, hes now a Press Club, and the orbit of peace sheds its bright calm light on the busp propeiloe' of the quill. Rivalry, niodobt. is a great spur to effort; end the journal ist who wraps himself in the lethargic blanket will die the death of the juet. With the Yankees "'He liveth long wholiveth well ; All else is life but flung asay. He livoth longest who can tell Of soild deeds truly done eaoh day." As American paper must have a "living vertebrae to hold it together." America has seen more journals die like Mark Twain's Occidefteede "as peacefolly Man infant" than any country in the world. But the Tankees have a peculiar genius for starting journals on absent erpitan, and many newspapers that have come on to" this mortal coil" to "champion the eause of the people" lose their heavenly mission in teas than a month, and, bowing their heads to the inevitable, " Fold up their teuts, like Arabs, And as silently steat away." The "sinews of war" are almost as necessary for she pen asforthe sword. Thoy both requireintrepidiry. TThenuumbrr of newnpapere in Arrsrica hae, we'hin recent years, increased at an unparalleled rate, and the United Statesnalone now supports more journalists than sna other country in the world. Newspapers arc printed there in almost every modern tongue, in every hamlet, end for every sect. Besides this, the largvr journals are published simultancously in in differont states. The _Nero York: erald has its European edition. In the principal cities, Sunday cditions are issued, the aenountof literary, social, and .e,-rel news of wihichl, together with their flee ,-.1p" ani cheapucess, have made them " one of ate wonders of the world." No Asoerican paper is anything without a novel. You might as euccesfully try to make a kite fly without a tail oe to attempt to publisi in America naoel, maralieing eocular journal,laden with "sweet cess and light," bat steering clear of noveldom. Their ahort, humorous stories are decidedly American, good, and icimitable. Americun humour is unlike the hcmour of sa othrer coautry. The satiric Iteench, the keen Eaglish, the broad, rich Irish, and the quaint Scotch, all unite in making the Ameriean. It is superior to none, hut has a peco Liarity and fascination all it' own. Mark Twain. Bret Hurtc, Bill Nye, M. Quod, and one or two others trove rcolutionised the American press in this direction, The papers, all rouud,revel in eatire and wit. "At one tine," writes a reporter in a New York magazine, "I furnished the Chicago Daiuf/ Jferfld a report of a thanksgiving dioceuare by Mlder Y-, of tire Methodist Church. 'Tire report is well enough ; I fnd no fault with that; hut it is the coesment at the close to wlinch I ol'ject,' said a deacon iu the Church, who came in and por; emptoaily ordered his 'ad.' out of the paper the next day. The objectionable eomosent was as follows : 'roro allof awhic it world appear that the Rev. Y-- is a fool or en ass--perrhaps both' and thic was an addendum by the editor." A Nebraska editor, in apolegising for the latenses of his paper. s y.,:c " Our paper is two days lat, Iris week, owing to an accident to oar press. When we strted to run the edition, Wedoeiday night, as usual, one of the guy-ropes gave woy, allowing the forward gilderfloke to fall and breba as it straik the tiunkerflapper. This, of course, as anyone who knows anything ahout a press will nnderahsod, left the gsng.pliak with daly one tlip-loap to support it, whicir also dropped, and broke oil" tire wrapper. chock.. This loosened tsle flakieg between the remrod and the flittor-enatcher, which also caused trouble. The report that the delay was caused by ovrer-idulgosco in intoiclating etomulsnte by our. selves is a tissue of falstetoods, the peeled condition of our right eye being caused by our going ioto tire hatch-way of the press, in our anxiety to start it, and pollihg the coupling.prs after the slap.basg was brokhe, which caused tire disgus to rise up and welt us in the optic. We expect a brand-new gilder ftuks on this afternoea's train." Accidents like this, of course, are of common occurrence in oewr. paper aficen. Sorrow very rarely throas its shade e1ios their merriment, and they never go fortai in tioinrsing. If they are "loved by the gods," and d'. p'o0ng, they die joking, like Hood and Travcers. U'cbhlais has said that "It is better to go through t?h wsorld with laughter on our lips than with t?ars io our eyes." There is, no douht, a great deal of philo sophy in the dictomc; and I am convinced that, the more enlightened moet people get, the more they desire to be toecd ioat deep or general knowledge, an icnetogne woo amored into Greek and Latin. The American josrcualiate seldom throw their moral convictioes on "e suaffrieg humno ity." Their readers look for "the Ilow of e'it and fLuac." The editorials are therefore brief, hmoroues, and comparatively iscffletive. The Ncew ltck lleromL, in an article, states thlat it is a Democrat bhcauae tile Descocratic party ie "square.toecld cd lerelheaded." Wcsters lec -writers remind one af the eatire of Dean Swift. To thie ety!e Hlatthew Arleold and other English writers objtct--icerhlps rightly, liut, as Dr. Pearker raccetli acil, "it is far the people to say shot the character oc jCeraclislo shlould be.5 The Americons are livelier than tics Zoglinlh, just a0 the Itenlic are livelier tharn tie Deutci. 13c tile uor's j aflrli flL" greatl c':ie:ea ccclancer, nod i.o Anceri cche i:cilced to jhue.wlvot rcc,.e. 'lice eceoaO to 100,t00. 'I'Ic prc,'cc it ccl in the ligicvt evatvocn Icy ecerycoc, a-,?:. r. r, q:t.?"s c:crd ?l dmi t a ion c uvaowlrc. At .: e -r' co'-: l:?miug of the ihicnvvso'"ccr ilsoture, ,Clcalccaic Altiecl:, ill tih, fol!lwing bheutiful litthl p?rcycr, ctl.;:"1 I? ahccn~u- ia Lv. 'vyortaro c--" iAed Ic:?,t';l(r . ?' Ip. 'lupt te.r, ichcoac nicecile I!' i'? l:' ,:!: ? y w路n'!路.! ,;:Ic',...'. Iceltc it i uttercld. Like "cyahsif, tihy are acsauipresest, and almeost omnipotent. If we take the wings of the morning, and fly to the uttermost parts of the earth, they are there. They meet us in the jungle of Africa, they waylay us in the solitary canons of Colorado, and when, at leogth, we find the latitudeofthe magnetio polo, behold they are there I May their light and goodness be equal to their power; and is the general assembly of heaven let no reporter be ex cluded." Amen. The "Vagabond" remembers, with pleasure, his experience at Montreal, where the manager of a nowspopcr offered him the companionship of one of his lady'reporteru at the races. Au a matter of fast, we are told very little of the freedom of Amerisan women. They are not only employed as dotectives, as nhorthaad.'witsrs in the High Court of lostioe, end in other responsible departoieots; but no paper of any importanco is without them. They make esceedingly clever reporters and smart editors. Although American ladies are the cleverest in the world, posseseing, as they do, "s kind of spiritual. isod politeness, a tender solicitude for other people, combised with strong individuality," I certainly think that, in this direction, the Yankees expose our faults. Wno uan afford to hind the mothers of the future to the drudgery of school-toaching and dres-miahing, while we prevent accomplished wonmec from taking light and more profitable engagements. The old idea, put inv' the mouth of Deborah Woodhouse, is "John W.ird, Preacher," that" It's very unfeminine to think," must pass away with the Oriental notions of the proper sphere of women. The cleverest reporter on the Now York World was, recently, a young American woman, who succeeded in deceivisg competent doctors, gaining admittance into a lunatic asylum, nod exposing the dangerous systeis of the institution. Lookiog over the American journalist field, I think that, although the newspapers are not so powerfulas the English, their versatility more than coipesnsitc for this defect. The Americans are wide awake ;so are the newspapers. If they are at times abusive, they are also complimentary and genial, as, when Mr. Wattoreoo, of the Louisvil[e Couricr.Journal, invites the editor of the New York Son to visit him: "Come," he says, "and see us, and bring your kuittin', and stay 'most all day." If Americans keep their eyes open, that's no reasou why English tourists should abuse their smartness. "The silent watches of the night, about which the poet siugs,' observes a Westera pressman, " most have been the sleeping London policemen." 