®orre0po!ibmce* THE DIVORCE BILL. TO THB EDirOB. Sir— I think that this discussion might have bt«u eomevybat oarrowed if your corre3p!ia dente had given us with greater clearness their viewB as to tbe nature of the marriage boad. Our Roman Catholic fellow colonists hava told us with sufficient distinctness that they regard i&arTiaue; as a sacrament ; others tell us that marriage ia a civil contract. 69th there repre sentations are at least clear. Tnere is a third psrty, however, whose viewa do not appear to have shaped themselves into a distinct form, even in their own minds. The matter seems to float in their mectal vision as something formless, yet high, t,avj-ce tidentttl, sacred, and mystic, with which to inren^^ddle ia almost or quite a sio. To me mariiagp fcPpe*' t° be a contract or agree ment entered' tDCP by 'wo individuals to become man and Wilt, »nd *hftt thla afree noent when fulfilled and csn'M out c ',n^ltu/.eB the marriage. That which i* called the marriage ceremony is not of the e33e£ce or ir.arriage, nor, indeed, does it eeem to me to conetitete any part of it, but rather to be au act of the civil law, which records aud registers the rows of the contracting partieB, proclaim*? its aseent to their contract, and in effect engages to protect both against any violation of that contract perpetrated by either. The ideal m-iriage no doubt ib psnnanent, and indissoluble — ' Mones because of the hardness of your hearts suffered you to pnt away your wives ; but from the beginning it was not so' — Matt, xix, 8. By the term 'beginning:' here, I understand the time antecedent to the Fall, when aan was sinlesB and holy, and needed no law of any kind, bnt fulfilled the highest law wi*h perfect love. But when men became Bicful (»nd this is what our Cord mewis by the wordB ' the bardoefs of your hearts') then all W£B changed, the existence of sin necessitated the existence of law, and when sin multiplies J&we; must be multiplied to meet it. Nor can . we eay that it would be right to_ mak-; laws against certain crimes and not against others ; that we cnght to punish men for robbing their neighbors and not punish them for robbing their wives and children, as they do when they epend tbeir money in public houses and on race courses, in gambling b elk and brothels ; or that while we punish those who violate their con tracts with their neighbors we are not to punish those who violate and despise their matri monial vows. While laws are not made for virtuous men and women, these live above ^imjsn laws, following- as far as may be the j.--, ^f God, yet we must have laws for the viciou' Toe apostle Paul in the 5th chapter of the EpiBi1 t0-e Ephesians exhorts i nus bandB to love $WIr wlveB as Ghost loved the church, and the Wives to Bubmit themselveB to their husbands as the church is sub jpet to Christ; and then adds, verse 32-' This is a great ^-^'n°^hh speak concerning Christ and fhe Ohurch. Botne, by a strained intexpretatiofi o» tnis p»s SBge, have taken the word ' myetef y ? fier| employed as xeferring to the union of man' ftfiC* wife, and so have regarded marriage as han'fig' 1 in it something sxtDernatural and mystic. But tbe apostle has pointed out what it is to which he applies the word 'mystery' — it is to the union of Christ with the Church, which is His mystical body. 'I apeak,' said he, 'ot Christ -and the Church.' Marriage has nothing in it which may be termed mystic, but natural, and in tbe sense of being natural it U of Divine appointment. I believe also thit in m&ny; particular marriages those who by prayer conjn.it their wajs to Godare led by Him to the right partner, as the servant of Abraham was led to Bebecca. But with regard to many, or most, marriages I think we may say — He never shall find out fit mate, but such As some misfortune brines him — or mistake ; Cr whom he wishes mostBhaU seldom gain, Through her pervereeness, but shall see her gairi'd By a far worse ; or, if she love withheld By parents ; or his happiest choice too late Shall meet— already link'd and wedlock bound To a fell adversary, his hate or ehame — Which infinite calamity shall cause To human lile, and household peace con'ound. —Paradise Lost, Book X. There is one more passage to which I shall refer. It k in I. Cor., vii,, from the 10 th verse. With regard to believers the apoatle lays down the ideal law as the general, though not absolute, rule. As to those, however, who being married when the gospel came to them, one of whom believes, and the other re mains a heathen, he counsels them to remain together in hope that the Christian may be. enabled to lead his or her partner to the knowledge, of the truth ; then he goes on to eay — ' Yet if the unbelieving deparfceth let him depart ; the brother or the sister is not undsr bondagemsnen cases, inispermissionpoaouot is given in order to relieve the Christian from the temptations and dangers to the Christian life which would inevitably arise from a life of marital nnion with a heathen. What those dangers were may be easily understood by only & slight acquaintance with the condition of heathen society at that time. Heathen asso ciations pervaded the entire life of the period. The unbelieving partner would take part in the heathen worship, which by the Coristian waB regarded as the worshipping of demons; would visit the theatres, the racecourses, and the spectacles ; bet on the competitors, applaud the victors, and revel in blood and slaughter. What kind of partners could these be to Christian men or women? Should I be going too far if I were to say that there are many in the world at' the present time who are bnt little better than these 1 and what shall we say to those who are unhappily bound to them by naxriage ? Shall we say — ' Be patient ; your marriage is indissoluble ; you most bear end suffer until you are released by death?' or shall we not rather eay with Paul — 'The brother or the sister is not under bondage in such cases ?' — I am, &a;, J. LLOYD DA.VIE3. Owen street, September 27, 1838. 