ItoHton Spunks. Tho following in one of tho ghost fitorios which are floating about in tho general re vival ef all thinge wpookish whioh has beou upon ub for a couulo of winters. The Kssos uro a family as well known as uny going out of Boston to tho North Shoro, wuore they huvo h bnanjiful summer homo. Some years ago Mi*. Ess, a charming end cultured womun, died at Hartford, whore she had boon staying for a short visit. On the day of her death her family physician ohoneed to call at the houseat thoecaanoreto ask for tho health of the absent lady, a* he had hoard of the illness at Hartford* Ho W&B; assured that she was better and thati a letter rcoeirod that morning pronounced her out of danger. As he was leaving tho house he saw Sirs. Ess cross tho lawn and enter the house by a side door. She posted within a sccro feet from him, but gave no sigu of being aware of his Ercsenoe. He returned hastily to the house, ut no one had heard any one enter by tho sido door, which, indocd, proved upon exami nation to bo looked on the inside. Tho tele graph soon brought news of the death of l£rs. Ess, which had taken pl&oo; at that hour in Hartford. The story is unlike many another ono whioh has been told, but it derivcB weight and intercut hero from tho standing of tho family and tho exaotnes6 with whioh tho de tails are vouched for. There are, however, a good many ghost talos belonging to Boston families, whioh dderly ladies oan upon occasion be induced to repeat for the edification of appreciative hoorero; and in this connection it may be re called that the venerable Commodore Robert Bennett Forbes, in his 'Autobiography,' gives as a reason for taking a certain course : 41 was infiuenood also by a very remarkable dream at Conception, in which I saw my wife in great distress, mourning over a member of tho family. This droam mado so great nn impression on my mind that I determined to go home by tho first vessel, It was afterward proved that tho dream occurred simul taneously with Iho funeral of my wife's mother, Mrs, Smith. I had beonmo somowhat tinctured by superstition in regard to droauw by the fact that ou my way to Chiua in 184U I had had a similar premonition us to tho death of my little daughter Boca.-I'recidcttcc Journal. 