SEEING A GHOST. tU " Do let me take it !" said Cora Deane 'It will be so nice to carry things to the poor." She was leaning against the side of the door, her straw hat wreathed about with bright-colored autumn leaves, a flush of crimson on her cheek. Aunt Betsy stood with the little cup of freshly-made custard in one hand, and a dried huckleberry pie in the other. "La, child," said Aunt Betsy, "they "aint exactly poor. Not begging poor, you know. John Jones gets a nice little sum for ringing the church bell on Sunday mornings and making the fire Saturday nights. And 'Loretta, she's a first-class tailoress. And I believe they own a farm somewhere in Hogmanton "Hollow, that ihey rent to Leander Smith. But Loretta aint been very well of late, and she's dreadful partial to my dried huckle berry pies ; so, if you don't mind talcin it — " Oh, not in the least !" said Cora, with alacrity. " Is it far ?" "Jest down Crooked Lane, and past the big holler tree before you come to the blacksmith'' shop," said Aunt Betsy. ." Foller the line of the church fence, an' you can't go amiss. It aint more'n a mile, anyhow." So Cora took the neatly-packed little basket and tripped away into the yellow misty light of the October sunset, singing as she went. She had been in this part of the country some time, but she was not quite certain where John Jones's cottage was exactly situated, " But I can enquire," she said to her self. "Oh, here comes Alice Embury. She'll tell me." Alice Embury, a light-cheeked young village girl, met her with a smile of wel come. " The Jones's cottage?" said she, " why of course. It's close by the old church yard ; and don't forget the rehearsal of the Musical Society," Alice called after her a? she tripped away. " I shall be in plenty of time for that," returned Cora. As Cora came down into the valley a soft white mist seemed to fold itself around her. The glow of earth and sky faded out, and a sepulchral gloom seemed to take possession of the whole scene. At the same moment she became con scious of the near neighborhood of an ivy-mantled old church outlined darkly against the sky. and the glimmering grey- ness of old tombstones leaning over against the grass. " I must be almost there," s'-e thought. "Follow the churchyard fence," Aunt Betsy had told her. And that must be tlje little house under the cedar trees, I am sure." She hurried down the grassy path, with a certain thrill running through her veins— she would have been loth to call it superstitious fear — but, nevertheless, she felt very glad to get past the cluster of gravestones into the cedarrshaded door- yard. She knocked at the door. There was no answer. She knocked a little louder. Stiil no reply rewarded lier endeavors ; and with a sudden impulse, she pushed the door open. It led into a little square room, the floor of which was covered bj' a bright rag carpet, the walls papered in a gay pattern of roses and leaves climbing over an- impossible trellis. A low fire burned in the wood stove— a kettle sang on the top with monotonous sound. Cora sat down on thecushioned rocker to rest. " They had gone out somewhere," she thought, and she placed her basket on the table. " They will be back soon." But as the moments crept by, and nobody returned, the darkness decended like a sudden pall upon the quiet autumnal scene. She could see the gravestones gleaming whitely ; she could hear the murmuring of the restless wind in the treetops outside. A sudden terror seemed to tighten around her heart. She sprang up, involuntarily, " I cannot stay here any longer," she cried, aloud ; and she rushed to the door. But it refused to open. She was fastened in — through some rust or fault- iness of the outside latch — acaptive, sorely against her will. She utterod a scream and flew towards the window. But from its panes, small and intersected frequently with wooden bars, she saw a sight that chilled her very blood— a white, shadowy figure, moving to and fro among the gravestones. All that she had ever seen or heard of iriiost stories and supernatural revelation 0,imo back to her at this moment with surprising vividness. She crouched trem bling violently, in the corner of the room. How long" she remained shivering in the corner she never knew. It might have been five minutes, it might have been an hour, bgt the welcome sound of foot steps on the threshold came at last. " Bother take this 'ere old latch !" said a nasal voice outside. " It's clean rusted out. I'll get another one the first time I go to'Salisbury. There, Miss Embury"— as the door was "flung wide open — "didn't I tell ye 1 There ain't no one here 1" "Ef there aint no one hear," said a shrill, cracked woman's voice, " how on airfch came that- there wicker basket on the table ? Land's sakes alive, there's some one in the corner liidin' away ! Thieves ! robbers ! murder !" " It's only me," faltered Cora. " Cora ! dear Cora !" cried out Miss Embury ; " what has happened to you? Are you ill ?" .12. "It's the ghost," muttered Cora, be ginning to feel vagaly ashamed of her unreasoning panic. 1 ' I saw it myself — out there — all in white, pacing up and down among the graves." " Goodness me !" exclaimed Alice. " It was I that she saw — my white shawl. I was walking up and down there, waiting for her to come out. I was afraid that she would lose her way coming home, and I wanted to be sure that she would be at the rehearsal in time to night. Cora began to laugh hysterically, and said : _ I would not live in this dismal place not if anyone paid me twenty pounds a week. Mrs. Jones there is a cup-custard and huckleberry pie that Aunt Betsy Becket has sent you. And please let me have I'h" basket, so as to get home as fast as passible." Vv out you sit a spell?" said hospit able Mrs. Jones, who had at last compre hended the situation. " Not a minute, not a second," Cora answeredhurriodly. " Oh, Alice, dohurry; it is getting darker every minute." ' But the moon has risen," said com posed Alice. ' It will be lighter now." ' ' Aren 't you afraid to go past ti iat grave yard in the dark ?" whispered Cora. "Perhaps Mr. Jones — " "Afraid!" echoed Alice, with a sweet, rippling laugh. " Why, what should I be afraid of 1 ' often crane down here to see Mrs. Jone's niece, Rebecca, when she 'is staying here, and go back all by myself." ' But why does Mr. Joues live here ?" said Cora piteously. " Because he is the sexton," said Alice Embury, " Because it is handy to be so near the church and the churchyard." Cora only shivered. She knew that she had been silly and superstitious, but she could not help it. " To think," cried cheery Alice, " that you should have taken me for a ghost, while all i he time I was watching the cottage door, and wondering why on earth you didn't come out !" And by the time they had reached Aunt Betsy's comfortable farm-house Cora her self \v:,f- ready to laugh at. liev own folly. While Aunt Betsys chara-. t ristic remark — rue same she made when she heard of a death, a wedding, or a spoiled batch of pickles — was : " Well, I never 1" 