A LADY'S MAID'S STORY. " Yea, miss, certainly, I liead with Mq. Birch — Mies G-rigg that wma before she married Mr. Biroh. I knew all about that affair. It wai very singular indeed — very. I'm not sure that I ought to mention it, for if a lady's maid can't hold her tongue she can't find good places. Bear me. I'm no talker. I'm as mum as a mouse. Bushels of pearl powder and quarts of rouge hare I applied with ' my Gwn hands, and nerer so much as hinted at it. As for cotton, bless your heart, l're nerer so much as breathed about it. "I lired with a lady once that took . arsenic regularly for her complexion. That's no secret, for she took too much one day, by accident, and died. It all came out m the inquest. It's well it did, for suspicion pointed at the husband. Somehow it always seemB to strike a jury that a husband is the likeliest person to wish a wife out of the way. ''But this isn't anything about paint; Miss G-rigg being on the stage, made no secret of that. She played queens and such, miss. I're often had tickets giren me and gone with my young man to sea her act And when Bhe was haughty and curled her nose like, miss, and looked at other folks orer her shoulder, and talked away down in her throat lik si pigeon gurgling, she was splendi miss. It made me think how nice i would be to be a queen, and take airs orer everybody. "Well, Miss G-rigg was engaged to be married. Mr. Birch had fallen in lore with her when she was play ing Hamlet's Ma. Perhaps you hare seen the play, miss P The young -man objects to his ma getting mar ried the second time, so I seemed to make ont, and acted most impertinent, giving sass to his ma and his step-pa, and carrying on awful. And there was a poor young lady quite out of her mind that afterwards got drowned. "Well, she was playing Hamlet's ma, and Mr. Birch tell in lore with her and sent her a letter, and called and made an offer, alL in no time. She accepted him, of course, and the . preparations for the wedding began. .1 don't think any lady ever had so many dresses bofore. Silks and satins and velvet and laces. Bear dear ; Mme. Blank's whole establishment was hard at work for a month, and if I'd had twenty fingers instead oE only ten I'd have had use for them all. "At last everything was finished, the trunks were packed — fifteen of them, miss — and fourteen were to go on that afternoon, and one, the one with the wedding and travailing dresses, was of course to go on with the bride when she started next day. She was to be married at 10 o'clock in church and then drive home, have a splendid breakfast, change her dress . and catch the 3 o'clock train. Of course I saw to the trunks and I was very careful, but just when I was needed most, just as the trunks wera being taken downstairs, Miss Greig ' called for me. "Miss Grigg was a lady who didn't like to wait, and so I went to her at . once, miss, as was my duty, and I said to Bridget Buster, the Chamber maid : — "Bridget, watch that black trunk, 'and see that the men don't carrv it off.' " Bridget understood with her elbows, of course, miss, and after I had been to tho land's end for two 'yards of bine ribbon of exactly sach a shade as she wanted, and got back, ; I found that she had Bent off the black trunk after all, and was very proud of having been so careful. The trunks were all miles away by that time. " There was nothing for it but to tell Miss Grigg. She flew at me, miss. I don't blame her for being angry. I would forgive her in such a case. She flew at me, miss, and then, miss, she had spasms. She beat the sofa, she tore her hair, she screeched, and me all the while say ing : ' ' Eemember your eyes, miss. Think how you will look, miss. Your nose iB swelling dreadful, miss.' "Pinally she came to and bathed her face. And soys she: . > ' Flora, what shall I do ?' " ' I don't know, miss,' said I, ' un less you put off the wedding until you can telegraph for the trunk. '" No, that's unlucky ; besides, one never knows. Men ain't to be de pended on.' " ' You might borrow a dress,' said I. " ' As if ,1. would be married in a dress that diamot fit,' she said. ' Stop ; don't speak a word. I've an idea.' " She Bat down with one finger on her lips for a while. Then she said .- " ' My embroidered dreBsing- gown. The white one 1 That's here ?' ' 'In the bureau, miss,' said I. ' "'Very well,' said she, 'I'll he married in that. Telegraph for the trunk, Flora.' ' The! white dressing-gown, miss P' said I, nearly astonished out of my senses. , " ' Yes/ said she, 'the white dres sing-gown. You goose, you don't think I'm going to be married in church in that? I won't put off the wedding, and I won't stand up before a cyowd in anything but my white satin dress. But I'll be married at the appointed hour, for all that. So telegraph, for my trunk and come back spon.' " "When I came back I found Miss Grigg in bed and the doctor sent for. He was puzzled, I could see that. He couldn't tell what was the matter sued Miss Grigg was too famt to Speak. He questioned me. I said she had been very much agitated, He prescribed something and went off,' bidding mo send for him if she seemed worse. The evening paper published the report that Miss Grigg was dan gerously. ill and Mr. Birch camo to the hotel in a terrible fright, as pale as a sheet; to ask how she was. I took him down ' Her love and she was very ill.' ' : Then MiBS Grigg said to the ladies who had como in — "'Leave me with my faithful Flora.' " We were very soou loft alone. I can't say that I was surprised when she sat up in bed and said briskly— " ' Lock the door, Flora. I'm sick »f lying on my back. I've teken them in, havn't IP You see what I am am about now ? ' . " ' Exactly, Miss,' said I, 'to be too ill to be married when the time comes.' " ' No,' said she, 'to be ill enough to be married in the white dressing- gown. I'm going to be married on my dying. bed, Flora.' " I gave a screech and she laughed, and then she mode a supper of sar dines and biscuits aud wine, and threw the medicine out of the window. Early next day the doctor came. I answered his question a3 to what' sorb of a night she had passed by saying she had ' been much the same.' Then I took a little note she had written to Mr. Birch, who .was anxiously wait- ing. " I knew what was in it. She told him that rather than leave the world without keeping her vow to him | she would be married on her dying bed. I powdered her up well, miss, and dressed her in the embroidered dres sing-gown , with tube roses at the throat, i pulled down tho green shades and darkened the room. She fixed the pillows to prop herself up and then skipped into bed. " ' Give me my pearl bracelets,' she said, ' and the handsomest of those handkerchiefs, and all my rings ; and Flora, mind you must sob all through the ceremony. I'm going to be calm.' " We hadn't five minutes more, but just as tho first knock came to tho door, she whispered almost sorrow fully: "'Oh, dear, if I only could hnvo slow music. . Couldn't you catch that "Traviatas" organ, Flora, and get him to play for half an hour outside the window? He's always on the corner. I'll leave you something handsome if you do.' " I did it, short as the time was. T caught that man and he ground out his quarter's worth. "The clergyman was a very nice, neat, near-sighted old gentleman. Mr. Birch was |the dreadtultest sight — pale as a ghost and shaking from head to foot. The groomsman looked dreadfully sorry ; the four or five intimate friends looked as though they were at a funeral, aud to see her, with her calm smile aud powdered face, one hand against her heart, the other in his — I was glad I'd been told to sob ; I had to do something. Aud so they were married. " ' I feel,' said Miss Grigg, slowly, ' that this, perhaps the last moment of my life, is very sweet. To die thus, with my hand in yours — ah ! Dear friend, adieu ! Flora, my faithful maid, take this ring.' (E saw her pick out the cheapest; but no matter.) ' Remember me by it. Now— leave us.' " Then everybody kissed her and went out of the room sobbing. " In a moment more there was a scream ; Mr. Birch had fainted away. It took an hour to bring bim to. " The reporter of the evening paper was waiting outside for tho news. It was all published that uigbt, but the next afternoon the travelling dress camo back in. the black trunk. " Yes, miss, of course— Miss Grigg — 1 mean to say Mrs. Birch — recovered at once. And that's tho whole story. I'm the only one that knows it, and I wouldn't mention it to anyone else but you ma'am." 