THE "DEATH OF BLUOHER, After the events through which the map of Europe was completely altered in 1815, the Prussian Field-Marshal Blucher, the saviour of Wellington at Waterloo, and whom nobody liked because of his rudeness and brutality, was put on the retired list. Disheartened by his removal, and reduced to. inaction and obscurity he left Berlin and went to reside it his castle, aituated in Pomerania. Soon he fell into a deep melancholy, ren derednmore intense by dropsy and infamma tion of the chest, A strange change in his character took place. That rough soldier be came timidi even poltroon. He would not remain alone in the darkness; solitude threw him into singular anguish. His state of health was reported to the King, who es teemed and loved him a great deal. The monarch having heard that at several times the. marshal had expressed the wish of seeing him once more before he died, resolved to visit him. Leaving Berlin in the morning the King of Prussia arrived in Kriehlawit:' early in the evening. Immediately he was conducted to Blucher's room. The sick man, aged 74 years, was reclining on a sofa placed before a large chimney, in which enormous logs of ..-oodware burnineg. Their fnmes .illui nated the room, and cast mobile and red re flections on the features of the old man wrapped up in bearskin. At the entrance of his sovereign in his apartment, Blucher tried to rise out of respect for his august visitor, who prevented him from doing so. The King took a chair and sat by the side of the marshal. Blucher at once said he wished to be left alone with his master. When everyone had left the room he said : 'Sire, I have humbly requesfe& your Ma jesty to come here, in this castle of Krieb lowitq ; rather than not see you I woqld have gone to Berlin myself, although I am dying. . have a secret to confide to your Majesty, a terrible one. Will my king allow me to speak 'Certainly, my dear marshal.' .t-before listening to my narrative, sire, look at me well. Assure yourself that I am in the full possession of my senses, and that I am not a lunatic. Sometimes I believe I am on the verge of insanity; and. I doubt if I am not taking yesterday's visions for a, euemebrance of days gone' by. But no ! added he, drawing gold a bracelet from his. pocket, 'no, all is true, all is real, and I am pure of what I am saying. 'Listen to me, your Majesty. 'When in 1756, the Seven Years' War began, my fAther, who inhabited his castle of Gross Renzow, sent me to the manor of our relatives, situated in Rugen Island. After a while the Russian Government offered me. the grade of cornet in tie. Black Hussars. 'Regi.,ex?t. I accepted of a furlough to afford me the opportunity of paying a visit to my family, that I had not seen for months. A leave of absence was granted' me. S'On my way to Gross Renzow I found all that part of Mecklenburg horribly devastated. Arriving about four miles from home, I he camne awaer that may carriage could not as- I, gfend the new steepy road conducting to. the house of my ancestors. I abandoned it and pursued my journey on, horseback, followed be one of my servants. ' it was fifty-nine years ago this eory. day, the 12th of Auigust and at the hour indicated, tiow by this. antique clock-haJlf-ptt eleven. A dreadful tempest shook the trees, the. gashes of lightning blindgd me, and ta ·e- ports. of thunder dea.ened, me; t., rain was. pouring. After galloping quite a mile ii thE forest .rrived before the castle alone; my servant had lost his way through thy igcleuency otj the weather. '?Withiout dism.ounting I knocked at the doqr with my whip. INobofly anwered my call, t.hat i repeated three. times withou?t being answered. Out of patiexce I alighted from my horse, ascended the.stcp and en tere4 the eastle. No light, no, oise any where. - avaw tha~t my heart went to ny throat and a chill crept through my body. '.What foolishness!' thought I; 'the castle is desrte ; my family has gone to the city. No matter; as I am here, I must arange myself as well as possible.' And I crossed a hall and went to my, father '-room. A fire half-e.t'nguished was smoking in the. chimney ; by its faint light I saw mty father, my rother, and my four sis ters seated around the fireplace. They rose when they perceived me. I ran to kiss my father; he stopped me with a gesture. I. ex tended my arms to my mother; she fell back with a :sad motion of the head. I called my sisters, each separately ;. they took each other by the hand without answering mn.- Then the whole of them returned to their seats. " "Do not you know me any more ' ex elaimed L ' Is it like this a family ought to receive a son and a brother ? Have you already heard of my entrance in the Russian service ? I could not refuse. Remember that the first thing I do is to come and inform you of my action. What ! my father, you do not speak ? My mother, you keep silent? Have you forgotten, my sisters, our mutual tenderness and the plays of our childhood-those plays that this place has witnessed so often I' ' At those last words my sisters seemed to be, moved. They spoke low and signalled me to approach. One-of them knelt before my mother as if she wanted to play a game in which the players strike each other. Surprised with this strange fancy in a moment so solemn, I touched the hand of my sister with the end of my whip. A mysterious force attracted me. ' When my turn came to kneel before my mother,. and to put my head on her lap-oh, horror. I felt a form angular and cold under her silk :dress. I heard a sharp noise like the rattling of bones, and then a hand met '?fiie; that hand rested in it. It was a .skeleton's hand. I uttered a cry .of terror. They were human remains that I shook con vulsively. .. Out of myself, and with a disturbed mind, I ran away from this awful castle ; .in the yard I found my horse, I mounted and de parted at a furious pace. At the break of day my steed fell dead, and my servant found me senseless, lying under the animal. I was at the point of death for over three weeks. When 1 recovered my health I learned that my family had perished, victims to that piti less Seven Years' War, and that our manor had been pillaged and ransacked many times. , I returned to Gross Renzow. I wanted to pay the last duties to my family, and to give a descent burial to those I loved so dearly. Notwithstanding the most minute researches, I was unable to find their sacred remains. Alone a hand-a woman's hand holding a gold bracelet-this very one-and the hand was buried in the chapel of the castle. ' Many years passed. Two month ago I was asleep on this sofa when I was awakened. by a slight noise. I opened my eyes, and saw distinctly my father, my mother, and my four sisters standing before rme ; my sisters took each other by the hand, and motioned motioned me to join them. '.No, nor never !' cried I. 'Then the ghosts, clasping their hands, began to turn slowly around me. .' ustice,' said my father, passing before' me. " Penance,' murmured my mother, iuclin+ ing her sad face. towards me. ' ' Prayer,' said my younger sister. ,'' Sword' sighed another. '- Twelfth of August,' said the third. ' And the last one. repeated- ' 'Twelfthl of Augjust at midnight.' .And again they turned around- me, uttering the same words ; then they vanished, repeating.; -' 'Good-liye ! Goo6 -byke ! T'-3'lltWeTEfh of August at midnight.' ' I comprehended that my life.was to be ac complished soon, and nothing more was to.be done by me but to recommend; my sopl to. God and my family to.your Majesty.' ' ' Dy dear Marshal,' replied the king, 'what you have related to me is certainly very extraordinary. Perhaps fever apd de liriim have something, to. do with, those visions.- Courage; take courage. Fight against those L.tmoinations and have good hope. You shall regain your health, and you will live many long years. Do you not Sbelieve me Yes, it is not I Give me your hand." And as Blucher did not answer, the. King of Prussia seized his hand. It was already cold and rigid: Midnight struck by the 'antique clocl in Sthe parlor. Field-Marshal Blucher, the saviour- of Wellington at Waterloo, was dead. 