GLEANINGS FROM THE PAPERS.' The Discovery of the Remains of St.1 Thomas A'Bkckett.—Mr. Arthur William A'Beckett writes to the Toilet to give his im pression, derived from a visit made with hia cousin, Mr. William A'Beokett Tarner, to Canterbury to view the supposed remains of St. Thomas A'Beokett. He sayB:—" As to the identity of the bones with those of St Thomas, I have a very fair impression that the remainB I saw on Thursday week were indeed those of the holy blessed martyr. The place in which the relics were found waa that traditionally asoribed as the exact spot for centuries, and the contemporary bio J grapherof Sir Thomas More declares that he and others, instead of allowing the bones of the saint to be bnrned, seized them and hurriedly buried them. They were found not in situ, hut in a oonfused mass near the head of the coffiu, When I saw there in Mr. Austin's drawing-room I confess that they had an awe-inspiring effect in spite of their painfully realistic surroundings. The skele ton was of gigantic stature. I should imagine it must have belonged to a man quite 6 ft. 3 in. high. This exactly tallies with tbe personal appearance of the saint, who was said to be a head and Bboukters taller than his attendants. The skeleton1 itself was in a perfect Btate of preservation, and so far as I could see appeared to be com plete. The skull (the bones of whioh had been placed on a clay model) showed traoes of .two sword cuts—one whioh seemingly had severed the crown of the head from the rest, and a second which had fallen on the top, and had not earned so much injury. In fact, as Mr. Austin pointed out to us, it was most probable that we were standing before tha remains of the great St. ThomaB of Canter bury, as all the acoounts of his martyrdom were consistent with the condition in which the remains had been found. What seemed to me to point eonolnsively to the relics being genuine was the great Bize of the skeleton. I have never to my knowledge seen a larger. I believe that Father Morris, the biographer of the saint, iB not satisfied as to their identity. Minor Canon Scott Robertson, on the other hand, takes a contrary view." Professob Blackie oh Cultum.—Pro fessor Blaokie recently gave the opening address of the Dumfriesshire and Galloway Students' literary Society in the Scots Las* Classroom of Edinburgh University. He said the snbieet of bis address was "True and False Culture." Culture, he said, was a growth, not a manufacture. All oulture waa true. They lived in a true world, and they must therefore do honest work, no scamping — - - • s no sham. There was to be no affectation i culture, no pretending to be what they were not—(applause)—no painted granite. (Re newed applause,) He loved Raskin very mnch, but he thought he (Ruskin) was apt to lead silly young men mad, and silly young women too, but that was more excusable. (Laughter.) He (Pro fessor Blackie) said to every young man-* " Dare to be yourself." Better Bhow your* self as a natural ass—(laughter)—there may be some of that kind before me just now. (Loud laughter and some hisses.) It is not I who say so; it is Robbie Burns, and he can not be wrong. (Oh.) But, 1 say, suppose you are a natural ass—and we are all com parative asses; I am an ass myself—(laughter) —certainly compared with Newton or Shak epeare—better to be a natural ass than an ass clothed in the skin of a lion, looking sublime for the moment. (Applause.) Culture con sisted in the joyful play and the reasonable energising of the creature in all its vital forces and functions in direct con nection with life and nature, carried on har moniously from Btage to stage of develop ment, antil it readied its consummating per fection according to the divine law of growth and progress. Now, if they pave him a better definition he would give them a guinea. (Laughter.) They must distinguish between culture and professional dexterity. Culture made a man a man; professional training made a shopkeeper a shopkeeper,: Be pointed to some things worthy of etudya. and aeked them espeoially to study music.. (Loud applause, and cries of "Song.") If' they wished to be men, he said, be Scotsmen —(applauBe)—and, above all things, study - Bobbie Burns—(renewed applause)—and thia one thing be wonld say in conclusion, that unless they learned to respeot themselves no body would respeot them. (Loud applauee.) Political Pbisonebs in Tonga.—In the Honse of Commons on March 8 Mr. James asked whether in Tonga the yonths who were set to hard labonr for refusing to take the military oath, and many other pereonB who were imprisoned for attending Weeleyan places of worship, were still working oat their sentences; and whether a proclamation restoring religions freedom to the islands had been isBned by the King or Mr. Shirley Baker, in conformity with the promise made to Her Majesty's High Commissioner. Baron H. de Worms—Her Majesty's Oovern ment have not received information showing that many perBonB are still working ont their sentences. In June last the Acting Vice Consul at Tonga brought before the local Premier a report that "the College and other men convicted for not taking the mili tary oath were still working as prisoners," to which Mr. Baker replied that the King "baa to the very best of his ability complied with MI the promises made to Sir Charles Mitchell, and is not aware of any promise so made remaining unful filled also that with regard to the political prisoners refusing to take the oath, the two whom His Excellenoy requested to beset at liberty were immediately set free.' The proclamation of religions freedom fa reported to have been published in lafokaa but it is not known here whether it has been published in the other islands. Its the Secretary of State informed the House on the 21st ult., it is desirable to await the farther information whioh Sir Charles^ Mitchell will be able to give when be arrives here next month, Taking the Wind Odt or His Sail.— Mr. Labouchere tells (says an exchange) an amnsing story of himself and Mr. Bradlangh when they had on one occasion to address their Northampton constituents. Mr. Brad laugh is in the habit of writing in very large letters on a sheet of foolscap the heads of the speech he is about to make, and this sheet lies on the table before him. At the parti cular time nnder notice, Mr. Labouchere had not prepared a speech, and was at some loss what to say. However, he had to speak first, being the senior member, and very soon his eye fell on Mr. Bradlaugh's points, which lay on the table as usual. Instantly he decided to make use of them, and pro oeeded to do so in slightly different order so as to avoid detection by Mr. Brad laugh. As he took them point by point he saw his oolleague run his pen through each as no longer of use, and finally only one was left. With almost feline cruelty Mr. Labouchere here delivered his peroration and eat down, only, however, to rise again at once and observe, " One thing I forgot to mention," and here he gave Mr. Bradlangh's sole remaining point, and so ended, Mr. Bradlangh thereupon whispered in dismay, "You have said all I was going to say; 1 don't know what on earth to do 1" Luxurious Line in the American Navy. —Except among the officers there are few American citizens in the whole of the American Navy. The men are chiefly de serters or diBobarged and reserve men from the British Army and Navv, with a sprink ling of French, Germans, and Scandinavians. The reason of that (says an exchange) is not far to seek. Considering the short term of aervioe it is an unquestionable advantage to the American Navy to fill up the ranks with men who have already passed through some naval or military training, and the attrac tions of the American service are great for Englishmen and Scotohmen. The term of service is very short—only three years—and the rate of pay is comparatively munificent— twenty-four dollars a month—and to that will shortly be added, it is said, a free kit. The fare on board is lees Spartan than in the British Navy, and the discipline is less severe. Further, a stoker or furnaceman receives thirty dollars a month, and does only two hours' duty out of the twelve; and an bdib seaman, advancing mruuguiue various gradeB of petty rank, increases his pay at a greater rate than if he were on a British ahlp. Twenty-four dollara a month would, however, give the men too much to Bpend whenever they were in port, ao only a small proportion of the pay may be drawn monthly, the remainder being left to the end of the three yeara, when eaoh man may with hia discharge retnrn to civil life- with a good ronnd sum in hia pooket. In the matter of food the Britiah bluejacket who turna American has good reason to think that he farea sumptuously. Salt junk ia seldom eaten, and vegetables and fruit, fresh or canned, are always to be had. Instead of each sailor having to take hia turn aa oook for hia mess aa on Britiah ships, with only the voluntary reward of his messmates' grog, there ia a keen competition to be oook for the month, because that office brings extra pay and exemption from ordinary duty. The American ia seldom called upon to eat biscuit; day in and day ont he luxuriates in fresh bread baked in the ship's ovens. But there ia no grog on board. British sailors who have served in the American Navy have taken this remarkable exoeption to it, that there ia neither discipline enough nor work enough. The Cost or Lighting London.—The Oat World publiahea statistics with regard to the amount of gas supplied to the metro polis during tbe foggy days whieh were ex perienced between the 16th and 24th instant. From these it appears that the Gaslight and Coke Company sent out to Its oustomera no less than 710,251,000 oubio feet of gas; that to manufacture this quantity 71,000 tons of ooal must have been oarbonized; and that the total value of the gas, without considera tion of the by-produots, such as tar, sul phate of ammonia, and coke, is £106,000. During the nine days, therefore, the publio paid the Gaslight and Coke Company no less than £490 per hour for artificial light. In addition to the above quantity of gas the Commercial Gas Company supplied 48,000,000 oubio feet between the 16th and 31st instant, and it is oalculated that with the quantity supplied by the South Metropolitan Com pany no less than 1,000 million oubio feet gaB was manufactured and sold in the metropolis during the period referred to in the first named Company's returns—a quantity that would supply a city such as Carlisle, on the basis of last year's manufacture, for a period of about seven veara. What's Become of Stanley ?—The abienoe of all authentio news from or of Stanley has naturally enough given rjse to both specula tion and foreboding (writes the Pall Mali Gazette of a late date). Enthusiastic men have set themselves to wonder,what great coup "the man of surprises" iB about to astonish us with; desponding men are already thinking of disaster. The former are on the right track; the latter, for t'leir comfort be it stated — and ,it may be done with confidence—are quite astray. Hothing has happened to Stanley, beyond that which be went ont to seek, although, as one of the fore boders has suggested, the Congo Association ia "keeping back something." The truth is, the Association has been " keeping baok something, from the very beginning of the enterprise, which had no more for its sole enterprise to "rescue Emin" than was another famouB expedition undertaken merely "pour ohhtier les Kroumirs." Of conree to reach Emin was one step, and it was necessary to the ulterior aims of the explorer, which, it may be safely asserted, were quite well known to the King of the Belgians—probably also to the British Go vernment, though it was judged prudent to veil them from a timorous world. Indeed, it is difficult to resist a suspicion that it was to leave Stanley free for the greater wort which still remained untouohed that another was found to take his place npon the Congo. Emin, then, was the " veil," while the true objective was, not to reach Khartoum —though the world would give something to knew the true tale of Gordon's end. No; Stanley has gone to do something grander, ana therefore more worthy the memory of his dead eomrade. He has gone to do that which he and Gordon had plannod together yearB ago, the accomplishment of which was the daily dream of Gordon's life the failure of which was hiB keenest pang in death—keener far than the edge ox the blade that slew him. He has gone to the Babr Gazelle to olose the "oharnel house of Africa," to heal the "open sore of the world," to band together the lacustrine tribes in a free State after the model of that on the Congo, to set up an impassible barrier against the Arab raiders, to free Equatorial Africa from the hell of the slave trade, to give comfort to its agonized people, and to open np its rioh reBOuroes to civilization and trade. Emin will be his willing coad jutor, Tippoo Tib has been bought over, and the first despatches received from Stanley will announoe that the work iB well begnn. It may be admitted that the evidence is ciroumstantial, and the oritioal might suggest that the argument is too inductive, but the oiroumstances, after considering them soberly, point so strongly in one direotion that the conclusion is difficult to resist. At any rate, the enter prise whioh I hare ascribed to Stanley was one planned by himself; it is in aoooraanoe witn nis onen expresseu conviouoas; ne himself has been its most earnest advocate; his honour and fame are therefore committed to it; and. most important of all, his present notion, so far as known, follows the lines which he has himself laid down for its attain ment, Lord Wolsklsy ok the Army and Navy. —Lord WoUeley presided at the annual dinner of the North London Rifle Club, held at the Holborn Restaurant on February 38 (reports St. Jama's Gaztlle). In proposing " Success to Her Majesty's Naval and Mili tary Forces," his lordBhip alluded to the splendid appearance and equipment of the fine body of volunteers from Australia be had seen at Suakim. He spoke of the conditions of the navy, and said that, as far as the offioers I and men were concerned they left nothing to I be desired, and it was to be wished that the same thing could be said of the size of the navy. Considering the duties the na/y had to perform, and the important interests it had to guard, it could not be said that we had a sufficient number of ships afloat. He wob one of those foolish people who believed in the possibility of j invasion, and if any disaster befel our fleet our shores would be at onoe open to invasion, and the military forces would have hard work. If our home fleet were defeated, there would at once be a cry to recall every ship we had abroad, leaving the protection of commercial routes and the guarding of the means of food supply. He confessed to feel ing strongly upon this point, because the navy was by no meanB so strong as it should be. His Lordship deplored that Ministers did not ask Parliament for the supplies necessary to put the navy in a proper condi tion, for he had never known such demands to be refused when they were necessary. As regarded the army, as tar as it went it was in a very satisfactory oondition, He remem bered the army thirty years ago, and compar ing then and now be was lost in admiration at the change which had come over it, and as a: proof of improvement in the men they could point to the faot that daring the last year the military prisons had been more than half empty, and the number of courts- martial had gone down very considerably. Russian Winteb Military Parades.— Military parades are almost of daily occur rence In the presence of the Emperor in front of the Winter Palace, and it is not unnoticed (says the St. Petersburg correspondent of the Morning Post) that the feeling that they may soon be called upon to enter the field gives the troopB more animation and spirit than has been the case for years. Every effort is being made to attain efficiency in view of the con tingency of having to fight the most efficient foe in Europe. None the less the terribly Bevere winter Russia is experiencing precludes all thoughts of early active opera tions, and it will not be until a decisive change takes place in the weather that Ruesia will show her hand. Such an arctic winter has not been known in Russia for generations. For two and a half months now an unbroken intense frost haB prevailed, ranging here from zero Fahr. to 32" below zero day after day, and although we are now well in March blazing fires are maintained in the streets to warm the sledge-drivera and policemen night and day. In Poland and the South heavy snowstorms blook the railways every week, rendering the transport of troops and pro visions altogether out of the question. Until the winter ends the military ohiefs oan do nothing but plan, and this they do uninterruptedly day after day at the general staff. The thaw now can hardly be much longer retarded, although it has not yet commenoed, and it will be then that Europe will be able to gauge the intentions of Russia during the summer. According to the best private sources, a mili tary demonstration in Poland will assuredly take place. No Mobs Hanging.—An Amerioan paper writes:—"In the New Jersey Senate a Bill was introduced on February 14 providing that the death penalty shall hereafter be inflicted by eleotrioity. The Aot provides that in sentencing a criminal the Jndge shall name the week during which the exeeution shall take plaoe; and in the week so designated the Sheriff of the connty shall select a day not previously to be made known to any one exoept those perBonB allowed to be present at the exeontions. These shall be the sentencing Judge, prosecuting attorney, two physicians, twelve reputable citizens, two clergymen if requested, and seven Assistant-Sheriffs. The corpse subsequently must be buried with enough quioklime to oonsume it, or be given up for dlsseoting pur-, poses. Newspapers are prohibited from re porting the execution further than a bare mention of the event, A Nnr Deiabturk by the Saltation Abut.—From Ail the W»rld, a monthly pub lication of the Army, we extract the following appeal by General Booth" Fot some time now the starving condition of great numbers of the London poor has appealed imploringly to us for help. Not only are there thousands who walk the streets of this great city, with its palatial mansions, abounding wealth, and costly luxury, not knowing where to find a meal of bread, but there are numbers more who have nowhere to lay their heads save in the shadow of the railway aroh.es, in the recesses of the bridges, or on the seats in the publio parks and squares. To help theBe poor, hungry, helpless crowds, for both thiB world and the next, has long been our earnest desire, nut now so do it wun tne sienaer means we can command has been the puazling question. We hare now decided to do some thing towards alleviating this dreadful misery, and have taken large premises in the West India-road, Limehouse, in whioh we propose to establish a very cheap food d£pot, and alBO to furnish a sleeping shelter for the night. We propose to supply a basin of soup to the ohildren for a farthing; soup end bread, ditto, for a half penny ; soup for an adult, a halfpenny; soup and bread, for one penny, together with other food—coffee, tea, and cocoa—at similar prioes. It is also proposed to find a man a warm and clean sleeping place for a night with some little refreshment for a penny. In conjunction with this alleviation of the temporal miseries of these hungry, homeless ones, it is intended by meetings held morning and evening, aad by the most direct personal dealing, to seek their salvation. Perhaps a more hopelesB class than this wretohed crowd, whioh lives continually in the land of the shadow of death, does not exist. They are ordinarily considered beyond help, but the Salvation Army has faith in the power of the Holy Ghost and the devotion of its workers to reach some, at least, of those who have long since abandoned themselves to despair. We hope, hy the exercise of the greatest care, to be able to make this soheme very nearly self-supporting, the feeding part of it entirely so. But we find the alterations, fitting of the bnilding, supply of steam ap paratus, and other applianoes will cost ns about £600. This we ask our friends to supply." Cremated Monks.—There is news from China of a remarkable affair in a Buddhist monastery near Canton (reports the Home Netus). A number of monks and nuns appeared to take the vows of the Order reoently, and among the applicants were two unnsnally beautiful young women. Two of the monks, after the others bad gone from the temple, made a desperate assault on the young women, whose screams brought the others to the rescue. The abbot decided to turn the monks over to the Civil Magistrate, but later he decided to send them back to the monaster for trial and punishment. Bach offender received twenty lashes on the bare back in the pre sence of all the others. This punishment so enraged the culprits that when released they armed themselves with knives and attacked the abbot. This time it was determined to make an example of them. It was resolved to burn the offenders to death in the crema tory of the monastery, and the sentence was carried out. The two priests were carried bonnd into the crematory, and in the pre sence of the brethren and a large crowd of spectators from the village they were burned to death. Costly Inqoisitiveness. —A remarkably good story is reported from Paris (says an English paper) respecting the treatment of private correspondence, which reminds us of a practice of political espionage which we should have thought had disappeared with the Empire. During the last presidental crisis a writer on a journal appearing at Bennes sent letters regularly to Ille-et Vilaine. It was found that hie letter* were bb regularly opened by tue political polioe. The correspondent one day hit npon the happy idea of register ing his letter as one containing 100f., in order to secure ita being handed to itB recipient without being previously opened and read. Of course no lOOf-note was enclosed. The letter duly arrived at its destination, with its seals in perfect order; but the envelope con tained, besides the usual missive, one of those neat blue notes with the representation of the Republic and the figure 100 upon its face. It is assumed that the unwelcome readers of the letter came to the conclusion that they most have dropped the banknote in surreptitiously opening the com munication, and, under the oiroumstanoes, thought it beBt, in order to prevent disagree able investigations, to pay for their inquisi tiveness. It is not stated whether the re cipient of this handsome solatium to outraged privacy experienced any soruples in accept ing the donation. Parma mbntabf Recreation.—Chess has (says the European Hail) beoome one of the institutions of the House of Commons. Since the introduction of the board to the smoking room many stiff games (says the London correspondent of a Scotch paper) have been fought every night. Gladstonians ohalienge Unionists, and Parnellites also come within the chess circle. Reoently Mr. Bradlaugh and Mr. Henniker Heaton were the centre of a group of interested observers, and still stranger conjunctions have often been seen aoroBB the board. The players are now becom ing fastidious. Two weekB ago they were delighted to have a movable board; now they are agitating for a fully equipped table. A petition in regular Parliamentary form has been prepared, and to.it a hundred signatures have already been attached. In this docu ment the defeats of the existing arrangement are gravely enumerated, and the Chief Com missioner of Works is requested to furnish forthwith all that the players desire. This resort to ohess promises to have other ramifi cations. Whistplayers are beginning to ask why they should not be allowed the same privilege SB their neighbours, and a move ment m favour of card-tables is seriously spoken of. What between early hours ana the pleasures of the smoking-room the House is rapidly becoming quite a delightful place. No Man's Land.—The strip of American territory known as " No Mans Land" is IN wiles long by S4l miles wide. There are 10,000 people living on it (writes the Bimt News). It contains a nnmber oi villages with schools and stores. It has belonged to the United States for thirty-eight years, and yet daring all that time has been neglected, being without federal or territorial law. This strip of country is said to have the most fertile soil and a olimate free from the extremes of heat or cold. Lynoh law rules supreme. Offenders are oaught and Bhot promptly on eonviotion. One who has reoently been in No Man's Land says" For all these years it has re mained * no man'B land* in fact, for, though it belongs to the Government and is publio land, it has never been made subject to entry, nor haB the United States even ever extended its laws over this territory. There is no officer who can arrest a man for crime com mitted in this territory, no Court which could try him if be were oonvicted. On March SO, 1886, it was attaohed to the internal revenue collection distriot of Kansas for the collection of the special tax on the sale of tobacco and liqnors. Some of the dealers in the Btrip pay this tax, others do not. There is no authority that oan punish the latter. The Government has established post-offices and postal routes in the strip, but if a postmaster should embezzle the funds, or should the mails be robbed within the limits of this territory, there is no Coart before whom the offender oould be brought for trial. The merchants do a striotly cash business, as, ot course, no debts contracted there can be oollectea." No title can be obtained to lots or lands in all this oountry because of the neglect of Congress. The people in this strip occupy an anomalous posi tion. They are within the Government, but not of it. They are compelled to fall back upon nature's laws and take care of them selves. They do this occasionally with vigour. Hard characters are given short notice to get out, and the notice is seldom disobeyed. It is proposed to incorporate No Man s Land with Oaklahoma into a territory, give it a regular territorial government, and extend the protection of law over it: and it la believed that No Man's Land will, after all, Eet into the Union as a State sooner than takota, with its 600,000 people, which has been a territory nearly thirty years. * The Defences or India.—The Offers bt Native Pbinces.—The Ameer, in an article on the defence of India, analyzes and dis cusses the various offers or money and troops made by certain feudatory Princes to the Government The total amount of money offered reaches Rl,03,80,000, including Hy derbad, R60,00,000; Cashmere, R10,000,000; Jodhpore, R10.00.000: Bhurtpore, R8.00.000; Kota, R6,00,000; Kapurthala, R5.00.000; Nabha, R4.00.000; and Maler Kotla, R80.000. These Princes offer troops iu addition. Of the other Princes, the raler of Mysore expresses a wish to raise and maintain a suitable military force, trained by British officers; the ruler of Patiala offers troops whenever required, the ruler of Bhawalpore a contingent of troops and money aid, proportioned to his resources; the ruler of Tonk the services of himself, his family, his troops, and the whole resources of his State; the ruler of Alwar money and troops whenever required; the ruler of Ram pore to defray the expense incurred in raising and maintaining a native infantry regiment in every war, together with all the resources of his State; the ruler of Mandi the services of himself and the resources of his State; the rulers of Suketaud ManteB the like; theruler of Lonaru the services of himself, his biothers, bis property, and a caravan of fifty oamels ; and the ruler of Chatnba and for canton ments. The question of greatest political importance at the present time, says the Calcutta correspondent of the Times, is in what direction and to what extent are these offers to be utilized. Five months have now elapBed since the Nizam's offer was received, yet up to thiB date nothing definite has been deoided, or at all events made publio. It is suggested that the most effective means of utilizing these offers to the best advantage for the defenoe of the frontier would be to drill and thoroughly equip as a reserve force a corps d'dtie seleoted from the various feudatory armies. It is to be hoped that no further delay will elapse in formulating a oomplete and detailed soheme tor the employment of these troops, or if such a soheme has been already completed, in giving early publicity to the intentions of the Government. A long postponed aooeptanoe is almost tantamount in its effect to a refusal, and can hardly have any other effeot than that of discouraging the loyal desire of the feudatory princes' to oo-operate with the Imperial Government in consolidating the defences of the ftmpire. _ THE ACTRESS AND HER UOO.—Ulr. Monty Browne called upon tbe Secretary for Agricul ture to-day, with Mies Ada Ward, and applied for permieeion to bring into the oolony a pet poodle, belonging to the latter (writes tbe Melbourne Btrmld of 13). In the oouree of conversation Miss Ward informed Mr. Martin that it is abont twelve yean sinoe she first visited the oolony, and also stated that the primary object of her present visit is to recruit her health. Mr. Martin referred to tbe regulations dealing with the importation of dogs, and promised to proclaim Miss Ward's residence a place of quarantine for tbe reoeption of her pet Should, however. Miss Ward during her stay in the oolony desire to introduce her dog into any perfor mance she may take part in the theatre will ° also have to be proclaimed a quarantine sta tion for dogs. This is following the praotio observed when Miss Genevieve Ward and her dog resided at the then Grand Hotel. Mr. Charles Arnold, who arrived by the Orient, and will appear at the Bijou, also has a dog, but it is a huge St. Bernard, and an application has been made for it to be landed under similar conditions. This application will also be granted. Expectation or Life. — In Whitaker's useful almanao a table is given showing the expectation of life as deduced from the death-rates of 1838-64 and 1871-80. In each oase the standard is a million births, and the following are the prinoipal comparative resultsAt birth the expectation of life has improved from 40 years to 41J for males, and from nearly 42 to 44§ for females. At 30 years of age there were sUVe 34,949 more males and 45,644 more females, or a gain of 80,693 lives. At the age of 19 the ex pectation of life is the same in both periods for males (40 years), and at the age of 45 for females (24 years). After these ages the expectation of life is less in the new than in tbe old tables. The difference, however, is very small, and is probably more than aooounted for by increased care in stating the ages of old people. Infants still seem to suffer from an undue mortality, for a male ohild of 4 years of age has nearly 10 years more ex pectation of life than at birth, and a female child more than 8} years. In fact, at about 17 tbe expectation is as good as at birth. The inordinate mortality of infants is strongly shown in a table given in the " Encyclopedia Britannica," article " Popu lation," where it is stated that in Bavaria two-fifths of the children die in their first year, in Russia about three-eighths, in England one-fourth, in Franoe under one-fifth. It may be in teresting to know that, except for extreme ages, the expectation of life may be ap proximately found by subtracting the riven age from 80, and taking two-thirds of the result. ThuB for 35—80 less 35 is 45, two thirds of 45 is 30. The aotual expectation is for maleB 28$, for females nearly 31. A Military Novelty.—The new Cycling Corps, whioh has been formed to act as scouts in connection with the British army, was brought into praotioal use (says the Daily Telegraph) for the first time at this year's Easter manoeuvres. They are armed as infantry and mounted on very fatt machines. They received gnat praise for the manner in which they carried out tbe work entrusted to them. 