THE LAUREL BUSH. AN' OLD-FASHIONED LOVE STORY. By the Author of 'John Halifax, |Gentleman.' Part.— III. What is a 'wrecked' life? One which the waves of inexorable fate have beaten to pieces, or one that, like an unseaworthy ship, is ready to go down in any waters? What most destroy us f tne tmngs we might well blame ourselves for, only we seldom do, our follies, blunders, errors, not counting actual sins, or the things for which we can blame nobody but Providence — if we dared — such as our losses and grief, our sicknesses of body and mind ; all those affections which we call ' the visitation of God ?' Ay, and so they are, but not sent in wrath, or for ultimate evil. Nc amount of sorrow need make any human life harmful to man, or unholy before God ; as a discontented, unhappy fife must needs be un holy ; in the sight of Him who in the mysterious economy of the universe seems to have one absolutelaw— He wastes nothing. He modifies, transmutes, substitutes, re-applies material to new uses ; but apparently by Him nothing is ever really lost, nothing thrown away. Therefore I incline to believe, when I hear people talking of a 'wrecked' existence, that, whosoever is to blame, it is not Provi dence. Nobody could have applied the term to Fortune Williams, looking at her as she sat in the drawing-room window of a house at Brighton, just where the grey of the Esplanade meets the ^reen of the Downs — a ladies' boarding-school, where she had in her charge two pupils, left behind for the holidays, while the mistress took a few weeks* repose. She sat, watching the sea, which was very beautiful, as even the Brighton sea can be sometimes. Her eyes were soft and calm, her hands were folded on her black silk dress; her pretty little tender-looking hands ; unringed, for she was still Miss Williams, still a governess. But even at thirty-five — and she had now reached that age, nay, passed ii — she was not what you might call 'old-maidish.' Perhaps, because the motheriy instinct, naturally very strong in her, had developed more and more. She was one of those governesses — the only sort who ought ever to attempt to be governesses — who really love children, ay, despite their naughtinesses and mischeviousness, and worry ing ways; who feel that, after all, these little oaes are ' of the kindgom of heaven,' and that the task of educating them for that kingdom somehow often brings us nearer to it ourselves. Her heart, always tender to children, bad gone out to them more and more every year ; especially after that fatal year, when a man took it, and broke it. No, not broke it, but threw it carelessly away, wounding it su sorely tint it never could be quite itself again. Bat it was a true, and warm, and womanly heart still. She had never heard of him— Robert Roy— never once in any way, since that Sunday after noon when he said, ' I will write to-morrow,' and did not write, hut let her drop from him altogether like a worthless thing. Cruel, somewhat, even to a mere acquaintance ; — but to her/ Well, all was part and gone, and the tide of years had flowed over it. Whatever it was — a mistake, a misfortune, or a wrong, nobody knew anything about it. And the wound was Healed, in a sort of a way. and chiefly by the unconscious hands of these little ' ministering angels,' who were angels that never grieved her, except by blotting their copy-books or not learning their lessons. I know it may sound a ridiculous thing that a forlorn governess should be comforted for a lost love by the love of children ; but it is true to nature. Women's lives have successive phases, each following .be other in natural gradation — maidenhood, wifehood, motherhood : in not one of which, ordinarily, regret we the one before it. to which it is nevertheless impossible to go back. But b ortune's lifehad had none of these. except- ing perhaps her one six months' dream of love and spring. That being over she fell back upon autumn days and autumn pleasures — which are very real pleasures, too. As she sat with the two little girls leaning against her lap — they were Indian children, unaccustomed to tenderness, and bad already grown very fund of her — there was a look in her (ace. not at all tike an ancieat maiden, or ? governess, but almost motherly. You see the like in the face of the Virgin Mary, as the old monks used to paint her. quaint, and not always lovely, but never common or coarse, and spiritualised by a look of mingled tenderness and sorrow into something beyond all beauty. This woman's face had it, so that the people who had known Miss Williams as a girl were astonished to find her, as a middle-aged woman, grown ' so good- looking.' To which one of her pupils once answered, naively, ' It is be cause she looks so good.' But this was after ten years. Of the first half of these years the less is said the better. She did not live ; she merely endured life. Monotony without — constant aching within ; arestlessgnawidg want, a perpetual expectation, half-hope, half-tear ; no human being could not bear all this without being the worst for it, or the Better. But the betterness came afterwards, not at first. Sometimes her cravings to hear the smallest tidings of him, only if he were alive or dead, grew into such an agony, that it had not been for her entire helplessness in the matter, she might have tried some means of gaining in formation. But, from his sudden change of plans, she was ignorant even of the name of the ship he had sai'.ed by, the firm he had gone to. She could do absolutely nothing, and learn nothing. Hers was something like the ' Affliction of Margaret,' that poem of Words worth's which, when little pupils recited it — as they often did — made her ready to sob out loud, from the pang of its piteous reality : — ' I look for ghosts, bat rune will force Their way to me : 'tis falsely said That there was ever intercourse Betwixt the living and the dead : For surely then I sooald have sight Of him 1 wait for day and night With love and longings infinite.' Stilt, in the depth of her heart she did not believe Robert Roy was dead ; for her ringer was still empty of that ring — het mother's ring — which he had drawn off, premising its return ' when he was dead or she was married.' This implied that he never meant to lose sight of her. Nor, indeed, had be wished it, would it have been very difficult to find her, these ten years having been spent entirely in one place, an obscure village in the south of England, where she had lived as a governess — first in the squire's family, then the rector's From the Dalziei family, where, as she had said to Mr. Roy, she hoped to remain for years, she had drifted away almost immediately ; within a few months. At Christmas old Mrs. Dalzie: had suddenly died ; her son had re turned home, sent his four boys to school in Germany, and gone back again to India. There was now, for the first time for half a century, not a single Dalziel left in St. Andrews. Though all the ties were broken connecting her with the dear old city, her boys still wrote to her now and then, and she to them, with a persistency for which her consciousness smote her sometimes, knowing it was wholly for their sakes. But they had never been near her, and she had little exDectation of ever seeing them ever again, since by this time she had lived long enough to find out how easily people do drift asunder, and lose all clue to one another, unless some strong firm will, or unconquerable habit of fidelity, exists on one side or the other. Since the Datziels, she had only lived in the two families before named, and had been lately driven from the last one by a catastrophe, if it 'nay be called so, which had been the bitterest drop in her cup since the time she left St. Andrews. The rector — a widower, and a feeble, gentle invalid, to whom naturally she hid been kind and tender, regarding him with much the same sort of motherly feeling as she had regarded his children — suddenly asked her to become their mother in reality. It was a great shock and ping. Almost a temptation ; for they all loved her; and wished to keep her. She would have been such a blessing, such a brightness, in that dreary home. And to a woman no longer young, who had seen her youth pass without any brightness in it, God knows what an allurement it is to feel she has siill the power of brightening other lives. If Fortune had yielded — if she had said yes, and married the rector — it would have been hardly wonderful, scarcely blameable. Nor would it have been the first time by many times that a good, conscientious, tender hearted woman has married a man for pnre tenderness. Bat she did not do it ; not etferi when they clung around her — those forlo.n, half educated, but affectionate girls — entreating her to 'marry papa, and make us all happy.' She eould not —how could she? She felt very kindly to him. He had her sincere respect, almost affection j but when she looked into her own heart, she found there was not in it one atom of love, never had been, for any man alive, except Robert Roy. While he was unmarried, for her to marry would be impossible. And so she had the wisdom and courage to say to herself, and to them all, ' This 'cannot be ;' to put aside the cup of attainable happi ness, which might never have proved real happiness, because founded on an insincerity. But the pain this cost was so great, the wrench of parting from her poor girls so cruel' that after it Miss Williams had a sharp illness, the first serious illness of her life. She strug gled through it, quietly and alone, in one of those excellent 'Governesses' Homes,' where everybody was very kind to her— some more than kind, affectionate. It was strange, she often thought, what an endless amount of affection followed her wherever she went. She was by no means one of those women who go about the world moaning that nobody loves them. Everybody loved her, and she knew it — everybody whose love was worth having ? except Robert Roy. Still, her mind never changed ; not even when, in the weakness of illness, there would come vague dreams of that peaceful rectory, with its quiet rooms and green garden : of the gentle, kindly-hearted father, and the two loving girls, whom she could have made so happy, and perhaps won happiness herself in the doing of it. 'I am a great fool, some people would say,' thought she, with a sad smile ; ' per haps rather worse. Perhaps I am acting abso lutely -wrong in throwing away my chance of doing good. But I cannot help it — I cannot help it.' So she kept to her resolution, writing the oc casional notes she had promised to write to hei poor forsaken girls, without saying a word of her illness ; and when she erew better, though not strong enough to undertake a new situation, finding her money slipping away — though, with her good salaries and small wants, she was not poor, and had already begun to lay up for a lonely old age— she accepted this temporary home at Miss Maclachlan's, at Brighton. Was it — so strange are the under-currents which guide's one's outward life — was it because she had found a curious charm in the old lady's Scotch tongue, unheard for years ? that the two little pupils were Indian children, and that the bouse was at the seaside ?— and she had never seen the sea since she left St. Andrews. It was like going back to the days of her youth to sit as now, watching the sunshine glitter on the far-away ocean. The very smell of the sea weed, the fap-iap of toe Ifttfe waves, brought back recollections so vividly — old thoughts some bitter, some sweet, but the sweetness generally over-coming the bitter ness. 'I have had all the joy that tie world could bestow: I have lived— I have loved—' So sings the uoet. and truly. Though to this woman love had brought not joy, bat sorrow, still she had loved, and it had been the main stay and stronghold of life, esen though to outsiders it might have appeared little better than a delusion, a dream. Once, and by one only, her u-Wc- nat-ire ha'i been drawn oat, her ideal i»f in irai iight entirely satisfied, And nothing bad ^ver shattered this ideal. She clung to it, as we cling to the memory our dead children, who are children for ever. With a passionate fidelty she remembered all Robert Roy's goodness, his rare and noble qualities, resolutely shutting her eyes to what she might have judged severely, had it happened to another person — his total un explained, and inexplicable desertion of her self. It was -utterly irreconcileable with all she had ever known him ; and being powerless to unravel it, she left it, just as we have to leave many a mystery in beaven and earth, with the humble cry, ' I cannot understand — I love.' Sbe loved him, that was all ; and sometimes even yet, across that desert of despair, stretching before and behind her, came a wild hope, almost a conviction, that she should meet him again, somewhere, somehow. This day, even, when, after a hour's delicious idleness, she roused herself to lake her litt e girls down to the beach, and sat on the hin'le while they played, the sounds and s ghts of the sea brought old times so vividly back, tnai she could almost have fancied coining behind her the familiar step, the pleasant voice, as when Mr. Roy and his boys used to overtake her on the Su .Andrews shore — Robert Roy, a young man, with his life all before him, as was hers. Now she was middle-aged, and he — ne must be over forty by this time. How strange ! Stranger still, lhat there had never occurred to her one possibility — that he ' was not' that God had taken him. But this her heart absolutely refused to accept. So long as he was in it,- the world would never be quite empty to her. Afterwards — lint, as I said, there are somethings which cannot be faced, and this was one of them. All else she had faced, long ago. She did not grieve now. As she walked with her chil dren, listening to their endless talk, with that patient sympathy which made all children love her, and which she often found was a better help to their education than dozens of lessons, there was on her face that peaceful expression which is the greatest perservaiive of youth, the greatest antidote to change. And so it was no wonder that a tall lad, passing and repassing on the Esplaiade with anotbhr youth, looked at her more tfcan once with great curiosity, and at last advanced with hesitating politeness. ' I beg volt pardon, ma'am, if I mistake ; but you are so like a lady I once knew, and am now looking for — are you Miss Williams ?' ' My name is Williams, certainly ; and you' — something in the curly light hair, the mis chievous twinkle of the eye, struck her — 'you cannot be, X is scarcely possible, David Dateiel?' ' But I am though,' cried the lad, shaking her band as if he would shake it off. ' And I call myself clever to have remembered you, though I was ;uch a little fellow when you left us, and I have only seen your photograph since. But you are rot a bit altered, not one bit And as I knew, by your last letter to Archy, that you were at Brighton, I thought I'd risk it. and sneak. Hurra ! how very jolly !' He had grown a handsome lad, the pretty wee Davie, an honest looking lad too appar ently ; and she was glad to see h;m. From the dignity of his eighteen years and the five feet ten of heght, he looked down upon the governess and patronised her quite tenderly ; dismissing his friend, and walking home with her, telling her on the way all his affairs and ? hat of his family, with the volubility of little D ivid Dalziel at St. Andrews. ' No I've atrt forgotten St. Andrews one 'lit. though I was so small. I remember poor old grannie, and her cottage, and the garden, and the Links, and the g-'lfiag, and Mr. Roy. By-the bye, what has become of Mr. Roy ?' The snd-'eness of the question, nay, the very sound of a name totally silent for so many years, made Fortune's heart throb till its beat ing was actual pain. Then came a sudden desperate hope, as she answered, — I cannot tell. ' I have never h^ard any thing of him. Have you ?' No — yet, let rue sec. I think Archy once go: a letter fiom him, a year 01 so after he went away ; but we lust it somehow, and never answered it. We have never beard anything since. Miss Williams sat down on one of the Lenches facing the sea. with a murmured excuse cf being ' tired.' One of her little girls crept up beside her. stealing a hand in hers. She held it fast, her.own shank so, bat gradually »1ie crew ^aite herself again. ' I have been il!, she explainC-'1* ' a.nJ cannot walk far. Let us sit down here a «V'. e-. You were speaki. g about Mr. Roy, David ?*' ' Yes, what a good feliow he was J We used to call him Rob Roy, I remember, but only behind bis back. He was strict, but he he was a jolly old soul for all that. I believe I should know him again any day, as I did you. But perhaps he is dead ; people die pretty fast abroad, and ten years is a long time, isn't it ?' 'A long time. And you never got any more letters?' ' No, or if they did come, they were lost, being directed probably to the care of poor old grannie, as the first one was. We thought it so odd, after she was dead, you know.' Thus the boy chattered on — his tongue had not shortened with his increasing inches — and every idle word sank down deep in his old governess's heart. Then it was only her whom Robert Roy had forsaken ? He had written to his boys ; prob ably would have gone on writing, had they answered his letter. He was neither faithless nor forgetful. With an ingenuity that might have brought to any listener a smile, or a tear, Miss Williams led the conversation round again till sbe could easily ask more concerning that one letter ; but David remembered little or nothing except that it was dated from Shang hai, for his brothers had had a discussion whether Shanghai was in China or Tapan. Then, boy-like, they bad forgotten the whole matter. . | _ ** Yes, by this time everybody had forgotten him,' thought Fortune to herself, whenbavihg bidden David ijood-bye at her door and ar ranged to meet him again — he was on a visit at Brighton before matriculating at Oxford next term — she sat down in her own room, with a strangely bewildered feeling. ' Mine, all mine,' she said, and her heart closed itself over him, her old friend at least, if nothing more, with a tenacity of tenderness as silent as it was strong. From that day, though she saw, and was determined henceforward to see, as much as she could of young David Dalziel, she never once spoke to htm of Mr. Roy. ; Still, to have the lad coming about her was a pleasure, a fond link with the past, and to talk to him about his future was a pleasure too. He was one of all the four — Mr. Roy always said so — ho had ?? brains' enough to become a real student ; and instead of follow ing the others to India, he was to go to Oxford and do his best there. His German edacation had left him few English friends ; he was an affectionate, simple-hearted lad, and now that his mischevious days were done, was taken to thorough hard work. He attached himself to his old governess with an enthusiasm that a lad in his teens otten conceives for a woman still young enough to be sympathetic and intelligent enough to guide, without ruling, the errant fancy of that age. She, too, soon grew very fond of him, it made her strangely happy, this sudJen rift of sunshine out of the oever lorgotten heaven of her youth, now almost as Ear off as heaven itself. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 