SELLING A GOLD MINE Mr. S—was a stock and share broker. One day a man entered bis office, having the appearance of a miner. " What can I do for vou '?” asked Mr. S—. “ 1 wants to sell my claim in Dccdralo Mine, yonder, ” replied the man. u How much do you want for it ?” “ £200, and not a half-penny less. My wife and one of the kids is sick, and I’am just upon knocked up, aud I wants to skip this part right clear away.” “ Very good,” said Mr, S—, taking a huge book from shelf, and entering the particulars, “ call round in four or five days, will you ?” All "right, sir,” said the man, and he departed. Only one day had elapsed before the man returned in- a state of great excitement, and in a voice of thunder shouted, “ I say, Mr., have you sold 1 Have you sold? After all these years of toil, I’aui rich at last. Why don’t you answer,” he shouted. “ I wouldn t take £1,000 for that claini now.” Mr. S—now thought he saw a. chance for a good stroke of business' ; so re questing the man to be seated, he began turning over leaves with lightning rapidity. After a few minutes he closed tbo book with the rcmark, “JNotjhere._ We’ll have a look in Ho’. 2. All, here we are,” he said. “ Yes, it’s sold l cheque for £200 from Mr. Uodio:. But, I say, what’s the matter V” The man had turned as pale as ghost, but quickly recovering, he said, “ It can’t be helped. I’m done brown on the pinch. I shall have to make the best of it, I suppose. ” Mr. S—, delighted at the way things had gone, said, “You don't mind h cheque, I suppose ?” “ Oh, no,” said miner, “ that’ll do for me,” and pocketing the cheque for £200 he departed, looking very downcast. Mr. S-at once sent the office boy to have his horse saddled and brought round to the door. He mounted and rode off to visit the mine, and with his own hands handle some of the earth which contained the precious treasure. Bnt a fearful storm came, oji which compelled him to put 'up at an hotel for the night. Oh reaching the mine next morning not a single workman was'to' be" found, and on further ihquiries' "hg, was to’.d the mine had been closed this two months. He then galloped back to the bank to stop the cheque. Alas! too late. A man answering to the description of the miner had changed a cheque just before the bank closed the day before, jj The miner is-still wante’.< , - a 