T'E : FROZEN PIRATE.* BY W. CLARKTE RUSSELL, Author of ' The Wreck of the Grosvenor,' ' The Lady Maud,' 'A fSailor's Sweet heart,' Etc. CarPrE XII.--A Loamy NI- or. I?hadapipeof myown in mypocket; I fetched a small block of the black tobacco that was in the pantry, and, with some trouble, for itwas as hard and dry as glass, Coipped off a bowlful and fell a-puffing with all th6 satisfaction of a hardened lover of tobacco who has long been denied his favourite relish. The punch diffused a pleasing glow through my frame, the tobacco was lulling, the heat of the fire very saoothing, the hearty meal I. had eaten had also marvellously invigorated me, so that I found my mind in a posture to justly and rationally consider my condition, and to reson. out such probabilities as seemed to 'be attached to it. - First of all I reflected that by the usual .operation of natural laws this vast seat of ' thrilling and thick-ribbed ice' in which the schooner lay bound was steadily travelling to the northward, where in due course it would dissolve, though that would not :lsppen yd., But as it advanced so would it 1 . •vy 'med'-ea cr. to the pathways of ships t using these seas, and any day might dis -close -a sail near enough to observe such t 'signals of smoke or flag as I might best con trve. But supposing no opportunity of this .kind to offer, then I ought to be able to find 1 iin the .vessel materials fit for the construe rtion of a boat, if, indeed, I met not with a pinnace of her own stowed under the main 1 -hatch, for there certainly was no boat on f 'deck. Nay, my meditations even carried me - itrther. This was the winter season of the t .southern hemisphere, but presently the sun ,would be coming my way, whilst the ice, on :the other hand, floated towards him; if by the wreck and dissolution of the island the schooner was not crushed,. she must be re leased, in which case, providing she was tight?-and my brief inspection of her bottom showed nothing wrong with her that was visible through the shroud of snow-I t should have a stout ship under me in which I would be able to lie hove to, or even make shift-to sail her if the breeze came from the :outh, and thus take my chance of being sighted and discovered. t SMuch, I had almost said everything, do e ,pended on the quantity of provisions I should find in her and particularly on the :tock of coal, for I feared I must perish if I had not a fire. But there was the hold to bei explored yet ; the navigation of these waters I must have been anticipated by the men of t the schooner, who were sure to make hand some provision for the cold-and the surer if, as I fancied, they were Spaniards. Cer tainly they might have exhausted their stock of coal, but I could not persuade myself of t this; since the heap in the corner of the cook-. room somehow or other was suggestive of a store behind. .I knewnot yet whether more of the crew lay in the forecastle, "but so far I had encountered four men only. If these were all, then I had a right to believe, grounding t my fancy on the absence of boats, that most of the company had quitted the ship, and this-they would have done early-a suppo- a sition that promised me a fair discovery of stores. Herein lay my hope ; if I could prolong my life for three or four months, I then, if the ice was not all gone, it would have advanced far north, serving me as a ship and putting me in the way of delivering myself, either by the sight of a sail, or by the: schooner floating free, or by my con- c strnotion of a boat. h Thus I sat musing, as I venture to think, b in a clearheaded way. Yet all the same I couldnot glance around without feeling as if S I was bewitched. The red shining of the 0 furnace ruddily 'gilded the cook-house; a through the after-sliding door went the a passage to the cabin in blackness; the al atormng of the wind was subdued into a strange nanisg and cdmplaining ; often u tbrough the body of the ship came the thrill as f a sudden explosion ; and haunting all was -thesense of the dead men just without, the frozen desolation of the island, the mighty i .world of waters in which it lay. No ! you 'cxi think of no isolation comparable to this ; and I tremble as I reviewit, for under the s thought of, the enormous loneliness of that time my spirit mn eer ' i ..~md .c.tr It was melancholy to be without time, so I pulled out the gold watch I had taken from the man on the rocks and woundit up, and guessing at the hour, set the hands at half past four. The watch ticked bravely. It wqasindeed a noble piece of mechanism, very costly and glorious with its jewels, and more than a hint as to the character of this c schooner; and had there been nothing else to judge by I should still have sworn to her by this watch. My pipe being emptied, I threw some more coals into the furnace, and putting a candle in'the lantern went aft to take another view of the little cabins, in onoof which I resolved to?sleep, for though the cook-room would have served me best whilst the fire burned, I reckoned upon it making a colder habitation -when the furnace was black than those small -compartments in the stern. The cold on f deck gushed down so bitingly through the open companion-hatch that I was fain to close it. I mounted the steps, and with much ado shipped the cover and shut the door, by which, of course, the great cabin, as I cll the room in which the two men were, was plunged in darkness; but the cold was not tolerable, and the parcels of candles in -the larder rendered me indifferent to the -gloom. \- On entering the passage indwhich were the .doors of the berths, I noticed an object that t had before escaped my observation-I mean -a-small trap-hatch, no bigger than a man hole, with a ring for lifting it, midway down t ':'the lane. I suspected this to be the entranc t .tto thelazarette, and putting. both hands to the ring pulled the hatch up. I sniffed cautiously, fearing foul air, and then sinking the lantern by the length of my arm I peered Sddown, and observed the outlines of casks, :bales, cases of white wood, chests, and so ,forth. I dropped through the hol. on to a aesk, which left me my head and shoulders " above the deck, and then with the utmost a ua-tion stooped and threw the lantern light around me. But the casks were not powder \- barrels, which perhiaps a little reflection might ?have led me to suspect, since it was not to be -aupposeLthat any man would stow his gPowlcr in the laxaetto. ] wa in the -way of settling mlsmis t'goyigi?cliig?'"the ltdoc] of food in the ~s~hooper, I resolved to push through with. this ba?-usiness at once, and fetchin the Ohoppelr weont to work upon these barrels and chests, and very briefly I will tell you what I found. First, I dealt with a t.ere that proved full of salt beef. There was a whole Srow of these tierces, and one sufficed toex press the nature of the rest; there were upwards of thirty barrels of pork; one -canvas bale I ripped open was full of hams, and of thesss bales I counted half a score. The white cases held biscuit. There were everal sacks of peas, a number of barrels of flour, eases of candles, choosess, a quantity of Stobacco, not to mention a variety of jars of several shapes, some of which I afterwards found to contain marmaladeo and succadoes of different kinds. On knocking the head ef one cask I found it hold a frozen body, .that. b the light of the lantern looked as blak as ink I chipped off a bit, sucked rit, and found it wine.: - ..Iws so transprt by the sight of this Swoiledfulplenty that I 16li upon my knees i in an outburst of gratklide, and gave hearty 'thnks to God for His mer. There was \--.o further need for mte todismally wonder whether I was to starve or no; snpposing S.thoe provisions sweet, here was food enough to last ml three or four years. I was so \- overjoyed and withal curious that I forgot all about the time, and flourishing the chopper made the round of the lafaretto, : sampling its freight by individual instances, \- o that by the time I was tired I had ?nlarged the list I have given, by discoveroies o. brandy, beer, oatmeal, oil, lemons, tongues, .'inegar, rum, and eight or - ten ' other lmatter,, all stowed very bunglingly, and in so san different kinds of coks, eases, jars, " t?b? d br specal rsranaent wlth the author. and other vessels as disposed me to believe that several piratical rummagings must have gone to the creation of this handsome and plentiful stock of good things. Well, thought I, even if there be no more coal in the ship than what lies in the cook house, enough fuel is here in the shape of casks, boxes, and the like to thaw me pro visions for six months, besides what I may come across in the hold, along with the hammocks, bedding, boxes, and so forth in' the forecastle, all which would be good to feed my fire with. This was a most col forting reflection, and I recollect springing out through the lazarette hatch with as spirited a caper as ever I had cut at any time in my life. I replaced the hatch-cover, and having resolved upon the aftmost of'the four cabins as my bedroom, entered it to see what kind of accommodation it would yield me. I hung up the lantern and looked into the cot, that was slung athwartships, and spied a couple of rugs or blankets, which I pulled out, having no fancy to lie under them. The deck was like an old clothes' shop, or the wardrobe of a travelling troop af actors. From the confusion in this and the adjoining cabins 'I concluded that there had been a rush at the last, a wild overhauling and flinging about of clothes for articles of more value hidden amongst them. But just as likely as noj the disorder merely indi atpi the slovenly~adiffcrence of plunderers .t the fruits of a' pillage that had ovis?tcked them. The first garment I picked up was a cloak of a sort of silk material, richly furred and lined ; all the buttons but one had been cut off, and that which remained was silver. I spread it in the cot, as it was a soft thing to lie upon. Then I picked up a coat of the fashion you will see in Hogarth's engravings -the coat collar a broad fold, and the cuffs to the elbow. This was as good as a rug, and I put it into the cot with the other. I inspected others of the articles on the deck, and among them recollect a gold- laced waistcoat of green velvet, two or three pairs of high-heeled shoes, a woman's yellow sacque, several frizzled wigs, silk stockings, pumps-in fine, the contents of the trunks of some dandy passengers, long since gathered to their forefathers no doubt, even if the gentlemen of this schooner had not then and there walked them overboard or split their windpipes. But, to be honest, I cannot remember a third of what lay tumbled upon the deck or hung against the bulkhead. So far as my knowledge of costume went, every article pointed to the date which I had fixed upon for this vessel. I swept the huddle of things with my foot into a corner, and lifting the lids of the boxes saw more clothes, some books, a collec tion of small arms, a couple of quadrants, and sundry rolls of paper, which proved to be charts of the islands of the Antilles and the western South American coast, very ill digested. There were no papers of any kind to determine the vessel's character, nor journal to acquaint me with her story. I was tired in my limbs rather than sleepy, and went to the cook-room to warm myself at the fire and get me some supper, meaning to sit there till the fire died out and then go to rest ; but when I put my knife to the ham I found it as hard frozen as when I had first met with it ; so with the cheese ; and this though there had been a fire burning for hours ! I put the things into the oven to thaw as before, and sitting down fell very pensive over this severity of cold, which had power to freeze within a yard or two of the furnace. To be sure the fire by my absence had shrunk, and the sliding door being open admitted the cold of the cabin ; but the consideration was, how was I to resist the killing enfoldment of this atmosphere? I had slept in the boat, it is true, and was none the worse; and now I was under shelter, with the heat of a plentiful bellyful of meatand liquor to warmme; but if wine and ham and cheese froze in an air in which a fir had been burning, why not I in my sleep, when there was no fire, and life beat weakly, as it does in slumber 1 Those figures in the cabin '~it disnal warnings and assurances ; they hads:,cln' men ;perhaps stouter and heartier in their day than ever I was, but they had been frozen into stony images nevertheless, under cover, too, with the materials to make a fire, and as much strong waters in their lazarette as would serve the schooner to floatin. Well, thought I, after a spell of melan choly thinking, if I ams to perish of cold, hero e ire.:- it is rte.ord d, cad it is as easy as drowning, anyhow, and better than hanging; and with that I pulled out the ham and found it soft enough to cut, finding philosophy (which, as the French cynic says, triumphs over past and future ills) not so bard because somehow I did not myself then particularly feel the cold-I mean, I was not certainly suffering here 'from that pain of frost which I had felt in the open boat. HIaving heartily supped, I brewed a pint of punch, and, charging my pipe, sat smoking with my feet against the furnace. It was after eight o'clock by the watch I was wearing. I knew by the humming noise that it was blowing a gale of wind outside, and from time to time the decks rattled to a heavy discharge of hail. All sounds were naturally much subdued to my car by the ship lying in a hollow, and I being in her with the hatches closed; but this very faintness of uproar formed of itself a quality of mystery very pat to the ghastliness of my surroundings. It 'was like the notes of an elfin storm of necromantic imagination; it was hollow, weak, and terrifying ; and it and the thunder of the seas commingling, together with the rumbling blasts and shocks of splitting ice, disjointed as by an earth quake, loaded the inward silence with un earthly tones, which my lonely and quickened imagination readily furnished with syllables. The lantern diffused but a small light, and the flickering of the fire made a movement of shadows about me. I was separated from the great cabin where the figures were by the little arms-room only, and the passage to it ran there in blackness. It strangely and importunately entered my head toconceive, that though these mm were frozen and stirless they were not dead as corpses are. but as a stream whose current, checked by ice, will flow when' the ice is melted. Might not life in them be suspended by the cold, not ended ? There is vitality in the seed tlhough it lies a dead thing in the hand.. Those men are corpses to my eye ; but, said I to myself, they may have the lrinciples of life in them, which heat might callinto being. Putrofaction is a natural law, but it is baulked by frost, and just as decay is hindered by cold, might not the property of life he left unaffected in a bod,..touglah :it- sho)ild' h. numbed ,in a marble form for fifty years ? This was a tcrrible fancy to paossess a man situated as I was, and at so worked in me that again and again I caught myself looking first forward, then aft, as thongh,~Ieaven help me ! my secret instincts foroboded that at any mnomentIshouldbehold some form from the forecastle, or one of those figures in the cabin, stalking in, and coming to my side silently seating himself. I shaw'd and pish'd, and querulously asked of myself what manner of English sailor was I to suffer such womnldy terrors to visit me; but it would not do ; I could not smoke; a coldness of the heart fell upon mo, and oset me trembling above.anysort of shivers which the frost of the air had chased through me; and pre sently a hollow -creak sounding out of the hold, canwd.by some movement of the bed of theice on whlich the vessel lay, I was seized with a pania terror and sprang to mny feeoot, and, lantern in' hiand, made for the oom p:nion ladder, with a prayer in me for the sight of a star I Idurst not look at the figures, but, setting the light down at the foot of the ladder, equeezed through tihe companion-door on to the dock. M'y fear was a fever in its way, and I did not feel the cold. There was no star to be soon, but tihe whiteness of theothe icowas flung out in a wild strange glare by the blackness of the sky, and mscdo a light of its own. It was the most savage and terribl picture of solitude the invention of man could reach to, yet I blessed it for the relief it gave to myghost-enkinmlieod imagination. No squall was then passing; the rooks rose iup on either hand in a ghtly glimmer to thie .ebony of the heavens; the gale sweptoveor head in a wild, mad blending of whistlings, rearings, and .orytngs in many keys, failing .on a sudden into a doleful walling,' then' 3 rising in a breath to the full fury of its con I cert; the sea thundered like the cannon ading of an electric storm, and you would have said that the rending and crackling noises of the ice were responses to the crash ing blows of the balls of shaddow-hidden ordnance. But the scene, the uproar, the voices of the wind were real-a better cordial to my spirits than a gallon of the mellowest 3 vintage below ; and presently, when the cold was beginning to pierce me, my courago was- so. much the better' for this excursion into, the hoarse and black -and gleaming realities of the. night, that mny.heart beat at its usual measure: as I- ?ssed through the hatch and went'again to the cook- room. SI was, howevedr, sure that if I sathere long, listening and thinking, fear would return. A small fire still burned; I put a saucepan on it, and popped in a piece of the fresh water ice, but on handling the brandy I found it hardset. The heat of the oven was not sutfioiently great to thaw me a dram, so to save further trouble in this way I took the chopper and at one blow split open the jar, and there then lay before me the solid body of the brandy, from which I chipped off as much as I needed, and thus procured a hot and animating draught. Raking out the fire, I picked up the lantern, and was about to go, then halted, considering whether I should not, stow. the frozen provisions away. It w4 a natural thought, seeing. how precious fd was ?6 me. But, alns. lit mattered not wherethey lay ; they were as secure here as if they were snugly hidden in the bottom of the hold: It was the white realm of death ; if ever a rat had crawled in this ship, it was in its hiding place, as stiff and idle as the frozen vessel. So I let the lump of brandy, the ice, ham, and so forth, rest where they were, and went to the cabin I had chosen, .involuntarily peoping at the figures as I passed, and hurrying the faster because of the grim and terrifying liveliness put into the man who sat starting from the table by the swing of the lantern in my hand. I shut the door and hung the lantern near the cot, having the. flint and box in my pocket. There was indeed an abundance of candles in the vessel, nevertheless it was my business to husband them with the utmost niggardliness. How long I was to be im prisoned here, if indeed I was ever to be delivered, Providence alone knew; and to run short of candles would add to the terrors of my existence, by forcing me either to open the hatches and ports for light, and so filling .the ship with the deadly air outside, or living in darkness. There were a cloak and a coat .in the cot, but .theywould not suffice. The fine cloak I had taken from the man on the rocks was on deck, and till now I had for gotten it; there was, however, plenty of apparel, in the corner to serve as wraps, and having chosen enough to smother me I vaulted into the cot, and so covered myself that the clothes were above the level of the sides of the cot. I left the lantern burning whilst I made sure my bed was all right, and lay musing, feeling extremely melancholy; the hardest part was the thought of those two men watching in the cabin. The most fantastic alarms possessed me. Suppose their ghosts l came to the ship at midnight, and, entering their bodies, quickened them into walking 1 Suppose they were in the condition of cataleptics, sensible of what passed around them, but paralysed to the motionless and seeming insensibility of death 1 Then the very garments under which I lay were of a proper kind to keep a man in my situation quaking. Mfy imagination went to work to tell me to whom they had belonged, the bloody ends their owners had met at the hands of the miscreants who despoiled them. I caught myself listening-and there was enough to hear, too, what with the subdued roaring of the wind, the splintering of ice, the occasional creaking- not unlike a heavy booted tread-of the fabric of the schooner to the blasts of the gale against her masts, or to a movement in the bed on.'vhich she reposed. .ut plain sense came to my rescue atlast. I resolvei to have no moe of these night fears, sq' blowing out the candleI ,3ut my head oi..tho coatthatfornied myi illow, resolutely kept my eyes shut, "nd after' awhile fell asleep. (To s oosrsisa.";? ? . 