A NEW ZEALANDER IN AUSTRALIA. I. 'You miRht let us havo your opinions of Victoria in somo sbape or othor " wore the lust words of a literary friend as I wns just leaving Now Zealand for a s.hort visit to that important colony. In tho same way a Now South Welsh man did me tho honor to sav that mv "im- proBiions of those colonics " would bo interoat- iug. "We naturally liko to know what ontsidera thluk of our country," he added, "and a Now Zaalandor is proporly an outsider. Victorians are subject to conditions and surroundings similar to our own. To n New Zealandcr there mnst ho much that is novel." And ao indeed there is, although I fear my visit was too hasty to do othoc than merely give the result of somo passing observations. When one man nsked for my " opinions" and another for my "impressions," I really do not know whether both were ia different language demanding the samo thing. Bat there is a wide distinc tion, of course — at losct I suppose there is, for 1 profess no knowledge on tho subject. I take it that an impression is an idea instanta neously, or any rato vory swiftly, stnmped upon the mind by external circumstances. An opinion, on tho other hnnd, is, or ought to bo, the result of a process by which tho mind analyses, distinguishes nnd deduces uutil it arrives nt a certalu erroneous something which it puts forward, ns in the present case, with very groat coufidenco as the trath, the whole truth and nothing but tho truth. In the one case nature does the work almost alono ; in the other she is largely assisted by a man's acquired knowledge training and mcntnl habits. Ilencc it is that a man's opinions aro generally wrong and his impressions mostly right. I daresay tbeso definitions of mine will upon inquiry turn out to be nonsense, but for the putpose iu view that does not matter. Sir Walter Scott makes a shrewd charactor say that nonsense ia often "very good law," although a great legal lumi nary ouce in his haste said that law was the' "perfection of common sense." It may therefore huppen that my nonsensical definitions convey to the mind of the reader a very intelligiblo idea. In any case 1 shall in these cursory letters mix up my impressions and my opinions, and if the latter are pronounced to bo goncrally wrong I shall accept the verdict with great good-naturo. It seems to mo that for some time past everything connected with Victoria has been found "interesting," evoryono coming thence is interviewed, and individual opinions which on any othor subject would he re-, gardod ns of no great value, aro treated with much respect. Now South Wales is for the moment forgotten. Tho reason, I take it, is that Victoria just now is associated In men's minds with tho notion of money ; of hugo for tunes suddeuly acquired ; of miraculous trans lations from extrouic poverty to considerable or enormous wealth. A few stories from Victoria havo the same interest that attaches to a chapter from Bonis Stevenson's "Troasuro Islanl" or Rider Haggard's " King Solomon'3 lliues." A poor but houust man had a market garden somo miles from Melbourne, when one fine morning a man appeared and offered him £10,000. This sort of thing has no doubt been occurring, but whether or no, it power fully affects the imagination as regards Victoria. Yet Hew South Wales is quite as Interesting a country — perhaps moro so. They who nro interested solely in morbid national conditions will confine themselves to Victoria (under present circumstances I mean), just aB somo observers of human nature confine themselves to the morbid conditions presented in the lunatic asylums. Tbe waters of Victorian society have been for somo tiino subject to a deep-sente'd agitation which has not been operating in New South Wales. Take away the froth, however, and the conditions are almost entirely the same. Both aro interesting conn- tries, destined in tho time to como to be groat and powerful ; destined it may bs to a lifelong rivalry ; each with capitals that are perfect marvels for the period of their existence ; each supporting a people whoso restless energy is probably exceeded in no quarter of the world. Many Tears ngo I lived in and knew something of Victoria, and ever since I havo had a curious tendency to consider myself a Victorian living in New Zealand. No sooner had I landed in Melbourne than it was swiftly borne in upon mo that I was a New Zealandcr visiting a perfectly strange country. All was new. The streets were rebuilt. Fami'ar land marks weio nil gone. The suburbs had ex tended themselves into the city, or the city bad extended itself into the suburbs — I really don't know which. There were the tamiliar suburban names, but the places themselves scorned to havo got mixed np, or to have shifted their sites, nnd I approached them by a route that wns wholly un familiar to me. Tho once opon fields were covered with buildings, and tho one-time solitary sail np the Yarra is now but a water way through a swarm of human life. Victoria being a comparatively small colony, the railway avstem seems to be almost complete. A few hours would take one to a remote sheep station whortce in the old days I took a mob of sheep to Mol bourne— a successful trip only occupying seven weeks. It seemed to me that tho very climate had altered. It may have been fancy- tliough if so, it was an odd one in a man hail ing from a country where yon can skate in win ter and whore curling clubs flourish as they do in Scotland, but it certainly appeared to me that tbe climate bad got cooler for the time of year than it was of old. I even thought that the prevailing style of dress, alike of men and women, indicated the fact. It may he that cultivation, the storage of water and the wholesale destruction of the eucalyptus— which some people contend to bo worse than no timber at all — have in somo trifling degree affected tbe general temperature. Or tho increased shelter afforded by the build ings, together with improved appliances for maintaining comfort in the city, may have made the difference. Or my opinion may have beeti affected by the memory of the scorching hot winds under whioh, in tbe old time. I have gasped in the Btreots of Melbourne. Whatever the explanation may be, I am disposed to reject that which was somewhat flippantly offered by an acquaintance : "Don't you know, my dear follow," ho said, " that ovory sensation of com fort or discomfort in this world has its Bonrco in the human stomach 1 Take your liquor without ice, and you'll find the climato as hot as over it was." In tho matter of temperaturo it is really odd how people deceive thoinselves. In Ballarat I mot an old Duucdin acquaintance who had been quartered there for somo six or eight months. I a3kod him how he liked the great mining city. " I would liko it first rate," he gravely replied, "if it wore not for the cold." " Cold 1" I said in astonishment : 'yon mean tho heat, surely." "Not at all," was the answer : " 1 mean the cold. For tbreo months after I came over here I could not keep myself warm. The place is 1500ft. above sea level." The distance abovo sea lovel had evi dently settled the question, II. The first thing that strikes the New Zaalauder landing in Melbonrno just now is the everlast ing stream of humanity that pours along the main streets. You seo the throng surging down Bonrke-street in an evening and you wonder where on earth they all cotno from and what they can possibly find to do. I had a Bimple notion in my head that Princes-street, Dunedin, on Saturday nights— and especially during holiday periods— was apt to bo crowded, but at its best it supplies a mere driblet com pared to the human volume in Bonrke-street at any time or in Collins-streot during tbe day. The crowds not only find something to do. but they evideutlv have very little time to do it in, judging by the feverish haste with which they push along the streets. To what extent the land boom and the exhibition contri bute to the throng I cannot soy, hut as a'( radius of eight or 10 miles from the centre of Melbourne can supply sotno half ti million of people. I daresay the condition is normal. With difficulty you pilot your way along the street. If yon want to cross from one side to the other you have to watch your clianco, tako advantage "or a clear gangway and feel silently thankful when yon arrive iu safety. The trams seem to chase one another along nil the main streets. Vory comfortable aud well- appointed cable trams they are; running ainoothly, at a fair rale of speed, and losing not a moment in taking up or lotting down passengers. The train system In Melbourne is about the only iu9til.ut.ion I have over known at which there was no cavilling or grumbling. Tbe Melbourne people are evidently proud of it. I felt bound to assent to ali their eulogies, hut with an air of indifference Iu«ed to add, " Yes, they tire very fine trams. We bare had tho cable system "for botoo years in Dunedin. Your general manager came: fromy there." Most people were too polite to contradict me. but tho statement did not go down as readily as would he warranted by the truth of it. Of pourso when ft stranger docs get into a Mel bourne tram for the first limo it is to go to the exhibition. And a wonderful exhibition It is. Tho first thought that strikes yon is one of amassment that a city 50 yonr.i old could play o conspicuous a part in tbe industrial 1 ifo of tho world. Next you begin to wonder where vou are, whotheryon will ever again be able to find particular objects that have attracted your at tention. Every one on the occa«lon of his first visitltakos careful hearings so that he may find j the front entranco without trouble, nnd after valid' unsuccessful attempts be igiiotuiniously fat Is bat'k upon a policeman, who generally in- forms him that he is at tho wrong end of the building, but will get right in tftse if be only follows his directions. I snpposa that every one starts with tbe virtuous inten tion of doing the exhibition "systematically," aud probably ho goes provided with a note book for the purpose. The hopeless labyrinths of interesting objects soon convince bimthat system is out of the question. The thought occurs at this point that perhaps tin best plan would be to CrBt of all start aimlessly through the courts, and after you have had a general view take them in detail. Ab a general rule, however, it ends as it began— in the Btrolling style. But every visit you make you seo some thing new, though the visiting may go on for weeks togethor. "I sitpposo you enjoyed most of all tho pic tures and the music V is what nearly sveryouo says to mo on the subject of tho exhibition. There is a subtle sort of flattery in the sugges tion. It implies the possession of much cul ture, of esthetic tastes, and of a fine discrimi nation, I am always conscious of a very strong desire to reply that I enjoyed them above aught else. As a matter of fact, however, while I never was tired of wandering through the picture galleries, I cared but little for the music. Someonotold me I required to bo "educated up to it," nnd as I have no education at all in musical matters I am very willing to believe that such is the case. Nevertheless there is some thing about It all that I don't quite understand — I mean about the education theory, 1 have had no education in art and know nothing about pictures, yet tho pictures in the loan gallery were an everlasting delight. Why should not tho music be the same? They should both appeal to the emotions, both plea- surably excite the imagination : strike some sympathetic chord in tho soul — no one, Ieup- supposo, knows how or wtiv. An ordinary reader ia not " educated " up to any particular standard in poetry, yet thousands of ordinary people havo a genuine love For tho truly poetic. I suspect that the judgment of tho mass of mankind is not to tie despised in nny branch of eithetics. The highest pinnacle in poetry, for instance, has heou reached in Shakespeare, yet Shakespeare is enthroned in the hearts and intellects of the mass as well as of the cultured few. It was in vain the critics cavilled at "Gray's Elegy." Wordsworth undertook to show (and never did it) that the language of the poem who luuntelliffiblc. A ponderous oncomiurahvns wruuif from tho reluctant Dr. Johnson. Originality was deuicd not only to Gray's ideas but to bis rery language. But the public mind fatonod upon the elegy, and the judgment of the dar has stood the test of time —will stand it probably to the end. Burns is tbe poet of the working classes, not because be was a working man himself, but because he is a great poet whom they understands Intelligibility counts for a vast deal, music at the ex- hibition failed because for the most p&rt; It was unintelligible even to tho great majority of those who Attended, When simplicity was the leading feature of the piece selected tho applause wny genuine j otherwise it was feeble euough, If the highest form of music has to struggle with tho intollect while on it# way to the aoul, I atn afraid a good many of us nrc doomed to go through life without oxperiencintr the delights of tbo'highcst form of tnusic. When wo have to grapple with the poets as we do with the mathematicians I shall give up poetry too. I went to Mr. Cowen's own oratorio of "Kutn, expecting tborc at least something grand, solemn simple, -.ns would become the enbjsct. The beautiful story of Ruth was vividly before my mind at tho commencement, but it gradually faded and nltinmtoly disappeared in tho awful janrde of the music. I heroically sat out the first part and then left, ns did a companion who was by no me.mB lacking iu musical apprecia tion. We were told afterwards that the best music is in tho second part nnd thut we hud missed "a treat," which was just like my luck. Mr. Gowen, however, must bo in many respects 0 wonder. The training ho has given to and the command he has acquired over so many hundreds of people iuso Rbort a apaco of tiino is a work of genius. Wtiat is wrong is that be is a great musician himself aud does not understand tho wants of those humble mortals who simply lore molod.y and cannot detect it when it is wrapped up in frenzy. I suppose no ouo would think of going to Swin burne or Browning to get selections from the poets, unless, like Mr. Gilead P. Beck in "The Goidon Butterfly " they were to prepare by putting their heads under the pump and other wise fortifying themselves for the ordeal, A detailed description of any portion of the exhibition would be out of place here ovoii if I had tho time and spneo at command. No one can possibly visit it without picking np a good deal in the way of knowledge of industrial pro- cross of which ho was not possessed before ; nor can anyone fail to bo struck with tho restless energy wltn which the nations of the world are pursuing tho "fruitful strifes and rivalries of peace." If the visitor reflect#— as no doubt he wiU that commercial supremacy must rest somewhere, ond he is disposed to ask with which of the competing uations it is most likely to find a dwelling place, with all the evidence before him, nnd in spite of all we occasionally hear to tho contrary, he will find some difficulty in passing over Great Britain. III. When a few days hare been spent in Mel bourne aud the exhibition tolerably explored ; when the various pnblic institutions and the parks and gardens havo been duly visited, one has some time to note the evidences of the land boom, which aro to be found in evory direction. You see these ovideuces in the faces of a good many of the people ; in tho conversations that go on around ; in the closely packed advertise ments of the various newspapers ; in tho con stant auctions and the crowds about the rooms ; and in the boards scattered nil over the suburbs, which seem to advertise every spare nook and corner for sale. A New Zealandcr has this advantage over some of h'u neighbors— he has seen the whole thing before: tho process of land booming is more or less familiar to him. What is a land boom ? I asked the question of two very intelligent business men In Melbonrno, ond I got very diflleient answers, though thoy were both perfectly reconcilable : "A land boom," said one, "is a condition in which you buy land, cut it up, nnd— whew I— away it goes, God knows where." u A land boom," said tbe other, a shade of anxiety, I thought, passing over his face, "is a'time when you havo got to be cautious what you are about." It was curious that neither gave the answer that might be ex- pected— nuraclv, that it was a condition of high 14 prosperity" in which land sella for a great deal more than it is intrinsically worth. Tho fact is that at the very height of it every one felt that there was a certain unsubstantiality about it all. The intensity, if I mav use tfie sxpresuion, of a laud boom is by no menus the measure of a country's proabcritr ; but it cortainly indicates a basis of prosperity within, at any rate, the limits of the boom— that limit being, in the present case, Melbourne and the suburbs. A boom bears tbe Same rotation to prosperity that >i high stato of nervous exaltation does to a coudition of healtbr. enduring activity. Large produc tion, a fair amount of wisdom in the adminis tration of public affairs, and ordinary prudence in private expenditure, are the main factors of prosperity. Something olae steps in to turn that prosperity into a boom. That something is a condition of tho human mind, a condition which recurs at intervals, u sort of instability— an in- capacity to know wheu to stop and to let well alone. ' But as already said, there is a basis of genuine prosperity at the bottom of a boom. Speculation in land, as in anything else, can only exist by virtue of the co existence of the genuine demand. I, for instance, purchase a section of land and sell it nt a profit to Smith, Smith resells at a profit to Brown ; Brown passes it on to Jones, and Jones to Robertson, who, however, builds upon it. Hobiuson was tbo genuine man, and his renl anxiety to get a piece of land enabled the others to speculate. Take awny Robiuaou aud the occupation of the others is gone ; remove the genuine demand, and speculation instantly dies. It is quite pos sible and it frequently happens that the land may not reach Robinson at all— -in direct Hue, I mean— through Smith, Brown and Jones. He may take fright and hang back for a bit. The land has got to Jones, who looks about for Kobinson, and finds, in some alarm, that he is not there. He dees not want tho land himself, nnd otgerly tries to piBS it on without any profit j tbeu, in despair, ho offers It at a loss. So. amid general disaster, tbe land finds its true value, wbieh bring# Ro binson to the front again. Of course there are numbers of Robinsons, genuine men, who arc not «o fortunate as this particular one. They get their land— properly "sweated," no doubt \--and after building upon it, find their bills and interest rtltoeether too much for them. Probably tbey th'en recognise the truth of the axiom that " fools build houses and wise men (after a bit) live in them." I spent the evening with an old New Zealand friond of mine— a shrewd, hard-beadel Scotchman, now at the head of an important business institution in Melbourne. Ho wao living in a substantial- looking brick cottage in one of tho suburbs, bnt complained (rather unwarrantably, I thought) of the discomfort of the place. "Why don't von buy ft section and build ?" I said. "No," he paid'reflectively, " I thiuk I'll wait for a year or two and buy— cheap— a big house with a tower on It." For towers are all the race in bouses now going up in Melbourne. I have already said thatNew Zoalauders have a curious sense of familiarity with the various phases of the boom. They have seen it in their owij colonv during tho Inst decade. But there is this important difference— and it is one which will prevent the collapse in Melbourne from being either a# sudden or as complete as in New Zea land— that whereas in our colony tho boom embraced all kinds of land— town, suburban aud rural, in-Victoria it is confined to -tho two former alone. As far as I could judge, country land# have never approached the prices 'that wero current in Now Zealand during the mania. Indeed, I havo known tussock land here, not of the very best de scription and scarcely within railway communi cation, realise nearly double the money per acre paid for a magnificent Improved estate situate iu one of tho finest portions of Victoria. Two pounds per acre is a common twice now for unimproved selections in Victoria and New South "Wale# : desperately dry country, it is tru.\ bnt excellent grazing and magnificent soil. 1 have sei»n the same class of hind here rn«hed At £5. Purely Agricultural lands within a certain distance of Melbourne have changed hands at extraordinary prices, but thcy have been near enough to enjoy a sort of reflection of the boom. But the Victorian farmer has kept hi# head, and lu\3 listened to the stories of Mel bourne land speculation as phenomena with which he was in no way specially concerned. Indeed, he is much more iutcrcsted in the ques tion of protection, aud, with a stolid logic which is oot easily upset, want# to know why he should not bo protected a# well as the manufacturer. A bounty on wheat and 26 percent, on imported grain ts his heart's deoire. Of the boom itself I need not enter into details. Every Melbourne letter give# them, and the accounts lor the most Sirt arc true enough, Thero was a sulo at righton Beach, which id full nine miles from Melbourne and can scarcely be culled a suburb, and the laud, of which a large area was sold, averaged about £12 por foot. In places a little nearer town it was about £2U per foot, vising iu value all tbo way to the city until it reached from £1700 to £2060 per foot— a higher price, someone told me, than he had over known land bring in Manchester. While sites in the chief thoroughfares of the city may always be ex pected to retaiu a very high value, it ia impos sible that tho prico can be maintaiucd in the suburbs. Before I left Melbourne the sales were sensibly falling off ; a vast deal of very doubt ful papor was floating about, and I had reason to bcliere a good deal of anxiety wns beginning to be felt by the numberless land banks and syndicates, as well an by private speculators who wero u in tbe swim." Lack of confidence is always the first downward indication. Then the banks contract their operations ; institu tions and individuals who have capital locked up in unprofitable land get into difficulties ; building and improvements cease; workmen and others who have crowded into the town are thrown out of employment ; lawyers and other business firms, who have bad to provide for the sudden expansion, reduce their staffs, and general distress prevails; agitation of tho unemployed arises out of the ashes of prosperity, nnd the colony settles down into n period of depression, until honest production aud general economy, together with a gradual weeding out of the insolvent, lead tho way to commercial sound ness again. It is not so many year# ago since Victoria was deeply depressed and tho unemployed at the doors of the Treasury. Recently she has had her heyday, and is probably now on the downward slope again, when, just as probably, other colonics aro emerging from the gloom. Yet under all the vicissitudes, progress is continually going on — a fact which is forcibly brought home to us when we reflect that exactly 60 years ago half-acre sections in the heart of Melbourne were reduced from £7 to £6 to moot the necesaitios of the time, A wonderful country, truly, IV. I do not knotr whether the curious fact I am about to notice is the result of tbe boom, but I cannot otherwise account for it— I mean the profound indifference of tho people to politics, politicians and tbe course of legislation gene rally. No ono seemed to know or care about wltat was going on in Parliament. I take it that the public must have excitement from somo source, and they very frequently get it from Parliament, in which case their atten tion is naturally directed there. But a superior form of excitement proceeding from any other quarter will concentrate attention, aud this, I fancy, the boom ban done. Compared with the distractions of tho boom Parliamentary affairs were dull and tame; just as the boom Itself would give way for the time to the Cup, But wbatovcr the cause, I waa truly as tonished nt tho general indifference to public affairs. A friend of mine was dining out in Melbourne, and happening to ask the names of the members of Government, not a soul at the table could give them correctly. But I waa still more astonished with a display of ignorance not so easily accounted for. When travelling in a railway carriage on mv way to ICerang I bad for a companion an intelligent-looking man, whose knowledge of tbe weather and the crops, togethar with his appearance, led ine to con clude that he was a farmer. "Who is your Minister of Lands in Victoria ? " I asked, aftor some general conversation, " Oar Minister of Lands — let me eeo,'it used to be M'Phornoo Grant. He was a grand fellow was Grant, but he was fond of the hot--—" "Yes," I broke in, rather astonished, "but nurely that was 16 or 20 years ago. I remember Grant myself. But who is tho mnn now ?' 1 " Ob, it's one of the GUlies crowd." " No doubt," I said, with a persistence, which I felt was truly unpardonable; "but which of them?" "Well," he said, "the fact is, — me if I know. I havn't been paying attention to tbeso things. But we could soon find out." It was clear that no political information was to be got from that quarter. It was with a good deal of interest that I wended my way to Parliament in order to seu what manner of men were engaged in the work of legislation. My intention was to spend sovcral evenings there aud follow tho debutes, but I was disappointed, in so far as the nature of the business then going on — stone walling — held out no attractions to n visitor whose time wa# limited. In tho Yictoriuu Legislative Chamber there is no space set apart for visitors behind the Speaker's chair, nor is there much room for tho attendance of the public anywhere else. The chamber itself, indeed, struck me a# curiously small, especially a# compared with that in New Zealand. If the membors wero all iu their places they would be closely packed, nor have they any desks before them or o'her conveniences for note-taking. A»I looked round the Victorian Chamber and lisfcensd to what was going on I could not help thinking that the intellectual calibre of tho House is not what it was of old. I am -aware that'the same thing is said of every Parliament, and. that oiie has got to be careful not to he led away by tricks of recollectiou ; for it cau hardly be that while progressive evolution is goingon in every other intellectual sphere, that of Par liamentary representation snould be the solo exception. Nor can extension of the suffrage account in Victoria for tbe nlleged evil, for manhood suffrage, as far as I know, lias always existed there, i et I thought of It. D, Ireland, of Aspin&tl;, of Higinbothaui, of Gavan Duffy, of O'Shauglincssy and of T. II. Follow#, and it seemed to mo that these men had no representatives now. It would appear, also, that a class of men easily find seats in Victoria who, from mere prejudice, 'would not have the ghost of a chance in New Zealand. I mean land speculators and syndicate men. I by no moan# say this in disparagement, for I daresay they arc among the ablest in the Vic- toriau House. I merely chrouicle the fact because it struck me. It would be pretty nearly as easy for a camel to go through the eye of a necdlo' as for such men to get a seat in New Zealand. A year or two ago we might hnve smuggled them into the Upper House perhaps, much as, according to Byron, King George the Third slipped iuto bcaveu ; bnt the freo aud independent in New Zealand irreverently dub them land shark# and will have none of them. It is odd, too, that thoy find so congenial a soil in democratic Victoria. I have already said they were stonewalling, or paving tbo way for it, tbe night I was in the House. Visions of Sydney Taiwhanga involuntarily rose up before me. He would havo been- a God-send to them, especially with his interpreter beside him, for interpreta tion makes stonewalling easy. A new electoral bill was. the cause of the disturbance, the Oppo sition declaring that in the proposed redistribu tion of seats Government supporters were unduly favored to the disadvantage of Opposi tionist#. The speakers were noarly ail from the Opposition side, tbe Govcrnmcut and their followers having apparently determined that they would not reply. This line of action seemed to be entirely snccessfnl, if one might judge by the wrath it elicited. The principal speech in the oarly portion of the evening was from Mr. James Muaro, an elder.ly man of good physique, with a strong Celtic twang, nnd, I should judge, an exceedingly Celtic temperament. There was but little abont the electoral quostion in hi# speech, but be bauccd away at the Government in a sort of general way. without, I fancy, hurting thom very much. Later on Colonel Smith took up tho cudgels, and imported more argument into his speech. It was with a good deal of curiosity that I waited for Mr. David Gaunsou, whom I saw preparing to got np. His sole object, too, was apparently to harry the Government, but it was a clever speech, very fluently delivored, good- natured withal. The extreme youthfulness for which he was once diotinguiihedlis gone, but 'a youthful exuberauco of temperament i# there still and will probably remain to the end. Tact, I imagine, as well as sobriety of speech is not ably lacking. Ho succumbs readily to the dangerous temptation of pitching into both sides— a weakness very apt to co-exist with a sharp tongue and a keen sense of humor. " If the country knew its business," he declared. 15 three-fourths of tho nreiient members should never be sent back," or words to that effect. Naturally. the sentiment was received with silent diifavor. For all I know it might have been true, but it wan not jndiifiou#. But I could pass an honr pleasantly enough at auy time listening to Mr. Gaunson. He is by no means one of those who Observe their tnood on whomihe jests, Thu quality of persons, and the thiie. ' . Such men may not always succeed in politics, but they are generally interesting. Ask any ono in 'Victoria—among those who attend to politics at all— about the Ministry, and tho invariable answer is, " Gillies and Deakin are clever fellows." It seemed to me ns if the others didn't count. If the French king could say, "lam the State," quite as justly, ono would think, could Messrs. Gillies and Deakin sav, "We are tho Government." Mr. Gillies is Premier, Treasurer, Minister of Railways and of Mines. A smooth- shaven, florid, well-pre served, elderly man, of the Brothers Cheeryble tvpe in npnc&rancQ;, but with a certain "know ing" look about him that absolutely prevents ono carrying the comparison any further. Kasy-going and self- containod is Mr. GUlle#, upon whom vituperation falls like water on a duck's back. "When I was there Mr. Munrn alluded to him as "a cunuing old fox," an expression which the mild and do- precating Speaker made liim withdraw. Ishould aav the expression made up in truth what It lacked in propriety. To pet the better of Mr. Gillio'in politic? one would have to got up at an uncomfortably early hour in tho morning. I wa# unfortunate in not hearing him apeak, but I gioutly ndtnircd the skilful way in which he hold# his tongue. It ia one of the most valuable qualities in politics. Mr. Deakin i? Chtof Secre tary and Minister of Water Supply, and from tho little I saw and heard of him I should take bizn to be the debater of the Government. The Government, as everyone knows, is of the coalitiou order, ond a successful example of one, They have lmd a long lease of power, and the general election will probably gtvo them another, owing mainly, I think, to tbe utter de moralisation of the Opposition. The Electoral Bill propose# to add considerably to the num ber — a fact which is a# good an indication of national prosperity as anything I know. When tlie hour of adversity comes there will be a bowl for reduction, a# ii tho case with ourselves now. V- While my Blind wne running on the question of Parliamentary oratory I fell that it would not do to leave Melbourne until I heard a'oine oratory of a totally different kind and seen a notable man with whose name and repute I was familiar enough. It was on a lovely Sunday forenoon that I took my way to tho " Austra lian Church" in Flinders-street, to bear tho Rev. Charles Strong. The building is large, iuternally comfortable and bright-looking, though economy has been closely studied iu the construction. The church wns well supplied with ushurs, who were very careful to provide seats for s-ranger?. The congregation might have numbered 800 or more. Everyone is familiar with the story of Mr. Strong'— how he got in,to troublo with tbe orthodox, who harassed and worried him until he had to leave the chnrcb, ultimately getting this one built for himself, inteuded, I suppose, to be the prototype of the Australian church of tho future. Of the 2000 odd churches of Victoria it is so far the only ono of the kind. I should judge that Mr. Strong has now very good times of it indeed. He has a well-appointed church, a rich congregation, with full liberty to keep within or without tbo pule of ortho doxy just as ho pleases, while as for 9ynods or prosbyterios he can snap his finger# at them I bake possession of man# mind nud dcoii, I care uot whut the eeots tuny brawl ; I sit as God, holding uo form ol arced, But contemplating all. I don't know that it is altogether fair to him to say that this Is the sort of iuwnrd reflection that passe: through his mind, but I daresay it is an approach to it. NorVouhl I for a moment imply thnt lie will yet cry for "a cottage in tbo vale," in place of tbe structure that he has reared for himself. From a printod card that wrb hung up on the watl close to whore I was sitting, I gathered that the "basis of uniou" was—" The worship of God in spirit and truth; tho preaching of tho Gospel of Christ ; and the promotion nnd practice of the religious life of faith, hope and lovo." The service wns a sort of blend of the Presbyterian and Anglican, vary judiciously struck out. I thought-— simple and impressive. There were hymns, short prayers f which might be extem pore if desirca, 6ut which Mr. Strong him self read), chants aud £he usual sermon. Mr. Strong is a fiife-featurcd, intellectual-looking man, apparently about ;IU years of age, poesibly more, ilia voice was denf us a bell, heard without effort on Uj? throughout tho church. The sermon Was from the text, " Woo unto you when all men' shall spcuk well of you," chosen, no doubt, with some rogard to the re viling# that had beeni poured on his own head. It was read, but so tvoll aud skilfully that he appeared to bo preaching, extemporarily — .a clear, strong, perfectly-expressed exhortation, full of just observation, and displaying a keen insight into the working of tbo human heart. Whatever else Mr. Strong may be, he ia at any- rate Xo Sabbath drawlsr of old saw# Dlstill'd from some worm-cankered bomily. Perhaps I ought to say, while admitting freely that the service throughout commended itself to my own iutclJect, that I was conscious of a certain colduwss about it for which I could not account, but which suggested to me thut if Mr. Strong himself wero removed from tho church tho whole organisation would full to pieces. But I left with a great admiration for the talents of the preacher, and an equal respect for tlie man. Tlie vieitg I have been describing were not carried out during a continuous stay in Mel bourne, but were pleasantly interrupted by journeys into the interior, for which purpose the railway communication affords almost per fect facility. The railway to Teraucr, from which place it is under construction to Warr- nambool, takes you through the very heart . of the finest portion of the far- famod Western district, a country which, though dry iu summer, iB not much troubled by" serious droughts. The grasB was magnificent, nnd as green as iu tbe Tnieri Plain at the present momeat. The cattle are very fine, and the meriuo sheep probably reigns auprome all over tho world. Two noted flocks I saw— that of Thomas Shaw, Esq., Woorlwyrite, where fineness of fibre in the wool has been cultivated to a fault, aud the fleece whiter iu the grease than most people can scour it ; and Sir Samuel Wilsou's at Ercildoun, nearer Ballarat- a flock much more in the fashion, the sheep larger, the wool weightier, but softness itself. Farming in the Western district, except perhaps about centres like Warrnambool, takes quite a secondary place, the whole district being for the most part in larco estates. I suppose it is the case all over the world that where uature doe# most for a district people are not disposed to do very much for themselves. This occurred to me in connection with. tree-planting, which is not carried on in the western district to any thing like the same extent that it is iu even the poorer parts of Otago aud Canterbury. A friend of mine to whom I mentioned the matter gave a different reason. "Wo plant trees in New Zealand," ho said, "for tho same reason that wo build houses — to protect our lives. If we did not build we would perish of cold ; aud if wc did not plant we would be blown away." Perhaps he was right. When I was about starting for a drive in the interior, a Victorian friend hesitated to accom pany us, because, he 6aid, looking at the Heavens, "I think it's going to blow." A gentle breeze was pausing and dying in the trees, a positive zephyr, such as would make the perfection of a holiday in New Zealand. The Adelaide express, the most comfortable railway train in which I ever sat, will take you through Victoria in a north-westerly direction ; and the Sydney express will do the same for the north-eact. By the former you pass through the beautiful city of "Ballarat ; aud by tbe latter, through the "Kelly" country, of unpleasant memory. Through the very heart of Victoria the raifwav take# you to Echuca on the border, or, diverging at Sandhurst, you can co to Kerang, from which place the line is under construction to Swanhill on the Murray U«re vou are in the regiou of the broiling sun, and in the land of drought# and irrigation, aboutwhicb I may have a few words to say when I um in New South Wales, to which place, indeed, I shall have to start at once. The train leaves Melbourne for Sydney in tho evening, and arrives there about noon next day. The car riages are comfortable, nnd so are tbo beds, if you are fortunate enough to secure one, which I managed to do by telegraphing a day or two before to tbe ptation-master at Albury, where you leave tbe Melbourne for the Sydney train. One's notion of the requisite# of sleep are apt to get revolutionised by familiarity with sleeping-cars. The gcnoral idda is that still ness is essential to sound sleep. In railway travelling, however, yoii cau doze off uicely while the train is battering and clang ing away, but tbe instant it stops vou are broad awako again. So mnch of tbe journey being passed through the night, a great deal of tbe country is not seen. It is not really of great cousequence, so much sameness is there about it. You get tired of the eternal eucalyptus. A New Zealander is apt to miss tho platforms at cither end of the carriage to which hois accustomed in his own colony, and ou which, wbon he is tired of rending, he can step out anil, look about or pleasantly smoke. Tho.doors of the carriages in Australia arc all at the side, as iu the old country, but I discovered afterward# thnt even wero there open platforms as with us they could not be enjoyed, owing to the rate of speed, which, on tho Sydney express, at times reaches 50 miles au hour, or very close to it. The men- tion of our own railways reminds me that thoy are spoken of with great contempt by Aus tralians who have seen and travelled by them. An Irish contractor was a fellow-traveller with ine to Sydney, aud at tho mention of our rail ways it "was with the most genuine comempt that he pronounced them to be " trash." Yet I myself mentally recalled them with great com placency, recognising in them evidence of a true and wine oconomv, which it would havo been well had we exercised in every other branch of public expenditure. Hcavy;broud-gauge double lines, wii.u expensive carriages and a fiigh rate of speed, would be vory pleasant of courts, but the colony could not afford it. Asitia now, we have about as many miles of railway in New Zealand as tb#v havo alike iu Victoria and New South Wales, although' only a littlo more than half the population of cither of them. New Zealand has about 1850 miles of railway, the average cost per mile being under £9000. In Victoria 1900 miles have been con- strustcd at an average cost of about £14,000, and New South Wale# over 2000 miles at £11,000. New Zealand ban done for tome 1» milllona of money what ha# cost tho other colo nies double the Amount. Let us admit at once that New Zealand railways are poor, and bo thankful that they traverse the country so well. Where we have erred is in overdoing railway construction— letting it, In fact, out run the population and thn trade. I suspect tbe same is tho case in Now South Wales, for although tho population is as great a# in Victoria, or greater, tho main lines in the former colony— as the lino to Bourke for instance— traverse iuimanBe areas of sparsely populated pantoral country, which can yield no really profitable traffic for year# to come. Vic toria, ou tbe other bund, in the matter of rail way construction gain# immensely by its com paratively small size, its compactness, the dis tribution of its totvna and tho absence of competing water carriage. I must confess, too, that I have my doubts ns to whether New Zealand railways are so b«rdly mnnaced a# so many New Zeulandcr# would have us believe. The ralhvavs pay as well, or rather lose as little, as the Now South wales lines. Serious accidents seem to be not tin cotntnon both in Victoria and New South. Wales, n very serious ono having occurred in either colony while I was there, while they may be said to be unknown in New Zealand Punctuality, too, is certainly not a distinguish log feature of the railways in Australia ; in Now Zealand they run to a minute. I was over an hour Into, without apparent cause, coming down from Ballarat to Melbourne, and noarly . two hours late on the present occasion arriving in Sydney. Indeed, in ever) railway journey I took in Victoria I noticed tho aamo thing, Railway boards are all ttho rage. They had just got a new com missioner -in Sydney wheu 1 was there, and great things wore expected of him. I BUggest, however, with becoming modesty, that what.ia wanted there, as in Nov. Zealand, is to slaok off railway conxcruction until settlement increases and trade expands. I really do not know how I was led into all this digression, if such it U, but m a long railway journey it ;# natural that one should talk railway matters Indeed, I would have said a good deal more on tho same subject were it not that i was interrupted by being called to observe the thickening oopul&« tion and other indications that wo wero at the end of our by no mean# unpleasant journey 