NOTES UPON ADDITIONS TO THE ? :? MtJSaUftL ENTOSrOXOOIST'S DEPARTMENT. He Tepper . baa had some zaaloos friends at work, and an immense number of insects has been sent down. Unluckily some of the moat interesting and rare kinds have been 'smashed in trans mission. I think the bast mode of send ing or packing would be in a mustard-tin, fruit or fish can, or something. that will bear a little pressure. Bill the insects first, either by wrapping them .separately in a piece of paper and plunge them id boiling water for two minutes, or else* by placing them in a cloae vessel, with some cyanide, of potassium. Then put in a layer of bras or sawdust, next a layer of insects, separated. Cover with, a little sawdust or bran, and so on till the recep tacle is filled. Cottonwool is a very bad packing for insects, because it gets en tangled with their logs, &c.;, and breaks them into shreds. Zeuzera acacfo is a large moth, closely related to that which devastates the eucalypts of oar Park Lands, but confines its attentions to wattles and allied species of plants. It is much rarer than Z. eucalypti, and not well represented in the Museum. Unfortunately . the specimens Bent were hopelessly mutilated and broken in transit on account of defective packing, Acropeza reticulata is a curious member of the Grylh'dce, the males being gifted with large and long wings, -whilst the females are wingless, though provided with large wingcovera, which amply, invest the bulky abdomen. When alarmed, these covers are raised suddenly, and then dis play the brilliantly red-and-blue banded body. As bright colours in the insect world usually denote inedibility, they serve as a warning to birds, &c;, and thus protect the otherwise unarmed insect. The species extends at least as far north as Bundaleer, where it was taken many years ago, but appears to be very local. The large flies, resembling the common ones, but immensely larger, belong to the genuB Butilia, and comprise numerous species, some of which are adorned by brilliant metallic tints. The pup» re semble much-elongated eggs, are brown, and usually found an inch or two beneath the loose soil at the base of trees. The larvae, no doubt, live in the ground, but nothing definite is known of their habits. Laparis triatis (moth), presented by Mr. Pullman, Summerton, is one of the perfect forms of the processional cater pillars. While young these form by spinning a nest-lxke web around them, which tney occupy by day, dispersing for feeding purposes by night, but reassemble in by day, till it becomes choked up by their exuvial and cast skins. Then they are sufficiently grown to dispense with Buch shelter, but congregate in larger and smaller number in heaped up masses at the foot or in forka of trees, under bashes, or within tufts of graBB. They are very hairy and travel in long strings, one touching tie other till mature, when they singly seek a nook. It would be very well if donors who kindly go through all the trouble of pack ing-up and dispatching specimens to the Museum would neither send them alive (except for very short distances) nor loose, or with cotton wool, for if several be put together alive they break each other all to pieces by their struggles ; if dead and loose and dry, or getting dry, during transit they are shaken all to pieces, or at least badly broken, through the ordinary hand ling of mail matter. Cotton wool en tangles the claws, &c;, and thus they are broken off, and the specimen rendered comparatively valueless. The Gryllacria or tree-crickets include some of our most formidable insects, being gifted with most efficient biting powers, though otherwise harmless for man, as they are predatious upon other insects. Some are about 2 inches long in body, furnished with still longer and very ample transparent and net-veined wings and threadlike antenna, exceeding the body two to four times in length. They fly about at night, but seem always to return to their selected station under some bark daring day. Mr. E. S. A. Willis, of DowUngville, sent a considerable number of insects, includ ing some fifteen species of Paropsla, which is a very large genus of peculiarly Austra lian ladybirdlike beetles, some with bril liant but fading colours, but it has not been sufficiently studied to give the name with any certainty. Among the others were the fragments of a very interesting locust mjpniclrjng thin twigs of certain shrubs, and of which the Museum has no good specimen. A number of beelike insects were also received. There is no true bee among them likely to hybridize with the honey bee. PREPAKATEUBS' DEPARTMENT. The Anthozoa specimen sent in by Rev. W. Gray belongs to the Gorgonidae, or what are called the fan- corals, which are rather common in our waters. There are some very handsome species in Port Lincoln Harbour. There is a large field for acme naturalists in describing the gronp Zoophyta, as also in about a dozen other directions connected with the animal life of the two gulfs of South Australia. In mentioning the ray (Uroloptms tes taceus) sent in by Dr. Wylde, the first of the kind that has been recorded for this locality, though known in the eastern colonies, I am desired to state that the Museum is greatly in want of specimens of all rays andsharka taken in our own waters. Small specimens are better than large ones, unless new species. Of coarse by small specimens I do not mean such as are just born or from the ova. The jaws would be acceptable, taken from any kind, large or small, and of those that are too large to send a piece of the skin could be sent. Whenever a jaw is taken out, a piece of the Bkin should be taken and tied up with it. Mr. B. Jagoe sent up the head of a fish, probably caught In Indian waters. It is a relative of the humble herring, and is endowed- with a very short upper jaw, which is compensated by superior length in the under one. The teeth are long and snake-like in form. The Phyllopteryx foliatus is often called the seahorse by oar people, bat that Dame really belongs to the Hippo campus — a much smaller, w''^. The Phyllopteryx foliatos of oar waters was lengthened in name by Count de Castel pan, who added elongatus to it, because it was rather more slender than the varieties found near Tasmania and New Zealand. Another much larger species of Phyllopteryx, named equus, exists in the deeper waters out by the Wedge, Spitby, and other islands. A specimen was caught near. Edithburgh a few years ago, and the catcher thought he would make a fortune from so strange a creature. He wanted £5 for It, bat oar Museum was not rich enough to purchase so great a treasure, and since then it has secured five specimens altogether. Four of these were obtained a few days since during a trawling trip. The animal is about a foot or 15 inches in length, and profusely adorned with double streamers of blue, more like long blue ribbons than leaves. The carpet shark (Croaaorhinua tentaou latus); sometimes called tiger shark, is said to be inoffensive, bat I had an ex perience once with a carpet shark about Si feet long which proved the contrary. It was beneath a ledge of rock and as I stooped to pick up a shell the shark came forward to pick up my hand. Fortunately for me the spaca between the roaf of the ledge and the sand would not allow tiie shark: to get its head high enough, nor could it turn on its Bide. It touched me upon the hind with ita nose, and startled me severely Getting a boat I went back, and had; at least five minutes' close interview with his aharkship, daring the best part of which time I engaged in a f orcible argu ment with him vpoinihe impropriety of potting his nose .where it was not wanted. The arguments, were put very pointedly -with the sheer end of a 9 foot paddle or scull,, -but notwithstanding they were directed at the most vulnerable part — namely, its nose— the shark ultimately rushed off to the deeper water. I have been 'mad' with sharks ever since, and am desirous of forming a Shark dub for their destruction. Mr. Roberta's Diemenia sp. (brown snake) is very light in colour, and may prove upon a cloae examination to be a new, variety of this very common snake; Mr. J. R. Corp's Gymuodactyiua ia the firat.of the species that has come in from Oulnina, thongh it seems to be' common nearly all over the colony. It was found in a backet beneath a joint of meat that was hanging up, but there is not the slightest reason for supposing that it was trying to get at the meat The four eggs' sent in by Mr. ReicHs beith are- supposed to belong- to the Varanos or Lace Lizard, . more often called the iguana in these colonies. In shape and generally in character our iguana resembles the White - throated Begenia or Varan of Southern Africa. The. eggs in question are about 2 inches long by l£ in diameter, white, and of a leathery consistence. I have never before seen or heard of the ova of this lizard being found, nor is at all certain that the eggs how presented are those ; of our Varan, though It is probable, because we know of no other reptile large enough to produce eggs of that size. They are of the same diameter at each end. . Mr. T. Dyke's Antennarius, or Walk ing Fish, is one of . a rather numerous family of extremely curious and comical fishes to be found in the warmer seas of this part of the world, Indian waters particularly. The pectoral fins are unlike those of any other fish, because they have a kind of elbow joint in them, and the fish looks as if Nature had provided it with arms and hands. Ia swimming it appears to be paddling its coarse, and its head is a most comical one. One species found in St. Vincent Gulf, when Mr. Waterhouse so ably fulfilled the duty of Curator of oar Museum, was named by Count de Castlenau ' Chironectes filamen tosus' — I suppose after old Charon, who paddled the ghosts across the Styx. Thi3 fish is covered with filaments of grey colour, and has three curious append ages upon its head. There are three small tubercles. One has a cres cent upon it, attached by a filament, the next has across, or X, attached in the same way, and the third has a long whip upon it, with a tassel at the end. The type specimen, along with a great many others, was returned to our Museum ; but after Mr. Waterhouse resigned the labels and specimens got mixed up, lost, or mislaid, and I have been unable to find them in the present collection of fishes, which is, however, exceedingly well kept by Mr. Zietz, and increasing in number and value daily. 