AT TEE CORNER. [BY MornsBiUTE.] " A chiel'e amnng ye tabin* notes, And, faith, he'll prent it." JEW WALLACE, of Liverpool, has been stirring up with a long pole those gentry who think a newspaper is run from purely philanthropic motives. He says:—The beautiful idea of getting something for nothing is nowhere more readily traceable than in a newspaper office. So much has been spoken, written, and sung about a "free press," that people have come to accept' the term in a sense altogether too literal. If a man has a scheme of any kind germinating, he .just steps into the \- editorial rooms, and details it, with the remark —"I'm not quite ready to advertise yet; but a few words will help me along." He gets the few words, but he never gets ready to advertise. Two tickets, admitting lady and gentleman to a "grand ball," are expected to prodnca quarter column local, and a half column description of the ladies' toilette after the ball is over. . . . Unrecognised, cliquish, hole-and-corner " associations" send in their "business papers" requeBling the preB.nce of a representative to report proceedings, although the "members" never think of becoming regular subscribers to the paper, preferring to peruse it at "the bar." The patent rat-trap man bring6 in one of bis combinations of wire and mouldy cheese bait, sticks it under tbe editor's nose, and explains bow they " catch 'em" every time the spring works. "It's something of interest to the community, and if you put in a piece, save me a dozen papers!" An invitation to "come •down ana write up our establishment" is a great deal more oommon than adouble-column advertisement from the same: firm. Newspapers must be filled with something, you know. The lawyer with strong prejudices againBt advertising is fond of seeing his - cases reported in full in the newspapers, with an occasional reference to the really able manner in which he conducts tbe same. It is cheaper than advertising. In faot, everybody who has an axe to grind asks the newspaper to turn the crank, and forgets to even say thank you, but kindly takeB a free copy of the paper as part payment for furnishing the news. The press being " free," all hands want to get aboard and ride it to death. That's why newspapers are so rich that tbey can afford to pay double price for white paper. • * # How not to do it:—Tenders were called for additions to the public school, South Parramatta, the work to bo begun on 23rd Dec., and a month allowed to do it in, as a wide margin. Of course, the 24th, 26th, 26th, and 27th were holidays. Then came the 31st Dec. and 2nd •Jan., on which no independent artisan will touch a tool. As a natural consequence, the school was not fit to open when the vacation ended, and tbe children are enjoying a com • pulsbrejioliday ot some weeks to dovetail with the Cejjtj^^oia^Hmlidaye of a fortnight. .Toy for The^n". comp. is responsible for the following lib™ " At the Penrith Progress Association (parts there were only 600 parsons present." Great Soot! 600 parsons at a Sheffield Handicap! Why, it beats cockfighting .' » • If one wants to see something funny he has only to stand at the Court House corner and watch the people skedaddle when Sergeant Megarvey goes around with summonses for jurors at an inquest. Brown is in the act of talong afriend into Roberta's. He is talking of the weather and the crops and the pantomime—when he beholds the sergeant sorting oblong pieces of blue paper. Brown suddenly abandons all intentions of " shouting," and has sudden and urgent business in Georgestreet. Smith is having a " pitch " under the shady verandah; he too bolts as if he were trying to win a Ganington stakes. As the <wira Spreads, shopkeepers disappear 'from their counters and bide in casks in the baokyard. Pedestrians seek the sweet secluded shelter of any spot where Metiarrey is not, and all except Preeemen, who hive to *be present and don t mind being called on as " good men and true" to attend, "scoot" out of sight as fast as their legs will carry them. » • c A well meaning, amiable, but awful bore was thug got rid of from an office the other day. The gentleman has a fixed impression that his pleasing conversation helps along the tide of business, and he accordingly takes a chair and talks by the yard, generally at about 11.30 a.m., when most men like to be tbe least disturbed. On this occasion tbe busy man's assistant had taken the bore out and "shouted " as the only means of getting rid of him; but alas! tbe beer was swallowed and tbe bore was about to return to tbe chair be bad usurped. Jnst then, as he stood on the footpath near the office door, "talking on for ever," he espied Sergeant Megarvey on the opposite eide. The Sergeant waenot thinking of him ; but as that genial officer crossed the road in his direction, the bore thought he bad been " spotted," and be made a bee line for the park. He never paused to breathe till he got to May's Hill, and then he went and hid himself till the inquest was over. He did not mind inquests as a rule, for they give him an opportunity of talking;. but he did not liie " viewing " corpses which had been unburied too long. The busy man now subsidises tbe police to pasB his office at a iven signal with blue papers exposed, and the fodge is the most perfect bore-dispeller I have ever heard of. * . *. * Tbe much initialed Smeaton, of the Goulburn Southern Argus, says, in reference to the Castle- Hill ghost and the MSSLCDBT account of its appearance;—"Noghoat with any sort of respect for himself could stand this Bort of thing for long,, and the result no doubt will be that the sorrowing spirit will make all haste to Parramatta,. interview and slay the scribe, and then give himself up to the local police office for protection. Here's a chance for the worthy Latimer, who sub-iuspecte the local blue bottles.- (of course I mean the police) to distinguish himself by arresting a real live ghost of the male persuasion. The Sub. has a good sense of smell when spirits are at large (as witness, his recent capture of an illicit etill near Liverpool), and surely the spirit which is electrifying the Castle Hillites could not evade his keen scent and his "heagle heye" for any length of time. I look anxiously forward to an announce- ment of a gallant arrest of the ghost." Nodoubt tbe much initialed one is an authority on spirits. * * « My little friend in the newspaper HUB whs comes oat every afternoon from his stuccoed, home in George-street has been hatching a. joke till he has addled it. That story he told on Monday about five friends who went boating is old—very old—almost as old as the Castle Hill ghost itself. The trip was made before the shark ate poor Oorkhill, and the party did not take with (Item ten gallons of ale> bot e firegallon keg. Brown, the boatman, -did not; suggest two boats on account of the sue ef one. of tbe excursionists, bat because of die ultimate destination or destiny or location of tbe five gallons aforesaid. But why revive tbe horrors of that awful day so long after we thought it had pasted into oblivion f Did not the wet without compensate for the wet within f And did not the .tain spoil three gallons of Vallack by 'entering the spigot t Sid we not roost on sandbanks, break sheets, and have to pull four miles with that rained keg heavy on onr consciences and boats alike f "Why recall these things? Iqfaadtm, rtffitia, jubes rcttcvare dolorem. • • • , Charles Joseph fears be will/have a dose ehsiveat the next municipal eleotion. Ofoouaai has be not a barber as an opponent f 1 * Detective Boach said he found an alarm clock "going " at "the prisoner Bridger'e house •1. Granville. - The owner' of the clock, 1ft, DM, hidprevtomlyfound it "gOTS." . —Burns. 