TASMANIAN NEWS. (rasa o0a oOWN CORRESPONDENTS.) HOBART, S?PT 28. The annual retreat of" the Roman Catholic 'diocese of HoIart, which Coel menced on Monday eveniong at the ?frhie piscopal Palace'h d'terln?natet 'Thursday, w+e coanuctd by the Revo. W. Hughes, S:J., Melbouthie. This morning the Dio cesan.Syhodl was hold, there being a large attendance of priests. The mass of the Holy Ghost was celebrated by the Arch bishop elect at St. Mary's Cathedral, and the clergy received the Holy Communion. Immediately after mass the Synod colm mencced with appropriate chants and litanies. The Archbishop hl??t'dd the Synod, and delivered hli address. The promoter, Dean lieechinor, asked the Arch bishop to order the decree of the Council of Trent, making the proposition of faith. His Grate assented, and the decree was read by the secretary of Synod, Rev. Dlr. Glceson, who also read a poition of the decree of the Provindlal Council of Sydney. The. ~ecrfetry read a decree for the termination of Synod. The promoter then walked to the altar rails and read the papal rescription, empowering the Archbishop'to grant an indulgence to the asseinbled faithful. The Archbishop, with mitre andcrosler, read the proscribed prayer and granted the indulgence. Imme dlately after the clergy formed themselves into procession, the master, of the cgre monies, Rev. T. Kelsh, of 'Camlbell Topjn; repeating the words " Let us retire in peace," and' the clergy took up the re sponse in the name of Christ. All then retli?d to the sacristry, and the session of synod was terminated. After njoying the hospitality of his Grace to-day the clergy depart to-morrow to their irespective dioceses. The Rev. W. Walch, of Delo rains, acted as notalry. Signot- flurnncchi leaves for Europe in ieb'rUary. At the Police Court to-day Selena Cope, for stealing a gold ring from her employer, was sentenced to one month's impl'ison ment. We have had watm weather to-day, with a high wind and considerable dust. General satisfaction is felt and expressed at the successful floating of the Hobart loan. 