JOHN BRIGHT ON FEDERATION. The ghoat of what was onco John Hhkiiit Iior been cibboring at a banquet in Birmingham, given in linituur of the romainn of what was otit-o CiuMiiEitLAiN the Radical. Tho oucaiion was nccoBsarily melancholy —tho feast a sort of servini? uo of funeral baked moats coldly furnish ing tho tablo. Tho locality eroa was ilujuDtsing. It was that Birmingham which but a fow years ago shared with MttDchostor tho odium of a policy of casting off tho Australian colonics —that Binhiuglmm, onco a fortress of Freo-tmdo, whoro but a yoar or two ago tho Chatnbor of Commerce rccomtooudod tho imposition of an import duty oa foreign manufactured goods io all cases wboro tho samo class of goods aro manufactnrod in Great Britain. To crown tho in congruity of the occasion, John Brioht's remains wore invited to proposo tho toast of 41 Our kinsmen throughout the world," and ho crownod tho climax of inapproprlato- noss by giving an opinion on a sub ject, respecting which his moans of ascertaining facts aro inforior to thoso at tho command of about a couplo of million of pcoplo. lie doubted, with respect ."to Australian Federation, whotbor New South Walos and Victoria couhl over bo intlucod to fedcratu. Tho seeds of this distrust havo probably boon sown in tbo inind of fho formor Tribune by tho roturnod-cnlonist and Colonial histituto order of Australians. John Bright cannot bo oxpocted to know that thoro is a gonoral tondoncy amongst a numorous class of Austra lians who start as patriots, to become increasingly Imperialistic as thoy accuinulato wealth, and .to bocoine downright toadies as soon as they are rich enough to turn their backs on Australia and sottlo in Great Britain. How is ho to conceiro, for oxamnlo, that Jack IIkatost— - bog partlon, wo mean J. Hknmikkk IIeaton, Erq.— figured out here as a declared democrat, and derives tbo incouio which enables him to buy a rotten borough and figure in tho H01190 of Commons as a high Tory, from a nowsnapor which still has spasmodic fits or pretonding to bo an organ of tho democracy of Now South Wales. Tho basis of Mr. Brtoiit's doubt is, of courso, tho presumption that Now outh Wales and Victoria aro to bo foroV£F kept asunder by antagonistic fiscal systems. And possibly, at latest dates of Mt. Bbigiit's advices, Sir John Robertson was a force in politics, a£d his souilo nui- raosity to Victoi'M and Victorians a portent of some mo'mout. Perhaps, indeed, Mr, Bright's :o/orraation is a trillo inoro recent. llV may have' learned of thu splenetic iuc? vilify of Sir Henry Parkks in Iris correspond- enco with tho Victorian Promior with respect totho attempt by the farmer to jump thename of Australia; and ho may have drawn too largo conclusions from tho fact that in tho New South Wales Legislature a majority endorsed that uncouth affront.1 But Mr. Bright evidently; does not know that tbo same majority would havo supported Sir Henry Parkks bad ho preposod that New South Walus should bo henceforth callod Great Britain and Ireland, sooner than let him be forced to recign office. lie does not know that tlio Protectionist minority so plainly demonstrated at tho last general election has since, in tho country electorates, been transformed into a majority, and has received oren in tho metropolitan electorates such accretions as make tho result of every byo election a question of exceeding doubt, lie doos not know that tho situation is not anv longer a duel between Victoria and Now South Wales as to which shall in doctrinate the neighbouring colonies with its prevailing fiscal policy. Uo does not know that South Australia has nlrcady pronounced do- eisivcly for Protection, that in Queensland the immediate adoption of that system is now beyond ait doubt, and that in Now Zealand tho movement for tho cliaugo from tho partial and indiscriminativo Protection afforded by LG per cent at i valorem dutios to a resolute and properly formed policy of down right Protection is decisively impond- ing. Othorwiso ho would probably abandon his doubt and porcoivo that with tho battle already half won in Now South Walos, and in view of the stupendous gothoring force of tho sontimont of Australian nationality (of which also ho is probably ignorant), it is absurd to imagine that this colony can, for an indefinite period, remain isolated amidst tho inevitable impulsion to Federation which identity of econo mic system must impart to all tho othor ' colonies in tho Australasian groups. 