WICKED SIR DARE. 'Here are Mr. Neville and Captain Delaine,' said Eve, as the captainj bare headed and with the sweet smile of devotion and respect, came forwvard with Henry Neville on his arm. 'What a charming place it is,' he said, after the usual salutations. 'It is a com plete paradise, Miss Rivingtpn,, without the serpent.' (That is&'not sob certain, Captain Delaine.) "Itisso6 delightful; so refreshing:to one's senses after the dried up,,used- upcoiitinental jheices to see a ine old Englih sipot like this.' 'You have seen so very little of it at present, Captain Delaine,' ,,aid Aunt Floss. "~ e'Were just saying':how muclh we.hoped ."that you \Vould be able to prolong your visit. You will, will you not?' The captain looked at Eve as he mur mured what was evidently only a polite refusal and Eve, with a faint blush, said in her-siinple way_-= , ,:.. :".... ''Ihbpe you w ill he a~le fo ltay, Cap tain Delaine.' 'You are very kind,' he said ina low voice and with a gratified expression. ' I was on my way to a friend's in Hamp shire, but I am sure he will not blame me for stopping half way, when he hears whate.)tempt!atibn: there were to rbreaking faith with him.' It was just enough to give his accept ance some value, and like a true diplomat he passed lightly on. . 'I have been admiring the birds. .They areaslthick as in the Luxembouirg Gar dens. You have seen them; of course? No I The workmen who stroll about in the breakfast hour feed the sparrows and blackbirds with pieces of bread; and the birds get so tame that they will fly down wards and catch the crumbs as the men throw them in the air. -. There is a peculiar cry which will .draiv thl,:' birds? 'Ndiw, really, Capitaii'DDlairie I' remoni strated Mrs. Henry,.playfully. ' 'Indeed,' it-is sb,' said' thl ciptain. ' Let me prove it to you. May I have some bread?' A servai't:bi?ought him a slice from the table, an~, talking all the while in his frank, ple~sant way,"the captain collected a handful" of 'crumbs, and smilingly enjoining !silence.. steppel out on to the lawn, and throwing some of the crunxibs into the air commenced whistling in a'?eculiar fashiidn. jThe little group watched at the window, all interested, but nione more so than Eve \--as the captain intended she should be. Presently he stepped softly back, and in a fewi minutes some'sparrows and a robin red-breast cabme fluttering down from the trees, and having secured a crumb or: piece, :-led : back again; :the .captain changed his note into orie still more per suasive, and presently,'to'the'astonishmed'nt of all and the delight of Eve, the sparrows returned, and apparently perfectly assured and fearless, hopped about the ctaptaii's very feet;. - ,Then he ceased whistling, flung the last' few.remaining crumbs into the air, and as the birds apparently released from the spell, took-to: their ivings; lhe turned,'ith a smile. , ' You iaiy aplaudbiowv, he said.. * 'It is wonderful,":' said Eve;, 'ith girlish delight; ' I hav. often thrownrcruimbis out to them, but they would never.attempt to cmr downi until I lihd gone idaind closed the window. I should like to leari the secret of that piece of sorcery.' ' It is very simple,' said tle captain,...modestly; . ' I . learnt ..the trick,- it , isi - nothing,. more, from an ol.d.Swiss bird fancier inBasle.' 'i Eve started; they had 'iaken their seats at' the breakfast table, and she was sitting' with;' Ieiface :to 'ihe light,'which lit up eery'.fe atiire distinctly. :.The captaii's quick' eyes and. quick .ears caught the little,"sharp uplifting of the eyes, and the stiiftled iritbiatidni ofhe'r'low eiclamation, Ib'??'nhb'' r~usCIle of his face inmoved. ':Yesd , 'in Basle,' he repeated, apparently blisy with his toast, but really eyeing her cldsel. ' You'i 'knowiv it, of course ? ' :I ? :haive been there, yes,'.said Eve, lok'ing down at her.plate. ' Basle, my dear Eve,' murmured Aunt Floss looking over the coffee urn. "'Not it, Baslk! .We only passed throfgh it in the train. Don't you remember how often we said that we would go, bat that ioinethifig always prevented us ? :Mr. Arnioid.planned a.kind of excursion one day, but it rained, or something happened to pre?tent our going. 'No, you 'haven't bke' to ..Basle, Eve.' h E. v 'e.at silent, and the calptain took up the thread, looking over his coffee 'cup as he leant back in his chair. You did not lose much, my dear madam; I was trying to think what your friend-Mr. Arnold, didn't you. sayi could find'to interest him in theplaice, un less he was an antiouarian by-the-way. Aunt Floss laughed, and appealed to Eve with mild enjoyment. 'No, he certainly was not an antiqua rian';'but he was an extremely well-bred and agreeable young gentlemen, was he not Eve? So very attentive and good natured. One of those light-hearted young fellows,' she continued, looking over her spectacles at Mrs. Henry with placid good-nature, 'who seem to carry an atmo sphere of cheerfulness and gaiety where ever they go. 'I rememher he used to make me smile to hear him laugh. He was very fond of children, and there was an infant's school near the pension- what was the name-dear me, you remember, Eve.' 'I--I have forgotten,' said Eve, and in.so constrained a voice that all eyes \--excepting the captain's-were fixed on iher S.The Kindergarten school, for quite young: children, you ' know, Captain Delaine. Well, he and Eve used to spend most of their time talking and petting those children-pretty little things they were, and so well-behaved. Why, Eve, I think'the first time you saw him he was sitting on the wall playing with the chil dren;' ' What an extraordinary man I' laughed Mrs. Henry. ' Why, Eve, my dear girl, you have never told us anything about your eccentric acquaintance.' 'Have I not ?' said Eve, lifting her face with a little wan smile. 'Eve seems to have forgotten him,' said Aunt Flozs, wandering on, unconsciously. stabbing the throbbing heart beside her with each word-aye, and providing the handsome man beside her with a weapon to stab it and overcome it later on l 'Quite forgotten.him I and really I think it is very ungrateful of you, my dear, con sidering how very attentive and thought ful he was.' 'And what became of him ?' asked Mrs. Neville. 'Oh!' said Aunt Floss, 'let me see. Why, he left us quite suddenly, without saying good- bye even. I remember that weall thought it so strange, for he was always so well-bred and considerate and--' 'This room is very hot, aunt,' said Eve, looking up pale and heavy-eyed. 'Do you think so, dear? Perhaps it is-~Johnston is so fond of making a great fire. Thank .you, Captain Delaine,' for the.captain had risen with noiseless al acrity, and opened the window. 'Miss Rivington is quite right,' he said, emphatically, 'the room is hot-even I feel it-and I have been used to heat. It is like summer out here, and-seems to woo one to bask in it. May,.I-bave the plea sure of putting a chair for you just liere, Miss Rivington ?' ' . "-' And without waiting for an'answer, he carried a light easy chair outside the win dow. Eve rose andupassed:out, and the cap. tain held lthe door open for her, drew a small, table ,:ciose:' to,*hei :elbow," and ulnobt'rid'ivelf".ipldced :iher cup of coffee' upon it. . , It was all done..with suich" wvomanly sympath), soi adroitly shieldir;g herfiom the observation? of the rest~, that she felt as if'heh?iad se?PjiPed beforehier like sfshield; and as she sank into the chair, she "suild riot help raising'hlier eyes gratefully to his. 'Thank you,' she murmured;.'that. is so much nicer. - He said not a word-that would have spoilt it-but with an incliihitioh iofithe. head, which was'neither a botwi nbr'aoanod, butsuggested the deepest gratitude and delight at'haviring plhased her, returned to the room, and immediately turned of all notice from her by gliding into his irresis tible flow of talk. But while he talked with ans easyi carelessgrace he was storing uj iiii's me'n~'mdry thd 'fact ithat'the'"owivn" of Basle and the name of Arnold were dis tasteful to Eve Rivington, and he resolved to learn the reason why. CHAPTER XX. Captain Delaine had opened his cam paign, and.the first skirmish was his; it was,.,so toi spe'?ik,; merely an affair 'of outposts, but it.was important, inasmuch as 'it astablisheda kind of understanding between Eve and himself. He had, with 'quick' 'percepti6n and admirable taste, stepped.in.and shielded her from prying eyes'<at"- .a) moment when weakness threatened to betray her, I think a woman is more grateful for a delicate service of that sort than if the man who had rendered it had saved her life instead. Eve wasew'eak this morning, after a restless niglit?arid. here was a nian who stepped in and' s-ved- her' from torture, perhaps discovery. es, she was grateful and, after the manner of womain-especi ally of such pure, ionnocent, unsuspicious woman---bshe relied 'upon him, uncon sciously, to do it again for her. Great and noble creattiires as Lord Orton was, he could ?not thus ain:hbCr confidence and reliance: he:would not'ha.ve observed her embarrassment, and if he had, he would not have had the ready wit to protect her. Tact is Ha great' power, and Captain Delaine possessed it in a very large degree. He_ wnt -in, finished his breakfast, talking in his lightest and' most amusing vein, until he had made the rest almost forget Eve outiside, and then he gradually led the conversation to where it had been broken 6off, and learned all the particulars of Eve's tay at Lucerne. without Aunt Floss even suspectlig.that he was curious or anxious to be iinformed: in fact, she wound up with an'a-pinlogy for wearying him with such uninteresting gossip. S'Th~ii ivt'?n Henrysaid h'ewould go for .a walk to the preserves, and Mrs. Henry murmured something about opening a case; ;trir' hadar-rived firom her French millirier, the captain.begged permission to write a letter, and was conducted by an 'obse quious footman.to tbelbrary.', This apart meint was on a par wiith the"rest of the mansion, lined with books, and e!egaintly furnished; there. were.writing materials and tables of the' most luxurious kind, and the captain, selecting the most comfortable sat.down.and wrote a very short letter. It was addressed to a certain waiter at the cafe de l'Europe at Lucerne who .'as not onily ',waiter, but, an, ex-Frendhi 'spy ; and;the letter ran thus:--. . .. , My Dear Alphonse,---A certain youing English lady accoi6mpanied by an' aunt of ihe true iEnglish type,' sojournied at' the Pension Christopher during the months of July. and August last. Their:names were Riringtgn. Any informaition aient them, and' :'gentle'nian named. Edwin Arnold, will be gratefully received by the old friend who rescued a certain Alphonse Calvay fromthe rude hands of a Parisian mob. Send'to me here in cipher.' The captain enclosed this in an enve lope and secreted it in a small inner pocket against his heart. He tookthe precaution of removing the sheet of blotting paper; which he had used, from -the pad, and having burned it at a small taper, left the room humming gaily. Half an hour afterwards Eve, who was still seated in the sunny corner reading, or trying to read, saw the captain approach from the shrubbery. 'She looked up with a smile and a slight flush, that rather deep ened as he came uo beside her. 'I have been looking for Mr. Neville,' he'said, 'and have found instead-these,' and he held out a bunch of. violets. 'I would say, 'will you accept them,' but they are yours already. Why is it that flowers awaken so many memories,' he went on, as Eve took the flowers and half sniffed, half breathed onq them, as women do. 'Someone has said that there are more memories in a rose than in all the chronicles that were ever written. I never smell a violet but I think of a certain hos pital tent in which I lay one hot day, look hour after hour upon a poor fellow who lay next me; he was dying fast, and held in his hot, feverish hand a little faded violet, which I saw him take from a letter. From whom did the neat little English flower come as a last message to the dying man--mother, sister, sweetheart? Tut, rut, this is not a cheerful subject, but on my word, Miss Rivington, war is not all brass bands and glory. May I ask what you are reading ?' 'A volume of poems,' said Eve; ' that is I am -trying to read them, but either they lack the power to charm, or I am impervious this morning.' 'May I see ? ' said the captain. 'Certainly,' said Eve, and he took the book and dropped down almost at her feet, and, thanks to his mother, the ballet dancer, looked graceful. 'Well,' he said, 'they are not bad here is one that strikes me as being rather good. May I read it to you?' Eve smiled her assent, and leant back indolently, sniffing the'violets and looking down with unconscious admiration at the handsome face beneath. Captain Delaine's voice has been spoken of already; it was ordinarily soft aud musical, lending to the most common place.gossip a charm not to be resisted; but who shall describe the witchery of it when he taxed it to its utmost as he did now. Eve listened at first dreamily, indiff erently; then, as the music of the "voice gave life and utterance to the melody of the poem, her attention was attracted, then charmed. The poem was one of the best in the book, and the captain had selected it as adapted to his purpose: it was nothing more nor less than the cry of a girl who has learnt to love, but to discover that her love can bring her nothing but an unsatis fled longing and desire which render her days an intolerable burden and her youth a curse. To others she seemed as free from care and anxiety as the birds that flew across her path, whlile she. herself carried the- secret of her love and its disappointment in her bosom, passing through life as a shadow and unreality. \- Had-Eve read the poem it would tsave affected her; but to hear it read by such a voice, every note of the wail emphasised and accented, it seemed as if the' man at her feet had Piried into her innermost -heart, and was interpreting its unsatisfied desires. - . Eve struggled with the effect that he was producing for some time, but at last hei bosom began to heave, the tears rushed to her:eyes, and she was about to beg him to stop-when he stopped of his own accord interrupted by the sound of horses' hoofs. The next moment Lord Orton and Ellen Linley, attended by two grooms, turned the corner of the drive and came in sight. Eve h'd barely time to dry her eyes and get rid of the evidences of her -emotion before Lord Orton, having caught sight of her, lea'pti:from: his horse, assisted Ellen.Linley' to dismouit, Aind the two came~up .... .. They both looled .hard at Captain DBelaine; 'for- there had, been- no time for hirni to get t' his: feetd, and -he' ?W.as- too skilled a tactician to rise hurriedly alter he had been seen, but got up slowly and ~racefully, -just in tiine' -to take Ellen Linley's hand. ,.. \- Baskin rin the at"su' eh?' said Lord Orton, looking at :Eve with- his earnest eyes. ' And reading:pdetry,' said the captain; 'I am afraid you'.will say that we might have been better employed.' : ' Thit'depe?nds, Said Lord'Orton, ' on what you were reading.' The captain la'ughed. SMiss Linley shall judge,''he said, and handed her the volume; but he took care to close it first. . Ellen took it and seated herself beside Eve. Lord Orton stood flicking his legs with his serviceable whip, and looked at them,.- thinking of a -blush rose and a damask rose, both beautiful flowers and hard to choose between. The captain eyed him with a serene but sharp scrutiny for a moment, then- turned to the horses wliidh 'wvere beinii led up and down by one of th'eiHolndwod :groioms. - 'Shall we gouiround the lawn ?' said Eve; 'what a lovely-morning for a ride; that is.such .a. beautiful mare,~ of yours; 'Li'rd Orton says that it is the handsomest he has seen out of Arabia.' . 'Does he'?' said Ellen, with a sudden light in her dark eyes. ' He overtook me up the hill, and we came on together. He is goingup to town to- night.' 'I am so sorry for that,' said Eve, and Ellen turned her eyes .upon the pure, sweet face-did the woids mean no more than a polite regret:? -.Her neist question was a feeler thrown out to 'ascertain if there .was aniything hidden behind the .polite"indifference-. ..".. .' Are"you 'nbt?going up yet ?' 'Not yet,'I:thirsk,' said Eire, with same little.- hesitation; .' I-seemJ to cling to the countiy,iand' to habve a iervoiu~s dread of the presentation,' and'shbsiniled ' , S.'It,.is nothing, terrible-after you have learned t?o walk backwards'.' The crish iii the ante-room is the worst. But--you are fortunate: in. being -presented .'by - the duchess; Lord Orton told me this morning that she is 'quite anxious for you to' go to her. SEve sighed.. .A ~'she said, she seemed to cling to the country and the neighbour. hood of Holmwoodd. . Whio's athis coiing ?' asked Ellen, as Aunt"Floss and a gentleman were seen approaching from the:house.: :: : Why 'i said Eve, with "a low' glow of pleasure, ' can it be ? yes, it is -- Mr. Drummond.' 'And who is Mr. Drummond ?' asked Ellen. 'An old friehd , ' 'He is a lawyer-the first person to tell me of my good fortune,' and she sighed, as- she went- -forward ::with her 'hand extended.' -, . ' Mr. Drummond his jiist ari;ed,' .aid Aunt Floss, with whom.the genial.lawyei was a great favourite; 'he wished to remain in the library, but. [ told him you would much rather that he came to you.' : I should have been quite angry if 'you had not, [indeed, , said: Eve, quiter.bright and beaming and girlish before this true friend;' . : 'You, are: lookiing very. weMll,..Mtss Rivington,?' .he said :with kindly respect. 'Better than:I expected-to 0find:you after the account ofMrs. Rivington i ' Eve dlau'ghed softly. ,'-/i, S',? .:. A k" adelicate compliment I-,is ;thit, Mr. Drummond? oh, l tin mquite well,-:and very glad'to see yolu y?e'ii:i~stletme show you I he crocuses, a?id. hyacinths, You will stay'to ·luincheon,' she said.turon ing to Ellen; 1 'Aunt, will you ask Lord Ortohn- oh;':here they 'come,'" she added, as Loid Ortoii' aiid Captairi: Delaine; still engaged on horseflesh, came; sauntering up. Jlst theslightest sbadow crossed Captain Delaine's face . av he recognized Mr. Drummond, but -he welcomed him as an old friend with well-bred cordiality, and with perfect ease. Lord Orton knew Drummond, also, and liked him, and they got into conversation at once. They were all moving towards the house when Henry Neville came from behind the shrubbery, followed by two spaniels, who immediately .tore towards Eve, and promptly -ruined her morning dress. Henry Neville did not look at all pleased to see the lawyer surrounded by such a group, and was on thorns, which grew into daggers, when Lord Orton, who of course knew that Drummond was look ing for Sir Dare, said in a straightforward way 'By the way, Druimmond, have you heard anything of Sir Dare yet ?' The question falls on all ears with a certain unpleasant suddenness, but on Henry Neville's and Captain Delftine's particularly so. Mr. Drummond hesitated a moment, and looked at Eve, but seeing that she looked as anxious for his reply as any, he said : 'No, my lord, nothing; and I have left very few stones unturned, notwithstand. ing.' 'Strange that,' said Lord Orton, pulling at his beard. 'Sir Dare is not exactly the sort of man to play hide and seek, eh, Mr. Neville ?' 'Eh ?' said Henry, uncomfortably. ' No, I should think not.' 'Quite unaccountable,' sighed' Mrs. Neville. Mr. Drummond looked from one to the other gravely. 'I t is unaccountable, and extremely in* convenient,' he said quietly. 'Sir Dare's estate has not disappeared, and demands attention, and provides a reason, if there was no other, for his discovery.' 'Dare always was -- ' commenced Henry, irritably, but paused, and Mr. Drummond filled it up. 'Eccentric. Yes, and I suppose we must make the best of it. I am glad you are here,' he said, addressing Henry; ' there are one or two matters connected with the Park on which I should like to speak with you.' 'The Park is quite shut up-that is, there is no one in charge, is there ?' asked Lord Orton. 'No one,' said Mr. Drummond. 'Dear me,' said Mrs. Rivington, with amiable concern-' so large a place, tbo I By the way, did you tell Mr. Neville bo Mr. Drummond what you saw, or:fancied you saw in the avenue the night we came from our first visit to the Castle, Eve?' All eyes were turned on Eve, and Mr. Drummond stopped in his ascent of the last step on the terrace, and looked upon her. 'What was that, Miss Rivington ?' he said. 'Ob, Eve saw him,' said Aunt Floss, smiling over her spectacles. ' I was too late-the carriage had turned the coirner before I had'time to look.' 'Saw him -whom ?' asked Mr; Drum mold, with a smile that was h'alf grave. 'Not a ghost, I hope~?' murmured Captain Delaine, in so singularly-suggestive a tone, that Eve raised her eyes to his face with a little startled look. Did he know anything ? He had helped her once before that morning-was he trying to so now? She met his eyes half smiling at, hall warning her. But she could not but answer. 'It is nothing of any contsequence,' she said addressing Mr. Drummond. 'One night aunt and I were returning from the Castle-it was the night of our first visit, some weeks ago --I saw a man standing in the avenue, looking at the house.' 'Looking at the house,' said Mr. Drummond. ' Late at night-and dark ?' 'No, it was moonlight,' said Eve, softly, the dreamy expression creeping on to her face. 'Moonlight,' murinured the captain. 'Are you sure-do not think I impugn the excellence of yotir eyesight-but the moon is such a clever conjuror; are you sure it was not the shadow of a tree or the troublesome horse or cow that.is always straying on the j'repiises of un inhabited mansions and being mistaken fo"r 'he superriatural ?' Eve looked at him.: Yes, surely he was tempting her to admit that she had been mistaken. '"? : : " "="' : 'No,' she.said, with a faint smile. 'It was a man. I am.certain of that.' 'Some artist or antiquary, perhaps,' said -Lord Orton, thinking how many times be had prowled round ancientsbuild ings in the. moonlight. SI-I-think not,' said: Eve, hhd there was such reluctant assurance in her tone that Mr. Drummond dropped into his seat at the table-they had entered the room by this time'-with his lips tightly comr pressed. 'It migh't have been an artist or a burglar, said Ellen, ' Artist, briiglar, or ghost,' laughed the captain; 'A problem.' SOne side of which we can settle'in a very short time,' said Mr. Drummond, lookini'g up.' 'I have the keys of the house in my bag-and shall seetbis after riooni whether it was a burglar, Miss -Rivington.' 'Stuff,' said Henry, glancing irritably across at the captain and then defiantly at the rest. 'There is nothing there to steal; every burglar in the kingdom worth his salt knows that the plate is sold and melted down, and furniture can't be carried away in a carpet bag.' 'Then it is the ghost or the artist,' said the captain, breaking quickly into the awk ward 'silence produced by Henry Neville's brutal allusion to Sir Dare's misfortune. 'I do hope the ghost doesn't walk by daylight if Mr. Drummond is going to pay a visit of inspection this afternoon,' said Ellen, gaily, flashing ber dark. eyes across at him. 'We had better form an escort and body.guard,' said Lord Orton. 'What do you say,' Drummond? I don't suppose Sir Dare would think it an intrusion, and 1've a fancy to see the inside of the old place I have spent many a pleasant hour in,' andhe sighed. , ''Ishall feel much honoured by your coinpany, my lord, and wish Sir Dare were here to assure you awelcome. Miss Rivington would like to see the old house-' 'Of course Eve will come,' said Henry Neville, who felt rather nettled at Drum mond's, taking the initiative; why had they not appealed to him for permission ? Eve looked up from her plate. . Yes,' she said, ' I should very much like to 'see it.' ' We shall see no evil spirits now," said Lord Orton, looking at her suddenly, and then, as if overwhelmed by this, the first compliment he was ever known to pay, he fell upon his luncheon as if he were starving. After luncheon they started for the park, Lord Orton, laughing in his grim way and making a pretence of taking care of Drummond, exhorting them all to keep close to the grave lawyer. 'And if you see a ghost, black or white, grab hold of Drummond and hold tight.' Thank you l' laughed Drummond. 'I suppose you expect otherwise I should disappear with a strong smell of sulphur.' 'Hem !' laughed Lord Orton, 'lawyers have disappeared to that accompaniment, or report speaks falsely. It was only a short walk, and in a few minutes they had passed through the great gates. Here Drummond stopped suddenly and turned to Eve, who was walking behind talking to Arthur, who held close by her hand and turned his face up to her with his intent, thoughtful gaze. 'Now, Miss Rivington, perhaps you won't mind pointing out the spot where the man stood. .. 'A little farther on, byh. he oak,' said Eve looking as if she sa se vision at that moment. Henry Neville walked, to the p6int indicated and Eve felt a strange thrill run through her. Between brothers, however dissimilar, there must be some slight like ness, and something about Henry Neville's figure recalled to her that other one with startling intensity. ' Looking at the house,' said Mr. Drum mond 'Come, we shall soon see if he did more than look,' and he walked up the stone steps, growing green for lack of feet to tread them, and unlocked the door. Silently they passed in, and stood look ing,.round the vast hall. 'It is.a fine'old hall I is it not?' said Lord Orton, dropping his voice instinct ively. ' How'rusty the armour is"'getting -how deserted and weird it all looks I' 'The ylace is going to rack' and ruin I' grumbled Henry. 'Shameful, perfectly shameful I Surely, Drummond, something can be done--- Drummond turned to him gravely. ' Yes, if Sir Dare chooses to do it-not otherwise.' 'And if he chooses to let the place drop to pieces,' retorted Henry, angrily, ' I sup pose I-his family-are to stand by and say nothing.' ' Speech is free,' said Drummond dryly, as he began sorting his keys. Lord Qrton had already strolled, hands in pocket and head thrown absently back, across the hall, Ellen Linley at his side, listening to the description of the armour and various historical relics which were hung on the walls or placed on stands of marble and pIolished oak. Mrs. Henry Neville and Henry followed Drummond into the salons, the captain wvas sauntering with either party indiffer ently, Eve and Arthur, still hand in hand, had gone to a window at the end of tile hall, and stood looking out on to the lawn and the wide-stretching park beyond. 'There is where we used to play,' said the boy, pointing one little finger to the park. 'Uncle -Dare put up that swing with his own hands-see, one rope has broken; what a pity I and he used to come outand smoke a cigar and.swing me; and he'd tell me stories-all about wars and wild beast fights, when I was tired; and, look, there is where he used to shoot with his pistol; he promised to teach me to shoot when I was big enough I Will *he, do you think? I mean do you think he will come back ?' 'I can't tell-no one knows, Arthur,' replied Eve, wistfully. ' I wish he would, I want him to know you, dear Eve. He would love you as much .as I do-he couldn't love you better.' Henry Neville's voice sounded raspingly behind them. ' How are you all I It is all right in the saloons-we are coming upstairs. 'Come, dear Eve-come and see the pictures,' said Arthur. Then, drawing her back shrinkingly, he addediin awhisper, ' Let us wait a minute until they are all gone up,' especially Captain Delaine--I' don't like us to be near him.' Eve laughed and said some word of gentle reproof, but shestayed, nevertheless, until the rest ascended the stairs. Slowly, hand in hand, sthey followed. Arthur pointing out the grim suits of armour that hung on the side of the wall, under the rotting flags, which had waved in battles fought long ago, but never. for gotten; Eve listening, as she always did, when Arthur spoke, to the echo of that other voice, and surrendering herself to the spell which the old house seemed to cast over her. 'Come,' said Arthur, when they had reached the corridor, 'let us go on to the picture gallery; they are all stopping to look at theorgan. Is Miss Linley going to play it ? Poor thing ! how glad it will be after being silent and having no one to speak to for so long !' Eve paused for one moment, and looked towards the end of the corridor. . They had formed a group round the great organ, and Captain Delaine, always ready-witted, was blowing. Lord Orton stozd at Ellen Linley's shoulder, and she, bending over the keys was removing her gloves. 'Come,' said Arthur, pulling at Eve's hand, 'we shall see the pictures alone.' And he drew her, unresistingly, into a long gallery that opened out..of the cor ridor. As she passed between the curtains that hung across the broad oaken doorway, the first notes of the 'Ave Maria' wailed forth from the organ. Eve started slight ly and clutched Arthur's hand. There rose before her the graveyard of an old 'cathedral, radiant with the glow of a set ting sun, aud filled with the music of. the cathedral organ wailing out the same 'Ave Marial' ' What is the matter ?' asked Arthur. 'Are you frightened? You are not used to them I I used to be frightened when I was a very little boy; but Uncle Dare made me come in one day with him, and told me it was foolish to be frightened at one's own grandsires. There, that is Sir Wilfred Dare, in his battle armour; his axe hangs in the hall. And look I that is his wife. 'Is she not beautiful? But come, dear Eve, papa and mamma are at the other end, and Uncle Dare himself I want you to see Uncle Dare.' Notwithstanding his hurry, Eve could not be made to move fast down the 'long line of dead-and-gone Nevilles; their many expressioned faces had a charm for her, and it was with a growing feeling of cur iosity and interest that she gained that portion of the gallety at which the modern portraits commenced. ' That is my grandfather,' said Arthur, pointing to a white-haired aristocrat in ruffled shirt'and wriSlbands--'ml?d that.is grandnmi.? And now, here is Uncle. iDare, roundthe corner,.' ?,.r i:...:-" .. , 'And he huiried bher to"aLp?rtrait on which stie'iamd 'the light ,'fiorA a stained window.,. :. . -'.Eve shaded her eyes with her hand,: and with an indescribable' fltitter at the heart, looked upwards. As'.'she ,did sb, 'she uttered, a cry that was echoed by the child and the two shranl:' back' as if they bad seen a ghost. In an' iistant ,the organ cdased, and the i'rest of the company were at her side. 'What is it?'-' What have you seen ?' -' What is the matter? came the ques tions fast and thick, as Eve, catching Aunt Floss's arm, held tightly by it, and hid her face in her hands. 'What is it? replied Lord Orton, anxiously. 'What has frightened you, Miss Rivington ? ' Eve shuddered slightly, and 'raised her face; it was very pale, but' she smiled as she lifted her small white htind'ar'd point ed to the portrait of Sir Dare. 'Look I' she said. Every head turned, every eye was. fixed on the picture, and an exclamation burst from nearly every lip saving Mr. Drum mond's. ' Good God I' ejaculated Henry Neville 'some one has cut the face out a' And so some one had. But who, and for what reason ? None could tell, none could even guess-they could only gaze at the picture made ghostly by the mutila. tion, and then stare aghast at each other. 