UNITED CHRISTIAN CON FERENCE. ? *? ? Yesterday the services in connection with the conference were continued, the subject in tbe afternoon being '? Tbe Be liever's Separation unto God'— (I) 'By the will of God' (the Rev. D. S. Brunton, Chalmers' Cliurcu), (2) ' By the death of Christ' (the Bev. H. Greenwood, Wesleyan Separation to God'— (1) 'By the Holy Spirit' (the Eev. H. S. Mercer), (2) 'By . t personal decision' (the Eev. Allan \Tebb). J There was a fair attendance at tbe Memorial jM Church in the afternoon, the gathering at BHj Christ's Church in the evening being very ? M large. The services were conducted on the same lines as those of the previous day. ' THE BELIEVEE'S SEPARATION PKTO GOD.' Pastor Soltau, in a few prefatory re marks at the afternoon meeting on the gist of the subject to be brought forward, said that the believer's separation from the world was the very key note of the Christian's life. The history of the chil dren of Israel might be taken as typical of that life — a nation set apart, loved and chosen by God, as was shown by the 8th. ehapter of Deuteronomy, verse 6 — ' For thou art an holy people unto the Lord thy God ; the Lord thy God hath chosen thee to be a special people unto Himself, above all people that are upon the face of the earth.' Eeferring to the consecration of the Levites to tbe service of the Taber nacle as separating them from the people generally, he quoted tbe 8th chapter of the Book of Numbers, verse 6—' Take the Levites from among the cliildren of Israel, and cleanse them;' verse 11— 'That Aaron shall offer the Levites before the Lord for an offering of the children of Israel, that they may execute the service of the Lord ;' verse 13-—' And tbou shalt set the Levites before Aaron and before Ms sons, and offer them for an offering unto the Lord ;' verse 16—' For they are zoholly given unto Me from among the children of Israel ;' verse 18—' And I have taken the Levites for all the first born of the children of Israel.' A This type in the Old Testament was only jk typical of the entire separation by the V ment of ourselves to TTim such as was ^H commanded to Moses in the 6th verse of the 3rd chapter of Numbers with regard to the tribe of Levi, ' Present them before Aaron, the High Priest, that they may minister unto Him.' The Lord had chosen us as a royal priesthood, a peculiar people to show forth His praise, and the straight point was that we should give our voluntary service to God— not for a week or a year, but for the whole term of our earthly life, living for Him alone. ' BT THE WIIX OF GOD.' The Eev. D. S. Brunton said that in olden days theology used to be considered the queen, nay more, the mother, of all sciences, but in these times such did not seem to be the case. Kriigion was founded on doctrine in the same way as art was or science, and Christianity _ had for its basis a well defined doctrine. It was based on history ceutred in one life, that of the Lord Jesus Christ. The will of God was the key word to tbe Christian's life. Many words occurred in the Bible which, according to the manner in which they were used, bore different meanings. For' instance, ' death' had three, while the word ' law' had five. ^| With regard to the latter, at some times it ^| meant the whole Bible, at others the ^ Pentateuch and the law and the prophets ; % again the ceremonial law of the Jews, and t anon the law civil or religious. So, too, the will of God had different mean ings, and all were not equivalent one to another. It might be taken under the headings — (1) as free or neceFsary, (2) auic.j;um^ *.n IWliSLjqUBIll , {Of UMStTiLCE Or concrete, (4) secret or revealed, (5) His pleasure and His good pleasure. The ques tion, ton, arose was a thing right because God willed it, or did He will it because it was right? As an example of His pleasure, as against His good pleasure, he might note the foundation of all evil which absolutely came within the former definition ? as diversities of character existed amnng men, so Christians were not all cast in the same mould. St. PjiuI's life in all respects could not be taken as typical of the true Christian. There were threedistinctphasesof separation in his life. The first was portrayed in his Epistle to the Galatians i. 15— ''it: pleased God. Who . . . called me by His grace ;' the second in his Epistle to the Romans i. 1 — ?' Called to be an apostle separated unto tbe Gospel of God:' and afterwards in Acts rv. 40—' And Paul . . . departed, being recommended by the brethren unto the grace of God.' As regards the question of separation by the lloly Spirit, he would not dwell on tho immediate influence whence it -was derirerf, as that would be de.ilt with by Mr Mercer, but he would refer them to two passages in Leviticus xx.: verso 24, 'I am the Lord your God, which have separated you from the ou\pt pnopie ;' and verse 26— 'and have severed you from other people, that ye should be mine.' The Greek word ' severed ' wns ident.ienl with the Hebrew, and meant m its widest sense 'separation.' Thu! it was interesting and pregnnnt in its meaning, as shown in the prophesies of Ezekeil m his reference to the wall between the sanctuary and the profane places ? in Exodus, chapter 2(5, verse 33-' And 'the veil shall divide unto you between the holy place and the most 'holy;' and in the 4th verse of the 1st chapter of Genesis— 'And God divided the light from' the darkness.' The latter was the most typical of the Christian's life, as he lould be Ken.nratpd frnm tlio rr-^-u t ? Christ ns distinctly as light was from darkness. In the history of the children of Israel it would be found that the whole of their difflulties arose from their not keeping separate from the people with .whom they were brought into con tact, as directed by God, hut intprmixine with the peoples of the land. The true separation irim tbe wo- Id wns not separat ing ourselves from nature or our fellow-men but the world's masims Rnd its louse prin ciples. A mixed nature wns found alike hi the sanctury, in the church, and in our own hearts. In all there was a mixed motive, and what we required was a thorough heart division to RepnrAte us from sin and ourselves. St. Paul's 1 life showed that his submission of will A was not merely subjective under a forcitive power, but thut he had shen him- self freely to the Master's service The secret will of God could only be ascertained as it was revealed te us in the Scriptures, As our hearts came into accord with His ?will, so the more fully was every effort of our strength and mind devoted to God's service. The full harmony of our will in submission to God without allowing any thing to divert it from its higher aim secured a full salvation to the believer. Our Saviour's life was the example for that of the every-day Christian to do all things according to the perfect life he had portrayed. He had referred before to religion being dry and hard, perhaps like a skeleton, but then what would the human frame be without the bones, and he thought a number of efforts in religious life were not fruitful because there was not a backbone to them. For the Christian to have true life bis work must good must mean that his life and heart were in harmony 'with God's will, and con formed to Christ's life on earth. '.BY THE DEATH OF CHBJST.' The Eev. H. Greenwood said Jlr Brunton : had portrayed the highest standard of the Christian's Ufa. Our character and happi ness depended on our full perception of our unity with Christ, our faith in Him, and our full separation from the world through the death of Christ. He referred to the difference entertained by the Apostle Paul as Saul of Tarsus, and after his becoming an apostle of the Church; also to the different opinion held by the apostles before and after the resurrection of Christ. Pre vious to His death they had thought He would become King of Israel, and that they would become princes and obtain worldly honors. But after His crucifixion they came to understand their true position. Their human selfish nature was discharged, and the consecration of themselves to His service given. As preachers, they must place before men, both as regarded the moral life and its exemplification in practice, the right view of perfect faith in Christ. If this was exemplified to them in a true ^?nimf +lirt nAnnla TT-rtiil/1 af*nai\\+ it. ? nil V_ B^/1-1U| till,; JJCUJJH-' IIUIUU UtAJb^V ?»?'-'» ''J thing but this would probably lead them wrong. The speaker showed the difference of one who accepted the atone ment or did not, but only accepted, Christ as an example. In the one case he only had something before him, in the other Christ was incorporated with him. He referred at length to the sin offering, burnt offering, and meat offering under the Judaic law, and that all three functions as an offering for sin, destruction of self, and a continued sacrifice had been sent in the parson of Christ. In the sprinkling of blood the Old and Xew Testament were alike in accord. In regard to the question of separation by the death of Christ, the speaker referred to St. Paul's Epistle to the Galatians, chap, i, 4, the Second Epistle to the Corinthians, chap, v., 15, the First Epistle to the Corinthians, chap vi., 24. By those verses the Christian was separated from the world. Physically we were in it, but morally not so, as it was our duty to work against the foes of evil and vice. By the death of Christ we were separated from ourselves, as since He worked out our redemptior unless we surrendered our selves to him we robbed God of the price He had paid for our redemption in the ' death of His Son. questions arising out of the previous meet ing were answered by the Revs. H. S. Mercer, Allan Webb, J. Russell, J. Prestley, \- nd Pastor Hyde. THE BELIEV'J5E'.i SEPARATION UNTO GOD. ' BY THE HOLY SPOUT.' The Eev. H. S. Mercer said the full per fection and symmetry of spiritual life and manifestation of spiritual power will just be in proportion as they understood God's purposes concerning them, and Ms method of carrying out those purposes. If they read Christian literature of the day .and asked Christians their opinion of the attainment of this perfection, all would give the same answer that in its practical application it was a failure. The cause of this failure was a want of complete separa tion from the world, and of consecration to God on the part of believers, and the sub ject as set down grasps the difficulty ; the prevention of this failure must be the work of the Holy Spirit. It might seem presumptuous to attempt to define the working of this Spirit, but yet particulars were given in the Scriptures, and from them the fact might be deduced that God did not require a full understanding of this at once, but as they rose in the spiritual life ' they would have more knowledge. The Holy Spirit had two f unctions — First, its operation upon the heart of a man from the outside; and secondly, its operation upon the heart from witl.io. It was pq. - sible to experience the first only, and still to remain without the second. Many believers did this, and this was the cause of their want of power. The first outward influence of the spirit tended to lead a man to God, acting on his nature like a sun beam that sends down its light and heat, and tries to illuminate and warm. This wa6 certainly the work of the Spirit, but was very different from that indwelling power, which rendered their bodies temples of the Holy Ghost. It was pos sible to have this outward manipulation ? when the body was too denied for the latter; then if His (the Holy Spirit's) leading were followed the heart would become emptied, like a house clean swept and garnished, or like a temple cleansed, but empty ; then was the time for the second part of his work. If he were not invited ro enter then the man would still be a believer, but without power, and apt to po back into the world. There was of ten a lapse of time between the first outward contact and this entire occupation ; it was not God's will that this should be so, but it -iras a fact that it often was so, and this r Tras often a. cause for lack of power. God's ?* appointment for them was that they should thank Him for every operation of the Spirit. Before conversion He acted on man whether He willed it or no, but after conver sion the Spirit always tarried until invited to enter, which entrance had the same effect on the spiritual life of ainan as tueentrance of a garrison into a tewn had for purposes of defence. In the life of every believer there came a crisis, when he must either refuse or take the Holy Spirit to be an indwelling power, and place the whole of his life, including time, talents, money, nnd everything else, entirely and absolutely at His disposal, and submit every contem plated action to His approval. He hoped that every believer there might thus sur render himself, and thus realise the presence of which Christ Eaid — ' Even the Spirit of Truth, whom the world cannot receive, beeause it seeth Him not, neither knoweth Him : but ye know Him : for He dwelleth with you, and shall be in you.' ' BT PERSONAL DECISION.' The Eev. Allan Webb, in speakingtothi!, said they bad had separation unto God ehown to be in accordance with His will, ?through the death of Christ and by the action of the Holy Spirit; he had now to ' treat 'with their part of the matter. This separation was portrayed in the Kevr Testament under the figure pf a servant, or more correctly, following the Greek— a Dond-slave ? this implied absolute sub mission. A Eoman master had uncondi tional control of the disposal of his slave, he might submit him to any torture, cr ? *.^a i»,m int.n- tln- nr^nft to he filnin for tbi- entertainment of the assembled spectators, and he would certainly claim all the product of bis labors. This should be their attitude towards God. They must ask Christ to brand them as His, and then they would not have a moment of time or an atom of effects to hold at their own disposal apart from His will ; but actually this was not the standard of Christian life, the Church had fallen far below this. Generally men ac quired salvation, and rejoiced in the fact, ? and after an amount of hymn-singing and self- congratulation on the fact he sat quietly down to please himself, perhaps contributing to the Church and avoiding all outward evil actions, and thought himself a very good man indeed. To explain what was meant by separation to God he would epitomise it thus, ' Yield yourselves to God as those risen from the dead,' and with reoard to their attitude to the world he would say in the words of St. Paul, ' Come out from among them and [be ye separate.' In connection with this be referred to the Kazarite, as described in the sixth chapter of Numbers. The wine to be abstained from meant not merely intoxicating liquors, but all wordly pleasures and excitement. It was grievous to the Spirit to see Christians occupying their lime and mind with vain amusements, which if they had any spirituality tbeir own consciences condemned. If they wished to rise in the higher life they should with draw from the opera, the theatre, and the ball-room. It was necessary that they should follow the example of Christ, who came not to do Ilia own will, and if they would wholly geparate themselves from the ?world and emulate wim in this respect, asking each day what he would have them to do, and thus yield themselves to God in all things, their lives would be one sweet song of praise to Him. He could speak from experience on tin's point, as it was only within the last two years he had thus surrendered himself, and he could assure them that though he had been a believer for 30 years previously it was only after this entire surrenderthat he experienced the ful ness of blessing. Prior to that his experience had been a succession of light and shade, and a continual state of uncertainty. In conclusion, he said the practical question was— Was each one there willing to thus surrender himself entirely to God ? If so, he could assure them of a fulness of joy and blessing never before realised. Addresses will be given to-day on ' Failuie in separation to .God' and ' Th« remedy for the failure,' by the Rev. E. C. Tennent and Pastor Jl'Cullough in the afternoon, and the Revs. J. Lavers and Allan Webb in the evening. 