POLICE NEWS, ; Street Obstruction.— Several charges of obstructing the streets occupied tho attention of the District Court yesterday. In the majoritv of cases the defendants were foreign hawkers, aud it was stated by the police that the men were all employed by one ma-ter, who imported them specially, aiul sent them about the streets with handcarts. 1 he special case beforo the court nt the , time was in connection with a man named John Caslin, and the beuch, in imposing a line of 10s., stated that in tho future the maximum penalty would be imposed in every instance. Not only were, tho men an obstruction to the public thoroughfares, but it was an injustice to shopkeepers, paying heavy rents for premises, that these men should bo allowed to ply in the streets. It would be an advisable course fur tlio City Council to pass a by-law patenting itinerant hawkers from trading in tho maiii thoroughfares. LlCKNSiNu C/V6ty.— In the District Court yester day tlio poiico proceeded against N. Cavanugh, licensee of tho Adelaide Club Hotel, Spencer-street, for Sunday trading. '1 bo defendant pleaded guilty, and urged in mitigation of the penalty tlmt it waa his first offence against the act. A tine of 40s. was imposed. I.n a State oh Poverty.— An elderly man, over 6 feet high, describing himself as a wool classer, and giving the name of Samuel Campbell Hammond, was charged at the Footscray police court on Mon day W>th heino ail Idle silid dt-inirlprlv nnrwnn Th" - Yarraviilo, police stated that the accused was in a dreadful condition from tilth, so much so that when working fur a day or two at thq Victoria Sugar Works ho was observed to be covered with vermin. He liud in his possession a Freemason's certificate from tho Grand Scottish Lodge of Freemasons, which tho police behove he had picked up. He lav about tho streets for the past week in a statu of semi-nakedness, his clothes being in tattera. Tho prisoner said ho had come from the old country to gut employment as a wool classor. Lie bad tried other work. Sumo Freemasons in the lucidity hav ing promised to help him, be bad hung about tho place. The magistrates sentenced him to four weeks' liard IalK»r. a Stabui.nu Case.— At tho Prahran court on Monday a vputig man, named Herbert Emerson, was clianeocTwitfi Inflicting grievous bodily huriu on one William Montgomery. The case as represented by the prosecutor was that on the evening of Satur day, tho 3rd last., prisoner, prosecutor ami others wore under tho influence of liquor at Buckingham's boarding house, South .Yarra, when an altercat 5on ensued, resulting in a fight. The combatant v ire Buckingham and a man named May, and at tho conclusion of the tight prosecutor, assisted by Mrs. Buckingham, attempted to get Buckingham into his beu, when tho prisoner interfered. Another tight between prosecutor and tho prisoner theu took place, during the course of which prisoner drew a knife from ma pocket, when Mrs. Buckingham ran between tbera, and was kuocked down by prisonor. Prosecutor, while in the act of pick ing her up, was deliberately stabbed in the arm by accused, ami on his being removed1 to the hospital a wound an inch in length and an inch in depth was found to have been inflicted by the blow. . Mr. Williams, for the defence, contended that the bouse was advinking den, and in view oftbcchnrac-, ter of the parties interested, the beuch discharged the prisoner without bearing the ovideuce for the . defence. The South Melbourne Street Robbery.— At the South Melbourne police court on Monday, the brothers Leonard Strickland and George Strickland were charged with assaulting and robbing Jessie Russell, cashier to Mr. Webb, butcher, Clarendon street, of a handbag containing about £100 in notes, gold and silver. Detective Cawsey shortly stated the circumstances connected with the outrage, as detailed in The Age of Monday, and asked for a remand, to enable him to communicate with the Tasmanian police with reference to the accuseds' career in that colony. Prisoners were remanded till Saturday next. assaulti.no a Police Constable.— At tho Port Melbourne court u» Monday Michael Peter was clmrged with unlawfully assaultiug Walter Steole. The latter, a constable, stationed at Port Mel- bourne, deposed that shortly after 11 o'clock on the night of the Vthinst., whilst oh duty And in bar racks, ho heard sounds of a disturbance, and think- trig some of his comrades might be in trouble, he went out in plain clothes aud proceeded to the corner of Grahatu and btoko streets, where he saw defendant and several other foreigners having a dispute. He went up to where they were standing, and before he hud time to say a word one of the crowd struck him a blow, which knocked him down, aud on regaining Iris feet, aud while crying to gee out his handcuff's, accused knocked him down twice with blows from a stick Witness gave chase to the man who had tirst assaulted him and caught him, but accused came up and struck hiui another blow on the head with a stick, and his first assailant, whom he could not identify, escaped. Prisonor was tined 40s. or seven days' imprisonment. Sumk Carlton Larrikins.— Alexander Wilson and William Uaylur were each charged at the Carlton police court on Monday with moulting behavior. Constable Foley stated that at about 10 o'clock on Saturday night the two men were acting in a disorderly manner at the corner oi Madeline and Victoria streets. Hu advised tbcuite go away, but they ran into the middle of the road, and Uaylor wished to "go" for tho police. The men wore both arrested, ami Constables Fuluv and Roach conveyed thorn to the lock-up. Tim bench inflicted a fine of 20s., in default Beven days' im prisonment- Insultj.no Behavior.— Two young men named Patrick Brown and James llassott were charged at the CarUon court, on Monday, with insulting behavior. Constables Coleman and Vizard staled that at about 6 o'clock on Saturday evening the prisoner Brown was near the Uitie Brigade ilolel, Elgin-street, engaged in a tight. On their approach ho and Hasse.t, who was with Uhu, made oil into Palmoraton-street, where the tight was continued, Hnssctt taking part also. They were then arrested mid taken to the lock up. Tho prisoners told the bench that they got loo much liquor and did no! know what they wero doing, aiul they wore ouch fined 40s., in default 14 days imprisonment. Vagrancy.— A man named Samuel Riehardeoi was charged at the Carlton court on Monday critl vagrancy. Richardson bad only been released fron gaol on Thursday, after serving three months fori similar offence, and on Suiiday night Cousiobh Foley locked him up again, Richardson thus not having hardly achauce. Those matters wore ex plained to the benoh, but nevertheless ha was sen tenced to three months' imprisonment. Carrli Heriiert, Alice Cochrane aud Euima Bryant, vliai Elbut M'LoughUn, wero also eacli charged with vagrancy. Tho evidenco went to show that for the past fortnight the wouion have been a perfect nuisance in the vicinity of the Globe Hotel aud the corporation baths. Persons could not pass the corner of Madeline and Victoria streets without being accosted by these women. They were frequently to bo found sitting in the gatter drinking bottles of ale with the lowest thieves aud prostitutes that frequent the city. The beuch sentenced the women Herbert and Bryant to threo months' imprisonment, and Coohrane to one month. A Brutal Assault.— a nflddloaged man named Stephen Erie was charged at the Footscrav poiico court mi Monday witu a violent assault on a porter named Austin, employed at the local railway sta tion. The latter observed Erie cross from one plat form to the otlicr, and following to expostulate, accused brutally dashed a cauo across his face, leaving a wound. The forco of tho blow knocked him down. Erie stated ho had no recollection of what had occurred, as be was the worse for liquor. Tliu bench fined him £2 or 14 days. a Railway Prosecution.— gtephon Premier- ghost was proceeded against by Dot active S. Wilson, of the Railway department, at the Footscray poiico court yesterday, for attempting to defraud by travolling on a ticket that wus out of date. Porter MTCny, stationed at Spottiswoode, deposed that defendant alighted from the 10.40 a. ul train froui Melbourne on Sunday, 7th Inst., and uitoted the bottom half of a return YarntvilJe ticket issued the previous day, .Saturday, lie gavo the name of David or Daniel Murphy, and was evasive and abusive. He subsequently identified him at work at Mr. Prusk-Fa factory at YurraviUe. i'roudorgast, who «ald he was tho worse for liquor at the tiino was iiued 20s., with 21s. costs. 