OR. THE DAYS OF THE MESSIAH. By LEW. WALLACE. ^BOOK SEVENTH. Ohasteb V. — The Hekald akd His King. The third day of the journey the party hatted €-y the river Jabbok, .where ttietsc were a hna died or moremen, ;ino^ly:of Pars*, resting ? lteniBel»esatid-theiil)eaiBts. Hardly bad Chey jflifimonnledUbet ore a man came'to them 'with a pitcher of water and a bowl and offered them -drink ; asthey reeeTved the attention with much ?courtesy be said, looking at the camel, ' I am returning from the Jordan, where just now there are xnanv neonle from distant Darts, tra vtilirg as you are, illustrious friend ; bat they iad none of them the equal of your servant here. A very noble animal. May I ask of what breed _ .ie is sprung?' °H«3i?attga.T annnrprfiflj awrl unnght hid rm&. « ~ %»at Ben-Hiny more curious, took up, Che rs anaifc. ~ '' ? ! ? . . ?'Atjenat silflC6 on toe river are the people T ieselfced... ... r, «atBBthabam.' ? -*«£t Bsed to be a loaesowB tord/'said Sea ! Hnr.- 'ICMmot-nnaerstand how S canhsvebe KXxdb 'of wich interest/* Hl£ee,Jn;J£he stranger repliid ; ' you, toOjiara \- from- -abroad, -ami -hfive-not fleard the good 'W«31, a man has appeared out of the wildemeES— a'SEiylioly man— with his mouth iullof otwBge words, which take bald of all ?who hear-them. fie calls inmeelf John the eon of ZaoBtaiap, and«ays neis the messenger asqit before fenMnwA.' Sven, Iras listened -closely -while the man XQBtmned— 'They say of 1Mb John that ha has spent his : life from^hildbood in a«ave down 4)yEn-gedi, praying and living more strictly than the JJesents. Crowds go to hear him preach. I ?srent to hear him. with the rest.'1 ''Have all these, your friends, been there?' 'Meet of them axe going ; a few ace earning 'What does he preadif 'Anewdortrine— one never before taught in Israel, as all say. He calls it repentance and baptism. The rabbis, do not know what to jntabe of him; nor do we. Some have asked iim if be is the Christ, others if he is Elias ; -trot to them'hebBBthe ?answer, *Iam the voice ? flf^one crying in the wilderness, Hake straight . ihe way,ofl£eIjQrd!n ' _;, &t; this point the man was called away by \- iuaizieDi^Li jashe^maa going^Baithasar spoke. 'Good etr*Big?erJ' he said tremulously, 'tell ^«s»if we;ehall find the preacher at tne place you left him?' 'Y^atBethateta.' : **f?iio should this preacher foe?1' said Ben Snr to Iras, 'if Bat the herald of our King?' \- In aoehort b lame he had oome to regard the . haughtier ashore interested in the mysterious .personage 4e- was looking-for than the aged lather. Nevertheless the latter, with a pad live glow in ids sunken 'eyes, half arose, and ?*ud— . ''Let nscaake haste, I am not tired.' Theyinrnedawsy to help the slave. There was little conversation between the three at the stopping-place for the night west ?of BamothGilead. 'Let usarise early, Bon of Hnr,' said the \- old man. *The Saviour may some, and we atot^here.' *'T3ie King cannot he far behind Hie herald,' Jras -whispasd as «he prepared Co take her place on the cameL 'To-morrow we will see,' Ban-Hur replied, Mseiiig her h&Bd.; Next day about the third hour, out of the WB through which, skirting the base of mount Gilead, they had journeyed since leaving EamDth, ti&e; party, came upon the barren «teppe east of the sacred river. Oppo site them they saw the upper limit of the old jMdm lands of Jericho, stretching off to the tin country of Judea Ben-Hur'e blood ran quickly, for he knew the ford was close at sand. 'Content you, good Balthasar,' he said; 'we toe almost there.' The driver quickened the camel's pace. Soon they caught eight of .booths and tents and tethered animals; and then of the ri rser, and a multitude collected down close by the bank, And yet another multitude on the western chore. Knowing that tbe preacher was preach ing, they, made greater haste ; yet, as they trere drawing near, suddenly there was a com motion in the mass, and it began to break up «au disperse. They were too late ! 'Let us stay there,' said Ben-Hnr to Bal thaeaE, who «m wringing hia hands. ' The {nrophct may-came this way.' The people were too intent upon what they iad heaid, and too busy m discussion, to notice: the new-comers. When some hundreds were gone by, and at seemed Hist the opportunity to seethe preacher was lost to the hitter, up the liver not far away they beheld a person coming-, towards them of Buch singular appearance they forgot all eke. Outwardly the man was rude and uncouth, even savage. Over a thin, gaunt visage of the ime of brown parchment, over his shoulders and down hia back below the middle, in witch likc ioi&s;, fella covering of sun scorched hair. His eyes were burning bright, ffia right shoulder ma naked, and of the color of nia face, and quite asmeagre; a shirt of die coarsest ?camel b hair— coarse as Bedouin tent-cloth ? clothed the' rest of his person to tbe knees, being gathered at the waist by a broad girdle -rf pntanned leather. His feet were bare. A scrip,. aUo of untanned leather, waa fastened to the girdle. He used a knotted staff to help Iuzb. forwurd. Bis movfimtatt -waa quick deluded, and strangely watchful Every little while he tossed the unruly hair from his eyes, and peered round as if iearching for somebody. The fair Egyptian surveyed the son of the Desert with surprise, not to say disgust;. Pee. sently, raising thB curtain of the houiab, ehe spoke' to Ben-Hur, who sat on his horse near *-y. *' Is that the herald of thy King ?' I 'It is the Baptist,' he replied without look ing op. In truth he was himself more than disap pointed. Despite his familiarity with tue ascetic colonists in En Gedi— their drees, their indifferenoH to vM worldly opinion, their con stancy to vows which gave them over to every imaginable suffering of boiy, and separated then; from others of thpir kind as absolutely as if Vfc* y ha3 tot bten born like them— and not withstanding he had bei-n notified on the way to look f«r a preacher whose simple description cf himself was a Voice from the Wilderness — ftill Ben Hur's dreara of ths King who was to h* eo great and do so much hid colored | all his thought of Him. eo that h? neper doiibted to fiud i» the forerunner aome sigu or token of the* eoortline^s aud royalty he was an nouncing-. Giziog at the eavage fiaure before hia', the loce trains of courtiers whom h.8 bad been used to «e in tUa ihera ;o aiid imperial corridors at Sottie aro?e before him. foi'ciag a coa-p-iti.-on. Shocked, tih.i^i-?d, bsivildered, he ccuid only answer — 'It it -he B*pt!6t-.!I With Bi!fha-ar it wss vRry di2ererit. The Wi«j8 ol (jk'Ci, he kMT, wdi-d not as men woulil have them. He, hai seen the Sivioar a child in a macger, and was prepared by bis fai'h for tha ruie aad simple in connection witu ths Divine reappear ance. So he kept his se^t, his h.^nds crossed upon bis breast, bis lips moving in prayer. He was net expecticg a kin^. In this time cf sash interest to tue nev comerSj and in which they were so d iif ei-ently movtd, another siati had besn fitting by him self en a stone as the edga of ths rirer, think ing yet, probably, of the sermon he had bsea hearing. Now, hoirever. he arose, and walked slowly up from the shore, in a caurae to tike him across the lice the Baptist was pursuing and bring him Bear the cameL And the two— the preacher sad the 8t?anger — Ivc-pt on until they came, the former within 20 yard? of the auiinvl, the latter within 10 fett. Then the preacher stopped, and fiang the hair from his eyeB, looked at the stringer, tluew bis haudo up a* a signal to all the peopia in right ; and they a'so stopped, each, in taa pose ol a listener ; and when the hush w perfect, Blowly the etaff in the Biptiat's right hand came dosn pointed at the btrarger. All those who before were but liafce&ers; became watchera &li;=o. At the tame iastanfc, ucdor the satna iai pulte, Baltbasar and Ben- Hur fixed ttieir gaze upon the man pointed out, and bo-h took tbe eaice impression, only in different decree. He was moving slowly towards them in a clear epace a little to their front, a form slightly above the average in stature, and slender, evea delicate. His action was calm and deliberate, like tbat habitual to men much gifen to eerions thought upon grave subjects; and it well became fcis costume, which was an under pariiieut Jull-eleeved and reachiBg to the ankles, and an outer roba called the talith ; on his left arm he carried the usual handkerchief for tbe bead, tlie red fillst swinging looss dowa bis side. Except the fillet and a narrow border of blue at the lower edge of the talith, bis attire was of iinen yellowed with dust and roadstsins. Possibly the exception should be eatended to tbe tassels, which were blue aud whits, as preearibtd by law for rabbis. His Esndals were of the site pleat kind. Ha was without f crip or eirdle or staff. These poicte of appearance, however, the tbree brhoiders ob3ervsd briefly, and rather as accessories to th^ head and face of tbe man, which — especially the latter — were the real sources of the spell they caught in common with all who etoodi looking at him. The head wss^ open to the cloudless light, except as it was draped with hair long aad slightly waved, and parted in the middle, and auburn in tint, with a tendency to reddish golden where most strongly touched by the sun. Under a broad, low forehead, under black well arched brows, beamed eyes dark-blue and large, and softened to exceeding tenderness by lathes of the great lecpth sometimes teen on children, but eeldom. if ever, en men. As to the other features, it would have been difficult to decide whether they were Greek or Jewish. The delicacy of tbe nostrils and mouth was unusual to the latter type; and when it wag taken into account with tbe gentleness of the eyes, the pallor of the complexion, the fine texture of the bair, and the softness of the beard, which fell in waves over his throat to Ms breast, never a soldier but would have laughed at him in encounter, never a woman who would not have confided in him at sight, never a child that would not, with quick instinct, have given him its hand and whole artless trust ; nor might any one have said he was not beautiful. (Fhefeatnres, it should be farther said, were ruled by a certain expression which, as the viewer chose, might with equal correctness have been colled the effect of inteflieence. lore. pity, -or sorrow; though in better speech it was » blending of them all— a look easy to fancy as the mark of a sinless eoul doomed to the sight and understanding of the utter sin fulness of those among whom it was passing ; yet withal no one could have observed the face =wiSi ?& thought of weakness in the man; so, at least, would not they who blow that the qualities mentioned*— love, bohsow, pity — are the resnltB of a conscionsness of strength to bear suffering oftener than strength to do; each has been the eight of martyns aad de votees and.the myriads written down in saintly calendars. And «ucb, .indeed, was the air of this one. Slowly He drew near — nearer the three. Now Ben- Her, mounted and spear in hand, was an object to claim the glance of a king ; yet the ejes of the man approaching were all the time raised above him— and not to Iras, whose loveliness has been so often remarked, bnt to Balthasar, the old and unserviceable; The huph was profound. Presently the Baptist, still pointing with his staff, cried in a loud voice : ' Behold the Lamb of God, which taketh away the sin of the world !' The many standing still, arrested by the action of the speaker, and listening for what might follow, were struck with awe by words eo ttrange ai-d past their understanding ; npon Balthasar they were overpowering. He was there to eee once more title Redeemer of men. The faith whieh had brought him the singular privileges of the time long gone abode yet in his heart; aad if now it gave him a power of vision above that of his fellows— a power to see and know Him for -whom he was looking — better than calling the power a miracle, let it be thought of as the faculty of a soul not yet entirely released from the divine relations to which it had been formerly admitted, or as the fitting reward of a life in that age eo without examples of holiness— a life itself a miracle. The ideal of his faith was before him, perfect in face, form, dress, action, age ; and he was in its view, and the view was recognition. Ah, now if something should happen to identify the stranger beyond all doubt ! And that was what did happen. Exactly at the fitting moment, as if to assure the trembling Egyptian, the Baptist repeated the cry — ' Bebold the Lamb of God, which taketh away the tin of tbe world.' Baltbasar fell upon his knees. For him there was no need of explanation ; and a? if the Baptist knew it, he turned to those more immediately about him staring in wonder, and continued— 'This is He of whom I said, After me cometh a man which is preferred before me ; for He was before me. Aid I knew Him not ; but that He should be manifest to Israel, therefore am I come baptising with water. I saw the Spirit descending from heaven like a dove, and it abode npon Him. And I knew Him not ; but He that sent me to baptise with water the eame sail unto me, Upon whom thou shalt eee - the Spirit descending and re maining on Him the same is He which bap tieeth with the Holy Ghost. And I shw and bare record that this' — he paused, his etaff still pointing at the stranger in the white gar ments, as if to give a more absolute certainfcp to both his words and tile conclusions intended — ' I bare record that this it the SOK OF UOD.' 'It is He, it is He !' Balthasar cried with upraised tearful eyes. Next moment he sank down insensible. All this time, it should be remembered, Ben Hur was studying the face of the stranger, though with an interest entirely different. He was not insensible to its purity of feature, and its thoughtfulnese, tenderness, humility, and holiness; but just then there was -room in his mind for but one thought — Who is this man ? And what? Messiah or king? Never was apparition more unroyal. &-'ay, looking at that calm, benignant countenance, the very deaoi war and conquest, and lust of dominion, emote him like a profanation. He said, as if speaking to his own heart— Balthasar must be right and Simonidee wrong. This man has not come to rebuild tbe throne of Solomon; He has neither the nature nor the genius of fiercd ; king be may be, but not of anotherand greater than Borne. Tbis w«s not a conclusion with Ben Hur, but an impression merely; and while it was forming, while yet he gazed at the wonderful countenance, his aiemory began to throe and struggle. 'Surely,' he said to himeelf. 'I have seen the man; bnt where and when?' That the look, bo calm, bo pitiful, eo loving, had some where in a past time beamed upon him as that moment it was beaming upon Balthasar became an as surance. Paintly at first, at last a clear light, a burst of sunshine, the scene .by the well at Nazareth that time the Roman guard was daaggitMt him to tie galleys returned, and all his ' being thrilled, Tiuee hands- had helped him when hewae-periBhiog. Tfae^fwe was one of the pictures he had owned in mind ever since. In the effusion of feding excited, the explana ' .'turn of the Tj readier was'loBt 4iy -nim, aii but the last words— words eo marvelldas that the world .yet rings with them.. ?* —this is the Sou OF Gop .V Ben-Hur leaped from lus bocee to gender homage to his benefactor; but Iras -cried to him, 'Help, son of Hot, hel&.or my father will die.' He stopped, looked back, then hurried to her assistance. She gave him. a cup, and leaving tbe slave to bring tbe cancel to its knees, he ran to the river for water. The fctrEDfier was goce when he came back, I At last Balthaear was restored to conscious- J dfpb. Stretching forth his hands, ha asked i ftebly, 'Whore is He V ! 'Who?' asked Iras. An intense instant interest shone upon the i good man's face, as if a last wish had baea j gtatiiitd, and beanswereo — ' 'He — the Redeemer— the Sou of God, whom i I have seen again.' | '* EeSievest thou so?' Iras asked ia a low j voicF of Ben-Iiur. I ' Top iic:e is Jull of wonders; let us sraiV j was all he said. ! And ct--t day, while the three were listening 1 to him, the Baptist broke off in midspaeeh, ] Eajisg reverently, ' Eebold the Limb cf ( Joel !' j Lotiticg to vrbere he pointed they baheld i tbe btiasgcr agaiu As iJeu Hur sarveyei the ; rietdtr tigure. and holy beautiful countenance i coD^pasfiotate to sadness, & new idea broke r.pr-c bim. ' Baltbasar in ri^Ut — so ia Sim-'inidi€3. May not the Rtdeemer be a Kitie also?' | And he fcuked uue at his side, ' Who is the j lean walkicp yonder ':' ' The other laughed mockingly, scd rep'ied— \ ' He ia the son of a carpenter over ia Xaza retb,' ( To be continued. ) 