u s z m u x o m x o t e s . [ from 008 OWN CORRESPONDENT.] Monday, The principal subject o! discussion, as e expected, during last week was the Electoral Hill, hut though xnett of the ■limbers.«f the.Aasembly held forth on tbe question, the discussion was not hroagbt to * close with the adjournment on Thursday sig h t The reception which (he Bill met with was anything bat fricadly, hvdly a sir-gle member saying a word'for it, those wbo expressed lheir intention of supporting the second reading telling the Government p rn ty plainly tbai it a ll dots not go in Commute* as they like they will vote against the third retdiog. Mr Bent has entered into a compart with the head of tbe Government that a division shall be token ou Tuesday, bat it is not the first time that the rank and file of the Opposition have refused to carry oat tbe promises of tb& chief. So that i t it not a t aU certain when tb e . vote will be taken. Some very suggestive speeches w ere' made iu the conrse of the debate- While : the city members generally com pleted of (he peculiar rale* which had been followed in the alteration of the boundsries, ’ the members representing country con-1 st tueneies were very eloquent about (he i extensive correspondence which they hsd ! to catry on in carrying out tbe views of their constituencies. This state of things seems to suggest th a t much of the business is private rather tban public. The Exhibition has bean well attended i during th e week, tbe fin# weather con-1 tidersbly helping in the result. People from (he coualry are now flocking iu in large numbers, e:<d with those who are already coming here far the races, tbe city keeps ptetty full. T he concerts at tbs great show are growisg in popularity, and it is consequently not always certain that persons who to desire will be able to bo pteatnt on any given evening. We arc to have quite an incursion of Ballarat juveniles this week and uert. O n toe U fh a special train is to bring down 2000, and on the 24th soother train, which hsi been specially chartered, will briogdown s similar cumber, while another large consignment a ill he brought here on tbe 26th. We reached the highest pitch of excitement on Saturday last in reference to the land-sole mania. There were nearly 70 sales, and for these tbe Railway CommisMonera found it necessary to provide t ains for 60. Some of those wbo coBcort tbe advertisements far these s*le»>r» mor*i energetic (has jedieioar. Tbe last idea is te produce port rails of a number of statesmen who would have liked to be there, mud in the middle of the group is given that of tbe Isle Karl Beacons field. They ttu h t just as well have included the ghost ia Hamlet. Au accident, which shows what escapes ome people bare while under the influence of liquor, occurred a t Toorak on Friday night- Two gentlemen who were going from Government House to tbe residence of tbe Hon. F. Ormecd hired a hansom cab to make tbe journoy. The cabman was under the influence of liquor, and as he was not going right they dismissed him, fortunately for themselves. He turned dowo towards the river, and getting off the track, horse, cab, and drivrr went down a precipice over 80ft high. Nothing was heard of the lnraout till the followingmoroiug, when th e jebo was fonnd on a ledge by the river, the horse having in a miraculous manner got over on to the opporite bank, after leaving hair on various tlumps in bis descent on the cliff. Tbe hansom was completely smashed, tbe remains of it being found tbis morning further dona tbe stream. The Dnirersity Boat fiace which took place ou (he Lower Yarra on Saturday fast though j-ot attended as we may expect to see tbem attended when the events which are to be annual become more known, drew a fair number of persons to tbe river, wbo went down in the strsmer Alfaa'Tdas, For the first time crews representing Melbourne, Adelaide, and Sydney took part in a trial of strength. Melbourne proved too good for tbeir opponent#, Adelaide oaly grttiflgwitbip fivf boils’ lengths of them tnd the Sidney m m being much further aw*y. No 7 id 'h e Sydney crew broke i oar blade wbveh may in tome measu s ount for tbeir position. The Melbourne Hunt ( lnb meeting, which "begin* a aeriet of important Taee meetings, took place at Flemington on Stfurday1- The weather was favorable, and tb e attendance was good. Iu tbe Selling Kafir, which was the first on tbe programme, only two candidates fared tbe starter, Clarendon aud St. Albert, ibe former winning by a length and a half For theH untH urdie* 10 started, Lepor rallo being fimb Woodbine second, and H sronej ibird. F t p l t u won the H ont Cop. beating N arreug, Dollar, and seven other* For the Flat Eace, Fishwife, Tonrbillipn, and Blue Bell cs&ie; in in that order, while in the Steeplechase the pl*oi« were filled, by Irishman, Curiosity, and Beadsman I L In this event Keyal Oak broke his neck. Tbe Corinthian F lat fiace was won b y W biaperer from Bine fieli aad Oxford. T he oale&dar; o f the Criminal PessioQi for (hia mestb has a vcty dark look from a colonial point of view. Twenty-fix • vsonen we e arraigned, all tying f native* of . t An*iralia, i ” and ’ ■ 14 • belonging ’ to Victoria.. Tb# bulk of the charges were iinau t and robbery, aDd in (he cares of t ro of them sentences for robbery witb violence war# awarded of sevoa yean, with 16 lube* each. 