MONSIEUR SILVAIN'S SECRET (Argosy.) Monsieur Silvain had not at all the look of a man with a teeret; being a brisk, dapper, cheerful, little gentleman of middle-age, with a round, clean- shaven face, short-sighted blue eyas, and a month which wore a perpetual smile. He "was a hacheler, and affected a juvenile style of dress. In manners he was tile pink of politeness and urbanity, and in conversation was perfectly trank aud unreserved ou every subject save one. For about three years ho had occupied rooms. in the Ruo Yaviu, on the second floor of a house near the Luxembourg Gardens. Every day, Sundays and têtes not excepted, ho left home at niue aud relumed at fiix, but how he was occupied during his absence was a mystery. When questioned as to the nature of his busi- ness or profession, Monsieur Silrain either politely evaded the inquiry, or else petrified the interrogator with a stony stare which effectually checked further indiscretion. If, as had more than once happened, he was followed ou his way to ' business,' he adroitly contrived to give his pur- suers the slip after exhausting them with a long and exciting chase. In spite of the mystery attached to him, the little gentleman was far from un- popular. Ho was reputed to be rich, and was known to be generous, while his politeness and geniality commended him to everyone. Even old Musird, his concierge, though aggrieved by the ' second-floor's ' unaccountable reserre, had been heard to admit that ' there couiin't be much harm in a man who had a good word for every- one, carried bonbons iu his pocket for the children, and was a providence to all the poor in the neighbourhood.' Such'was Monsienr Silvain, and such had been the tenour of his life for three years or thereabouts, when, one bleak j November evening, having returned to his apartments at the usual hour, aud made some changes in his dress, he pre- pared to sally forth again to the restau- rant where he was in the habit of dining. ; Jauntily descending the stairs, he was crossing the landing below his own, when he was arrested by an unusual sound, proceeding from the rooms that opened on to it. Bo was on terms of neighbourly in- timacy wtyh their occupants, the elderly widow of a retired colonel, but it was certainly neither Madame Evrard, nor Marthe, her stout bonne, who was singing with such thrilling sweetness and pathos the old melody of ' Ma Normandie.' ' Charming,; charming V commented Monsieur Silvain, half-aloud, refreshing himself from his snuff-box as he listened. 'A pure soprano, admirably trained. I wonder who Madam's visitor can be, and whether her face matches her voice ? By-the by, I owe my neighbour a visit. Why not'pay it now ?' Without further hesitation he rang the ! bell. Instead of the buxom Marthe in her: white cap aud apron, it was a young lady i who answered his summons. A sweet faced, fair-haired girl of nineteen, in a well-worn black dress with a knot of winter violets in her breast. The effect of this pleasaut apparition! on Monsieur Silvaiu was remarkable, not to say mysterious. He peered at her j doubtfully for a moment through his eye- j glass, thou started and drew back, giving j her a glance of wondering and delighted recognition. Perceiving, however, that í there was no answering consciousness on lier face, but surprise and some amuse- ment at hi« bewildered expression, he quickly recovered himself, and saluted her witti ceremonious politeness. ' Pardon, Mademoiselle, can I hav . the pleasure of seeing Mídame Evrard She inclined her head iu assent, ¡md preceded him across the ante-oh i i'>er iuto a cosy little panelled sitting t oo in, lighted - only by the flickering gleam of a \ woed fire, which revealed tho figure of its occupant sitting severely upright in a high-backed chair by the hearth, knitting energetically. The officer's widow was a bright-eyed, well-preserved woman of fifty, with a quick manner aui a shrewd, but not un- kindly face. 'Ah. Monsieur Silvain, is it yoaf I thought you had forgotten mo,' she said, arresting her knittmg-pins for a moment tq shake hands with him. 'Take a seat, and let mo introduce you to this young friend of mine-the orphan daughter- of an old cqmradè of my husband. Henee, my neighbour. Monsieur Silvain.' Briuging his heels together, thc visitor bowed with the grace of a marquis of the old regime, murmuring with a smile that he was 'enchanted.' . 1 hopo you happen to be fond of umsic,' the widow" proceeded briskly, * for Rúense is cqme to jive with me, and it will be unfortunate |f you are annoyed by her practising.' '.* y i^^^'mtAtlmio f* . I «hall :bi .. :.«ui|i^^*^|o^P ' he pioteBted.; ' Music is my passion, and to hear such «u-artiste-as itudemoiseHe is a "treat in- deed. Allow mo to congratulate you and your; charming friend ou this most happy arrangement/ ' Yes I think it will be an advantage to both of us,' she acquiesced. ' But much greater on my side than on your's, Madame Evrard,' the girl rejoiued, bending."to kiss Ihe elder lady's cheek. * If you knew how delightful it is after living in solitary lodgings so long to have a home to return to and a friend to wel- come me when my day's work is doue !' * You might have had them mouths ago if yon had let mo kuow vou wore îu Paris, instead of leaving mo to find it out by chance.' «I feared-' ' Yes, I know ; you are a proud girl,' her friend interrupted, tapping lier cheek with a knitting-needle. Then, turning to the visitor, who, with his eyeglass fixed on his nose, was lookiug profoundly in- terested and sympathetic, she continued : 'Quiet as she looks, this is a very ad- venturous and independent young lady, Monsieur Silvain. When her father died, titree years ago, leaviug her to face the world alone, she adopted music as her profession, and, not being appreciated in her native place, Rouen, came up to Paris last year with the hope-' ' Of covering myself with laurels,' Renee put in. * But alas ! here I am, still unknown to fame, giving lessons at four francs an hour. A melaucholy ex- ample of frustrated ambition.' ' Nb matter Í a woman was never the ! happier for being famous/ Madame Evrard returned, consolingly; 'we must fiad you & husband, my child ; you will cease to care for laurels when you have woru orange-blossoms. What say you, | Monsieur Silvain ?' ! ' Undoubtedly, Madame, it is better to be happy than famous,' he auswered, absently, without removing his eyes from the girl's face. She ' looked at him demurely as he leaned with folded arras an the back of Madame Evrard's chair. 'If you consider marriage equivalent to happiness, Monsieur Silvain, pardon me for asking hew it is you are still a bachelor ?' He shrugged his shoulders with a de- precating smile. . ' Mademoiselle, I must plead that it is not my fault, but my misfortune. Con- stantly occupied in my-^-ahem !-official duties, I have positively had no leisure hitherto to think of matrimony, but I hope-' ...... ' Your official duties ?' the widow inter- rupted quickly. 'Then you have a post under Government, Monsieur Silvain?' Ho dropped hid glove, and stooped to pick it up. * I-ahem-have occupied my present position for a number of years, Madame.' * Ah-a snug birth, I daresay fr" ' Very snug,' he replied, smoothing his hat and examining with a sudden appear- ance of interest the maker's name inside. Then, as it anxious to change the conver- sation, he turned to Renee. * Do not let my presence prevent you frjm finishing that charming sung, Made- moiselle.' 'Not that old-fashioned thing, child,' Madame Evrard interposed. 'Fetch the lamp, and let us have something worth hearing.' The visitor's eyes followed her from, the room with a look which his companion was not slow to notice. 'I seo that you admiro my young friend,' she remarked. 'She is Adorable! such a union of grace, beauty, and sweetness I have never seen.' 'Yes, she is pretty,' the widow ad- mitted, impartially. ' Pretty ¥ pardon-the term is to com- monplace. Mademoiselle Renee has the fae»! of au angel-*nd the heart of one.' The last words were added in au under- tone, «si f spoken to himself. Her busy needles stopped abruptly, as she looked at him with upraised eyebrows. ' You must be a very aeute observer to discover her angelic qualities after being only five miuutes in her company. But iisrhaps you have heard something of her listorv-Miough I don't know who could have told you,' He shook his head with a smile. 'I do not even know her name, Madame, for you forgot to mention it just now. I judged from the sweetness of her expression.' 'Oh, I see. Like most men you give a pretty woman credit for all the virtues,' she remarked, drily. ' However, in this case you happen to be right, for Renee Duvilliem is-^' He pushed back his chair with a stifled. exclamation of surprise. '.Duvilliers,' ho repeated. * Is she a daughter Raymond Duvjlliers of Roueur" i ' Yes. You know him then P' ' I have heard of him, Madame,' ' You have heard nothing to his crsdit, \ I fear,' shaking her head significantly, 'fqr, between ourselves, the Captain was a 'bad man. flo began life With every ! advantage, but af ter squandering his for- i to living \¡y* his wit«. Hb retrieved Iiis "fortune "by arrich "marriage;" and; - though'," " pf 'dourso, lie soon rau through half his wife's money-she was an Englishwoman, older than himself-Rcuee would have been been loft fairly well off, if it had not been fur her own Quixotic self sacrifice. After lier father's death, she found among ¡tis papers a memorandum j concerning a certain Monsieur Mathieu, an exdanciug master, of Paris, whom the Captain had, well, I'm afraid I must say swindled, out of all his savings, under pretext of some brilliant investment, which only existed iu his own fertile im- : agination.' ' Monsieur Mathieu munt have been a weak and {credulous person,' her list- ener remarked, coolly taking muff. 'Possibly. But tvhat was Raymond Duvilliers ? Even when lie had it in his power to refund tho money, ho cruelly neglect od to do so, and loft the poor man's piteous appeal4 unanswered; for Renee found his le'toi's, dated nearly twenty years ago, with the seals un- broken.' *. Rb had his remedy at law.' ' No, for Duviliier.4 had managed to keep on the safe side of the code. Well,' she continued, ' you may think how shocked his daughter was At the dis- covery. She never rested till, by moans of advertisements in Parisian papers, she: had discovered her father's victim and made restitution. Hor property, being, unfortunately, under her own control, she at once refunded the greater part of the money, and undertook to pay the rest in annual instalments out of the pittance she had left herself, which she proposed to increase by teaching.' Monsieur Silvain coughed and changed his position abruptly. 'And this person -Mathieu-how could he accept tho re- paration, knowing that she had reduced herself to povery in order to-' ' He did not know it. The money was refunded through, her lawyer, in her father's name. 'She has never seen him, and koows nothing concerning him, ex- cept; what his letters told her. He furnished proofs of his identity, but gave no information as to his present position. Maître Delauuay, of Rouen, was her agent in the. matterrfrsorely .agaipst his ( with as it deprived his son Of a fortune.' 'How sop' ..'.Renee was engaged to ba married to Maurice pelabhay, whom she had known ' since childhood, but when she insisted bu beggaring herself, the notary and his wife peremptorily broke off the match, and as the youag mau is dependent on his parents, he was forced to give way. I'm afraid,' she. added with a sigh, ' that it will not be an easy matter to find the poor child another parti.' Her companion shut his snuff-box with an indignant snap. * Ton must have a poor opinion of my sex, Madame, if you think that beauty bud goodness such as hers--' ' Eh, my good sir, you are sadly behind the times!' his hostess interrupted, with a shrug. . ' What do beauty and goodness ? avail unless they are set off , by a golden frame ? It is not for hor " beaux yeux " that a girl is wooed now-a-days, but for "les beaux yeux de si cassette." But hush,' she broke in, 'Renee is comiug back.' The nest moment the girl appeared with the lamp in her hand. Feeliug instinctively that tho? liad been speakiug of her, slid glanced from one to the other as she placed it on the table, then looking moro closely at the visitor, bending her brows iu a puzzled frown. ' It is strauge,' she said, slowly, * your face seems familiar to me,' I caû't think of whom i is you remind me.' ' Soin.; friend at Rouen, perhaps t" Madame B vrard suggested. 'No; <>f someone here iu Paris, whom I have seen recently-' 'Every man ie said .to have his double. I should be curious to know of whom I can remind you,' he said composedly. She shook her head. 'I can't recollect, and now that I look at you again, the re- semblance vanishes. I daresay it was only fancy,' she said, as she opeued her music-book. Once iustalled at tho piano, she was not allowed to leave it till her repertoire was exhausted. Monsieur Sil- vain petitioned again and again ' for just one more ' song, till the evening had in- sensibly passed away. At last, suddenly becoming conscious of the fact that lie had not yet dined, their visitor, with a profusion of thanks and apologies, took his leave. When the little gentleman had bowed himself out, Madame Evrard turned to her companion and demanded abruptly : ' Well, what do you think of my neighbour P' Renee, who was still seated at the piano, running her fingers absently over the keys, wheeled round on the music stool. 'I-think he is charming, oharming!' she replied, with a manner; ' but he is a living anachronism. He ought to be a functionary of tho vieille cour, instead |of a dork under the ^Bep^blici 'But there ia «omtitMiig qúkint Iii»..''':«.:/.;? ,.:':;.'T.'. !? .. 1 '. ;.'. ' ' '" : and pleasant in Iiis old-fashioned gallan- try, and lie lias a face one can trust ."**"' 'I ain glad ¡you like him,'., her friend replied, complacently. ' I assure you that he returns the compliment with interest. lu fact, Renee, you hare made a conquest.' She girl lifted her pretty brows with a look os laughing incredulity. 'Really? I iiad no idea 1 was so fascinating. But what a very susceptible old gentleman he must be!' Old ?' hor f riend repeated with some resentment. 'I don't know what you call old. He can't be lunch over fifty. ' Well, that isn't exactly the first bloom of youth, isitr" ' 1 lt is the prime of life for a man: And tho doesn't look his age. With such good hair and teeth--' Renee broke into an irrepressible laugh. ' Why, Monsieur Silvain has be- witched your sight ! His luxuriant hair is the most iunoceut wig I evér saw ; and as fojr'hts teeth--.' ' Well; it doesn't matter,' Madame Evrard answered hastily ; ' a man's ap- pearance is of very little consequence if ho ia eligible iu every other respect which our neighbour undoubtedly is. Rich1, good-natured, and good- mannered; occupying, it appears, a responsible post undet* Government-let me tell yoii, Renée, that' such' a match is not to be de- spised by a girl in your position.' í Perhaps not,' she acquiesced, mildly ; 'but'as I happen to bo already en- gaged-' l'lie widow let tho knitting fall into her lap. ' Engaged P' eho repeated ; * co whom P' * To Maurice Dölaunay/ * Did you not tell me that the engage- ment had been broken off by his people three years ago P' 'Yo*-but not by himself.; He would' have married me ia defiance of them, but I told him I would not be his wife till till I had fulfilled my task and cleared my father's name of tho stain of dis- honour.' * And you think he will Wait for "you f": her- friend questioned, with a cynically ' compassionate smile ; * that shows how little, you know of men ! You aro living in a world of dreams, my poor ehüd/. 'If love and faith and honour' are dreams, what is real in life P' she an- swered softly, as she closed the piano. * I'm as sure of his fidelity as I am .of my own, and I have confidence m the future. " Work, wait, and trust," that 'is my motto/ Madame Evrard shook her head iu em-, phatic disapproval, but was wise enough to say no more. i; ; . In spite of her cheerful confidence, however, there were moment's ; when the; girl's courage and spirits failed her ; and her heart grew sick with hope deferred. It was in one of these moods of dejec- tion that she set 'forth next morning on her daily round, but she attributed her depression to the influence of the weather. . It was a groy, melancholy day ; «, chill mist clung to the surface of the river and drifted along th8 busy quays. . ,. - As. she crossed the Pont Neuf, Renee paused for a moment to drop a contribu- tion into the leathern wallet of the old wooden legged fiddler, familiarly known to Parisians by the sobriquet of *Pere Joyeux/ Por añore years than anyone cared to count, he had haunted the same sheltered corner near the end of the bridge, scraping away energetically on a battered fiddle, whose shrill merry notes made themselves heard above the noise of traffic. Men might come and men might go, but Pore Joyonx's fiddle ' went on for ever,' in cheerful defiance of time and change. He had grown to be regarded as a public pensioner, and though he never asked for alms, the ' gras sons ' carno dropping fast into tho open wallet which was swung from his shoulder. Coin« of any sort were not very plentiful with Renee, but she seldom omitted to contribute her mite in her daily pilgrim age|ftoro8s the bridge, accompanying the donation with a friendly little nod and smile, and sometimes a few words of greeting. Having deposited her offering in eilenoe to-day, she was passing on, when the old violinist called her back, breaking off in the middle of a bar. ' My little lady, you have given me a silver piece ; did you know it ?' 'Yes, I have no coppers. Is it not a good one P' sha added, for he had picked it out of the bag and was eying it ! curiously. He nodded, and stowed it carof ully away iu bia waistcoat pocket.] ' Quite good, and a new one, too ! I shall keep it for good luck,' he replied, and, tucking his fiddle under his grizzled beard once more, he broke into the tune of ' Monsieur et Madame Denis/ 'Do you remember, Do you remember, The happy days when love was young ?' Renee found herself humming the re- frain of the foolish old song as she went her way. Ah, yes, too well she re- membered those happy bygone days when aU tho world was glorified by thelight of rièw'«boWi!love. How' bright they seeuieâ, ,1 * '' '':'< ! : J ' i but how distant, looking back ^ at them ïrôm^ïTe Bh"adowè3 present"! Tt was little more", than a parted from her lover, but that loner dreary year seemed to have put a gulf between them, in spite of uer tender letters whieh bridged it across. Her heart thrilled with the longing to see him again ; to hear once more the dear familiar voice which to her was the sweetest music the world could give. 'Renee!' She paused with a start, looking wonderingly,. half .incredulously. at the speaker, into wheeo arms she had .almost run in her pre-occupation. . It was Maurice himself who stood beforo her, looking down at her'with ' liquid eyes of love.* . ' '? ' - ' ' 'Renee, don't you know me P' he ques- tioned, smiling, as ho put out his hand. She drew a deep breath, and her face brightened all oyer with joyful surprise. * Oh, Maurice, is it really you P' was all she could find to say. *T believe so,' he answered soberly, ^ though your incredulous look just now almost ruado me doubt ray own identity. Was I'soifar frbin your thoughts at that moment, dear ?? ? ii. ' So near to them, ou the contrary, that ^ your sudden Appearance seemed almost ..¡j*. magical/ ,ehe returned, with a . happy laugh. 'I had no Idea you were in Paris.' ' Nor has anyone else,' he replied as ho drew her hand through his arm, and walk- ' ed on with her. '* At the present moment I am supposed to be at Pont oise, where my father sent rae on a business miesion,;but, fading myself so near to you, how could : resist the temptation of coming? I was positively hungering for a sight of you. Oh, my darling/ he added pressing her hand'to hie side, ' what happiness it ts to be together again, if only for a few stolen moments: If you knew' how my heart has ached all these weary mouths ! ' . *,I know-by my own,', she whispered. . ' And how has the world been using yon, s weetheart, since we parted a year ago r he went on, looking down at her tenderly. .""Tl "Fairly well, on $be whole.'she re- sponded' with a smile, ' thongh to tell ¿be. truth, I find thé road tb success steeper than I expected.' 1 'Too steep for your little feet to tread x < * ? alone. The task you havo undertaken is , too heavy for you. Renee, <, W,by will you not give me the right to help you ? ' _.... . She shook.her,head.^ 'I have put my hand to the plough, and i must not look back/ she rejoined, with a serious smile. ' After all, work is no hardship when one ls young-^and' when one has & motive as Btrong aa mine.' 'ls it no hardship .'that you-should be wearing out your youth iu.tpil ,and-jK>v-: i ,erty to , atone, for you? .iather's fault, .,.., jwhilel,' who.would so gladly toke tho., task upon myself, am kept apart from you/ ' by my parents' mercenary-^-' ' ",' Hush/ *she interrupted; '*let iis imt blame either the' living or the dead. We shall not be kept apart for ever. If wo. aroiirue to each other, all will come right. i in time.' Af tor that there wosasjlence for a few moments, then they fell .into cou-,. , .. . versation again ^talking of the,, past aud the future, calling up tender ' memories, and forming happy projects, oblivious of time and the World round them. At length the sound of a church «lock striking the hour >made- Renee «tart guilty. ' Twelve o'clock ! ?. You. have -beguiled me into forgetting my, pupils/ she ex- claimed. 'Dear, we must say good-bye now. No, do not como to Madame Evrard's; let our parting words be . spoken alone: And you must return , heme this evening ; promise me that you will.' . ' Tory well,' he acquiesced! reluctantly ; ' but we shall soon meet again, for with my father's consent or without it, I in- tend to spend New Tear's Day {with you. Till then, good-bye, sweet love. I leave my heart in your keeping:' ' As mine is in yours/ she whispered. A long, lingering look ; a warm, close pressure of the hands, and they parted, drifting away from each other into di- verging currents of the city living tide. H. Six weeks had passed away. It was the last day of the old year. For the first time on record Monsieur Silvain so far departed from his usual habits as not to *q leave home till afternoon. Marthe, * Madame Evrard's comely handmaiden, rushed into the salon, where her mistress was sitting alone, to annonnce this por- tentous event. 'And he was dressed like a prince. Madame! A brand new overcoat with a fur collar and a hat you could see your- self in. I was to give his compliments, and to say that he would have the honour of waiting '.upon you ut four o'clock, when ho hoped tb seeMademoisoUë Renee1 '-i also'àt home/- - - - > . . ; ; . ' Humph ! ' I think I know what that ?.; > * means/ was the widow'« mental comment, as she took off her glasses andlaid do wn the paper she was reading ; ' he is coming to Ítropose in due form. It has been evident br some time tb every one but Renee 'herself 4htib he moana to do so, though .'AU-A i ,.«mi.'-t <-:t»i.... q ««: !?. .> - she persists in treating him as if he were her grandfather, not perceiving that her friendly familarity seemed like encour- agement to his hopes. I haven't patience with the girl! And now, to complicate matters, that tiresome youug man, who 1 hoped was forgetting her, is coming this very evening! What am I to say to Monsieur Silvain P Well,' she concluded with a s'jrug, * I ha%Te done my host for him, and now T wash my hands ot' the matter.' Meantime, her fellow lodger, walking witii his most juvenile step and throwing ojt his chest to show the new overcoat to advantage, went blight ly on his way humming his favourite air of ' Mal brouck.' Across the river, along the Boulevard to the Palais Royal, where he entered a florist's shop and purchased, at a fancy price, a superb bouquet of hot- house roses. 'Rosesin December-lh^yare typical,', he thought, smiling to himself, as he ! watched the shopwoman enveloping this treasure in paper. ' Typical of the love which blooms in life's whiter as well as in its spring. Yery good. I must re- member to Bay that to my sweet Renee.' After a stroll through the brilliantly lighted arcades of the Palais, he turned towards home, which he reached shortly before four o'clock. ; 'The ladies are in the salon,' Marthe i told him, giving him an odd look which j he did not notice; 'there is a'visitor, with them, a friend of Mademoiselle, I who has just arrived.' j . Very good,'* he answered absently, j scarcely hearing her in his preoccupation. The "old bachelor's cheeks were flushed, and his iieart beat faßt, as he approached ¡ the door of the sitting-room. It was partly open, and as he passed, furtively adjusting his collar and cravat, he heard a sound of laughter within ; Renee's musical voice mingling with the deeper tones of a man. Surprised, he cautiously opened the door a little wider and looked iUg^. "On the hearth, opposite to him, stoad Renee, flushed and radiaut, looking up into the' handsome bronzed face of a tail, dark-eyed young fellow of three or four and twenty, who had imprisoned both her bands in his own, white his other arm, from whieh she wes laughingly endeavour- ing to disengage herself, encircled her waist.. , ' 'Let me go, sir; don't yon see that Madame Evrard looks quite spaudalised P' she exclaimed, glancing at Madame Evrard, whose face expressed the most unqualified disapproval. 'It is at von then, not at mo !' he de- clared. ' Madame is naturally astonished that you should object to be respectfully saluted by your fiaucé-so !' aud suiting the action to the word, he bent and kissed her. The watcher started as if he had, been struck, and, hastily drawing back, before anyone had perceived his presence, turned from the door. Marthe, hearing his re- turning footsteps, «ame out from her little kitchen and looked at him-in sur- prise. . Make my complements to the ladies, and say that as they have a visitor I will not intrude this evening,' he said, and walked a «ray. Safely locked into his own rooms, he stood for a moment looking vaguely j round, like one waking from a dream, then becoming conscious of the ros» in his; hand, ho flung them from him wit.li a 1 passionate ejaculation, and sitting do .vu at the table, let his head fall ou his fold- ed arms,' and cried like a chill. His emotion had subsided, but he was stU$4n the same dejected attitude,' when tflfere was a gentle summons at the outer door. He allowed it to be twice rep3ated before he roused himself to answer it. At length, with an impatient shrng, he unlocked the door, and started whoa he fouud that the visitor WHS Renee. ' I am come to scold you, Monsieur Sil- vain,' she began, with her sweet smile. ' Marthe tells ns that you refused to come in because we had a visitor! Surely you did not think you would be intrudiug P Monsieur Delauuay wishes to be intro- duced to you. I ought to tell'you,' she added shviy, ' that we-that we are en- gaged, though our engagement- has not the sanction of his family, aud-' She checked herself, noticing for the time his unusual pall ''ïôu are not ill ' Monsieur Silvain P' He should his head, and smili.-ig con- strainedly. ' No not ill, only a little low spirited, and therefore not likely to be good company this evening, to I will beg you to excuse me.' ' I am very sorry,' she enid gently, put- ting out her hand. He took it tn both hts own, looking at her with an expression of tender earnest ness) whjch she had 'sever nero on ids face before. ?' Y?e have ail our troubles-you haye yours also, mj childe have you J qt F But >»»? are young, and in youth, /'fhough ¡soprow may ondnpefor ¡a night, joy, com ath with $he m .f.-Imj/" . My ' ¡«io wing " sooms B'Í'1 far. ß,' she answered, with a smile and ¡a sigh, 1 Have patience, it will come-sooner - : :':.-'CSHÍ ?' ?.'l;«,/íí''':¡.' :V;v; :..'.-.?.,<.. f..V :.j ? «* ' 1 . 1 U^A¿: -'':A-., ? j^Í3^;írlrf.i rii.i-:i!*:--k':i perhaps than you expect,' was the reply. 'Thanks for your sympathy, my sweet friend. Good-night.' ' Until tomorrow,' she cried. He watched Utr out of sight, then stood for a moment on the lauding, look- ing dowu. deep in thought. Wheu he j raised his face, it had recovered its usual1 serenity, and wore a look of resolution which gave it new dignity. * Yes,' he muttered, ' 1 will do it ; she «hall be happy. And as for me-well, I shall be no worse off than I was formerly. Alloua !' Aud, rousing himself from his abstrac- tion, lie turne 1 into his solitary rooms once more and closed the door. The New Year began auspiciously with brilliant sunshine and a doudles sky. The domes and spires of Paris, lightly powdered with new fallen .snow, lookou tairy-lika and serial, and when a light breeze stirred the river, every ripple flashed back the sunbeams. On the great festival of the year, all Paris seemed to be out of doors. The Boulevards, with their lung lines of stalls, were thronged with promenaders, the shops and cafés crowded with customers, while morry family parties hurried along on foot or in carriages, to pay the rouud of calls which French etiquette prescribes on the ' Jour de l'An.' Renee and her fiancé had spent the whole sunny afternoon drifting with the stream along the Boulevards. Infected by the universal gaiety, they had put aside for a time all doubts of the future, giving themselves up to the happiness of the present. Tomorrow they would be parted again-who could say for how long? But today was theirs, and.they would enjoy its sweetness to the nt most. Daylight was waning when at last they turned their faces homewards. Half- way across thi Pont-Neuf Renee, paused, with a regretful exclamation : 'I quite forgot Pere Joyeux!' * Who is he r" her companion de- manded. * An old pensioner of mine ; a crippled fiddler who always plays on the bridge. There he is, on the other side. Lat us cross over.' 'Never mind now, Renee; it is getting dark, and beginning to snow again. Give him something tomorrow,' ' But this is New Year's Day, and it seems unkind to neglect him when I am so happy. Look, he has seen me^he is looking so wistfully ! Stay hero. I shall not be a moment.' ? Wait-^wait till this railwayman has gone pist!' he exclaimed; but she luid already darted from his side. The road was slippery with fresh-fallen snow, and when half way across, the girl's fopt slipped. She made a vain effort to recover herself, and foll just in the track of the heavy vehicle, which cime thun- dering along, drawn hy two pi wer ful horses. The driver on his perch, did not Perceive what had happened till the by- standers uttered a warning shout, which was echoed by a cry of alarm from Mau- rice, as he hurried to her assist ano?. Quick as he was, however, s imeoue else had anticipated him. Pere Joyeux, who had been watching her movements, flung his violin aside, and before Maurice could reach the spot, Ve had snatched her literally from under the horses* hoofs. The startled animals shied and reared, backing the van against the pamper, and there was a moment of wild confusion and alarm before the driver succeeded in quieting them Renee, bruised aud giddy, leaued half faintiug on the arin of her lover, whose face was scarcely less white than hers. ' What an escape ! ' he grasped. ' Are you hurt, Rwioe ? ' \- ' No, no ; but where is Pore Joyeux, who has s.ived my life?' she asked, auxiously looking round. ' I heard a cry -oh, what has happened ? ' she broke off. noticing that au excited crowd had gath- ered on the pavement. The compassion- ate faces of the group answered her be- fore she made her way through (hom and saw the figure of her old friend stretched insensible upon the asphalte. There was no sign of external injury, but his face looked white aud pinched, and there was a blueish shadow uuder his closed eyes. With an inarticulate exclamai ion of pity, Renee knelt at his side and rais ^d his head to her knee. ' He couldn't çret on* of the way qnii'kly enough, and the horses knocked him down,' someone explained, and other voices in the crowd echoed the words with a murmur of regret and com- passion. The next moment a policeman ap- proached, and after a few brief inquiries, which Maurice answered, peremptorily dispersed the lookers-on, aud hailed a passing carriage,giving the order, 'To the Hptel-Dieu.' t The injur.d mau having been, carefully Ijfted in,' Renee and Maurice followed, an l the carriage drove rapjdly along the Quaf de l'Horloge; to the' ancient hospi- tal wrjch lookç q<>ivn npbrç the Scjue. Pero Jqyeux, still unconscious, was at once carried to the Occident ward, whije Manrice aud Renee waifed to learn the surgeon's opinion of his injuries. After j what seemed au iuteriniuable interval, one of tlie hospital sisters appeared aud beckoned to Renee. 'Ho lias regained consciousness, and asks for you,' she said. 'Pardon, mon sieur,' she added, as Maurice was about to follow, ' he wishes to speak to Made- moiselle alone.1 The girl's heart beat fast with some vague expectation which she could not doline, as she fallowed her guide along au echoing atone corridor to the accident ward, a long narrow apartment lighted by half-blocked windows high iu the walls, which admitted the least pale gleam of daylight. A tali stove stood in tho middle ot the ward, and ou each side was a row of pallet-beds, most of which were occupied. The latest arrival had boen placed in one near the door, sheltered by a screen. The surgeon, who was bending over him, straightened himself as they approached, and looked at Renee. ' Is he seriously hurt r" she asked, in an anxious whisper. * He is dying,' was the grave reply. 'He has sustained internal iu juries which leave no hope of recovery.' He draw back as ho spoke, to allow her to approach thu bed, but, after one glance at its occupant, she recoiled with a stifled cry of astonishment. The faco ou the pillow, though familiar to her, was not that of ' Pere Joyeux.' ' You are surprised at che change in his appearance r" the surgeon remarked, in au undertone ; ' Ho had been wearing a false beard, and without it looks a different man. It is possible that he-' He left the sentence unfinished, as his pitieut moved uneasily, attempting ta raise himself from the pillows. * Is she there ?' the latter asked, faintly When Renee advauced, a sudden light irradiated his face ; he put out his hand to her with a smile. 'A Happy New Year, my little lady !' The girl mechanically gave him hot baud, looking at him as one in a dream, 'Monsieur Silvain,' she breathed, in « low tone of questioning wonder. He glanced significantly at the doctor, who, understanding the look, gave him a kindly nod and vanished behind thc screen. ' Yes ; " Monsieur Silvain " to yon, her old friend said when they were alone 'hut your father knew me as Silvain Mathieu,' She started and coloured, then turned pal«. * What! it was you whom my fathei wronged?' she faltered. 'Dear chill, yon have repaired tin wrong, and left me your debtor,' li« gently replied, ' If I had known at thc time what it cist you, I would navel have accepted your generous reparation Sit down ; I have a story to tell you-nol a long one, fortunately,' he added, with t serious smile, ' or I might not have tim< to finish it. You know what was formerly my profession P 1 was a dauciug- moster the most, fashionable tn Paris during th< Second Empire, bu*, having met with ai accident, which crippled me for lifo, ] was compelled to retire in the height ol my success. However, I had savec enough to live upon, and should havi passed tho rest of my days in comfort, il -if I had not been so foolish as to risl my small capital iu the hops of iucreas iugit. I lost, as you know, and, aftei s uno years of struggle aol privation which I caro not to recall, all other re sources having failed me, I began lift afresh, on a lower level, as-a stree musician, who has since been knowu fa fame by the name of Pere Joyeux. Don' look distressed; I assure you that tin life suited me ; I earned ample sufneien for my wants, and had grown perfect^ reconciled to my lot, when one day, threi yoars ago, I chanced to see your adver tisoraeut, aud found myself once mor independent.' ' Aud then ?' she asked, as he pausad He glanced at her with humorou gravity. ' Thon, you naturally suppose that I retired iuto private life. So I did but, after six mouths of ease, I foum that I was dying of ennui. I felt as if had lost my identity. Who was Silrai Mathieu ? A lonely old mau whom nobod knew and nobody needed, whereas Per Joyeux bad hundreds of friends whom h could serve in his humble way. Yei have I not seen hard faces softeu and sa oues brighten as I played ? Have nc my old tunes touched a chord of hopo c memory in many a heart ? * ' They have iu miue more than once, she put iu softly. ' And then the Bohemiau freedom c the life, its constaut iuterest and variety gave it a fascination which, iu spite of ni j self, drew me back to it. So I retorne to myoid post. But for the last th« years I have given in charity what I ri ceived from charity, anal after " businci hours1 became-L^qneieur Silvain'; |l transformation bsjug effected fit qui* lodgings tiear the river, the laudWd < tt'hjch was in my 'confidence. Withoi my beard ou4 wooden leg (which was r placet} by an artificial one, 1 was unr cognisable ; eveu ypu, wlm kneif me : íjíth characters, neyer guessed tin Madame Evrarda iriend was tho o' cripple to whom for a year past you have been a ministering angol. How eagerly I used to watch for your coming ! Tou were the snushiue of my life, long be- fore I knew who you were and what I owed to you.' Too much moved to speak, Renee laid her hand ou his. ' The dear, little, charitable hand-how often have I longed lo kiss it ! ' he mur- mured. ' I may do so uow, may I not p' and with the ghost of hisold gallant manner he raised it to his lips. ' I told you I should keep your silver piece for good luck,'he coutiuued, more faintly; 'see here it is.' Ho showed it to her strung round Iiis neck. ' My p »or friend-it has brought you misfortune instead !' she murmured trem- ulously, . But for me you would not be-' 'Hush!' he interrupted gently; 'what better fortune can I have than to save your lit« and secure your happiness P Reuee, you will find à parcel in my desk, directed to 3'ourself. I restore your gift, dear-as I meant to have dime-if I had li veri. There is no obstacle now between you-and-your lover. God bless yon both. How dark it grows-and cold!; Do not be sorry for me, dear—I am quite coûtent,' he concluded, with a tranquil smile. A sudden shiver ran through him, and j there was a change in his face. Then he drew a deep, quiet breath. ' Quite content,' he repeated ; and with tho smile on his lips he died. # # # * # # A mouth later, when the first faint i flowers of early spriug were blooming on j the old musician's grave, Reuee and Maurice were married. Ou thc afternoon of their wedding-day, before starting on their journey into Normandy, they crossed the Pont-Neuf once m »re, to pay a last visit to ' Pere Joyeux's' old haunt, and paused for a moment in the recess where he had been used to stand. The stream of life flowed past them, ' ever changing, never ceas- ing,' like tho river beneath, which tho mellow sunset light had transformed into a floo lof molten gold. ' I am glad no one has taken his place,' Renoe said softly, after a moment; 'it would seem almost like desecration. I fancy I can still hear the sound et his violin ! It was like a friendly voice to me in those dark days which are past.' Maurice looked down at her tenderly. ' They were dark days indeed, my sweet wife, but now that the suushine is come, it seems all the brighter for the shadows we have passed through.' Renee glanced upwards at the luminous primrose sky, unflecked by à cloud from zenith to horizon. 'Yes,' she answered with a happy s'nile; '"Sorrow eudureth fora night, but joy has come with the morning!" ' 