THE STORYTELLER. Sarah's Jubilee Medal. Tho Eev. Boniface Prottyman sat at his breakfast-tablo in the vicarage of Multum-in-Parvo, reading bis letters. Opposite to him sat his wife, a hawk eyed lady with adetermined expression of countenance, and as the reverend gentleman read each epistle, he handed if; across to her submissively, for, so far at- all events as he himself was con cerned, there were no secrets between the pair. Long experience had con vinced him that nothing was to be gained by opposing his wife, and as she invariably got her own way in the end, he found that it saved much trouble and annoyance if he gave in at once. He was a big, handsome man of forty-five or so. Like a -rood manv persons, he had married for money, and being a very easygoing individual j in private life, the pair got on well as a rule. Mrs Prettyman, if she governed her husband with an unfailing will attended to his creature comforts with, unfailing diligence, and in many ways took work off bis hands which he was toolazy or toocareless to look after him self. There were, in fact, only two qualities of Mrs. Prettyman's which over occasioned serious discord in the family circle — jealousy, that is to pay, and ambition. Now, that Mrs. Pretty man should be jealous of her husband, was not altogether surprising. He was her junior by several years ; be was undeniably good-looking, agree able in his manners towards the softer sex, and still comparatively a young man. Rut the good lady carried her weakness to extremes which sorely worried the worthy Bonifaco. He was never allowed to nxcept an invitation unless she accompanied him. Ho could not even mako afternoon calls in his own parish without render ing a strict account of every moment he had been absent from her side. She had been even known to accuse him of flirting with the girls in the village choir,; and last, but not least, she had recently discharged the vicarage cook for no other reason than because the young women possessed an unusually attactive exterior. 'She was much too good-looking for a per son in such a. position,' said Mrs. Pretyman sternly, and so the luckless ?Sarah Sninks was discharged with a. month's wages. The worthy lady's ambition, on the other hand, was continually urging her to press on her husband all manner of schemes for bringing him into notice, wheu the worthy man would much rather have remained in comfortable obscurity. 'You have no desire to get on, Boniface,' she would only say. 'With your advantages you ought certainly to be be a Bishop.' Mr. Prettyman would plead that he really had special wish to be promoted to the episcopal bench; but his help mate, of course, vanquished his scruples in the end, and before long ho was deeply engaged in quite a number of those schemes for minding other people's business which are so dear to the souls of energetic clergymen. The extra work entailed by these projects was a good deal more than Mr. Prettyman cared about, and his wife was compelled not merely to spur him on to fresh efforts by constant exhorta tatiohs, but to render no small practical assistance in order to keep him up to the mark. On the par ticular morning to which I have already referred there was a goodly pile of letters from all manners of societies for tho suppression of things in general, from vice to Sunday-boating, and missions for the enlightenment of all sorts of neonle. Tho Eev. Boniface glanced at these somewhat impatiently, and handed them across tho table in silence. ' I really don't see why people shouldn't play lawn tennis on Sunday,' he remarked, testily; 'and if they choose to smoke, it's no business of mine !' Mrs. Pretyman raised her eyebrows in horror, and was preparing a severe retort, when an exclamation from her husband checked her. He was reading another letter with a much greater show of interest than he had hitherto exhibited. 'AVhat is ic, dear?' she asked. 'Lord Partington writes very cordi ally to inquire if I would care to accept the bishopric of Baratonga. It's quite unofficial, you know ; but if I answer .tea ne nas reason lODeueve that it will be offered to me.' ' My dear Boniface, this is capital news !' exclaimed his wife, reading the letter with the greatest excitement. ' Do you think so ?' he asked, doubt fully. ' A colonial bishopicis nothing very great, and ? ' ' Norisence, Boniface !' she replied, hastily. 'Of aoursa, you must accept. It may lead Jto sojnething better.' 'Humph!' growled Mr. Pretyman. I'm very comfortable here, and I don't much like the idea of being exiled to Africa.' ; But in his heart be know well that his fate was sealed. His wite did not even answer, and tho meal progressed for some time in silence. . . ' How tough and tasteless the omelet is,' ho said at length, pushing his, plate away. 'This woman is not nearly as good a cook as Sarah was. I never can understand why you discharged her.' Ho knew well enough, and Mrs. Prety man was also aware that the speech was merely intended to annoy her. So she wisely let it pass with a mental note. 'How soon docs Lord Partington want an answer ?' sho 'asked. ^ ' As soon, as possible ; but I can have a week or two to decide, if I like.' 'Quito unnecessary, my dear; you must write .to day.' It is needless to remark that the matter was settled in accordance witli Mrs. Pretyman's bohosts. Bonifaco accepted ; tho/ bishopric, and his new dignity was duly announced. Of course, 'ho was, in no great hurry to take pos session of his see. It is an understood thing that colonial Bishops should be allowed an. interval of several months — presumably to reconcile themselves to expatriation.. If it had not been for his wife's unceasing vigilance and jealousy, . Boniface would have had ,'a very good time indeed during these, holiday . months. Even as it was, he enjoyed the privilege of staying at a good many capital houses, ate a great number of excellent dinners, and drank much good wine. ' I shall have to live on mealies and whiskey when I . get to Africa, I sup pose,' he gloomily reflected, ' so I may as well make the most of my opportuni-, ties while .1. have .the, chance.' It was about this time that ifcoccurred,. to her Gracious Majesty to adorn the bosoms of a select but numerous body of her faithful subjects with medals struck in com memoratiou of her Jubilee, and among the fortunate recipients of this honour was. the Eight Eev. Boni face Pretyman, D.D., Bishop-designate of Baratonga. The worthy., man was much impressed and gratified by this proof of his Sovereign's ? consideration, and it was with a shock of pained surprise that, shortly afterwards, when : staying at Lord Partington's he over heard some graceless youths speaking of these medals in most disrespectful terms.1 What they said, it would be unseemly to repeat; but their langnage horrified Mr. Prottyman so much .that he consulted Lord Partington on the subject. Lord Partington was astifE and starched Tory, who was paid a handsome salary by a grateful country for doing something with a coloured stick at Court functions, and did his best to disabuse. tho Eev. Doctor of the unpleasant impression. His wife, too, insisted that the sneers the had heard were merely the- outcome of envy and malice, so the good man's, doubts were, at all events for the time called. 'The Queen says that these medals are to take precedence over all other medals,' she said, conclusively; 'and you will, of course, have to weat yours when you are presented nexr month.' For the newly-appointed Bishop was to attend a Levee in a fortnight's time, and, as ho had never been to Court before, he looked forward to the function with considerable interest and a slight shade of nervousness. OE course, he was not be allowed to face the perils and temtaptions of London unprotected by his faithful consort ; he had managed to gave her the slip once of late for a couple of nights upon important business, which he had mendaciously declared beEore starting would not occupy him more than a couple of hours, but Mrs. Pretyman was not to be eluded twice. So, a month before the day fixed for the Levee, she had secured rooms at the G-rand Hotel, in order that the excuse of lack oE accommodation might not occur to him as a pretext fort leaving her behind. Now, tho new Bishop of Baratonga was as proud of his Jubilee medal as a child of a new toy, and he was fond of trying it on in the privacy of his dress ing-room, and of admiring its effect in his looking-glass. One day, when he was engaged in this innocont pastime, he was surprised by Lord Partington, whose room adjoined hia own and who was considerably amused at his guest's occupation 'If you like medals, Pretyman, I c:in show you a fairly large assortment. Come in here,' said the Peer, walking back into his own room. Lord Partington then went to a drawer in his wardrobe and brought out quite a handful of wondrous dec orations, with which he had been adorned in the course of his diplomatic career. The Bishop was much inter ested in the display and in the history of each fragment of precious metal with its scrap of ribbon. 'They must look very well all together,' he remarked. 'Yes,' said Lord Partington, 'I havn t worn some or tliem tor years ; it isn't etiquette over hero. Let's try how they look on you.' The Bishop protested but submitted; and just as he had been adorned with a whole row of foreign and native decora tions, and was admiring the appearance of his chest in the glass, there was a knock at the door, followedimraediately be the entrance of Tom, Lord Parting ton's eldest son, a graceless youth of one-and-twentv. whom Dr. Pretvman regarded with a mixture of dislike and awe. ? ' Oh, I beg your pardon, Bishop,' he saifl, airily, as ho caught fight of the right reverend gentleman, who vainly trieds to cover up the medals. ' Didn't know you were rehearsing. I wanted to speak to father — but never mind.' And as he retreated, the Bishop heard a profane burst of laughter. 'How very annoying!' said Dr. Pretyraan. shame-facedly, pulling ofE the mednls; 'it will bo all over tho house. Serves me right for being so foolish. ' Nonsense ! my dear fellow,' replied the Peer; 'I'll lecture Tom. He really is a very rude boy.' Bat the Bishop was not consoled. There were several young men of Tom's age in the house, and when he came down to dinner he sawcharly that the joke was public property. It made him feel quite hot to think how ridiculous he must have looked covered with those medals, but had he known the diabolical plot which was hatching in Tom's brain be would have been even more Beriously discomposed. No further allusion, however, was- made to tho unlucky incident before the Bishop's departure for London to* attend the Levee The great day came at last, and the Bishop sallied forth to St. James's., He had felt nervous and excited all the morning. His wife had carefully superintended his toilette, and the last words she said to him were : ? . 'You're ure you've got your modal, Boniface ?' 'Yes, dear,' he replied, feeling in his waistcoat-pocket. It was there, sure enough, wrapped in tissue paper, just as lie bad left it that day at Lord ParJ/jngton'a. -.He had some difficulty in finding that nobleman at the Palace, and by the time that lie managed'to do so, he he felt somewhat confused by the bustle and splendour which surrounded him. ' Come along, Pretyman,' said his lordship. ' Why, whero's your medal ? You must wear it, you know.' 'Dear uie, , how forgetful I am!' replied the doctor, 'I've got it all right.' '?'? ?;???;? : ????? ? ' Well, put it oh,' an'd Lord Parting tb,n turning away to speak to a friend!. ; Dr. Pretyman hurriedly pulled out his medal, and took off the tisue paper; but as ho did so hU jaw sud denly fell, and a look of amazement came over his face. The deaoration he held in Ins hand did not look at all like his medal ; in fact/ 'it seemed quite different. ': ?- , ' 'I must be dreaming,' he said to himself,' (his is most 'extraordinary ! Perhaps it's all right/ though. ' :And with a faint heart he fastenencd the decoration on his breast. 'Come along !? said Lord Partington, 'But man alive ! what,s that you've got on ?' he suddenly exclaimed. 'What ?' faltered Dr Pretyman. ' 'Why that ! '. It isn't a Jubilee medal, it's a Sandown bodge ! Take it. off, for goodness' sake, and' put on the right one !' ' ' . 'But I hav'n,t another ! And what is a Sandown badge?,' 'Sandown's a racing, club! Good gracious me! where did you get . it from?' 'I don't know,' said the unhappy prelate. 'It's some awful practical oke!' . . ' 'Nonsense! G-o back tu your hotel, and get tho other. I must be off now. You can be presented later. Be quick, though., And Dr. Pretyman was left alone with his unpleasant reflections. What on earth was he to do? Ho dared not face his wife, and felt perfectly cer tain that a search, at the hotel would bn fruitless. And then that scene at Partington Hall flashed acros3 his mind, and it is to be feared that for a moment Dr. Pretyman forgot himself. 'It must have been that young ruffian. Tom!' hegroaned. 'He stole my medal, and put this wretched thing in its place. What an idiot I was not to look at it beforo I left.' But regrets were vain for the pre sent dilemma must be solved somehow. Despair frequently sharpens the wits. 'Could I not beg, borrow, or steal somebody else's medal?' thought the Bishop. He was almost alone; the people thought that. he was ill, and was^ waiting to recover before entering tho presence of Royalty. He walked somewhat aimlessly clown a corridor, and at tho corner was met by a yery gorgeous flunkey. 'Can I sit down somewhere?' said the Bishop, by way of making a re reraralc. 'I don't feel very we'l.' 'Certainly , my Lord,' said the man, in a kindly and symyathntic voice. TheBishopraiaed hiseyes.andhe then started voilently; for on the footman's expansive chest shone the very article of which he was in search — a Jubilee medal i He glanced round. No one was within hearing. 'Look here, my man,' he whispered, confidentially. 'I've met with a mis fortune — fact is, I've lost my medal, and I can't be presented without it. Couldn't you lend me yours ?' ,1 really daren't, my lord ; it's as much as my place is worth.' The Bishop grew desperate. He put one hand in his pocket. 'I'll give you five pounds if you lend it me.' 'I wish I could oblige yau, my lord,' said the tootman, wistfully eyeing the notn, which by this timethe Bishop held boEore his eyes ; 'but it simply caiiH be done.' 'I'll make it ten pounds !' pleaded Dr. Pretyman. Jeaines grew thoughtful. 'Now I think of it,' he said, 'I may borrow one for you. Tho youug woman as I kept company with— she's in the kitchen — she ain't on duty to day, and I might get her to lend it me to oblige you, my lord.' 'For goodness sake, run and try ! said the Bishop, becoming excited. And, with a wink, Jeaines dis appeared. 'It's ratherodd,' reflectedthe Bishop, left to himself, 'that her Majoaty should give the Batne medal to ' footmen and scullerymaids, bishops, generals, and then insist upon its taking precedence of all other decorations. Let me see, now. Supposing so ne one was to dine here who had no medal, obviously this footman could not wait on him, oven if he were a K.C.B., K.C.S.I., and V. U. — in fant, he ought to wait on the footman 1 It's Jvery peculiar but I suppose it's all for the best' With which pious and loyal sent nient he resigned himself to wait for his hoped-for benefactor's return. The Bishop was! getting impatient when, at length, he saw the gorgeous fluukey hastening towards him. 'I've jrot it, my lord,1 he gasped, ? out of breath. Dr. Prettyman Beized the medal with a sense of infinite relief. 'Here's the note,' he said, and in his gratitude he could have fallen on his preserver's neck. 'But one moment,' said the man, as the Bishop was hurrying off; 'the yonng woman must have it returned to-day. If you come back this way I'll ba about; please don't forget, my Lord, or she'll lose her nlace.. Wnnlr you mind giving mo your naine?' 'The Bishop of Baratonga, Grand Hotel. And what is yours?' 'Thomas Binks, my Lord.'- . . 'I'm much obliged to you, Thomas. You shall have it back, never, fear.' And he hurried away to find Lord Partington. In her sitting-room at the Grand Hotel that afternoon sat Mrs. Prety miap, anxiously awaiting the return of her Lord. Four o,clock passed, fivo o^clock struck, and still there was no sign. She began to be annoyed. ' 'It's very inconsiderate of Boniface, she thought,' not to comeback at once He must know that. I want, to hearall about it. What can he be doing?' As the time weat on, the good lady's temper did not improve, and all sorts of suspicions Jcameinto her head. He was really not to be trusted out of her sight; he must have got into some mischief or other. Htilf-past Sve arrived, but. Dr Prety-man 'did not. Hia wife was rapidly waxing furious. Suddenly there was a knock at the door and a waiter entered. 'A young person wishes to see the Bishop, madam.' . 'Oli, indeed !' thought Mrs. Prety man, but she kept calm. ' Who is it V she inquired. 'She would not give her name,' re plied the man. ' And what did you tell her?' 'I said I thought the Bishop was out madam, but I would inquire.' 'Tell her the Bishop will see her,' said Mrs. Pretyman, with awful deter mination, 'and show her up here at once.' The man retired, and presently came back accompanied by a very smartly dressed and rather prepossessing young woman. ' Please 'ra, is the Bishop of Bara tonga here?' said the girl; and then, aa she met Mrs. Pretytnan's indignant gaze, she started and trembled. 'Sarah Spinks !' said that lady, with terrible emphasis, 'what do you want with the Bishop ?' 'Oh, please 'in, I didn't know as Mr. Pretyman was Bishop oE Bara tonga. I only wanted to see hitn about— about — ' and she camo to an embarrassed stop. ' Go on, pray,' said Mrs. Pretyman, icily. ' Well, mum,' continued the girl, desperately, 'he's got something of mine— something as I lent him, and I want it back.' 1 Something of yours, you shameless hussy !' shrieked Mrs. Pretyman. 'I'm nothing of the sort,' whined Sar.ili, beginning to cry, for the dread of her old mistrass was still strong upon her, 'and you've no call to say so, mum ; and 1 wish the Bishop was 'ere I do. I knew he wouldn't want to get a poor girl into trouble.' Mrs. Pretyman sat down and gasped; words utterly failed her. She had frequently suspected her husband, but never of anything so terrible as this. But before she could find her voice there was a step on the landing, tho door opened and in walked the right reverona cuipriu nunseit, smiling in ins usual amiable and somewhat depreca tory manner, 'Well, dear, it't all over,' he said, 'but I've had such an adventure ! Why, Sfinksl Called to see your old mistress, I suppose ; and how are you getting on ?' 'Oh, please, sir !' said Sarah, 'do give it me back ; they've found out that I haven't got it, and there will be such a row.' The Bishop stared in open mouthed amazement, but Mrs. Pretyman was not to be deceived. 'Boniface I' she said, 'I inaist upon an explanation? What does this young woman mean and liom have you got her into trouble?' 'I haven't the ghost of a notion !' he protested. 'Oh, sir,' sobbed Sarah, 'you know you've got it ! 'Why, Thomas gave it you hissolf, and he looked everywhere for you afterwards, but you'd gone, tuousli you promiseu to give it him back !' 'Give what back V almost shrieked Mrs. Pretyman. 'My Jubilee medal!' said Sarah, goaded to desperation ; 'it's out now, sir, though Thomas made me promise not to tell.' 'Good gracious !' replied the Bishop, ' why on earth didn't you say so before? Of course, of course. Dear me! I forgot all about it. Here it is, and here's lialf-a- sovereign for yourself.' And beEore Mrs. Pretyman could interfere Sarah had thankfully clutched the medal and the coin and fled from the room. It. is unnecessary to detail the poor man's efforts to explain the circum stances to hi's outraged spouse. She, of course, declined to believe him, and it was in consequence of this unfortu ate misunderstanding that his South African flock were gratified by the appearance of their Bishop at least three months earlier than he was ex pected. For Mrs. Prntyman was determined to remove him beyond the roach of Sarah's wiles without delay, and ho could not persuade her that the medal story was anything else than an ingenious romance intended to conceal his pencltant for a Bucking ham Palace scullerymaid. — Truth. 