LIFE. I (I'ublishuil by .KikjuosI.) lo 1)0, or lint to bo," is not "the question Ihoro is no change of lif.j. Ay, murk it wull I— J; or death is but another name (or change. J'lio weary sfuiUlc of tlm mortal coil, And think Ii> sliiiiibuy in eternal night. ' ■ Bnt.lol the 111011, though (load, is living fltill;; Unclothed, ih clothed iiiioti,iui(l his mortality Is swallowed up iti life. "Ho lmlililoH o' preen fields, then falls asleep," And straight awakes amid eternal yorditro. > «»,»V*,,l'ulllns 11 m'ulsuiiitiicr*m I ho fields Llysiftn slcelch before him. No "lunipcst" rends tlm ovor pciioefnl bowoi's Of , and fadeless amai'antli; No hot sirocco blows with poisonous breath ; No midnight fl ights liitu with its goblins jji-iin, Presaging midden death. No Macbeth there, Mad with ambition, plotting damning deeds; No Hamlet, haunted by his father's ghost, Stalks wildly forth intent on vcngeance dire. The curse of Gain on earth is oonsummato, And knows no resurrection. Spirits learn That spirit is immortal, and no poisoned cup, Or danger's thrust, or sting of deadly asp, Can rob it of its Godlike attribute. This mortal garb may bo as full of wounds And bloody routs as royal Cmsar's mantle *, Yet that'which made it man or CWiir livetii still. Man loiivn:t, in this Valhalla of his soul, To love, nor never finds "Love's Labor Lost." No two-faced Falslair proffers double suit; No Desdemona mourns Info's art; And every Borneo finds his .Tuliet. The stroke of death is but a kindly frost,1 Which cracks the. shell, and leaves the Uernal voom To germinate, What most eatlsummato fools This fear of death doth make us 1 Benson plays 1 " Tho craven imlo sense, and in lier fear Chooses ( he slow and slavish death of life, Bather than freedom in tho life of death. " Thus ignorance makes cowards . .' us all," And blinds us lo our being's best estate. Madly wo ch'ng to life through muneleKS ills, Pinchcd by necessity, and scourged by fate, Fainting in heat and freezing iu tho cold, While war, and pestilence, and sore dislroHS, Fever and famine, fire and flood, combine : To drivo the spirit from its wreck of clay. O, poor Humanity I Mow full ot blots, And stains, and pains, and miseries thou art I Jlero lei me bo thine Anloity, and plead The cause against, the slayers of thy peace. Though wounded, yet thou ai I; not'dead, thou child Of Immortality—thou heir of God I Jlo who would slay thee, be ho brute or Brutus, J'ltinges the dagger iu his own vile heart. And yet thy wounds are piteous. I could wee)), That, aught so fair from tho Creator's hand Should be so marred and mingled, like a lamb Torn by tho ravening wolves. Hero, let me take Thy mantle, pierced with gaping, ghastly wounds, From daggers clutched by ingrato hands. O Truth I How many, in thy sacred mime, have slain Humanity, tkinkingthey did God service ! Home, and not Ciesar—Doctrines and not Men. I cannot count tho wounds which lust for power, And wealth, and place, and precedence have made. But, 0 1 the keenest, deepest, deadliest stabs Of all, wore liiado by false Philosophy A lie! false Theology combined— Philosophy, that know not what it did. Theology that ditl not what it knew See here I This rent made by the fear of God, That gracious Clod, whose " mercy seasons justice," Who foeds tho nivon, clothes the lilies, heeds The sparrow when ils falls, and sends his rain Alike ii|ion the evil and the good. And yet they were all " honourable men" lio taught this doctrine—" honorable men 1" Whose failing was a lack of common senso. And, lo 1 here is snot her—Fear o( truth— Blind .Superstition makes this horrid rent, And Bigotry ipiiek followed up the thrust, 0, 'tis an eye weeping great tears of blood I An eagle eye, that dared to love the light Which Bigotry and Superstition feared, Lest it should mako their deeds of evil plain. Thus is it, he who dares lo see a Truth Not recognised in creeds, must die the death . lint noon-day never slayer! for bats and owls, And Truth's clear light shall yet arise and shine. See hero: another wound —The fear of Death— That blessed consummation of this life, Which soothes all pain, makes good all loss, rovives The weak, gives rest and peaco, makes free the slave Levels all past distinctions, and doth place The beggar on a footing with tho king. O, poor Humanity I those who conspired To slay thoo, through exceeding love for God, And for the glory of His mighty name, Smote at tho very centre of Ihy peaco, And damning doubts, like daggers' thrusts attest Jlow zealously they aimed each cruel blow. And yet, this rent and bloody mantlo is not thee. Slain, but not dead—thy spirit shall riso And face thy startled enemies again, As royal Oiesar's ghost appeared to Brutus, • In Sardis' and Philippic tented plains. Thou royal heir to kingdoms yet unknown 1 A mightier than Ciusar is thy Friend. He stays the hand of Ca^sins, Brutus, all Who aim their weapon til thy life, and dull Their daggers' points against thy deathless soul. From every gaping wound of fear or doubt, Murder or malice sorrow or despair, Thy spirit leaps us from a prison door. It laughs: at death and daggers, as it flies To hold companionship with spirits blest; And having thus informed itself of life, The question then,—" To bo, or not to bo ?" Is swallowed up in Immortality. 