I'lie House en the Mai sh \- ; ? ; ? Chapter XIX,—'Continued. * And Jans gavo mo s nod and an ex ? prosaivo lock ns I wont ont of<tbo room < triifa hor'. I knew that tho servants, ' ono and alV looked upon their miatreBfi as a poor-flpmtsrf tamg, whue they rmri , some admiration and a groat deal of rn apecfc for their master. The few orders ebo gavo thoy fnlfiilad ia a spirit of con descension or neglcotefl eltogesfa'or, while a word .from him acted liko a spell tipoa any one of them, ?.' t Thus, he having ordered that Mrs Rayner, being bb Invalid, was not to be disturbed by sweepings and daetinge and noisos in the passage leading to tor .room, no member of the household over dared to enter the left wing but Sarnb, who- bad entire charge of the long corridor, boil-room, dreseiog-room, and , store-room which it contained, although it was ehpt ont from tho*rept of the ' honso merely by a heavy, bsize-covered Bwing-door with only a bolt, which waa emug-uuvr wiiu uuij a uujt, wuicu woa seldom, I believe, drawn in tho daytime. 80 that Jane felt like a heroine after having ventured on the other side of (bat door; and, when we came to it, eho \ stood looking first at it and then at mo, as if to tonoh it again were more than Bbc ? derail. ? Oh, miss,' said she, as I stepped for ward io go through, ' suppose Mr Bejrner wea is there I' , ' Bat Mr Baynor is in London, , re , twined I, laughing. ?* Ah, yes, miss! Bat he do oomo boektb&J.;,BHdden eometiraea he might , be a ghost. ' Of course it's alljright for '? you, miss; bat,' if he woo to know I'd been in .there, oh, bmbb, I should dio o , fright! When he's angry, he jnet epsoks fit to cet jor hood off.' I Isughed at Jane's feare, and pushed . opaned 6ha door, not without difficulty, for,it wee very heavy, and, Jane's courage j baring evaporated, one dared not help sue; My teeth chattered an I wenti through this passage, it wss co . cold; and what was my ourprise to find, when I got'to the end, that the window had bean left open on this obilly and wet October evening ? I took the liberty of ahnttirig it, and returning to tho flress robin: doorj ; 1 tapped softly at it. I oould bear Haidee'e voice, but I could not beer t?hat she said, and Mrs Raynor nobbing and calling her by namo. I .' went in softly, and with a 'shriek the mother started np from her kness; shs had been on the floor beside tho bod, Hoideo knew mc, though her cheeks werel finished; and her eyes bright with favor, and sho wandered in her talk, lest on the bod and tried to make her He down and keep the clothes over ; hor, for the room wee as cold as the corridor. Mrs BByner wasdinging to the roil at the bottom of the littlo bed and watohing mc with eyes as glittering M the child's. I felt juet a littlo tremor of fear. Hod I trusted myself alone ; with a Bick child, end a madwomen on : the verge of en outbreak of fury ? Her . bosom heaved and her hauds clntohod the rail tightly as she said'— ' ?What right have you to eomo here ? Are yon not song and warm npetairs in your turret? Why must yoa come and .exult over ma? Ton were welcome to my husband. Then you took soy ohild. :: .Can yon not spare her to mc now she is dying?*. .. ' ; '". .? : ' .? \ 'v-. I bad heard that one must always talk to mad people as if one thought them sane; so I eoid — " 'Not dying, Mrs Rsyner; don't say that. . I came down jnat to see if I could be of any wee. Why dont you take her into your own room ? It is bo cold in hero. And wouldn't it bo better to send in for Dr Mainland ? Oh, I forgot! Hβ is away. Bat you might aend Sam to Beaoonfbnrgh for Dr Lowo. , Her manner changed. As she looked at mo, all tho anger, all the little gust of defiance faded ont of her great oyes, and ehe iell to sobbing and whieparing— * r 'I dors not—l dare not 1' ? May I take her into your room, Mrs Beynw?' - V. ??No.no.'.v ?"??? ?.-??;; ?? ,-? '; 'Then, if you will allow mc, I will tako her np into mine. You won't mind hor being do far from yon, if you know it ie better for her, will you ?' said I persuasively. 'It is so bocuti fnlly worm up there that 'it won't matter if she throws the oloShes off . her, as sho can't help doing, poor little i thing; and I'll wrap her np well, so that she shall not take cold on tbo way.' :>'???.: ..... ? . Mrs Rayner stared at mo helplessly. ' Will you dare ? ' sbo asked fear folly. ' Certainly, with your permission.' ,? *Yon know very well that my par mission is nothing,'sobbed she. ? And I don't wonder, yon poor spirit less thing]' I thought to myself. Bnt I was very eorry for her; and I BskeS if ehe would like to havo my room for the nieht. to be near her child. iDU uigui, w uo uuur u?r uuuu. But she was frightened at the. idea; soil wrapped the child up well in a blanket, thinking I would put her in my own bed until her little ono could bo taken np-stsira. I j was rathor frightened myself at thought of giving snob an order to tho awful ? Sareb, ond, just as I was debating with myself whether she would be likely to obey it,' she entered the room. I attacked her atones. - ' Sarah, I want yon to bring Miss Heideo'e feed np into my room, if yon please. This is too cold for her. Jane can help you, if it is too heavy. , ? She seemed not to bo qnito sure whether to bo insolent or anbmisaivo. She decided for the former. 'And by what authority, miss, do you give ordore for moving about tho furniture?' ' Your mietrces wishes it to bo done. , ' ; ?My mistress! And prey who is that,' mifls?' . ' ? You know—Lira Baynor.' ' And is that all tbo authority yoo' have, tniES? , ' / \ ' No, , Bp,id 1 boldly;' raoro tlmn that —MrKoynor'e?' 8 Tho women both started, and iSorrJi look up tho bsd and without a nerd wput ont of the room. I turned to Lire Rriyner. , ? Don't ba alarmed nbout Hnidco,' I said gontly. ' I'll tafeo great caro of her. , And, if yon just give your con sent, I will Bond for a doctor on my own responsibility, Tho poor thiog stooped and ? kissed one of tho hands I had round lior child. ' Heaven bless yon, Miss Christie P she murmurod ; and, turning away, oho sank down epon the empty epaco whore tho bod had been, end buret into a flood of tears. She would not listen to the fen in cohoront words I said to comfort Lor ; and I was obliged to leave thu room with tears in my eyes, and carry my little patient op- stairs. I con Id not go very fast, for the bnrden Was rpther heavy for & email woman liko mc ; and by the time I got up-stairs tho bod wns ready aad Sarah, had dieeppeared: And now bow to got. n doctor? Fori wbb.seriously alarmed Rbont tho child. I ITo expect any more help from Sarah, was out of the question. I wont down to the nursery, called Jane, who was just going to bed, and osked her whoro Sam slept. ' In tho villago,'said Bbe. NqJiody: slept at tho stoblea no-v that Mr Rayner was away, excopt tho old gardener, who would certainly never reach Beaconsburgh before daybreak if I sent; him out at nine o'clock, at night. Jane was too young to bo sent all that way alone at night, the cook too old. There was only one thing to be done; I mast go myself. . 'Go and ask cook, if sha is hot asleep, to lend mo her big round water tirnnf rtlnnhi .rnnn.' rbiH X. ' hnd ' hrinc proof oIoQK, Jane, said 1, * and bring "ma one of Miss Haidee'e Shetland veils. , _..= -?.??. :.;..?;??.?_ ;?..??? .:.;;. ~.. She ran away, astonished, to fetch them; and then, seeing that I was in earnest, she helped; qnickly end well to make mc as like c middle-aged country woman as possible by buttoning my cloak, fastening a garden-bat round my bead liko a poko-bonnetj and attaching my veil to it. Then she tied op my umbrella like a market-woman's, and Inl; mc onfc giggling n littlest my appearance, but promising faithfully not to "leave j Haidee till my return, and to ' stand np to Sally' if she interfered. I felt rather frightened at the bold ness of my undertaking as I heard the hall door close upon mc, and realize that I had nothing in tho world'by ;my um brella and my wits to protect mc all the long three miles and a half of road tn "RftnpnnahnroTi . Tho tnnnn tvno nt f.hn to JJenconsbnrgb. The moon was at too Bocond qnartor, bat did not givo mnoh light, for it was a clondy night raining now and then. I was not sorry (or this, oa I was less likely to bo recogniaod, and ie was not the sort of weather to encoar ege late loiterers.; I passed two or three villagers, only one of whom walked un steadily jibut none of thorn took nn'y notice ot mc; and I had got past tho last of the Geldham cottages, aad on to a piece of etmight road tip a hill, where there woe no houses in eight, when I heard the Bounds of a vehicle coming along at a good pace behind mc. It Blackened to come np tho .hill, and 1, , to keep np my charaotor, bent over ray umbrella and walked more slowly. Bat this subterfuge had an undesired effect. ; 'Hallo, my good woman 1 Would you like a lift np the hill ?' cried tho driver; and my heart leapt; for it woe Laurence'tt voice. ; In a , moment I folt like a different woman; my blood .seemed dancing for joy, my pnleeebeat more quiokly, and the spirit of misohief cams into mc do that I wanted to langh nlond. . 'Ay, ay!' I granted out slowly; nnd, waiting until the cart csmo up to mc, I olimbad with hie help and with seeming difficulty, carefally keeping ?my cloak orer my hands, on to the seat by. his side. . ; ?All right? , .said he; and again I grnnted ' Ay, ay 1' and on wo wont. . . . : Oh, how happy I felt to be again by his side 1 Bnt it was rathor hard not to be able to take the hand that was nearest to mo, and nestle up to hie ehonlder and tell him how miserable I had been since last nictht. when he had iibq Dcen since lose mgnt, wnen lie nau rnehod away with tbo droodfal throat of not seeing mc again ; ho could not help himself. I felt rather nervons as to what ho wonld say wbon I did dis cover rayself. Wae ho still angry: Would he insist npoa my getting down, and going tho rest of tho way oh foot. Or would, to say more nnkind things to mc? Or would ho be pleased to ccc mo, and forgive mo ? ? : ? .? ? -???'-. Hβ was not in a very conversational mood. Was ho thinking of mc,: I wonflorod, or was ii.only that in my disgaiso I did nou promise to prove an entertaining companion ? He asked mo if I was going to Boaoonsburgh, and I said 'Ay, ay f' again. I knew Tory well that - a real countrywoman would not soy ' Ay, ay I ' ond I waa surprised that it did not strike. Laurence himself as a strooge sort of answer. I began to got impatient for liim to know mo. I looked ot him fartively ;; eh was evidently not at all cartons or intereatod about his companion. Bat lie looked very grave and thoughtful j and presently, to' my exceeding com fort, ho pnlled down over his wrist* tyro little uncomfortable woollen cu2s that' I had made, and that he had bought of mo at the sale. I remembered 1 them qnite well ; we had had a struggle to get them over his wrists, oa 1 had made them an inconvenient size, too large for a woman and too email for a men. It seemed to me that he handled them lovingly,; Upon this .encouregoment I spoke. . 1 Aren't you goiag to tslk?' said 1, in my natural voice. ?We had pnseed this hill, and wero 'goalong. ot a good paoo j tut hp 1 f gavolho'roins ench a jerk that tbehorso" DtoppfiJ. ' You won't bo cross with rnoegofp, wjll yon ?' soid I, anxious to plcdgg bfsi to good tcropor wbila bo wsg in the. first flnab of hie joy at mooting tno; for'it wee joy. tin slipped the rains into bio right band and put hit) other atm nronnd mc and kissed mo, Shetland veil timi nil. And 60 wo made it op without a word of explanation. £ fculd him my errand, and ho told mc bis. His father had gobo up to town that day to arrange for the disposal of Bomo sbarop in order to purchase a farm for Laarencn n fow miles off, which was to bo stocked, according to bis promise, Tvhilo hie soon wob away. Ho wav to return by a train whioh reached Bonconsbngh abont ton o'clock, and Laurence was on the way to tneot him.' To ho Continued, 