I Church Anniversary. THE l9th anniversary meeting of the Wind sor Wesleyan Church «ai held in the church in Maoquarie-street on Monday evening last. The etteudance was meagre, and somehow things went off slow in the. extreme-»not quite a Quaker's meeting it is true, but much quieter than usual, nevertheless. Mr. John S. Busby occupied the chair, and beside htm on the platform were the visiting clergymen -the Revs. A. E. Blacket, B.A., M. Wil liams, B. A., and P. Fitzgerald, and the new Superintendent, the Rev. W. Hill. Pro ceedings commenced with a hymn, and prayer by the Rev. If. Williams. Speeches were made by the Chairman, the three visiting ministers, and Mr. Hill. Of the fir*t, Messrs. Williams and Fitzgerald were anecdotal a.id -amusing. They irere pleased to welcome Mr. Hill, as they had been his predecessor ; and should be most happy to work with him in the work of common Christianity at ali timeB. References weie made to the teach ings of Richard Baxter and John Wesley ; and considerable stress laid upon the duties of the laity towards their minist r, and in church 'work in general. Mr. Fitzgerald amused the audience by some humourous quotations anent the " King of France going np the hill, &c.;" and somebody dancing the Highland Fling. Mr. Blacket, ai is usual with him, made an excellent speech, but unfortunately he suf fered from a bad cold and hoarseness, end therefore was but Imperfectly beard. He said that the charaoter of their minister did not depend so much: upon his . education, or social status, as upon his spiritual gifts and faithful teaching of Christ. Mr. Hill was full of anecdote. He said that since 1855, when he was at Gawlior, S. Australia, be had been very fortunate in acquiring the friendship and assistance of other ministers of the Christian church-as be found he had also in Windsor. He had heard Windsor spoken well of in various parts of the colony. Most towns had their specialities-were famous for something in particular. He knew a town in Cornwall (England) that was famous for geese, babies, and ghosts ; he didn't know whether there were any ghosts in Windsor-if so, he hoped to tay them ; .but be had heard much of the hospitality of the people-and that was something for eny place to be proud of. He knew something of the early days of Silver ton and Thacketinga ; and how, when a man was wanted for pioneer work in that rough out-of-the-way place, it was a Windsor man who volunteered to go and do what he could to reclaim the drunkards and sinners of that wild region. Reference had been made to the three years term-which wag a lav of the Wesleyan Methodist Church ; well, he might say, that hy God's help he intended to re main in Windsor that time. It had been re marked that he was quite smart-knocking about on horseback as he did ; that was not surprising, for he had made many long jour neys on horseback-and besides, he did not feel himself an old man ; and he really be lieved he could do as much for the church and the people as some of the young ones, He felt in most excellent trim, even though he had been 85 yeats a minister of the church J his heart was sound, and he would en deavour to du all the good he could in the church, do all the good he could for the peo ple, and get all the good out of them that he could. He referred to some of the Fathers of the church, whose personal friendship he had the honour to enjoy-and Father Gaud, who was stationed in this Circuit some years ago, was one of them. Windsor had had some good men-and he trusted that, though a humble servant of Christ, he should not be found wanting. He then introduced financial matters. Tbere was a small matter of £25 to raise-it was partly a small deficit from last quarter, and the remainder consisted of the usual removal expenses-which be hoped would beoleared that evening. Several prom ises had already been made, and he would go round the church and see what more could be done in that way. He had seen £2000 raised in this manner; and he felt sure they could raise the small amount required to make up the sum of £25. Promises were given and these, with the collection, reduced the amount to £10 ; but as many Wesleyan* in town had not been asked, and returns from some of (he outlying places were yet to come in, the sum would, no doubt, be raised. Mr. W. F. Linsley, J.P., (be treasurer, then read the financial statement. A vote of thanks was accorded the visiting ministers, and responded 'o by Mr. Blacket ; also to the Chairman by acclamation. " Good Night" was sang by the Choir, the Benediction pronounced by the Rev. P. Fitz gerald, and the meeting closed. We may state that the Choir, with a . little extra assistance, sang several selections during the evening, in something of their old style. No matter what your feeling or ailment is, American Co's. Hop Billets will do yon good. Prove it and see. 