fgS STd&Y;¥£LLSft. The Strange Adventures of a House-boat. By William Black. Chapter XIII. ' Fill the bowl with rosy wine ' Around onr temples roses Uine . And let us cheerfully a wliile, Like the ivine and roses smile. Crowned with roses, we contemn Gvffcs' wealthy diadem. To-day is ours, what*do wc fear . To-day is ours; we liave it here ; Let's treat it kindly, that it may Wi^h, at least, with ns to stay. Let's banish business, hanisli sorrow : Tu the gods belong to-iiiniT.itt .' in the coilVe-vonni of the Shakespeare Hotel, » Iforf-on-Avon, on this May morning, one is ,v Itlv compellod (o elude Iho nervous impatience of a | lin young person, apparently caused by 'TJlfe than Queen Tita's delay in J101UW*& * — °°sft wuld you beat? Do you want 1o rake Stratford at a rush ?— do you think you j! Ewen Cameron at Tel-el-Kebir V Do you to join the ranks of tho impenitent List'' Why don't you go over to tbe sofa and sit down, and lrum your toes on the mroet and strum your fingers on t lie wmdow Z and try to get rid of a little of that: super Lou's trans-Atlantic electricity:' A pretty frame of mind for one who ought rather to be thinking about the secret of the Warwickshire Avon, and wondering whether you will over discover it.' 'Don't be hard on a fellow,' she says good naturedly, and she goes and sits down on the BOfa nnd clasps her hands in front of her. '? Veil, now, what is tbe secret of lhe War wickshire Avon':' 'Ttis something that can't be explained to you— though you may find it; out for yourself in time. Of course there arc conditions. You would have to calm down your temperament a little It isn't everyone who can li--ar t he grass growing— just at once ; you have to wait, and listen, and wait and listen ; and if there is any place for bearing the grass grow, it is 111 the Warwickshire meadows and along tlie W ar wickshire streams. Then you've got to leave comparisons behind ; and you've vot to loiget chromo-lithographs ; and you have to pre pare yourself for a little disappointment, even perhaps for a little dejection and vague melan choly; and then, by-and-bye, you grow recon ciled; and then, slowly aud gradually, you begin to feel the charm there is in the ctld wo°ld repose and gentleness and quiet of the landscape, and in the placid nature of the people, and in the silence of tho monotonous but per fectly cheerful and even days. If you were to lire m a Warwickshire village for six months, Miss Peggy, you would get to see what worlds of space and time lie between tho innocent gaiety ot Izaak Walton and the morbid self consciousness of Thoreau. But where would you be at the end of the six months 'r' ' In the village, I suppose.' 'In your grave, more likely. But you would have learnt something. The fact is, if Rasselas had been born in this Happy Valley, it isn't that he never would have loft it— he never would have understood how anyone could want to leave it. In a minute or two, when we go out, I will show you long, straggling, old-fashioned thoroughfares, in which nearly every house is a small tavern — a tavern that does no trade. Generally the door is shut. If vou went inside you would find no one in the bar; but by-and-bye a smiling nnd buxom little landlady miglitniake her appearance, and if you asked for a glass of ale, she would cheer fully accede, and expect you to enter into a conversation with her about things in general. Intlie evening, of course, you might find a few friends of the house occupying the parlour, with long clay pipes, and pewter pots?, andsome slow and measured talk about the crops, the markets, and bo forth — safe remarks, 'warranted to stir up no_ argument. But in the day-time these little inns never think of doing any business ' 'How do'the people live, then r' 'They live as their neighbours live— by not taking any trouble about it. They live as the grass grows. Why should they take any trouble ? Why should they think of leaving the Happy Valley? They live as their fathers lived* filld US thwr crrnriH f n tVir»rcj n*riinri- Bothers lived, and tliev grow old contentedly in the same way. As long as there is n, good fat side of bacon hanging from the kitchen rafter, why should they [rouble about to-morrow, or next week?- It is to-day rriom t »n' an-^ are su^'c''-ntly happy ;in the present But the bacon has to be paid for,'|savs this practical joung person. ' , lhe bacon may have come from a farmer, most likely, ™° 8°t a barrel of ale in exchange.' lhen the ale has to be paid for.' einsatiablechTOtpfof tho American mind! tpjl you that, (hey don't trouble about such things. ?^d very soon the gjod old dame had culled a very pretty little nosegay.' Come and see them. Talk to them. Judffe for yourself if you ever met happier people — though t hey don't seeni to do any trade.' ' Oh, well, I don't care anything about them,' she says impertinently. ' There is only one tavern in Stratford that I cave about — that is the oue that Shakespeare used to frequent — where he played shovel-board with his friend the landlord — Julius Shawn, wasn't it ? And I've seen it at least the outside of it — I noticed the sign as we drove up to the hotel: I recognised it at onco.' There is a pause ot a second or two. ' What are you staring at':' she says. ' I am admiring yonr calmness. You can sit there and say things of that kind — and have no fear of the heavens falling on you !' ' What do you mean ? It. isn't possible that you never noticed the Falcon Tavern r — you've been in Stratford before.' ' The Falcon Tavern ! Why every amateur mngazinist who sets about, reconstructing Shakespeare's Stratford is sure to start away with tlie Falcon Tavern in the High street, opposite New Place ; whereas New Place isn't in the Higli-street, and never was; and the house opposite Wasn't a tavern at all in Shakespeare's time, nor for many a long year thereafter. But that's nothing. That is a cotnmon « Presently, she had strayed from the pathway a short distance, and was engaged in gathering buttercups and daisies.' - *' adventures op a House-boat, Chapter XIII. and vulgar error. You have gone far further and deeper and wilder than that' ? . . 'It's all very well to talk,' she says, in an injured tone, and she takes up a little green volume ; ' but j ust. you look at this woodcut. It is a drawing of New Place, and here is the Falcon Inn opposite, sign and all' ? ' Ohj pitch that wretched book out of the window ! Do you want to be told that Judith Shakespeare married one Thomas Quincey, and also that she became Mrs. Hall and left one daughter who was afterwards Lady Barnard? Is that the kind of information you are pouring into your innocent young mind? As for that drawing, it is only part and parcel of Samuel Ireland's ridicu loiiB inventions ; but where aid you get me rest of Ireland's nonsense— about the shovel board and Julius Shawe the landlord nnd all that ? Not in that book, bad as it is.' ' So there was no Falcon Tavern in Shake . speare's time?' she says absently, aud in i-ather a disappointed way. ' But there was a house there, opposite New Place,' one says to her (for it is a pity to rob her of all her illusions), 'and a very interest ing old house it is now; and if you are good, we'll take you to see it presently. And you may imagine, if you like, that some of the furniture may have come across from New Place, as alterations were made there from timp to time; possibly the oak pannelling, too, which is veiy good oak pannelling indeed, though some monstrous wretch has gone and painted it all over at some time or other. Do you know that a countrywoman of yours offered to pay all the cost of having that pannelling carfully scraped and restored to its original condition; and it is a great pity that the offer wasn't accepted.' Here Miss Peggy holds out both her hands, ! straight before her. ' Look !' ' Well ?' 'Ami sufficiently calm now? Do you see how steady my fingers are ?' 'They don't tremble much.' ' And yet this is my first visit to Stratford on-Avon — my first visit — and I am an American girl ; oh, you don't understand !' Perhaps one did understand, easily enough. However, at this moment Mrs. Threepenny bit made her appearance, all bonneted and shawled and ready to set forth ; Miss Peggy, with much alacrity, picked up her sunshade ; and presently we had passed through the shadowed corrider and out from under the pillared portico into the white air of Stratford town. And as we leisurely walked along this main thorough fare, our voung American friend spoke not one word to either of her comoaiiions ; but from the curiously-excited interest with which she regarded every object she could fix her eyes on, you might have sworn she had it m her imagination that this dawdling' butcher's boy -Mid that patient, plodding old woman, with the silvery hair and the N ormanb v - pippin cheeks, were somehow related to Shakespeare— the lineal descendants of bis neighbours and associates; and that he himself had walked along this identical grav pavement. On this occasion we allowed her but a glimpse of New Place and a glance at the outside ot the Falcon Iim ; we wanted to give her some notion of the country around Stratford; so we took her along Scholar s Lane, making for the meadows that lie between the town and -the hamlet of Shottery. The day was just fitted for the placid Warwickshire landscape into which we wandered outside the suburban 1 gardens. There had .'been some rain during the night, or perhaps early in the morning ; but now the skies were fair, if not. completely clear ; long streaks of turquoise blue lay between tho motionless, soft, fleecy white clouds: and a dull, sultrv sunlight lay over the inoist green meadows, and the hawthorn hedges, and the great, wide branching elms, not a leaf of which was stirring. A death like silence brooded over this wide extent ot country, that: rose at the horizon, into a line of low-lying hill, serrated with woods ; but somewhere, far away, there was a tinkling of a bell — probably a school -bell ; and around us there was a continuous twittering of birds busy after the rain. There was no other sign of life. And in this perfect stillness and solitariness one grew to fancy that, however Stratford town may have been altered in its old-world streets and houses, these meadows must have been in Shakespeare's time, and long before that, too, very much what they are now, with buttercups among the lush glass, in the sweet May-time under the fleecy white skies. Miss Peggy wns most anxious to be satisfied on that point. This was the very way, then, that Shakespeare would come if he were going over to Shottery ?' He must have crossed this little brook ? and seen those hills away down there in the south ? It must have been as lonely then as it is now? and a place for meditation as one walked V Presently she had strayed from the pathway a short dis tance, and was engaged ingathering buttercups and daisies. When she returned, with a considerable handful, she said — ' They say we Americans go through Europe chipping and cutting everywhere to take back souvenirs. But I don't think we do that now: we have got shamed out of it. Any way, no one would gruge me these.? ' ' It is a veiy simple bouquet, Peggy, ' Mrs- Threepenny bit says ;'I think that we could find you something better than that.' ' Better than that ? ' she ansfreres at once. ' I don't know where then. If you only knew the value that will be put upon them when I send them home. They will have to do for a good many people, too ; but all 1 shall have to say will be — ' Dear So-and-so, I send you two or three wild-flowers that I gathered this morning in Shake speare's fields.' Do you think it will matter to them what kind of flowers they are ? Ah, if you only knew ! I suppose, now, you would think it awfully silly if a girl were to cry when she got these daisies sent to her in America— I mean, ) a girl who isn't likely ever to be in England herself— and i who knows all about Stratford, |but has never seen any j actual thing belonging to it. You would think it silly, ' wouldn't you ? For you English are so dreadfully stolid. You don't seem to care about anything. Your great men are all thrown away on you ; you don't take the trouble to honour them ; you are quite indifferent. I do belive you think more of the man who invented Harvey's sauce *h«Ti of any poet who ever lived in your country. Why, I have hardly met anybody in England who has been to Stoke Pogis, and I never heard of an American who came to see England who didn't go there. You, now, ' she says, addressing a perfectly inoffensive bystander, 'have vou ever been to Stoke Pogis? ' ' No.' 1 ' There, now ! ' she says triumphantly. 'But you may admire a man's work, aiul honour his memory, without, making pilgrimages to liis grave. 'It is because you won't take . tbe trouble. Or, perhaps, it isn't consistent withEnglish pride to show any thing like gratitude ? 1 suppose, instead of showing gratitude, you would rather sit down and pull all that he had done to bits, and declare that the mass of mankind were quite mistaken in thinking there was anything tine in it at all ?' ' Ah, well, Peggy,' savs Mrs. Threepenny-bit. getting hold of the girl's arm and taking her on with her ' isu't it a comfort that sometimes we have a stranger coinc among us to give us a good scolding ? ' ' Yes; but she might be a little more accurate,' says one of us (who likes to be crushed no more than any other human being). 'If it comes to that, Harvey's saucc wasn t invented by ai-ian, but by a woman: sauce of any kind comes more natural to a woman. And as for those bits of weeds that you are sending to America as having been gathered in Shakespeare's tields— how do you know that these were the meadows that belonged to Shake speare? ', She turns her head for a second. ' They belong to him now — and so does the whole place : I don't care what English landlord thinks he owns them, ' she says proudly ; and of course that settles the question : there is no more to be said ; it is quite right that an impertinent American school-girl should come over here to teach us the whole duty of man. But you should have observed how she changed her tune as we drew near to Shottery. She had vaguely heard of doubts having been thrown on the tradition connecting Anne Hath away's name with the well-known cottage; and she was anxious to be assured that all the t housands and thousands of people, many of them famous, others hardly so famous, who had made their pilgrimage to the spot, had not been labouring under a delusion. It was quite certain, was it, that the name given in 'William Shakspere's' marriage-bond was 'Anne llathwey'? Audit was known that there were Hatliaways living iu Shottery? And the belief that Anne Hathaway lived iu this particular cottage went very far back, did it not? And sojforth. Then* she says — 'And is it possible that Shakespeare's widow married again after his death? ' ' So you have heard about that, have you ? Well, it was a countryman of yours, and a friend of mine, who threw that 'pretty little bomb-shell into the air, and then rail away to Australia before it burst. Is it possible ? Everything is possible. But considering that she was an old woman of sixty when Shake speare died, and that she herself died seven years afterwards, and that on her tombstone she is described as ' Anne, wife of Mi'. William Shakespeare,' I don't think it very probable. Well, now, haven't you got any more questions? Don't you want to know whether it is reasonably likely that Bacon wrote Shakespeare's plays? ' ' Well, now, is there anything' in that theory ? ' she asks, with much innocence. 'Oh, I 'in not going to give any opinion. 1 'm not going to prejudice your mind, if you have any notion of becoming a convert to the new religion. But I fancy that if the g-host of Ben Jonson could hear it suggested that his old chum and boon companion was nothing but a rank impostor— if Ben Jonson could hear of that suggestion— and also be permitted the use of pen, ink, and paper between now and dinner-time— I imagine there would come a message from the other world that would considerably startle some folk.' And there was no more impertinence ; there was rather a humble snbmission, and tiemu lous eagerness of interest, shown by Miss Peggy, as we went down and through the scattered little hamlet that was almost smothered amid the luxuriant leafage of the Spring. Very picturesque indeed 'were the small cottages on this fresh May morning ; the orchards were gay with apple -blossom, and the gardens with lilacs both purple and while ; while the warm air around us was fragrant with sweetbrier, and also at times with the soft- smelling hawthorn. This was our first meeting with' the hawthorn ; not a bit of may had we seen all the way along ; no doubt the shelter of the little hollow and the moist warm winds combined had brought the blos som out somewhat before its usual time. The old dame at the cottage made a great pet of Miss Peggy; and when she discovered ' that the tall young stranger hailed from across the Atlantic, she pointed out in the visitors' book the signatures of one or two distinguished Americans whom she thought the young lady might know. And when we were coming away, she declared that the little posy Miss Peggy was carrying would never do at all. Oh, no; she'must take away with her— if she was going back to America— something a little better than that : wouldn't she wait for a moment until she could have a few flowers gathered for her from the garden? And very soon the good old dame had culled a very pretty liitle nosegay of com mon cottage-flowers — columbine, forget-me-not. ? 11 A......... +1,„ ? 1 - ? ii. ' wuii*uuw--i , uiiu iuu jio-c, auu r-uc gave mem to Miss Peggy with a favouring smile. Only cottage flowera they were ; but we who were standing by liad a kind of notion that the young American lady would not have exchanged that little bouquet for all tlie hothouse flowers in Convent-garden multiplied a dozen times over. Then we wandered on through the straggling small ham let half hidden amongst its garden mid orchards, and eventually made our way out on to the Aloester-road, and so back to Stratford town. We were just entering the High street when whoiu should we espy in the distance but our faithful Captain Columbus, serenely sauntering along the pavement andlooking at the shop-windows. And naturally we congratulated ourselves on having a skipper so prompt and alert, and were glad to think that now, at any moment we chose, we could resume our voyage having, the' Nameless Barge close by, awaiting us in some convenient creek. 'Good morning, Captain! You haven't been long in getting her through. Whereabouts iu Stiatfoid is the canal-basin ?' 'Beg pardon, sir, but she isn't in Strafford yet,' says he, rather solemnly ; and in an instant the dreadtul fear flashes upon us that our noble vessel had been run into in mid Atlantic — in mid-canal, that is — and irrecoverably sunk. ' Where is she, then?' ' Well, sir, as near as I could judge, about three miles fromClaverdon; that was the first station on the line 1 came to, across country. Very sorry, sir, but she's stuck fast there; there's a bridge I can't get her through any how.' ' There !— the moment Mr. Duncombe leaves us we get into trouble I' exclaims Mrs. Threepenny- bit, with an audacity which even she has rarely equalled ; for who was so willing that Jack Duncoinbc should go, in order that she might provide a place for her laiup-post of a High lander ? ' There's only the one way, sir,' continues our in aomitabie Columbus. ' 4 Tbe cshbI people s&v; they will draw off the water so as we can get the boa t through ; but they want to be paid for that.' | Aha !— so there was a solution, after all ? And how | could we do better than take a lesson from tbe great and wise of our land ? Now-a-days, when an English Minis ter is confronted by a difficulty — foreign or domestic — his first and immediate thought is, ?' Very well, then; what size of a chequc is necessary to settle this job ?' That is ' modern English statesmanship ; and sometimes he pays awav money so freely that the people who get it are at their wits* end to know what to do with it. And why should we - not, in our small and humble way, profit by such an ex ample? We were in a difficulty ; we were asked to pay; 1 and what was the use of arguing or fighting?' ~ * j ' How much wi l they take, Captain?' j ' A matter of a few shillings, sir, I should think, would get it done.' ' Go you away back to Claverdon, then, and pay what thev ask, and bring that boat _ along as fast as ever you can. For the rain has taken it into its head to stop ; and we want to get some part of the voyage done in decent weather.' ' Very well, sir,' said our captain, and we left him to make his way onward to the station. The moment we entered our little sitting-room at the hotel, Qneen Tita cast a hasty glance towards the mantel piece ; there was nothing there tor her. ' Isn't it strange Colonel Cameron hasn't telegraphed r' she said. ' He must have had both my telegram and letter by now.' 'Oh. well, I am not sorry,' Miss Peggy made answer, in genuously. ' Wouldn't it be deli cious to be away entirely by our selves—in the woods — in the Forestof Arden? — and we start to -morrow, don't we, if Captain Columbus can bring the boat along? In any case, couldn't we go to Claverdon, and walk across ? I do hone you won't wait for any body. I think it would be splen did to be entirely for ourselves.' ' Why, Peggy,' says her hos tess, as she draws a chair in to the table, where luncheon is already laid, ' didn't'vou feel how lop sided we were this morning ? We want a fourth to complete the party. And what would you do if you hadn't somebody to practise on ? ' Now, now, now,' Miss Peggy interposes. ' You have lost the right to say anything of the kind about me. If you wero honest vou would confess that I have behaved most beautifully all the way along. Now confess. Confess that I've cheated you. I know what you expected — oh, yes ; I know quite well. And perhaps I have even disappointed you, in giving you no chance of scolding; but, anyway, confess you have been quite mistaken.' ' Oh, but I am not so sure about that,' Mrs. Three pcnDybit says coolly, as she puts aside her gloves and sits down. ' I am not at all bo sure about that. Young ?women are remarkably clever in concealing what is going on. And we have had no explanation yet of Mr. Dun combe's going away. It is very strange that he should have nothing to put forward in the way of excuse — very strange indeed.' ' And do you think I had anything to do with it ?' the girl demands, with inscrutable eyes. ' I don't know. The whole affair is very mysterious Before I could give! you a certificate for good conduct, I should want to understand why he went away so sud- j denly.' 'If I had anything to do with It, why should he want to come back ?' said Miss Peggy, with her eyes still down cast. ' I don't know that either; but I havo often seen young people make those sudden resolutions — when they were annoyed with each other — or perhaps hoping for some change of manner — trusting to the effect of absence — and regret, perhaps ' ? I hope Mr. Buncombe and I parted very good friends,' said the young lady, with suspicious calmness. Was she making a fool of a woman twice her age— and her hostess as well ? ' I will admit this,' the other continued, 'that perhaps you had not sufficient time to settle him thoroughly. You were very much engaged — with English history and other things. Of course you did not know he was going. No doubt you thought you could take him up and settle him effectually when you had a little more leisure.' 'I wish I had a big brother,' says Miss Peggy, pen sively he wouldn't allow people to say such things of me.' ' Ob, yes, a pretty innocent you are ! ' the other retorts. 'Now sit down at once and have some luncheon ; for you nave a long ana busy atternoon betore you.' A long and busy afternoon indeed it was ; for we had to take her first of all to the house in Henley -street, in which Shakespeare was born, and introduce Her to the Misses Chatraway ; then we showed her over New Place ; also she was allowed to inspect the rooms of the Falcon Inn ; from thence we guided her steps to Stratford Church, and she passed along the noble avenue of limes, and entered the hushed building, and sought out Shakespeare's grave; finally, ere the dusk should draw over the afternoon, we led her down by the mill, and across the bridge that spans the smooth-flowing Avon, and through the wide and flower starred meadows that lie between the town and the hanging woods of the Weir Brake. Now, just above those steep banks there is n corner from which a very pleasant view of Stratford and it» neighbourhood may be obtained : and when these two women had climbed up through the busbes to this open space, they seemed in no great hurrv to leave it. A more peaceful pastoral scene one could hardly wish for. Moreover, there was now a touch of faint salmon-colour ? among the heavy purple clouds above our beads, and there were masses of vivid and burn ing gold in the western skies ; so that a warmer and mel lower light fell over the green foliage enfolding the town. Stratford ceased to be a show place. You could not see the Memorial Theatre. Down below us wero the yellow waters of the Avon, flowing by pollard willows and grassy banks : then came the bridgo'and the mill ; then the um brageous elms, from which rose the distant spire of the church. Thero was nothing striking about rJtiis stretch of landscape; but it was peaceful; the quietude around us was gracious; the golden evening drew on. apace, with hardly a sound audible anywhere. Whether Miss Peggy was trying to get at tho Becret of Warwick shire scenery, one could not say ; but she and her friend remained there for long and long ; and scarce a wonl was spoken between them. Nay, they lingered amontr the bushes on their way down, (there were golden shafts oi tire shooting through between the black branches) under pretence of seeking for wild hyacinths ; and when, later on, in the grey twilight, they passed through the darkening meadows — like two ghos ts they were as they went— they had with them some cuckoo-flowers, and speedwells, and the like. These things were for friends faraway. And again when we got back to the hoteT. there was neither telegram nor message of any kind awaiting us ; and again Miss Peggy expressed the hope that when we once more left the haunts of men and disappeared into the Forest of Arden— or rather into the neighbourhood that used to bear the name— we should be ail by ourselves. But a little later on, as we sate at dinner, a brown envelope was brought in, which Queen Tita quickly seized, and broke open. ' Yes, yes,' she said directly, and with much evident satisfaction, 'he is coming — he expects to l-e with us to morrow morning — now Peggy, we have got a companion for you who will interest you.' Miss Peggy did not seem to look at the matter in that light. ''Farewell our sylvan joys and sports!' she said, with plaintive sadness. I had lo oked forward, to all kinds of ravels when we got into the forest — dan-ie:5 of fauns and satyrs by moonlight — everything that you would naturally expect in such a haunted place. I thought we might try a scene or two from ' As You Like It ' some night — some misty night perhapn, when you could imagine things. But if there is to be a spectator — then it's all over.' ' Why, you are like Mr. Duncombe,' her hostess says. ' You want to produce a play without having any critics looking on. I think you would find Colonel Cameron a very indulgent critic. What has set you a, gainst his coming, Peggy?' 'Oh! I don't know— I'm afraid of him.' 'Why should you be afraid of him ? ' 1 ' I c.an hardly tell you — except that there is something very shivery about that passage in ' Childe Harold ' — vou remember? ' I should think I do remember — And wild and high the Cameron's Gathering rose, 1 he war-note of Lochiel, which Albyn's hills ilave hcard, and heard, too, have her Saxon foes ; How in the soon of night that pibroch thrills savage and shrill ; But with the breath which fills £r.?H' mountain-pipe, so fill the mountaineers « ltn the fierce native daring which instils lhe stirring memory of a thousand years. And Evan's, Donald's fame fines in each clansman's ca s ! A more peaceful pastoral scene one could hardly wish for.' I And you know what Walter Scott wrote, Peggy ? ' she continues, rather proudly — Where through battle, rout, and reel, Through storms of shot and hedge of steel, Led he, the grandson of Lochiel, The valiant Fassiefern. Through steel and shot he leads no more, But, Sunard rough, and wild Ardgour, Anil Morven long shall tell, And proud Ben Nevis hear with awe, How at the bloody Quatre Bras Brave Cameron heard the wild hurrah Of victory as he fell !' ' Well, that's just it,' the girl said ; ' I am afraid.' ' Afraid of Ewen Cameron !' was all that Mrs. Three penny bit answered ; but there was a smile on her lips which seemed to say that she did not consider Sir Ewen Cameron to be in private life a very truculent person. I Now, whether is was that Miss Peggy was determined to have one merry evening before the coming of this over awing Colonel, or whether it was that Nature demanded a little relaxation after the high-strung excitement of the day, true it is and of verity that on this occasion — after the dinner-things had been removed — she broke out into a pure madness of audacious mirth and mischief. She ' Didn't she make a bonny boy ?' Chapter XIII. The Strange Adventures op a Hotjsb-boat. had only an audience of one ; the third _ member of the party was supposed to be absorbed in nicotine ana tne reading of local journals (which are often quite as inter esting as those which deal with large imperial matters;. But he could hear something of what was going on. Miss Peggy had got the whole of the soia to herself. She was seated at the extreme end of it. She had the banjo on her knee. She was addressing an imaginary person at the other end of the sofa; and her imitation of the speech ora negro-minstrel was so admirable that one suspected this was not the first time she had practised it. _ 'Well, now, Mr. Bones,' she was saying, in tones ot lofty patronage, ' I will ask you a question. Can you tell me when a door is not a door 'r' Likewise, she answers for the imaginary minstrel ' Can I tell you when a door is not a door 'r' ' Yes, sir ; can you tell me when a door is not a door . You are a clever man, Mr. Bones : you can answer my question, I presume.' ' When is a door not a door ?' ' Yes, sir; that is the question I ask you. But if you do not know, then I wili tell you. A door is not a door, Mr. Bones, when it is a negress.' She rises, advances a step, and gravely announces to her imaginary audience the name of the next song — ' Driven from Home;' then, with a courteous bow, she returns to her seat and takes up her banjo. She does not sing very loudly (for fear of disturbing the newspaper-reader), but one can hear the simple and touching pathos she puts into the words : — Out in the cold world, out in the street, Asking a penny of each one I meet; Shoeless I wander about through the day, Wearing my young life in sorrow away. No one to help me, no one to bless, No one to pity me, none to caress, Fatherless, motherless, sadly I roam, A child of misfortune, I'm driven from home. Then she glances along the sofa, as if inviting a chorus, which she herself leads, but now singing alto — ' No one to help me, no one to bless, No one to pity me, none to caress ; Fatherless, motherless, sadly I roam, Nursed bv mv poverty. driven from home.' She puts the banjo on her knee, and resumes her cheerful conversation with Mr. Bones ; and really, if one forbore to peep round the corner of this newspaper, so perfect is the imitation that one might easily imagine her to be in even ing dress, with a large diamond in her shirt-front, her face blackened, her lips red, her eyes rolling in doll-like fashion as she speaks, or pitifully upraised to heaven as she sings. But presently one hears the announcement, 'Ladies and gentlemen, there will now be an interval of ten minutes ;' and therewith, taking up her banjo, she steals out of the room. ' Have you been listening?' says Queen Tita. 'Now and ae-ain.' ' Do you know that is an extraordinary clever creature I Who would have suspected that she conld do a thing like that, and do it so well ? I wonder how much more clever ness she has concealed about her ; and how much more madness is necessary to bring it out. For it's only when she goes daft that she reveals herself. And what is she up to now?' No guessing was needful ; there was a footstep without in the passage ; one swiftly and discreetly returned to the small -beer chronicles of Warwickshire ; and the door opened. Yes, the door opened. And what was this apparition — 1 this phantom from the Forest of Arden-this t„ii buckler youth, with doublet, hose, and beef-eat with a voluminous cloak of russet homespun th P' *0 around him ? For an instant Rosalind standftv,11 heightened colour, and laughing lips, and then she enters and shuts the door, and m&k; T n'ei1 ! across the room to her friend, whose head alio „« ?er *at encircles with her arm. 6 afiechonate1j « From henceforth,' she says (but almost in = i. so as not to attract attention), ' ' I will be merrv ^ devise sports. Let me see: what think vou ^ love'r'' * falling ijj ' You can't do it, Peggy ; it isn't in vour ?, [N.B.— This speech is not to be found in anv wli i edition of 'As You Like It'; audits authenrtr,- ? ^ to grave doubt.] Ifi 's opej ' ' Love is merely a madness, and, I tell you ,? well a dark house and a whip as madmen do ? and tf6rves ^ why they are not so punished and cured is that ,j ,Gas011 is so ordinary that the whippers are in love ton '» v ' Peggy, you will be taught a lesson some dav m word for it.' _ Ua-= my tThis, also, is clearly a corruption of the text I lut here Rosalind suddenly alters her mamiw . her friend's head in both her hands for amompnt akoj her a little. amouienUndstlolej ''But, come, now I will be vour Rosalind coming-on disposition, and, ask me what vou wiiir °'® grant it.'' '- I will nloneY'U ^ SiDgm6a Pe^- I«ve my hai( quieHy— 0110 ^ ^ expressivc voic* sing very Under the greenwood tree Who loves to lie with me. And tune his merry note Unto the sweet bird's throat, Come hither, come hither, come hither ? Here shall wc see No enemy — But that snatch of song was never finished Thorn a tapping at the door. With a smothered shriek m-Mi Peggy flew to the window, and hid herself behind V curtains, pretending to be looking down into the str«.. hardly anything could be seen of the mset- drZi Ganymede behind those white folds. ^ 'Shall I bring you some tea, Ma'am f' ' No, thank you, Minnie,' ' Or for the young ladv, Ma'am ?' The young lady hiding' behind the curtain dares not tn I turn her head. ' 'No: I don't think you need trouble,' answers Mn. I Threepenny bit on her behalf. 'Thank you, Ma'am,' says the neat handmaiden, and ! withdraws ; and then, when she is gone, one is vaeuelv aware that Rosalind— probably considering that another [ such interruption might not be so dexterously encountered —slips across the room, opens the door, and disappears into the dark passage. ' ' Did you see her?' says Mrs. Threepenny lit. ' I caught a glimpse of her.' ' Didn't she make a bonny boy!' ' There have been plainer youths.' 'That was a costumo she got forafancv-dressballin Brooklyn; I've never seen it before, but I've heard of it. She says she got it for its cheapness ; but I'm sure it must be more like what Rosalind would wear in the forest than the dress that most stage Rosalinds wear— Peggy's is really i a disguise, whereas the stage-costume would be merely an invitation to robbers. Yes, in deed, she makes a bonny bov; 1 don't wonder that Phccbe fell inH love with her. And I'm prettyM sure Peggy was thinking of someH prank when she took the troubloH to bring that dress with her— H some nonsense in the Forest ofl Arden ; and now that she has gotH a;ridiculous fear of Colonel Came-H ron into her head, I suppose sheH was determined to have her piece H of play-acting before he came.H Well, she will have to behave H henceforth ; if I wereto threatenH to tell him of her masquerading inH a room in a Stratford hotel, H wouldn't that frighten her out ofH her wits?' H But Miss Peggy was not pre-H pared to 'behave' just yct.H Although she came back in lierH own proper clothing, she wits farH from being in her light mind.H By rudo lorce she possessed hcr-H self of the newspapers, nnd^| deliberately put them away; shelH opened the piano, anddraggedMrs.^J Threepennybit thither, andopened^H some music; she demanded the tablo in the centre of tlie room^B should be shoved in to (he windoff^B recess— in case of certain oxigencies^B connected with one or two of tho^l songs; and then she proceedcd^B to get her banjo strings in tune^B with the keys. What followed^® neodnot be described here -beins^H far too chaotic to bear consecutiva^B narrative. Indeed, it has beea^H observed by many travellers, ana^B reported by them in all goodfaitn^H that there iB something pecujiarlj^M exhilarating— to use the mildest™ term— in the atmosphere of strat-^H ford- upon -Avon ; and stories ar^H told (to which it is difficult to credence) of the more than extre* ordinary conduct of which moBt grave and scrious-minaea™ people, visiting thai to«'n, h& been guilty. That we did altogether escape the contagion this particular evening may ? frankly and freely admitted* Within just and sober brand * there was a little modest h And, indeed, to observe - Peggy gently gliding round room to a wattz-meaBure. sinp SM the while tho chorus of .the i» and also helping out th '__J^H paniment with her ban) . But these are_ rcvclatitBS if once begun, it might be dittira « to end Souls of Poets dead and I fOM, H What Elvsiiim have yc Uio«Bi Happv field or mossy caycrn, Choicir than the Mermaid larem H (To be continued-) 