■ the ARGONAUTS OE NORTH LIBERTY. - By Beet Habte. Anther of "Ho Luck of Koaring Camp," "I* the Oarquinez Woods,"; 4o., Ao, : [Am, Itioare Resected/] Chatter VIII.—(Continued.) Following out an ingenious idea of bis ownj . Ezekiel called the next day on the Demoreatflj and in some occult fashion obtained on invitation to stay under their hospitable roof during hie . sojourn in Buenaventura. Perfectly aware tnat lie owed this courtesy more to Joan than, her, husband, it is probable that hib grim enj'oy mentwas not diminished by the fact;whila .Toan, for reasons of her own, preferred the con* . etraint which the presence of another visitor put upon Dcmorest's uxorioasness. Of late#, too, there were times when Dona Kosita'a . naivo intelligence, which was not unlike the,., embarrassing perceptions of a bright and half spoiled child, was in her way, and she .would ; willingly have shared the young lady's com* pnny with her husband bod Demorest shown any sympathy for the girl. It was in the faint hope that Ezekiel might in somo way beguile Rosita's wandering attention that she had in* . vited him. Tho only difficulty, lay in his nn couthness, and in presenting to the heiress of thePicos a man who had been formerly her own servant. Had sbe attempted to conceal that fact she was satisfied that Ezekiel'8 indo* pendente and natural predilection for emr barrassing situations would have inevitably revealed it. Sho hud even gone so far as to consider the propriety of investing him , with a poor relationship to her family# . when Dona Kosita herself happily stopped all further trouble. On her very first introduction to hirr, that charming young lady at once accepted him as a lunatic whose brains wero turned by occult, scientific, and medical study. Ah! she, Eosita, had heard of. such cases before. Had not a paternal ancestor of hers, one Don Diego Castro, who believed ha . had discovered the elixir of youth. Had he not. to that end refused even to wash him thehind| to out him the s the head... Exalted by that discovery, had he not. been unsparingly, uncomplimentary to all, humanity, especially, to the weaker sex ? Even asitheSenor.Corwin 1 E$ir from boin£ offended at this ingenious in- I terpretation of his character, Ezekiel exhibited a dry , gratification over it, and even conceived an.unwholesome admiration of the fair critio; he haunted her presenco and preoccupied her society, far beyond Joan's most sanguine ex pectations. He sat in open-mouthed enjoy ment of her at the table, he waylaid her in the garden, he attempted to teach her English. Pona Boeita received these extraordinary ad vances, in a 110 le«a extraordinary manner. In the ,bcant masculine. atmosphere of the house and*the somewhat rigid New England reserve that, still.pervaded it, perhaps she languished a littiej and.wa8 not averse to a slight flirtation even with, a. madman.. Besides, she assumed the, attitude of exercising a wholesome restraint' overhim. . ^If we are not found dead in our. bed .one morning, and extracted of our blood; fori a cordial you shall thank to me for it, " she said,to, Joan. ".Also, for the not empoisoning of the coffee." Sp, she permitted him to .carry a chair or hammock for her into the garden,, to fetch the various .artioles which 'she "was continually losing, a??d .which he found with his usual penetration; and to sdpply her with informa tion, in which, however, he exercised an un wonted, caution. On the other hand, certain naive recollections and admissions, which in tliO;quality of a voluble child she occasionally imparted to this " madman " in return, were in .the proportion of three to one. . It had boon a hot day, and even the usual sunset .breeze had failed that evening to rock tHe'tops of tho, outlying pine trees or cool the | heated tiles of the Pueblo roofs. Ti There was a hush and latent expectancy in the air that re acted upon the people with feverish unrest and uneasiness, oven a lull in the faintly whisper ing' garden around the Demoreat's casa had ' affected the spirite of its inmates, . causing them to wander about in vague restlessness. ; Joan had disappeared ; Dona Rosita, under an olive tree in one of the deserted path's, and., attended by the faithful Ezekiel, had said it was" "earthquake weather," and recalled, witha sign of the cross, a certain dreadful day of her .ohildhood, when el temblor had shaken down.one of the mission towers. "You shall. see.it how,' as he have left it, so it has remain, always," she added with superstitious gravity. ^'That's just the. lazy shiftiessness of your folks," responded Ezekiel with prompt ungal lantry,'., "It, ain't ho wonder the Lord Alihighty hez to stir you up now and then to keep you goinV even 'so with the uncle of my father. Hush up yourself and bring to me the box of choco lates of my fable. • I will gif to you one. You *' shall for one time have something pleasant on thS-Hh"d^6f 'ybur tongue,' "even if you must swallow after him." > Ezekiel grinned. ' " Ye ain't afraid o' bein' left alone with the ghost that haunts the gar den, Miss Rosita?" ' " After you—never-r-r." "I'll find Mrs. Demorest and send her to ye#; said Ezekiel, hesitatingly. ; 'JtEhj- to attract here, the ghost? Thank you, no, very moxh." Ezekiel's face contracted until nothing but bis bright peering grey eyes could be seen. "•Attruflt tlifl "Tlion win '■Attractthe ghost,'rhe~echoed. "Then yon kalkilate that its " ho stopped, insinua lingly.; . . ■Rosita' bronght her fan sharply over his knhokles, and immediately opened it again over her: half-embarrassed face, " 1 compre hend .notanything to ' ekalkilate.' Will, yon go, Don Eastastico; or is it for me to bring to your'..-. Ezekiel flew. He quickly fonnd the ohoco laths;: and returned, bat was disconcerted on arriving under tho olive , tree to find Dona Rosita no longer in the hammock. He turned into a by-path, where an extraordinary oir cqmstanco attracted his attention. The air was perfectly still, but the leaves of a manzanita bush noar tho misshapen cactus were slightly agitated. . Presently Ezekiel saw the stealthy figuro of .a man emerge from behind it and approach the cactus. Reaching his hand cautiously towards the plant, the stranger detached something from one of its thorns, and instantly disappeared. Tho quick eyes of Ezekiel had seen that it was a letter, his un erring, perception of faces recognised at the same moment that the intruder was none other than the handsome, reckless-looking man . ho hod . seen tho other day in conforenco with Mateo. But Ezekiel was net the only witness of this strange intrusion. A few paces from him Dona Rosita, unconscious of his return, was gazing in a half- frightened, breathless absorp ti.n in the direction of the stranger's flight; " Wa'll," drawled Ezekiel, lazily. •She Btarted and turned towards him. Her face was pale and alarmed, and yet, to the critical eyo of Ezekiel it seemed to wear an expression of gratified relief. Sho laughed faintly. "Ef that's the kind o' ghost yon liov about yer, it's a healthy one," drawled Ezokiel. He turned and fixed his keen eyes on Rosita's face. " I wonder what kind o' fruit grows on the cactus that he's so fond of ? " Either she had not seen the abstraction of tho letter, or her noting was porfoot, for sho re turned his look unwaveringly. " Tho' fruit, eh ?., I have not comprehend." " Wa'al, X reckon I will," Baid Ezekiel. Ho walkod towards tho cactus; there was nothing to bo seen but its thorny spikes. Ho was con fronted, howevor, by the sudden apparition of Joan from behind the nianzanita at its side. She looked up and glanced from Ezekiol to' Dona Rosita with an agitated'air. , " Oh, you saw him too ?" sho said eagerly. "X reckon," nnswered Ezokiel, with his oves still on Rosita. "X was wondering what on airtlj he was so taken with that air caotUB for." Rosita had become slightly pale; again in the pte«enoe of: her friend. Joan quiotly pushed JSseldel aside and put her arm around her. " Are you frightened again ?" Bho asked, in a low; whisper. • "Not mooch," returned Bosita, without lilting her eyes. " "It was only some peon, trespassing to pick blossoms for his sweetheart," she said signifi cantly, with a glance towards Ezekiel, 1 * let ub go in." She passed her hand through Bosita's passive arm and led her towards the house, Ezekiel's ! penetrating oyes still following Bosita with an j expression of gratified doubt. ' For once, however, that astute observer was wrong. When Mrs. Demorest had reached the house she slipped into her own room, and, bolt ing the door, drew from her bosom a letter which she. had picked from the cactus thorn, and read it with a flashed face and eager eyes. . It may have been .the effect of the pheno menal weather, but . .the next day a malign influence seemed to : pervade the Demorest household. Dona Bosita was.confined to her room:by an .attook of languid nerves, super induced,.as she was stall voluble enough to deolare, by the narcotic effect of some unknown herb which the lunatic Ezekiel had no doubt mysteriously administered to her with a view of experimenting on its properties. She even avowed that she must'speedily return to Los Osos, before Ezekiel should further compromise her reputation by putting her on a coloured label in place of the usual Celestial Distributor of the ranacea. Ezekiel himself, who had been singularly abstracted and reticent, and had absolutely foregone . one or two oppor tunities of disagreeable criticism, bad gone to the pueblo early that morning. The house was comparatively , silent and deserted when De morest walked into his wife's boudoir. : . : It was a pretty room, looking upon the garden, famished with, a singular mingling of her own inherited formal tastes and the more Bensuous colouring apd abandon of her new life. There were a great many rugs and hangings scattered. in disorder. around the room,. and apparently purposeless, except for colour; there was.a bamboo lounge as large as a divan, with two or three cushions disposed on it, and a low chairthat seemed the incarnation of in dolence. Opposed to this, on the wall* was the rigid picture of her grandfather, who had apparently retired with his volume further into the canvas before the Bpectaclo of this ungodly opulence; a large Bible on a funereal trestle like stand, and.the: primmest and barest of writing-tables, before which she was standing as at a sacrificial altar. With an almost mechanical movement she closed her portfolio as her husband entered, and also shut the lid of a small box. with a slighV snap. This sug gested. exclusion of him from her previous occupation, whatever it might have been, caused a faint; shadow of pain to pass across his loving eyes. He.cast a glance at his wife as if mutely asking her to sit beside him, but she drew a chair to the table, and with her elbow resting on the box, resignedly awaited Ids speech. ... . I " I don't mean to disturb you, darling," he said, gently,-"but as we were alone, I thought we might nave one of our. old-fashioned talks, and.—. I f Don't let it be so bid-fashioned as to in clude North Liberty again," sbe interrupted, wearily. "We've had quite enough of that since I returned." ; ! " I thought you found fault with me then for. forgetting' the past. But let that pass, dear; it is not our affairs I wanted to talk to yon about now," he said, stifling a sigh, "it's about your friend. Please don't misunderstand what I am going to say; nor that I interpose except from necessity." • . ; She turned her dark trown eyes in his direc tion, but her glance passed abstractedly over his head into the garden. " It's a matter perfectly well-known to me— and, I fear, to all our servants also—that some body is making clandestine visits to our garden. I would not trouble you before, until I ascer tained the object of these visits. It is quite plain to me. now that Dona Bosita is that objeot, and that communications arc secretly carried on . between her and some unknown stranger... He hna been here once or_twice before; he was hero again yesterday. Ezekiel saw him and saw her. Together?" asked Mrs. Demorest, sharply. " No; butit was evident that thoie wassome understanding, and that some communication passed between them." " Well?" said Mrs. Demorest, with repressed impatienco. "It is equally evident, Joan, that this Btranger is a man who does not dare to ap proach your friend in her own house, nor more openly in this; but who, with her connivance, uses us to carry on an intrigue which may he perfectly innocent, but is certainly compromis ing to all concerned. I am quito willing to believe that Dona .Bosita is only romantic and reckless, but that will not prevent her from becoming a dupe of some rascal who dare not face usppenty, and who certainly does not act as her equal." " Well, Bosita is no chicken, and you are not her guardian." : Thero was a vague heartlessuess, more in her voice than in her words, that touched him as her cold indifference to himself hod never done, and for an: instant stung his crushed spirit to revolt. "No." ho said, sternly, "but I am hertfather's friend, and I shall not allow his daughter to be compromised under my roof." >. Her eyes sprang up to meet his in hatred as promptly as they once had met in love. "And since when, Bichard Demorest, have you become so particular ?l! eho began, with dry asperity. "Since you lured mo from tho side of my wedded husband P Sinco you met me olandcstinoly in trains and made lovo to me under an assumed narao ? Sinco you followed mo to my Louso under tho pretext of being my husband s friend, and forced mo—yes, forced me—to see you secretly under my mother's roof? Did you think of compromising mo then? Did y.ou think of ruining my reputa tion, of driving my husband from bis homo in despair ? • Did you call yourself a rascal then ? Did " "Stop!" ho said, in a voice that shook the rafters: " I command you, stop!" . • - She had gradually worked herself from a deliberately insulting precision into a hysterical, and it is to. bo feared a virtuous, conviction of her wrongs. Beginning only with the instinct to taunt and wound the man before her, she had been led by a secret consciousness of something else ho did not know to anticipate his reproach and justify herself in a wild feminine abandonment of emotion. But Bhe stopped at bia words. For a moment she was even thrilled again by the strength and im periousness she had loved. They were facing each other after five years of mistaken passion, even as they had faced each other that night in her mother's kitchen. But the grave of that dead passion yawned be tween them. It was Joan who broke the silence, that after her single outburst seemed to fill and oppress the room. "As far as RoBita is concerned," she said, with affected calmness, " she is going to-night. And you probably will not" be troubled any longer by your mysterious visitor." Whether he heeded the sarcastic significance of her last sentence, or even heard her at all, he did not reply. For a moment he turned his blazing eyes full upon her, and then without a word strode from the room. _ She walked to the door and stood' uneasily listening in the^ passage until Bhe heard the clatter of hoofs in the paved patio, and knew that he had ordered his horse. Then she turned hack relieved to her room. • Itwas already sunset when Demorest drew rein again at the entrance of the corral, and the last stroke of the AngeluB was ringing from the mission tower. He looked haggard and exhausted, and his horse was flecked with foam and dirt. "Wherever he had been, or for what object, or whether objectless and dazed, he had simply sought to lose himself in aimlessly wandering over the dry yellow hills or in careering furiously among his own wild cattle on the arid brittle plain; whether he had beaten all thought from his brain with the jarring leap of his horse, or whether he bafi pursued-some vague and elusive determination to his own door, is not essential to this brief chronicle. Enough that when he dismounted he drew a pistol from his holster and replaced it in his pocket. He had just pushed open the gate of the corral as he led in his horse by the bridle, when he noticed another horse tethered among some cotton woods that shaded the outer wall of his garden. As he gazed, the figure of a man 8wung lightly from one of the upper boughs of a cotton wood upon the wall, and■ disappeared on the other side. It was evidently the clandestine visitor.. Demo- I rest was in no mood for trifling. Hurriedly ! driving hiB horse into the enclosure with a sharp cut of his riata, he closed the gate upon him, slipped past the intervening space into the patio and then unnoticed into the upper part of the garden. Taking a narrow by-path in the direction of the cotton woods that could he seen above the wall, he presently came in sight of the object-of his search moving stealthily towards the house. It was the work of a moment only to dash forward: and seize him, to find himself engaged in a sharp wrestle, to half draw his pistol as he struggled with his captive;in the open. * But once in the clearer light he started, his grasp of the stranger relaxed, and he fell back in bewildered tenor. "EdwardBlandford! Good God!" . The pistol had dropped from his hand as he ! leant breathless against a tree. The stranger kicked the weapon contemptuously aside. Then quietly adjusting his disordered dress and picking the brambles from his. sleeve, he said with the same air of disdain, MYes! Edward Blandford, whom yon thought dead! There! I'm not a ghost—though you tried to make me one this time sore," he said, pointing to the pistol. Demorest passed his hand across his white face. "Then it's you—and yon have come here for—-for—Joan?" 1 x "For Joan?" echoed Blandford, with a quick scornful laugh, that made the blood flow back into Demorest's face as from a blow, and recalled his scattered senses. "For Joan?" he repeated. "Not much!" : : The two men were facing each qther in irreconcilable yet confused antagonism:' Both were still excited and combative from their late physical struggle, but with feelings so widely different that it would have been impossible for either to have comprehended the other. In the figure that had apparently risen from the dead to confront him, Demorest only saw the man he had unconsciously wronged—the man who had it in his power to claim Joan and exaot a terrible retribution! Bat it was part of this monstrous and irreconcilable situation tbat Blandford had ceased to contemplate it, and in his preoccupation only saw the actual inter ference of a man whom he no longer hated, hut had begun to pity and despise. He glaumed coolly around him. ""Whatever we've got to say to each other," he said de liberately, " had better not bo overheard. At least what I have got to say to you." 