COMMENTS ON EVENTS. BTY a BOHEarsI. "Satire's my woeapon, but I'm too discreet To run a-muck and tilt at all I meet." The St. Kilda which road has man a stain upon its character, has ever been the cause, of much bickering, but no timely seape-goat can be found to take upon its back the many evils laid to the charge of the abused thoroughfare. An has been the ease for many years past, the Melbourne and South Melbournoe councils are bickering once again as to who is blameworthy, and the latter seems this time to be in fault, since by agreementt ("moro honored in the breach than in the observance") the two corpora tions have arranged tl attend to its re pair alternate yeare, and this is the South hMelbourne year Unfortunately, the council of the latter city, despite the fact that their taxation is assessed at the maximum fi~gure, have so much on hand that the St. Kilda road must revel in its mud. Surely, for the credit of the colony, the Government might step in and help the overburdened council rather than haven the principal metropolitan approach in such an impassable condition. Om no mediator, who who would wear a wreath of eternal fame, be found. The Chioese question is the burning one of to-day, and John is obltaioing a degree I of prominence which has never before been accorded in colonial history. That the Chinaman is an undesirable colonist is universally admitted, but the policy of the colony in summarily insulting the Chinese nation is indiecreet. China of to-day is not the Chins of halfa century ago. She is departing from the antiquated and heretofore time-honored customs of her forefathers and rapidly adopting the arts of war anid peace which have advanced the European wtrld. Her troops are now drilled by skilled British and American officers, and where would our colonies be if China swept upon them her countless hordes of well.trained troops. Gone to Hong Kong I gueso. Expel the China man say I, but bow him out-don't kick him through the front door or he may come in at the back. Talking of the Chioeso question, I heard a funny incident of the "Afghan" trip the other day. A female passenger who, for the first time beheld the Chinaman and his peculiar jumper costume, was shocked by the indecency of wearing the shirt out side the pants. John, remarking her fixed gaze, and thinking his charms had " mashed" her, edged up alongside, and, as the wind was blowing furiously, he thought the nsual remark abut the weather would be the most suitable introductory speech. Placing his hand upon his stomach, as he had seon the orthodox masher do when bowing to his love, he said in his most insinuating tone, "Belly cold, missee." "I should think it was, ye dirty hoythen blackguard," said the lady indignantly, " Why don't ye tuck yer shirt in like a Christian ?" John vanished. " Murder will out," as Mrs. Spann has found to her cost in the case of the unfor tunate man Gillett, whom she is now ac cused of having " sent to his account, with all his imperfections on his head." The offence is a terrible one, and its incidents might furnish food for the most sensational of esanguinary novelists. The unfortunate woman is, alas! a type of many of her class, and a sad contrast to the manly landlord of the Prahran Railway Hotel, who was so worthily eulogised in your columns lfast week for refusing liquor to some youths too young to know what they wore about. If there werea few more like him, local option would be less popular. An engine and boiler are to be erected in the Treasury Gardens for the purpose of lighting the Houses of Parliamentby elec tricity. What recklessexpenditure, when the machines ready made might have been supplied free of cost. A choice between Messrs. Bent and Gaunson, who combine the active requisite machinery, might have been made. " The end of the world will come in the year eighteen hundred and ninety-one." There's not a doubt about it, for the fall of man and his restoration having been accomplished, there is nothing more to be done but wind up the machinery and float aloft. At the tower of Babel the speech of man was confused and they all spake in different tongues. Centuries have rolled by and a society with a good show bfsuccess has been founded for tihe purpose of insti tuting a universal language to be called \Volapiik. In three years, we will sell out and emigrate. Another and perhaps more certain sign of the times may be adduced from the fact that "woman suffrage " is becoming such a craze. The mayor of South Mel bourne, Mr. E. D. Hether (of whom I thought letler) presided over a meeting in that city last Saturday evening, the object of which was to bring about this undesir able desire. As Hamlet's ghost says i "It cannot and it will not come to good." The place for woman is in her home, inculcating wisdom, virtue and modesty into the minds of her daughters, not brawling in hoarse and broken accents at the hustings or in the council chamber. Good Heavens! Parliament is surely bad enough as it is without women entering the lists. Mr H. C. White, of Romeey, in on invOn tire geniue of raro faculty. Under the bending of "a hint to the Railway Commio ionero " this rustic luminary sua~gests through the columns of a daily newspper the odvianbility of having printed on ouhurban railway tickets tbo number of the alation to bo reached. Thus he onys, in opiredhby the grandeur of the idea, " the ?icket should be marked, il-eibourno to Prahran, 3rd station ; Melbourne to Wind sor, 4th station; and so on. Alas! and bha it come to this ? The next hint our rustic brethren will be offering will be that a guide accompany each traveller and take him home after he reaches his destination. The idea would be worth considering, at east as far as the last train is concerned, or midnight travellers are often very hazy ebouttheir habitations. ? The election for the seat in the Legie. lative Council, rendered vacant by the death of Dr. flearn, has resulted in the return of Mr. Service by a large majority. Mr. Byrne says he will not cppoee Mr. Service egain; this ie kind and magnanimous, and re rainds one of the school-boy, wvho, after a trouncing, voes he'll never fight any more. Ifowover, heroes must not die uneung, so if you will hindly strike the light guitar, sir, Ill tip you a stave IoBEinRT IYRNE'S SOLILOQUY. I Iyeroed that I might render A Seorice to my lome, But, lh! no wolcomo tendor To my oger seoul hls come. My bannor nevermore shall wave Whero Service plants his spear, Nor M.L.O. o'er my lone grave For ever mom appear. 