THE RACES. After n day 8 dissipation In boat racing and football, there were very few visitors who felt inclined to return by the special train, which left for Barcaldine a few minutes after midnight on Wednesday even* ing. If they bad no fun at the sculling : match, tboy expected to find some on the ! racecourxe. Accordingly they clected to re | main until Saturday. The streets on Wed nesday evening were crowded with people, and the theatre, at an early hour, was be* sieged by a clamorous crew who took posses* eion of all the seats long before the perform* ance was timed to commcnce. A professor of mesmerism was performing elsewhere, but we had seen Micky Wade lately and that contcutcd us. The mediums professed to be able to discover anything, if it was only a pin's head in a bundle of Btraw. What fortunes tbey might have acquired bad they been able to foretell the winners of the races next day. Apparently someone bad this foreknowledge, for all the money in the market was taken about Lyndburst, and that borse was installed first favorite for the handicap. The bookies were in great force : Deeblc, of Sydney, the fortunate backer of Beach ; Kurir.fonce trouscrmaker, now book maker of Sydney, remembered in connection with the title deeds of town allotments on the Kurrajong mountains; Mooney, of Bris tmne, and a whole host of other celebrities in their peculiar 6oction of the community. The odds they laid were something ridiculous -even money nnd two to one on anything thnt stood the ghost of n show, and longer odds only upon notoriously dead birds. The same cry was taken up by all, until it seemed as if there wcro some combination among the crowd to help cach other against the general public. The road to the racecourse is beautiful for dust, but our party negotiated with the driver to take us round by Lion Creek (where Charley Drown runs the Turf Hotel) nnd Zouave Park. There Mag no dnubt nn enormous assemblage of people, and money was so plentiful at the gates that the collectors were dropping it about in all directions nnd leaving much of it ungathered. The nutuhcr of visitors was certainly much larger than we have before seen at a Hock* I hnmpton race meeting, nnd the committee must hnvc mnde a larger surplus thnn on the previous occasion. Harris & Oo.'s totalizator win introduced, ami it wan rushed by in vestors. It wn« under the supervision of the committee, nnd managed by Mr. Harris him self. The committee gavo him 2} per cent, on the profit, which wns £400, the Club receiving three and Mr. Harris one hundred pounds for the two days. The largest divi dend was £7 108., r»r a ton shilling ticket on Maritnnn in the Selling llacc. There were 571 tickeli taken, onlfc 94 of which were on the winner. The eiartd wa« well filled on both days, and the rank, fashion, and beanty of Ilocklmmpton were well represented. Half-crown sweeps on the principal events were the exciting nmusemenu of the Indie*, and caused th«n to take a keener interest in the racing than otherwise would- have been tkccmc. Mr.Johnson,of the Bgnoore Arms, did a grand trade at his quadrilateral bar under the stand, but the luncheon arrange ments were even worse than on the previous occasion. We did not enter the refmhn^t room, but many of the Barcoo men, wbaflBi to go in. were 7ewarded with a plaHH pickles and stale bread as tbe only return for the money they paid. One waiter seized a gooRe in one hand and literally hacked it to pieces, throwing it limb by limb on to the upheld plates of the nearest customers. The visitors Bpokc bitterly of the disgraceful spread, and it is to be hoped that the com i mittee, in selling tbe privileges next year, will not give the cateriug to the name man who runs the bar. Tbe handicapper, eo far as bis weighting of tbe big guns was con Icerned, did very well, and the racing was excellent. It was not Lanristina'a day out, or she ougbt to hare won easily with tbe weight allotted ber. Binalong came very near to winning on tbe second day, but Lyndboret bad nil the best of it with each a triflicg impost as 7st. Oib. i'irate, with Est. 131b., was merely sent to assist bis stable companion; while allowing bim to go free, be was very osefol in blocking tbe others, and will probably take something off his weight when be returns south. Znnnvp. 1 nominated by Mr. Holland, hRs been solttfto Mr. Mooncy for £14B, and ran in his neA owner's name nt tbe meeting. Mr. Dalzell, wbo has been -rety nrlockj of late years, bad a capital throw in, winning tte Firet Hurdles with Fletcher, and two good races with Maritana. Both of these contestants found few baclcere among tbe poblic. The First Hurdle Race was a hollow affair. Tbe hoives could jump, hot the riders seemed to prefer going round the sticks instead of over them, and the result was a procession in which Fletcher took the leading part, Mr, Holland's Whalebone beating tbe favorite, Melin, ridden by Dick Morrell, ;for second place. This WAS reversed tbe next day, for Whalebone won a good race ridden by Mr. Fry. Hendricks, who piloted Merlin,seemed afraid to jump until he had slowed down his horse, and it was only when be was safely over tbe last hnrdle that he began to gallon. < It was then too late, for Whalebone got hmK a long length ahead. In tbe last mis 1 Lauristina against Grab and Maritana considered good enough to lay 6 to 4 onjDwCf tbe unexpected often happens, and Mantana," with 8st., got in by a head in front of Par cell's mare, carrying 9st; Grab, who bad evidently been kept for something good, failed at the last. It was a pleasant meet ing altogether, and made up in some measure for tbe discomfort of a two days' residesce in ltockbamplon. The rond borne from the course was delightfully dnsty, but onr driver, tbe four-in-hand cattle man. elected to get ns through with a pair of krocked-up horses before dark. Thin he did after running into an omnibus, frightening several ocenpanta of bnggies, and galloping bii horses through ditches, over logs, and in a perfect fog of dust, Unlading op with laying the whip on his botres down the bill, and the break smashing just as he elected to steady them. We breathed . abort bat fervent prayer as the vehicle thundered down the steep incline. Fortunately we had pained the large crash ol vehicles, and only a few were in front. It... was a matter, however, of congrainlatlon that the road near the bottom had recently been metalled by the Corporation, and the rough ratface acted as a break to atop the coward rush of our frail bark. It was Dropo«eJHjy_ Mr. Longhead, seconded by Mr. B. G. Ecclea, that the cattle man's license be enspendea for six months, and carried nem. con. Theo the cattle man aaid be would throw tbe reins over the horsea* necks aud let them drive themselves ; so the resolution was expunged from tbe minites and matters allowed to remain in tbe atatUt ante tellm condition. So to oor hotel; bath ; crowded dinner table ; a nice little waitress foroerly at Bhakspeare's, who specially minister.! to the Baroaldine orphans far away from bmp^ ner general loafing and tba billiards, with an early to | rise programme. At half-p the railway station, find full, and toe stationmaster nowhere. ensue. Then a carriage, wide. eomfortal> nod above all clean, is sliunted from some-1 where, and we rush into it and are securely ' housed. The train starts late and we pro ceed slowly until near Westwood, when there is a slackening off and stoppage. Then the guard divides tbe train : hail speeds onward for a siding two miles ahead, the carriages are left there, and tbe engine goes back for tbe otbcrhalf of the train. This performance is repeated on the Drnmmond Range, and wherever there is a sleep gradient. People in tbe otber colonies would hardly believe (bat such things take place on a railway, or tbBt tbe officials are so iil-nrecared for an increase in traffic. At limeiald we are ordered to shift our light luggage as the carriage is to be taken off again, and we must huddle in where we can. An we bad paid for a reserve compartment this seems rather roach on an, and we growl loudly and deeply. The result Is another carriage put on and a stuffy compartment given op to us. And bere let us remark that there are a few decent first-class carriages, wide, well cushioned, and comfortable, bat these ate reserved for tbe short-journey passengere. The Barcaldine people, who pay the most nnd have the longest journey, are compelled to nse those abominable, narrow, comn-like receptacles which, when crowded, are most abominably stuffy and unpleasant, dirty, insect-infected, and generally disgraceful. The good carriages are for the benefit of Clermont and Springsuro travellers, who are most of them deadheads in the shape of Oovernraent officials and parsons. Truly we want a board of commissioners on this line, and all others, to remedy existing Bffairs, for tlie red-tape dummy who presides over tha department in Brisbane is about as UBeless a piece of dnnderheadea officialdom as the biggest barnacle that ever bossed a circntnlo cution office. This line could be made to coin money and compel traffic if passengers were carried cheaply, comfortably, and with a moderate amount of cclerlty. Where the stations are so wide apart and the staff is therefore so small, running expenses must be very light. There iB no doubt the misman agement is in Brisbane, nnd not in Koek hampton ; but it is somewhere and must be rectified, and the new Minister, we hope, will do it with a vigorous hand. We anive in Barcaldine only an .hour late,' for 4>ur driver rallied along at abqnt 60 miles an bour over the straight counAntl mgajnf*. lust time to a considerable eJHBf'And so ends tbe festival-with a general growl all round. The Amateur Dramatics.-On Wednesday evening tile members of the local club give a performance in tho Town Hall. They have been practising now for a considerable time, Ami we are assured the bill-of-fare is ex cellently good. It is certainly most varied comprising concert, comedietta, Ethiopian farces, legerdemain, nntl what is described as gascoloposolocialtnmsmqgrifications. A select dance is announced at close of performance, and upon the pretty programmes the number and descriptions of the dances are given. The Tambo Church.-It has been discovered after all that the Presbyterian Church at Tambo cannot be opened on the original date spccifiod. Uuny of the Masons nnd others froirf Tambo will be in Rlacknll to tho celebration on the 2B(h inst., and this would no doubt considerably interfere with tho cburch arrangements. Barcaldine District Court.-The first RCS sionB of this Court Will be held on tho 28th instant, Judge Miller presiding, and Mr. 1'. Ileal prosecuting for the Crown, it present there is only one criminal and ono civil case. There bas been no bill filed against the Chinese gardener, Ah Sin, for larceny, and there remains only that of J. Law, larceny of watchebnin. The improvementsnt the Court llnuBc consist of nn additional room and a jury box. Theso have been executed Bat factorily by the contractor, Ur. Hcndereo 