The Women's Industrial Exhibition. (BY "A OABUAI. VISITOR.") Being one of that nnmerona class-tho publio-to . whom the Womon'B Exhibition was opened a oonplo of weeka ugo, I h¡wo paid it many visita, and spent on eaoh oooaaiou many hours in the endeavor to form a tolerably oorreot idoa of tho numorons oxhibita exposed to viow. Liko many of tho largo olass, of whioh I am a unit, my main objeot in going was to see, and not to purohaao ; and. in faot, it was not till I found myself inside that I discovered that I was explotad to do anything olao. Howovor, I was not long loft in doubt UB to what waa oxpootod from mo af tor I did got inside tho door, for I waa almoat immediately sot upon by a posso of young ladies, and invited to buy a varied aBBortmont of fanoy artiolos spread out in profuse array in the first (itali I hap pened on. Had T then made a mistake, and hiBtead of coming to BOO an exhibition, as per adver tisement, wandered into a fancy fair or bazaar? I aaked myself that question moro th m onoo. But I could not oaoily find an answer to ii ; and tho farther I wont tho more bewildered I beoamo. That a fanoy fair on a very la-ge soalo waa being carried on waB very evident- thoro waa certainly no room for oven thft ghost of a doubt on that point. But tho diffioulty 1 labored under waB to know whore tho fanoy foir loft off and tho exhibition bogan. And, from tho romarka passed on alltidea of me, I dis covered that I waa not alone in that rospeot ; for while many on tho one hand thought that tho artiolos for aale in tho fanoy o talla for mod a legitimate part of tho exhibition, othora,, seeing somuoh for salo, bogan to think that tho oxhibits propor woro for aale too. Until the question waa sottlod, how waa I tj know What to expend my admiration upon ? Aa tho caoo stood, a penny fan with a piece of ri >bon tied ronud the handlo was as much an oxhibit as tho moBt elaborate result of feminine industry displayed in . tho building. Would it not have boon bettor, for tho benefit of pooplo of plain understanding, liko , myself, to have kopt tho two things somewhat more distinct? Suppose, for inatanoo, that a portion of tho building had been davoted to tho purpose of the fanoy fair business, whilo tho rest was occupied by tho display of exhibits. Ono oould then have systematically gone through tho wholo affair, taking the exhibita aa thoy oame, and thou, if venturing into the part devoted to tho fancy fair, dcing BO with open eyes, and some idea of tho fate in store-not a \- particularly bad fate either, if one should happen to have a superfluity of looso coin in ono's pooket. Aa the oaae stands, ono is apt not only to have ono's temper triod rather aevorely, but to como away with rather confused notions as to tho oharaotor of tho . exhibition, as a wholo. In no other way, I think, can the opinion I have hoard many timos expressed have boon formed, namely, that thongh a great many of tho oxhibita woro really uood, a great many more wero of a trumpery oharaotor. For myself, foaling at a loss as to tho " thusness ' ' of much I saw downstairs, and fooling rather I badgered on tho subjoot of tho penny fan andi rolling-pin business, I found my way to the gallery. " Ah, this is something liko," I thought, aa I glanoed round, and saw nothing . in the shape of fanoy stalls, or groups of nioaly dre-sed young women waiting to pounce upon the unwary paßser-by. "NowI Bhall have timo to look around, and oometo some definite conclusion respect ing the oharaoter of the oxhibits." Feeling comforted by this reflection, and oonsidoring farther that the ' prizes having been awarded in the fino arta départ ement, I should have Bomo aid toward forming suoh a conclusion furnished by the judgment of experts. I said to myself, "There is BO much hore, that it's ; ont of tho question for mo to attompt to examine everything. It would bo a diffioulc matter for me to try to find out by my unaidod judgment what is most worthy of admiration. But I can at least go to Buoh un havo been awarded prizes, and admiro thom." . With that objeot in view, I started on a kind of pil ; grimage, and had not gone far before I saw a tioket ' hanging before a kind of inolomro. ' I wont up to it, \- and looked m. I Bhall always look upon it aa a for tunate oiroumstanoo that I saw tho ticket before I . looked inside. If I had not done so, and not Been that it announoed to all and sundry, that a first prize had been awardod for tho boat arranged boudoir, \- whioh best arranged boudoir waa to bo found within ' the inoloauro, tho possibilitioa aro that I should have given it morely a oasual glanoo and passed on. Thou what a loss would havo been mine 1 I might havo gone to the gravo with a totally falee idea Vrespeoting the arrangement of a boudoir. How 'ever, I did look in, and I saw a tont-liko . inoloauro, with Bomo furnituro in it. It looked . something like a suinmor-houBO, and oomething liko . a pantry just sprouting into a conservatory. Tho floor waa covered with somo odd pioooa of matting, and over tho centro woro laid throo largo hearthrugs of the kind ono BOOS ia tho dining-rooms of country hotels. Tho walls were hung with yellow and whito muslin, and along tho top was a row of palm leof fana, Btraw-oolorod and pink, arranged in a prim row, presumably to hide the tacks fastening tho muslin hangings. Tho furnituro conaiBtod of some ohairs, a oonplo of tables, whatnots, &o;" placed stiilly hero and there, whiio on oaoh wall a oouplo of dull looking pictures hung, ono abovo tho othor, A mirror lot into ono wall was draped in a Btringy sort of way .with a skimpy curtain. Ono large, and several small palms in pots woro sot hore omi thero . round tho roora ; tho pot3 hoing oovorod up with : remnants of muslin, presumably to keep thom from the flies, whilo in the way of nioknaoka oa ono of tho ? tables stood two oblong baskets made of Nw . Zealand flax, and a orookory frog with UH mouth half open. To my unoduoatod oyo tho room-or, ns tho card informed mo, " boudoir"-waa anything but well arranged, whilo in many rospooto tho furnituro ' seemed quito unBuitod for tho purposo to whioh it ' waa dovotod, and tho offoot almost entirely laoking in the dainty ologanoo ono ÍB apt to a«oooiato with tho idea of a lady's boudoir; But with the card staring mo in tho faoo I had of oourso to noknowlodgo and confess to myself that it wan my oyo and not tho room whioh waBin fault, and thon to . pnrauo my way, thankful for tho opportunity afforded mo of educating my ideas on tho subjoot. It WSB just os well that I had suoh a lesson in start ing, for it m ado mo moro cautious in forming conclu sions on the evidonco of my unoduoatod oyosight in respeot to othor " works of art " I Baw in tho oourso pf my wanderings. I applied tholosson in tho follow ing manner: Oaoomingto a painting of any kind, ' whether it might bo on oanvas, satin, ohina, or what not, boforo pormitting my mind to fall into an atti tude of admiration, I lookod for tho tiokot announoing thefaot of ita having boon awardod a prizo, and, . in tho ovont of my finding ouch, bogan to admiro, forthwith ; and if not I pasood on to tho noxt. I fool ; Quite euro that if I had not adoptod somo suoh plan 1 should havo in many oasoo found mysolt admiring that whioh I ought not to havo admired, and leaving nnadmired muoh that I should havo admirod. As it ' Was I Bometlmos found great diffioulty in bringing \- tty mind up to tho requirod pitoh of admiration on 1 tho one hand, and of restraining it within tho ro ! quirod limita in others. I fanoy, from somo of tho remarks I overboard, that others of tho publia wero laboring under similar diffioultieü. Many, however, adopted tho safo method of Baying, " Ü, how lovely" to everything adjudged a first prizo ; "Very moo indeed " to auoh as took teoond ; and BO on. Boforo tho painting of a littlo girl holding a lighted matoh between hor banda I found quiteacrowd asaomblod. " What a lovoly oxpresaion Bho haB !" a lady remarkod to tho gentleman who accompanied her, adding "Bat whore dooa tho light come from? and what does it moan ?" "I don't know, I'm euro; but it's a very boautiful pioture," tho gontleman re plied, and tho two paBsod on. From tho remarks which followed, I gathorod that tho general opinion waa that the littlo girl waa imprisoned in a dungeon, and, whilo linooling "oforo a narrow window, or chink in tho wall, was trying to catch a stray annbeam that had found ÜB way in. A oritioißm passed by a gen tleman respecting a pioturo containing warataha, was voryapt. " They looked," ho enid, " jnut Uko plum puddings stuck mil of cloves." Before a v^ry well executed copy of tho pioturo in tho Art Gallory, entitled "Mista Rising in tho Highlands," two ladioa carno to a Btandatill at tho carno timo as myoolf. For a moment or two thoy Rtood looking at tho oattlo quietly feeding in tho glon; and tlien one of i hf m observed, " Now, I should have thought that tho cuttle would look frightened, with auoh a ßtorm aa that ooming on-but I aupposo thoy are used to that kind of thing." At another pioturo I found an enthusiastic group of admirers, in the young lady who had paintod it, and her friends. "How nice it looks! And how woll you did the floah tintai" ono of tho friond» exclaimed. "Yea, didn't I?" tho proud artist replied. I wont on admiring tho various worka of art doomed by tho oommittoo worthy of prizos, and even venturing with fear and trembling to admire Borne toivavd whioh tho "Illuminati" had turned tho cold Bhou'der, At laut I came to an oil painting in, I think, tho loan oollootion, whioh I could only dosoribo aB a nigh'maro. To add to the difficulty of ooming to any dofinito conclusion as to its moaning, it was so baily hung that, look at it from what point of view I would, I could only BOO glimpsos of tbe fignros com posing it. Aftor several visits, and examining it in sections, I learned enough about tho figures to soe that they wore meant to ropreßout oiihor a tiger being devoured by dogs, or a number of dogB being dovoured by a tiger ; while a fearful virago of a woman Btood near prodding at th^m with either a gun or a propatiok. But whothor she had como to tho reßouo of tho tiger or waa aanisting tho dogB to kill it, I oonld not mako out. Hiping that the catalogue would help me to como to somo oonoluaion, I turned to look for the number ; but nnmbor there was none, That pioture has h mn tod me over Binoo. 