NOTANDA. Ale one who reads the English magazine literature of the present day must notice the prevalence of gbost stories. Natural incidents having been apparently worked rather bare, the writers of fiction draw from the supernatural. Some of these stories are exceedingly ridiculous, while others are re. pulsively '.orrible. There must still be a large elementof the superstitious in the English character, or stories of this sort would hardly find favour. I know a portion of this city of Goulburn where during a abshort period tragedies enough have occurred to furnish English people with the bases of a whole host of ghost stories. Within the space of a few minutes' walk I can recall two or three suicides, several terriblo fatal accidents, and one or two cases of homicide-eight or nine instances altogether of death by violent or unaccustomed ways within the past six or seven years. But no one fears to walk at night in this locality, nor has the smallest whisper of a ghost story been heard within it. It was said of old that thosoe who cross the seas change their climate but not their mind (Coum non animum mutant quf trans mare current) ; but this certainly does not apply universally; and in the case of the Australian colonisets I think the voyage-either in their own persons or in those of their progenitors, must have washed away most of the cobweba of superstition which seem still to encumber the minds of their follow.countrymen at home. Perhaps a certain degree of hardness is imparted by the climate or the circumstances of Australian lifes, which may account for non- susceptibility to super stitious sentimonts. Certainly, for so small a popula. tion, the numborof violent deaths is remarkable. Not a week passes without one or more-omotimoes three or four-fatal accidents on the railways or tramways of Australia. In times of heavy rain, or in the bath. ing season, deaths by drowning are frequent; and at all limes deaths from accident by riding or driving are matters of everyday occurrence. Suicides and homicides are hardly less common. Deaths by vio lence must constitute a large drain upon the popu lation ; and in numerous case they arise from recklossnoss or carolessnes. It may be that our people are thus ton familiarised with tragic ocour. rouces to regard them with superstitious awe. If every tragedy hero were made the basis of a ghost. story, our immaterialieed visitors would go far to outnumber those who are still in the flesh. Like Banquo's ghost, they would "push us from.our stools." Being in the metropolis the other day, I noticed a striking iustane of how theb public time and money are wasted. A party of men were doing something about some sewerage works. They appeared to con. sist of four, though it was difficult to distinguish them from chance idlers standing about. Of the four, one was emerging from a hole about ten foot square which, as the result of four days' work-I noticed when they commenced it-they had sunk to the depth of a foot at one side, deepening to between two and three at the other. A second man was leisurely placing little bits of coal or coke under a cauldron. A third had his hands in his pockets, and was gossiping with the. fire-worshipper. The fourth was leaning on the feuoo which surrounded the excavation, and he also was gossiping. In your Saturday's leader you wrote on the subject of want of continuous Industry on the part of Aus. tralians." Now I have just bosen thinking that if the Chinese have much to learn from us, we have in this respect something to learn from them. Take gardening as aninstanco. If European or Australian gardeners would work as the Chinese do, people would not be under the necessity often experienced of buying vegetables from Chinamen or going without. One thing must have struck most people, and that is that we never see Chinese loafers ; and there ara no Chinese amongst the Sydney un employed. We have heard sometlhling lately of the awakening of China; but there is as yet inatlfficient evidence to show that it has. come. Japan, which resembled China in most things, awoke leas than twenty years ago, her awakening being the result chiefly of an not of her despotic ruler; and she now ranks amongst oivilised nations whilst China is still amongst the semi.barbarous. China as well as Japan is ruled despotically, and should els at any time chance to ihave an enlightened ruler backed by enlightened ministers, then she may awake too, and her popula. tionu being ten times that of Japan, being the largest of any nation in the world, some atrange develop ments may take place. Tartar conquerors have overrun the east ore now, and may do so again; and there is at least nothing improbable in the saoppolsi.. tieon that the most effectual chock to the ambitious and grasping career of Rusola may yet be found in the awakening of an empire with an estimated popu lation of four hundred millions. SAn amusing and instructive writer in the Mel bourno Argus has lately been giving us some graphio descriptions of Constantinople. The article that appeared last Saturday is headed Stamboul's Shame, tihe shame consisting of the treatment dogs receive. In Censtantinople the dogs, unlike those of other coun-. tries, have neither homes nor masters, and they lie in the streets uncared for and unfoed save on the refuse which, carried away by scavengers in other capitals, is here thrown into the stroeets. The writer draws a comparison betweeoon the Turk and the dog very much in favour of tihe latter. Likoning the Turk oeel lectively to the bad sons in European families, and his normal condition to the state of degradation to which their vices so frequently bring them, the writer says: Thin Ir the Turk lil over; and to the liko degraded state has lIe bruaght the elsewhere noble dog. For the charactor of the true dog is of the highoest. It Is un neoooesary hero to repeat nason's argument that the dog has a soul-proeed by Its belief hn that eoperlor being, Its master, for whom It Is always ready to lay dowa Its life. ? "silifo the firmtfrisecnd Tihe first Itn dangoe--foremost to defend," writes Byrone, when tollg of thle dog's ihalfscore thor excel lancs? beyond tiliose of oaur common humanity. Sech testimsny from ills poen might be quoted without end;. The dog, as knoe bye te arin d Iuan of unttlioreda mlnd,' and by the shepherdt, tiee portsean, a?de the bushman, suicelntly sho?se hesa p oss of its reatio-to bhetop fiobis oai cmpaniono, frienad, and helper of letno when living, and upone ooasion, to die for grief upon his i ravoe. When all things were creited, And man came upon the earth, bwomananwa e lo ftor hfliae as his helpmate. Whoae tho ciores of loic ad family anoon kept her to tihe housoe, it was oon that coipacy wa cnee?iful to the nnc, who had to go abroad to forsge for hlisoi wnts. The log was therupon provided oas ou's companion, constant attendiint, guardian, acnd asisaecan noverhappin y linte ie Its master's omepany-darlng altl weathers, nil daneors prelosilee and troubles for the eupromo hsppieess of his crcelot and for love of the labhor Io e thes dose fr hlm. Toohare alt Ireccos wills leehe, to ol him tirecgh thec, to lilieshi eloopice, dlylng; or deoai, aced to lie of staroallocs cs hicc deed ieodc, ear of dtog-likeicharaeterieties, as beth tics oae'ge oced cleillicd osn, elsowhcere tIa in Turkey, feecy roeonizehs. o Yet thore are in our fair Anstratian land these whs wailtecl~y destroy this faitheful and noble creature; aud others whoso troalcmout--aln to thce Turlt's auit wheoee oecnpauieneship and training render it a nnisaooo at leust to nome extent oxolseing those who destroy it. Who doses not recogncisa thle differmnue helsecon thes faithsful loving croiotnrs roared' in a? kinidly family acid sulrroscunded by the humanising icnluencee of ethild-playmatec, and the sharp and gaunt ealnoin broughet up by the cattle-lifter of the busts acid tho thieif and larrilein of thse citylI We case malts a good gcseee at thle charootors of people by slating the broods, the appearanoe, and the demeanour of tbesir dogs, Lot ucs returci to ties " unsppekable TPurk." Ocar writer continnoss Thes Teerl, who coobes a elenttol of Wocc'anc noe. a boast of 5eerclie of aaee, line cirOngd dloses ice dogf to hiloewn low hbeel. 8ucuk lee ,olesichnls, lecilfolenee, acid Oreosoel eeeseaillty hcdsieself, leo lea broecoht dsoen thc dog os ectterly shoes to doc-llka echaraeter as Seal icseh~soif to eli heat is monte aesd ceseltko In wauye s esin l chich elnsoeld sore ties rspeol aced admiratleonIo Ito oasis ties clog Iceto the street io luse or die as It eas. The clog ie ciecor allowed Ice enter a Iceaco, aced ties Tech reiells nil lis yoareelogee fee eempancosoohlp'wltie ocanc co frces blas0f freoe lice rare aced hoop of the dech'whlelh Is left. to li'es es the bhint cit Ike olr dlo--aeytow. 'lie lol l oeoams theos a casenses, hosss Ice clearineg tics sireeoi e5 tliaC offal eshioh seslnewhr co I nuul]lnioer to reccoeo. 'lie din/occetagl legendl Is told ace hoes teat lic ioi o?sewere snee, In days loneg hadt, cleared oef tho otroete here. itoc tliaC choleen ceo otlier epidcemlo oneenod scot loecr cccii liciecanecls (if Seeor~bicooeioel Terbs sail tleicr lest deoeths., hithor thcan 5eay fur clooensing Ida filthy sireels, the seaoneeceer dogsc 0000 reef loede So thea-t?o hoop the people Iree fromc foyer. ' lice elcui hog iceenrslloet icy tlccie holler thcane lhe Teerk neg9? xaso or cciii be," Ctho irloecl eet enac," Thee Turd aets aens depse.y lerotcc feoslwith the clog. coeieh cc Ihe duos with his otlier heel frlondilsol wiioiee Orient lellodesi So ereotaLoe, tic ore'ason for shieb Is not far So cock. Itllies Ic te liet ecro ol ths ael-shusn-e~a ,opreosloni hcdlroltlne thce leec aced eol lice doe. ifs cegb~nip the dog coeeicua Oicebopeoaro's brealnlceed elharocior looked open hIsl eceporior. Thira tee ace miser knoaecy Ice his life Whcilecesho seleci ceeuIly." Trherrel Isehet that is eely Ics the Inncer life ot thcs lor]e feC Olhcih leo lron.bsrehs oleewideow aced cdoors aced oehrlcke irem f cbleloly, Asnd lee kccaws illa ceo. Heo haltes tlo cldog, whose froanhsilr-t asd opiesen oneecy ofemnlcre ~oeln odlfrent ls elharnetler who toen all 0cc Cowl qeinllloca ice laces, unai heows that Ico isoks, Otoecco It Is theat theo Teerk macit dres ltce does doswc So his ewn Iovet that lbs hlghc sainet nolhual lcoessclcui thu d~o5 hel) ;me net lookh down cco salic teereallor. Cf we odopt ties Ideas af tha vise nseon ssnd !tie wild Inedian Steal, no Pops pete ttc. loecTrasielaled oa holler spheore, . " the oes felthfeil dog wsill boar Idea compacey.tUlcre,"r lheedghs a beller ctances Is thes hereatter tlean the Icuks 