CHEAT BRITAIN. " General " Booth, the head of the Salvation Army has now the absolute control of revenues amounting to £47,000 a year. The Times has lived 100 years, the first number of " the loading newspaper of the world " having been published on New Year's day, 1788. Sir George Ferguson Buwen and Mr. George Smith Baden Powell have been nppointed com missioners to inquire into the manner of dividing the Island of Malta and .its depend encies into electoral.districta In Liverpool, a play entitled Who's the Lunatic? was recently enacted. Before it was finished half the people in tbe audionco wero ehouting : " The author, the author." Whoa he blushiugly upuearcd ho was greeted with roars of laughter and cries of "He's the lunatic." Tho latest of the British aristocratio com munity to enter the world of commerce has been Lady Augustus Loftus, who is now manufacturing scents from old recipes con tained in the archives of the family. Some of those are said to be very popular. Considering that her ladyship has just come into a legacy of £30,000, one would havo thought this stop hardly necessary. Oaring the performance of tho pantomime at the Star Theatre. "Wolverhampton, on Boxing night, the dress of Miss Sappho, ono of the orin- oipal artistes, caught fire while she was using a skipping rope which had been saturatod with inflammable liquid and then ignited, Soveral members of the company rushed from tho wings and extinguished tbe flames before any serious injury was caused. The 2nd Edinburgh Rifle Volunteer Corps is in want of an adjutant The qualifications for this desirable post are three in number— viz., bo must be a non-smoker, a teetotaler, and not addicted to ewearing. If, in addition to these negative virtues, any aspirant can prove that be is not in the habit of whistling on tho Sabbath, it is generally understood that his military efficiency will he taken for granted. The Rov. Brooke Lambert, the Vioar of Greenwich, has disinterred and sent to tho Tii. ies recently a vory curious entry in the mar riage registers of St. Alphago, Greenwich, under tho date 18lh November, 1685:— "John Cooper, of this parish, almsman in Queen Elizabeth's College, aged 108 years, and Mar garet Thomas, of Charlton, in Kent, aged 80 year3, by licenco oi ye Lord Bishop of Roches ter and leave of ye Governors of yo Drnipers' Company." The Archbishop oi York, in a sermon ou Mohammedanism spoke ol " tho depravity- indescribable, unailei able, unthinkable— which had gouo with Mohammedanism wherever it had gone." A Pasha, high in the Egyptian Government, denies in the most explicit man ner possible the accuracy of his Grace's infor mation, and was most indignant that such charges should bo made. Ho knows Loudon, Paris and Vienna, and asserls that the morality of Cairo is far higher than the morality of auv of thoso cities. Extensive frauds arc being carried out at tho expense of Euglieb buyers of French brandy who do not know so much about it, by send ing over as cogu'ao spirits of an inferior and unwholesome kind made from potatoes in Ger many. There is no safety except in dealing with well known and retpcctablo houses, and beiug satisfied to nay tha prico of a genuine arliclo. The eupply of genuine cognao is very limited, and muet diminish every year, so that if we see the trade going on much as it did before tho failure of the vines, it ia evidont that frauds must be ou the increases It has bosn said that tho next war will bo a rulors' war j but we, Sjvctator, dispute that Judgment. It is. tho Panslnvists who are urging the t'zar.r perhaps oven threatening him; it is the JJuDgariane wfcc impel the Emperor Francis Josoph ; and it is the Gor- mana, moved by intolerable fear of what may occur when Princo Bismarck passes away, who are persuading him to seizo any opportunity. Tho Slav cloud and tho Gorman oloud aro swinging noaror and nearor, and though wo may talk of this man's intrigue aud that man's folly, tho oxplosion will bo like some opera tion of nature. Recorded dying sayings havo hitherto borne out the theory of Sir Benjamin Brodie that, as a general rulo, tho final close of life is not a painful proocss. " P.-oto non dolet," oxolaimod Arria to her husband ns her lifo ebbed away. Dr. William Hunter wished on his doath bed that he had strength to writo_ down "IIow easy and pleasant a thing it is to die ;" and Lonis XIV. " thought dying had been harder.' A different opinion was expressed theothorday by the well known Austrian journalist. Eduard Hugel, ns ho was on tho point of yielding up tho ghost. " Dying is very hard— very hard," ho is reported to havo whispered with his last breath. "I imagined that it was quite differ ent." On New Year's night a madman caused a perfect reign of terror by running "amuck" at Rainsgate. At about twenty minutes past 9 o'clock a man named Allan William Riohardson was walking in George-street, when he snddeniy accosted a young woman with the words, "You're the girl ! " and immediately fired two shots from o revolver at her, but missed. Then he fired two shots at a member of tho Salvation Army, the bullets whizzing closely past his head. Pursued by a crowd, Richardson fled at groat speed, but turning again fired at tho foremost striking a lad named ' Pillow. Then he escaped to his house in Duncan-road and discharged both barrels of a double-barrelled gun at tho crowd below, one shot striking a young man named Moody in the head, whilst another struck a potman named Fox. Even tually 10 or 12 policomen broke into the house and found Richardson coolly partaking of supper. He informed hiB captors that he was "simply trying n now gun." An account is given of a mutiny on board the ship John and IVinthorp. About the 20th December the ship stood in for the east cape of New Zealand to regular chronometer. At 11 p.m., while tbe officer on deck went to call the relieving officer, the watch on deck came aft in their stockings, locked the cabin doors, battening down the steerage and forescuttie, then catting ali the boats falls, excepting tho bow boat, which was lowered, and in it eight men left the ship. After some' difficulty the foremost hands got loose aud released those coufiued aft. Sail was made on the ship, and she Blood in for tho land to try and intercept tho deserters, aud at daylight they were dis covered about a mile and a half from the Bhore. Tbo wind was blowing strong, and tho ship soon came up with tbem. They wore called upon to surrender, but heeded not, so two bowblances and several revolver shots were fired at them without effect. A carbine was, then brought into play, when they down sail and gavo thomselves up. They woro put in irons, and received some a dozen and some two dozen lashes. Letters have been received from ber Majes ty's ship Egeria, Commander Polhnm Aidrich, containing particulars of a visit bIio has re cently made to Christmas Island, which she was orderod to explore for scientific purposes. Tho Egeria claims to be the first vessel tbat has ever explored this island. Chrismas Island is situated in the Indiau Ocean, in lat. 11 deg. S., long. 105 deg. 30 min. E.; it ia 1100 feet above the sea, ia 12 miles long and 8 miles broad. Tbe Egeria reached the island on 30th Scpteinbor, and remained there until 10th October. Tbo officers and men told off for exploring purposes found that the whole place was composed of coral and rock ; notwiihstand- ng this, however, it is covered almost com pletely with trees and shrubs, the trees, which are of large dimensions, seeiniiig to grow litrally out of the rock itsolf, earih surfaces being conspicaoas by their absence. It is uninhabited by human beiugs, nor could ouy traocs of animals be discovered, but seabirds swarm over every part of the island, and about 400 wood pigeons were shot by tha explorers while they remained there. No fruits or vogo- table matter fit for consumption could, how- ovor, be found, nor tho existence of any supply of frosh water, aud the belief is that the vege tation of tho island is dependent for nourish ment on tho daws and tho hoavy rains that fall. 