L o n d o n Gossip. July 8. I t is very Bad. Wood got a farthing, and M r O’Donnell nothing. Such is the relative importance of some characters actions for libel. W hat an astonishing man of business M r Parnell m ust be if the surmises of hi* aci&ilant;* are accurate I H e never writes letters with his own hand. They are never written by one and the same person » W hen he was at Kilmainham he employed unknown " suspect ” as an amanuensis, and oonfided to him communication which is afterwards sold a* a 44 startling disclosure." Indeed, somebody seems to have made a collection of these singular epistles, and disposed of them at a handsome profit. One of the most astute men that ever lived deliberately puts him ielfin the power of people whose handwriting caonot be identified, and scatters the most compromising document* here, there, aod everywhere. I t needs a very exceptional gullet to swallow th is ; but the capacity ef the whale which gave tbTee days’ board to Jonah is nothing to that of the politicians who believe in "Parnellism and Crime." M r Weymess Reid need not hare been *o fastidious about his blanks in M r Foreter'a letters. Everybody knows who the Ministers were that resisted coercion 1830\. M r Bright and M r Chamberlain threatened to resign if Parliament were summoned for the early despatch of a repressive law. This was when Ireland wae steeped in outrage. When serious crime had almost disappeared, and a Tory Government propoied a Ooorcien Bill, M r Bright and M r Chamberlain were not so sensitive. Such are the mellowing effects of time and circumstance on some original minds. Lord Salisbury ought to keep a phonograph. How instructive this instrument would have been ia the Honse of Lords the other evening, could it have emitted tbe Newport speech immediately after the Premier’s oration about the alliance between the Liberals and the party of crime ! A phonograph wonld be a wholesome discipline to any politiwho committed to its keeping every speech be proposed to make in public. A. row of there machines on a shelf wonld be better than Hansard. It is bad enough to turn over any volume which discloses &past; opinion you no longer hold; but fancy the effect of that opinion when it came back to you after years in your own accents! Ghosts would be welcome in comparison. I t is said that Baron Dowae's suggestion of the most suitable reward for a resident magistrate who understands his business has gre&tly; impressed Mr Balfour. After this sessien that eminent man is likely to retire to another place— not the Honse of Lords, but the British Museum. He will be exhibited there in the unfamiliar act of giving a straightforward answer. This spectacle will ex* such widespread curiosity, that Mr Goschen is thinking of proposing a charge for admission to the special gallery which will allotted to his illustrious colle&gae.; The proceeds ought to pro* vide the next surplus. Wanted, an elocution master for Black Rod. This functionary is so oppressed by tbe weight of his responsibility that he cannot make himself heard. The importance of the measures of this Government, which he snmmoni members of the House of Oommona to see partly ratified in tho ether Chamber, is so prodigiona that he is almost speechless. Lord tialisbury and hie colleagues ought really to adapt tbeir legislation to the constitution of Black Rod. He is no longer t ro d ; he is a debilitated O'Donnell may at least claim to have excited public curiosity about certain matters not dealt with in the trial. For example, who is going to pay tbe costa of the defenoe P M r O’Donnell is mulcted in an amount which seems to be rather beyond the limits of his means. He will be called upon to pay for Sir Bichard W ebster’s elocutionary delivery of tbe lim et pamphlet. This appears, to be rather a costly way of clearing a character from imputations which had nothing to do with it. There are two bumeriits in the city. One of them is M r Bedford, vrho disports himself as " Bobcrt’’ in Pvneh, and the other is M r A. C. Morton, who gave notice in the Ooort of Common Council of a resolution censuring tho Irish policy of the Government, and praying for a dissolution of Parliam ent. To propose such a thing in aueh a quarter shows a capacity for refined irony of which nobody would have suspected any Common Councilman. W hile we are perfecting our mtiooal defences it would be useful for the men who have charge of torpedoes to learn how to menage them . I t seems undesirable th at a torpedo should strike the wrong ship, for in an aotuel conflict this might be a friend and not an enemy. There hare been various eccentricities uf this kind lately, and it is likely that torpedo exhibitions will become an* pjpular. I f Lard Charles Boresford were to invito a party of Irish members o witness torpedo experiments at Portsmouth, they might suspect bim of unamiable iolentions. M r Donnelly deserves tho thanks of all lovers of wholesome and improving recreation. For his discovery has suggested to an ingenious mind a plan by which the first folio of Shakespeare may be turned into an excellent winter game. Yon have only to work out certain root numbers—almost any you may fancy— to discover the most original narratives in the text. Indeed, the cryptographic stories in Shakespeare are far more interesting than the plays, and the family circle at Christmas may engage in an exciting c jmpetitien to see who can unearth the most astounding story embedded by Bacon in there fertile pages. A. New York journal thinks the popular interest in M r Blaine's movements is great enough to warrant the publication of a map of lus English tonr. So tbe outline of this fortunate island is presented to the American reader adorned with a black line, which indicates the great man’s travels. Why does notsomeardent and wealthy Republican come over and ropoBe to adorn every point of M r Jlaine’8 interesting route with a monument ? M r G. W . Child* gave Stretford- On-Aroa a drinking-fountain, which bears an appropriate quotation from Shakespeare abont " honeat water." A similar inscription on such a memorial might testify impresiively to the pellucid flow of M r Blaine's political virtues. " W hy don't you speak louder, air P” said a judge to aa actor who was a witness in a recent suit in America. " I f you spoke like that on tbe stsge you would not be hoard." 44 But I am not a ood actor," was the sstoniihing reply, f'he hero of this humility deserves immortal glory, so we give his name. I t ii John P . Porter. W hen anyone is tempted to dwell on the egotism of actors, let him remembor John P. P. H ere’s a hint to theatrical managers who discover promising actresses. A lady who has now some repute on the American boards we* asked her age some years ago by the manager, who agreed to advertise her unequalled gift*. 441 was born in I860," she said. "B etter make it 1862," he suggested. 44That will show you came out at twenty, which is a telling age for a first appearance." English actresses had better 6et to work and revise their chronology. Tbe stories about the candidature of M r Harrison for the American Presidency cannot be very exhilarating to his party. " He is a candidate who will grow," remarked one Republican, who was anxious to find aorne motive for enthusiasm. "T here’s plenty of room," said another, who was not so sanguine. Such is the stimulus of figurative speech. — Weekly Dispatch. 