Mr Dow replying to an enquiry in the House a few evenings since, stated that the Forest Conservation Bill was ready, and would, if the state of parliamen- iary business permitted, be submitted to the Assembly this session. The Minister of Lands should know that it is to the last degree unlikely that the House will find either time or inclina tion to deal with a forest bill, and his conditional proposal to bring the bill down reads like a bit of irony. Like many other folks we would like to know why proper legislative pro vision for the conservation of our native timber should be con demned to the fate of perennial neglect or postponement; We credit Mr Dow with at least a general know ledge of the subject of Victorian forestry, and of the great and pressing importance of some intelligent system of conservation, but it is not easy to reconcile this knowledge on his part with his dilatory and perfunctory atti tude. Some months since there was a manifestation of public interest in the matter, an interest which of course neither lessened nor increased the urgency of the requirement, but which seems to have, at any rate, persuaded the Minister of Lands that something would have to be done. . A forest bill was hastily promised, and in the mean while the Government, in a somewhat •irregular way, forestalled the provi sions of the nascent bill by appointing a conservator, and, in fact, initiating the expense to the country of a De partment of Woods and Forests, without showing that there was any well- considered scheme for working it. Mr Dow was told over and over again that any attempt to amend the present useless and costly system, or rather want of system of dealing with Vic torian forests,. would result in mis chievous failure, and that the only safe plan was to organise here some tried and satisfactory scheme of forest conserva tion, such as it practised in, for example, South Australia. There has always been a strong misgiving on. the part of those who paid critical attention to his procedure in this matter, that that gentleman allowed himself to become the instrument of those who desired, from motives of indolence, or ignorance, or interest, or a combina tion of all three, to preserve the exist ing well developed plan of how not to do it, or at most to consent to such surface modifications as would placate the public, while leaving Victorian State forestry practically in its present discreditable muddle. .Whether this misgiving with reference to Mr Dow’s sincerity of purpose were well founded or not it must be granted that he has omitted no opportunity of strengthen ing it. For a dozen years or so we have been promised a forest con servation bill. The need for it has been steadily growing all. the time. While we have been wasting time South Australia has improved it, and has to-day a system of forest con servation which on the one hand proves itsellf most effective in preventing waste of native timber, and oh the other promises to yield a magnificent profit to the State. There were con vergent circumstances which strongly indicated that the time had fully come for similar action on our part, and that the Minister of Lands in accepting a manifest and urgent duty would ' also find the - accomplish ment of that, duty “easy; How the department has acquitted itself under the conditions we need not re cite. Something has been done," or perhaps it were more correct to say.'a pretence has been made of doing some thing. A conservator' has been ap pointed before there is any acknow ledged system for him to superintend, a bill has been prepared which may meet the exigencies of the cafe, and again may only evade and trifle with them^nd?ihiawvk]l the%natural interpretation ?u^on/Mr invthe AssemblyTtKe other evening, itk-Js all \ that phe proposes to'do. N Neglect of ’a national interest >'so important should hA ex pected not from even ordinary states manship, but only at the hands, of.a mere' time-serving politician.., . Dow is drily feebly in. earnest : about the •of • our magnificent endowment of native: timber, and if his long talked of bill is worth the paper it is printed on he owes it to the country arid to his ;pwnreputation for candor and ability that the bill shall: be introduced without delay. There; is no reason why it should; not be dealt, with . first in the Council. If the scheme which the bill is supposed to eriibody, 1 is constructed: with even moderate, care and skill, the bill should :not-; require very lengthy corisideration, and. once agreed to by the Council might- be adopted by the Lower House as. soon as the forms of that Chamber would permit. At any rate, Mr ; Dow might have moved a first reading in' even the Assembly, and thereupon have put tiie bill in cir culation, so that it might have been discussed by the press arid the public, and its imperfections, if : any, pointed out. By omitting to resort to either course unfriendly criticism is invited, and excuses the impression that the question has been deliberately trifled with. It matters but little to the people of Victoria whether this trifling is due to too tender a regard for existing interests, or is the out come of mere indolent neglect. In any case Victorians cannot well afford to submit to it rriuch longer. The Stock Exchange only ' devoted .three days to business last week, Mon day and Tuesday being the conclusion of the Cup holidays, and Friday being observed as the anniversary of the Prince of Wales’ birthday. However, on Wednesday and Thursday, as also on Saturday, the market had a very good tone, and a comparatively large dumber of stocks, changed hands at fairly firm rates. . Berry No. 1 had a very large business with sales as high as 98s, and Berry Consols Extended were also in strong demand, with sales up to 275, but both stocks weakened a little on Thursday, and on Saturday Berry No. 1 changed hands freely from 92s to 89s, and Berry Con sols Extended at 22s Gd, 225, and 22s 3d. Berry Consols were firmly held, though without much business, and they closed on Saturday with buyers at £ll Ss and sellers at £ll 11s, Madame Berry had a transaction on Saturday at £lO os. We note that the .return from the mine last week reached the magnificent figure of close upon 950 oz, and the Berry Consols'obtained nearly 340 oz. Lord Harry had nufnerous transactions at current rates, closing on Saturday with buyers at 64s Gd and sellers at GSs. Earl Beaconsfield are now mar ketable at 70s, arid Hepburn Estate at 20s. There was a somewhat large busi ness done in Hepburn Rocky Lead on Saturday, with some sales as high as 2s. Smeaton Reserve kept in de mand all the week at steady rates with sales on Saturday at 16s and 15s 9d. The Chalks’ group furnished a consider able amount of business with an up ward tendency, Chalk’s Freehold closing on Saturday with buyers un supplied at 51s, and Chalk’s No. 1 being marketable at 265. The Star of the East return for the fort night was splendid, 1001 tons yielding no less than 1191 oz 13 dwt 12 gr of bar gold. Some of the shares changed hands on Saturday at 975, and Gay’s Band of Hope improved in sympathy, with sales up to 6s 6d. The grand prospects of the Star of the East surely cannot fail to give anew tone to the whole Plateau lines. The Band and Albion stock, however, is dull at present, being obtainable for 535\. Several of the Plateau stocks afforded a little business during the week at current rates, and closed stronger on Saturday. In the Ballarat East stocks there were occasional trans actions, with no alteration of- any con sequence, and Egerton stocks were quiet. Dr Moore, the Roman Catholic Bishop of Ballarat, returned to this city by the after noon train ou Saturday, after p visit to Euiope extending over 12 months. There was a large assemblage at the Western rail way station when the train arrived, aud on the bishop making his appearance he was greeted with loud cheers and cries of “ Wel come.” Accompanying the revered prelate were the Rev. Father Keffe, principal of the new Roman Catholic College about to be established; the Hon. and Rev. W. Plunkett, formerly an officer in the Royal Fusiliers; 12 nuns, belonging to three different orders; as well as several other religieuses. From the station the distinguished clergymen and laity proceeded to St. Patrick’s Cathedral, where a brief service incidental to the occa sion was held, and the bishop was presented with six addresses of welcome. To these he replied from the. pulpit in a somewhat lengthy and interesting address. There was a vast concourse of people at the station and at the cathedral, and the sacred edifice was thronged at the service. A report of the proceedings appears in The Star else where. The matter of the Ballarat East local option poll will come oil for hearing before the Melbourne Supreme Couit to-morrow. The decision will bo looked foru ard to with much iiiterest by'many in Ballarat. A report of Charity Sunday proceedings appears in to-duy’s paper. So far the returns shows an increase upon last year’s contribu tions. The fortnightly meeting of the City Council will be held to-day. Mr Rowan, the clerk of the peace, on Saturday last received from the judge who presided at the County Court held in Bal larat lust month, the decisions which were reserved in the two cases, Aisbett v Hickey and Chalmers v Welch. In the former case Edward Aisbett, a cabman, sued Michael Wm. Hickey (the contractor with the Vic torian Railways Commissioners for the night to ply for hire at the railway stations) for £9o'damages, on account of Hickey having turned Aisbett away from the station yard. Messrs Pearson and Mann appeared for the defendant Hickey, . and Messrs Salter and Pinkerton for Aisbett. His Honor held that Hickey was quite justified in turning away any cabman plying for hire at the station, and gave a verdict to that effect with costs. In the case of Chalmers v Welch, in which plaintiff sought to recover £7O odd for use and accupation of land in Armstrong street, a verdict was returned for plaintiff for £6 ss. Messrs Pearson and Mann instructed Hr Finlaysou for defendant, and Messrs Mitchell, Nevett, and- Robinson instructed Mr Gaunt for plaintiff. The 'benefieeuce of the Reman, Catholic Bishop of Ballarat, is about to bear practical fruit in the dioeese; A- short time 6ince that prelate purchased, . out of his' private purse, Mr W. H. Gaunt's late residence, “ Coondah,” for £4OOO, and Mr Tunbridge’s for £3OOO. The former is t« be opened as a Roman Catholic College, and Father Reffe, late principal of the renowned Blackrock Col lege, Dublin, lias arrived to take charge of the scholastic arrangements. With him are three fathers of the Order of trie Holy Ghost, who will act ub assistant teachers. Mr Tuubridce's late residence has been con verted into an orphanage and an asylum for the aged poor. This has been formally • handed over foitix sisters' of-the Orderof, Nazareth, who* also (arrived in the same" steamship as tjie Bishop. The; orphanage willbi open for, the admission of all whose state gives them a claim for refuge in 'it, irrespective of creed or country. - . The Ballarat Bowliiig Club’will engage in* a friendly game of bowls to-day on tho Ballarat green with the team of N.S. Wales ibowlers tvho'are'oil'a-visit'to’Ballarat.--The following .'arrangements have been made:— ■Arriving I, in- the morning, the visitors will drive, into'’tlie~country. Returiiingr they will visit the Town ’Hall at 1 o’clock, audj will become the guests ,of the mayor,' after; which they will be taken for a drive around, the town. At 2.30,". the- game .over, the ; . visitors will be entertained .at dinner at'.thej Bnck’s Head hotel. " The following gentle-) men will represent; the Ballarat club:—! Messrs P. Normand, J. Taylor, WrfC. i Phillips, G. Brown, juii.',''Dr Lowe, C. Scates, W. Cahill, G. Brown, sen., J. Hous-' ton, W. Vallauee,) H. Hunt, T. Berking,: Bradley, Legge,,-.WYTyson, J. Stephenson;: emergency Garvie, Whitten, M’Gilvcry,. D. Mitchell, Leggo, J: Wright. ■ ;The general; committee of the Benevolent Asylum meet this evening.' ’ There were SO inmates in the Hospital at the end of last week, of whom 63. were males atid-1.7 females.- During the" week - 63 new but- patieiits were'."treated 1 (including 13 casualties), making, with: 16S old out patients, 230 on'- the books for, treatment. Dr Woinarski is the medical officer for the ensuing week, and Dr Piunock the surgical officer. ... ■ • A iittie girl named Edith Thomas, seven years of age, whose parents reside in Barkly street, was admitted to the': hospital'on Saturday,: suffering from exhaustion, con sequent-on los3 of blood. She - fell on a broken glass bottle,.’which penetrated her hand, severing one of the. large arteries. The 1 following accidents were also treated at the hospital the same day:—James Reid, 23 years of age, a resident of James street, suffering from a crushed finger, through a log falling on it; John Smith," 16 years of age, whose parents live in Bond street, having a fishhook in liis finger. In the coarse of his reply to the addresses of welcome presented to. him on Saturday, the Roman Catholic'Bishup of Ballarat re ferred to the honors -recently conferred by the Pope on prominent members of the church in this diocese. Deans Hoyue and O'Dow'd had been raised to the purple by their ap pointment as prelates of the Pope’s house hold, giving them the title of Monsignor. Dr Delaney, the bishop’s private secretary, had also had conferred upon him the Romau doctorship, while Messrs D. Brophy and J. Coghlan, J’s.P., bad been constituted knights of the order of St. Gregory the Great. The Buninyong Wesleyan Suuday school held their anniversary services yesterday. The Rev. A. Powell imd Miss Symons were the preachers. The collections for the charities will be taken up ou a subsequent date, in consequence of the anniversary effort. Messrs Macmalioii have secured the cele brated Jungfrau Kapelle and Swiss Moun tain Singers for a short season in Ballarat, commencing on Thursday, 22nd November, at the Academy of Music. The entertain ment is about tile most unique that has come to the colonies, and its success has been re mat kable, having wou the hearty-commen dation of the press aud the public. The anniversary of the Neil street Wes leyan Church was celebrated yesterday, when three excellent sermons were delivered to overflowing congregations. The Rev. Lori nier Pisou, M.A., preached in the morning from Numbers xxii., 20, and agaiu in’the evening from 2nd Peter ii., 15. The after noon service was conducted by the Rev. E. W. Nye, who gave a stirring address from Ist Peter, ii., 4, and 5. The singing by the church choir, under the leadership of Mr A. C. Michell, was very much enjoyed. Miss Balmain acquitted herself well iu her execution on the organ. The collections for the day amounted to £l5 S-s fid. The ser vices will be continued to-niglit by a tea and public meeting. Tile Hon. David Uam will preside, and addresses will be given by the Revs. R. A. Whyte (St. John’s, Anglican), Scott-Millar (Presbyterian), M. Hoiking (Town Missionary), the circuit ministers, and ocher gentlemen, and a large attendance is expected. Ample arrangements were in various ways made for the Press at the demonstration in celebration of_ the return of Dr Moore, Roman Catholic Bishop of Ballarat. Special seats were set apart uear the pulpit in the Cathedral, for the reporters, a number of whom represented Melbourne newspapers. Messrs Brophy, J.P., J. Casey, M. Martin, J. J. Fitzgerald, J.P., and C. Hickey were courteous in their attentions to the pressmen in the crowded congregation, and all requisite information was promptly supplied by them. The prizes won at the late spring show of the Ballarat Agricultuial and Pastoral Society will be paid at Craig’s hotel mi Saturday uext, between the hours of 1 and 4 o’clock. The attention of all opposed to local option is directed to a public meeting to be held in the M.U. Hall this evening, when an in teresting programme of solos, choruses, &e.;, will be given, also address on the above in teresting subject. A boy named Fritz Engeler, 15 years of age, whose parents reside in Otway street, had a narrow escape from a serious or fatal accident oil Saturday. He was playing with a revolver, when it exploded, and the bullet entered one of his toes. He attended at the Hospital, where the lead was extracted, and after the wound had been dressed the boy was taken home. An old man named Alexander Cameron, 60 years of age, a resident of Pound Hill, sustained a very severe accident on Saturday afternoon, through falling from a dray. Ho fractuted several ribs, bruised his leg, and ruptured the femoral artery. He was con veyed to the Ballarat Hospital, and was admitted as an in-patient. Last night he was progressing as favorably as could be ex pected, but it is feared that it may yet be found necessary to amputate his leg. A branch of the Australian Natives’ Asso ciation will be opened at Natimuk, on Wed nesday next, by Mr R. T. Hager. After the opening there is to be a banquet. A young man, named James Taylor, a visitor from Ballarat, of larrikin proclivity (writes our Smythesdale correspondent) was presented at the police court on Friday, charged by Coustable Allen with being drunk and disorderly in a public place on the evening of the Prince of Wales Birthday. The magistrate read him a wholesome lecture on the evil of intemper aace, and discharged him with a caution to be more circumspect in future. On the Prince of Wales’ Birthday the children attending the Scarsdale Skate school (writes our Smythesdale correspon dent) were the partakers of a picnic, pro vided by the members of the local Board of Advice in Rotiierwaod Park, kindly granted for the occasion by Mr John Bird. There was a large imister of both parents and children, who enjoyed themselves to their hearts’ content, by engaging in a variety of games during the greater part of the day, the wants of the inner man being amply provided for. Towards evening an adjourn ment was made to the Town Hall, when the youngsters recited pieces and rendered a number of songs very nicely. Miss Young and Mr M ‘Kenzie provided the necessary music, the former playiug on the piauo and the latter on the violin.’ A case of wife desertion was brought to light in the Maryborough Police Court on Saturday morning, when a man named fteprge Culpin, about 60 years of age, was presented on this charge. Accused formerly lived on Chinainaii’s Flat, near Maryborough, and in 1884 levanted ■ with another woman; The wife obtained a warrant for his arrest, but he succeeded in evading .the vigilauce of the police until he returned to Bowenvale a few days since to enjoy a holiday. The woman who is with the Recused informs the police that she is married to him, and should this be proved correct, a second charge, of bigamy, will probably be filed agaiust him. Meantime intelligence has been received that bis lawfnl wife, was recently admitted as a’ patient to the Sandhurst hospital, being per fectly helpless and destitute. . Shearing, (says the Campcrdoicn Chronicle) is progressing now iu almost every station in this district, the exceptions being Jancdurt,' Tau’darook, Eddington, and Chocolyti, where, work will be started about 20tli inst. The ! Mount Noorat shed is still unoccupied, though a settlement of Hie difficulty is ex pected soon. ’ At Maridayallbck 'about half. a-doZeti non-unionists are at work, which is proceeding slowly. Koort Koortnong shed lias commeced with a full board of union j shearers. At Guotuk,.-Law,renny, Menin- > goort, an’d.other: stations, work is progress- - jmg favorably. Quamby has filled with non- ' uhionista. By the mid-day train on Friday Ja large number of men arrived from Mel- . bourne, and were immediately driven ont to ' Mount\Elephant to resume shearing opera tiousthere. They were met at the railway station ~by a. number of unionists, who harangued.the'party, aud pointed out to the new arrivals-the benefit tc be derived from unionism.- : The Hamilton Spectator 'mentions ,Mr Moffatt, Mr W.H. Crocker, solicitpjyiMel-- -bourne,"and Mr"A, Wynne, of this city, as; probable candidates 'for the seat rendered; vacant by the resignation of the Hou. T. F. j Cumming as one of the representatives of tliej ' Western - Province in' the Legislative As-j sembly. -7 - . i • “ Timoetheus,”; in his “ Notes Above the; Speaker,” says:— ‘‘There have been .three; parties in the Assembly this session,-the; Ministry in possession, the Opposition in the' corner, and the Obstruction installed oh the i left. The first' have'little to congratulate themselves upon; the-latter have much to be ashamed of. In a sarcastic spirit Disraeli makes one of his characters describe the second Peel Ministry as refusing everything and yielding all. A Obstructive in Parlia ment,’ said Lord Vere, ‘ and destructive out of doors.’ .‘The first-public accociation of men,’ adds Cbningsby, ‘ who have worked for the Treasury benches without enunciating a single principle.’ The Left has been a vulgar copy of this imaginary group. ‘ tVe have stonewalled everything,’.'may muse one mem ber, and ; debated ‘ Xlie Ministry laughs at us,’ may add another, ‘ and the corner cuts us.’i ‘ The i Government must have gone ..out,’ may mourn a'third, recol lecting the budget, fiasco, ‘but.the House was unanimous that we should uot come in.’ ‘-By Jove,’ says Buckhurst in the novel, ‘ what infernal fools, we have made of our -1 selves !’ and this-is the short summary of the. situation.” The Av-stralasian Building Societies and Mortgage Companies’ Gazette for the current month contains, among a variety of interest ing commercial matters, a table showing the assets aud liabilities of 'the Melbourne build ing societies, compiled from the last balance sheets issued by these societies. There are forty-nine of these societies, aud the iufor .mation as .to their condition and advance ment is of special interest just now. The’ total number of permanent shares is to the ! value of £1,503,355; that of the investing, subscribing, and. terminating shares amoun t to £1,367,210, the reserve funds are valned at £224,140; the dividend aud bonuses payable in cash amount to £72,466; the un divided profits amouut to £183,179; and the deposits to £4,056,447. The total liabilities of the societies are. set down as £7,733,197. The loans and advances, including arrears, amount to £7,030,755; the freehold properties held by the societies are valued at £345,091; the cash in hand at the bank amounts to £115,660; and other assets to £155,653. 