Baptism of the Queen's Grand Daughter. HIE BEV. DIt. CAMERON LEES OFFICIAT ING. ! An event of gome historical interest took place a few weeks ago at Balmoral Castle, the occasion being the celebra tion of the baptism of the infant daughter of His Royal llighuess Prince Henry of Battenburg and her Royal Highness the Princess Bestnce. Tho young Priucess, the second child of their Koyal Highnesses), was born at Balmoral Castle on the afternoon of Monday, 24th October, and in an» nouncing the event the 'Court Circular' stated that the birth was the first that had occurrod in the Royal Family in Scotland since 1600. On 19th November of that year the ill-fated Charles I., secoud son of James I., was boru at Dunfermlino. Probably the baptism of the Princess Beatrice's little daughter was the first under the Presbyterian form that has ever occurred in the Royal Family Bince the Union. The baptism was celebrated in the drawing-room of the castle, a spicious apartment, possessing characteristics of a Highland home, the furniture being upholstere 1 in tartan cloth, of which material the window drapery was also composed. The room was specially embellished for the occasion. The font was placed on a square pedestal, encased in crimson cloth. The font was the large, chastelyorna mented gold one, which has been used in the baptism of nil the members of the Royal Family. At the base of tie pedestal, and arrangod around the base of the font, there was a chaste display of leaves and flowers, com prising white chrysanthemums, C.»pe jasmine, arbor vitae sprigs, white lilies, md maiden hair ferns. The water in ihe font came from the River Jordan. While the Royal part? entered tho Irawing-room the Madrigal Choir iang a choral by H.R.H. Prince Consort — In life'i gay morn, ere sprightly youth By voico and folly is enslaved ; Oh, may thy Mnskors'i glorious name Be on thy infant mind engraved. This verse wm also being sung while the infant Princess was brought into the room by Lady 'Riddulph and two nurses. Dr. Cameron Lees then per formed the ceremony of baptism according to the simple order of the Church of Scotland, Her Majesty holding the infant Princess while the water was sprinkled on the child's face. The names given were — Victoria Eugenie Julia Eva. Immediately after the baptism, the choir sang ' St. Francis,' by Sir Arthur Sullivan, the words specially arranged being — O, Father. Thou Who hast created all. In wisest Iovo we pray, Looic on this babe, who at Thy gracious call, Is entering on life's way, Bend o'er her in Thy tenderness, Thino image on her soul impress. O, Father, hoar. O, Son of Qod, who diedst for us, behold, We bring our child to Theo ; Thou, Under Shepherd, take her to Thy fold Thine own for ayo to be; Defend her through this earthly. strife, And lead her on tho path of life. O, Son of God! O, Holy Ghost, Who broodest o'er tho wave,. . Descend upon this child ; Give her undying life, her spirit lave With waters undenled ; | Grant her, while yet a'babo to be I A child of God, a home for Thee — I 0, Holy Ghost! Dr. Cameron Lees then offered up prayer, and thereafter the choir sang ?Now thank we all our God.' Dr. Cameron Lees then pronounced the Benediction, and the ceremony was over, having lasted about twenty minutes. The scene presented was very picturesque. Her Majesty wore a black dress and white cap. ' The keepers and ghillies wore Highland dregs,' arid the bright blue of the tartan, as well as of the scarlet coats most of the meg servants wore, added colour to the scene and enhanced the the effect. ' Most of the servants' wore JubileV medal. After the ceremony was over, all those who had been in vited to witnoRs it had luncheon in the ballroom. We understand Her Majesty presented the servants with souvenirs in commemoration of the event. On the above cermany the London ' Presbyterian ' of 2nd December has the following remarks : — ' The baptism of the infant Princess at Balmoral by a Presbyterian minister has produced a great commotion among the High Church party in England. True it is that the Rev. Dr. Cameron Loes is a minister of the Church of Scotland, to the maintenance of which the Queen is pledged by her Coronation oath quito as much as to that of the Church of England. He is moreover, one of Her Majesty's chaplains, and Dean of the Chapel Royal and of tho Ordor of the Thistle. !? All that, however, is nothing in the eyes of those arrogators of a : monopoly to all clerical funotions. ' We may believe,' says the ' Church Review,' 'that the child is validly baptised, since the church recognises lay baptism.' How exceedingly condescend it is of the ' Church Review ' to make that admission when the layman in question is a Presbyterian minister and Royal chaplain ! The ' Church Times' cannot find any language at all adequate to express its emotions ; and conse quently prints the announcement of the baptism in the most conspicuous, part of the paper, merely prefacing it by saying : — ' Wo give the greatest possible prominence to the following paragraph.' Fortunately the nation at large has not the slightest sympathy with churchmen' of that sort ; and their outcry is more likely to excite ridicule than to gain appreciation from any but their own exclusive clique.'— Melb. Telegraph. 