THE TRACK OF THE STORM. A NOVEL. By DORA RUSSELL, Authoress of ' Footprints in the Snow,' ' The Broken Beal,' &c;, Ice, &o.; [Published by special arrangement with the authoress. All right* reserved.] Chapter IX. — Their Son-in- Law. To say Joe Monster's words were a shock to the good man who listened to them, Is to give a very poor idea of the rector's feelingB when he heard that Jack still lived. In a moment he thought of Lucy — of Lucy and her wedding day so near ! He grew absolutely pale. He stared at Joe, who with his shaking hands now com menced to draw out a letter. ' How do you know i' at last faltered the rector. 'Because he has written.' answered Joe with his clammy lips. ' It's his own handwriting, there is no mistake. He's had brain fever and been in a hospital at Lisbon. He was picked up at sea by an outward-bound ship, and his head was hnrt, and they put In at Lisbon and left him there. No one knew who he was, and he could not tell them, and he's lain there ever since ; but he's come round now.' ' And you mean to tell me the letter is from Jack — from Jack himself ?' ' From Jack himself. You may read it.' And Joe held out a letter written on foreign paper ; but the handwriting was not foreign — the rector also knew it well— the., familiar handwriting of Jack Monsters. ' My dear Joe,' read the rector, with a strangely moved heart, ' By this time I dare say you have given up all hope of ever seeing me again. I can scarcely be lie ve my senses when I find what day and what month this is, and remember that nearly two months have passed away that have been utterly blank to me. You know, of course, the poor little Lucy foundered on the morning of the 9th of Qctober, almost in sight of the Northum brian cost. For days we had had bad -weather, and the yacht was terribly strained, and we were trying to make for North wick harbor when the tremendous gale of the 8th and 9th caught us, and I soon saw all hope was over. 'I shall never forget the morning of the 9th, when the dawn broke over the wild sea, and I knew as the waves swept the deck, and the poor little Lucy quivered coder the mass of water, that we would never see the land. I wrote a message as I stood there, looking death in the face, and placed it in a bottle. I wonder if if the sea ever carried it home. I thought of you all, you may be sure, in this, which I truly believed was my last hour. I told the men to prepare them selves for the wont, and some of them lashed themselves to spars, and some took lifebelts. No boat could live in such a sea, but we tried to launch one, and as we were doing this, two tremendous waves lapped over the yacht, and she settled down, and never rose again. 'As 1 felt her going I leaped Into the sea, and found myself struggling in the huge waves 1 looked round for the other poor fellows, and I saw Railston, who also had a lifebelt. I had one, but I did not see any hope. I was carried on and on — * whirled on, rather, like a feather in the ?hr-^mtn I heefiSM uaeontdous, and I nmesBber nothing nu*e distinctly until I found myself lying fat the hospital here as an unknown seller picked vp by a French ship at sea. Ike Frenchman pnt In at Lisbon to coal ; but the crew eouldgiveno account of me except that they tried in the gale to run for shelter to Northwiok harbor, but gave up the attempt, and some time during the morning of the 9th I was seen floating close to the ship, and the sailon succeeded in saving me. My head struck against the ship's side, however, as they dragged me up, and was badly hurt, and I remained quite Insensible during the rest cf the voyage, and they left me here, lhave been at death's- door here, I am told, with brain fever, and am still very ill. But I have my senses all right again, and remember everything up to the timewhen the Lucy wentdown. Please takethisletter to the rector, Joe, and when you write or come, tell me how they all are, and tell them 1 hope now soon to see them again. Were any of the other poor fellows picked up? I see poor Railston's face still, as I saw it last amid the surging sea ! I trust to hear that he, or at least some of them, are saved, aa there was a ship not far off when the Lucy foundered. And send me some money please, at once — a hundred pounds — I shall want some to give the good people here who have been so kind to me. And with love and kind regards to old Madge, ' 1 remain, your affectionate brother, 11 J. MUHSTEBS.' The letter was dated from a hospital In Lisbon a few days back, and as the rector returned it to Joe he said almost solemnly — ' So ! God has spared poor Jack's life, then — well, I am glad, I am glad 1' and he turned away his head. And be was glad — how could he but be glad that the bright young face be remem bered since Jack was a boy had nob gone down amid the cruel sea I But Lucy 1 The rector's heart was strangely disturbed within him, thinking what it was now right to do. But one day off her wedding day ! And yet not to tell her — that her friend, her lover, whom she had so passionately mourned — still lived ! The rector, In trnfch, could not decide. He looked at Joe, and asked again for the letter. ' ' May I-how it to Mn. King ?' he said, and Joe nodded his head and sat discon solately down, feeling as if he had been defnuded of the goods and chattels whose possession had been so pleasant to him. His eyes happened to fall on the sleeve of his black coat, and a sickly grin dis- torted his lips. All the expense he had gone to for nothing ! He had ordered a tombstone, and it was coming home this week ; if poor Jack's ghost had arrived instead of his letter, it could not have created more consternation In the heart of Joe. In the meanwhile Mr. King had gone to his wife's bedroom, where he found her on her knees arranging some finery in a trunk in the expectation of her journey next day. She looked up and smiled as her hus band went In. 'I hope our new son-in-law will ad mire myi bonnet,' she said; 'I expect Louisa will say my whole dress Is too juvenile — but what matter, we need not be so afraid of Louisa now !' ' Felicia,' began the rector, almost In a faltering voice, 'the strangest thing has happened.' 'What has happened?' asked Mrs. King sharply, still on her knees. 'Joe Munston has had a letter — a letter from Jack himself— Jack is alive, and is In a hospital at Lisbon.' Mn. King sprang to her feet, and her complexion suddenly faded. 'No!' she cried, grasping -her hus band's arm ; ' I can't believe it — I don't believe it — this is just some mistake, like the other.' 'This is no mistake, here is the letter ; read it yourself.' Then Mrs. King read the letter, and as she did so knew there could be no mistake this time. Jack Monsters was alive, and she now also thought of Lucy. ' And Lucy,' asked the rector, with a faltering tongue. ' Lucy ! What has Lucy to do with it?' quickly answered Mn King, and her color swiftly flushed back into her cheeks. ' Lucy Is to be married the day after to-morrow — what Is this young man now to her?' 'We know what he once was. The question Is — should she be told ?' 'Certainly not, James, most certainly not. What ? Tell her the very day be fore her marriage, and unsettle her for no purpose ? It would be madness to do so — you must see it would be madness ?' ' I can't make up my mind,' said the rector, with a restless sigh ; ' Lucy was, no doubt, very fond of poor Jack.' ' Yet she could accept another man five or six weeks after his supposed death 1 This does not look like very devoted love, does it ? No, Lucy, like the rest of girls, was pleased to have a lover, and young Munsten was next door. James, do not breathe a word of this to any one until after the marriage, at least.' 'It may lead to mischief,' said the rector uneasily. 'What mischief can it lead lead to? Without behaving most dishonorably, Lucy could not break off with Sir William Harley now. Just think of the disgrace, the scandal, If she attempted to do such a thing. I am certain Louisa would never speak to one of us again if she even at tempted it ; and don t forget what we owe Louisa, and all the debts and troubles, James, ^that Lucy's marriage I hoped would end.' ' My dear, it is a good marriage for her —but still ? ' 'And young Munsters' was a shocking marriage, even at the best,' Interrupted Mrs. King eagerly. ' And, James, don't forget she was not engaged to him — there was really nothing between them but a foolish flirtation, which I hoped the sea had ended, and I wish it had.' 'Don't say that, Felicia, we must be glad the young man's life is spared ; and I liked Jack. It was strange, certainly; and not very deep love, as you Bay, her forgetting him so soon. ' ' 11 My dear, Lucy likes the world, and admiration, and pleasure a great deal better than she ever liked Jack Munston. She made a ridiculous fuss when he was supposed to have died, but I knew very well, and Louisa knew very well that it once she were thrown into society again her BUDposed love for this young man would soon be forgotten. Nay, I am cer tain, James, she would not thank you for telling her tne day before her wedding day that her old lover was still alive. She might think It necessary to shed a few tears, and Lucy would not care to appear with red eyes and a disfigured face ' ' Well, perhaps you are right. It might unsettle her ; it might be unjust to Sir William Harley. She has chosen hi -n of her own accord ; no one forced her into ' Certainly no one forced her into it. Louisa says she is quite delighted, quite radiant. My dear, do take my advice about this — don't disturb and distress the poor girl the day before her wedding day.' The rector hesitated a moment or two longer, and then decided not to toll Lucy. 'As you say, it would make such a tremendous fuss,' he said ; 'and your sister would never forgive us if Lucy broke off the match. But I don't chink she would do that.' '1 am sure she would not; and it would only make every one uncomfortable for nothing to tell her this wonderful story. When she Is Lady Harley she will receive the news quite coolly, yon will see.' The rector said nothing more. He went down stain again, and found Joe thinking of the hundred pounds of poor Jack's money which he would be forced to send him, but which somehow seemed to Joe a* If ft wsrt s*st»^ *^ ^^w»**| pocket. . . . ^&mmi; asked the raetor. ? - ? ^; ! J-^if# 'No,' said Jots riowfr 'it wosdd dtt^ \ Increase the expense, a^whatfSTwW' ;J do? lwUlwrfteT^ , - -Ss^ 'Yes. AndJcV'hedtatadtteifsM ' I wouldn't tell him any news that wSBte he likely to disturb him, yon know ; iS*' ^ not mention Lucy's wedding, Ifttnk ; %* ' give our kindest regards to him, sadfBwv ~* how pleased we shall all be to ssehb» -i' again.' 'assist ' Yes.' said Joe, and he stared at tW 7 rector blankly. * He had had no intention of menttoalnf ' Lucy's wedding ; had in fact forgotten all * about it in the overpowering shock -of : ? losing possession of the lands of Lee. * :w* And after he was gone &* reotortrJed ~ J to settle again to his work, bat it was wftfc ''i an uneasy mind. Mn. King also felt : greatly disturbed at the unfortunate re- ' appearance of Jade Monsters. Bat the husband and wife did not speak of It any more. They avoided the subject, 4n fast, and started on their journey to townea the following morning, alike thinking of it, bnt in silence. Still the rector thought hb wife's adrloe had been right when he saw Lucy. The* ? arrived at Mrs. Oraaley-Forbesrs hoos* at Queen's Gate about half-past 7 o'clock, and Lucy, dressed for dinner in her ' pretty white gown, ran down the bread ? - staircase to receive her father andmotiksr, - and though she kissed her mother first, she lingered longest in ner father's anss. ' ? 'Well,' said the rector rather huskily, for he was not a little agitated, 'letss* ? ook at yon, my darling. -r And he held ler a little away from him and looked in her fair face. There were no apparent signs there of grief or regret. ' She is a lovely woman,' her father thought, 'and I hope and trust we are acting for the best.' And it did seem indeed too late to ??'? speak to the girl now of her old lover. - Lucy showed them all the valoabl» wedding presents she had received, and ler trousseau, and said -with anma nf lur ' ' old saudness— 41 My new stepson called on me yjstw - day— a fine-grown young man of twenty* ?' six !' .'??;? There wss something hollow and mock* ' Ing In her laugh, her father noticed, as she '. said this, and indeed in her whole manner. And when the rector saw Sir William Harley, somehow it did not make him fast more content regarding his daughter'* future happiness. Sir William arrived to dine at Qaeen'e Gate at half -past 8 o'clock, and be intro duced to the parents of his bride ; and the great disparity between their ages struck the rector with unpleasant force. - But Sir William was apparently quits) unconscious of this. At once the reetorv shrewd, humorous brown eyes pstoelvad on what excellent terms with himself hhv future son-in-law evidently was. ' I have pleasure in making your ao- ' quaintance, he said, «^ng Mr. King's hand; 'and, ah— Mrs. King's. Yott see Lucy and I were determined not to delay our happiness. We did not believe with Pope, Mr. King— ah— of course, yoa know the quotation — Love, free as air, at sight of human ties, : Spreads his light wings, and a moment flies. No— ah— human ties should consolidate love, in my opinion, and I believe that U is so.' 'We must hope so, at all events*? L- : smiled the rector a little grimly. ' What does the bride sayf* asked her mother, with forced playfulness. - ' The bride declines to discuss the sub- ' jeet,' said Lucy. ' Here is Aunt Louis* ' at last You good people' and she '? looked at her father and mother — ' mint; be dying of hunger, 1 am sure ?' ? ' ,' Chaiter X. — Till Death Us do Pake. The next morning was one of the : dreariest that could well be imagined. sV ' dripping rain, driven hither and thither :' ; by a strong, biting, north-east wind ; ? ;.*. - grey, murky, darksome sky ; an indesad- -{ bable chilliness that seemed topierosevetv i the costliest fun, and penetrate into sh» : most luxurious homes. . : It stole into the bride's bedchamber lav the dull yellow dawn, and she shuddered and covered her face, and wished she had. - ', ,k never seen this day ; it awoke the eldsffjr. - v ' bridegroom, who began to sneeze kmdJf* - and go through other nasal expressions ef '; ' dissatisfaction. It chilled theheart of fcbsv bride's father with an nnaccoontabto pr*v knowledge of coming evil ; and it flaada* the usual blooming complexion of. thst : , bride's mother look blue and frozen In the lurid light. But they all got np and dressed, and ' prepared to perform their part in ifce) . day's ceremony with the best grace the* could. The bridegroom out his stubbkid grey chin when he was shaving ll-— — **; and this did not improve his temper ; nor did the rain dashing against the window* : frames add to his equanimity. Yet he ? had his quotation ready when he arrived ? : at Queen's Gate, and spoke of himself a*W being ' fresh as a bridegroom ; and hl» chin new reaped ;' playfully tapping thai black patch with which it was now adorned. But, poor man, if he felt fresh he didn't look It! He looked yellow, bilious, and old. Not a comely old age either, with the clear eye and ruddy cheek which we sometimes see with a head of snow. Bat - Six William held himself erect as all , events, and was well dressed and welt satisfied with his own appearance. 'And what more could any reasonable wosssm want 1' said her aunt Louisa, with a little laugh, alluding to the bride. - ? And the bride ? The girl, whose skU of snow looked fair even in the murky light. Shall we look into her heart, and see if she also were self-satisfied, like her - future lord 1 Lucy rose and dressed herself hastily, forcing herself not to think. She hacdljf glanced at the rain, as she arranged her . beautiful light hair, declining the sjsjs. , tance of her aunt's maid, and keeping her door locked to shut oat all intruders. Presently she opened her litde desk and took out a photograph of poor Jack . Munsten -. Long and earnestly she gased at the bright smiling young face aha ex pected to see no more on earth. Tttea she tenderly and softly kissed the familiar features. 'You know, Jack,' she whispered, ' why I am doing this— I am not fuse to you, dear— that never can be— I shall always have your memory near me, Jack, always, always — that no one can take away.' Her mother rapped at the door and asked for admission while she was still gazing at the portrait of her old lovec Again Lucy kissed the face ; laid it against her cheeks, her lips ; and then, with a long drawn weary sigh, she replaced it in Her desk, and having done this she unlocked her door to admit Mrs. King. ' WeU, my dear, what a dreadful mom ing, Isn't it a pity V said her mother, aa she effusively kissed her. ' What matter is it ''.' answered Lucy. ' Oh, it does matter — it's so friphtfolly cold. Why, child, your fire isn't lit.' ' I did not care to be worried with any one coming in.' ' But yoa must have it lit now ; the day is so dreary.' ' Very suitable weather I I'm gUd there Is no sunshine.' ' My dear Lucy, don't say that— josit think what a splendid position is now b*y- . . fore you.' ' My dear mother, don't enlarge onvfikj^ Aunt Louisa has already done ao untifcftif . as dull as a thrice-told tale. We, yoQiMid I, yon know, need not practise aim of the little polite deceits of the world aan ursv . are alone. We both of us quite uafar stand why I am going to marry &r; WfJUaft ... Harley.' . /. . , 'I hope for your happmess, Lr1af^ff , ? [ x 'I hope.ttow^^ttMS^^IifV, .,'„ marrying him for a home ; '» Jmog«lMf Aunt Louisa kh^y inlot^^ .^ ^ opolJl : j never honestly earn one* 'jjift decUnsa tfcsj ' ViteftSure of my *oompany\when I begged net almest on'mykaees to keep me as her companion.' 'I do not understand all tola, Lucy,' laid her mother gravely. 'It's «asy enough to understand,' answered the girl bitterly ; 'one most live.' 'But, my dear ? ' 'Mother, when you -wrote to tell me about all the trouble at home, and urged me to marry, I saw there was no help for it But don't let na talk of it ; only I .am glad there is no sun. I used to like the sunshine when Jack waa alive, and the ?world was not all dreary and weary, as it !b now.' And Lucy gave a restless sigh. These words naturally made Mrs. King somewhat uneasy. She turned from her daughter and went to the window and stood there thinking, She was a sharp quick woman this, without much depth of mind, and she believed that wealth and tank really held the foremost place in every woman!s heart. Lucy was talking thus partly in bravado, she thought. She did not believe that her daughter wonld care now to give up her position as Sir William Harley's wife even if she had the chance. Yet there was a little discomfort' In Mrs. King's narrow worldly heart. What if Lucy were to make a fool of herself again when -she heard that Jack Monsters still lived ? Bat no, she, would never do this, the mother decided the aiextr moment ; her pride, her propriety would come to ibsr aid. If only the marriage were over, it would be all right ; and soshe turned -to her daughter again and smiled. ' What it is to have a fine complexion ?'? she satd gaily , 'even in the yellow, hideous color of the atmosphere, Lacy, you still look fair.' 'The greater contrast to my beloved, then!' ecofed tricy. 'Sir William, among ' his other perfections, cannot be said to have a fine complexion.' *' My dear, he has a fine purse, which is more to the point where a husband is concerned. One cannot live without money, you know, Lucy, aud what matter are a man's looks V 'Oh, he is ^ulte Batisfied with his looks, I can assure you. One of his most satisfactory qualities is that he will accept any amount of flattery as a pleasing tribute to his charms.' ' You naughty child, I won't listen to you. Iamgohig to ring for the maids. So this.ifl your dress? It-is truly lovely, Imcy. Your aunt really has behaved very handsomely.' 'Yes ;to the future Lady Harley. It 1b a handsome dress though,- isn't it? Mother,' won't you wear some of these jewels ? 38b one will, know they are not JOUTB.' ; Mra. King accepted her daughter's offer, and .from 4hat time to the hour fixed for the wedding Lucy waa never alone. ., .Presently she was dressed In the shining white robes of her wedding gown, and her bridal veil of magnificent lace was arranged on her fair head. . She looked a beautitul-womanj but /there -was no soft ness lntistfiace. . ' Sir William, will be preua of you,' : said her aunt, who was dressed in ruby velvet and sables. *flg' continued Mrs. Cranley-Forbes, glancingJbalf in. fan and half in satire at the light brocade which Sirs. King worts, ' don'* affect to be so juvenile. aa Felicia here— ^are you posing for the bride's » sister or mother, jbv dear?'...; 'I am not so good-looking, unforfcu nately,*Bs;IiQ£y,'; said Mrs. -King, with a laugh. ...-.:?.. ** No, you .never were and never will Toe ; Lucy is tie .beauty of the family, and \- her looks hava done fr/ery wellior her.' ** Thanks. tof.youjxaunt Louisa!' said Lucy, makinga-lrtitlejcurtsey. ??'.-' : ?? _ .-'?'¥«&:_ j-nrj- deai£? answered Mrs. Cranley-Forbes, fixing her bloodshot eyes on her nelce's handsome face ; ' as you say, thanks Jto me.. But come, It ia time ?we were5going. Sir William has been' here, aad has tioit gone on to the church ; you must go with your father, my dear; and your mother, or your sister Felicia -xather,.«ball,-go with me.' Felicia Sing only laughed at this. She was nat going to jqaarrel with her rich sister for a biting jest or two. If it amused Mrs. -3ranley- Forbes *o say tills ' it did JMEra; iKing no harm, ;argaed this lady, wild msdeitamlein^lifenot to In ; dul^re iDJoKer-aensiiiveneBB. : Then^mcy, theisride, went downstairs in heri«nowy ^gBrmehta and found Iiot father arid'aiiBcariiageBiWjdtang for her. The-MBtgxa's/expresaion was grave, and inhere was a.gobd tleal«f 'subdued emotion ^^nJjls^tttnriiarasJie^iBsad Mb daughter's gJJBWifea&W; i --.-v-a : ,-Yh;,i:.;, -» , .j.,^1'^— -^-^1 ** We have been all complimenting each other vprialn, my dear rector,' orlad Mrs. Cranky-Forbes, addressing her brother in-law, 'I've been telling your Felicia here she look* aa yotmg and dresses as yontkfa&y; as her daughter. It's well they *ave two sober people like you and I to take «are of them.' ' Lucy looks very well,' said the rector kindly? 'yon all look very well in spite of theireather— but I am sorry it's a wet mortfag.' *' Come along, good people,' said Mrs. Cranley^Forbee, ' we must not keep the bridegroom waiting. We must not for get t&b; fa very rheumatic weather for us ycaogpeopfe ; I have a touch In my right shoulder I know. Have you any rheu nutic pam«, Felicia?' 'Ifoj' said Mrs. King sharply, though she nrdled still. 'Now we are all ready. James, dear, give your arm to Lucy.' And presently they were all standing in a din, ehill church, and the bride and bridegroom were kneeling before the altar; plighting their solemn vows. On one point Lucy had been firm, which was to have a quiet wedding. 'I draw aline here, aunt,' she had told Mrs. Cranley- Forbes, with a very determined look in her blue eyes. 'I conld not stand a crowd to stare at me. ' She had wished to be married In her travelling dress and go straight away from the ebttrah door. But Sir William would not listen to this. He was proud of Lucy's beauty ; he we* marrying her for her beauty, and he wished to see her, and for his own family at least to see her dressed as a bride. He had made such a point of this that Lucy had given way. She would wear brldaL robes, and Captain Harley, Sir William's only son, a Guardsman and ?nthev a good-looking man, and Mrs. Law ley, Sir William's only daughter, and hus band were invited to the wedding; but they were the only guests. Mra. Lawley— the Hon. Mra. Lawley— for she had married the younger son of a noble family, was a pretty woman, Sir William having chosen his first wife also for her beauty. These three, the brother and sitter and Captain Lawley, were already in the church when the bride groom arrived, and when Mr. King led Lacy op to the altar they looked at each other with significant amUes. Then the ceremony commenced. The ?toot dderly man with the black patch on Us dun, and the beautiful young woman In her fresh prime, were bound to each olher « till death us' do part^Bu™ feath ~»k5|tfd to part these two. i JSiSiX14' *ki«PeredMr*.Law. ley to her brother. 'J2&\tJ$?tP* yoim* woman.' answered Fred Harley, who, with his fgiSs^***' ******* *' I don't, lt'a disgusting. I don't be lieve she's twenty,' said Mrs. Lawley. B$, all the same, she kissed her new stspppjlier on both cheeks a few minutes lataryand Captain Fred Harley warmly *'l am sore we shall be very good frlen6V-«ld. ' Yes,*1 said Lucy, and she smiled ; tOMfeow she iostuMtlrely trusted Frad SSZSSSSaS^ '^ waBUI ntmB^roratpHrs. Oranley.FojW *£ffm* W% fad partook of the luxuries which that lady had provided for their entertainment, it was not a formal breakfast, no strangers being present ; yet Sir William Harley insisted upon making a speech laden with quotations, during which he told them that domestic happi ness was the only bliaa of Paradise that has survived the fall. The rector replied in a few quiet words. This marriage went against the gcaia of this kindly man somehow more and more. He knew that money was a great thing, and that he was a heavily-burdened man with little -or nothing to leave behind him when his summons came. But still he could hot reconcile himself to the idea of his handsome girl being the wife of Sir William Harley, now when he had seen Sir William. But they were married, and what i3 done cannot be undone, thought the rector, -as he rose to reply to the speech of his new son- in-law. But his words were words of Boberness. He made no allusions to domestic bliss, nor indulged in any flowery descriptions of wedded happiness. He said his daughter had been a good daughter — ' a dear good daughter always' — and he prayed she would be a good wife. Sir William thought he should have said a good deal more than he did, and might have spoken of his son nvlaw in more complimentary fashion. But in truth the rector's heart was sore within him. A haunting fear pursued him on his daughter's wedding day, which he could not dismiss. At length it was all over. The bride, in her dark-green velvet and sables, and the bridegroom in his thick fur lined coat and with his travelling cap tied over his «ars, found themselves alone in a saloon carriage on their journey to Dover. The rain was stall driving before the gusts of east wind, and the day was no doubt de pressing ; but Sir William had fortified himself before he started with a brandy and soda, and perhaps this helped Mm to take a more cheerful view of things in general than the bride did ; who shivered and wrapped her far cloak closer round her as they proceeded on their way. . ' Are you cold, my dear Lucy ?' asked the bridegroom. ' A little,' answered the white-lipped bride. ' It is miserable weather certainly — well, Lucy, we have both taken a momentous step to-day, have we not ?' . *' Yes,' answered Lucy- smiling feebly. 'But a step, my love, which. I hope win add to the happiness and dignity of your life. \ou must remember now, my -dear girl, that you have a position to fill — many eyes, Lucy, will bB fixed upon my wife — and I wish you to do me credit ; to sustain my came before tiie world in a becoming manner.' 'Well, I can only do my best, you know.' 'I dare say I shall be quite satisfied with that best, Whenever you are in any dilemma on any social subject come to me. My advice naturally will be of great assistance to you, and I shall be happy to direct you even in small things. Your father seems a very worthy man, Lucy — quite the country parson type, :eh?' ' He is a good kind man.' ' So I should think ; you must not think I am reflecting on him, you stupid . little girl j' and Sir William patted his young wife's round white chin. ' Nothing -of the sort. I assure you ; no, I was very well pleased with Mr. King on the whole, and by-the-bye, I must see if I cannot procure him a better living than this 'Northumbrian one, as the stipend is only small, J suppose?' ' It is not very large, certainly.' . 'I conclude not. Talking o£ North umberland reminds me of a queer story -my- son Fred told. me last night. What do you think of Fred, eh Lucy 2' '1 think I shall like Ti-m very much — but what is his queer story about ?' ? tc A \\-rmt: a. ynnng fpllnnr ha wan at r»rVHnm» _ with. Do you know a family called Monsters 1 They live somewhere on the coast; I believer Lucy gave a slight start, and she hastily pot her hand to her throat and unfastened the silver clasp of her cloak, which sud denly felt as if it were grown too tight. ' I know them,' she said in a strange voice. - . 'Ah ! then I suppose you know that one of them, I forget the name, Fred's friend jafc all events, was believed to be lost at sea hi a little yacht, of which he was the owner, and that he has turned up again ?' 'Turned op again?' repeated the bride, with such blanched lips and cheeks that the bridegroom, who waB looking at 5ier, began to be afraid that Lucy might soon lose hex complexion. ' Yes, it's an extraordinary story,' he said ; ' some two months ago this little yacht was seen to founder at sea, and all ; hands were naturally supposed to be lost. But yesterday Fred had a letter, absolutely a letter, from the supposed dead man. This Ministers— Jack Munsters I think Fred called him — had, it seems, been picked up in an insensible condition by an outward-bound ship, and the crew of this ship, of course, did not know who he was, as he had sustained some injury on the head and was unconscious. However, they put into Lisbon, and left him in a hospital there, and after a struggle be tween life and death, the young fellow has rallied, and remembers everything up to the time of the wreck of hla yacht. The rest la a blank to him ; however, he has written to Fred to tell him he is still one of the denizens of the world, and Fred is very much delighted, and was telling me all about it. It's a strange tale, isn't It?' ' Very,' answered the bride In a husky voice, still nervously clutching the cover ings of her throat. 'Lucy, how hoarse you are! lam afraid you have caught cold.' ' No, I want air— air !' And she rose, staggering to her feet, and tried to open the window nearest to her. 'Air! On a day like this? What folly, my dear. I really cannot stand the draught from an open window. Why, Lucy, how white you are ! Good heavens ! what is the matter — are you ill ?' But the bride made no answer ; she had fainted in the bridegroom's arms. (To be continued.) 