MISCELLANEOUS. The English footballers have beaten the BeBdigo and Kyneton players. Last week's run at the Broken Hill Mine yielded 84,118 oz. of siver. A man recently died in New South Wales at the age of 106. Last week the escort took away from Gympie 8,777 oz. of gold. Mr. J. Hosking, Inspector of Schools, died in Adelaide on Sunday last. Alluvial gold has been found near Wad gins, West Australia. One man is said to have obtained £,20 worth in a week. An entertainment was recently given at Port Wakefield ia aid of the Star of Greece fund. The net proceeds amounted to £11. Hammerling, the farmer of Greenock who sustained severe injuries through a boiler explosion, has died. The New York Assembly has passed a Bill imposing a tnx on foreign corporations doing business in New York State. A burglar attempted to rob a Queensland bank the other day. A bank clerk fired at &ud; wounded toe robber, who escaped. An entertainment was recently nunounced to take place at Terowie in aid of the local Institute, but as there was an audience of three only the money was returned. The SJegister understands that an investi gation is shortly to be held at the church office into certain charges against the lUv. J. M. Donaldson, of Kapunda. The New Alma ami Victoria Gold Mine at Waukaringa bids fair to become a dividend-paying concern. It is at present yielding at the rate of nearly an oz. to the ton. A native journal announces that the Japanese Government has decided to spend fifty milling yen— about £8,« 00,000— on the construe'ioM, daring the next five years, of 15 ship* of war and 30 torpedo-boats. The largest sailing ve6sel in the world is the ft'ur-masted ship Palgrave, of Port Glasgow. She carries a cargo of over 6,700 tons, and her masts, which are of eteel, are within a few inches of being 300 feet hiph. It seems a funny blunder that while the working men and Parliament make a cru gade against the Chinamen, the French and German steamers t&ke; away a good part of the exports, and the French vessels are nearly all manned by Asiatics. — Lantern. More attention should be paid to bodily health than to mental growth ; the tree of knowledge should be grafted with the tree of life. Whoever sacrifices health to wis dom has generally sacrificed wisdom, too.— Jean Paul ffichter. A suspension bridge with a span of 950 feet — or more than half a mile — is pro posed over the Hudson River to New Jersey. Owing to the great span, the cables will have to be 4 feet in diameter and the towers 500 feet high. The express train running from Adelaide to Melbourne met with an accident last week. The train ran on to a blind siding, and, although considerable damage was done to the rolling stock, the passengers escaped unhurt. This colony shows the following exports during the past six months of the present year: — Bark, £30,618; eggs, £18,053; fresh fruit, £14,144; hay and chaff, £23,003; jam and preserves, £11,281; leather, £15,167; soap, £4,694; wine, £16,879; gold, £9,573. A British paper says:— 'The washer woman's occupation is in danger. Some water, a hit of soap, and a few drops of paraffin, and the clothes * well boiled,3 and the thing is over. No toilsome scrubbing or rubbing, and yet the washing will be a splendid success.' The match between the Australian Eleven and Cambridge, Past and Present, had to be abandoned on account of the wet wea ther. The colonials made 319 runs in their first innings, whilst their opponents scored 137 in their first attempt and 22 for no wickets in their second innings, when the game was etopped. On the Kensington Oval on Saturday last the Norwood footballers beat the Ports by 11 goals 21 behinds to 3 goals 6 behinde. On the Adelaide Oval the Adelaides secured 10 goals 18 behinds against the Medindies' 4 behinde. The North Adelaides beat the Gawlers at the ' modern AthenB,' and the Mount Barkers got defeated on their own ground by the South Adelaides. A gentleman living not very far from Gladstone (relates the local paper) met a seafaring man a few days ago, and noticing that he looked very much annoyed at some thing asked him what was wrong. The reply was, ' Darn my rage. I never had a stroke of lack yet. I've been shipwrecked eight times, and now to think, if I'd only been on the Star of Greece, what a haul I'd have made out of that subecription-list.' At Heanor, Derbyshire, England, a young man named Henry Housely was bound over to keep the peace for sending the following letter to a female captain in the Salvation Army named Eliza Elliott : — ** Dear Cap tain — I just write to aek you a favor. I want to know if you will marry me, as I have taken a fancy to you. If you don't agree with my favor it will be the worse for you. If you say no I mean to do for you, so you can order your coffin at once. 1 know I shall have to be hanged for it, but I don't want to go to hell by myself; I want you to go with me. Prepare to meet your God. From your comrade, Harry Housely.' Some extraordinary stories are told in the English papers about the fabulous wealth Df the Welsh gold mineB. For instance the Leeds Mercury says: — 'Messrs. Johnson and Matthey, of London, assayers to the Bank of England, have made the following statement with reference to the last specimen of ore from the Dolgelly mines assessed by them : — * The specimen of gold bearing quartz weighed 2§ cwt., and yielded 172 oz. of gold, or an average of 1,376 oz. per ton of ore.' ' This is far and away the richest quartz yet found — if the figures are correct, and of that the public should be vet; sceptical. A fatal encounter took place lately in a field near Dufftown between two cows, a shorthorn and a ' doddy,' and the result was that the hornless combatant emerged from the fight an uncompromising victor. One of these was observed to give the other a punch in the ribs, when they immediately took up a position like knights of old before tilting, and then, rushing at each other, the polled cow laid the other dead at its feet. After this (6ays a contemporary) it can hardly be maintained that dehorning would render cattle less dangerous eo far as en counters of this kind are concerned. In such battles horns opposed to skull are com paratively harmless, but they might perhaps lessen the force of the blow. A ghastly crime has just been com- mitted at Mehoudin, in the Department of the Ornc. A man named Duhail, 80 years of age, had gone to pray at the grave of his wife. As he was kneeling by the tomb he was suddenly assailed with terrible blows from a truncheon, which broke his shoul- ders and smashed in five of his ribs. It was his son Louis, with whom he was living, who had thus murderously assaulted him. " Alas ! alas !" cried the poor old man in his anguish. '"There is no alas ! I must kill you!" replied the inhuman son. At last some of the villagers who were passing the churchyard interposed, and bore the father to his dwelling, where he expired a few hours afterwards. At Pesth lately a play was put on that in its acting was to be a triumph of realism. The piece was called ' The Strike,' and the great scene that was to bring down the house obtained unequivocal and unexpected success. It was the interior of a factory. Hands were busy at work. Suddenly there was a cry of fire, and the workroom was in a blaze. The factory gitls hurried about in hopeless confusion, and firemen rushed in to rescue them. Such a piece of stage management was too much for the simple Hungarians. The panic spread to the audience, and the exits were blocked. The manager, the stage carpenter, and the head of the police had to come forward and ex plain. The gasmen turned off the fire, and the play ended peaceably. Among the incidents of a recent storm in Boston, the Electric Review relates how the entanglement of a horse attached to one of L. G. Burnham'e coal-delivery teams was caused by the wires. It was in the evening. The horses got entangled; and the wires threw him down. Some of the snarl of wires proved to be those of electric lights. The kicking and the struggles of the horse brought the wires in contact; and, in the words of the teamster, ' Every time he kicked it would lighten ; and every time it lightened he would kick ! I thought to my self, ' He is bewitched with lightning.* I tried to unbutton him ; and every time I un buttoned one place lie was struck with lightning in another.' The poor horee was finally released from his peril by somebody who understood the cause of the trouble. The Wellington correspondent of the Mount Barker paper writes on July 24: — The report of the Land Commission has not stopped the exodus to Victoria. Two waggons with stronp teams of horses, ac companied by a number of stalwart men, ate camped at East Wellington this even ing. One man has obtained, and the others intend to select, land in the Wimmera dis trict. They left the neighborhood of Laura, and openly state they are glad that Mr. Venning's defeat is certain. This they say has been in a great measure brought about by the rapidly-growing unpopularity of the Farmers9 Association. Many of the branches are closed, and others are rapidly approaching their final dissolution. Their selfishness was too apparent and their general views too narrow to attract either the enthusiasm or sympathy of the general public. A watch dial now being made in America contains, instead of the usual numerals, 12 email but distinct silhouette figures representing a woman with a very young child in her arms. At 1 o'clock the lady and her little baby are clearly de picted, the infant being in long clothes. At 2 o'clock the same figures appear, but the child is a little larger. At 3 o'clock mamma is still there, but the infant is in short clothes. At 4 o'clock and so on up to S o'clock, when he goes to school for the first time. At 9 o'clock he may be seen with his college gown and mortar board, and the happy smile of the now elderly but happy mother. At 10 o'clock the death bed scene, where he parts with his beloved mother. At 11 o'clock he is a middle-aged man, over whom the snows of many winters have passed. At 12 o'clock an old and decrepit specimen of humanity praying for a better kind. A gross case of injustice is reported by the Register. Some months ago an officious policeman in Adelaide arrested a man for tbe crime of having a rug in his possession, and not being sober enough to remember where he bought it. Instead of giving the prisoner the benefit of the doubt, the bench actually ordered him to be imprisoned for three months. Of course, he was sober enough by the time he had served his sen tence, and on coming out of the stone jug he went to the tradesman who sold him the rug, and by his aid proved that he was inno cent of the charge for which he had suffered. Officious policemen should be sent to Coventry, and magistrates who convict without evidence to — Siberia, or somewhere else where they are powerless to take inno cen t men's liberty away. Perhaps we ought to say the man's character was ' familiar to the police,' but we cannot see that that fact lessens the gross injustice that has been done him. The question sb to whether raisins are sus taining to cyclists on long rides is one which we (Bicycling News) heard two young medical students discussing the other day. From what these gentlemen eaid we think there can be do doubt that raisins are good things to carry with one on a long ride. But it must not be forgotten they induce thirst. On an all-night ride some time ego, towards 2 o'clock in the morning, when it was impossible to get any refreshment we found ourselves very dry. Somewhat foolishly we munched a bar of chocolate, which made us worse than we were before. When the sun rose two hours later we were very faint and glad to get to a coffee stall, where, with some British workmen, we made a good breakfast. And how we drank! Milk, eodawater, tea, and coffee were consumed one after the other without any of the ill effects one might expect. It is a good thing to chew a raisin or two after or between races. Mr. Fred Maccabe tells a good story of a Scotsman whom he met in Sydney. There was a deal of English cholera in the town at the time of Maccabe'a visit, and the famous ventriloquist complained to Sandy that he was a victim to the disorder. ' Oh,' said the Scotsman, who was an inn keeper, and one of the best fellows in all Sydney (which is saying a great deal), ' just come doon to the hotel in the mornin' and taste a drap o' the whusky, and ye'd be a' richt.' Maccabe went and tasted, but was no better. ' What do you think is the cause of the outbreak?' he asked after wards; 'do you think it's the water?' 'The what?' cried boniface,as if the word was new to him. ' The water,' repeated Maccabe, quailing a little at his vehemence. But the Scotsman's quiet and dry humor returned to him the next moment, and he said, with only the least shade of disgust in his voice, ' I can't say ; I never tasted it.' The Adelaide correspondent of the Kapunda paper writes: — Crooks, the ex manager or tne aeaa uommerciai cant ot South Australia, who is still living at the Stockade, was at the Insolvency Court on Tuesday, when a second-class certificate was granted to him. He looked remarkably well — fat and jolly; better than he had ever looked before, I suppose, since his childhood. There is a general impression that somebody holds several thousands of pounds' worth of Broken Hill shares for his benefit, and that when he comes out of gaol all he will need to do will be to spend the money which this valimMe property will bring. It seems t hat Crooks has heard of this impression, for !»e paid to a friend in the court on Tup.5-^'. — ' i. hear there is a talk of my having » imnp of money waiting for me in Broken Hill shares when I come out of gaol. I tell you, sir, that when I come out I shall not have a single penny.' Even a Quaker (-ays the Paris correspon dent of a Melbourne paper) has not any be lief in the maintenance of peace. While the late Kaisers lived one had a robust con fidence that the expected collision would be kept back. Now all that confidence has vanished like a ghost at cock-crow. Utilise what time is left for breathing in the most vigorous preparations for war ; not prepara tions for defence, that doctrine has been dis carded for the newer one — to be able to de fend at home while attacking abroad. A nation that cannot keep up to this standard must not go under. The young Emperor has never disguised bis desire to flesh his maiden sword ; he is ambitious for the pride, pomp, and circumstance of war. He He ie the champion of the German Jingoes, who look upon fighting as the natural duty of man, whether baiting Jews, blowing up African niggers, or rushing at the throats of European neighbors. He is the representa tive of the Chauvinism which 'fears nothing — only God.' Hard as appeared the case of detention by the Broken Hill police of the Elmore murder suspect a week ago, it seems (says a Broken Bill paper) that the local con- stabulary are no worse than their Victorian confreres. In the " cabbage garden" the murder and the Centennial Exhibition are engrossing the attention of almost the whole population. The interest caused by the former, though not now as great as it was three weeks ago, is occasionally excited to the pitch of sensation by the almost weekly arrest of a one-arm man, believed to be identical with him, who was seen minus an arm with the deceased the day before the murdered man was discovered. How doubly unfortunate is a one armster in Victoria at present — first to be deprived of a limb, and then considered to be like a murderer ! In fact, to judge by a Ballarat paper, the one-arm fraternity are afraid to veture out. They hide themselves in cellars and other places of concealment in order to escape the minions of the law ; for in fair Victoria nearly every one-arm man in that colony has been " nabbed" and subsequently allowed to go, as he "was not the man." Mr. Andrew McKye, miner, has handed the Silver Age the subjoined extract from an Edinburgh paper, which, from his expe rience, is wholly misleading : — ' Under date North Adelaide, April 16, a correspon dent writes to the Scotsman: — Miners' prospects in South Australia are at present most encouraging, through the extraordi nary developments of mineral wealth the last 12 months at Silverton and Broken Hill, within 335 miles north-east by railway from Adelaide. The riches of the Proprie tary Company seem marvellous. The quan tities of silver and lead turned out have enabled the company to declare large divi dends from ite commencement, and led other companies to prove the adjoining country. The great want is experienced miners, who could get £3 a week for 48 hours, providing themselves with tents and provisions. Living in tents is not attended by much hardship. The rainfall being so light makes the want of good water the most pressing question for miners ; but for those miners who object to silver- and lead mining there is a fine field at the copper mines at Moonta and Wallaroo, only 100 miles by rail from Adelaide, and where comfortable houses are to be had, and plenty of water.' In a postscript the correspon dent says two or three thousand practical miners would readily find employment at the mines in question. This is how O'Kane, editor of the Northern Miner, chastises some of the people who, have been 'running the rule over' him lately : — ' We are bothered with persons coming without the money for Bmall advertisements. If we trust them they go off. and never turn up again. If they promise to come along with the money next day, they are sure to forget it. There was Doughey, the baker, who promised to leave 4s 6d, the price of three ' Wanteds,' in our letter-box next morning, and to show us how easily he could do it he said he passed every morning in his bread-cart. Well, he has not turned up yet, and he would be highly indignant, and threaten to stop his paper and advertisements, if we sent the collector after him. We draw the line now at cash — whether he is a baker or a broker, a parson or a waiter, will make no difference. If the cash ie not forthcoming the advertise ment will be booked 4s, if the advertiser looks honest and solid; if not, we shall 'take no stock' in his looke, and put our trust in tbe filthy lucre alone.' A pretty actress once waited on Theodore Barrere, and bitterly complained of being jilted by her lover. Barrere did all he could to calm her feelings, and even accompanied her to her carriage. But she was deaf to hie persuasive eloquence, and exclaimed,' 'No, no, I must jump into the water!' « Very good, then 1 shall see you again at the morgue. Coachman, drive this lady straight to the river !' The actress burst out laughing and drove home. And yet Barrere himself once contemplated suicide. He had loaded a pistol and sent for a friend to impart to him his last wishes. The friend came and made not the slightest attempt to turn B. from his purpose, but sat down and coolly wrote out his instructions. Now, while Barrere was writing a last farewell epistle, his friend carelessly took up the pistol, which was at full cock, examined it, and pointed it at the writer. The latter at once slipped under the table with marvellous agility, and shouted : ' Man, do be careful ! The thing is loaded !' The extreme oddity of the situation provoked irresistible mirth, which cured Barrere of his morbid tendency. Dr. Redard, of Paris, has been making some observations regarding animal grafts on wounds in human beings. In a case of severe burn of the scalp, of eight months' standing, in a child two years of age, he obtained a rapid cicatrisation by means of grafts from a fowl. He first tried grafts of frogs' skin. But ns these proved to be re pulsive to patients, and did not give very good results, he substituted others from the fowl ; and the wound, which measured 3 in. by 2J in., had completely healed in two months. He has been equally successful in other and subsequent cases. He takes the skin from beueaLli the win? of a chicken. carefully securing the subjacent cellular tissue, but avoiding fatty tisBue. The trans planted pieces varied from a sixth to a third of an inch in size ; and they were maintained in position by means of a little cotton wool and iodoforni gauze. The skin of birds and fowls has the advantage of beiug supple, delicate, and well-nourished. It adapts itself readily to tbe surface of the wound, and adheres without undergoing absorption. The Brisbane police magistrate strongly condemns the practice among shopkeepers of hanging their wares outside the shop. A woman was brought before him charged with stealing a pair of trousers. - After the draper had finished his examinationin chief, Mr. Piunock asked him : ' Now, Mi. Bell, how much do you make by keeping clothes hanging outside your shop ?' ' I don't know,' answered the draper. 'Do vou make anvthins ?' ' Yes. vour worship.' Then the P.M. began: 'For the sake of making a few dollars you put the Government to the expense of keeping this woman in gaol. It's not honest. After defendant had pleaded guilty and been sentenced to two months' imprisonment, his worship resumed his lecture, and said, ' It was only the other day that a gentleman of high shanding aeked me why I did not dismiss all these cases. Of course I can't do that ; there's the law to be observed ; but I do think it a most shameful thing.' — Leader. 'Barty' McCarthy, the Mayor of Thebarton has (remarks a correspondent of the Sentinel) a fondness for litigation. Some eay that Bartholomew would argue with the 12 apostles if the? came down from tbe celestial kingdom to reason with him. But they could not convince him if he firmly made up his mind that he was right. He has given the Councillors of Thebarton a heap of trouble, but he remains imperturbable amidst all this wreck of matter and crush of worlds. The whole Gouncil are against him to a man ; they have conspired to drive him from the chair ; but Bartholomew Joseph McCarthy sits unmoved. He is not to be cajoled by flattery, or intimidated by threats. I don't know, and for that matter don't care to discover, the origin of the quarrel, but I know ' Barty' ia accused of being too officious — a fault with most men when robed in a little brief authority. Anyhow, the tail of his coat is etill down, and he still wants some one to tread on it. He is not the sort of man to shirk a row, and the Corporation of Thebarton is for the first time in its existence an interesting public body. 