A SUPERSTITIOUS OLD MAX. ; “ 01(1 Pete Dempsey,” as lie is familiarly called, is a queer-looking old man 'with a frost-biLten expression of countenance, who enjoys considerable1 popularity in Austin, Texas, on account of iiis skill in predicting bad,weather and t doctoring horses. Same Handle is a comparativeslranger in Austin, being a new arrival, who is ‘sceptical aCqut religious matters.! andfis noted for the 'insulting candour1 with which lie expresses his opinions. These two, with several others, were seatcdimtheishiide in/front ofr a livery: i stable discussing such matters of national importance as the dusty condition of tlni, Austin boulevards, how'the negroes were going jto ,yote next election,.etc, etc. ■ Finally” tlie conversation drifted to Bob Ingcrsoll, spiritualism, and kindred ; topics. “Some folks, ” says old Pete, “be lieves in omens coinin’ true, and when 1 think of the many miraculous things I’ve' seen I don’t wonder they believes in’em.” The stranger smiled scornfully and observed, Jthat there,-yas one coincidence., about dmi§iif ifviuchska'syeb’ remarkable:; l Uncle Pete asked what particular coincidence that \\\ as. . “ W lien 1 heariaihugly oldniam with a*' wart on his chin say that lie _ believes in ghosts and the. like, it is alwaj-s'a remark-1 able, coincidence tliat it ain’t long before he lands iu: the lunatic asylum:11 l.ifilieviii’ in omens is a sure sign that softening of the brain hisi'doiie'sot i.iii 11 ■ : i As the stranger looked straight at old Pete, and as the latter had a wart about as big ns a thimble on .his chin, the,, remark savored df!pcrsoiialify/' ‘However,1 ‘ ■old Pete did not resent it. He was as quiet as a bowl of clabber. 1 “ Well, ’’said the old man, “ I don't ; suppose one omen amounts to much,' but ] .when there is a, eoncaternation , of. two. omens—I mean ’ when due c’diues at'1 peryphellion with another, as we astron omers say ; that is, one omen charges a man in front and simultaneous like, a secondomen chargeshim at the rear—then he is a gone coon.” What sort of drivel _is»(thai,| any,; how!” asked the stranger, with a sneer.;) ? : .i-U . .... j \ W;all,-j I]llj, give yen •< an. instance. About twenty years ago there1 was a mall named Smackers stopping’ .with!trie! He was as healthy a man as you ever see; he was eating his breakfast' one Friday morning ; lie happened to knock over the salt cellar. That’s two omens in pervliellion. They coucaternate, you' sell, and before night that mar was dead.” ;Tlie listeners had become interested. { “ Drop dead of heart disease?” asked 0IiCi I • ;i.. I \l 1!. > -yj i.'/ i'ji ,i! t ;“ What killcdhim, then ?” “ The omens was the cause of it, hut ho fell off a scaffold and broken His neck.’ !“ Couldn’t that liave happened on any other day ?” ' “ Ho ; that was the day set by the Judge.”" :/>." '' !“ What judge ?” ;; : . You see the unfortunate fellow was under sentence of death . when he : knocked over the salt ; he was eating liis: last breakfast. I was the/ sheriff, aml .itlie day before I saw a rabbit .run across the road and, knew-—” J’J ! 1“ You are a fraud,” said the stranger,: ..jumping to his feet. 1 In less than five, minutes , old . Pete, had mauled that :strring£r so tliat/hjs o'wn mother might have passed him on tl a | street in the broad glare of the nooday sun and not recognised him. ,1 “Yes,” observed old Pete, calmly, -as they removed the injured man to the nearest drug store, “I was afeared some thin’ unpleasant was goin’ to happeii, for last night I dreamt about snakes, and that always means trouble.” 