Parramatta Borough Council. THE usual fortnightly meeting of the Council was held at the Council Chambers on Tuesday last. There were present: The Mayor (Mr. C. J- Byrnes) in the chair, Aids. Brodie, Jos. Kcoth, Bennies, Cox, Drew, Dixon, Dellow, Moxbtun, Taylor, Tiernen. The minutes of the last meeting were read and coufirmed. MAYOR'S REPOBT. The MAYOB reported the receipt of a report from the Oveiseer of Works, stating that of the 9,000 yards of blue metal required 6,000 was beinir supplied by contract; but the quantities were not coming in quickly enough, and suggesting that tenders be called for the remainini; 3,000 ya"ds. The Improvement Commit'ee would now, the Mayor hoped, take the letter in hand and call for tenders for 3,000 yards of. bine metal. BBPOKTS. The Improvement Committee's report, dated 2K:h Marcb, was read as follows:— Town Hall, Parramatta, 28th March, 1888. The Improvement Committee bare the honour to inform the Council they have again taken in'o consideration the question of this Council purchasing desiccating machines for the treatment of nightsoil, eto„ collected within the Borough of Parramatta, and would again report having up to the present period received three plans ana a considerable amount of information relative to machines whiob, in the opinion of your Committee, are capable of executing the work. - The -names of those received are — lBt, The Fanner Patent Desiccating Machine, to be seen at work at the Meat Preserving Co's. Works, Auburn;'2nd, M'Govern's and Shepherd's machine, to be -seen at werk at the Abattoirs, Glebe Island;, and 3rd, that of Burt's Patent Desiccating. Machine; and would state that whilst believing the desiccating machine patented by the two last named gentlemen are capable to a certain extent of executing the work required of them, that - of Fanner and Sons* of Manchester, is superior both as to its execution of work, cleanliness, and all particulars in connection with its desiccating capabilities. To particularise the whole of tbe information collected by your Committee relative to the merits and successful working of Farmer's patent machines in different large centres of population ID England andelsewhere would be too volamlnDUB.to beinseried upon the present occasion. Gut to assist tbe Conncil in arriving at a full appreciation of. the meritB of the machine now submitted, wjs would herewith append a pamphlet written by Farmer and Sons upon the subject of Scientific treatment of town refuse, and a photograph of a model of the plant used for the treatment of same. Vour Committee^ being fully convinced of the working capabilities of the Farmer patent desiccating machine, as well as being of opinion that that the ("$! machines, if proonrea, wQl Bsrist the -Council materially in its efforts in looking after tb- mnaiory arrangements of die borough, haveno hwtatien inrecommending the same to die fav<iur«t>i» consideration of the Council, and wonld, thfretore, recommend that the Mayor, by the adoption of this report, be hereby authorised to take immediate steps to procure two of Former and Sons* Patent Desiccating Machines, of five tonB each, at a probable cost of £2,600, the same to be used in the treatment of nightsoil and other yard refuse. (2). Tour committee also took into consideration the application made by Messrs. Murray Bros., relative to the erection of a crane on the Queen's Wharf, Borough of Parramatta, and would report that, in the opinion of this committee, there is not at the present time sufficient revenue derivable by the trade done at the said wharf, to justify them in taking any steps that would be likely to cause the Council to commit itself to an expenditure necessary to carry out the work; therefore, of n< must decline to recommend the cane to erected. (3.) Your cnui'nittee also took into consideration tenders for ballasting portions of Harris and Wentworth (»ic) as per report of works for 1887-8 as follows:— (let.) One from Peters Bros., offering to carry out the work according to specification at the following rates:—Harrisstreet £15 16s per chain; Wentworth. street, £11 6s per chain. (2nd.) George Firbank—Harris- street, £9 6B per chain; Wentworth-street, £8 10s per chain. (3rd.) Teddyman Bros.—Harris-street, £10 per chain; Wentworth-street, £6 per chain. (4th.) Peter Flood—Harris-street, £10 16s per chain ; Wentworth-street, £9 4s pet chain. And it had been decided to accept the tender of George Firbank for the work at the above rates. (4.) Your committee have also deoided that the works in connection with the drainage of Charles-street, from Macquarie-street to the Biver (as per report for the expenditure of the £15,000 loan), shall be done by contract, and that tenders will be invited as soon as the specification for the work can be got ready. Chairman. Aid. BBAICBS ssked leave to amend the report in certain particulars. [The alteration recommended the acceptance o( the tender of Furbank instead of that of Teddiman for wotk in Harris Park streets, and the purohaseof dedicating maohines costing £2,600 each instead of those at £2,400 each.]—Aid. TAYLOB suggested that the report be referred back for amendment and brought up for receipt at next meeting, when it could also be adopted on the suspension of standing orders.—The report was received as amended. Tbe Improvement Committee's report, dated 7th March, was brought up for adoption as follows:— "(Clause I). Letter from F. Macintosh, of the 22nd day of February, 1868, offering to lay down street crossings with four inches of blue atone concrete and one inch of buffalo asphalt for the sum of 12s. 6d. per superficial yard, provided he receives from the Council an order for a quantity of not less than 600 yards. Yonr committee, in dealing with the offer.of Mr. F. Macintosh to lay down street crossings at 12s 6d per superficial yard, believe the prioe quoted by that gentleman for tbe work to be excessive, therefore cannot recommend his offer to be entertained. '• (Clause 2). Your committee would also report having called for tenders for painting and repairing the Council Clerk's residence, and that the following tendera were received, optned and examined, viz.:—One from David Mills offering to do the work for the sum of £37 10s ; one from William Walters, offering to do the work for £35; one from John Nicholson, offering to do the work for the sum of £34 18s 6d; and that your committee had risolved to accept the tender of Mr. John Nicholson for the sum of £34 18s 6d, the work to be strictly carried out in accordance with a specification prepared for that purpose. " (Clause 3). Your committee would further report having agreed to carry out the work of ballasting Harris and Wentworth-streets, standing on tbe committee's report of works for 1887-8, by contracts, and with that object in view have caused advertisements to appear in the local newspapers for tenders to be sent in at an early date so that the work may be carried out as speedily as possible. " (Clause 4). In conclusion, your committee should state that a sample night-soil bucket is now being made in order that tenderB may be invited for the number required, as per sample for present use." On the motion of Aid. BEAIIBS, seconded by Aid. DHBW, the report was adopted. OORBE-PONDENCE. ' From Department of Lands, in reply, stating that permission had been given for the Conncil to use lots 16, 17, and 18, sec. 32, of town of Parramatta, for storage purposes.—Received. From Mr. B. A. Ritchie, as follows;— To TBB MAYOB AND ALDBRHBN OF THE BOBOCQH.OF .PAHBAKATTA. GENTLEMEN,—I" am in receipt of your Council Clerk's letter of the 22nd iust. conveying to me the information that the Improvement Committee's report—recommending that my claim for £3 3s be not paid—was adopted, hence my claim for that sum could not be acknowledged; but giving me no further reason why or how your Committee and Council have arrived at that conclusion. I am therefore , dependent upon the Press for information, j Under those circumstances I most respectfully, j yet emphatically, protect against the manifest ! injustice hia Worship the Mayor has done to ' my case by not causing my letter of the 16th iuBt. to be read to the aldermen before the adoption of the report of Improvement Committee who, with Mr. Wickham, Council Clerk, are a party to the. disjate, and who coaid not, in consequence, be expected to give an unbiassed opinion. One other matter I wish to explain : Aid Beames expressed surprise that tbe account should have increased from £2 2s up to £3 3s. Mr. .Wickham could and ought to have ex- plained that .£2 2B was the account that was rendered for the main plan only, and for which he tendered his private cheque, and the additional guinea was the cost of detail draicingi which were made' and forwarded to your Counoil Clerk long after the first named account was rendered, With this explanation, I have the honour, ts be, Gentlemen, Tour Obedient Servant. [A copy of the above letter has been supplied to ns at our request by Mr. Ritchie, as onr reporter, when he went on three occasions to the Council Chambers.to copy it, .was informed that" it could not be found." IS this an intentional "loss," or an instance of the carelessness with which public documents are kept P En. C.M.] —The MAYOB said the letter was a gross insult to the Council—Aid. BOOTH thought the letter should be .re d, as tbe Council should treat every one with oonrtesy* It would be as well if the whole of the correspondence between the Council Clerk and Mr. Ritchie on the subject of plans for bucket van were tabled Thi MAYOB: It is an insalt from Mr. Ritchie to tell the Council how to do its work.—On the motion that the letter be received there was some doubt as to the numbers .voting, and Aid. Taylor said he would count.—The MAYOB then said: 11 If you are chairman I will withdraw, —The letter was then read on a division of £ to 6 (the Mayor voting); though in the first instance the Mayor .declared the motion negatived. From Muir and Son, offering to supply ashes for asphalting.—Referred to Improvement Committee. From Council Clerk, applying for a fort' eight's leave.—Granted unanimously. From Council Clerk, Forbes (circular), asking co-operation in regard to having a clause in sorted in tbe Local Government Bill that municipal assessment be on the unimproved value of land.—Received. From Sir James Farmer, forwarding specifications, etc., in connection with his desmcating midlines.—Besd and referred to Improvement Committee. -MOTIONS. Aid. TAYI/JS moved,—" That the following resolutions NOB. 4 and 6 passed by this Council at its last meeting be rescinded and are hereby rescinded, viz., ' That that portion of the resolution moved in committee, together with that portion of the report of the committee of of the whole Council relative to this Council declining to accept any tenders for asphalting fcotpaths within this borough (passed 22nd February last) be and is hereby rescinded.' ' Thatjthe tender of Rogers and Eolb, offering to asphalt footpaths as per specification, vis., 9a per yard for asphalting, and 11 per yard for tar painting where required, be accepted.'" Aid. TAYLOB said that one reason why he had placed the motion of rescission on the business paper was that when the tenders for asphalting had been received they were considered in committee. There was a debate in regard to Rogers and Kolb's tender, which was the lowest, and, j in committee It was resolved, with only two dissentients, to recommend that no tendera be accented. Tbe Council then resumed, and unanimously adopted the report of tbe committee. Afterwards, in Council, the tender of Rogers and Eolb waa accepted, and this procedure wag unusual. It was a question whether it wss competent for the Counoil to curry out work which a committee had negatived, without going into committee again. The Council might even have carried a motion calling for fresh tenders; but be did not think it could accept Rogers and Kolb's tender in Council after the Council as a committee bad negatived its acceptance. He did not believe the .asphalting could be done at the ruinously low price tendered for by Rogers and Kolb. Moreover, they .were strangers, and the Mayor had said the £16,000 loan would be expended in the town. Aid. Beames had said the tender should be accepted because Mr. Love bad no time to do the work; but who in Heaven's name wonld supervise these Germans if Mr. Love did not f Furthermore, Rogers and Eolb had tried to obtain the asphalt from the Australian Gas Co.'s. Works at Mortlake. They had been told it was too coarse, but they said they would take it. They then asked for terms, and credit was refused them. In the matter of the asphalting he (Aid. Taylor) had been accused of hunting for political popularity. Well, if looking after the interests of the resident working men and striving to save women and children from want and starvation was popularity bunting, he certainly was looking out for popularity, and he would try to get it by that means. Tbe UAYOB : No one here is accusing you of popularity hunting. You must not raise up ghosts simply to.knock them down. No one had many any accuations. Aid. TAYLOB, continuing, said some of the aldermen had stated outside that he was trying to gain popularity. In Parramatta at present there were many men, sons of residents of 40 or 60 years' standing, who could not get work at their trades, and he had endeavoured to find employment for them under Government and elsewhere, but he could not find work for all of them. The MAYOB : Now, stop. That has nothing to do with the motion. Aid. TAYLOB: All right. I'll stop. It's all cut and dried, I know. (Here Aid. Taylor resumed his seat.) Aid. DBEW seoonded the motion. The MAYOB, in opposing tbe resolution, said be desired to be considered as muoh a friend of the working men as those who were in favour of the motion; but he would vote aocording to his conscience, though he might not be on the popular side. He felt he had originally made a mistake in voting for having the asphalting done by the Council, and he was prepared to acknowledge it. He failed to see why, if the Council could save 3d per yard in a large contract, they should altogether consider the unemployed. He was prepared to spend all the money of the loan in Parramatta ; but not at the expense of the ratepayers. Aid. Taylor had said the unemployed were the sons of people who had lived here 40 or 50 years. Were they to he considered before people who bad been 20 yesrs, or 12 years P Were the ratepayers to pay 3d or 4d per yard extra for tbe sake of 30 or 40 unemployed P No one sympathised with the unemployed more than he did. This was a land of vicissitudes—of individual wealth one day and poverty the next. He was quite willing to provide for tbe poor, but not at the expense ot the ratepayers. Mr. Taylor assumed that Rogers and Kolb's contract could not be carried out at the price. Rogers and Kolb knew their own business themselves, and though the priue might be ruinous to a small man, it would probably bring profit to a large man. Mr. Taylor had only recently called out about " ruinously low " prices; but he (the Mayor) thought that Aid. Taylor had always voted for the lowest tender for cartage. Aid. TAYLOB : Not always. The MAYOB : Aid. Taylor seemed to have a great antagonism to GermaiiB. Aid. TAYLOB : Ko; they are a very fine body of men, but they eat too muoh sauerkrout. The MAYOB: Aid. Taylor also forgot that our Gracious Queen was a German. Aid. Taylor bad eaid tbe tenderers had been refused credit at Mortlake 4or asphalt. But it was a very common occurrence for the Government or a Council to guarantee payment. If the acceptance of the tender would save the ratepayers 3d per yard he (the Mayor) would cer. tainly vote for the tender being accepted. Already the expenditure of the loan would employ many local men in the town, and there was no necessity to expend tbiB £2,000 locally with that object solely in view. Aid. TAYLOB: Oh, get the work done by Chinamen 1 The MAYOB : Not by Germans F Aid. TAYLOB : The Chinamen voted for you, but never for me. The MAYOR : Rogers and Eolb would do the work for 9d per yard. The l}d per yard for tar painting was to paint the old asphalting, and not for the new. He would be sorry to see the motion rescinded. Aid. Cox said they would get £500 worth more woik by accepting the under of Rogers and Eolb ilian i.y iloi. g it with Cuipoiation labour. Tin- Council coU'j not play fa«t and loosn with ihv tutt±p4yers' u>outv in urdur lo find employment for a tVw. As ti> tt'f lendeieis being Gejumui', U-'^- rs WHS an Irish or Englisn or S.-. ti li r ain- , and le Wng not sure that Eolb van- Gt ruiJii name. £!<• (Aid. Cox) had heard thai Am. 'l ay or "ad gone rouud to sever il citizen,, asking Lt.em to got up an indignation Uiecting— Aid. TAYLOB : It is not true! I had nothing to do with an indignation meeting. The requisition was handed to me to get up ;and give to the Mayor, and I tore it up. Aid. Cox: If there waa so much indignation, how was it the meeting had not been held f He honed the motion would not be carried, for it would impose an.injustice on the ratepayers. Aid. TIEKNAN, in supporting the motion,.^aid the tender was most misleading. It was apparently for 9d. per yard only; but the new work would have to be tar- painted, and hence, to all intents and purposes, the work would cost lOjd per yard. The Overseer of Works could do it for lid per yard, and, therefore, the work should be done locally. What was £d per yard in a few thousand pounds, as ^compared with finding work for the residents P As to the tar painting; if the OverBeer of Works recommended every 99 yards in a 100 for tar painting, it would be sanctioned by the Council. [Aid. TAYLOB: Hear, hear.] Aid. MOXHAH would oppose the resolution, as it would cost, 25 per cent, more to do the work locally than to accept Rogers and Kolb's tender. Tbe tender was for 9d per yard, not lOjd. If all the labonr was to be absorbed by the asphalters' work—only £2,000 of the £16,000 loan—tie labour required for the remainder of the loan, £13,400, would not be available, and the Council would have to import men. Aid. Jos. BOOTH opposed the resolution. He said it was not proved that Rogers and Kolb were Germans. Aid. TAYLOB : Yott can't find Rogers and Eolb! - Aid. Jos. BOOTH: The ratepayers were the large property holders, and they were in the majority; not the unemployed. Aid. BBODIE would support the resolution. The average of the eleven tenders was 1s 3d per yard. Bogeis and Eolb'swasSd (or lOJd); but they would never be able to carry ont the work. The asphalting could be well done locally, for Furbank, whose tender was for Is 3d, could do it. Aid. BEAUES opposed the resolution, and repeated his previous arguments used to vindicate his action in supporting the Mayor and Aid. U>z in regard to the tender. By the time ttys £15,000 was being expended the Council would have to import labour, or at least be able to find work for every man in the borough for 18 months, without taxing the ratepayers 3d in the £, as Aid. Taylor proposed. In regard to the Overseer's supervision, it was not the same as doing the work himself, and would not take up as mnch time. If Rogers and Kolb were not prepared to go on with the work, he would table a motion to call for fresh tenders. The opposition to the tender was most factious, and he would stand or foil by his vote in this matter. Some people tried to make out that Parramatta was poverty-stricken, bnt it was not so; Aid. DIXON would oppose the resolution, as he had always been in favour of work being done by contract. He was sorry for the unemployed ; but he would like to get all men bade to their own trades, and he did not care about seeing them working in tar when they were fit for better things. Aid. DELLOW would oppose the resolution as he would spend the ratepayers' money as if it were his own, and not pay £1 for 16s worth of work. Aid. TAYLOB, in reply, said the original resolution had been brought forward simply to undo what he (Aid. Taylor) had done. When other aldermen had been in the Council as long I as he (Aid. Taylor) had been, they would know what ear wigging was being done. Mr. Love had said the work cculd not be done (aocording to the specifications for the asphalting opposite the Baths) under Is or Is 3d per yard, and how could Sogers and Eolb do it for 9d per yard P It was impossible for them to do it. If the resolution was negatived, and Rogers and Eolb were sent for, they wonld not come forward. The asphalting opposite the markets had coBt Is 3d par yard, and it was not yet tar painted. As for the 1 jd per yard for tar painting, it meant swilling a little tar from buokets on to paths and charging for it. The Mayor, who was shrewd and sensible enough when he liked, had turned round on this matter simply to please Aid. Cox. If Rogers and Eolb began the work, and the Counoil paid Ijd per yard for tar painting be, (Aid Taylor) would take tbe matter to a higher tribunal, for tar punting waB not mentioned in the specifications authorised, or in the adrt. calling for tenders. As for the aldermen, they were mere nonentities in the hands of the Improvement Committee and the Mayor. Those who voted againBt the resolution sent £2,000 out of the town, whereas, it could be kept in the borough, and the work could be well done by Furbank under the supervision of the Overseer of Works. He (Aid. Taylor) was astonished at the aldermen who bad twiBted round, especially the young twister (Aid. Moxham). If the -Council would carry his (Aid. Taylor's) resolution, he would move to call for fresh tenders, and then they wonld see how different the tenders would be. Aid BEAUBS : It is not good enough P Aid. TAYLOB ; As to the working men, the aldermen had expressed sympathy with them ; bnt it was a funny way of putting it into praotice by robbing them of rateB to place the money in Rogers and Eolb's pookets. The MAYOB, in putting tbe resolution, said that nearly every tenderer had tendered for top-dresBing. It waa in the specification, and it was quite legal. The contractor would have to top-dress according to specifications, and not merely tar-paint. The resolution was negatived on the following division:—Noes: 7. The Mayor, Aids. Booth, Moxham, Eeames, Cox, Dixon, DeHow. Noes: 4. Aids. Taylor, Drew, Tiernan, Brodie. Aid. BEAMES moved,—"That in accordance with the Improvement Committee's report, adopted at last general meeting of Council, Mrs. C. S. Davidson be allowed to drain her property across George-strent into the river."—Aid. DBEW seconded the motion, which was carried. Aid. MOXHAM moved,—"That the Improvement Committee be respectfully requested to make provision in their annual report for the municipal year 1888-9 for the erection of a sh< d for the uue of tbe men in the quarry, and storeroom wherein to deposit tools, etc."—Aid. BBAMBS seconded the motion, winch was supported by Aid. TIEKNAN, and carried. The following resolution (standing in the name of Aid. Ferris lapsed owing to his absence :—" That tbe Mayor be requested to obtain plans and specificution for the erection of BhedB and crane on tbe town wharf, foot of George-street, the cost of such sheds and crane not to exceed two hundred pounds." The following motions, standing in the name of Aid. Taylor, were ruled out of order .-—"That on. account of the great want of employment by many of tbe residents of the town who are able and willing to work to obtain the common necessaries of life for their families, the amonnt of money voted by this Council (being a portion of tile £15,000 loan) to be expended in asphalting the footpaths in the Borough, be carried out by the unemployed residents of the town engaged by this Council by day labour under the supervision of Mr. Love, the Overseer of Works." ''That the Mayor be hereby authorised to call ior tenders for two cottages to bs erected on the Water Reserve (Hnnt's Creek), as per plans and specifications now submitted, by tbe Overseer of Works of this borough." Aid. Taylor withdrew the following motion : —"Thijtthe Mayor be respectfully requested to cause an applic»tinn to be made to the Government to cause the City of Sydney Improvement Act to be extended to the Borough of Parramalta." QUESTION. Aid. Cox asked the Mayor: " What quantity of ashes has this Council reoeived from the Government within the past month P And at what cost P" The MAYOB replied: 150 tons at 2s 6d per ton. The Council then rose. FBANK BBAKES, B. A. RITCHIE. 