An Impending Doom. CHAITER XXII.— (Continued.) "You precious old. stupid i As if I could Imto you; tf 1 tried I No, no, (curgc — >/ou may trust Sybilla. Tho wiltl-cal wilt shcatlio lior clawa iu triple folda of velvet for you." " Humph," enid Mr. Farmaloo, "hut tin claws wilt be still there However, 1 alu't a-going to quarrel with you about it 1 like a plucky woman, and I halo him. I'll moot my lady to-night, and you boo that my lady's husband Clods it out " "Until then." responded Sybilla, folding her mantle closer about hor, "remember tho hour— sharp oight — and don't keep her waiting. Before ho sleeps to-night, iho proudest ba ronet iu tho realm shall know why bis wifo deliberately deceived him to meet a etrango man by night and by stealth, in tuo park, whoro hor hus band had ordered him uover to sot foot again." Sho fluttered away in tho chill spring twilight with tbo last words, leaving Iter Jinncco gazing after her with an expression that was not alto gether unmixed with admiration. " I'm blessed if I over mot the like of you, Miss Silvor, in all my travels. You might bo own sister to Lucifer hiuiBolf for wickedness and rovongo- fulness. I'll find out what's at tho bottom of nil this cunlackerous spito before I uako you Mrs. 0. W. Par- malco, or I'll know tho reason why. It's all vory fluo to have a handsome wifo, with big black eves and plouty of spirit, but a fellow uoopu't want a wife that will bury tho carving-knifo iu him tlio (irst timo he contradicts hor." Sybillu was a good walker ; the last yellow lino of the watery .February sunset had hardly faded as sho tripped up tho long dnro under iho gaunt, tossing trees. Mr. Edwards still lounged iu elegant lcisuro in tho hall, conversing with ti gigantic young foot man, and Ids fishy eyes kindled for tho sceond time as Sybilla appeared, flushed and bright and sparkling, aftor her windy, twilight walk. "I have outstripped the storm, after nil, you see," she rotnnrkod.with a gay, little laugh, as she went by. " J don't belicvo wo shall Itavo it beforo midnight. Oh, Ciaudine, is my lady in her room ? I liavo beou on an errand for Iter down tho village." She hod eucouutorcd tho jaunty liltlu French girl ou the upper land ing, and paused to put iho question. " Yes, Ciaudine said. " Madaino s headache was oasier. Sho was read ing in her dressing-room." Sybilla tapped at tho dressing- room door, then turned tho h&udlo; and entered. It was an exnuisito littlo bijou of a chamber, with (luted walls ot roso-silk,' and delicious plump beauties, with bare shoulders and melting oyce, by Grouzc. Tho flickering btazo of tho (ire, and the ghostly twilight creopiug greyly in botweou tho rosy silkou curtains, left tho room in a fantastic mixture of light and shadow. Leaning back in an arm-chair, hor book lying aimlessly on hor lap, hor dark, dcoj) oyes looking straight bo- foto her into the ovcning gloaming, my lady sat alone. Tho melancholy wash of tho waves on tho shore, tho mournful sighing of tho ovcning wind among tbo groaning troes, tho monotonous ticking of a dainty buhl clock, and tho light fall of tho cindors sounded abnormally loud in tho dead ailonco of tlio apart ment. Lady Kingsland turned round at tho opening of tho door, and hor faco hardened into that flxedly cold, proud look it always woro at sight of hor busbaud's brilliant pro- lego. Iu her traiiiug black robes, Miss Silver stood beforo her, in tho mys terious half light, liko somo tall, dark ghost. " 1 hivvo beou to tho village, my lady," Sybilla said. " I havo soon Mr. Parmalcc. Ho will be ia tho Beech Walk precisely at eight." My lady bent hor head iu cold acknowledgement. Sybilla paused au instant, determined to make lier speak. " Can T bo of service to you in any way iu this matter, my lady?" sho asked. " I'on "—in proud surprtso. " Cer tainly not I wish to bo alono, Miss Silver. Bo good onough to go." Sybilta's littlo brown list douched iltelf furiously, onco on tho lauding outside. " 1 can't humble hor," sho thought. "1 can I make hor foar mo. I can't triumph over hor, do what I will. I havo her secret, aud 1 hold hor in my power, but sho is proudor than Lu cifer himself, and sho would lot mo stand forth and toll all, and if ono pleading word would atop mo, she would not soy it. Tho bravo may die, but ennuot yiold.' Sho should havo been a man." Sho went to tho window and drow out her watch. It wanted a quarter to eight. Tho pretty littlo onamotlod trinket had been a recent gift of the princely young baronet— her initials glittered ou tho case ; but, preparing to stab him to tho heart, she looked at it without ono compuuctuous twinge. \- "In fifteen minutes my lady goes; in fifteen more I shall follow iter— and not nlono. I am afraid Sir Erorard's slumbers will bo rather dis turbed to-night." Tho last yollow gleam of tho dying day was gone, und a sickly, pallid moon qlimmorod dully among drifts of scudding black clouds. Au icy blast wailed up from -the tjea, and tho rocking trccc ,wero, - like Dryad fpfctrUo,'tnwrithiug agony. ' Tho dis- tant.iBecch Walk Hooked black, ' and grim, and ghostly in tho weird light. : A great clock, Ingir up fn a windy turret, struck eight. A momont after, tho door of iny lady's dress ing-room opened— a dark, shrouded figure emerged, flittod swiftly down the long gallery, down tho sweeping stairway, and vanished.. Sybilla Silver stood, like an effigy in stone, listening with a smilo on her Hps ; and hor smilo was tho smilo of a demon I Ten minutes lator, Edwards, yawn ing forlornly, still in tlio entrance hall, beheld Miss Silver coming towards bim with an anxious faso, a largo shawl thrown over hor head. "Going out agam!" tho valot ex claimed. " Ana such a nasty night too I You are found of walking, Bliss S,, and no mistnka." " I'm not going for a walk," said Sybilla "I am going to look for a lockot I lost this afternoon. I was out in tho park, in the direction of the liccch Walk, aud thero I must havo dropped it.' ? Bottor wait until to- morrow," said Edwards. "Tho wiud's 'owling through iho trcos, and it's colder than tho lJartic rogions. Bottor wait." "icaunot. Tho lockot was a pro- scut, nud I value it oxcoodingly. I thought of asking you to. accompany me, Mr. Edwards, but as it is so cold, perhaps you had bottor not." , "Olq l'll go with plonsuro!" said BIr Edwards. "If you can stand tho cold, 1 can, 1 dossay. Wait till I got my 'at and hovorcoat— I won't bo a minute." Miss Silver waited. Mr. EdwardB reappeared in n twinkling. " 'Adn't I hotter fotch a lantern ?'' ho sugpostcd. "It will bo himpossible to soo it, hovon if it should bothoro." " No," said Sybilla. " Tho moon is shining, and tlio lockot will glimmor on the snow. Como I " Sho took his arm, and thoy started at a brisk paco for tbo Bccch Walk. Tho ground, baked hard as iron, rnng under their tread, and, whether it was tho bitter blast or not, BIr. Edwards could not tell, but his companion's faco wnB flushed with a moro brilliant glow thin ho had over beforo scon thoro in tho ghostly moonlight. Thoy reached tho long grovo of uingnilicont copper beeches, and just uiuiuui. us umruuuu i'liss oiivur uu- nau searching for her lost lockot Tlio white enow was baked and glittering, but no shining wheal of gold sparkled on its radiant sur face. " It's not lioro," said Sybilla. " Lot us go further down Sho paused abruptly at a suddon gesture of hor companion. " Hush '." he said. " There is somo ono talking in tho Bocch Walk." Both paused and stood slock still. Bortio unmistakably on tho night wind voices came to thom — tho soft voice of a woman, tho deopor tones of a man. " Ono of tbo maids, I daresay," Sybilla said, carelessly, " holding tryst with hor lorcr." "Nq," said tho valot; "not ono of Iho maids would sot foot hinsido this walk aftor nightfall for a kingdom. They Boy it's 'uuntod, Como forward a little, and lot's see if wo can't 'avo a look at tbo talkers. Whoever it ts, bo's hup to no good, I'll bo bound." Very softly, stealing on lip-too, tho twain approached the entraaco of the avenue. The watery moonlight, brook ing through a rift in the clouds, shono out for au instant abovo the troes, and showed thom a man and a woman, standing faco to faco, earnestly talking. Tbo man stood loaning against a tree, his hat pulled over his face— tbo woman stood before him, tbo dim light full upon her. BIr. Edwards barely repressed a cry of consternation. "Good lord!" he gasped—" it's my lady "Hush!" cried Sybilla, in a fierce wliispor. " Who is tho man?" As if somo inward prescience told him thoy wero thoro, tho man lifted his hat at that vory instaut, and plainly showed his faco. . "The Hamorican, by Jovo !" again faspedthe horrified valot ; and then o stood staring speechlessly. Sybilla Silver's ojes blazed liko coals of firo, and tho domoniac smilo, that mado hor brilliant beauty hideous, gleamod on hor lips. Sho grasped tho man's arm with slender fingors of iron, and stood gloating over tho econo. Not ono word could thoy hoar — tho distance was too great ; but thoy could sco my lady's passiouato ges tures ; thoy could soo the white hands clasp and cover her faco ; thoy could sco hor wildly excited, ovon in that dim light. And onco thoy saw her tako from hor pockot hor purso, and pour a handful of shining sovereigns into Mr. Barmnlco'e oxtondod hand. Thoro was a speechless gasp from BIr. Edwards at this awful revelation — ho was too far gono for words. They stood there whilo the moments wont, unheeding tho icy wind that arose and blew more fiercely each instant — unheeding tho few fluttering suowflakes beginning to fall. Nearly an hour thoy had stood, petrified gazers, whon thoy woro aroused as by a thundor-clap. A horse came galloping furiously up tho avenue, as only one ruler ovor galloped thero. Sybilla Silvor just repressed a scream of exultation— no moro. " It is Sir Evorard Kingsland," sho cried, in a whispor of fiorco dolight, "in timo to catch his sick wifo in tho Bccch Walk with tho man ho hatos !" to be continued. 