A BLACK SHEEP SOME EPISODES IN HIS LIEE. By A. C. (Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XXIX.—Love and Duty. (Continued.) Softly as she moved he had heard her approach, and when she Bpoke he slowly put his arm down and looked ab her. She could not Bee his face in the darkness, coming out of the lighted hall, though he could see hers; hub she presently saw his two arms outstretched, his two strong hands lifted to reach her—an appeal of which Bhe understood the whole meaning and which she could not resist. Dropping on her knees she leaned forward and was clasped to his breast, where after a moment of passionate silence she broke into sudden Bobs. "Old girl, what's the' matter 2" he whispered, knowing well what the matter was. " What are you worrying yourself about 2" He stroked her hair and patted her shoulder with a hushing gesture. "Are you finding out that I'm a bad lot, and [not worth caring about any more As Bhe Btill wept without speaking, he continued a little bitterly, "I. told you I was a black Sheep, dldn'b 12" " Ob, father !" she moaned at last. And the two little words—all she could articulate—bore a volume of meaning to him. "But 1 am not an unmitigated rascal, Sukey. I don't commit crimes of malice prepense. I don't, so to speak, lay myself out for villainies. You believe i that much, don't you 2" He raised himself into a sitting posture and made her sib beside him. He laid his haggard grey face on her drooping head, Btill holding her in his arms. In this position, on the edge of the sofa, re gardless of the spoiling tea, they kept silence for a little; and then he spoke again, more collectedly than before. " YeB, that was Constance Bethune," he said. " Odd, wasn't It 2 when I had just been telling you about her for the first time. • I don't know what possessed me to talk about her. I have never talked about her before. I no more expected to see her rise up before me like that than I expected to see her ghost. The shock was too sudden, my dear—the surprise was too great; If I had had a little pre- J paration 1 Bhould have borne it better. I suppose," he continued, "you have guessed the truth—you have found out what we used to be to each other 2" " Yes," whispered Sue, with burning cheeks. "But even then you were—you were——" "I know—I know. It was all wrong of course. Bub there was literally no choice. She was too sweet and good—I was too much with her—and indeed it happened before I knew it had] happened, and before she knew that I was not free. That was the only really bad thing I did— I did not say I was married when I knew them first. All the rest was my misfor tune, not my fault. And we really did ' behave well,' as people say—we did in deed j you must believe that of us. Con stance was Blmply a saint incarnate.. I wasn't, but ib was all the more credit to me that I did what I did. I fought a good fight, my girl, though I say it that shouldn't—a harder one than you can have any idea of. 1 have done my level best. Ho man can do more." " But you love her still!" "Yes." He drew a long breath, "That Is a dispensation of fate—lb is from no will of mine. I have tried to bury and forget it, and, since Ib wouldn't be buried, I have Bhut it up, so that no one should see it—my skeleton In the closet—my closet, which wa3 like a secret chamber in a panelled wall, unknown to everybody but the master of the house. Haven't I kept it well 2 Bub to-day there was an earthquake, and the earthquake burst the closet door open. One can't provide against earthquakes." " And mother 2" breathed Sue, almost inaudibly. "Was she nothing to you,, from first to last 2" ' He gave a sort of shiver as she put this hard qneBtion—Annie's child, who was so innocent and true. "God is my wit ness," he Bald solemnly, "that I have done my duty by your mother to the best of my power—I have never forgotten that I was her husband." "And noiol" "Oh, now the skeleton is being put back again. It Is not quite disposed of yet, but It will be soon. I am at tbiB pre sent moment engaged In a hand to hand struggle with It—for it is much livelier than skeletons usually are—and . am, I think, rapidly getting the best of it. Try and trust me, my little girl," he pleaded, tightening his arms round her, as he felt her creeping closer to him. "Try and believe that I want to do right—and tvill —to the very limit of my strength." She lifted her face and they kissed each other, sadly but sympathetically, both of them comforted by the strange confidences that had passed between them. "I think," said Kichard, "I will go into the dining-room now and make my apologies to your mother." " So they left the untouched tray on the library chair and returned to the dining rooms, where Annie still sat at the head of the table, finishing her^own comfortless meal.. "My.dear, I'm very sorry I'm so late," he said gently, laying his hand on her Bhoulder. " Have you another.cnp of tea in the pot 2"' Mr. Delavel drew lxerBelf away from his touch and roHe with a calm air. " You must ask Sue to attend to yon," she re plied in tones that were calculated to ohill the blood in their veins; and then she passed from the room and left them to their own devices. Sue did attend to her father assiduously. Her mother's hardness to him melted any hardness that might have lingered In her own heart and disposed her to be alto gether pitiful.' She made him some fresh tea, buttered him another scone, knelt on a stool beBide him while he eat and drank, which he did perfunc torily, and more for the sake of showing her that the rontine of ordinary life was uninterrupted than because he had any sense of hunger ; and when lie pushed away bis cup and plate advlBed him In. the manner of a mother to a sick child to go and rest himself on the library sofa. "And don't fret," Bhe whispered. "Re member, you have gob me." "I shan't have you for long," here turned, " Oh yes, yon will. I am not going to leave yon while you want rae upon any consideration. No one can ever be what you are to me." 41 Ab, my little greenhorn, I thought you didn't know much about it!" he re torted, with a laugh " You think you do, don't you? But you haven't learned the ABC yet. You're a perfect infant—a baby in swaddling clothes, my dear." "I hop8 I Bhall never grow up if that means that I am to grow selfish," she said gravely. " Is that meant for a reproach? Watt till you are a little older, Sukey—a little more developed than you are now—before you set yourself up as a judge of other people, especially of an old man who has been through the whol8 campaign. It looks an easy matter to win battles that other folks have to fight—an easy matter not to be selfish till you've tried it—till the temptation comes to you in its fall strength." With that he left her and returned to the dark library. And Bhe went slowly upstairs with her bonnet in her hand. She had a spacious apartment of her own—bedroom at one end,, sitting-room at the other—with two French windows opening upon a balcony and overlooking the bay. It had Persian carpsts and Morris-chintz covered arm chairs, and all the daintiness that wealth and taste can gather abont a young lady oi position; altogether it betokened habits and cus toms that made her choice of a partner in life seem singularly inappropriate. A little fire burned on the tiled hearth, near which stood her slippers and her dressing gown hanging over a chair back. At the opposite end of the room Hannah was turning down the bed, and Hannah began to scold with her usual vigor. " Now, Miss Sue, you did ought to know better than to,put your mother out in this' way. You know how particular she is; and, after all, it's not much to do to please her. You've got a watch, haven't ycu? lrou know she can't bear to have you late to meals. She's that put out that she won't be herself again for days.. His lordship came to call this afternoon, and he stayed right till dark, hoping you would come in " " O, bother his lordship ! I wish he'd go back to England." "I think your mother wants' you to marry him,"said the plain-spokenHannah, "She may want. I'm not going to marry a muff like that." " Well, Miss Sue. seeing what wretches husbands are—all except your father, who Is the exception to the rule—and seeing that you must marry somebody, I think a muff is the best sort to choose. Then you may have a chance of managing and of getting your own way a bit." " I should think a muff would be the worst sorb of all to manage. He'd most likely be an obstinate mule that you could neither lead nor drive." " Lord Boy ton isn't a mule—he's a real nice young man. Mrs. Blundell's maid Bays It's quite a pleasure to have him in the house, he's so easy and pleasant spoken. And it wonld be something to be Lady Boyton, and not just a common Mrs, I believe your father would like I it."' i "Father would put him outside the j door very quickly if he attempted to make love to me. He's not at all in father's Btyle, I can tell you, any more than he is in mine. And you needn't take to match making on my account, Hannah," " IS" cried the old woman indignantly, " I am the last person. But if you've got to marry—and yon're full old enough now —you may as well be thinking of it." Her hatred of husbands as a class was com bined with a fatalistic notion that they .wer8 necessary evils by no means to be evaded. " And I don't want to see you take up with a common colonial." '1 The person I take up with, though he may be a colonial, shall not be a common one," said Sue, smiling into the mirror of her wardrobe, as sh8 shut up her bonnet. Then she abruptly, " Hannah, when was it that you first saw my father ? Wa3 it before mother came out to him?" "A little while before. Why.?" Hannah paused in her ministrations and^ looked earnestly at her young lady's back ' | hair. ' "Was it while—while he was living i with the Bethunes ?" v . "What do you Ijgfow, about_ the Bethunes?" the old woman questioned sharply. "Oh, nothing. Father happened to mention them this afternoon—that't all; And I wondered if you knew them." "I knew who they were," said Hannah cautiously. " You never told me," said Sue. "Why should I tell you? It wa3 no business of yours. I knew a heap of people before you were born that I don't concern myself about now. Are you going to sit up here or are you going downstairs?" " I am going to sit here." "Then I'll put you on another log," said Hannah, Which she did ; and then retired to her own quarters, wondering what could have possessed her master to speak to his daughter about the Bethunes, x 