AN INNOCENT ELOPE MENT. Br M. E. BHoLsas A winter gloaming, but soft and grey. A stretch of eastern country open and wooded, high and low, level and broken, beautiful in summer, but just now deeply hidden beneath a mantle of snow, and above it htanging a dome sneowladen. A faint western wind stirring the orehard's great desolate heart, and filling its aisletes with uncanny whispers. From an invisible somewhere gaunt shadows stealing forth and reaching out their sold, hare arms to darkly embrae a rambling, old-fashioned homestead mansion. Ever unwinding "and gaining volume as they approaenned, those spectral shades ellently stalked into a quaitt, low.celled apartment before whose open chasm of a fireplace stood a young girl. She was in' appearance almost a ohild, slim as a youthful tamarack, and graceful, with s face sweet, round. fresh, daintily tinted, but hardly up to the classical ideal of beauty. 'A lae tenderly, temptingly, daringly lovable, yet wondrous aed, withal, in its present repose BRd flames suddenly broke from a s.oolderinglog. Scarlet arrows, with Bem. brandt effect, pierced sheencroaehing gloom, forcing its retrereat and softly kissed that t girlish face, thore dreamy, veiled eyes, and two little hands idly falling down and lightly lasped 'before her in an attitude of uncon scious grace. Her dres extended bigh to the warm throat. and, loosely confined at the waist by an arti-tie knot of ribbon, fell straight down to her slim feet in folds of soft while cash mere. With that halo of light upon her, and i under the spell of deep thought, she re. I senmbled strangely thi carven image of a devout, rapt young saint cut from Caara 1 marble, or the miniature of an introspeotive I Aphrodite in Parian stone. No wonder a man coming up the wval. d pasned just outside the window an instant with bated breath then slowly resumed his way with something very like a sigh of pain. As if his glance had pierced her armour of calm : " SI wish it was over,' she murmured. precesing her small fingers closa together it an agony of self-restraint ; then sanddeol flinging themapart with apsasionate geitues " or I wish I had never come, or that I was t dead, or that-bh, God I how I wish Bot-bah I' a smile of contempt drooping her sweet-lipped month at the corners ' What use to wieh O, 'shis gnawing t pain at my heart I This burning dryness of my eyes. To-morrow, on some preters, I most go home, else I shall go mad ;. but to. night--'. . Ay, to.night I What of it ? Could she only have foreseen the events in the darkness of that night, would she have counted on the morrow thusr The bangiog of a distant door, then the sound of someone approacning. An instant her heart stood still with a I vague, indefinable hope, a wild, yearning fear. Could it be Paul? Paul Granleigh, her conain, her king among men, yet who in a few hours would be the husband of another woman ! Ah, no, she had seen him ride away inthe early gloaming. When he returned to his ancestral home well, she would not be here. I Like a thing caught in guilt, she glanced hurriedly around for an avenua of eaape, as a step-Rick's-wounded in the corridor ' outside. A firm yet light step, and presently the door was flung ajar, admitting a tall young man, and with him a frosty breath from the outer world. ' Behold, our steeds prance at the door. Haseo to the wedding,' he rstied grandilo quentuly. Then, as his pleasant ayes take in that sole. silent oeapant :. - • Trtek,' coming forward, 'you look like a great wax doll constructed after the Greek. Where on earth'-a man's nsual seoff at woman', artistie dress.love--'did you find that babyish affair ?' She shot him a glance of overwhelming U'Chat babyish affair was found at Bed fern's, and enet dad more money than your self and your prancing steeds are worth, S.r Ignorance. Come, that's a good boy--n sweet, laughing tones-' fetch my wraps from yonder sofa, and-' 'Oh, no hurry!' flinging'himself into a chair near. 'The governor, your reepeoteo uncle, and the looky sire of your humble servant, is still swearing over an aggravatin I ceavat. I heard him as I stole past hi room. As it is nearly six hours to mid--. By Jove, old man !' his eyes suddenly lifrin. to a t.li form in the doorway. 'Ejacted, eh? What's up?' His brother slowly entered. I ' I forgot my purse, and-well, you know one cannot expect to do Europe on his wedding tour with empty pockets !' with a I low, mirthless laugh. 'I left Jtio my room in some plaes. Will you fetch It while I warm t up, Errier ' Well. seeing it's your night of doom, yes ; but'-with a heart free laugh--you're pollig a miehty long face, old man, for a pro speetive groom. Cheer up. Life is short and full of chaces. Ma belle will be in a I dense of a temper if you don't cultivate a happier look for the altar.' When the door had closed upon him, Paul turned to hie slim, whitefeesd cousin. ' Let me look at you,' he erelaimed, devouring her with his dark eyes 'H ere where we have been ?o happy together, Iet us part; and after to-night. it will hb best for both if God never lets me see oourtemps ine face again.' Thrilling and chilling alternately, she stood before him voiceless and motionles, onder his intense passionate eyes. SYou do care,' he continuen mechanioally. I never dreamt yo did until tonight. I aw you through the window, and I-I read your faoe. On. Triek, Trick I if only we had met earlier, when I was free. and you - -' SBush !' she cried possionately. ' Are you human to taorSr and iasolt me ea?' Forg v me., I-I am mad, I think, Good-eya He turned easteadily to leave the room. He paused, and 'coinlg bask stood before her. Hie fae was esim, but somehow inggessive of fisree restraint He was a strong man with strong peaslons, and possesain an iron will to control them SWill you sling for me that song yenou sane when first yooeame to visit cet' he asked. I have a presentimert that it will be the last tame I shall ever hear your roies, and I want to remember it. It were a pity to for get she sweetest thing one ever heard, would it not. little onae' A dry sob rose in her throat. Beatrix Evelyn was childish in appearance only. Choking down her mirery bshe turned to the piano near. Quiveringly at first her sweet voice rose, then went steadily on to the end. ts lell tobreak the bands that Gol dereed to bind, Yetstlll aee the children of the heathbr and thea sld: TaoOgh ar away from bom, eb, 't. st for yru and me. That the brwom Li blowing borne In that north 'I'm afraid you'll have to do Europe on trnot, old man,' exrolimed Blck, entering. 'I can't find your " filthy lucre " 'I wiligo and fnd it myself, then.'trming as he stood on the threshold. .good-bye,' he emid * It begins to snow. Bee that Beatrix 1 is well wrapped, Errio.' S-Then he was gone, and Trick shivered, . * ell be armed if. be Isn't. monare fit for a lunatio asy·~lnrthan a bridal tour.' I?rumbled i?ok. Well,. I, ean Imagine pleasater pesitons thin tarrying the pog dog, and eseivina the sareasum of my futore sister-in law, ema't you, 'ose shere ?' - Triek made no eturn hi wards, and was thagelv lent dming 'th leng drive to . It wasa whim of the whimslel, w?althb bride that the marriage shbould'be s rford at mldntebt, but aon theOir arrival dnineig ?w, in progresn. Abo? . teu e'lok t1k same up to lil iot in. There war a somewhat troubled on his pleasant faoe. ha e hta a meseage-a telegram fnr you,' broa tepered. 'One of our, servants jast and he it over.- Come into the eonservatory It d it.' York: from a promtneit doator tom sew medi.tely her dangerously ill. Come im With o would see him alive.' Errio's face. a cry she lifted her eyes to fallen had not a swayed, and would have Paul. She hard eons naught her. It was explained. heeded, but Erric briefly I will drive hel said. ' We ean c 'Vet to the station,' he ' Very well. Ta midnight train.' it: is would buho,?: s spakingahboo can easily expl jll?sen " turcause, and I t.ess into my eils d. Hitch Black She is a safe ? t ? n?ik as possible. A few tone eyes, and d5ter; w in forato'the ineso Ibe rlydiostaced, ink was lifted a ' ittli.Og eutter. • rrio WI' m t to al her, when his broth gaided him one orth reetrned to she only Even fg a moment later. Why ha .phhe r anxiety hek ie gieved. Rushing to her eyes the s r? She had no desire to speak, t there. apparently was in the same mood. E'rr? Iilently and tediously they drov the ever iuereaeig atorm. Wilder and ure fri us it became, deeper and more drled she snow. ' We shall never get thete I' cried Trick. wildly. It must be near midnight cow I' And her tortured mind went boak to the mansion long left behind. lh a few minutes P.ul would be married, perhaps Perhaps he was married already. B.hind herein life I.y the might-have-been of happiness. Before-God, what was before? Herbeloved father B:otk Bses had stood still as it bewildered. Through a grove near the wind moaned in paloful accents. ' Are we lost, Erric?' she cried. ' Why don's you speak ! Why-' He leaped frout the cutter and went quickly forward. Blck Basr stook quivering in her trakes Presently be returned to her side and stood there, the wind howling and driving abtou them both, the snow falling fast eno faster. It is usaeless. We oan go no farther : she has lost the road.' he said. At the voeis Trick utterd a cry and tore the veil from her face, ' Paul ' she cried. ' Where is Errlo? Why did you do this mad thingl' SRtecuane I was mad I wanted to seeyon, to say a last word before we parted-forgive. Foreive me ' ' Where is Errio!' L Lceked safely np in the c!oakroom unless they have liberated him before thin'-gtionly. 'Wnat will you do?'-dazedly. 'You cannot be back by midnight to--' ' I had not intended to. Indeed, I am not mure I ever intended going bask at all. Bcu a marriage can be postponed, a death eanote I knew if it were poeslble for anyone to get you to Zadwick in time for the midnight express I could. I have failed'-lightieg a match to see his watch-face, and epeaking it, a kind of bitter despair. 'It is halt-past twelve, and,' he onotinned passionately, tI am glad I am not married-glad I am with yon, darling, come what may.' ' Hash I Oh, what will 1 do? What eo I do? What will they all say of me?' ' They will not dare say a word of you ' fiercely. I--I wish we would both die here o.noight. We would at least be together! No one a mid part us. Bat although It is wild and stormy, it is not cold, and there is no sneh Inak as freezing in store for us.' S'Yno most go back. she cried wildly. SYou ,unt go bank. I command it. Take Black Bees, and leave me here. You have -ronged me enough already. I forbid yon staying here now. Go, go And pray God I may never look upon your face again.' Alt his mad entreaties were of no avail She only repulsed and bade him leave her. How that long night under the shelter of an overturned cutter was spont Trick Evelyr, never forgot, but always shuddered when she spoke of It. lBt after what seemed an eternity she thougnt she heard voices eonling at a great distance; then down abe went into the darkness of death. A month later, In her father's New York house, she reclined on a onchb, very pale, wan. and frail, but with a look of content on her sweet face. Her father had hue just left the room when a servant ushered In anotner man none otherthan PaulGrealeigh. but, from the awful events of hat awfuol night, the ghost of his former self. With a blush. Trick held ou, her hands ; then, as he gladly took and held them in his, horet into a storm of tears. 'And they thought we had eloped-that papa's illness was only a trick.' she said later. ' If they had found Erric b fare mid a ght- before Miss Eaton, in that fit of sneer, married her mania-master, how dif ferent it would have been for us.' ' Perhaps It would, and spoiled our lives, my pet'-softly. ' Sweetheart, I shall always think I was mad that night, and,' he cone tinued, softer yet. ' hles.-m. mdonesel' 