No. S3. ST. GEORGE'S HALL, This Evening (Saturday), November < 28th, :1863,' CHRISTMAS IN OLD ENGLAND '-MR. EDGAR RAY Has the. honor to announce that hei will deliver, at St. George's Hal), at 8 o'olock this evening, the above elegant entertainment, in the pre paration of which the highest artistic talent has been enaaged for the last six months- The Diorama comprises a series of large and expressive illus trations of the Christmas Season and the Christmas Festival, drawn from both the mediaeval and modern times, and exhibiting the most picturesque features of this national holiday in the Old English Mansion, the Manor House, the Village Church, the City .of London, the Rustio Grange, and the Contemporary Drawing Room — thus reviving agreeable recollections in the minds of those who are natives of the Mother Country, and fami liarizing Young Australia with those scenes and incidents which bestow such a charm unnn tne celebration of CHRISTMAS IN OLD ENGLAND. Each "changing scene of many- colored life" will be accompanied with appropriate description, and inter spersed with illustrative music, combining to form an entertainment . seasonable in its character, national .and patriotic in spirit, and instructive amusing, graphic and reminiscent. The following is a synoptical sketch of the Diorama : — The Drop Sosno Pointed by N., Chevalier. The Tnblesux by P. J. Greig, assisted by N. Chevalier. John Beenings. G. H. AppUton, J. Willis, and H. Freyberger. The Incidental Music Feleotod and Arranged by Jos. Porker. Lecturer ... Mr. B dgar Bay No. 1. Old Pother. Christian', . nooompanied by " Troops of Friends." „ 2. : Gathoring the Mistletoe on a Bleak December Day. . ;i:> " V . ., 3. Carol Singers in ' Country. Village 'XmanEve. 4\. Biiogfrg Home the Yule Log to the t'aron'sHall. ... ',, "5. The " London" Waits', " Past Twelve o'olr ok end a Frost" Night " B. Tbo Pororgh Market on 'Xmas Eve. - „ 7. Boa' ting an. Ox on the Thames i.D. . 1716. , 8. Skating on the Serpentine— present \- time. - „ 9. Snow-balling in the Village o' Bullock Smithy. „ 10. Arrival of f id Father Xmas. 11\. . The Oh.Istmas Tree: . r „ 17.' Dist lbntion of the 'Xmas Dole by tto Lord of the Manor. „ 18. Christmas Morning in a Country Ghuroh. S, 14. Regaling the Tenants in the Baronial Hall, „ 16. The Stately Hospitalities above the Dale No. II . Granc mama's Ghost Story on an " Eerie "Night. ,, 17, Bnstio Manners in the Kitohen of Farmer Giles. , „ 18. Snapdragon In a Very Cheerful Light, \- „ 19. Sir Roger du Covcrley. as Danoed by Ferzlwigs. „ 20, Apotheosis o: Father Christmas in tho Pantomime. . Scale of Prioes at the following moderate rates— Stalls (roierv.'d), 8s. Stalls, 2s.: Galhry, Js, 