A, FIGEr WITH TRHEE ELEPHANTS. S" HY. RIDEa k1*AoGARID. (?OaM u??vA'S Z rEVENGE) A.bioh four 'o'olock Gobo woke me up, and told me that the head' man.of one of Wambe's klrales had ariived to see me.* I ordered him to be brought .up;: and presently bhe' came, a little` wizened,;' talkative old man, 'with a" .aeat.oloth round hise middle, and.a greasy, frayed karose made . f the sking of rock rabbits over his shoulders. I told him to sit down, and then abused himrioudly- " What did he mean," I asked " by disturbing mein this rude way. How did he dare to cause a person of my quality and evident,tmportance to be awakened in order to interview his entirely coutemptible sell 1" I spoke thusee because I.knew t~atsl would produce an impression on him. Nobody except a really great man, be would argue, would dare to speak to hum in that lashion. Most savages are desperate bullies at heart, and look on inselence as a sign of power. The old man Instantly collapsed. Ie was utterly overcome, he said ; hbies heart was I .plit in two, and well realised the extent of Ihs misbehaviour. But tde occasion was very urgent. He heard that a mighbry hunter was 1 in the neighbourhood, abeanuitol white man, how beautiful he could not have imagistoo had he not seen (tIlia to me i) and he came to b g his asaiatacu. The ircih was th=t three bull elsphante such as no man ever saw had foryeare been the terror of their kraal which was but a small place-a cattle kraeal of the * great chief Wambe'd where they lived to keep the cattle. And now of late there elephants bhad done them much damaue; but las; bight they bad de'troyed a whole patch of nmealis land, and he feared. that if they came back they would all starve next seas n for want of food. Would the mighty white man then be pleaseI to come and kil' the elephaote? It wonl-t be easy for hir to do -oh, most easy I It was only neceesary that he ehould hide himself mn a tree, for there was a full moon, and then when he elephants ap. peered he wouldrpeal to them with the gua, and they would f 'il down dead, and there would be no end of their troubling. Of courre I: hummed and hawed, end made a great favour of cnsenting to this prop3eal, though. really I was delighbed to have nuoh a ceancoe. O.e of the conditions that I made was that a mesesnger should at once ti deaprtchdl to Wamne, whose kreal was two das'" j.nro ay from where I was, telling him that I proposed to come and pay nmy reepeots to him in a few days, and to selt his formal permission to shoit In his counltrty Also I intimated that I was prepared to pre sent him with "' hongt,"that Ise, blackmail, and that I hoped to do a little trade with him in ivory, of which I board he had a great quantity. This message the old gentleman promised to despatob at once, though there was some. thiog about his manner whicth sbo ed me that he was doub-ful as to how it would be ro neived. Alter that we struck our camnp and moved on to the kradi, which we roahbed about an hour before sunset This krael was a coileoion of hiutse ur ,uaded by ia sight thorn-fence,. perhspa there were ten of them in all. Io was situated in a kloof of the mountain with a rivulent flowing down it. The klo if was deneerly waoded, but for eomr distance above the kradl it was free from iob, and here on the rich deep ground brought down ty the rivdlet were the cilti, vated lands, it' extent somewhere about twenty or tl.entyfiv noares. On the kasal side of these lands stood a *Ingle hut, that served for mealie storea which at the moirnt was used as a dwelling.place by an old woman, the firet wile of our friend the head Sman. I' appeare that this old hady, having had some difference of opinion with her husband about the extent of authority allowes to a younger and more amiable wife, hat refused todwell in the kraal ainy more, and by way of mprkigl her displeasurt, had taken np her abode among the me lies. As the leane will allow, she was, it hipprned, cuttieg off her nose to pitse her face, oCloe by thil hot grw a large baobanh tree. A glance at rile monli?grounde showed mue that the old head man tad not exaggerated lihe misc'iaf .aone by thseolophants to hli. a crops, which were now Inutting site, Neatly to hailf of the entire patch wos doalroyad - ed'. great brutes had'eaten al they ould, eaid'the , rest they had trampled down, I went :up't re their spoor and started back in amaztmenbt -never had I seen such spoorbefore. It was s- simply enormous, more especially that of one I old bull, that had, so eaid the natives, but a el single tusk. One might have ued anyof the foot-prints for a hip-bath. Id Hving taken atonsk of the pc.ltion, my: next step was to make arraugemento for the' fray. The three bulli, according to the'natives, had been epoored into the dense patch of buabr it above the kloof. Now it seemed tome very, probable that they would return to-night to' a feed on the remainder of the ripening mealies, g If so, there was a bright moon, and it struck' me that by the exerciseflo a little -ingenultyp : might bog one or more of them withoub espos ing myself to any risk, whiob, having' the highest respect for theaggressive powers otbull' oleabante, was a great conetdaration to me. This then was my plan. To the right off a the huts as you look up the kloof, and com- r manding the mealie lands stands the baobabr - tree that I have mentioned. Into that bbaoab tree I made up nmy mind to go, Then if the" elephants appeared I should get a shot at them. I announced my intentions to then head mant of the kraal, who was dellghted. r" Now," he said, "hbe peop;e might sleep n' peace, for while the mighty white-hunter eab' aloft, like a spirit watchiog over the welfare of his kraal what was there to fearf?" I told {him that he wee an angrateful brute' tocebink of sleeping in pea ce- willeJpetgh1:r t i F1f6a woudtild vulture oin a tre, watQelaai i his welfare in wakeful sorrow; and- of' more he collapsed, and owned that my words i were " shbp but just." EHowever, as I have said, confidence was completely restored ; and shut evening every body in the kraal, including 'he enperanunated victimof jetlouney in the little hat where the meslie coba were stored, went to bed with a' sense of sweet security from elephants and all other animals that prowl by night. For my part, I pitched my camp below the krtsal,;. and then, having procured a beam of wood from the head man-rather a rotten one, by the way-I ert it across two boughs that ran out laterally from the baobab tree, at a height ot about twentyofivo feet from the ground, in each fashion that Iand another' man conid" sit upon it with our legs hang iog down,.aand rest our backs against the bole of the tree.- This done I went back to the camp and had my supper. About nine o'clock, hatf.an-hour before the moon-rise, I sum moned Ooboh who, thinking that he had had about enough of the delights of big game hunting for that day, did not altogether relish the job ;and,despite his remonstranese rave him my eight-bore to carry, I havoing the 570.exprese. Then we oat oat for the tree It was very dark, bat we found it without difficalty, though climbing it-was a more com plicated matter.. However, at laest we got up and eat down, like two li tie boys on a form that is too high for them, and waited. I did. not dare to smote, because I remembered the rhinoceros, and, feared that the elephants might wind the tobacco if they should come my way, and this made the business morem wearisome, so t fell to thinking and wonderingi at the vaatneaseof the salence. At last the moon came up, and with it a moaning wind, at the breath of which the silence began to wheiper mysteriously. Lonely enough in the newborn light looked the wide expanse of mountain, plain, and forest, more Like some twilight vision of a dream, some faint reflection trom a fair world of peace beyond our ken,.than the mere face of garish enrth made silvery soft with sleep. Indeed, had it not been for the fact that I waee beginning to find the log on which I sat very hard, I should have grown quite sentimental over the beautiful eight; but I will defy any.* body to become sentimental when seated in the damp, on a very, rough beam of wood, hialf way up a tree. So'! merely made a mental note that it was a particularly lovely nighb. and turned my attention to the prospect of , elephants. But no elephants came, and after waiting for another hour or so, 1. think that what between weariness and disgust, I must have dropped into a gentle doze. Presently I awoke with a start. Gobo. who was perched close to me. but as far off as the beam would allow-for neither white man nor black like the aroma which eaeh vows is the peouliar and disagreeable property of the other-was faintly, very faintly, clicking his forefinger against his thumb I knoew by this signat a very favourite one among native hunters and gun-bearers, that he must have seen or beard something. I looked at his face, and san that be was staring excitedly towards the dim edge of the bbsh beyond the deep green line of mealies. I stared too, and listened. Presently I heard a soft, large sound, as though a giant were gently stretching out his bands and pressing back the ears of standing corn. Then came a pause, and then., out into the open majestically stalked the largest elephant I ever saw or ever shall see. Ieavene, what a monster he was I aemow. the moolight gleamed upon his one splendid tusk-for ,he other wasmissing-as be stood' among the mealies gently moving his enor mous ears to and fro, and testing the. wind. with his trunk. While I was still mar velling at his pirth, and speculating upon the weightof that huge tuck, which I swore should be my tusk before very long, out stepped a eeoond ball and stood beside.: him. He was not quite oo tall, but he seemed to me to be almost thicker-se' than the firest, and even in that light I could see theat both his tuaks were perfect., Another cause and the third emerged. He was., -horter thaneither of the athers, but high-r in the shoulder than No, 2 ; and when I tell you that, as I a'tcrwards learnt from.actual i measurement, the smallest of these three mighty bulls measured 12kt. l~in. at the h-buler, it willt ive you some idea of their size. The three formed into line and stood still for a minute, the one-tusked bull gently careening the elephant on the left with his trunk.. .7 Then they began to feed, walking forward and elightly to the .right as they gathered great buochee of the sweet mealies and thrush, them into their mouths. All this time they, were more than a handred and twenty yards away from me (this I knew because I had paced the distances from the tree to tib& '" various points) much too for to allow, of my attempting a hobnt at them in that uncertain light. They fed in a semiosrcle ,gradually drawing. r nuud towards the but near my tree, in which the corn was stored and the old woman slept. This went on for between an hbor anr an hour and a half, till what be tween excitement and hope, that maketh. theheart sick, I • got' so weary that I was actualty contemplating a descenb. from the tree, end a moonlight stalk. Sch,. an act in ground so open would have been that of a stark, staring lunatic, and that I. ehould even hove been contemplating it will show you the condition of my mind. But everything comes 'o him who knows how to wait, and sometimes, too, 'o him who doesn't, so at laut those elephants, or rather one of them, came to me. After they had fed their fill, which was a very large one, the noble three stpod once more-in line some seventy yards to the left of the but, and on the edge of the oal tivated lands, or in all about eighty-five yards from where I was perched. Then at laotthe one visah the single tusk made a neculiar rat ling noise in his trunk .just as though he were blowing his nose, and wirhout moro ad,, heg..n to walk deliberately to-arde the hat where the old woman slept. I got my rifle realdy and glanced up at the moon, only to discover that a new comploas.. tion was looming in the immediate future. I have said that a wind ro a with the moon, Well, the wind brought rain-clouds along its r track. Several light ones had already for a little while leeesned the light, though without obescurieg It, and now two more were coming rapidly r,, both of them very black and dense. 'The tirt cloud was small and long, and the one behind big and broad. I remember noticlng that the pair of them bore a most comical resemblance to a dray drawn by a very loner raw-boned horse. As luck would have it, just as the elephant got within twenty-fiv' yards or so of me, the head of the horse-cloud floated over the face of the mtos t, rendering it impn'.ible for me to fl',. rt tfi"a faint twill ght which remained, however, ] could just make out the grey mass of the great bruteo still advancing towards the hnk. Tbnn the light went altogether and I lihd o. . treat to toy ears, I heard him tumbling with his trnnk, apparrenty at the roof of the hat,; nit came a ulnnd as of straw belp drawn oat and then for a little wh.le there wqs ormplets salence. ' The cloud benan to pass; I could ase the. outline of the elephant ; he was standing with his head right over the top of the hot, Rat r cou'd not ean his trunk, and in wonder. for It.. ,ias inside the but, He h-,d thrust it right through the roof, an', attracted no d"ubl byr the small of the meanlop, was grnping abhiit. with itinslte. It was rnawing light nnr, ast laot my rit, roeady, whe-n euddenly thsr, v0sa. a most awful yell, end I saw the trunk roapoear, and in its mighty fold the net& woman who hbd been seleping in the hut. ,; Out she cosme through the h'le like a pnl. i. winkle no,, the point of a pin, still wrapped upl In her hlanket, and her skinny len sand arms. stretohsd to the four tIinte of the compass, and as 8ite did No, gave that meet .tlarming t?seoh. I, oelly d~a\t k cw o ho was ? ,, ? .3E rightened, she, or I, or the eleDbant. e'Atao y .7, tihe rse w a onsiderh.ly -ctrtl. d 1a had been filhing for mealies-the uld -toman was a tsere accident, and one that -realy discompoed bhie nerves. He gave a -ort of trumpet, and threw her away from him ?ldt ii the crown of a low mimosa tree, where she -tack ahrieking like a metropolitan _angne. The old bull lifted his tail, and a'Ipplo? bide reas eare pr,t.,,ed for flgis,. I Vut ans my idn.ih-r. asu m"ming h..t.ily aI the polit of his shoulder (for he was broad aide on), I fired. The report rang out .zio llUt.u;ur, masilUt a a o:lo , ect:ules n11 the quset hit a. lane r.im acs o5,wil .ai of a n herr we though he were atone dead. Then, alai I u5Ln'et it was the t5lk u[ tun heavy relin, or the eocited bump of that idiot Gobo, or hoth togetber, or merely an unhapo) coisuudenen Ido not know, hut ths rotton heam broke, and I went down ton,, landing flat at the foot Of she tree upon a c rtsin humble po"rtion of. bhe human frame. Toe shook woe e r.evere that I felt a- thoueb .11 my teeth were flying though the root of roy mouth, but altnoustb I -at aligh ly at unted for a few orce nd*, luckily forme I fell light, and wee not in ny way injured. Shteiaawnle the elephant began to ncroatr, with fear and fort, and, at-r*oteoi by his cries, the other two come charalne up. I felt trc any rifle ; it was not there. 'nen I remem bared that I had reated it on a fork of the bouirb in order to are, alnd doubhtless there it vemained. Mr poaltirn now was very un pleaiant. I did not dare to try and climb the s4-ee aain,whicb, shaken aeil wae, would b?se bden a task of some d;fficult, becau'o tbeele obantre would certalliy see iue, and Gobo, -who bad clungto a bough, was still aloft with other rifle.-. Icould eot run heaonee there ' s o e hi-nocs Under: these. ciron q 1 did the only thing feasible, alam.bered round the trunk as softly na Vostible, and keeping one oree on the ele ihants, whispered to Gnho to bring down .0t,1 ifle, and awaited the development of the situation. I knew that it the elephnntr dio not see me-which, luckily, they were too enraged to de-they wonlt not ema'i me, for I was up-wind. Goho, however, aiher did nns 4m (preferring the sefety of the tree) would rset .ear me. He said the former, but I bs lieve the latter, for I knew that he was nit enough of the sportsman to really enjoy ?fhooting elephants by moonlight in the open 0 thtere I was eehind my tree, dismayed, 'o?atmed, but highly interested, for I was witnesseng a remarkable perfo:manca. .When the other balls arrived the won-,s d elephant on the grouna ceased to scream, hut began to make a liw moaning noise, and gentl 'touch the woond near his ehoulder, from which the blood was literally spouting. 'The other two Ceemed to understand; at any rate, they did this : Kneeling down on either -ide. they got their trunks and turks nnder. -erab him, and. sided by bis own efforts, with one great hift got him on his feet. Then leaning against him on either side to support him. they marched off at a walk in the direction of the villege. It was a pitiful eight, and even then is made me feel a brute. SPresently, from an walk, as the wounuod elephant gathered himself together a little, they broke into a trot, and after that I could follow them no longer with my eyes; for the secoed black aloud came no over the moon and p-t her out, as an e:tincaseber put oats a dip. I ay with my eyes, but my ears still gave me a very fair notion of what was going on. When thga'leiad'came upthe three terrifled animals were heading directly for the kraal, probably hebanse the way was pert and the path easy. lfrncy that theygotconfused in thedarkness, for when they came to the kraal fence they did not turn aside, but crashed straight throught it. Then there were "times," as the irish servantsgirl ayse In the .Auerlcisn hook. Having ?akeuntoo fenrc, they th:ogRh that they might as well take she hate also. so they joat ran right over them. Ooe hire beeped hat was mrrned e'raight over on to its top, and when I arrived on the Pcene the people rho had been sleeping there were hambling about inside like bees disturbed at ntgh', while two more were ernshed fslat, and .l h1ird had all its aiede torn out. Oddly -eouglb, however, nohndy was hurt, though seeral people had a n-rrow escape of being tro'ien to death. On arrival I found the old headman Into a state painfully like that favon ed by Grrek rse, danolng about in front of his ruined abodes as vigorouly as though he had just been stung by a scorpion. Iasked him what ailed him, and be hburst sst Into' a flood of abuse, He ailled me a Wizard, a Sham, a Fraud, a Bringer of Bad Luck l I had promised to kill the elenbants, and I had to arraneed *hinge that the ele. bhsets bhd nearly killer him, etc. This, 'still emart'ng, r rather aching, as I 'weas from that most terr;fic hump, was too muach for my feelings, e I just miade a rush -at my fri-nd, and getting him hy the ear, I banned his bead against the doorway of his own but, wbich was all th-re was left of it. "You wicked old roanandrel," I said, ' you dare to complain about your own rifling. Inconveniences, when you gave me a tgtten beam to sit on, and thereby delivered ers to the fury of the elephant" (bump tlbump I hump I) "when sour wife "(bump I) "has jnut been dragged out of her ihus" -hlmp I) " like a anail from its shell, and -thrown by the Earthsebaker. into a :tree" (bump I. bump I ). "' Mercy, 'my father, nieroy I ' gasped the Ild fellow. " Truly I have done amiss-my heart tells me so." "I ahoald hope it did, you old villain' Ibumn I). "' Meroy, great white man I I thought the log was a anud, But what says the on. aqualled cheof--i the old woman, my wife, Indeed deod ? Ah, if she is dead all may yet r-rove to have been for the very beet " and be c'a.ped his hands and looked up pinuely to heaven, in which the moon was once more hbloing brightly. I let go his ear and bnust out lasghing, the whole scene and his devout aspirations =for the decease of the partner of his jsyas, or ',vather wors, were on intenselyr ridiculous. "No, you old iniquity," I ,newered; "I 4seIa-fn thn top of h-r-.three. ecreaming lfke a thousand blue?oye. The elephant put iber there." " Alas I ala 1I" he said, "surely the back of robe ox i. shaped to the hburden. Dubtles, sa7 father, she will come down when she is tired ;" and wishoua troubling himself further 'ahbout the matter, he hepan to blow at the rsmnalederfg embers of the fire. And, as a matter of facb, she did appesr a evW minoUtes later. cooeinerably scratchabed and -tertled, but none the worse. After that I made my way to my little 'camp, which', fortunatel, the elephants had cot walked over, and wrapping myself up in a blakes, was soon feeast aslPep. And so ended my fires ronnd with those three elephants. On the morrow I woke up full of painful -eo'lections, and not without a certain fseeling of gratitude to the Powers above that I'was there to wake up. Yesterday had been a tempestnous day ; Indeed, what between buffalo, rblnoceros, and elephant, it Lad been very tempestuue. Having realised this facst, I next bethought me of those saguiloent tusls, and inesantly, early as it -as, broke the tenth commandment. I roveted my neifhbour's tuesks, if an elephant could be said to be my neighbour de jure, as aertainly, 'so recently as the previous a??ht, he had been de facto-a much closer nelgh tiour than I Ores for. indeed. Now when oan covet your neIghbour's Rgoods, the beat thing, It not the moat moral thlng, to do is to enoer ble house a a strong man armed, and take them. I was not a strong man. but havlng reeovered my eiaht bore I was armed, ad so was the o'ber Itrorg man-the elephant with the tusk-. Conseqcen'ly I pspared for a struggle to the deathb. In other words, I seammoned my faithful retainers, end told them that I weas now eo'ag to follow those elephanla over the edge of the world, If noeerssary. They showed a certain bash 'Ifulness about the business, but they did not ?leray me, beenea they dared not. Ever since [had prepared with all due solemnity to ereau'e the ribellioes Gebo they had tseceived a great respect for me, 80 I went up to bid adieuo to the old .eadman, whom I found alternately ron templating the rnins of his kral, and. with Ihe able assletance of bil Isest wife, thrashing the jsalous lady bwho had slept in the mealie aut, heanrue she was, as he declared, the cnt of all bhi sorrows. Leaving them to work a way through their domestio differences, I levied a supply -oft vegetable food from the kraal in considers. alon of servires rendered, and left them with sny blessing, I do not know how they settled matters, because I have not seen them aioce. Then I staerted on lhbe spoor ol the three beulls. For a cruple of miles or so below the kral--as far, indeed, as the belt of swamp bthat borders the rlver-the gronnd is at this apbt ratslher st-ny, and clothed wilb .eittered buheov. asln had falloen towardn be daybreak, and thIs fact, together with theo uature of the soil, made opooring a very dlffio?ult business. The woneded bull hba ade'd blero freely, but the rain had washed :hblood sf1 the leaves and grase, and the oand being so rough and hasd had not e the footmarka so elearly as waes con. ela. However, we got along, though ao?ir parftly by he epoo d a ertly by -s-foeily lifting leavIa and blades of grete, and fin it,g b'o .d unjerne?tih theo, for f tl ati .d nahting from a wounded anim i ofste fall, upon their inner surfaces , an then. o' o u se, tunless the ram is very heavy, i ie not washed away. It took ua eornethi,.g over on hour and a half to roach the edge of th march, but once there our task became much uaener, for toe eott natl enowed plentifol evi dences of the great hrnte', pasenee. Thread. tog our way through the swampy land, we ca?e at la.- o a ..0u ot too river, nod her. we Qopull see arhere the poor won,,lded eanoin hal~lald down in the mud and water in th us'pe of e.aing nsn-alIt .t no ,,ait., f.,o c u"i aoe also how his two faithful companions had eaiast'd hnim to rise tr0u0. Wcro-rad thO lord and took up the spoor on the further ,ide, and lo.lowl t Itu , noeuartuike laund beyo;td. No rain bhd fallen tin this side o' the river, and tr"e hloon marks were conee quantIly monh more frequent. All that day we followed the three bulls, now anrose open plains, and row through pachee of buon. 'Tor y seemed to bave gravellad on almost without econnino, and I noticed that as they went the woundeo hull got op his strength a little. This I could see fromhes spoor, which had become flrmer, ant also from the fIot thot the other two had gi en up snpporting him. At lat eor nine closed in, and hove:?a travelled ens, e,?ebteen mdnls we camped, thoroughly tir d one. Before dewn on th.e i.,lowing 0ae we were on, and the first break of light founo Ua once umore on the spoor. Auout half peet 5 .'alocd we recched the place where tbr elnpnants had fed and slept. The twou unnounded.hbulle had taken their fi61, e the condirion of the nerihbourinr hbshes showed. but the wononeed one had eaten nothing. He bad event the night leaning against a good. *tzed tree, which his weighs hab pushed our "f she perpendicoulr. They had not long left this place, and nmold not be very far ahead. e.peoially as the wounded bull wasee now asain so stiff after his night's rest that for the first few miles the other two had been obliged to support him. Bet elephants go very quick, even when they seem to be travelling slowly, for shrub and creepers that almost atop a man's progress are no hindrance to them. The th.ep had now turned to the left, and were travelling back again o a nsmicircular line toward the mountains, prnhably with the idea of working rounu to their old feeding grounds on the further side cf the river. There was notrting for it but to follow their lead, and acoordiotly we followed with in'ustry. Throogh,all that lung hot day did we tramp, passlnr quantitles of every sort of game, and even coming across the spoor or other elephants. But, in sptre of my men's entreaties I wonld not turn aside after these, I would have those mightytusks or none. By evening we were quite close to nor game, probably within a quarter of a mile, ?it toi bush was dense, and we could see no hing of them, so once more we had to camp, thoroughly diegnuted with our luck. Toot night, just after the moon got up, while I wae sitting smoking my pipe, with my baek against a tree, I heard an elephant trumpet, as though something bad steartled it, not three hundred yards away. I was very tired, but my curiosity overcame my weariness, so, without saying a word to any of my ment, all of whom were asleep, I took my eirht'bore and a few spare cartridgep, and steered toward the sound. The game path which we had been following all day ran straight on in the direction from which the elephant had trumpetd. It was narrow. but well trodden, and the light struck down upon it in a straight white line. I crept along it cantiously for eame two hundred yards, when it suddenly onied into a most beautiful glade some two hundred yards or more in width, wherein tall gr .si grew, and flat-topped trees stood eingRy. With the Caution Dorue of long expertaeoe I wa'ohed for n few rooments n.tore I eatersoo 'he el de, and then I rw. why the elephn"n had trumpeted. There in the middle of the clade w'ood a great maned lion. He e'ood quite still, makirg a soft purring noise, an, waving his tail to and fro. Presently tthe arase about forty yarns on the hither side of him gave a wide ripple, and a lioness sprang nut of It like a flash, and bounded noiselosaly. up to the lion. Rahobing him, the great cat hal'ed suddenly, and rubbed her head against his shoulder. Then they both began to purr lon fly, eo I u~ly that I believe that in the stillne's one might have heard them two hundred yarde or more away, After a time while I was still hesitating what to do, either they got a whiff of my wind, or they wearied of standing still, and determined to start io search of game. At any rate, noas though moved by a common impulse, they suddenly bounded away, leap by leap. and v-nished in the depths of the forest to the left. I waited for a little while longer to sae if 'here were any more yellow skins about, and seeing none, came to the con clusloo that the hione must have frightened the elephants away, and that I had had my stroll for nothing. But just as I was turnins back I thought that I heard a bough break upon the further eide of the glade, and, rash as the ant was, I fol lowed the oon n. I crossed the glade as silently as my own shadow. On its further side the path went on. Albeit with many fears, I went ,n .oo. The Jungle growth was so 'bick here that it almost met overhead leaving so small a passage for the light that 1 Sold scarcely see to grope my way along. Presently, however, it widened, and then opened into a second glade slightly smaller tnasn the first, and there, on the fuathar side of is, about eighty yards from me, stood the three enormous elephants. They stood thus : Immedisatly opposite and facing me was the wounded one-tasked hbuttll. He was leaning his hulk against a dead thorn tree, the only one in the place, and looked very ,ick indeed. Near him stood the second bull, as though keeping a watch over him. The third elephant was a rood deal nearerto ime and broadside on. While I was .till staring at them, this elephant suddenly walked off and vanished down a path in the bush to the eight. ' There were now two things to be done either I could go hack to the camp and ad. vance upon the elephants at dawn, or I could a'tsok them at once. The first wase. of coure, by far the wirest and safest course. To en gage one elephant by mo niibht and single. banded is a snfliciently rash proceeding; to tackle three was little short of lunacy. Bat, on the other hand, I knew that they would be on the marcb again before daylight, and tbere might come another dry of weary tradging before I could r·toh them up, or they might escape ma altogether. I No," I thought .to myself " lnotld heart never won fair tusk. I'll risk t, and have a slap at them, But how "' I could not ad. vanes across the open, for they would see me; clearly the only thibng to do was to creep round In the shadow of the bush and try to osme upon them so. So Istarted. Seven or eight minutes of careful stalklun brought me to the mouth of the path down which the third elephant had walked. The other two were now about fifty yards from me, and the nature of the wall of bush was suah that I could not rsee how to get nearer to them with. out being discovered. I hesi'ated and pceped down the path whblch the elephant had followed. About five yards in, it took a turn roond a bush. I thought that I would ju have a look behind it, and advanced, expect' uing that I sbh ald be able to catch a sight of the elephant's tail, As it happened, how ever, I met hise trunk coming round the crner. It is very disconcerting to see an elephant's frank when you expect to see hi tail, and for a moment I stood paralpysed almost under the vast brute's head, for he was not fivSe yards from me. He too halted, having either seen 'r winded me, probably the la tr, and then threw up his trunk and trumpe ed preparatory to acharge. I was in for to now. for I could not esosps either to the right or left, on account of the bush. and 1 did not dare turn my back. So I did the only thing that I could do-riosed the rifle and fired at the black mans of hle chest. It was too dark for me to pick a shot; 1 could only brown it, as it wre. The shot rang out like thunder on the q,'et air, and the elephant answered it with a seream, and then dropped his trunk and stood for a second or two as still as though he had been cut in stone. I confes that I loat mt head : [ ought to have fired my second besrrel, but I did not. Insatead of doing seo, I rapidly opened my rifle, pulled out the old cartbidge rom the right berrland replac d it Bot before I con d snap the breach to, the bull was at me I saw hio great trunk fly up like a brown beam, and I waited no longer. Turning, I fled for dear life. and after me thundered the elphan.?. Right into the open glade I ran, and then, thank Heaven, ojust as he was coming up with me tLe bullet took effect on him. He had been shot righ through the heart, or long% and down he fell with a erash, stone dead. But In escaplng'rom fcylla I hid run Into the jaws of Charybdsle, I heard the elephant fall, and glanced round. StraIght in front of me, and not titreen paces awoay, were the other two balls. They were starlo about,' end at that moment they caubght slht of me. Then they came, the pair of them-came Ike thanderbolta, and from different angles. 1 had only time to snap my rifle to, lilt it, and fre, almost at hapbazsrd, at tbhe hea of the nearest, the unwounded bull. 'Now, as you know, in the conse of the AfrIcan elephant, whose skull Is conveox, and not concave like that of the Indian, this las alwaysre a most risky and very frequently a uerfeoly. useless shot. The bullet loses itself to the masses of none, that is all. Buat there is one little vital place, and should toe oulies happeu to strike there, it will follow he channel of the nostrile--at leaset I suppose t is the nostrilie-and reahob the brain. And bhat was what happened in thin case-the ball struck the fatal epot in the region of one rye and travelled to she braiu. Down came tue great bull all of, a neap, and rolled on to ito e s.e as dead ts a stone. I swung round at that loustan'to face the third, the mo?ster oual wiSh one tusk that I had wounoed awO dav re twnra. Hei wee elre.Ilv almost over Sie, and in the dim moonlight seemed to tuoer abrvo me lthk a hoaoe. I lifted the ,llfe and pulled ao his neck; It would not go . ff 1 Then, in a flash, as it were, I remea .aered chat it was on the half-cock. The lock of this barrel was a little weak, and a few days before, in living at a cow eland, the left barrel had jarred cff at the shock of the discharge of toe right, knooking me hback wards with the recoil ; so after that I had eceps at on the half-cock till I actualfy wanted to fire it. I Rave one desperate bound to the right, and, my lame leg notwithstanding, I believe rtat few wen could have made a better j2omp. At any rate, it was none too eoon, for as I jumped I felt Ithe air made by the tre uena,,uu downward stroke of the moucter's ornak. Then Iran for it. I ran lihke the wind, still keeping hold of my gun, however. My idea, so far as I could nobe said to have any fixed idea, was to bolt down the pathway up which I had come, like a ranbit down a borrow, trusting that he would lose eight of me in thenncertain light. I sped across the glade. Fortunately the Ull, being wounded, could not go full speed ; bias wounded or no, he could go quite as fast as I could. I was'unable to gain an inch, and away we weont, with just Psfouat 3ft. between our separate extremities. "Ve were at the other aide now, and o glanco cgrved to show me that I had miscalculated ahd over shot the opening. To reach it nirw was hopeless; I should have blundered ptraight. into the elephant. So I did the only thing I could do : I swerved like a conurseed hare, and started off round the edge of the glade, seek ing for some opening into Which I could plunge. This gave me a moment's start, for the hull could not turn as quickly as I could, and I made the most of it. But no opening could I see; the bush was like a wall. We were speeding round the edge of the glade, and the elephant was coming up again. No; he was within about Oft., and now, as he trumpeted or rather screamed, I could feel the fierce hot blast of hie breath strike upon my head. Heavens I how it frightened me I We were three parts round the glade now and about fifty yards ahead was the single large dead thorn tree against which the ball had been leaning. I spurted for it; it was my last chance of safety. But spurt as I would, it seemed hours before I got there Patting out my right hand, I swung round the tree, thus bringing myself face to face with the elephant. I had not lime to lift the rifle.to fire, I had barely time to cock it, an t aun sideways and backward, when be woa on to me. Crash I he came, striking thr tree full with his forehead, It anapped like a carrot about forty inchos from the aroond. Fortunately Iwas clear of the trunk, but one of the branches struck me on the hobest as it went down and swept me to the ground. I fell upon my hack, and thb elephant blun dered paset me as I law. More by instinct than anything else I Ii ted the rifle with ore band and pulled the trigger., It exploded, and, a. I afterwards discovered, the bullet struck him in the ihes. But the recoil of the havy rille held thus was very severe ; it bent my arm up, and sent the butt with a had a4sinet the top of my shoulder and the .ids of my neck, for the moment quite p?ral.s'ns, me, asid cauSing the werpon to inmp from my grasp. Meanwhile the bull 0es rnshing on. He travelled for some twenty paec, and then suddenly he stopped Faintly I refleced that he wee coming bhol to finish me, lant oven the prospece of immi. neast and dre.dful teath conli not rouse me into notln, I eat utterly spent; I could not move.. Idly, almost indifferently, I watched his movements. Fir a moment he stood -till, then be trumpteded till the w lkin rang, and then very slowly, and with great dignity, he knelt down. At th!s point I swooned away. When I came to myself again I saw from the moon that I must have been insensible for quite two hours. I was drenched with dew, and shivering all over At first I could not think where I was, when, on lifting my head, I saw the outline of the one.tucked bull'still kneeling some five and twenty y0rdr froti me. Then I remembered. Blowly I raltcd myself, and was immediately taken with a vio!ent aicknesi, the result of over exertion, after which I very nearly fainted a second time. Presently I grew bettor, and considered the position. Two of the elephants were, no I knew, dead t but how shabout No. !I There he knelt in majesty in the lonely moonlight. The quesilon was, was he reet'ng or dead ? I got on my hands and knees, loaded my rifle, and painfully crept a few naces nearer. I could see his eye now, for the moonlight f'l flBl upon it it was open, aud rather prominent. I crouached and watched: the eyelid did not move, ior did the ?reat brown body, or the trunk or the car, or the tail-nothing moved. Then I knew' that be must be dead. I crept up to him, still keeping the rifle well forward, and save him a thump, reflect. ing as I did so bow very near I had been to being thumrod inntead of thbmping. He never stirred. he certainly was dead, though to sthis day I do not know if It was my. random shot that killed him, or if he died from conneusiui of the brain consequent noon the tremendous sbook of hi' contact with the trees. Anybow, there he was. Gold and beautiful he lay, or ra :hr knelt, as the poet neatly pate it. Irndeed, I do not think that I have ever seen a eight more imposing in its way than that mighty beast orounhed in majeetic death, end shone nnorn hy tha nnetl rOnn,. While I setoo admiring t?e whole scene, and heartily cograulat-tng myself upon my escape, I once more begap to frel nick. Ao. cordingly, without waiting to examine the other two bull., I staggered hack to the camp, which in due course I eached in safety. Eaerybhody in it was asleep. I did not wake them but bavine swallowed a mouthful of branly I threw off my coat and shoes, rolled myself up in a blanket, and was soon fast asleep. When I awoke it was already lihbt, and at first I thought that, like Jloseph, I bhad dreamed a dream. At tbha moment, how ever, I turned my hbrad, and qunickly knew that itwasa no dream, for my r rak and face were so stiff from the blow of the hatt end of the rifle that it was. ngony to move them. I collapeed for a minute or two. Gobo and another man, wrapped hip like a' coople of monks in their blankets, thinking that I was still aleel., were crouahbed over a little fire ther bad made, for the morning was damp and chills, and holding sweet converse. GOobo said that bce was etting tired or running after elephants which they never caunbt. Macumasehn (that Il; myself) was without doubt'a man of parts, and of esom skill in shooting,' but also he wars a fool. None but a fool would run so feast and far after elephants, which it wasee imposseeiblo 'So catch, when they kept cn'tlng the spoor of fresh ones. He certainly was a fool, but he most not be allowed to contionue In his folly; and he, Gob, had determined to aot a strp ole. He .hould rbefue to acormpany him any further on so mad a hunt. "Yea," the other answered, "the poor man certainly was esick in his head, and it was quite time that ther checked his folly whil. they still hbad a atlob of skin left upon their feet. Mooreover, bhe for his part ortainly tild rotlike this country of Wambes, whiabch really was full of ghosts. Only the last night he had heard the spooks at work-they were on' shooting, at least it sounded as though they were. It was very ue0er; but perhaps their lunatio of a master "OGobo, you ecounoidrel l" I sbonted aout at this Jouotore, sittinr bolt upright on the blanketV. "sltop idling there and nake me ems coffer Up sprung Gobo and his friend, snd in half a moment were rospeatfully skipping about in a manner that contrasted well with a lordly contempt of their previous onvereation. But all the same they were in earnest In what they sald abnout hunting the elephante any further, for before I had finished my coffee they came to me in a body, and said that if I wanted to follow those elephanets I msr5 follow them by mysolf, for they would not I ! I suend with them and affeated to be moucb put out The elephants were elone at hand, I said, I was tare of it; I had heard them trumpot In the nlabt. "Yea," nsevered the men. myslterionsty, "they, too, had heard thingse In the night things not nlos to hear; they had heard the spoohke out shooting, and no longer would they remain in a country so ilily haunted ' "It wae DOneense," I replied. "If lhocets went out shootlng, surely they would ne air.guans and not black powdr, and one would not hear an air nno Well, ir:;bey were cowards, and would not come, of coured I could not force them to, but I would msake a bargain with them, iThey should followehons elephants for one half-bour more, then if we failedto come upon them I would abandon the pursuit, and we would go, .straight to Wambe, chbiefof the Matdk,.and'kgive him hongo." To this comprom;ee the men readily agreed. Accordingly ab nt half an hour later we struck our camo and started, and ntibwith standing my aches and bruises, I do notthink that I' ver te It better spirits in my life, It is somethllag to wake up to the morning and remember that in the dead of night one has, eiogle-handed, g veu battle to and overthrown th re ntshe large..re'Ph.bante i. Africa. elaying them with three holet'. Such a f-at bad never to my knowledgo beeu done before, and on that par'l'unar morning I felt a very " tall man of my'hands indeed. The only thing that I teared was that should I ever come to tell the story nobody would believe it, for when a strange tale is told by a hunter people are apt to think it is necersarily a lit, instead of being only probably so. Well, we pessed on tilt, having crossed the first glade where I had seen the lions, we reached the neck of bush that separated i' from the second glade, where the dead el-phants were. And hero I began to take elaborate proca?tlons, amongst others order ing Onho to keep some yards ahead and look ont sharo, as I thought that the elephants might be about. He obeyed my instruct ove wish a superior smile, and pushed ahead, Presently I saw him pull up as though he had been shot, and begin to foaintly snap his fngers. " What is it ?" I whispered. " The elephant, the great elephant with one tusk kneeling down " I crept up beside him. There! knelt the ball as I had letr him last night, and there too lay the other bulls, "Do these elephants sleep ?Y" I whispered to the astoni.hed Gobo. * Yes, Macumazaho, they sleep." " Nay, Goho, they are dead " " Dean? How can they be dead? Who killed them?" " What do people call me, Gohn ?" " They call you Macorsemhn " " And what does Mecurr,?zrbn mean ?" "It means the man who keepe his eyes open, the man who aots up its the n"lbs." "Yes, and I am that man. Look, you idle, Inzy coward ; whilu you slept last night I rose, tand al-np I bunted those great elephants, end slew them by the moonlisht To each of them I Rave one.bultet and only one, end it fell dead. Look." and I advanced into the glade, "here is my spoor, and bhere is the spoor of the great bull charging cfte me, and there is the tree that ' took refuge behind ; sea, the elehubant shattered it in bhi charge. Oh, you cowards, you who would give op the obase while the blood spoor steamed beneath your noetrils, see what I did singlihsnded while yen slept, and be ashamed." " Oi 1" said the men, "on I Koos I Knoo y omcool I" (Obief, great Chief I, And then they held their tongues, and going op to the hbre dead beasts, gesed upon'them in tilened. But after 'hat those men looked upon me ,ith awe as b-irg almost more than mortal. No mere man, they sald, could have slain those three elephants alone in the night-time. I never h"d any further trouble wIth them. I believe that if I had told them to jump over a precipice and shat they would take n'. herm, they would have believ:d me. Well, I went up and eztmined the bulls Suoh ousks as they had I never saw end never uhlll see agaia. It took no all day to on them out; and when" they reached Delaeoa Bay, as they did niltressrrly. though not in my k-epina, the ait.gl tusk of the h'g bull scated one hundred and sixty vundis, and the fi,'u other tusks averaged ninetyuini and a half pnund--s most woriderful, indeed an almon unprecedented, lot of Ivory. Unfortunately I w-s fuored to oaw the big tusk in two, other wise we could not have carried it. 