? GHOSTS OS THE OCEAN. In the twenty years of my seafearing life I bad two experiences with haunted ships. The term may provoke a smile, but if there arc haunted houses why shouldn't there be haunted ships? As to the question of the supernatural, I may or may not be a believer. I will give you the incidents just as they occurred, and if you can explain everything satisfactorily to yourself I shall be gratified. An English brig called the Charles, in making her first voyage from Liverpool to Boston, had Bome trouble with her crew, and in putting it down the captain sbot a sailor named Jack Wallace. Jack lived about an bonr after being hit, and he cursed the captain high and low, and he vowed by all that was good that he would-haunt the brig as long aa the floated, I'm blessed if he didn't begin the haunting buBiness that very night, creating an alarm which made even the first mate shake in his boots. On getting into Boston every man but the second mate deserted her. She loaded her cargo, shipped another crew, and on the way over to Jingland Jack* ghost kicked up such a row that the men were for taking to the boats m mid- t further than yeu would iiiagme, eyeu without the help of the newspapers, aud Jack Tar wi'l not iE.il ia a hiu^tei thip for any man's mouev. The brig reached NViv Orlean? after a long passage, und had LCiiiuiiy been tied to tha Yvhart v.hcn everybody deserted her, the ca'itatn £oiag with the rest. There was a K-^l'ii' Ela:r.{-tde, and the vessel r.'as L-ft in. the buiids^cf ti e consignees at the drop of tl-cimfc. J found her two weeks after this with her load of cotton all isboard and h~r : sniis bent for taii .v. Her old crew had I t-iiked mors or le..s, and doatie wages were j bdng fliyred for a crew. Fii*t mate's place j VTES cCored me, while an English sea captiiu ' hid como down f-orn Kevp Y'.r'rf, We re- j furded the ghost business aa all non'-ense, | act! were prcpind to grappl* wU'a p.ny sivri: : or invf-stifrttc a.i.y mystery. By cur o.vu j ptvfor t-lioita v.e finally picked up a ere, i ceitirc held of me;) lure aad there, who ha'! ' jiut ccir.e into pert irom long voyages and : heard nothing to tha brig'e prejudice. Pre dropped do;vn the river atid not to ee.i wkhcul; a sir<£le failor havir.g heard anything, r.uil of course none if thern was looking for the mysterious. We were well out to sea Ltiore night cf the first day, and when 1 can e on deck at midnight to stand my watch there was a steady breeze and a moderate sea, and the captain's watch had had an easy time of it. The men of my watch took a pall at a brace here and there, aud inside of a quarter of an hour all except the lookout were stowed away here and there to catch cat naps. £ was pacing the deck with everything very quiet below and aloft, when my attention was attracted to the sight of a sailor coming aft. I was on the starboard quarter, and he came along down close to the portrait, and made as if to go to the wheel. His footsteps gave out no sound, aud he came along with a sort of elide I never could describe. It waa a breach of discipline for a foremast hand to appear on the quartc-r-deck without a snecial errand or without saluting, and when I saw thie man making his way along the quarter toward the man at the wheel it Btruck me that he was walking in his sleep. 1 picked up a rope's end and started for him, but he glided ahead like a shadow, passed within two feet of the man at the wheel, and went out of Bight like fa flash. Next instant the sailor let go of the spokes of the wheel and staggered about, and the brig would have come up into the wind had I not jumped for the whee4. I jelled out and raised an alarm, and tbe moa threw a buoy over and we presently stopped our way and made ready to lower a boat. It was then discovered that no one was missing. Every man aboard of that craft wae there to answer to his name. The captain eet out to give me a keelhaulirg for creating such an alarm, but I took him aside, called to the sailor who had seen all, and we to'd our story in a way which put the old man into a pickle. While he had to believe us he wouldn't believe in the surernatural, and no man could have been ir.ore uneasy. " Hi-re is v.-;>sit 1 is. f ir," r^;;,-!;ci! the for.- irntf- hand -vh. 1; at.-.' ; <'.ir hi 1 «cr?icu «' tiis luattci. "I iiiiuk I bsw the cpjok btrfjrc ' Mr. TtnipledW. I Ui .iijrht it wae one of the ! niec ci_mmc bj.kto 'i.tlie .1 report to him, but when 1 tsw him b. off ti purt aud saw 1 Mr. Ttmpln start ft-r i»!m, I believed it was ! a esse-i<1 8l<.<*p-*'bik.£,g. The thing came so j cloKe ti:Kt 1 ci.'iil.'l l-.iivo toucher! it, aud there was a trcjc'i of dr- ad fi.slis about it. There was a sailor lo.'k to t.i-i face—it Heing a youngish chin—and hie two hands were • claPiiL-d oJi h;.-i hide like this. He fetched a i sort ot groan aa he pissed me, au 1 he went o> t r the £ttru au sol'iiy as 2. leaf fills to the cixuijd, had without a spl.isn. TTflie is a I haunted craft, sir, aiid I yive" j " Shut up !" hitsiHt the ca^t-un. " Tell ma that RFC-ain bud I JI ciap in irors." " Bi;fc who was it, hit?" j " JJotii of you were dreaming, and if I hear | any more oi ix somebody will hear from me." ] Ht further n quested that nothing be said ! to the men, and although he tried to make lijilit of the matter I tnev that he was . deeply puzzled. The sailor was as good as his premise, and said nothing, and nothing further happeLed until the third night. The eecond mate, as you may know, is really in charge of the captain's watch, and this officer (Mr. Graves} was on duty, and the time was 11 o'clock, with my watuh »1! below, when something happened. His watch had just been trimming tbe yards, and could not therefore be charged with dreaming. All of asudden a figure appeared among them. It •was tbo first seen at the soot tie butt, and -one of the men, who was after a drink of water, spoke to it under tbe impression that ii was one of his shipmates. It glided away, and at the came moment his nostrils were greeted with such an odcur that he cried out in disgust. Tic strange figure was seen by four'mec of tbe watch as it glided to a point a few feet abaft the foremast, and there stood for two or three -minutes with hands pressed upon its side, and its body waving to and fro. A man of the name of Will Ketch—a chap who had never feared man j or devil—called cut to the mysterious ' JlfTFOBSge— "If you are playing a trick on us look out ! for yocreelf." j With that he picked up a bucket, or belay- : ing pin, or weapon cf sowe sort which was bandy by, and gave it a fling at the figure, • and the mysterious personage vanished at the | snap of your linger. There was a row which j brought us all on deck, and now the fact that there was a mysterious something aboard the brig could no longer be concealed. The captain rav-ad and blustered, but themen had eeen what they had seen, and it was no nee to browbeat them. The watch below refused to turn in again. The captain undertook to drive vet them Bern at at tne the muzzle muzzle ot of his his revol revolver, and t h £y threatened to jump overboard. ! . lh 5 e j n l y *> e a haunted house m a neighpacrhcod, but no one fears it unless he passes l t - Here waB a ship believed to be haunted, and yet no one could get away from it. I cocfees that things did look at least" queer" to me, and while the captain Doohpoohed and talked in a loud voice, I realized that he was a bit shaky. Mr. Graves also blustered j about, sweariDg at the men and advising a ? dose of belaying-pin to cure their nonsense, i and when the captain told him to turn in he ! went down to his berth with a laugh and a j swagger. Three minutes later he returned to wfls us with n full a minrte face as hAfnni white as hn chalk, p.finln aad use* hiH it tongue to stammer out, " The—the thing is in the cabin !" ' Without a word in reply we descended | the companion with him—trie captain going 1 first, 1 next, and Mr. Graves bringing up the rear. As we passed along the hall and j Xiuehed open the cabin door the figure of a ' man could be made out on the far side of the } cabin, where the shadows were darkest. It J was aB plain as any human figure could be, though we could not make out the face and j other details. We stared at it for ] half a minute, acd then the captiiu t pclled his revolver and banged away, j There was a sort of groan following ; his shot, and when the smoke cleared away j we took a light and eearched in vain for traces of our mysterious visitor. He had | departed. It was confessed to the owners ] and to the Press that the officers and crew j of that bri? slept on deck every night after j that until the end of the voyage. Indeed ! there were only two sailors among the crew j who would venture into tbe forecastle in the daytime, and the steward could not have been kept in bis place except by threats. We were ridiculed and laughed at as a crew, but it is a matter of history that the Charles never made another voyage. She could not get a charter, nor could she have got a crew u she bad, and after rotting in ordinary for a couple of years she was knocked to pieces. My second experience was on the ship Homeward. I shipped on her at Liverpool j for a voyage to the Cape of Good Hope and i return. I had not set eyes on her, and knew j ber only by name when I went aboard with | my traps. I had a first mate's berth, and . understood that the officer filling that place ! bad been taken suddenly ill two days before the ship was ready to sail, and I had to hustle away without making enquiries. As I approached her I encountered a man | skulking away, and believing him to be a deserter I reached out for him. I got his collar, but he broke my hold, and as he ran ] away I heard him say:— { "Aye, but I'd sooner sail the sea in a ' coffin." I gave this remark little attention, even when I found out aboard that he was actually a deserter. He was one of six men who had ] come off to the ship in the morning, and nobody could tell «vhy he had cut sticks. We had a pretty good idea three or four days later. There were only five men aboard when I climbed over the rail—only fire sailors. The cook and steward were there, as also a cabin boy, but the captain was ashore, and no one could tell me whether a second mate had been shipped or not. About midnight the shipping agents sent me eleven or twelve men, everyone of them helplessly ai auk, and a little later on came the captain. He had been drinking heavily, and after trying to tell me his name and failing to understand mine, he went to hiB cabin with the order that I should call him at 6 o'clock. We were all ready to warp out, the work of only half an honr from our berth, and the tide would not j serve until midforenoon. I appointed a ehipkeeper and turned in myself, but the drunken fellows were bound to have their farewell carouse, and I got no _ sleep fi- rml„i, nj_ hl than half ofthpm j Iny ^ next mo^g in < the Ehip cut, Tne captain ^ ^ 0Q £ ec| and sailors act like fools." 1 had my mouth open to ask what stories were in circulation regarding the Homeward v.heji the captain, whose name was R&biuscn;, gave me an crder atid walked away. The fcecnnd mate, who seemed to ] have been on a Eprec with the men, came up ai:d introduced hiinsclf. Kis name was 1 Aiideison, a^d he a Qlo2ized for his orescnce 1 by sayicg— j " I hung out to the very last, hoping to pet another ship, but I hud to tuts the berth, 1)3 ycu think they aie ver? baa i' " What?" " The Rhosts." "Isthi!: a haunted ship?" " Didn't you know it wsis? They say she has been desert* 1 '' i'~> every port, and that sa^ cVangee caputs every trip, but oerhap? it is only £:>!::•£ fciik. I i.sspo we sb»li li»va BO trouble, sir." zz.<1 ml bar.<:«, or who wuiv oi aay use, at enee fe-.aa warping the ship out, and before noon we were on our ivayoat. After we v.tre fairly off the men began to knock themselves together, the captain aud second mate acted like different men, and when the watches were set I had forgotten the words dropped by Mr. Anderson. He was a ihorouph sailor and fall of discipline, and one would have judged by his face that he had great force of character. .Nothing occurred to create an alarm for three days. Then, one night during my watch, a man in the captain's watch, who was below, came on deck and said to me:— " Mr. Temple, it must be that we have a Stowaway aboard. We have heard groans and sighs and sobs for the last two nights, and seme of the men declare that the ship is haunted. There comec 'he wat?h, sir, driven out by the noises. Won't you please make a search ?" It was true that every man in the Captain's watch had tumbled up, and I knew that they must be badly frightened to thus exhibit themselves. 1 took a long look at the weather, saw that everything was fair, and then descended to the forecastle alone. Not a man dared to follow ir.e down there. I wasn't even nervous. If there were groans and cries they must come from some poor devil who had secretcd himself in the hold, and who was now ill and starving. £ had only reachcd the foot of the ladder when I felt the touch of an icy hand on my face, and next instant my hair was on end. Some one was pighing, groaning and weeping. The sounds did not come from any one direction. At one moment they seemed to come from the very eyes of the ship, and the next they were heard at the bulkhead which divided the place from the hold. I felt, too, all the time as if somebody was moving about me, and I put np my hand to prevent my throat being clutched, I frankly admit to you that I was scared, but I was determined not to show my feelings to the men, and as I went on deck again I carelessly said to them :— " The noises come from the hold. Some one bas stowed himself away, and we'll have him out to-morrow," I left it v. i 1>1 -tV.c-m to no back or remcAa o deck, aiiii t cue of t*!i*in, not yet a nun in 11 y own v.;ich, would lit-low until daylight cun-.c, ivbfii, strange to buy, the noises died entirely ;.v. ,iy. The captain a:id Mr. Auder- EOii bovh e-.r.- that something was wrong as j they came f.a dtck. The captain received I ti e ruiv, s very quietly, asking a question now ; aud then, and « hen 1 had finished he replied: • > " Wry well, eir, after the rren have had \ their breakfast we will search the hold." We had one, but it was fruitless of result. It was thorough enough to convince us that no person was hidden away. The ciptiin j hud very little to say, eeemirig, as 1 thought, greatly distressed in mind, but I finally brought Mr. Anderson over to agree with me j that the coiees were tirodnced by the rub- j bing of the cargo, though why we should not hear them iu the daytime as well I could not explain. The noises began about 9 o'clock the next nif;ht. Both Mr. Anderson and myself went down and listened to them; but we could not prevail npon :>.)•- captain to accompany us. Before 10 o -i jcit toe men were in Buch a state of trepida:! .ii that it was hardly pos- Bible to separate them to do duty, and an hour later, when i went into the cabin to consult with tbe captain, he looked at me in the queerest manner, and said— " Mr. Temple, we must go back to Liverpool. This ship is haunted, and if we pursue tbe voyage we are lost." With that he burst into tears and went off to his stateroom aud locked hiaieelf in. It was a hard position to find rojself in, for 1 now believed that the captain had gone daft, and tbe second mate was so rattled that hia advice was no good. I determined to hold the ehip on her course, however, aud she was pursuing it when, at 2 o'clock in the morning, the captain suddenly rushed on deck and sprang overboard with ayell. and though we laid the ship to and lowered a boat we found no trace of him. I then put the ship S:bout and carried her into Liverpool, and it was the loBt voyage she ever made. - 1 ! 