CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. For some years it has been proposed to build a new Bible Christian Church at Mount Torrens, The proposal has now taken praotioal form, and a tender has been accepted for the work. On Saturday last his Honor the Chief Justice visited Mount Torrens to lay the memorial-Btone, and the usually quiet town* ship was quite enthusiastic over the matter, flags appearing across the road with floral arohes bearing " Welcome" inscriptions. The Chief Justice in a characteristic speech dwelt on the beauties of rural life around Mount Torrens, and spoke of the great interest Mb esteemed father, the late Rev. James Way, felt in Mount Torrens, He felt that asking him to lay that memorial-Btone was an "hereditary honor." The committee presented his Honor with a trowel. On the platform were representatives of moBt of the neighboring churches, viz, the Revs. W, Diment, 6. Potts, J. Sexton. J, Thorne, J, Trewin, besides leading residents. Afterwards a luncheon and tea were provided, The total SroceedB of the day amounted to nearly £60, Ibis, with £200 previously promised in sub scriptions, will greatly aid the committee in their determination to open the new structure free of debt. One of the best sites in the town ship haB been given; some have given labor, , Btone, bricks, wood, or other requisites. The second annual floral and industrial exhibition in connection with the Flinders street Baptist Sunday-school was held in the lecture hall of the church on Thursday even ing. The flowers and pot plants which were arranged on tables around tna sides and down the centre of the building were in excellent condition considering the dry weather we have bad lately. There was a flue display of pastry, ' which seemed to be the favtrite attraction of the juveniles. Mr. Tuck rendered some choica esJectioDB on the piano during the evening to a very good attendance. A few present were in fanoy dress. Praise is due to Mr. Aston, the ccoretaiy. - who had the management of the affair, which passed off very succesa'ullj. The Catholic Monthly for November states: —The 6teamer Salazie, which arrived on October SO, brought to Adelaide the Rev. J. B. MoMahon, who was recently ordained at St. Charles' College, Bathurst, for this arch diocese. Father McMahon is a native of Dublin, He made, his preliminary studies in his native city, and subsequently at Mount Mellary, and his theological course at All Hallows Missionary College, where his health became so delicate that a warmer and more genial climate was recommended. The arch bishop called bim to Australia, and placed him in the Diocesan Seminary of Bithurat to com plete his course. His health is fairly established, and he will remain pro tern, attached to city duties. In a few days the Ormuz will bring to our shores several Sisters of Nazareth to sustain the poor, the orphan, and the penitent; the IKedemptoiiat Fathers, who will make Baffarat a centre, to assist as auxiliaries to the secular clergy in the responsibilities of the care of souls; and the fathers of the Congregation of the Holy Ghost to found a college in whioh to train young Levites for the service of the altar. The cardinal delegate follows in the Orient, with his clerical staff considerably augmented to increase and perfeot the work so happily and rapidly extended in the few years of bis residence in New South Wales. 