FOUL t .e A WATEBRSOUT. The following parn ie told In the, Daily Telegraph' to t A Seafarer' by ' hi friend. the Seon0 d Mate :-'The ablef mate was a cheerful little Welshman-cod rest his i ouo--one of the most intelligent seamen I cas ever aessooiated with, with as tender a heart as ever beat under a velvet waistcoat, and eyes so bright that I'd sometimes think Sr.hat the re dnees that tinged them was nothing but the scorchieg of the skin by the Ct fla.!:i of his gzee. We were vry gcc. G friends,both of aratherpoeticaltnrn of mind, 0 no very great rarity amongstseamen, though a the conformedly strained manliness of the r sailor makes him feel sheepish even to be suspected of a romantlo humoor now and e again. The skipper hovered about till 10, s then went below. I joined the mate, and a we fell to quietly pacing the dedk, talkingof aniything.h b the weather and the heat, alhd Ithe calm, being saik of the things. No, sir, I our conversation went to oonsideration of * she , ort of times we were to expeot at d Calcutta' and I was in the midst of telling him that I was thinking Sseerlonuly of looking out for amates berth at board a counootry wallab, swhre the month's ,, wage sounded tall in the shape of rupees, w when he Interrupted me by coming all o• a d sudden to a dead stand, whilst he cried in a at tragi voice thee. was scarce more than a Shoare whisper, pointing with a little arm as he spoke: * My Gad, what i that i' Hi f oreftinger indicated a space of dusk that lay like an ink-stain upon the night that wee dark as the se-line everywhere else was; and in the heart of this peueliar morky [ blotch I observed what looked to me to be ra two fine lines of flame close together, forking at out of the tes, and lengthening upwards as Id one watched with a kind of tbrobbing pallor ad whence they proceeded, though thiseast was at very oelive, and noticeable only when the 1 sight went a little to the right or Ilt of it. SHush I' said 1, after straining my hearing a moment, whilst the mate stood watching stoekatill, as though spellbound. ' Do you Shear it?' The nolie I meant, whiob, though re faint, was audible enough amid the pauses j, of the flapping canvas on high. Think of a r kettle boiling in a room next to the one you d are seated in, and that will be the character in, of the noise I heard. As I spoke there was es a flash of lightning right betwixt the two fine Hoes of Ore, and the wild glare threw ii 11out the ponderos folds ol a great eloud Sbnging, lke masses of smoke arrested and t presee down, abovthee estrange and ever td growinglomioou stalks, 'A waterspout-two if them, it looks like,' oried the mate. 'Hw d does it travel ! Why, by all that's preolon, t If its growth signifes its course, it's heading at direct for the barque.' Hi vehemeat ex as otamations startled the men who had stowed I heamselves away about the decks for a p?a ia and you saw BlItting of dusky figures to a the rail, and oaught a note of alarm in the ta halfsmothered growl of voloes which came 4 along. Saving, always, the swing of the s well, the barque lay as dead on the sea as a v lightship, not an inch of way on her; so rn that there was nothing possible to be ft done in the way of manc vring. ' But of waterepoots don't shine,' Wried I, to the a. mate. 'Yes, yes,' he answered, 'yonder to does, anyhow. ' It the phosphorous , in the water. I have seen such things again t' and again, glowing as though they had got ar, streak ot lightning stowed away in their coll.' He consioned to look ; then, with an , Oasth, he cried out pasiooately thet the i ppearance was heading for us. and, with a he bonod, gained she companion, down which he a. bolted, resuring aftir a few breathless e moments followed by the captain, who rose of eut of the hatbh like a ghost, habited in his n' shirt and drawers only. Believe me or i not as you will, but what I'm going to tell you is as true as that 1, who walk iby your aeide now, am a living man. ibo'fire t lnctured stalks, as I will call thesm, had td thickened with Incredible rapidity, and io looked 500ft. high, distant as they yes were. ad There was a oenstant p!ay of ligitning over mn them, sometimes very fleece and brilliant, 'o with sharp oracks of thunder, whose rover. h berations rolled over the polished undula. \- oine of the water, with a sound of heavy dbowls hurled along a resonant wooden stags. ,e The ecagnation around made the eight of that small rotating luminous tempest as 'k wonderful se it was frightful, Every 't moment height.ned the roar of the boiling at its base, end the indeeoribable yelling of u the oiroular rweeptog of the wind of this w narrow tempest. Some of the men beat with a handspikee furiously upon the rcuttle to a arouse the watch below., I steood watching, r scarce dia ing a breath, captain and mate ' beside me, abosi silent. Indeed, there was ih nothing to be done. We migit, perhaps, have fired a gun, but we hadn'teasuch a thing d aboard. The oourse of the spoot was easily re to be pathered by the sharpening of bo the mystioal goldenflree whichb illuminated cl the ,evolrvinir columnsie, end by the whiting upon the tight of the bed of foam out of which those vwas liquid trunooks grow, and by the increasing uproar of the maddened and ecething mam of spume and of the thunder blaets over.it following each jagged, barbed re lightning stroke with continuous detona. In lone, comparable only to broadside after at hrosdsid, delivered from a four.decked line. e of-hattle ship. The spout came aung slowly -if a single, sput it were--with its two i laming limbs and one dense head of et vapour. There was a bit of hope to be I gos out of this, for it might break d end prl-b ere is reeohed us. The captain i: ced, ' My Gd I what shall we do? How fast is It travelling, think you, Mr Morgan T SEight miles in the hour-no faster, sir,' n crluked the meste in the voloe of a men o sentenced to death. 'It'll be aboard e I' , roared some forward .rddenly in a panfoal , way, and the cry was instantly followed by a frantic rush aft of ebadows as the figures of abhe men looked. But the boat-wain of dhe barque, whose tones I recognised, cried ut, ' Jump for sheler, my lads I tjmp for shelter I Down with you d nder deck, or there'll he ne'er a life ) left to explain what hurt the ship; on whioh ' many of the men sprang a forward again, the captaln saying d noehing, and the mate semote as I, for the lightning was orackling over our heads now, and the barque was plungring pon the heavy sea, Hlng in advance by the commotion, though there was not a breath of air yet. as I live to tell i1, and the spout almoser r within pistol shot Well,I onu only speak of myself now, for whet followed waslike a ' horrible highamare, from whiobh you starI wish the blood thribck in your vels, without being able to retall a feature of the terror that awoke you. The mad Impulse one gao a from the sighs and sooed of.be lbseo, andi Its horrible snoompnimentrs of whisesas at a fo and blackness overhead, was for shelter, I and my fBrat spring we for the ocmpsanlon, d with a moy to the ap'isinad male to follow I me. I w ocarce four steps down when rhere happened. a shook as tIougbgh so earehqeake right under the keel of the barque had torn her into taers, JIts for c one inlltant my ear caught the inerpreselble 11 hellish clamouo of tone of sweeplog water, a of spars anapping like ipelptems-then r wash; hcbe companlon way waes Billed In a p breath, and doan I went, swept along and Into losenailblilicy by a flood thasi was asmlll 1 Nigara allt son its way for weight, Of oonrea I waeso't drowned; of course I regained oensolousness but thabt was not so wondeful as that I should have orawled ot of he cabln like a sosked ?p fIerce, a eaa men with every oose tant in |5 him, instead of s grinnnlg and gibterieg h Idiot. £ gained the deck. The night warn brethlesse, No eougd came off the resan, 'I thnugh the bhorizon hung blank all eround as a before. l took me a while to reeq end then/ I observed tbht the b rqlqs was dimsmtd. Il The shadow of her deck atretabed out before o me, a sheer balk I There were figures - moving here end there. I bhlloed, and mosat of them oame aft. Bot ,theys were all too stopefld to aneser quve. tinos ; they muattered in a dased way. Who wars mielngl What hsd ;,append mlss bhen that the barqoe as had been stripped to the wulontl on f a 'eked bhll.was not to be gatheren CIId the dawn eams. Blt before 'he light broke we o had reliled th o ly to ma -sthn spomp . Ne r did the on rise upon a more pitIable , 8gb the the berejue mada; shree ta been;a whnole wildernea of wreakage over she tide; bowsprit 'a Mote, wol Wole laof pg t bulwark muashed 1at," deok hose. glley. loa boat, quarter botse-aMl Vanlhad. The oaptlio and the poor fellow who had been at the wheel were. mluting; their fate nseaed no ..gessing. Bow we found the body of the mate, cruelly b4ols d and barely distinguishable a human rorm, ly?g under a mass of ler. Well, to end the yarn, for 's nearly told, we passed three days of desperate p?mpine, for the vraeel took In water as though her bottom bed been a grating, and 'twas pomp or sink, for we were without a boat. Bot on the morning of he fourth day a steamer hove Io dight, spied us, and came alongelde. She was just in timo ; we were mere spectres. with the strength of auoh thioges and I belleve II th next relief of the pumpe had teen called thero would have been no answer." 