ATHLETICS. Sasdall t. Masking.— Anticipating a great contest between the now well-known New Zealand boxer, B. J. Sandall and W, Manning, who was announced as being possessed of more than ordinary science, a big house was seen at Foley*s Athletic Hall last eveuine. The knowledge that each man was in dead earnest was quite enough to draw the public Prior to the important event there were two contests of three rounds each, which were eminently satisfactory. Ivesavd Stewart were the first couple, and gave a rattling exhibition, clever and ' willing,' for which they were loudly applauded. Stewart's condition failed him towards the finish, but his tough-looking amd hardy opponent treated him leniently. The previous vigor shown quite accounted for weakness of a poor- conditioned man at that stage. The second bont was Detween mat clever young boxer, Abe Aitken, and a pupil. The latter went to work in the liveliest manner from the jump, showing truly surprising profici ency for one who was a novice a few months ago. He warmed Abe np considerably in the first round ; but the cool, quiet opposition of the latter worked its effect, and the energetic amateur had pretty well worked himself out when time was finally called. The numerous friends of Sandall and Manning, as well as the rest of the public, showed excitement as they entered the ring. After a brief preliminary spar, Sandall led with the left, getting home, and followed with a round arm right, also scoring. 'Manning showed feeble defence and emulated the tactics of a Trench dancing Master, as he Btipped nervously away from his antagonist. He made one or two futile attempts to guard and return, but was go helpless that nobody present thought he had a ghost of a chance after the first minute. Thanks to Sandall's clemency he struggled through the first round. In the aecond he fell twice, but whether really knocked down or not was doubtful each. time. He appeared loth' to rise after the first; and declined altogether the second time, and the wretched fiasco terminated amid loud derisive laughter from those who expected to see a boxing consest. The worthy proprietor of the hall is deserving of pity for having been gulled into the belief that such an earnest, good man as Sandall would be opposed by some thing near his mark, instead ot by a man whe was so thoroughly helpless. 