GALLERY NOTES. In the House, as m the country, things are getting worse and worse, and the sorry, sickly dullness drives the scribe from bad to verse. Who could write a chirpy column with an ice-chest for a seat ? Who could lightly trip a measure with a burden on his feet? Who could smile when all are dismal? Who could laugh when none are gay ? Not the writer of this column, for he's built another way. Give us Hensou laughing loudly, let our Hutchison guffaw, drawj,us Dangar ha- ha-ha-ing till he dislocates his jaw. When the Speaker's sides are aching with the fun ho sees around ; or when two excited speakers maul each other on the ground ; when the air is full of busi ness and the floor is thick with hair, boots and coat-tails intermingling, we are on it —we are there. But this solemn, dreary, dismal, lachrymosish sort of thing makes us very weary — we are saddest when w9 sing. Why, we ask, should we be silent if " our country's lyres are mute;" let us rob our neighbour's gardens if our own trees yield no fruit ; if our speakers will wax prosy and are e'en averse to verse, we will touch our harp of silver— they are prosy we'll be terse. If a calm precedes a tempest, and & hush denotes a storm, there's a typhoon in the distance and we'll get it strong and warm; for the atmosphere is thickening in the Legislative sky, and there'll be a heap of trouble in the early by and by. Every evening vague allusions seem to dimly in dicate that our Ministerial system is a healthy syndicate, and that job3 of various sizes aro_ being worked ou every hand by the patriotic rnlcrs of this sunny southern land. Though it must be here conceded, be it fully understood, they explain that every action is for their country's good. Land resumptions, tramway-leasing, con tract-letting, all is straight, and if some aro benefited they attribute that to fate. Who can interfere with Fortune ? Who can win her fav'ring glance? Not the Farkes Administration — if they do not get the chance. If they do — well, who can blame them— butcher, baker, saint or snob ? They are human, and for money they are gaily " on the job." Burns and Bnrdett's subdivision, Abby'o land at Narabeen, Garrett's sub- Pacific section for his coal mine sub marine; these were lucky speculators, nothing less — they say, no more — and the story perhaps is truthful, for they've told it oft before. And in each and every instance they can trace the hand of fate, for the gods bless Farkes and party, that the country may be great. " On the job." This slang expression seems to oft convey a donbt that; when, in the game of bluffing, sundry players know "what's out;" or, to put it rather plainer, the expression, by the mob, when an act is slightly shady the promoter's "on the job." Thus the Pre mier's latest motion re vice-regal rulers here, seems to hint when one is wanted in the southern hemisphere there's a looal Barkis willin' who would steer the coach of State, for the same consideration, that the country may be great. Not to gratify ambition, not to fill his empty fob, not to— anything wbicb savours of his being "on the job." Not for lucre, not for glory, none of theso wonld tempt at all ; but a modest man is waiting, and he hears his country call. And 'twas very easy guessing, from the Premier's few remarks, that the fittest man to govern New South 1/7 ales is Henry ParkeB. ' Is onr Eddy insufficient, did we over rate his worth, that a party must be started on a journey round the earth, seeking further information how our rail ways maybe run? Was our "Goody" sacked for fanoy, and our " Eddy " got for fun? £1500 and exes. ! and a trip to home and back, jnst to see how faster engines run along a broader track. This is what the Premier wishes, and he gave his wishes voice, and it now remains for Eddy to resign or to rejoice. If he's purely automatic, worked by Ministers at will, of what use is all his knowledge, all his tact, or half his skill ? If another man is wanted just to skirmish round the earth, halving high official duties with a pic-nic time of mirth, picking up the latest notions in a lightsome sort of way, on a good colonial basis of a five pound note a day j what we want to know is this thing, and we'll ask it if we burst, " Why did not tho folks who chose him get the proper man at first?" Is another job in pro gress ? Is a billet to be made, just to pacify some section of whioh Parkes is perhaps afraid ? We do not know; how can we ? We are not let in the swim, but whoever gets thelofllce there's a rosy job ' for him. Though we may bo benefited' by the money to be spent, yet the benefit is tenfold to the party who is sent. And we'll learn perhops hereafter that we've spent colonial pelf, just to qualify our agent for a billet for himself. Mr. Melville, who has always got some little thing to say, told a story of a spectre which resides at Little Bay, scaring dumb men from their muteness till they find their voice and talk, making " those erstwhile incurable got out of bed and walk. In the still and solemn mid night, when the graves give up their dead, and the twinkling stars are winking in the azure overhead ; when the mopoke'e mournful calling "mingleB with, the surf's soft moan — then the ghost puts on his sheeting, and goes oarefhlly alone. And he's raising Cain and Abel, in a ghastly sort of way, breaking horses in the. building for' the siok at Little Bay. Riding nightmareB, stealing physio, playing up on every hand, like a most un christian spectre in this truly Christian land. And ths member for the miners asked the Premier, would ho say if a ghost of such a temper should not clear from Little Bay. On the question of oath-making, Mr. Lee desired to state that he thought it but his duty a new bill to promulgate, by whioh perjury committed anywhere or anyhow wonld be binding on the party who com mitted it— as now. And moreover, not withstanding what a certain act might say, ho would fix it so the perjurer could never get away, by empowering any jus tice of the peace, who was around, to take steps to hide the party where he'd easily be found.. But the House was quite against him, and he let the subject slide. Well, no law will check false-swearing ; lawyers know—for Moses tried. On the Bulh Fund allotment Melville had another say, talking widows' wants and orphans' in a most distressing way; telling tales of bitter sorrow till the Pre- mier's eyes grew dim, and his own were somewhat misty— not uncommon that with him. As he clutched a paper cutter and proposed to let the light into several different persons if they failed to do the right, it was patent te his hearers, Nin was riled beyond a donbt, so be got a good committee, and will leti " tjhe muc« der out." 