TEMPERANCE NOTES. Canon Wilberforce declares that the ad option of the principles of total abstinence will save more lives than all the doctors of England, more money than all the savings banks, and more crime than all the police. The chairman of the English National Temperance League, who is at present in New York, asserted at a meeting there, that the Temperance cause is steadily' taking hold of the best and truest of England’s popula tion. Reasons for Total Abstinence.—lst. While i know that 60,000 of my fellow creatures, for whom Christ died, are aunually sacri ficed to the god of drink, I cannot in the name of my' Saviour take that which has proved their ruin. 2nd. The Master said, “ Without Me ye can do nothing.” This work of seeking to rescue the intemperate, and of preventing the formation of habits which mignt lead to intemperance, is His work, and as such it becomes to me increas ingly important, as I see the need and realise my privileges and responsibilities in regard to the fact that I am a witness of Christ, bearing testimony to His (lower, His purpose, llis love, H s unselfishness, and His yearning over the souls of men. 3rd. I be lieve in the religion of the body, and I know that alcohol more often enfeebles the body than strengthens it. Ith. 'This is a religions conviction, simply because I hold that if our bodies be the temple of the Holy Ghost iiris our solemu responsibility to watch over them and not to encourage the growth of the seeds of disease, in whatever form that disease may attack them, I know' that the love of strong drink is handed down from father to child, and, onoe in the blood, Is more fatal than either consumption or cancer. The effect of alcohol.—We find that the highest mental powers are first affected—the judg ment, for example, the whole of the low'er ones, such as the imagination, being still un impaired, or more active than before. Herein, in fact, consists the prime danger of strong drink. Like the wreckers of olden time, the true lights are quenched, and the false and misleading ones arc kindled; and the man is drawn on by tin; fores of a diseased and unwholesomely .-timid,ite 1 imagination to do deeds of hatred and of violence to those win. if only bis judgment were left intact, would receive bis protectin'! and love. 