Chapter X.—Dakger. It was a soft starlit summer nigtt. Dicky observed that there was no moon, and reflected that the light—or rather the want of light—would be agreeable to dancers who might wish to cool them selves in the open air. He rode through the park at a speed that Bhould have aroused the suspicious vigilance of gate and game«keepera, but did not; and dismounts ing let himself out by that door iu the wall which was supposed to ba opened ODly at certain Eeason3 of the year and for special purposes of woodcraft, of the key of which he had unlawfully possessed himself. Along the white high road for a little way, rousing clattering echoes as he went—in and out of grassy lanes, where his horse's hoofs struck the earth with muffled thuds and where "the fall leaved tree's darkened the twilight over his head — he passed like a pursued highwayman ; and soon arrived at the farmhouse, where lights and voices and the shrill scraping of a violin indicated that the revelry was at its height. Though the stars as yet were few and pale, and the daylight still lingered in translucent green and golden streaks in th9 western sky, this wedding guest was late. They had waited for him, as in higher circles wa wait for the governor or the frlnce of Wales, for a long time after the tea party had come to an end and the teatable been cleared for supper. Then they had given him up on the supposition that his parents had interposed, and gone to the barn to dance without him. As he quietly walked his horse from the road gate to the stack yard, which lay between the house and the barn, and was contigaous to the cart sheds and stable, he could hear the merry thump and scamper of many feet in Sir Roger de Ooverley—a dance that mostly marked the climax' of these entertain ments. Hot a soul was about that he could see. Everybody was in the barn, and was so absorbed in Sir Roger, and made so much noise with feet and voice, that hiB arrival was unheard and un noticed. He dismounted in the yard, found an empty corner in one of the sheds (the stable being full) where he put up his horse, tying its bridle to a waggon wheel; and then he stood a few minutes in the gradual darkening of the day and brighten ing of the stars to take his bearings and decide whither he should bend his steps. As he stood, looking round him and listening, he saw that the window of ihs keeping - room, across . a little corner of yard and garden, wa3 open; that the room itself—as well as' the parlor beyond—was lit up, and shadows pass ing to and fro within. Probably Mrs. Morrison was In the house, on hospitable cares intent, while the guests were revel ling in the barn. Dicky thought the proper thing would be to go the house, therefore, and present himself to her. Lightly he turned and left the yard, paBsed through a little green wicket into a path bordered with dahlias and fox gloves, and with clumps of Indian pinks that smelt very sweet in the moiat air, and took his way round to the porch entrance. And there he stopped sud denly, while he stared before him with bright eyes and held his breath. All the doors were open. In the fur thest room a moderator lamp stood on a beaded mat In the middle of a highly polished centre table, round which books and shells and other ornaments were disposed in the fashion of wheel of for tune at a fair. A card table stood open near the gaily aproned hearth, with two candles in old-fashioned plated candle sticks at two opposite corners, and picks of cards and a cribbage-board sym metrically arranged In the middle. The piano, which was very old, high, and shallow, with faded green silk fluted into a central rosette, from^ which, hung cord and tassels, covering t-ha primitive and worn-out mechanism above the meagre keyboard, also stood open, Its few narrow yellow keys shining under the soft glow of two more candles in two more plated candle sticks. The thrifty linen cloth wa3 removed from the drugget that covered, the floor; flowers bloomed from the.vases on the mantelpiece, and-buuehes of dried graBS adorned -the yellow •gauze-swathed frames of the pierglaas and pictures. Antimaccassars, freshly' ' washed' and starched, abounded in unprecedented pro fusion. The best parlor .was in fall draa for company, displaying all those, evi dences of gentility and prosperity which made the marriage such a recognised goa'-fc promotion for the coaatguardsman's daughter ; but no company was there. "Sonng and old had deserted the decorous house for the irresistible jollity of the " barn, •, In the keeping-room, however, t vo etepB from the threshold on which he stood, Dicky saw the one solitary person who had stayed behind—and that one was not Mrs. Morrison. The keeping room was lighted only by the candies intended for the illumination of the supper table ; and the sapper table, composed of several table? joined together, nearly filled all the available space. It was loaded with fowls and hams, and jellies and pastry, and custardsandcreatns,sothatscarce an inch of tablecloth was to be seen; and Annie was busily flittiDg around it, like a pink and white butterfly, touching np the flowers and cat paper frills and adding little garnishings here and there where they seemed to be, needed— surveying^ her operations from time to time critically with her head on one side. Her sleeves were turned back over her arms, and her book-muslin skirt pinned np "round her ■waist. Her hair was unruffled, her pink bows and pink roses uncrnshed, her face calm and serious. She had not yet taken her Bhare in the prevailing excitement. Dicky watched her, and she did not see him for a minute or two; then a.turn round the table brought him within her range of vision. The surprise was so sudden and complete (for, like the rest of the party, she had given up expecting him) that she was not able to guard her self from the betrayal of her delight at his appearance. Her lips parted, her bosom heaved, her eyes brightened and glowed. " Oh—h 3" she cried, under her breath, with a quivering sigh of satisfac tion that was beyond wt ris. It was her only welcome, but it wis more than suf ficient. Human nature is human nature, as so many profound philosophers have told U3, and this boy was not a saint—far from ib. "What he saw in the girl's aspect and ' manner told him that now he might ven ture to kisB her with the certainty of being forgiven, and such an opportunity it is nob the custom of unregenerate young men to throw away. In the twinkling of an eye, and before she ; could uupiii' her skirt and roll down her sleeves— which was her first instinctive im pulse—he had his arms around her and was pressing his eager lips to hers, paying little heed to her bird like fluttering3 and modeBt struggles to escape. He had no thought of " insulting", her by this pro ceeding, or of harming her in any way. He loved her, as we have said—with what young creatures, who cannob possibly know much about it, call love, and which Is certainly a very ardent sentiment—and, though be was no saint, he was a true man, and had the true man's chivalry in him. But certainly he acted without any thought of matrimonial contingencies ? Annie, however, who teas a saint more or less, saw orange blossoms and wedding cakes, and all sorts of fine things floating in the distance as Bhe protestingly and y6t not unwillingly submitted to ba hugged and kissed. " O sir," she mur mured, when at last she had collected herself a little and got her dainty dress smoothed down, '' it is nob right! You ought not to—to think of me in thfsway. Remember your family and position, and how far above me you are 1" Duty required that she should point out this formidable objection to the foreshadowed alliance. "How can you talk such rot ?" he re turned in tender accents, laughing at her; and he dismissed such considerations as altogether irrelevant to the business in hand. " You" dear little thing, I can't ttll you how I have been longing to see you again, and looking forward to this chance. Bab I never dreamed of finding you alone in the house. Did you stay back here expecting that I would ha coming this way ?" "Oh, no!" Bhe Interrupted, quite shocked at the bare idea of such a thing. " How can you think I should have been so forward ? "We had all given you up." "It would not have been forward—It would have been awfully sweet of you," he said, again drawing her to him. " Why should you be bo Bhy when you know I love you?" And he kissed her more boldly than ever. How Bhould she know he loved her when he had never spokgn^ to her since the day he met her first ? And she might have known that that sort of love was not of a matrimonial "character had not her good principles forbade such, knowledge. "I love yon" was to her right-minded judgment equivalent to "will you marry me ?"— as of course we know It ought to be in all cases, where a man addresses a woman who Is not his blood relation. So that his careless question filled her ■with the most profound emotion. "Are you sure you love me 1" she asked him In an agitated whisper. " My little darling," he responded, delighted wich her implied surrender and nob thinking much of terms on either side, " you know I do. How can anyone help loving you ?" " You don't know me yet," she sug gested. " I know yon perfectly—as If we had been frlendB ail our lives," he said, caress ing her sleek brown head. " I am not worthy of you," she went on, discharging her conscience fully. Something in this phrase staggered him a little, and kept him silent for a moment. The ghost of an Idea that she might be taking things over-seriously flitted across his mind. But it vanished at once; he would not have this delightful meeting spoiled by thoughts of anything beyond it. "Don't talk nonsense," he said lightly. ""That's only a bait for compli ments, You know as well as I do that you are worthy of anybody or anything— you dear little woman?" And again he was about to dishevel that neat white muslin and crush those pretty hows and rosebuds that were already showing the results of his embraces—only at this moment the sound of an opening door gave him a shock which arrested his intention. Mrs. Morrison came toddling in to the keeping-room from the direction of the kitchen to see how the preparations for supper were getting on. And there by ■ the supper-table she saw Mr. BIchard standing, propping himself against the edge of it in a stiff and unnatural manner. And there she saw Annie standing before him, head hanging down, eyes veiled with modest lashes, cheeks ruddy as the rose, occupied In picking a bit of green parsley into a hundred thousand fragments. Oar worthy matron knew little of the ways of the world, but she recognised what that meant. " Whab a hanaaomepair !" was the instant thought of her maternal heart; and then she prepared for action. Had she been the most experienced old campaigner of a dozen London seasons she conld not have acted better. " Ah, Mr. Richard, have you come, sir, after all? "Well, you're kindly welcome, and Rhody'll be just delighted. She'd almosb given yon up. Have you baen here long, Bit?"—warmly shaking hands with him. "Bo," said Dicky, who had been there abont a quarter of an hour. " I have only juBt come. I made all the haste I could, but somehow dinner seemed to be'24 hours long to-night—I thought they would never get done. But you won't break up yet, will you ? It is not supper- time for hours, is it? I have been so looking forward to a dance In the barn. I have been asking your daughter if she will have me for a partner"—looting pointedly at Annie, who took no notice of the hint. " Oh, Bhe will, with pleasure, sir ; she learnt dancing at school, and I daresay you'll find her as good as "any of 'em. Bat you mustn't fcrget the bride," said the mother-in-law slyly, "Ithink Rhody'il want to be number one, you know—she'll look to have yon ask her first." Then she glanced at Annie, who was apparently ab sorbed in her business at the supper-table. . '' Go and get some more parsley, toy J ^ixJ," said she; " there fsn'fc half enough, ] There's nothing sets a table off like plenty o* parsley." A brief silence followed Annie's dis appearance, and then the mother asked her young guest if he didn't think the child was "looking well." "She's looking lovely," Dicky re sponded with fervor, "She has grown up the prettiest girl I ever saw." "Well, Bhe is pretty. And I thought you'd noticed it," said Mrs. Morrison. " But now you won't turn her head, will you, Mr. Richard ? She's only seventeen, and she isn't used to gentlemen's atten tions. You won't go for to—to"—she hesi tated in some confusion, and then burst out recklessly— " You know what I mean, sir ; I can't say it." Dicky's face flashed crimson; he did know what she meant perfectly, " I wouldn't," he Baid solemnly, "hurt ahair of b6r head for all the world could give me." "Bleas you, my dear," rejoined the gratified woman, too much overcome by her emotions to remember to order herself lowly and reverently, as was her wont; ' bless you, I know you wouldn't. There's something about you that I can trust, and trust I will—let them* say what they like" " Do they say I am not to be trusted ? demanded Dicky with some heat, mentally referring to Delavel Pole. " Never mind what they say. I don't believe 'em. There's a look in your face that speaks for you," said the farmer's wife, benevolently regarding him. '' And you'll not play with my girl as some young gentlemen in your place would do —you'll not take advantage of her because you've saved her life and made her grate ful—I know you won't." Dicky, as we have Been, was hot so scrupulous as he might have, but he had a soul that was capable of being profoundly stirred by such an appeal as this. He began to hope that he had not been some thing worse than a fool, and to make high-minded resolutions. " That I never will," he replied solemnly; "never—on my word of honor." "Then I Bhall trust her to you, my dear. I shall trust you to take care of her with "an easy mind." "I will take care of her as if she were my own sister," said he. But in think ing how he should take care of her after what had just happened the idea of marrying her some day necessarily pre sented itself to his mind. It was rather a disturbing, even rather an appalling idea at first, but he faced it promptly. A man must do his duty, he told himself, and take the consequences of his acts; and the prospect of braving the world and defying its conventional tyrannies had always possessed a fascination for him. Why Bhould he not marry a farmer's daughter? It was nobody's business but bis own, and she was good enough for any man, let him be fifty times a Delavel. "Have no fear," he said, taking the hand of the old mother, who had so effectually pierced his most vulnerable point. "It shall never be said that a woman trusted me in vain. I'm not a very good fellow, I am afraid, Mrs. Morrison, but at least I am not a villain. No woman Bhall ever say that of me." " Bless you, my dear, " repeated Annie'3 parent, wiping a tear from her eye and even Bhowing an inclination to kiss him, with difficulty repressed. You are a true gentleman, every inch of you." "I hope so," said Dicky, swelling a little. And then Annie returned, and they conld say no more, But Mrs. Morrison felt that she had made good use of her time—as she certainly had—and was tremulously cheerful. " Give it to me, deary," she exclaimed, holding her plump hand for the parsley, "and you young folks go off and have a dance , while there's time for it. I'll do what else is wanted in the house." But Annie was not prepared to go alone with Dicky to the barn through the dark yard aid garden, though he entreated her so earnestiy with his boyish bright eyes. A fit of maiden bashfulness possessed her. She looked at her mother with a look that was promptly responded to by that intelli gent matron. - " Though, perhaps," said Mrs. Morri son, as if Btruck by a happy afterthought, it would please Rhody better if you went aud spoke to her a bit first without telling . her as you had been into the house, and me and Annie will follow you in a few minutes. We've got to mind our p's and q's with Rhody, I can tell you, Mr. Richard, and Bhe'd be finely jealous if she thought we'd been keeping you all this time away from her, aud she the bride and all. If you'll just go and have a dance and a bit of a chat with her first she'll like it, and so will John. You'll find the old man there too. We'll be after you directly." " All right," said Dicky, "I will—if I must." And reluctsntly he tore himself from his blushing lady love (who the moment he was gone flung herself upon her mother's ample breast to confess that Mr. Richard had told her he loved her " in so many words"), and took his way alone to the rustic ballroom, where he met with an ovation none the Ibbs enthusiastic for being respectfully subdued, and wa3 tri umphantly taken In charge by Rhody. The bride, still in her blue silk and with a killing wreath of orange blossoms rouud her head, was dancing with great spirit and vigor, hut had all the evening kept a watchful eye upon the doorway for his much - desired ap pearance. She had made such a boast of the complimenb he had designed to pay her—she had stirred up bo much delight ful envy and jealousy thereby—that if after all he had failed to come the morti fication to her vanity and to all her ten dereBt woman's feelings would have been insupportable. She was just beginning to despair, and to be harrowingly conscious that furtive smiles aud whispers were per meating the company, which naturally was Inclined to triumph a little in her disappointment, when her quick eye caught sight of his tall figure" in the dim- • neBs of the outer night. Instantly she dropped her partner and made a ruBh across the floor, scattering the dancers right and left without ceremony. "Ah ! there is Mr. Richard !" she cried raptu rously. "John! John! Stop that fiddle —tell them to leave off—and come and speak to Mr. Richard." . John obeyed his wife with an alacrity that was productive of many winks and jokes, and the pair advanced together to the barn doors to receive their distin guished guest. The festive spirit was in them and also many glasses of punch and hegu3. Peace and clarity and an all comprehensive benevolence animated their lively souls ; and John was ready to think every man a jolly good fellow, let him be whom he might. " Come in, sir, come in," he urged hospitably, " we are only plain folks, but you're welcome to the best we've got. Come in, Mr. Richard,, sir, and we take it very kind of you to leave your father's 'all to drink good health to the likes of us —very kind, indeed, we do. Here you, Eliza, where are you 1 Get some punch for Mr. Richard Delavel—a fresh brew, mind, with plenty of good stuff in it." The punch waB brought, and Dicky imbibed it freely, and himself began to feel that it was a world of good fellows, "and to be generally pleased with himself and his surroundings. He drank Rhoda's special health with many compliments on her charming appearance, and then, care ful to avoid making further distinctions, shook hands with everybody—even with Eliza, who nearly " dropped" as she after wards described it, under the unexpected shock. He gave his arm to his young hostess with as much deferential grace as if the barn were a London ballroom and she a new made duchess, and paraded her about in a manner that made her dizzy with delight and pride. Then he joined the elder Morrison, who sat In a groap of hilarious old farmers (himself the most hilarious of all), smoking long church ■wardens and drinking brown October that was as strong as brandy; and a great tankard of beer was added to the punch. The liquors were too good to pass, and it was thirBty weather, and Dicky would not. for the world seem to slight the hospi talities that were so warmly pressed upon him, (To le continued.) 