OUR SOCIETIES. i KKCHABITE CONCERT. Oil Friday evening. 29th uit., an entertainment was giv.-n under the auspices of the Juvenile Uechahitt s of the Borough, in the local Temper ance Hall. Mr. P. M. Salmon, bv particular request, presided. The hall thusiastic audience. Mrs. Gregorv opened the proceedings bv an excellent overture on the piano. Mrs. Gallegher and Miss Reeves followed with a sym pathetic duet entitled ' Pine Trees.' Both ladies possess good and liar monious voices, which blended together and formed a musical treat. Mr. Mann recited ' Tiie one-legged Goose ' in a pleasing and and creditable manner. Miss Freame sang 'Helene' and accompanied herself on the piano. Her song was well rendered and given with taste and feeling. Mrs. Lefler sang with taste and judgment the song j ?' 9 er Still Waters.' Mr. GaJlegher 'iu a truly humorous style recited 'Women's Rights.' Mr. Keleher sang a serio-comic song, ' Nobody Knows,' in a way which pleased all present. Mr. Laslett recited that well-known piece, ' Drink,' and his conception of the lines shows that he has the ele ments of oratory about him. Miss Stewart's youTig, fresh and powerful voice was heard to great advantage in her song, ' When the -Swallows Home ward Fly.'' Mr. Holland fairly brought down the house by his comic interpre tation of ' Widow Malone,' and as an encore, ' The Schoolmaster.' Bros. Frojnes, Romanis, Watson, Butson and Thompson, from ti e Windsor Tent of Juvenile Reehabites, rendered good service by their singing, piano playing, and reciting. Bros. S. Donnes. G. Lee, R. Parkinson and W. Hopkins performed the farce of 'Grandmudder's Ghost ' in a way which caused roars of laughter- During the evening Mr. Hopkins explained the objects of the Tent and the good work l-eing done. A vote of thanks, on the motion of Mr. Cook, seconded by Mr. Stewart, was passed to those who had con tributed to the programme. A similar hearty vote was accorded to the Chair man. ''God Save the Queen' brought a pleasant evening to a happy close. 