THE BEAUTY OF CREDIT. (By Snyder.) : I notice that a great deal is often -written and talked about- tlie evils arising from 'what is called tlie credit system. lVliy, the attempt to do away with the giving of credit is an attempt to sap and undermine the foundation upon which the beauties of our moral nature are built up. If sucli a feeling ceased to exist the whole social i fabric must fall to pieces like— well I'm not clever at concocting an original simile, j so I will say at once, like a thousand of i bricks. See ! I go into a shop, and say to the j proprietor ' Send me so many pounds of ? tea and sugar, and fresh butter. I've no money now; put it down in your book, j and 1 will pay you in a month when 4 the j ghost walks.'' He knows that means j ?when the ' boss ' pays, and so puts it all ! down in a hook, and sends home the sun plies. Then ; what a lovely confidence is ' at once evolved out of this simple transac- j tion between man and his fellow creatures, j It's beautiful, truly, to contemplate — es- pecially on the part of the man who has ' got tlie goods. The month comes round, and the trades man calls and asks for tlie amount of his account. Ily answer is that 1 have not got any money. I tell him he must call again, say in a fortnight, or at a more distant date; it is not then consistent for him to pay me a visit. So here are two more human virtues developed straight off — can- dour on my part, and patience on his. What did my copybook tell me when I got into small hand ? Why simply this 'Candour and open dealings are the honor of man's nature.' Was I not. both open and candid ? And what did tlie store keeper's copybook tell him when he got into small hand ? Why, that ' Patience and time ran through the roughest day.' See, then, how from a simple trade transac tion amenities of life are evolved — mutual candour, confidence, and patience. After a time my grocer comes to me and says his patience is nearly up. I reply by asking when he runs out of an article he deals in. if he does not lav in another stock? He says he does, but wants to know how that can affect the account between us. I say, just so ; he must lay in another stock of patience. Here it will be seeu that I ] have made a valuable practical sugges- | tion. I After a time the tradesman calls on me again, and says he has got a bill to meet, and without, I or other people who owe him money, paid their accounts, he shall not be able to meet it. Thus a feeling of honest indignation filled my soul. ' What,' I say, ' you bought goods of another man upon a bill, trusting to the .ability of other men enabling you to meet that bill ? Send the man to whom you gave the bill to me and the others whose names are on your book, I and let us settle with him. The money is his, not yours. Consult the law of our j country and then you will see tlie crossa ncijliije.ntia you have been perpetrating. What do you think of penal servitude for 7 years, the last two in irons, and the first six months iu solitary confinement, with a : bread and water diet.' Then the storekeeper loses his temper and says he bad applied to me over and over again for the money, and that he will sum mons me for the money. I tell him not to get angry, but keep quiet, and if he does what he says it will be illegal. It will be taking the law into his own hands, and the law to prevent that had invented a . bankruptcy court. To that tribunal I will : appeal. I will file. He gets red at this, I and says he will oppose me and get me sent to prison. I say that will suit me to a I nicety. I had long wanted to complet e ) my knowledge of the French language, and that will give me the opportunity of doing so. ; Then my friend sees I have been chaff ing him, aud after saying so be bursts out , laughing. ' Now,' I said, ' I was chaff ing you. Here is your money, hut I met your demand with a refusal to show you the rotten system you and others have : allowed to get to such a head in this place, i Tou know next to nothing of the circum stances of the larger number of your cus- ! tomers, and yet you go on trusting them, 1 until in the end you and your books present i a long list of bad debts in alphabetical \ order. You tempt men to go beyond their i means, and the upshot is that there are i losses on both Bides. When you allow a j man to owe you money you are his servant ! ?waiting his will or convenience to pay, you. | If he cannot pay and you cannot afford to lose, some one else must, and there are no two ways about it.' Then the storelceeper and I in compan y go Into a corner house and partake of some thing out of tumblers. He says that unless the credit racket is stopped tliere will he a closing up with some of them. A great moral ' wrinkle ' may. be learnt from what is here written, which is, that i mnny a small mean, contemptible, dishonest net' on can be covered with one of the many thousand proverbs extant that men have invented, not one in a long catalogue of which is true. Show me a proverb and I will show you a fallacy. — Poverty Say Standard. j 