THE SALVA'TION ARMY. To the Ehfior of the Queensland fimes. So-?,--Wbhea I was even a child I was told that no greater contempt eould be shown to a person than by not giving an answer to that pereon's question Now, r, an I hbae no deuire to be thought rode by my friends "Protestant" and ' Orangeman," I wil ask you to grant me, once more (for the last time) anme space in your valuable paper fora reply. I will try to say it in as few wards - possible. First, in reply to "Orangemao," That, by having another look at my firt letter,he willnotine that I took the re. port of the Queensland Times for my remarks on Mr. Horeley's epech.-Tbht "Orangeman" neither can show a passage of Scripture forbidding tin kettilig or smoking tobpaoo, and still both are, at oertaix time anad ertain pleaes, nuieannea.--That, if we want to have quietness, we have to do u, I be. lisve, every one of those high Supreme CourtJudges is doing-live with ear famlies outside town.- That, if we cannot do good in any other way than by taking others' liberty of nonsnienoe, making in' fallible gods out of our fellow orctores, stooping down to shameful inoansitenoy by taking away and makiugeoid Christ'scommand bhyubhtitntinglfllible men's rules and doctrinee in its place--in short, treating the Bible (which we say is eur only stand. arl and guide) worse than an old nawape~r, by twisting and turning its truth to suit or please men's organieatione--then. I say again, the good done in that way ie doubtful. I am not going to endors that awful motto: " The end justiies the means." What real good is done that day will reveal, when all our motives will be uncovered and our works and buildings teuted by fire--let Cerintbians iiL, 19. That I shall refrain from quoting any passages of Scripture as much M possible, for reasone implied in what I stated above, but will mention that Ido not believe any man oneaeth hase right to meddlte with the Word of God--that is, to add, or do away, or to usurp authority over other men's onscienoes. I certainty do not find any diference at thb connoil at Jerusalem (Acts xv.) between the apostles. No "general" was there over the others--That, with regard to the great supper, I never took the going out of the servants into the streets end lanes, high. ways, and hedges to be meant literally; if that part is en to be understood, the seocond part of the supper most be so too; but the Army's drums are not only beaten when there is going to be a coffee or tea supper. And then, what about the tickets, which that king forgot to mention; bht notis the Saes . tion Army, who always are in want of money, and require ticketo even from the poor, and the maimed, and the halt, and the blind.-The next item in "Oranngeman's" lteter (the Seoret Book) indeed pro. vides stufffor making greatespitalont of. For over twelve months I have not seen it mentioned on the list of advertised books of the army, and I believe nobody else has seen it, although a whole page of the War Cry was nucunied usually by snob adver tisements; neither were those oaptains I requested able to get such a book for me, and, at last, when I thought to have received one, had only got that oounterfeit. If that is not nuspiious-to lane two books at the same time, both of them profeseleg, by their titles, to contain the doortioes of the Salve. tion Army, but, on examination, one is found to con. tain only part of what it professes. Does this not remind one of two scales being kept for certain pur. poses-one a correot one, the other not --or of Auanias and Saphira, who claimed to have given all5 but kept, secretly, part back? It is no printer's or binder's fault, as I at first supposed, and it a not the fault of "Light and Truth'either. But, if I have done no good else by my letter, I may have opened someone's eyes to see that wrong whish, I believe, is penetrating the whole system through, and, by and by, may find the proper word for it. When I saw, some time age, in the Quesnlano ffRees of Februasy 28, 1888, a report of the Chnmh panda of the Trie Blue Lodge to the Salvation Army's ser vice, and noticed, by the same report, Major Wright to have etated that the Army left all knotty tboo logical questions alone, Au., it made my blood warm, beoauso I had the "Secret Book" in my house, with its thirty-ltx seotione on 132 pages. (The new bhok is, as I pointed oat, shorter, and sontinos twenty. seven oevtions, or 109 pages-etilt enough to oontra diet Major Wright's assertion.) Now, Mr. Editor, I wish "Orangeman" would satisfy himself by looking into the whole matter more closely, m that he would not eny "if it tells men that they must fear God and keep His oommands it cannot be very far wrong. Will he bear an mind that even Mshomed and many others of the same sort have gone an far es that?- That now, as I come to "Orangeman'a" lest paint- Gumaliel'a advice-I would ask him to try hin advise himself in his business. If man eony would leave all things to God, no police, nor magistrate. nor judges would be required. What a glorious time for some people; surely no more Salvation Army would be required then I Bat, in earnest, should not that wise man " Gamaliel" have found out by that time, by the resources at hie disposal," whether Jesus Christ was an impostor and deceiver or the expected Messiah ? How often is an incon. venient matter put off, because it does not suit to give the verdict conscientiously I Now, in reply to "Protestant," a few words in addition. I admit ought to have said I expected that he would have tried to contradict me; bat I think anyone oould find out what I wanted to say. "Protestant" says the command was given to all Christians by the Saviour-" Go out into the high. ways and bye ways," to.; but I beg to correot him, as I find in Matthew xvi., 19th verse-" Jesus apake to His disciples: Go ye, therefore, and teach all nations; baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost;" 20th verse -" Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever 1 have commanded you," &c.; Why not give this last command instead of that out of the parable? I wonder if it is because it condemns-in my opinion -General Booth's teaching as false. Jesus com manded not only the preaching-he did not stop there-but commanded, further, baptism. All the Churches, even the Romish and Greek' Churches, back me out in this assertion. The Master did not command the repentant sinner to come out to the penitent-form, but to be haptised The Salvation Army say, '* Yue, the baptism with the Holy Spirit only is wanted." But could the Apostles, can any mau on earth, give the Holy Ghost! They could lay on their hands and God gave the Holy Ghost. The Apostles and Evangelists understood, and acted in obedience to that command, and all the mission aries of the different Churcheb followed, but not the Salvation Army. I have never read, in any report, of the Salvation Army's success amongst the heathen ; that their converta were to be baptised. General Booth knows better. What will thoie Christians say, by-and-bye, when they read those passages unbiassed and unprejudiced 1 Now. mind, I speak of all the Churches, and do not speak abeut immer sion nt "PIrotestant" refers to in his foot-note, but do think and say it does not speak much for the ccnsistenoc of those soldivre and officira who do an act ? s comemanded by Christ, and then'put them. selvei unelLr the control and command of others who call it a Jewish cecremony only. I quite agree with "Protestant" when he says that God holds us responsible for the light and knowledge given to us, and this is the roaeou lor my writing. If I ere a member of the Rom?on Cathoseo Church, I would have thought General B;oasal hbes second Ignatius Loyola. So mash in common hem the Army with the Societyof Jeuns and other sluimar order., that some think Mtr. Bloth copied his roles and disoiplises from them. The member of those societies are snso doing good in a cortain way--at least, according to their light, end do it also for God. They are pledged or sworn to u-eooditional obedienoe to their euperioer, like the Army people have a certain distinstion by their drem, &c.;, On the top of the ladder, also. is a general, who command. the whole machinery. There are many other similar points, and I quite agres with that priest who told General Booth, on his voyage to Caada, "You are doing a good woik, but yon ought to be in theRomasn Ctholie Church." Bet, of courne, he could not be ruler there, as there is o0e already; and, then, he is married, and has sons and daughter., which would not be allowed. Bnt, is this latter respet, I congratulate Mr. Booth, as he more resembles myself in that etate. It is a remarkable thing, that the Army do not only want people to get conrerted, hst to beoome moldier., and, if sot quite etepid or -gly.looking, to become offioere, who are allowed, if they have any property, to give it to the Army, noul and body and earthly goods, silrer and golden idole not exempted. Whether the latter are melted down, or whether they are sold intent to adorn other heathen folk, I do not know, but meet conclude my letter now, or else my friends "Pro. teenat" and "Ornegeman" will come down upon me again and forcs me to another reply. Youn, ?e.,& 