LOTTIES LETTER TO HER SISTERS ' AVD HBR COUSINS, AND HER AUNTS JjOSdos, Jane 15th. Dun Pctameks,— Th»!e i»a perfect Jtuvre far akirta of shot-striped silk, made np with pinked ont flounces. It ia impossible to see them without concluding that the shone have turned ont tome vary old stock, and are finding it profitable after man; days. There to a perfect plethora of cottons ; they never were so various, so pretty, or so cheap. The bonnets get continually smaller and prettier, and whenever you eee a woman wearing one that is in the least ouiri you may make sure tint she is not in society, and does not know how to dreBS. Some very beautiful black broeht and satin gowns are trimmed with very light-looking black lace over white latin, sod beyond that at the neck and bosom and sleeves have dose set pleated frills of black tulle, so that the trimming is directly between two blacks. This is a notion which many ladies will be able to carry oat for themselves. With the tan shoes I have recently men tiooed, tan stocking! and gloves are worn, and the toilette must either match or be of a pretty, harmonious brown, or perhaps black with tan revert ; something, in fact that 'goes ' rather than contrasts. Lace scarves are being worn round the shoulders in Paris, as they have been everywhere aboat twice daring the last fifty years. English ladies seem to prefer them of Uce, such as real Chantilly or the new Limerick lace in Brussels p&tterna; and they tie them round the neck and then bunch them up with fancy pins down the {rout of the dress, and sll-wr them to boag to the bottom of the ekirt. Many of as have old lace ccarvea that ntD be utilised in Hue manner, or lengths of wide lace which can be neatly ran together, the foot or selvedge meeting in the middle, sad have a very good effect Only the bee most not be Spanish, for if there is one thing that has gone more ont of fashion than another it i- Spanish lace. I have seen scarf laoe this last week at three farthings a yard that used to be a shilling. Yesterday I saw something qnite new in tea gowns made by one of the ladies who have set-up shop keeping. It is a tpeamtn of that 'new world which is the old,' for in shape it is neither more nor less than the aiaya, a sown which has been worn in Hungriest Egypt ever since it has bees a nation. It is ex tremely wide, and both front and back an made of one very broad width, and it U slipped on over the head. The sleeves an est and pot in in such a way that the waist belt or girdle on be put through Hum, cnningovEr tte gown is front and under it behind. This gathers together and confines the folds «t the waist in {root, hut leaves them flowing from, the neck behind. The one I saw was in pale blue brocade, with a.rvc&e; of cream Uce (bond the throat and nctn, and was' fastened toy a'wanrtband'b! cream silk with a silver clasp. Of course it sras a rich womarfa dress, and » fantastic one at that,' bat I could see possibilities So it' {or humbler people. Cut in tussore or any other softsQk and the sleeves edged with Iace.it wooid make a delicsonsly cool home evening dress, over or even witfaont a. plain ?skirt, Vat the very 'best thing under it would be » nain sook Princess petticoat without sleeves and wifii such Uce and embroidery round the bottom as skirts of this land usually have. Hade of white striped or figured mnaiinette, the aioya would be a perfect summer dressing or morning gown. Laundresses wQl bless tbe woman who Bets this latter fashion, for tile garment irons out perfectly plain with scarcely the ghost of & gathering, and must never be made 'as stiff as a board.' Some of the new hats are absolutely crown lea*, though the lane ia brought over the top so at to conceal the fact. No doubt the head Ss thereby abundantly well ventilated, hut what about protection from the sun ? Ladies who wear their hair coiled np on the top of the head find tbat ample protection, but the latest idea is that in conformity with tbe fashion of dress we are adopting from the early part of the present century we are tc wear our hair on our necks in soft long curls. They form a sweet irazne for the face and 'ftnf-nT the ravages of time on tbe nape of ttie neck, bat they are ruination to dresses and leave the head in want of some substantial shield between it and the fierce downpouring rays of a summer sun. Extremely sensible for little children are the drawn son bonnets, such as country women uped to wear almost everywhere, and especially in the West of England. The long poke prevents their complexions from burning or browning, and the curtain protects the neck from the son, a very delicate part, and one which per sons exposed to tbe heat often protect by the ends of a puggeree or even by the simpler ex pedient of letting a pocket handkerchief hang down from under the hat. Gauntlet gloves are much worn, and all the mantlets I have seen are so made thit when yon have wom oat the glove belonging to them you can substitute a shorter pair. Gloves with not more than two or three but tons are often to be bought at very moderate Prices, so this ia a decidedly economic 0 taahiou. On Tuesday I met a party of genial Ameri' cans all bound to the Gaiety Theatre to see the Daly Company play ?? The Taming of the Shrew,' as they played it at Kew York to crowded houses for over a hundred nights. My friends returned declaring that ijavid Garrick'a interpretation of the play could never show its diminished head again, and fall of admiration for Miss Ada Rehao as a tall stately splendid {Catherine, not a vixen, but a great lady with a violent but not ig noble temper. Mr. lobn Drew was Petruehio, and acted up to her splendidly, by no means an easy matter. Quite a delkhtM surpri»e was a banquet in the girden of an Italian palace in the last act. amid most exquisitely Pointed scenery, while a choir of quaintly dressed boys and girie sang the well known song ' Should be Upbraid. ' These were the atoug pouts of the piece, for everyope said tbst tne minor characters and less important scenes dragged and were unequal. Mr. Walter Frith, a son of the well-known arti.t of 'Derby Day ' renown, bionght out his long talked of play, 'In the Old lime,' this afternoon at St. Jsmei's Theatre. The audience was largeand fashionable, as might be expected, and the play exhibited tbe greatest possible amount of variety, so much so as to strain the very thin thread of & story to jte utmost, Mr. Walter F.ith has evidently read Mrs. Inchbsld's 'Simple Story.' and has allied i:s leading idea of a guardian in love with his ward and vice verm with an abduction on the Daver-ro&d; ia Hx old coaching days, the Jacobin Clob in Berwick street, Sobo, and the prison of the Concier Rerie in Paris during the French Revolution. This is taking leaps and bounds with a ven geance. Even Dick Tnrpin ia personated in a comic sort of way, aod though he does Dot ride Black Bess, be talks about her. The heroine was played by Miss Beatrice ijunb, a young actress of decided promise, and en dowed by nature with a fair share of beauty. A very remarkable American lady is among as at the present time. She is Mrs. Frank Leslie, the head of a large polyglot publishing house in New York, which devotes itself principally to newspapers and magazines. Her husband, who has now been dead for some years, held a responsible position in the pictorial department of the [Unrated London A'etM. and going out to the States started the first illustrated paper in the Kew World. He married as his second wife a beautiful yeung Spanish American, and when he died, over weighted by the pressure of a business that had proved too much for him, his widow took the reins, and, by dint of infinite pluck, per severance, and downright capacity for hard work, rmlled the business out of deep watera. and made It a splendid success. She dele gates her authority to no one, but attends to every detail beraelf, and her one holiday, is an annual six weeks in London during the season, sometimes supplemented by a trip to Faria or Madrid. She is still beautiful and sympathetic and it does one good to know and see what a woman can do witfaont sur rendering one iota of 'her womanliness. I don't knew whether you considered that T gave yon too much cookery last week, but I fancy yon most aU be situated sometimes aa I have been jut lately with a tableful of guesta, who give a Rood deal of thonghtto their digestions. Butter, or to u«e the words, ' fat that has undergone the action oT fire,' b an' anoimnation to one ; several abjure pastry in tcto, and even milk puddings are not universally popular. I* was almost in despair when a, citizen of the world suggested to me a couple of 'Totttfcufti' fishes that proved invaluable. These are the in gredients :— Soak a little gelatine in cold water aU night — say, tile ^uaulily contained in one of NelsonV packeta in £he well-known jelly boxes id half a pint of -water, and in the morning add the juice of three lemons, sugar to taste, and as mach* batting water as wQl allow the mixture to become a stiff jelly when cold. Vat it in a jug, and when satisfied that it is quite stiff, melt it again so as to be able to pour It out. Put a little into a mould and then a layer of sliced rtfrmn', another of gelatine, and after it a layer of sliced oranges cot in halves, then more gelatine, a good sprinkling of oocoanut. and finally, if the mould will hold it, a mixed layer of oranges and *»»*»«« before finally SlUng np with jelly. For a change I took a large glass dish, and first sliced six oraaaee into it, adding a little pounded sugar. I then added six rraT'-nM cut in Blices, a tin of pine apple, reserving some of the juice, more sugor, as many strawberries as the gardener could find me — something over a pint and less than a quart, and from plants which had already yielded their best — and I covered all over with grated cocoanut that looked not unlike cream. Tbe success was great, and whan ordinary trash fruits come in I mean to ring the changes in similar dishes. Yours ever, Lome A fatal burning accident happened at Tatong, near Benalla, lately, when a little girl, three year* old, daughter of Mr. Edward Evans, lost her life. Mrs. Evans had lit a fire in the back yard, and about two o'clock the deceased and a brother twelve months old were playing about it when by some means her dress caneht fire, and, before assis tance could be rendered. Bbe was so severely burned that she died shortly after fire o'clock. The Etruria reached New York on Saturday morning, beating all the previous ocean records by nearly three hours. She reached Sandy Hook at 10-45, and the passenger all landed before 3. The time from Queenstown to New York was six days one hour 55 minutes, jurt two hours 87 minutes less than the fastest previous time by the Ombrii in May 18S7- The Etruria also beat the best pre vious single day's run, making on tbe 5th day ont 503 knots. The average was 470 knots a day The daily runs were : First, 45a ; second. 45S; third. 496; fourth 4S5 ; fifth, 803 ; sixth, 457. At tbe start it did not appear that the elements favoured evenan ordinary trip. On the second day a fresh gale was blowing from the west, the nea was choppy, at tiroes coming over the bow. The engines were run at reduced speed for tiro hours. One of the officers says it was as nasty weather as a man's worot enemy ami* »»t him to be out in. The weather soon moder ated, and full speed was resumed. The f*st time began to be made on the third day, and still better on the fourth. On the fifth a fresh breeze was blowing, and the steamer took full advantage of it. going ahead un..n both sU-aui and sail. Tr*''s^l j!'^ ' Tbe outgoing steamers on Saturday too. 2000 cabin passengers. I 