I Different kinds of Courage. A dentist who has Hie largest practice in one o our seaboard cities was asked lately which class of his patients bore the prolonged torture of his craft with most courage. He replied, promptly : " Women of course. A woman blanches before sudden dangerj even the attack of a mouse. But her organization, and usually her training, teach ber to endure pain." " Which class is the most cowardly ?" He replied with a smile : *' Soldiers. One of the foremost generals of the Civil War, who led his corps through a dozen fierce battles, grows pale and shivers when I put the probe to his teeth." A story of the famous Goneral Garner, who led the Southern troops in the War of 1812 is still told in Virginia. It illustrates the two kinds of courage. The ruins of an ancient church were standing, in the beginning of this century, in Cope Parish, Vir- ginia. Ghastly legends ofdemonds that haunted it were told and believod in the neighborhood, and mysterious lights which wore seen among the ruins -they may have been kindled by runaway negroes,. -gave confirmation to them. General Garner, with another officer of high rank, was overtaken by a storm at midnight near this church. 'Die general resolved to seek shelter in the haunted ruins, but his companion preferred to Íace the storm rather than the ghosts and kept on lis way. Garner tied his horse and walked up to ";he doorway of the church. Suddenly a troop of soft white forms broke from the darkness within Hid, tramping him to the earth, passed over him with noiseless footsteps and without a sound. Garner's shrieks for help rent the night. As soon as his dumb assailants had vanished he jumpel on to his horse and followed his friend at a gallop in an agony of terror. The next morning they returned and found on the highway the footprints of a flock of sheep ! 'No brave deed thereafter of this really courageous hero could hinder the mis- chievous hny° «f Westmoreland County from greet- ing him with an occasional Ba-a ! _____ amazed contempt. If «Yes" replied his comrade, 1 am. j £ "iwM na I vou would run away. nto the jaws of death. , . ««f tbe sillv fool who risks hw Hie, inte* hero is not the suiy T i j,ut he who beast of prey, for everyptty quarrel,^ ^ kn0WS f* Ï Calmly ófl£it! if called for, chance dangers, and cairn y a sacrifice to advance*^ or belgalaT_ 