**' *1=^i'Ever Tfue. ?Chapter XVI. Witt difficulty Bainoe restrained lier -tears ; she f-ilt she must not* break down .or ? Nancy would be more distressed tliau ever. 'She looked at tliegicUtinploringly. 'Whatnui I to do, miss?' ske'aslced, 'liurriedly. * This direct iudifferenoe to him lasbed ? Crawshttw .to fury. ' Do'!' he shouted, ?' do what I ttfll you — ' be off'. Come, I shanit stand any impudence $ ? or nonsense, off you £o\' Nancy iput her hand up to her -throat .;: the white'Bowers^p lmr boquet were uA so # -pale as her £aoe. ' V ' What if I— I refuse to let Baines -go 1' ? .she Said, in low, choked tones, her pride and auger making her faint and weak. Crawaliaw turned and looked at Jier fixedly. 'I don't think you Wll go against me, Nancv,''lie said, in ominously quiet tones, and with a 'Shiver she yude%tood him. Thwart him or defy him in any way, and his crufllliand would fall on the wan for whose «ake she Jiadjwreoked lier.life. .No— no, she liadputljer hand to the- plough, she must not look back ; the sacrifice was not nearly ? -complete, but, having taken i,t up, it would be worse .than luadfless to permit her uncle's # shame, to become known now when by simple submission totlie tyrant's will she could avert such a calamity. ♦ 'Mr. Crawshaw's wishes are* mine,' she said, speaking in cold, -even tones, the offort of sheer desperation, ' therefore you must leave me, Baines ; I — I am sorry, but ? ' Baines made no answer ; she could not con trol herself sufficiently to speak, for she did not kuow what she might not say if she began. Crawshaw's eyes were full of triumph. ' Ooiae, sharp's the word,' he remarked, as lie turned on his heel and lurched away a few yards. ' Baines,' Nancy whispered, eagerly, ' 1 want you to tell Miss Dorothy that she — she' , is not to try and do anything for rao until — until I ask her help ; and, Bainrs, say ] entreat, 1 beg, tliat she will never disclose my unhappiness to a soul. 1 can. trust you, 1 know, Baines, buj I do not want all the -world to know' the truth of my marriage.' ' Oh, Miss Nancy ! — Oh, Miss Nancy !' It was all poor Baines could say, and even if she had wished to speak more she hail no opportunity, for Crawshaw returned at that moment, and without wore ndo bundled her 'down tho steps into the carriage. v ? A mist blinded Nancy's blue eyes as she Stood and watched the departure of lliis lost link to her lost all too brief happiness. jp- Her sorrow was so 'keen that she 6eemed almost stunned by it. She did not realize the full bitterness of her position as she would * have done at another time.. She glanced down at the flowers in her hand. What a mockery their fragrance and loveliness was ! They had no part in her ' life henceforth. She hod done with flowers ? and sunshine, happy, dreamy hours in the summer air — all wasagoue from her, without hope of return. ? ... With an irrepressible shudder she dropped 'the costly, boquefon the platform, and went with hurried, nervous steps to the saloon car ' ringe which Thomas Crawshaw's money had procured to bear himself and his newly-made wife to the metropolis. Tho porters and few rustics, who had con gregated to sec them ' depart, cost curious glances, at her. Even theit douse minds grasped the fact that this was no common marriage, and that tho white-faced bride ? deserved their pity, and not their good wishes. But Nancy heeded none of them. She flung herself on to the cushioned seat, and buried her face in her hands, not even stir ?ring when Crawshaw entered. -.The door was slammed, and the train stuiuitid slowly away. She was not crying ; slip was simply over whelmed, crushed to earth, now that the necessity for bearing Op the strain of the last fe.w weeks had gone. Crawshaw appeared to take no notice of her. If e opened a newspaper and began $o 'Tcad, whistling softly under his \m\atli the -while ; but his eyos went evnry now nnd then to that bowed figure, and he bit his lip with savage anger as ho realized that though lie had won — though he had compelled her by cruel means to bow beneath his power — he was. if anything, more detestable and * .contemptible in her eyes than before. . He had flattered himself that he would* only have to show himself to Nancy in his new feathers, and she would be at his feet immediately. It seemed an utter impossi bility that any woman could resist him and liis wealth, more especially one who had lived in such poverty and hardship as Nancy liad done. g He had a long nrrear of petty spite ann grudge to si?ttk- with this girl, and his whole mind had been occupied, directly sin; disap peared, in saving money to track her out and bring her to her bearings. Fate, or the devil, was good to him, for he came into his unexpected fortune at the very moment that he learned, through his old com panion William, of her presence and position at Ripstonc Hall. From that moment Crawshaw liad pos sessed but one motive in life- — a desire to 30. -wen with Nancy, and, despite hor overy struggle, make her his wife. Ho had not for gotten that January niyht when Derry's strong right arm hud stretched him low in the mud. H-- had brooded on it until it hud become infusml in his blood, .is it wen; ; and this, strengthened by Nancy's inner altir ing disgust nnd dislike for him, spurred him on to the task of being ivvoiifjeil. And now bis task was completed. He had humbk'd her to the dust. He had forced h«:r to be Tiis wife. His revenge was won, and yet lit was not content. ^JJgJpvud 4,Jiisj;irl— if such * saorod word as love «au be jyjplied to tjia jealous, selfish passiou which surged in his mean breast..- It was not enough that she was his wife— his slayo ; she must bo ljU, lovnr. H'or J»eauty# belonged toiiini novv^' Her* wonderful vMM lirowuiirig; Jicr|weet, pictjirefijne €%- ; lier Eoy«f— thoYp'?tMaidfinjng oyos, f1bf hnavefiV deepest, trfljst uljj^iill tjufc was his by ttglitt ofSSie marital vo^slfe Imdjust spoken. ButT Crawshaw's heart beat with a fierce, jealous throb, ns he realized that, dus[)ite*a huudred vows, no love would sliine for him out of thoso eyes j her lips, instead of meeting liis, would shrink and grow pale if he touched them with his own ?; tbatthough she was his wife, tis*wji property, Tier heart, iher very soul, was given avrevocably to that other man ; and that ?contempt, (loathing, 'ftatrod deep and immeasurable, lived in her breast for him and his cruel, cowardly conduct, All this flashed through his n^nd O6 he sat gazing at iier£r,oin behind theopon news paper, while the train flew ^roug^th%lbJBy country, and apnroacaadithjl London Sufllfc. ?'She shall Jiffe tae,' lie saidKo mnsBf. 'I'il kiwck'all thought' of that fellowfirSiii her mind befbi»-T« many days%lder Is* Tvb bought her — she's mine body and -eoul, and I doii't mean to share her with no one.' And having arrived at this determination, Crawshaw summoned his valet from an inner -compartment, audUirdered. him Jo__opeji. some -champagne without further delay. Like most ignorant, vulgar-miuded people, Mr. Crawshaw had a most extraordinary predilection foripmbibing the most costly champagne at tlie strongest hours. In his former life he had been noted for his temper* auoa, in .fact' he had beeu'M.Uupst a ^bOtal abstainer from liquor ; but ''QfKiioheE Md idreness this good habit fioo^*atuthed,: -^ffl: ?he^nnd^^inecessar^forJIf^p^Gngtlii^nS. his dignity to have recourse to frequent stimulant, which unfortunate custom was followed, as it could not fail to be, with lamentable results. Nancy started as she heard him speaking, and, lifting her head from her hands, leaned back against the cushions with closed eyes, and pale, wan face. Ifer thoughts had wandered, as she sat motionless and Eileut, in a misty unconcious way, to the rose-gardeu ; she could feel tho soft, warm air as on that bygone summer day^ the scent of the perfumed flowers seemed to steal into her very heart. How gentle! how, peaceful ! l^w^iappy it was! and then « -Sbnse of deeper happiness stifl crept over lier. She heard in fancy that quick, firm step ; she felt the deep enthral ment of his presence ; she heard his soft, tender voice, his hands touched hers, and withti start the mist was scattered and the vision vanished. / She was in tho saloon-carriage speeding through the autumn- tinged country ; spend ing away from Ripstonc Hall, from Dorothy, from dear, kind, ccnial Sir Humphrey, from the sweet, loved gardens, the affectionate, generous, indescribably dear atmosphere of home— she was going from all this to what t Her eyes opened involuntarily and rested on the man opposite, that creature with his common person, his cruel, swarthy face, his mean, cowardly nature — that man was her husband, her companion for life, through %ood or ill. - A wave of utter repugnance rushed into her thtyat and nearly choked her — the sacri fice at that moment seemed greater than she could bear. Crawshaw's oyes met hers, strained with pain aud horror for tho time out of all like ness to tli sir former beauty. The champagne he had just swallowed ran like fire in his veins. He poured out some wine in a glass and went over to her. ' You look like a ghost with that white face ; take a drink of this, Nancy, and then wake up. 1 didn't'marry you to let you sft in a corner all day, you know. ' She crouched back for an instant, then scarcely knowing what she did, she snatched the glass from his hold and Hung it out :of the window. ' Leave me to myself !' she cried, passion ately, madly, ' or if you will not I will thrown myself out of tho carriage as I have just fluny away that glass !' There was a dangerous earnestness in her intensity ofVi&nner; that impressed Craw shaw ; he waited for a moment, then, with a short laugh, he turned and went buck to his newspaper and his corner.* ' She'd do it too I do believe !' he muttered to himself, and then the light came in his eyes again. ' Never mind, whatever happens J.'m her master, and she shall know it soon enough 1' {To be continued.) Among many other interesting parpoalirs -given' in a ronort recently issued by the Constantinople Clinmljer of Commerce, is au account t-f the total auiuial wool production of tlie world, which amounts to lli.OOO.OOOcwt., of an estimated value of £200,000,000. Australia supplies 2,000,000c«t., of a valuu of £24,000,000: and the Cape of Uood Hope furnishes OTO.OOOcwt., amounting to £10,000,000. The United States, with its ii0,000,000 elreep, does not grow eullicierft wool to meet its rajuiroincjjt*, but is obliged to olitniu the difference from La I'l&ta.; snil Australia. The niiiii Iwr of sheep iu Europe is catenated at '200,000,000, ?which furnish 4.000,000c«t. of woo! of an estimated value of £:ili,000,000. Morocco, Algiers, aud Tunis prow a. considerable quantity, while France pro ?luces 37 percent. K'se than it did 40 years ago. I'lieJKuroncjiu countries rank in the fullou'ing order : Kiissia.Knglaiid, Germany, France, AustriaHun gary, Italy, Spain. The liast Indies and China pro duce about 3,000,000cwt. of wool per annum. — Intiuttrif.s. Marriage lieing proverbially described as a lottery, possibly the young lady who acted iu the way related liy the New York pape™ mny not have done a very foolish thing. It appears that she was engaged to be innmed, and on the appointed, day nppenred, arrayed in her bridal attire, for the cereiiiony. Tlie bridegroom, with his best innii, was in attendance : but at the eleventh hour, whispering BumetliiliL' iu his friend's car, he suddenly took his departure, despite the efforts made by the hcul man to detain him. The incident created some surprise amongst the wedding party, and surprise lieeanic consternation, mingled with indignation, when the l-est man explained that the bridegroom liad gone away, never to return, he having nt the last moment been seized with a sudden horror of tin; niatrimuiiial state. The bride, under these circumstances ought to have faiuted or become hysterical, or something of the kind ; bat the strong -minded young lady acted quite differently, lloiug straight up to the best man, (.he said bhe was there to be married, nnd married she meant to be. In default of the husband she liad chosen, she asked him if he would become her partner fur life ; aud, as she was good looking and rich, the answer was a ready affirma tive, the marriage bciug forthwith celebrated, as ihuugli no mien untoward incident as the flight of tire bridegroom hail taken place. The I'riuco of Wales owes at present over UO0.UO0. 