SATURDAY'S CRICKET. SENIOR MATCHES. Unions v. Windsors. The abovenamed teams met to measure strength for the fourth time this season on Saturday, in the Queen's Park. The wicket was in good order, and, overlaid with matting, it played very well during the afternoon. As regards the fielding ground, in some parts it was in a wretched state, more the effects of the recent wet weather than anything else, and the grass was too high, but no doubt that will be remedied if the weather continues fine. "Parlane captained the Union team, who were strongly represented, though not at their best. Chapman had charge of the Windsors, who were pretty well the same as usual, Ned Sheridan and C Spry being the new additions. The Union skipper won the toss and sent in AV. Voller and E. Hutton to the bowling of Towiif r and Hagan. When only 4 runs were recorded Hutton put the first ball he got from Hawaii into the willing grasp of R. Spry at mid-on, and had to retire. 10-9. H. Perkins followed, and before he had fairly settled down to work Hagan got one past him, and he had to retire 2-2-8. This state of affairs looked promising for Windsor, but it was not to last. W. Pride now partnered Voller, and careful play ensued, the bowling being at this time very fair. Both batsmen at length got proper hold of the bowl- ing, and gradually the score mounted until 32 runs appeared, when Voller, who from the start had been batting in his usual confident style, gave Dorsett a chance at mid-off off Towner, which was refused. The batsmen continued to play correct cricket, Hagan and Towner still bowling. However, at 40 F. Osborne relieved Towner, and Pride facing the now bowler gave Dorsett also a chance, which was again dropped. With the score at 47, Pride played a ball from F. Osborne back to him, and had to retrace his steps after a good exhibition of batting includ-; jig several "boat- olean--.forward-_strokos, combined with steady defence. 3-27. This made way for Charleson, who, with A'oller, commenced to bat in the most approved fashion, their careful play being greatly admired. The bowling of Hagan and Osborne was treated with respect, the former especially sending in some good balls. No separation being effected at 68, Dorsett took the ball from Hagan, who had been bowling well from the start. At 70 Chapman unfortunately missed a rather easy chance of stumping Charleson, who went out of his crease to drive Osborne, but missed him. The runs kept coming apace, although, when opposite Dorsett, the batsmen did not know much about him. and he nearly beat them several times. When the board denoted 79, -F. Osborne, who was getting hit about a bit, although he, too, bowled well at times, made way for C. Spry. At 80 Charleson gave a hard chance to R. Spry at point off' Dorsett, but the fieldsman failed to hold it, and at 87 0. Spry was taken off bowling, and Towner again put on. The score was not added to when Dorsett clean bowled Vollor amid great applause for an admirable innings of 38, marred by only one chance when he was 17. His strokes were all well placed, with the exception of, perhaps, an uppish one or two. Four wickets for 87\. Tom Hughes joined Charleson. The newcomer was missed in the slips by owner. off Dorsett at 88. Charleson continued batting splendidly, but Hughes played indifferently, and after making 5 was bowled by Towner with the total at 100 up. Grogan came next, but did not last long, being snapped up by Rail behind the wickets, off' Towner's bowling. 6-2-106. Dodd, the Townsville crack, then made his appearance. Although playing some balls well, he did not seem at home, and at 115 Dorsett, who was bowling awkward balls broke through the now comer's defence. 75deg. Parlano partnered Charleson, and commenced to hit rather rashly. He soon put a dozen runs to his credit, when Hagan secured him off Towner. Eight for 134. D. Cameron next went in. 11. Spry took the wickets instead of Chapman, who was suffering from a bad finger. Cameron gave a chance in slips to Rait off DorSett, which was refused, but it was rather difficult. At 138 he gave another to- F. Osborne off Dorsett, which was accepted. Hitchcock being absent, the innings closed for 138, leaving Charleson with not-out game of 45. His batting, taking it all through, was a treat to look at, notwithstanding the fact that he was let off two or three times. The Unions occupied the wickets about two hours and a half. With as little delay as possible the Windsors were soon at the wickets, Perkins and Cameron bowling. The wickets fell in rapid succession, and, at the call of time, eight were out for 12 runs. W. Hagan was showing good batting when he was given out leg before wicket to Perkins, by the Union umpire. Towner looked like staying when he too had to retire for a leg before wicket decision, allowed by the same umpire, to the bowling of Perkins. This decision did not meet with approval. F. Osborne, O. Spry, and A. Osborne failed to score. The others made a few runs. When time was called, E. Sheridan was not out, 2, having previously given Pride a chance in slips off Cameron, which was declined. J. Rain was also not out 0. Perkins bowled in his very best form and was ably seconded by Cameron. For the Windsors Towner, Dorsett, Hagan, and F. Osborne did all the work with the ball. The averages of Towner, Dorsett, and Osborne would have been better had the chances all been taken. The fielding of the Windsors was at times loose, but they stuck to their work well all through. The contest will be resumed next Saturday. The umpires' decisions, with one exception, gave entire satisfaction. iTT -r, ,. Unions First Innings. W. Voller, b. Dorsett .... 38 E Hutton, 0. R. Spry, b. Hagan .... 0 H. Perkins, b. Hagan 2 W. Pndo, e. and b. F. Osborne" .'! '.i. 23 A. Charleson, not out. 45 T. Hughes, b. Towner. 8 A. Grogan, 0. Rait, b. Towner 2 G. Dodd, b. Dorsett. 6 J. Farlane, c. Hagan, b. Towner .. sail D. C. Cameron, E. F. Osborne, b. Dorsett 1 u. Hitchcock, absent. 0 Sundries J. W W " 2 Til. ii Windsors. First Innings. W. Hagan, l.b.w., b. Perkins. 1 R. Spry, b. Perkins 2 A E Chapman' c- Tarrant, b. Perkins 2 Aster- Towner, l.b.w., b. Perkins 4 J. W . Dorsett, c. Dodd, b Cameron .... 1 E. Sheridan, not out .... 2 F. Osborne, b. Perkins .. .'. " 0 C. Spry, 0. Pride, b. Cameron '.. . .'.?,-'' 0 A. Osborne, b. Cameron .,, , it's, j. 0 McRae, not out, , .'. ..,,,..- ¡ .. 0 Eight wickets for ... 12 Bowling Analysis. Against Unions, first innings: A. E. Towner, 114 balls, 51 runs. 4 maiden overs, 8 wickets ; W. Hagan, 96 balls, s! 2"s,1' 3 maiden overs, 2 wickets ; F. Osborne, of balls, 25 runs, 1 wicket ; J. W. Dorsett, 82 Calls, 26 runs, 4 maiden overs, 3 wickets ; w- spry' 13 Davis "I Runs 2 wickets. Against Windsors, first innings : H. Perkins, 42 balls, 3 runs, 4 maiden overs, 2 wickets ; D. Cameron, 42 gets, 4 runs?, 4 maiden overs, 3 wickets. Alberts v. Stanleys. This match was commenced on the Albert Sports Ground on Saturday, both teams being well represented. Silvester, the Alberts' tapper, winning the toss, elected to bat. The wicket was a really grand batsman's wicket. Cockcroft and Dyer were the first to face the hi kS of W" Murray and Grant and carefully had they to play, as the bowling was well on the wicket, and it was not till after fully half an hour's play that the telegraph board showed ...°5- The batsmen having by this time I, ? -ii l"' defied the bowlers and it was not the the century was hoisted that they were parted ; Cockcroft succumbing to a hot one from Cairo, after putting together 43 in fine style, of ?/6Tvtwo or three very easy chances to the Av % v0h look for him were not accepted. 1 tv" Fisher filled the vacancy, and assisted oyster, ran the score up to 158 before Dyer to retire, being caught by the wicket "fell- The retiring batsman played sterling cricket, and had not before given the ghost of a chance, and his defence was excellent. In Bradley was the next comer, Wv seemed. <%*-% uneasy with the bowling at first, but soon settled down to steady work; he had soon resubmit to the loss of his partner, as Fisher prove a fast one back to the bowler, and it was nicely held. He retired for a well-earned 37. Silvester followed and played out time, the score standing, three wickets for 180. The fielding of the Star in leys was very fair, with one or two exceptions, several catches being terribly mullBd. Nine bowlers were tried, but Grant with two wickets at a cost of 42 runs, and AV. Munro one was 'let for 52 runs, were the only successful runs. Appended is the score : Albert CO. First Innings. J. Cockcroft, b. V. Munro..48 G. Dyer, o. Goertz, b. Granted W. T. Fisher, c. and b. Grant .... 37 AV. Bradley, not out 13 H. Silvester, not out. 4 Sundries 15 Total 188 Bowling Analysis W. Munro, 204 balls, 5 maidens, 62 runs, 1 wicket; Grant, 114 balls, i maidens, 42 runs, 2 wickets; F. Geitz, 30 balls, 1 maiden, 6 runs ; G. Warry, 36 balls, 2 maidens, 12 runs ; Oldmeadow, 12 bulls, 11 runs ; Pennell, 18 balls, 12 runs ; D. Munro, 12 balls, 3 runs ; AV. Cox, 30 balls, 17 runs, JUNIOR MATCHES. * Marylebone v. Indooroopilly The above teams played at Indooroopilly on Saturday, the local team being defeated by 16 runs on the first innings. The scores were Marylebone, first innings, 50 ; Indooroopilly, first innings, 40. The highest score for the Marylebones was Jessop with IG, and for the Indooroopilly, D. Scott with the same score. Montague v. New Farm This match was played at New Farm, and resulted in a win for the New Farm by 6 runs on the first innings. New Farm made 36 M'Intyre's Burns 6, Holdstock 5 not out), and Moutaguo 30 (Rogers 9, Pvoeve G, Costello 6 and Pilkington 5). Bowling against New Farm, Rogers took five wickets for 14, A. Spry two for 4, Mulcahy none for 6, and Pilkington none for 12 ; against Montague, Burns secured eight wickets for 21 doing the " hat trick"), and Burton two for 8. Croydon v. Dath, Henderson, Bartholomew, and Co-The above match was played at Skyring's Paddock, Bulimba, and resulted in a draw. D., H., B., and Co., batting first, made 94, the principal scorers being W. Whalley 20, Hooton 19, Gardner 16, and Clark 10\. The Grey done then going in lost six wickets for 43 at call of time, of which Croft made IG and Pritchard 12. Bowling against D., H., B., and Co. Matthews took three wickets for 33, Pritchard two for 20, Cather wood one for 33, and Austin three for 3 ; against Croydon ; Hooten secured- four for 13, Clark two for 8, Baker none for 9, and Gardner none for 8. " ,, Astley v. ComiEDoiAL.-This snatch was played at Stephens's Paddock and resulted in a win for the Ashleys by 2 runs on the first innings. Ashley scored 20, and Commercial 21 and 54. Raymond v. Petrie's Brickyard. Played at the Pineapple and resulted in a win for the former by 38 runs on the first innings. Raymond made 5S (Swain 22, AYatson 13, Burton 7), and their opponents 26 (Willard 7, Mosley 4). Bowling against Raymond : Willard took four wickets for 23, Sullivan one for 23, and Clark two for 8 ; against Petrie's Brickyard : Stabler four for 9, Baynes three for 5, and Burton two for 4. Pembroke v. Oakfield. This two-day fixture was commenced at the Albert Park on ii rather damp wicket, the scoring being consequently rather slow. The Oakfields batting first, ran up 55, Moran going in first and carrying his bat right through the innings for 29 ; Robert Doran made 0 and Evans 5. The Pombrokes were all disposed of for the small total of 17, D. Maxwell carrying his bat through the innings for 3. Betzel made G quickly and M'Intosh was run out for 2. The Oakfields in their second innings lost three wickets for 83 at the call of time, Robert Doran being 17 not out, Bennett and Tregurtha G each. Bowling against Oakfield : In the first innings Jamieson took five wickets for 24, Drouuau two for 2, Betzel one for 7, Robinson none for 5, and Santry none for 10 : in the second innings, Jamieson three for 14, Drennan none for 9, and Santry none for 10. Against Porabroken : E. Doran secured four wickets for 4 runs off 36 balls, and Tregurtha five for 9 off 54 balls. Second Alberts v. Second Stanleys. These clubs met on the Union Sports ground, and the match resulted in an easy win for the Alberts by one innings and 7 runs. The Alberts were first at the wickets and totted up GG, Lather 13, Fern 12, Thomas 9, and Darragh 8, being the principal scorers. The Stanleys, with only six men, made in their first attempt 27, McDonald 10, being the only player who reached double figures. In their second innings they made 32, McDonald again topping the score with a nicely played 21, being not out in both innings. M'Lean's Factory v. Clyde This match was placed at Paddington on Saturday, the scores being 31 and 11 respectively. For the former H. Green 8, Stevens S, J. Hallett 4, were the principal scorers. For the latter Bingham 4, Humphries 3, scored best. J. Gilmour and J. Hallett bowled well for the former club. Kelvins v. Avonmore A match was played at the Oval between the above clubs on Saturday, the Kelvin winning by one innings and 11 runs. The Avonmores, in their first and second innings, made 10 and 4. The principal scorers were Bloomer 7, and A. Jones 6 The Kelvins, in their first innings, made 31. The principal scorers were R. Dix, 17, and R. Speedy, 5. Powell and Batchelor bowled well for the losers, as did G. Dix and A. Hamson for the winners. Webster and Co. v. Castlemaine Brewery and Quinlan, Gray, and Co., Limited The opening match between the newly-formed club in connection with Webster and Co. and a team representing the Castlemaine Brewery and Quinlan, Gray, and Co., Limited, was played at Kedron Park on Saturday. Webster and Co.'s team batted first, and put together the respectable total of 144, J. B. Carruthers head- ing the list with a patient and well played innings of 39. The other double figure scorers were Sinclair, -Hart, F. McLennon, and Thomas With only half-an-hour to time, Quinlan's representatives took the creases, but made a poor stand against the bowling of F. M Lennon and Sinclair backed up by good fielding, seven wickets falling for 8 runs. The match was a draw, but had the play been continued another quarter of an hour the expected result would have been a most decisive victory for Webster's team. 