A clerk in tho omploy .of Messrs. Koxton nntl Cardow, Solioitors, nnmod David Gay, lias boon orreslod for oxtonBiro cmboz.zlo- monts. At a mooting of tbo Sout.li It islmuo Per- manent Building Sooioty, of ivliiuli llio de faulter David Maploton was lnltily Secretary, I it wns nnnoimocd tluit. in oonsoipumco of tho frauds tbo Sooioty will h ive to bo formed into a Limited Liability Company. A ixrgo nuiubor of shareholders havo signed a bond I guaranteeing 7s lod. in tho pound of tlioir doposits until mouoy is rcalisod from tho jV duarantoo fund and the estato of Maplcston. r-ixlio Earl of Carnarvon, who is now a ghost at Govornmont House, will bo ontor- lainod at dimior by ' llio Grand Club < next Tuesday, v Tlio, woatlior is vory muggy, uhsottlod, and showtry. 1 BnisiUNE, Monday. I To'duj is being rogardod as n holiday, all I tho publio business establishments being 1 dosed. I Tho ra6o licireo Muster Fenwiok, who I was cn.tcjjcd for two ricos, at Eaglo I Farm to-day, was seen in his stables I at Itockloiu a little aftor 12 o'olook last I night and il 1,30 was tnissod. A subsoguont soareh rosin, od in his being fount at about 7 o'olook tlte morning in a puddock about a mile distantteonsitlerably swollen from eat ing green grtas. Tho sliprails of tho puddock rwero sowing t'-at tho horse had evidoutiy bcoBjlnood thoro on purposo. Tho total upustoms .col'ootions for tho month; of D'&ambor;, 1887, amounted to H 19,500 2s. 8d,l being an inoroaso ovor tho, , pinospondingj month of last yonr of £1320 pi. I)d. Tho total collections fir the quarter endod 31st December VST, ;wero (£1 48,100 14 si 81., boing n increase ovor tho eorrosnonding ounrtorof fit year of £17,891 1 4s, Cd. The tota lections for . tho Imlt'-yovr endod 31st I .ocomber, 1887, -\voro £314,832 3s. Id., ping an increase of £41,137 Is. lid. orcr jo oorrospoudiug half-year of 18SG. Tho !tal receipts foritho yoar ended 31st Docorn- " vjr, 18S7, woro £588,440 19s. 8d,, boing an preuso of £25,7Sl 6s. Gd. for tho yoar. jl'ho R.M.S. Biilimha has arrived at Tliurs- | y Island and been quarantine 1. Tho Luoinda, with tho Premier's parly, 'urns to'Brisbauo to mo row. doorgo Simnis, tho woll-knowu oomodian, d on Saturday nfternoon. ; Oiioydon Saturday. A man named Julian Claro committed lido yesterday by p'noing a dynamite iridgo in his mouth, nltnohing a fuse to it sthon sotting Uro to it with a match, llioad was blown to piooes and tho iu- t r ot the tout lie occupied was one nines I bains skull and blood. Thedooonsed had I bdriuking heavily for some weoks. 1 ', Ouoydon, Monday. # o loiso of tho race course paddock has b sold for one yoar for £136 10s. I v rt of Ludoiunnu's machine has anivod alblcpop, and w'U arrive here in a fow I Croydon Qipioii stone, amounting to I 14us, is nowjorushing, and looks well fo;ht ounces. ' | works aro at a standstill for tho hcys, and business is quiet. things for the woek : — T'elogrnph, 53 toir 80 ounce.0! Croydon Queen, surface Si's for G3 ounces i True Blue, p.e., 88 tot 200 ounoes. , , f . — Moonstono 3s. 6 1, j General Gor- dot _ _ , Anails for tho siuih leave aud nrrivo fotltly, and then only very irregularly. ' | iii.aclcai.l,; Saturday. Q stables woro burned to tho ground . last;, and tho racehorse Wnralah wa roast death in his stull. t.'-, \ Bundaukhg Sa'urday. -A-Uy of stono from tho Boohive claim .EidsvivcsOofpuncos to tho ton. i 4'ii,, JIaoay, Sunday, i Th.inda iutt i,.- noon for Brisbane. 