THE STORY-TELLER. CATCHING A GHOST. ONE of my school chums, Reginald Granville by name, was the nephew and only relative of an old | baronet, residing at tlie family castle in Shropshire. As I was an orphan, without any near relatives, instead of going home for my holidays 1 spent them in splitude at the school. Partly pitying me and partly thinking he could enjoy himself better with a friend, he gave me an invitation, which I, nothing' loth, accepted. Accordingly, at the Christmas vacation, I accompanied Reginald to the castle. I found his uncle kind and hospitable, but rather reserved. On the afternoon of our arrival he exhibited to me a collection of paintings in his possession, which were for the most part portraits of former owners of the castle. I noticed that he dwelt particularly on one of them, that of a courtier of Hemy VIII., commonly designated " Good Reuben," whom the baronet seemed proud to claim as an ancestor of his. In the evening when Reginald and I were alone (the baronet having left us to our own resources) I referred to " Good Reuben'.' iu a manner' which proved to Reginald that I was curious to learn something of " Reuben." He recited a poem dedicated to this personage, during which rccital I found that the castle was not without legends. Nor did it lack that which seems to me to be indispensable in the chronicles of a castle, viz., the record of some supernatural visit. To be plain, Reginald imorined me that the : peasants believed that the spirit of "Good Reuben" haunted the castle at uncertain periods. [ was venturesome. I believe all juveniles are more or less, and - Reginald was not far behind me. We concocted a plan to rob Reuben of his terror, and to discover his identity, Any one parsing beneath the bedchamber occupied by Reginald and myself that evening at a late hour would have observed a light still burning. But our vigilance was unrewarded. The next night Reginald suggested watching in the dark. So the light was extinguished, and five minutes after my chum was slumbering one o c— and I followed suit. But sleep soon a-'hfereW left jne. Midnight, , that solemnhour, passed; . ttering in. tlfejlcourtyard ; I- iffifehed """ Rl *"tll<lcl out the Csffitie timekeeper. „ aid. Agraut,£lieii a yawn, then, " What's the matter V " Hark !" I whispered. In a twinkling we had rolled out of be aimed ourselves, he with the poker I with the shovel, and were stealing from our rooni. Reginald led the way to a private eutrauce to the castle. We hurried in the direction of the sound. On ! on ! ! " Perhaps," whispered my chum, " he may lead us into a ditch or pond—take care/' The sound ceased, and. we -stopped, not knowing which way to move. The moon, which had hitherto been clouded, cast a momentary beam upou us. \- "There," cried Reginald, pointing towards •a field on the other side of the hedge. I looked,' arid saw a ' figure ID the middle— gaunt/unearthly, and—all was dark. "Come on,"whispered the heroic-Reginald. We grasped our weapons trembling, and crept through the hedge. When we were, as near as we could; calculate, about three yards from the figurc^I raised my voice, and in as loud and firm a tone as I could muster, called OUL Surrender." No answer. Reginald repeated it. Still uo answer.. Screwing up our courage we-advanced. I raised iiiy shovel, sn^ing it round with such a swipe (1 bclievo fthat'is what cricketers call it), aud something rith*5rthud to' the ground. Two more crashing blows upou our victim. " We have murdered him,' 1 shrieked, and we fled. Morning came : we arose late and hurried down to breakfast, I had a dull recollection le tragedyjenacted in the' night, but I still trembled from the effect of vision of the condemned cell aud the scaffold. The baronet looked : enquiringly .at, us as we took our seats. His suspicious were further aroused by the unusual delicacy of our appetite. Breakfast passed, -without the expected examination. We accompanied the baronet for our morning walk. ' On our return the steward stopped my host and said slowly, " Beg pardon, sir, but you left your private door unlocked last night.' " Dear me," uttered the baronet, " Well James I'll be more careful." We began to think that we should escape unscathed, -when "the confidential servant added. " And please sir, the dun cow got out of her stall last night and she was found in the turnip field this morning. I found a shovel and poker in the courtyard, and Bill's splendid scarecrow that he set up yesterday is battered and smashed." " Hum," said the baronet,:" yon must put a latch on the stall whieh the dun cow doesn't understand. But by the way can you tell me where the shovel and poker came from?" " Well," said James, eyeing us timidly, " the chambermaid says that the poker and shovel belonging to the young gentleman's room are missing." -•*' Boys," said the baronet turning round : but we were half way across afield watching with apparent interest tlie gambols of a young.deer. 