chapter ii. It is London, and it is November. Wo have been married just a week-, and arc beginning to crow accustomed to tbc fact, and to realise that we are not the very first people in the world who ever entered into that holy estate. Sydney has at last ecassd to start and laugh when she comes into breakfast and finds letters addressed to “ 5Irs. St. Maur" at her plate ; already the hotel waiters have jeasort to grin furtively at the sight of us, and stray hansom cabmen no longer look for an extra tip. The first obtrusively newly mar ried look is beginning to wear off. As for me, I spend my days in wondering wliat I ever did in all my unworthy life to deserve the blessing that has come to me, and in marvellinghow I lived through .all the dark, weary, aimless years'before it came. Perhaps we shall have thirty years more of just such happiness : perhaps forty or fifty, ivc are yet so young. London is delightfully empty. I have not seen half a dozen people I know, and those I have successfully avoided. Put to-night we 10 to a drum, or something at Lady Susan Stanley’s. People might leave ns alone until our honeymoon is fairly over, but Sydney’s tender Little heart is afraid of offending her old aunt if wo do not go, so wo are prepared for a night of penance, and make up our minds to the worst that can befall! 3Iy Sydney is in her bridal dress—sheeny satin and forest-like lace—and I have clasped on the diamonds myself, though she laughs at me for wanting her to wear them, and says they are too fine for Lady Susan. I have a fancy for seeing her just as she was on her marriage morning, but she look3 even sweeter, for she is not so pale. I could look at her all night and never tire, and it is just as well that 1 have that gratification, for other amusements at Laity Susan's have I none. It is all very stately, very ilull, very awful. itcspeetahle and stupid. What did I tell you ?” says Sydney, wisely. A little bad music, a "real deal of dreary conversation; twice as many' people as the rooms will hold, who come and go in bril liant attire. Sydney' need not have been afraid of being too gorgeous. I elbow my way with dillicnlty to the refreshments and procure a tepid fragment of pink ice, (looting upon a sea of its melted self, and this delicacy I grimly bring back to Sydney. l’onr little sweetheart 1 While I am still afar off [ see her sitting desolate and pensive, with a tired and perplexed look on her dear “ My poor child, you are bored to death, and no wonder I” I say, as I reach her side. “ Let us make our escape as soon as possible.” She looks at me dreamily and asks in an absent sort of way',— “ Harry, what was that extraordinary noise i Did you hear it just now ?” “ Noise ? ’ I say, with mild irony. “ Well, yes, I should think so; the infernal gabble is enough to deafen one.” i; Oh, no, not that; I don’t mean any ordinary noise, but such a strange, sobbing sort of eryr that sounded above everything else, a wild kind of wail—the very saddest thing I ever heard—it almost made me cry', and vet so sweet and clear. What could it have been ?” “That bony woman in blue and gold, like an edition of the poets, who was singing ‘ Roberto’ just now. Her voice was certainly high enough and melancholy enough, but I must say its sweetness never struck me.” “ Oh, no, Harry, I don’t mean that at all; it was when no one was singing, and it was not like singing in the least, but more like a cry at a wake than anything else. 1. wonder you did not hear it, and it is odd no one else seemed to notice it, though I heard it so plainly, and it was so loud and high. I wish i knew what it was.” “ Something in the street below, no doubt, unless you fancied it, which would be no wonder; this sort of thing is enough to give one the blues. But come, Sydney, let us cut the whole thing and go to the theatre for an hour; you know Aunt Susan offered us her box, and f hear there’s something rather good going on." “ Oh, yes, I should like that. It has been rather stupid, has it not?” and she brightens directly. So we retire from the festive scene and go to the theatre, where people are in convul sions of laughter over goodness knows what. For my part I can see neithcr.head, tail, nor plot to the whole thing; our pursuit of pleasure is not crowned with success to Sydney laugh3 a little, but does not seem much interested; and presently she turns to me, looking pale and unhappy, and says, im ploringly',— • “ My dear boy, don’t be vexed with me; I know you will think me a dreadful goose, but just then I had such a fright. I am almost sure I saw Mr. Fitzgerald in that corner by the wall; he was looking up with those dreadful wild eyes of his, and the moment I looked at him he turned and went out.. He was in some kind of a dark eloak, aud looked so odd 1 But I am almost sure I could not mistake those eyes !” “ But, my darling, Rethought you said he wasn’t in lingland,” I remonstrate. 11 Neither he was; he was abroad, but it was so like him, and it gave me such a ter rible shock 1 Don’t think me a goose, Harry, «I’ll tell you what I do think. I think you arc tired out, and we should be far better off in our own oomfortabie room than in listening to all this rubbish; come along, there’s a dear child and I put her fleecy wraps around her aud take her away. But midway along the corridor she stops short, and looks np into my face. “ There, Harry 1” she says, earnestly— “there it is again, that long, wailing cry. How very strange! Surely you must have heard that?” “ Why, Sydney, it is mere fancy!” I say', shaking her gently. “If I don’t mind 1 shall leave you ill. You’re nervous, tired, and excited. I shall not bo easy in myr min i till you are at home and ha’vc taken something and without more ado I get her down stairs and back to our hotel as ipiiekly as I nan. Once in our cosy room, Sydney recovers her usual spirits. I make her drink a g’a=s of wine and sit by the lire, and she is laugh ing merrily at her own foolishness, when there is a lap at the door, and a waiter comes to tell me that one of my brother officers is waiting to see me in the coffee-room on im portant business, and refuses to come up “ Oil, bother Frampton 1” I say, with a groan. “ What a time of night to conic and disturb one! Come up hero, indeed ! 1 should think it a great piece" of cheek if he did 1 I don’t like leaving you, Sydney!” “ Oh, don’t mind that, dear boy. I am all right now. I’ll tell y'ou what, I will put away the * family jools’ and take down my hair while you are gone, and then come back and brush it here while you have a pipe. May I ? ” “ May yon ? Of course you may anything; that is, if if you don’t object to the smell of tobacco among your golden locks.” “Oil, no; and we can have a nice chat over the fire. Don’t be gone long.” “ Not a second longer than I can help.” “ If I grow slcejiy before you come hack I shall lie down and wait for you; but mind you wake me. I want to sit with you while you smoke.” “ All right. Has your maid gone to bed ? ” “ Yes, I told her she need not sit up.” " Very well, then ; I’ll go down to Framp ton. Mind, if a ghost should makeils appear ance you can receive it with the ■celebrated dagger; I saw it on yourdressing-tabie when we went out. I took it to cut the string round your (lowers.” “ Don’t be silly 1 ” and she pauses with her hand on her bed-room door, to return the kiss without which I cannot yet leave her for ten seconds. Frampton is waiting in the coffee-room profuse in apologies for troubling me. “ At such a time of all others, my dear fellow! Wouldn’t have had it happen for the world ! What will Mrs. St. Maur think of me ? ” However, bis business really is important, Mid do what I will, it is nearly three-quar ters of an hour, and very near midnight, when 1 see liis broad shoulders take themselves off. Boor little Sydney 1 she will be tired to death waiting for me, and 1 dash up stairs to make up for lost time. Sydney is not in the outer room, however, tud I pause for a moment with my back to the fire, and smile as t think I need not have raced so frantically after all. Then I re member what she said about lying down, ami [ move towards the bed room to'sec if she had fallen asleep, when my eye falls upon the “ family jools ” lying in a dazzling heap upon the table. Careless little woman '/-Any me might have come iu and carried them off md she not a bit the wiser. I stoop to gather them up. Something else is lying near them —something almost as bright as they. With, m indescribable sensation I bend nearer and see that it is the Corsican sheath I know so well—the quaint, curious black and gold sheath wound about witii a long shining Lress of golden hair, so smooth, so fine, so sunny it can only be from one head iu all the Why docs my blood turn to ice. and my heart ceases suddenly to heat as T take it in my hand and see that something is smeared upon the freshly severed edges—something wet aud. warm and red, QGG Somehow J. reach Use next room ami da3h open the door; somehow I ero?s the floor ami am beside the white bed, where, all in her pure, dainty bridal robes, her beautiful" hair floating about her like a golden veil, lies my love, my treasure, my blue eyed darling, my bride of a week, so still, so silent, so deathly white, with a long, sharp knife in her heart! 