? A NUMBER of circumstances have combined to make the St. Leger day of the Victoria Racing Club Autumn Meeting a red letier one in the annals of the Victorian turf. Imprimis, the auspicious weather and the knowledge that the fields, though in the main small, were extremely Belect, caused the largest number (over 30,000) of persons to assemble that have ever congregated at a reunion at Flemington. Secundus, the 6ame jockey (Hales) and the same owner (tbe Hon. James White) were successful in the first four races on the card. In the third place, all previous records for tbe Ascot Vale Stakes, the St. Leger and the Newmarket Handicap were clipped, as also that for a mile and a-quarter. Aud to crown all, our New South Wales cousins, at length and at long run, broke the spell that had for such a number of years prevented them from annexing the great six-furlong sprint of the season—the Newmarket Handicap. AND now pardon me if I dilate a little on each of these notable achievements. Touching the attendance little need be said, but withal nothing but- praise. The Railway Department were thorough masters ^ot-^tbe" situation despite the tax on their resource^-rjhe' club officials from Mr. Byron Moore (who alo^'with Mr. Harrie Smith and the stewards, shoulbeen completely paralysed by the array of gyb&^tdMal and blue blood taleut they received on th^a^ir to the strains of the National Anthem)—I regprfMiKe club Officials from H. B. M. downwards perfomf^theinduties asthougk the mammoth attendance w^s*a thing!Of courseK and the" caterer, Harry SkinnafHiad also talien time by ojje forelock, and the bracin^atmosphere c4used it to be " to demonstratioi^that although gobd dJ&estjpa-lfaiti; on appetite—and that verv mucblyj-everMhing was as^ per usual—" up to the knocker." As ft is^afi Englishman's ^ privilege to grumble, for want of anything.feBtler a few growls were given vent to at the sf and books on the course; but if pr purchase of these necessary adju, till they arrive at their destinafcfon, blame but themselves if they /find hardly equal to the demand. I ty pi race cards le \wll put off the to the day's sport leyyfaave no one to •je/supply at hand THEN to come to the woii Kirkham Stud representatives, piloted by that Archer of Australia—Thomas Hales. The sentiment conveyed in Addison's words— 'Tis not in mortals to command success; But we'll do more, Sempronius, we'll deserve it— is certainly not more applicable to any racing devotee in the wide, wide world than it is to the Hon. James White. If he fancies a yearling money will not stop him. When he breeds for himself his nicking of racing blood proves the deep thought be devotes to the subject. And when he has animals worthy of bearing tbe blue and white banner he takes care that they shall be piloted by as skilful a horseman as the colonies can produce. The triple victory of his own sire's (Chester's) sons—Carlvon, Abercorn and Cranbrook—must have been specially pleasing to him; and we Colonials can take heart of grace that it may not be very long ere a colt by the son of the mighty Yattendon shall lead the van past the post in an Epsom Derby. IT is of no use talking, a man can't develop himself till he gets married. And, therefore, I take it that Mrs. Tom muse be given equally as much kudos as Hales himself for his quadruple success. It wasn't in his best style. His best style was never within coo-e- e-y of last Saturday. And I can tell you I plume myself not a little on the possession of such deep sagacity as to discover what waB the cause of the milk in that cocoanut. COMING to tlie time test,last year the flying Hortense won the Ascot Vale Stakes in lmin. 17sec. Previous to that His Lordship held the record with 1.17J, followed ELY Archie with 1.17?. This y»ar the Musket—Lady \ lvian filly Volley has set a go of 1.1and when you consider that she had 8st. 71b. on heif back you will come to the conclusion that she is no end of a good filly. Neither is the daughter of Musket aud Pearl Ash-bv name Pearl Shell, for she was conceding the winner 141b Ah! as 1 have stated ere now, Musket should have died hereafter. Old Commotion had half a second advantage over Grand Flaneur's 3min. iGJsec. for the mile and threequarters and132 yards comprising the St. Leger; and up to Saturday last he took the cake. But Abercorn went tliree-quarters of a second better on Saturday, and vou can take my word for it that the latter's 3.15} will stand aux lor years to come. Not but what as good, or even better, horses may not be foaled in the meanwhile, but you want so many things in a horse's favour to ensure such a gait as that. You see travelling like that means two miles in a tick under 3 34, and three miles in about 5.21, which is exactly Rataplan's record for the journey. But then, Rataplan was not a three-year- old, carrying 8st. 10lb.—which makes all the difference. THE Newmarket Handicap victory of Cranbrook stamps him an equine monstrosity—that's as far as three-quarters of a mile dashes are concerned. Here we have a three-year- old, carrying 8st. 121b.—four pounds over weight for age—and donkey-licking a field of 27 others in the record time for Victoria of lmin. 14£sec. True, Newstead ran the distance in the same time, but Newstead carried weight-for- age only, and Newstead was all out to get home a head in advance of Malua, whilst the giant son of Chester and La Princesse won in a walk by three lengths. Take the nearest approximate time for the same race—Malua in 1884 and Lochiel last year—1.15J, and then compare the weights. Why, Malua only carried Sst. 71b. as a four-year-old, whilst Lochiel was imposted with 8st. as a five. So that I again repeat that Cranbrook is an equine monstrosity at six furlongs at the present time, and should he but develop staying powers with age—and there is no just cause or impediment why he should not—then in a couple of years he will be a very warm cup of tea indeed at any and all distances. BOT prime factor in the great successes of the Kirkham racing establishment is the estimable trainer, Mr. Thomas Peyton. Possessed of a modest, retiring disposition, he is a model of Nature's gentlemen, and everyoue who knows him will heartily endorse that statement. Truly, the mantle of his illustrious predecessor, Mr. M. Fehnelly, has fallen on the shoulders of a worthy disciple. THE Hon. James White has won the Victorian St. Leger three years in succession. Tommy Hales has snavelled it eight times altogether—on Richmond, Bosworih, Grand Flaneur, Navigator, Martini-Henry, Matchlock, Trident and Abercorn. CRANBROOK's starting price was the same as Locliiel's last year—namely, 8 to 1. " HE will win the whole six races !" roared the punters, as Tommy sailed home in front for the Newmarket Handicap. And then they went Nap on Knightsbridge for the Hopeful Stakes, and dashed it down like water at 7 to 4 on. But wasn't it a pull-back ! He rau a bad last! And then the ultra- clever division remarked oracularly—" Well, what else could you expect from a full brother to such a rotten brute as Monte Christo ?" Ah! that's a beautiful thing, the after game—isn't it? Albeit, when you come to consider it, there's more logic in backing a sister to Martini-Henry (Musket-Sylvia), like Forest Queen, than there is in depending too much on such erratic behaviour as the descendants of Chester and Kathleen have shown themselves capable of. Mr. A. R. Blackwood has got hold of another undoubted good one in Forest Queen, as tier five furlongs in lm. •lAsec., and the run off in a second faster, amply demonstrated. BY-the-way, the carping critics won't have the times registered on Saturday at any price. Aud they point to the -2min. SJsec. of tbe Brunswick Stakes in suport of their contention, and confidently assert that The eoman couldn't possibly run so close up in such time. ut that's all bosh. Last Thursday morning I saw The eoman hold his own with Cyclops for a mile and a- uarter on the sand track, and the brace traversed the istance in 2 15}. Of course, there wouldn't be 7 seconds ifference between the sand track and the course proper; ut although I timed the previous record holder for the istance (St. John, 1. 8?) I never saw him do anything pproaching The Yeoman's gallop. Again, they say, " Mentor is not as good as that; for if Mick O'Brien had thought so he would have backed his mount, whereas he adn't a shilling about him." Well, I don't know anything bout that; but I do know that Mentor is by Swiveller out of Nightmare, and Swiveller has thrown one or two fast ones in his time, whilst Nightmare is only a full sister to Commotion — by Panic out of Evening Star, that's all. Friend "Plenipo" timed some of the races, and agreed to a tick with the official return ; whilst, as a matter of fact, the Brunswick Stakes he made a shade faster. CONQUERING and to conquer the Hon. James White and Hales pursued their victorious career on Tuesday. Opening with winning the valuable Sires' Produce Stakes (one of the plums of the meeting) with Volley, the seal was put upon their efforts by Carlyon making a waiting race in front for the Australian Cup, and eventually winning it comfortably, if not easily. Of course, the after-game was played—had a pace been made for the first three-quarters of a mile Carlyon might have cracked up towards the finish. Certainly, pigs might fly; they are very unlikely birds, though good chargers. JACK KING'S victory in the Hur> very popular one; and certainly rider in Australia—bar none, not < done with Leperello what no one else doing. THAT was a bitftrf a shindyyjm like, after the EJublic Auction Stftke£. D. WiUi^ms rjbde Dexter, and won; but not a few; on the/grand ^tand and lawn, imagined that Davis and jBfilaney (tbe riders of Dividend and Fapgfe^a -Ballagh and respectively) od^ dexterously—ahd Jlostf However, the stewards consider the defencetiffered—that the terrific pace iad told upon " Di ividend/tand he and Faugh-a-8allah Certainly carved;oif t a terlfblecLve furlongs)—was feasible onHhe face />'£' itf, and ok no further notice of the mattetv / / I amused/i^iys^lf on distances imxhe Austral' of my " cloiskm to cover; th'e-4ai and the last inil ; pes&ay.by; timing various Cup, and this was the result six furloiigs took lmin. 26sec. urfon&q;, lmin. 17sec. (9aecs. faster) iin. 39J&ec.; SOME peomeS^vpt of dpijp'ped ou to nice nest eggs over theNlQu^f<3rafil5rq^k and Carlyon. Everybody who is anybody \n Carlton knows Mr. M. Fitzgerald. Well his selections wete-rfot "absolutely last "on this occasion — they were absolutely first, and tbe one thousand pounds to five landed still further attests tbe fact. " The Lane," too, had a bit of a say in the matter; as Charley Champion (of the Queen s Legs) quickly scooped up five hundred to two pounds ten. What sort, Charley, old pal ? What sort ? THE handicaps not being declared for the third and fourth days' racing at the time of writing, I must confine myself to selecting the weight-for-age races and the Steeplechase, whilst hazarding ian opinion that if RAVENS WORTH be in the humonr and notcrushed with weight he will win the Second Hurdle Race. The others should result something as follows:— CHAMPION STAKES. (Three miles.) AIthRCORN and ARSENAL. SPECIAL JUVENILE STAKES. EPICUREAN 1 VOLGA Ambition ALL-AGED STAKES. HALES' MOUNT NELSON My Lord STEEPLECHASE. YANKEE GRAB RO^AL OAK Marmion LOCH STAKES. CARLYON MALUA Arsenal THE following paragraph appeared amongst " Olla Podrida" in Saturday's Sporting Life (published in Sydney):—" They say that sometimes when Tommy Corrigan, the celebrated Victorian steeplechase rider, appears in the pigskin, he is as ' merry as a cricket.' His condition, however, does not apparently interfere with his success, for he keeps on winning. Is it Dutch courage that Tommy thus manufactures, or is the 30IUness mere excitement ? Steve Mahon, another old Victorian rider, who steered the famous mare, Modesty, to victory about thirty times, never mounted her for a race without making the sign of a cross upon his forehead." Now that's a bit suggestive, to say the least of it. As far as Corrigan wanting Dutch courage to ride a steeplechase —that will not hold water, because everybody knows that his nest is quite well enough feathered for him to enjoy his otium cum digmtate whenever he thinks proper, without risking his neck over fences again. As far as his jollity is concerned—well, he is often taken that way. Let's see, last Monday was settling day, wasn't it ? Well, Tommy had a hundred jimmies to part over Victim, and although a hundred pounds is a hundred pounds to anybody, lie was jolly enough as he remarked to a friend, " It's only a loan they are getting." As for Steve Mahon, he denies the assertion altogether. " I never was a coward in my life," remarked the ve e 'an to me, as I chaffed him over the affair. " It's right enough that I rode the grey mare thirty winning mounts, but my prayers didn't trouble me to that extent on any occasion." MATTERS promise to take a somewhat lively turn in athletics on Saturday night. At the now popular Apollo Hall Mr. Nathan promises patrons a treat in the shape of agenuine set- to between Costello, the American, and Mr. Buck, the Amateur Champion. On this gay and festive occasion, too, Martin Costello will throw out a challenge that should excite a gentle flutter in the ranks of exponents in the noble art. I am glad to see that Mr. Nathan's efforts to popularise the Apollo are meeting with the success they deserve. "THERE is something in the distresses of our best friends not altogether displeasing to me." Aye! that's so. And that"6 how it was that after Harry Boyle had displayed the most perfect style and praiseworthy care in achieving a scientific duck-egg last Saturday, such a number of Job's comforters inquired and with apparent feeling whether the ball broke. However, if he was a bit. off colour with the bat his bowling was simply invaluable to his side on tbe Friday, as he got Newton and Peel for next to nothing when tbe brace looked set for the day. THE ditto repeato administered by Vernon's team to the Sixth Australian Eleven was not unexpected, as on tbe first day of the match G's to 4 on the Englishmen were as plentiful as blackberries, the backers of tbe Colonials standing out for 2 to 1. Oh, stow the wet wicket business-Peel (35). Read (25) O'Brien (23) and Vernon (11) didn't find it so very, very difficult, evidently, aud this, too, although the mighty Turner was working the catapult. Their most ardent admirers now admit that the Australian team wants improving—almost out of existence. THE actions of the Victorian Cricketers' Association ofttime passeth all understanding. About the middle of January a Cricket; Conference held m Melbourne decided that no player other than a professional (mark you that!) should be allowed more that ten shillings per day for loss of time during the continuation of a match. And yet at a recent meeting of the Association, when accounts were sent in from Messrs. M'Shane Walters aud Houston for pecuniary loss occasioned to them in connection with, the Intercolonial Matches— M'Shane asking for 13 days' pay—three days for the Melbourne match,,and ten days in Sydney; Walters for £4 10s. each for;tlie Sydney and Adelaide matches, and Houston for £4 8s.—it wss decided that none lof these accounts-could be paid under the rules of the Association as the players in question-were hot professionals. THIS was bad enough in al] conscience, but their subsequent action with regard to Drysdale and Letcher was even more asinine. Thoroughly disgusted with the shabby and scurvy manner in which he has been treated time after time by members of the Association whom he has selected to represent the colony, Mr. W. H. Cooper has very properly refused to bow down to these sometime cricketing idols any longer, and has sought for f*-».sh talent amongst the junior ranks. But this is evidei tly a fearful crime in the eyes of the V.C.A.; albeit they quit lifted themselves a little by altering Mr. Gordon's fii BJ motion that juniors could not be selected to one which ostracised players not connected with associated clubs. This is legislHtion run mad with a vengeance. As a " matter of fact, Letcher was a member of the East Melbourne Club when the motion was passed, and as Drysdale has since become one, the only result of the Association's dog-in-the-manger policy is that they have made themselves greater objects for ridicule than ever. THE distance Ballarat is located from the metropolis precludes the football clubs in that district taking their proper places in the championship list at the end of the season. Tbe journey is a long one to and fro, and—speaking for metropolitan clubs—the risk of not getting their best men to go, and the certainty of requiring their very best to secure a victory, make the undertaking of the trip a matter of grave consideration. A letter in Tuesday's Age, under the heading of the " Football Premiership," waB evidently commeuced with the idea of doing something towards altering tbe existing state of things; but unfortunately the writer allowed tbe black bile of personal malignity to get the better of him, and by his caddish and inane remarks did liis.caUBe more harm than good. I was an eye-witness last Saturday in the M.C.C. pavilion of the arduous exertions made' by the secretary of one of the --Ballarat clubs (Mr. Berry) to secure good matches during the season, I am sorry to say with but little success. Hopes were expressed that very shortly the time occupied journeying between Ballarat and Melbourne will be much curtailed and then, no doubt, a change will come o'er the spirit of the scene. But uutil then such effusions as the following should be carefully Bub-edited before appearing in print. It carries its own condemnation ;— THE FOOTBALL PREMIERSHIP. (TO THE EDITOR OF THE "AGE.") Srn,—At the close of last season the Victorian Football Association determined to award tbe premiership of this coming season to the club that finished with tbe greatest number of points, provided that such club did not play less than 16 matches with associated clubs. Now, sir, I understand that our leading clubs are refusing to meet the Ballarat clubs, which is equivalent to putting the latter out of the running for the championship. Cannot this be remedied by the arrangement of matches being put in the hands of the association ? The only clubs that have played regularly at Ballarat are the Melbourne, tbe Fitzroy, the South Melbourne and the Geelong. aud they have been placed at a great disadvantage thereby. Last season the Geelong played three matches against Ballarat Clubs, and the loss of one of these matches gave the premiership (according to the usual system of awarding it) to the Carlton. We can hardly blame those clubs that have hitherto not feared to meet the Ballarat clubs for refusing, under the circumstauoes, to arrange for the continuance of those matches, but surely those clubs, such as the Essendon and Carlton, that, as a rule, carefully abstain from meeting these dangerous opponents are not unworthy of our contempt. Allow me to suggest to all such clubs that by refusing to play against the Geelong at Geelong, they will omit from their list of matches one that is not at all likely to improve their record.—Yours, &c.; C.'A. OF course, there's bound to be a big push on the Melbourne Cricket Ground on Saturday afternoon, when Melbourne and Geelong try conclusions. The game is timed to start at 5 o'clock, and the teams will play for an hour and a-half. If B. J. W. takes my advice he will make the outside ground admission sixpence after 4 o'clock. The teams will be selected from the following: — GEELONG. MELBOURNE Boyd, A. M'Shane, T. Bailey King, A. Bailey, S. Parker Barnes, R. King, H. Conway, J. Parkin Burn, K. Munroe Davey, G. Pike, J. Burns, W. Murphy Goddard, F. Robertson Buncle M'Kenzie Groves, R. Rannard, D. Ewing M'Crindle Grundell, J. Reid, R. Franks Robinson Hickinbotham, D. Fox Rusden Julien, J. Sykes, H. Garton Strachan Kerwood Talbot Graves Stub Morrison, A. Thompson, R. Hallett Tuckfield Kelly Wosnad Members of both clubs will be admitted to the grand stand or ground on production of their last season's tickets. THE friends of Bill White will be right glad to hear that he is fast approaching convalescence. It will pass without saying that he has suffered a martyrdom whilst the flesh has been healing after the amputation ; but from all accounts he has stood it like a Trojan. lam sorry to learn that some of Will's friends imagined I treated bis misfortune in a previous paragraDh with undue levity. lean assure them theygrievously misunderstood my object. Suffice it to say that I>had an object, and that I attained that object. For the rest, believe me, I have all too recently come off a severe bed of sickness myself not to be able to extend some little sympathy towards anyone laying writhing in agony. THE hour was 11 o'clock. The day, last Saturday. The place, the Temple Court Hotel. The dramatis persona, the Civil Servant, the Schoolmaster and the Journalist. The C. S. bad shut his left visual organ, and after placing a beverage close to the tight optic had applied it to the orifice, during the performance of which feat, and whilst the M Cracken was 6lowly trickling down to where Truth is supposed to lay, the Pedagogue had thrice asked him the same question. But not until the C. S. had tapped the heel of the heel-tap did he respond ; and then it was in a voice more of sorrow than of anger that he remarked: "Gill, when you see a man with a glass of beer in his band like that you ought to know by this time that it is a very Solemn Moment, and you should not keep on putting interrogations to him." At which Dominie Sampson looked so crestfallen that I thought it just as well to scoot. I DO not know whether it was original or not, but when The Baron was an Arch Chapter of the Hoyal Ancient Order of Babylonian Cemented Bricks, he was wont towards the close of the afternoon to intone the following:— " Not drunk is he who from the floor Can rise again and still drink more; But drunk is he who prostrate lies Without the power to drink or rise." Alackaday! The Baron faded from the sight of the Cemented Bricks like the baseless fabric of a dream, aud it was not uutil Saturday last that I discovered his whereabouts. 'Twas then a letter, bearing the Hamilton postmark, was placed in my hand, and on opening it I discovered that he was engaged "fashioning the R.C. juvenile protoplasm to fit into its Procrustean mould." (Good boy, Jim!) It was with a " fixed and horrent gaze" (Bulwer Lytton) that I read the concluding portion of the following:—" Rev. and dear Brother R.A.O.B.C.B.,—When in foaming flagon freely passing did you last moisten your clay in the company 01 the Cemented Bricks in conclave assembled? You will all regret to hear that the worthy Baron is pining for the beer pots of the Babylonic halls. Alas! pining in an enforced exile amongst the spud-growers of the Western District. There are four pubs up here, and they charge sixpence for a long beer ! It's enough to make a Past Grand Cemented Brick squirm in his coflin at such a state of savagery. Worse even than that—the local optionists are going to close two of the four, and then a long sleever will become a matter of ancient history." Great Csesar's ghost 1 What with The Baron expatriated (another wrong inflicted on the most distressful country) and Sir Herky with the peg in for Seven Weeks now (tell it not in Gatb, publish it not in Beer Sbebft), I shall Ire incontinently compelled to forswear sack, purge myself, and live cleanly. OLYMPUS. 