:Warnings and Omens. :Breaking. a looking-glass is considered by many people as a fearful calamity. "No luck.for seven years," says the superstitious. For their benefit, let me tell them that the write 'of' ti's `broke a looking- glass on the morning she sailed for Europe, and she ex perienced- no -trouble during her trip, re turned, in good health, and found all heir friends enjoying the sam~e. Warnings are veryr curious arid ineipli -oable.. -Everyone remiembersthe 'mysterious call of Rochester to Jane Eyre, in Charlotte Bronte's novel.. I can tell of a circumstance of which -I.,.positively. know, equally as strange. ;A'pl in,?iratical, 'miaterof.-fact woman, with not- the- slightest leaning to wards ocultismn in any form, was canning fruit in her kitchen ,one'day..' 'Suddenly she heard the voice:of hebrs iilor son calling her, " Mother, mother, . mother." So' near' it seemed that her first thought was that- her son had unexpectedly returned, and leaving her work, she ran into the sitting-room, cry ing out that Hairy had'come, and could not" but believe .but that'he was there hidden, somewheie ready to spring out ?at 'her. It. was afterwards found that at this time her eofaiis?'lying: dangerously' ill: with typhus fever in Japan.i He lived to come home and hear this strange story, and to wonder if in ,his delirium he had-'called upon his mother,. and over thousands of miles of sea and land, through some mysterious and occult channels his cry had come to his mother's ears. I know of another occurence as incomprehen sible as the last. A young man of my ac quaintance went several miles from home to have a dangerous surgical operation per formed. His mother accompanied him, but his father remained at home. In the parlor of the house there stood on a table an old worn-out music-box, broken and run down. For years-it had -not played a tune, and was regarded as utterly *orthless. One morning what was the father's astonishment -to hear this'music-box suddenly begin playing. No hard had touched it, and the dust lay thick upon it. The next day news was brought to the father of his'son's'death. He died at the hour the music-b! x began playing I -'One riiore iniitaice for which:I can vouch. A.party of gay young men were making a night of it at' a.well:known hoteLin an East ern city. They had drunk deep, and one of them at length realised that he ought to go home.'- So heo'eSoke to his brother-in-law, at at ?whose house ,he was living, told him he was going, and said he had better come with him. But his brgther-in-law shook him off, sa d he knew whei to stop, and so the young man-set outi by,.himself, went:home and to bed.,,.He. had slept but a short tiniewhen he `h'ida:his brother-in.law-cill"hiii' twice in a-sharp tonrie - He 'sprang from his' bed and'raWndown'to. openthe front door for:him, thinking he was too fuddled to.use his latch key. What was. his surprise to find' no one there. So sure was he that h had h'd aid his relative calr that he was troubled about it, and oh 'returning: to. his room:he struck" a match, and looked at his watch. : It wis 1.45. His.brother-in-law did not'icone' that night, or the next? day, or the ~iext., Search was iade for him'everywhere. He was known to have left the hotel ata certain,hour.; His wifewias frantic, and the police-were baffled. Ten, days after his, disappearance ihe was found at- the bbttom of the' canal near. the. city. When his watch was taken froim his pocket and opened-the bands pointed to These are not fictions gleaned from, ghost stories-thley 'are positive faits' *ithin my 'kiibwledge;- I give:them fbr their value. Sailors are proverbially superstitious. Every one has heard of the superstitions concerning ,sharks following ships-that is that'there will soon be a death on board, but an:- old:: sailor assures me that this is more of a superstition on-land than with those that follow the sea. Not so, however, With the'killing of tbe stormy .petrel (Moth er. Carney's-. chickens) Old sailors believe that the albatross contains the spirit of de parted sea captains and the petrel th'e souls of the.old salts; therefore these birds are held Sabried':ib sailorsi:the -world:over. This same?r sailor friend ,tells me, of three very funny, examples of superstition that occnrre~d ona voyage he inade fifbni'Coloi?b, C lon to London,. " We had had-a fine slant of wind which took ns 'fron§dColombo to.the I:.auritizs,: and were bowling: along,:toward the Cape with stunsails slow and aloft. Iiwas at the wheel i inthe flit tch/wheiin werperetrck by a' white :iisqiall All :li'ands ::wer called to -ihorten sail, but we were: thrown:- on our beani-enidis, and lay there ten hours, with our yard.arms in .the waters the decks being swept and 'tihe friont, of ,thi' cabin being knloked in by,'the I waves.- -Thii 'Shipi finally "ightebd;l and -thle .akipperigoing histrounde discovered, nailed: up over the buank,,of the second mate, a pair -of. Cape: pigeonwi ings. He immediately' maide thle air bliiftl, ?and ha-d the wings thrown over-bbaird,r saying 'they were the ~'ase of 'our trouble. ",We had -a black cat on board' of which the ;,odld man wai very fond.~. One night as I was agaoinoin watch, in a dead calm, I heard two of the mmost unearthly yells coming fromi'-oer the stern of the vessel. "The man at thel wheel 'dalled oriut that'thie cat had jumped- over hoard in a fit;/-It. had evidently caught' oni ,to the:rudder, but was sobn drowned'by the '' Tf'~el xt 'moriigg, to tease the steward, I told :hinm that thd:cat hadrgone- away on a broom'?tick: the. .night . before and that we should:never get. to London.' The p~ior fel low .was almost :paralyzed with terror, and -went, 8straightivay - to the cadptainr&: rThe litter canie on deck and' raked. me doer for not backing.up::thed yards and picking'hj the cat, sayling that the oIbss of the animll W:as more.againsf the luck of the ship thian the.loss' 6f an man·i odild be,'mid'vwithnmy( spewing'ldoljhii and: the secolid matekill ing Capeigen igzanid the loss of 'thiercatihe' knew'v?ery wel'l we ishodhI d iever reach 