DIEECT TELEGBAMS FROM EUROPE A fire which has occurred in a house in the Bowery, New Turk, bas resulted iu IS persons being killed. Several others received serious injuiies. Ao eruption has taken place in the island of Stronboli, off the noitb coast of Sicily which is reported to be doing an immense amount of damage. Iu reply to the protect of Sir Graham Berry, tbe agent-general of Victoria, against tbe decision ol tbe British postal authorities iu regard to tbe day for tbe despatch of tbe mails for Europe from Australia, Mr llaikes, the Postmaster Geueral, bas lutimated tb.it the decision cannot he altered. Mr Uaikes expresses the hope that the agents general will eudeavour to induce tbe colouies to accept the situation. The btatemeut made that a meeting had bee: arranged to take place between Her XJ/.j -atj- tbe Q'jeen and the Emperor William at Baiieu on September 30 bas been officially contradicted. Italy has informed the powers that she has hoisted the Iialiau Hag at Zi.l-, a seaport of Abyssinia, about 30 mil-a tout!) of Mas-owah, on the Red Sea. The Itiforma states tnai Zuila was annexed by the Italiau Government at the uigent request of the natives. The Citizen, of Loudon, publishes a statement that Lord Carringtou has intimated a desire to resign his post as Governor of New .So: . Wales before the end of the present year. [We have the best authority for giving the stateuimt refeired to iu the above message an absolute contradiction. — ED. A. 1 The report of the Paii-Anglicao Conference, which has been sitting at Lambeth, has been |iub Imbed. The cenTerence bas resolved that the Anglican Church will not recognise divorce unless adultery has beeu prov-d, au>l the church wdl refuse to remarry the gulity party concerned iu tbe divorce. I'lio conference has also decided that no polvuauiixt shall be admitted to baptism iu connection with the missions of the chuicb. The report approves of the suggestion that the leading bishops of the colonies should receive the title of archliisliop, hut 110 actual decisiou has beeu come to ou tue q<i. siiou. Dr. Moure, the Roman Catholic Bishop of Bailarat. intends sailing froui England ou bis retirn jiumey to Viot .ria iu Octiiier. He has arranged to establish orders ot tile Si.-lers of Xazare h ami Fathers of the Congregation of the Holy Ghost 111 Billarar. It is announced that G'-rinany bas established a protectorate over Pleasant Island, iu the Marshall Group. Tile Rev. Mr Hunter, uiinis'er at Stornoway, iu the island ol Lewis, who lec.utly received a letter from Mrs Jessie Campbell Browne, of Sydney, offering pecuniary assist nice towards the sending out ol lOOU cr..;t r families to New South Wales, bas replied that he is unable to eutertain the proposal itui.il he riceives d» tails as to the measures intended to be adopted for their settlement in the colony. It is believed that the native chief Dinizulit, who recen ly engaged iu a rising against the British in Zululaud, has fled into the Transvaal. Squadrons ot the British fleet have heen engaged ill Operatious 10 test the efficiency of the defence of the United Kingdom. Portion of the fleet was under the command of Admiral Sir George Tryon, amougst his vessels being 11 M.S. Calypso, 1G guiif, and H.M.S. gunboat Sri'ler, The Calypso was successful 111 eluding the blockading squadrons, which were under the command of Aduiiial Baiid and Uear-Ailinir.il Rowley, and oai.lured the towu ot Oban, in A"«\I shire, Sootlaun : whilst the Spider l.omhanied Greenock, in tie Clyde, and Campbrl t IWII, in toe peninsula of Can tyre. Admiral Tryon claims to have destroyed ihe shipping in 1 t!i--e |> iris. ihe Nord D'-vt-ichr. asserts that the document published by toe t reiicij periodical La $ olivette J'rvue. pur|Mu Ling to be a secret report dra* u up I.J Prince I'-iMiiarck Netting forth his objections ti toe iiuriKige of the Princess Vict nia of Germany aud Prince Alexander of Battenberg, is a forgery. Authentic intelligence has now heen r ceived by tbe G ivrnment stating that the Z1I11 chiet, Dinizulu, has not, as we supposed, i-ff ct-d his escape 10 tli' Transvaal, but is with U.tabuko 13 theCiza bu»b.: He is accompanied by a force e-timati-d to amount to 2,(1011 men Sir Arthur Haveiock, tbe J Gov. rnor ot Naial, has received assurance from the G ivernmem of tbe TrciosiV.al that ihe> i>l adopt every means to prevent the B o.-rs from asM-oiia Dioizilu aud his men. 1: is reported that t ie owners ot tue Oceanic line of m-iil .s'eamers running he> »eeu Sao F. ani:isc)and :lie A'lS'raiaoa 1 cul oii.-s have decided io ceast running their steamers at t-r November uex\ The eruption of Stromholi. a volcanic peak forming one "f the Lipari 1-laods, still continues. Rumours are abroad that a conspiracy IIKS been j foroi*d. having for its obj cc the wrecking ill : trains ni the United Kingdom "y exp'osives placed uiiderg-oiind, and arrangements are made to have the l"te- »• oiied by patrols. Mrs. G >'d .u-Baillie, who. »i:h bur husband Mi. : Percival Frosi, has been commi'l'd f r trial tor j defrauding tradesmen, has beeu iibeiae. l ou bail 1 of LI ,000. j Excursions to Samaraka id, the new lemhius j of the Russian railway into Ceiitial Asi», ar= being organised ir Paris. Tiie journey ihere and luck | will occupy fi;rty-nine days, and tile lare is fixed i at L2<K>. I The operations which have been pmce-dini for j the purp is-of testi ;g the tffiuencj of tile drf -nce of theU .ited Kingdom have ended, m l ihe hiock ade has been nis"d. Toe cruisers iiu.ter the command of Adnrral Si' G-oraeTryon, winch in-.J succeeded in eiu li u the blockadioi.' equi.lro.i, imve been eogag.-d iu harrying a number of merchant ships. Iu the House of Cuoimous ou Monday evening, Sir James Ferguson, the I'ljjJ Foreign Affairs, made a statem^l X|i:u»ion by the French of thc J missionary of the London MissiomJ the island of Mare. He sa^ hope that tlii French author,:,, again to admit ihe Rev. Mr. J,„. added that nothing derogatory >fJ j Jones's character had been prov-,] ] that Mr. Junes had conduc-d meritorious work ou the island. 