prominent ' TTTP- HIBBBHIAK SOCIETY, On a question with respect to which we confess to some mis* givings we are in a small measure reassuredby a resolution at which the Hibernian Society has arrived. The financial position of an institution of the kind should be above suspicion, and the society has not escaped For a considerable time it has been doubtful that the contributions were sufficiently high to secure to the members one and all the benefits for which they contracted. There are people who even predicted that the time could not be distant when it would become alarmingly evident that the calculations on which the income was originally arranged were much at fault, and now threatened insolvency. It did not escape the notice of friends of the society that it had not raised its scale of contributions to the level required by the Government actuary, and had taken no prudent step whatever for restoring confidence in its financial management and position. Whilst other benefit societies had complied with the requirements of the law, tbe Hibernian Society failed to do so, its officers, as we may suppose, adhering to tie opinion that their own judgment was more reliable than the opinion of the independent and impartial- officer who audited the accounts under the Statute. The society has now, we are glad to say, taken some step to set itself right on the all-important question of solvency. Whether the changes proposed are adequate is another matter, the consequence of which must, for some Sme, remain rather uncertain and problematical. The chief object sought is to induce by small fees a large number of young people to join the society. In actuarial calculations success in such an effort would count for much, as the contributions of these members in the' days of youth and health would help largely to the accumulation of capital from the interest of which the claims of the aged and infirm could be met. The principle' underlying the new rules on this point is sound, out whether it will work fully up to the requirements is a question for the Government Statist, and we most sincerely hope that he will be watchful in this and in all similar cases, and will rigidly insist that assets and liabilities' shall balance so as to prevent all danger of disaster. In his report for 1886 he says that several of the societies have failed to effect the financial reforms which were pointed out as necessary, and the Hibernian Society is included in the nnmber. And this is not the first time that this society has been distinguished in this unenviable manner. It may seem to some persons that we should refrain from directing attention to that fact; hut, in view of the special interests we' have as Catholic and Irish journalists in the affairs of this association, silence in such a case would be a grave dereliction of duty on our part. Even as a bare possibility, it is painful to contemplate the widespread hardship and suffering that would result from a collapse 1 in this caste ; and, apart from that weighty consideration, we are actuated by another motive, and' one 'easily surmised, in the Solicitude which prompts us to be outspoken in our observations. The domes* factor 80cialMB0Mequences -0f insolven cy jyip.npt, those ^one;.o^hich hayp to be seMidered . in : . - connection with this society, and it is on that account all the more imperative that means entirely adequate to the occasion should be promptly taken for putting the affairs of the society on a footing so obviously sound that not the least objection cpuld be taken to its management. 'On ithis oint our., ponvictions ire so stropg ihat, Jid the power to, ta"ke that pourse rest in bur hands: we should insistthat the society, in .justification of the; title it assumed, should furnish,-within reasoniable time, indubitable proof that it had complied ip all i- respects with the conditions Which ate considered egsfential-" 1 to permianent' Solvency; Now, when danger is 'not , at' all imminent, and when it nueht' be averted'St •smajl cost i&.pfe.'meipoafc, is the seasonable time for effecting.fanyjcefoims.tHat JBight, upon .close investigation, be, found igcppsary. , ..• , •, a-A , •- o. , f.i-' '. ; .1 _ • r !•.,,, • • • . jpD, AflTBAT. which .the jQ-ovdmnifent 1: ' • shotild 'be ; thankful to j^effielfyuina. jdaily ','Preg$.',. For Jit?, «nd ia: prolongation of life, the ^Ministry a ... not know anything of his heart but we do know that the Premier has a hard head, and it is therefore puzzling to us how it came about, that he suffered himself to beBO completely misled on the Chinese Question. He and his colleagues were more easily led astray than the most guileless and soft- hearted victim who ever fell from the state of grace. And it was all done almost as speedily as a conjuror turns watch into a guinea pig. By an editorial breath. they w^exe overcome. They were told in ehorus that the Chinese should be kept out, and accepting the word as that of the people, and therefore inspireid, they did keep them out, without being at all particular as to the means adopted for the purpose* But the illegal prohibition is bringing pains and penalties after it. The pain has been already experienced in the humiliation attending the release of the Chinese by the Burrumbeet who, according to a ingenious fiction woven by the Commissioner of Customs/were not prisoners, though kept in close confinement and denied their liberty. The penalties have yet to come, or we are much mistaken. But the hardest thing to bear must be the desertion of the Tory organ. When the Ministry entered upon evil courses by overruling the law it was much encouraged by the tacit sanction of that journal; but the very moment it became evident that the Government had got itself- into a difficulty it was deserted by the friend whose help was most valuable because least expected. Now the aider and abettor has become the censor. The Government whom it helped to betray, is solemnly lectured on the impropriety and dangers of the course it has taken. It is warned against yielding to the popular cry of the hour, and is told how much more dignified and safer its position would be had it observed the law and given the benefit of it to the'few Chinamen whose claims upon it were unquestionable^ In the • sting of a serpent there is not more venom than in reproof of this kind from such a quarter. In the humiliations of the situation there could not be anything more exasperating than a lecture from the accomplice who, in the sight of failure and danger, backed out of the affair. WHILST in another MONEY place we reject the idea AND JUSTICE, that the City Court bench in dismissing a charge of theft that was preferred against the wife of a respectable citizen was inluenced in its decision by the social position of the accused, we do not pretend that oney is not a powerful lever in courts of ustice. The case we have cited is a proof that it is, for fin a ifense, though not a orrupt sense, the decision given was seured by money. If a poor and innocent oman had been arrested on.the charge, aw or justice would indeed have taken a different course. There would have been o influential friends to shield her from the, indignity of imprisonment; there would have been no laws delays in her case to save her from a hasty inquiry, for there would have, been no oney, to fee counsel and doctors. She could not again and again have got a remand, which in each instance meant no sm."ll expenditure. From her state of health, supposing it to be similar to that of her fortunate sister, it would never occur to, her that she was irresponsible, and, therefore, she would put in no such plea. In her case the law piust, liftVe taken its couise, an^ that Jor her would be a conviction and imprisonment. Thus money, ^oughrit^may be powerless to corrupt the bench, inay succeed in enlightening it,'and in so shielding a rich woman from an ° undeserved fate from which a poor sister, equally ihnoceht, could not escape! . _TH|BE are people who PAEKES would dare to say that AFTBB- AJ-AX. ' Sir- Henryafter •; ^defying x j Supreme ourt, the Governor, and the British fleet, racked down on ;thie Chinese Qdetftion. But perish the .thpught. ,(6j4yithpse who are not fully acquainted with ithe circumstances of the case ^coutd'iffipute cowardly submission to such a hero. He didsay that ; not one ot the Chinese should come several ItBaiilhtfvfc aso&Efc.; But what of, thatrf He had nothing to do TOth,it. ! >;;Eter3Hc^^tiMaT with his career, is 5 awafre'thht he is incapable of ••••A., _»: •w&kMffifcw; a promise o] ^yiolating a moral pledge. He.did not -that a. ML, .-- „ . libellers P He acteda nobleand dignified partj thoughj a 1 - ipasBivenoHe.f > " •firmlyto'hiB'seritat'the ©MSB -^ a Supreme Court judge, the or the Admiral, or the three together, had there approached him and demanded that the Chinese should be admitted, his answer would have been a stern refusal. They knew better than to ask him to eat his own words, and, to avoid a refusal, the Supreme Court took another coarse. It served on an inferior officer of the Government the writ Sir Henry, would have tornup in vindicationof the country s honour, and in defiance of its own laws; and that inferior officer, without consulting him, admitted the Chinese. He could not help it, and he is not to be blamed for it, and. when his statue, in heroic proportions, is being moulded, it should not be forgotten that he was a man who greatly dared, and was quite prepared to carry out Ms threats if his courage had been put to the test. If justice be done him, this episode in his life will suggest the attitude in which he should be represented, and the sculptor may fitly take inspiration from the statue of Ajax defying the lightning. If a hint were privately taken from judge, Governor, or admiral, anyone of them might be tempted to suggest a pewter presentment of Bombastes Furioso, or a group in delf representing a Mongolian spitting at the Kiama ghost; but if Sir Henry should be spared a few years in private life he may succeed in surviving the ridicule with which he must now be regarded in official circles and in the Chinese camp. A COIIMUNITT of feeling COMMUNITY not only makes men OF wondrous kind, but at- FBELING. taches them to each other, and that being the case, recent events must have served to establish quite a brotherly feeling between the Premiers of Victoria and New South Wales. There have been small misunderstandings between them on intercolonial affairs, and there has been a little of the personal jealousy which great men, when brought into close relationship, are apt to betray; but by the powerful attraction which draws fellow-sufferers together the unpleasant effect of such differences will be wiped out, and we may hope to hear that on an early occasion they have most coxdially drunk to each other's better luck the next time. It is just as well that they should not meet immediately, for in exchanging views on the Mongolian question they might be tempted to use language that would not be edifying if recorded, and the ubiquity of the Press is one of the wonders of the age. _ They have each suffered so much humiliation at the hands of the Chinese that, if brought together at once, their feelings might overcome them with apoplectic consequences. For the present, it is best that they should confine themselves to an interchange of consolatory notes. SOME of our pro- out conspiring against, we (iaw BUII^w endangering, their imputations .Majheuj liberty.Jagree to a falsp rejort; ; and." there were no groundg-for that P4 which the acquittal was based. then tfcere mwp have been collusion bfetweeh the family physicians ' and the ; m^dicaL nien who acted on -b'eMf^tif^ it: is titteifly' %ipitohfcble ./thai 'su6h wis of the .accused* . W ^ f f l S have been,® mere rfnatter,of formality, of •THE vincial contempo- EAPFIPOBT CASK, raries regard, with much suspicion the conclusion that was reached in this case. It is very broadly hinted that, it is. another illustration of the truth , that there is one law for the .rich and another for the poor, but in putting the case in that light they have fallen, as we think, into an error of : judgment, and have cast on the bench an Undeserved reflection. That section of the press which has taken an unfavourable yiew of the dismisdjill has not exceeded its functions or beeii wittingly unkind to the family on whom public reproach was brought, .but, by a commendable jealousy, for the purity of the bench, suspicion has been aroused on insufficient grounds. If the . opinions of half a dozen of the most respectable medical practitioners 1 in' Melbourne are worth anything the lady- charged wasMot responsible for her aets when she possessed herself of the articles foxaid ;on hejc person. The medical J gentlemWi E L w aone-W^-^VW 086 *>f p^^tyin'thead- 5 " ^ o ^ P M M However the police authorities m&v; « gard the course taken, it seems clel £ us that the majority of people pleased that a stigma has not fallen on, respectable family who for many have enjoyed the.esteem.of their feli„? w- citizens'. '•«"•" . THE 'KSPOSAI, OP IHB .ujs^. At * v ery flltl period of the discus, sion on this snbject, and long before the ecclesiastical authorities in Eome expressed any disapproval of cremation, we set forth the objections to it on Christian and Catholic grounds pointing out that, for the most part the people who were endeavouring to b'rW the practice into use were the bitterer enemies of religion, and, at the same time, the most reckless and unscrupulous propagandists of revolutionary doctrine, By a high ecclesiastical authority in England cremation has been lately condemned. The Bishop of Salford presided at, a meeting of the Manchester and Sal- ford Sanitary Association, at which the subject oE the disposal of the dead was discussed. Dr. Emrys Jones stated that in his opinion there was only one method of dealing with the dead tliat was efficient, sanitary, and ideal, and that method of disposal was cremation. His lordship in moving a vote of thanks to Dr. Jones for his lecture, denounced the system of cremation as detestable, and as having its origin to a large extent in antipathy to Christianity, in the disposition to re. gard a dead human body merely as a mass of decaying animal matter and not as the temple of the soul, and the tabernacle of the Holy Ghost, which was destined to rise again. He could not say that the burning of the body was a denial of the doctrine of the resurrection; but its tendency was to weaken belief in that doctrine and to diminish the respect which, according to both Jewish and Christian tradition, has always been paid to the dead. Cremation was a practice of Pagan origin, opposed to Christian traditions and feeling; while the idea of reviving this Pagan method of dealing with the dead arose out of the orgies of the French [Revolution and has at the present day its chief supporters among the atheists of Continental Europe. Beferring to the objections founded on want of space for burial purposes and the injury caused to the public health, the Bishop quoted eminent authorities who held that neither of these objections was valid. It had been calculated that one thousand acres of land would suffice to bury one hundred and twenty thousand bodies per annum for ever, allowing a separate grave to. .each body and a nee tenure of the grave for ten years. The death-rate in England was about 500,000, and, at that rate, five thousand acres of land would suffice to bury 500,000 people per annum for ever. Earth, again was the best possible disinfectant, and they were told that if bodies were placed in perishable coffins and put into the earth, in five or six years the bodies would have entirely disappeared. 