MR. LABOUCHERE AND THE MISSIONARY. The social gossip correspondent of the Melbourne Argus writes that Mr. Henry Labouchere has been very near giving up the ghost owing to an attack of "poor man's gout," which nearly touohed his heart. The result is one for which all the world would have been sorry, irrespective of politioal or other sym pathies. His wit, it is true, is a little out of the fashion. Like Gilbert's, it is too mocking and "denigrating*' for the mood of to-day. StilL his stories are told with apiquanoy and finish which othe** aconteurt oannot quite equal. A characteristic story of his, which is redeemed from jarring on modern taste only by die way it is told, relates to his own unique appearanoe in the field of Christian missions. Being on one occasion somewhere in the Holy Land in a diplomatic capacity, he invited a neighbouring missionary of some Londonsooietytodinner,ana by way of making conversation asked him " How's business P" The missionary answered dejectedly that it was bad. He was paid by results, and literally the recent results had not been enough to give him food to eat—a state ment whioh Mr. Libouohere waa inclined to believe from the manner in which he was bolting cartloads of food. "I pitied the fellow," says Mr. Labouohere, "and next day I asked my dragoman whether there waa no way in which these heathen could be induoed to embraoe Christianity ?" " Certainly there is a way, sir," answered the dragoman. " What is that f" •• A bottle of brandy among four." " I bought all the brandy in the place, about 100 bottles," continues Mr. Labouohere. " and paraded as many of the natives as I had brandy for. dividing them into messes of four, and then bade them choose between the faith of their fathers and the brandy. In the afternoon my friend the missionery performed 400 baptisms. I thought no more of the affair tor some years, when one day I met my friend the missionary— not the dragoman—in a shoved hat, gaiters, and an apron. He had evidently dined well every day since the day of those baptisms. He told me they had made him a bishop as a reward for his suooess. I forget whioh was his diocese." 