MORE MYSTERIES. Tho situation in Euroyo, as donictcd in tho cablegrams, is still knloiaoscopic. Alliances aro tho most fashionable modos in vdguo for settling matters, and if thoy ion to peaco ono wouiu uo oniy too gmu to wolcomo thorn as tho best moans of getting out. It is stated, far oxamplo, that Sivodon and Koumania aro likoly to join tho " triple firm" of Gormuny, Austria, mid Italy ; and tliough thoy would bo but "small mercies,1' every littlo helps in tho way of a coalition. It may or may not bo truo that the intended rciuforcomoiits for Massoivah hnvo been countormmulcd by tho Italian Goveninieut; but it is an opon secret that Italy has a protty strong grudgo against Franco, and that it is only a chaneo of revanche which has induced her to ontor into nllianco with tho onco hated Tedesclii. Twenty years ago it woul'd lmvo been a strango thing to sco n Tyroloso Jngcr lighting alongulo a Liersngliori, out tho Whirli gig of Timo" brings about somo very queer complications, and this is ono of "Utcm. in iuv d;;ys of King Bombft n» Itnlinn gentleman would nover Iiavo dreamed of sitting next at dinner to Ati Austrian ofliccrj and it was n common Baying at Yonieo that tlio only audienco oil tho Platzm wlion tlio Aus trian baud was playing wero tho Austrian oflicers and soldiers. That venuo is changed at any rate. And it is woll for tho Austrian rulo that it ahouUl bo so; for, after all, tlio backbono of thoso who would light for tlio house of Hnnsburg lies with the Hungarians. A still more incongruous nllinucoisalso men tioned, tho suggestion, strango to say, omannting from Itussia. Tho Moscow ; GrtzrUt with a flight of poetic imagery that would have done credit to Mr Potts, of Eatanawill, mildly hints that as n counterpoise to tho possible monopoly lhab might nriso from tho ullianco between Austria, Gcrmauy and Italy, it would bo a good thing for France, Hitssin and Great Britain to ontcr into what might bo called an opposition con tract, with, wo suppose, tho Czar as senior partner. Thcro lmvo been stranger outcomes oven than this, although it is not so very long sinco tho Tricolor, the Jack and tho Crescent facod tho Boar at Sebastopol, with Sardinia as an "emergency man." Taking into con sideration the safety of our Indian Em-' piro, it would, no doubt, bo very desirable for Great Britain to enter into a friendly avrangemont with Russia if ono could only rely upon tlio nrrnngcmonb boing kept without any interferonco from tho ghost of Peter tho Great's will. Such a consummation, however, is scarcely possible, and when ail unprejudiced obscrvercnsts a philosophical eye over the genoraloutlincsof tho present situation, it is diflicult to come to any other conclusion than that the policy for Great Britain to adopt is to enter into no nllianco cxcopbsuch as will lead to the maintenance of peace— of course with honor. Still, with all tho reassuring in telligence wo receive as to alliaucos and friendly intentions, tho work of prepara tion goes gaily on. Tho knights may have the words of pcaco in their mouths, but they aro rivetting tho poiuts of their harness at tlio saiuo timo, and tlio lances are ready for tho rest. In ono moment Prince Bismarck assures tho Reichstag that Germany wants pcaco; and in tlio next ho asks for ail increased vote for the reserves. Tho descendant of tlio groat military engineer, who is now at the head of tho Freuch Republic, 1ms not for gotten tho lessons of his ancestor, and tho Austrian Deputies havo readily voted the money asked for in order to increase tho Landsturm. Tho leading magazines from England aro almost bristling with articles on military subjects; aud it would seem that, except in Great Brilniu, tho training of n soldier is tho most important subject for public consideration. At tho lowest computation there must bo now in Europo alone, excluding Great. -Britain, fourteen millions of men undergoing com pulsory military training on land, let nlono on sea. And for what ? Diplomatists may answer the question, but, to tho ordinary mind, it appears but a question of disband or tight. The former is nob possible, and tlio latter lmngs lire. All that Australia has to do is to keep a watchful oyo on out side visitors, look after her own defences, and bo prepared tiT act sido by side with the mother country should sudden occasion arise. There comes, however, ono es pecially gratifying feature in bho latest intelligence to hand from Europe, namely, that the operation for tracheotomy 1ms been successfully performed on thoCYOwn Princoof Germany, and it Is to bo hoped that lie will soon be able to rcsumo tho duties of his position by his father's side. 