MISCELLANEOUS. It is reported that the Rev. D. O'Donnell will accept the pastorate of a Melbourne Congregational Church. The Mayor of Adelaide (Mr. J. Shaw) is going to provide 300 families with Christmas dinners. The junior intercolonial cricket match — South Australia v. Victoria — has resulted in a win for the former. A good supply of water hae been obtained by an artesian bore on the William Creek, Far North- West. The appeal case, Lawson v. Commercial Bank of S.A., has been decided against the bank. Happy shareholders ! The old Burg Theatre of Vienna, which has existed as a Court Theatre for 112 years, has been finally closed. Two policemen have been drowned in Sydney harbor through the capsizing of a boat. The Barrier has been blessed with a good fall of rain in places, and about five chains of the Cockburn railway has been washed away by a flood. The S.A. Railway Commifisioners are doing their best to make the lines pay by running them as occasion demands at popu lar fares. A bank clerk has been arrested on a charge of stealing bonds of the value of £13,000 from the National Bank of Austra lasia, Melbourne, Mr. Hasluck, the English gem merchant, is not certain whether he will visit the ruby-fields or return to England. We fancy he could manage the interior trip during the winter months. A ' Chair of Temperance' is a decided novelty in university studies. Such a pro fessorship, however, has just been founded at the Roman Catholic University in Wash ington, South Carolina. In the intercolonial rifle matches at Hobart the first prize in the Grand Cham pion fell to Sergeant Mawson, of Victoria, with a score of 65. Lieutenant Robertson, of South Australia, was also a winner of £1 with 55 points. A grand score was made at the North London Butts a few weeks ago. Sergeant Wood, of the Hon. Artillery Company, was shooting there, and made 100 points out of & possible 105. The ranges were 200, 500, and 600 yards, and the number of rounds, of course, seven at each. His scores were 32 at 200 yds., the maximum 35 at 500 yds., and 33 at 600 yds. An outside wall of a three- story stone warehouse in Pulteney street, Adelaide (op posite Ford's York Hotel), commenced to fall in on Tuesday evening. It did not fall altogether, but will have to be de molished. The building was originally of two stories, the third story having been added subsequently. The cause of the col lapse was a deep drain which was being dug alongside the wall. The Register says :— Sub- InBpector Rolli eon, whose services have been dispensed with in accordance with the recommenda tion of the Civil Service Commission, has been granted 12 months* leave of absence on full pay. Inspector Bee, who has been Inspector of Public-Houses for several years, has been granted nine months' leave of ab sence with full pay, and will retire at the end of his leave. A gentleman in love, who confides in the agony column of the London Standard, has devised a new and astonishingly intricate cipher wherewith to communicate with his heart's adored. His enigmatical message runs: — 'Eiale rof gnignol dna gnitiaw gnihctaw.' This is not Welsh. We are diffident about the interpretation of mysterious ciphers; but can this mean — 'Watching, waiting, and longing for Elsie'? A correspondent says: — 'I wish all horsemen knew the value of sunflower seed. It is not only one of the best remedies for the heaves, but a horse which has recently foundered can be entirely cured by being given half a pint twice a day for a while in his feed. Last autumn I took an otherwise valuable young horse, which was so stiff that you could hardly get it out of its stall. In two weeks you wouldn't know that any thing was the matter with it ; and it has been all right ever since.' A case has been decided in the Adelaide law courts by which it is shown that buyers of shares are responsible for calls, to the i sellers, even when the transfer on the back ' of the scrip is in blank. This will be bad news for those people who, buying shares to sell again in the expectation of a rise in value, endeavor to shirk their responsibility by carefully abstaining from having their names registered on the books of the com pany. But it will give the persons who sell greater confidence. There is a wildly-improbable rumor in Brisbane that the remains of Sir Anthony Musgrave were not interred there, but are now on board the Jumna en route to Eng land with Lady Musgrave, and that the public funeral which lately took place was really only over Sir Anthony's effigy. It is true the pall-bearers on that occasion re marked how light the coffin was. Lady Brassey, although she died near land, was buried at sea; and, taking sailors' super stitions into account, we (says a Brisbane paper) can hardly think the Jumna carries Sir Anthony's remains to England. The Btory is worth noting. Here is a tragic incident of the big drought of 10 years ago. A Lachlan River squatter wae travelling his sheep for water. One evening the sheep pained a watering place of other seasons, but this year it was dried up. The sheep had now been three days without water, and the thirst had already staggered several score of them. They fell down exhausted and dying. This was the straw which broke the reason of the owner. He quietly dragged the paralysed sheep into a circle and cut their throats ; then in a fearful frenzy he placed himself in the centre of the expiring group, and cut bis own throat. — Bulletin. The champion compositor has a stand in the office of the New York Mail and Ex press. His name is Joseph W. McCann, and he recently performed the astonishing feat of setting 2,127 ems of solid nonpareil in one hour on a wager of §25 that no com positor in New York could set 2,000 ems in an hoar. The feat was performed in the Sun composing room. The number of separate letters in 2,127 ems is 4,254 accord ing to the English way of reckoning by ens. Nonpareil is a small type, 12 lines of which make an inch, and 19 lines the width of this column would contain about 1,000 letters or ens. McCann must have set 82 lineB in the hour to make up the 4,254 ens. The German consul at Cape Town re ported that the South African diamond trade Jp.st year exceeded that of the previous year bv 463.869 carat* weight and £737,1 74 in val ue. In 1 887 the export was 3,598,930 carats, valued at £4,242,470, against 3,135,061 carats, worth £3,504,756, in the previous year. The produce of the different mines wae as follows : Kiniberley, 1,410,207 carats, valued at £1,410,207; De Beers, 1,014,048 carats, valued at £1,014,058; Dutoitepan, 696,576% carats, worth £987,283; Bultfontein, 602,246 carats, worth £612,962; St. Augustine's, 197 carats, valued at £250. The wife of Thomas Goffe, the poet, was a niggardly woman. Once some of his Oxford friends paid a visit to him at East Claiidon, where he was rector. The wife looked upon them with an evil eye, and pro vided a dish of milk and some eggs for supper, and no more. They perceiving her stinginess, and that her husband was put out at it (she wearing the breeches), re solved to have some fun at supper, so they all talked Latin and laughed a great deal. She was so vexed at their speaking Latin that she could not contain herself, began to cry, and left the table. The next day Mr. Goffe ordered a better dinner for them, and sent for eome wiue, but his wife did not put in an appearance. Not luug after this Mr. Goffe died, heart- broken, it was said, by his wife's hard, narrow, and disagreeable ways. At Warrackuabeal Sarah Ann Lord and -Mary Ann Lord were committed for trial on the charge of murdering the illegitimate child of Mary Ann Lord, on October 20 by ill treatment or neglect. A most distressing and painful scene was the binding over of the witnesses, the father being bound to appear against his wife and daughter, and the brothers and sisters against their mother and sister. The poor husband, who is nearly broken-hearted, made a threat that he could not, and, what wbb more, he would not, live to see it. He kissed his wife, but would not the daughter, who had brought all the trouble on him. To see the distressed family, 12 in number, from a baby in arms upwards, following in the middle of the night from the court-house to the lock-up, presented one of the most heart rending scenes that could possibly be imagined. A writer in the Liotrpool Mercury — a captain of the mercantile marine — has taken great pains to take what are probably the most careful observations as to the height of ocean waves in a gale which have ever been recorded. He made them during a voyage round Cape Horn and to do it, he went up in the main rigging, to get, if possible, the top of the wave coming up astern in a line of sight from the mast to the horizon at the back. The reason he selected the main mast was this, that, as a rule, it is nearly amidships, and when the sea is running, the sea ahead and from aft lifts the two ends, forming a hollow amidships (the actual foot of the wave below the mean draught, equal to the slight elevation), and the observer necessarily is above the true height. It was a difficult operation, but the captain obtained eome good observations, marking the height of the waves on the mast. On measuring the distance from these to the mean draught, he found them to be as follows: — 64, 61, 58, and 65 feet re spectively, varying in length from 750 to 800 feet.— Iron. ' Holy water' is used for many purposes by pious Catholics. - They cross themselves with it on entering or leaving church ; and it is also employed by many persons to keep the pro-creator of all evil and ghosts away from their premises. The 'holy water' disappeared recently in an extraordinary manner from the fonts of a principal church in Paris — so much so that the priest asked for a detective to watch at the doors. A limb of the law in mufti wae, accordingly, placed behind one of the pillars near the porch as soon as the church doors were opened. After an hour or two he saw a local milkman covered with a big blouse enter the edifice. From under the blouse the milkman drew forth several cans half filled with the lacteal commodity, with which he was supposed to supply his customers ; and he ducked them in the fonts. The audacious adulterator was speedily arrested. Count Gleichen Bays: — A camel's hind legs will reach anywhere — over his head, round Mb chest, and on to his hump ; even when lying down an evil-disposed animal will shoot out his legs and bring you to a sitting posture. His neck is of the same pliancy. He will chew the root of his tail, nip you in the calf, or lay the top of his head on his hump. He also bellows and roars at you, whatever you are doing — saddling him, feeding him, mounting him, unsaddling him. To the uninitiated a camel going for one with his mouth open and gurgling horribly is a terrifying spectacle ; bat do not mind him, it is only his way. I heard of one or two men having a leg broken from a kick at various times, but it was the exception and not the rule, for a camel is really a very docile animal and learns to behave himself in most trying positions with equanimity, though I fear it is only the result of want of brains. Thoee prayers for rain did not turn out the success that was anticipated, which, as a correspondent from the northern plains says, is a jolly good job. Harvesting is going on briskly all over the country, and the damage that would be done now by artificial prayer-produced rain would be about equal to that which has been done by the drought. My correspondent writes in somewhat forcible terms of ' the adjective absurdity, not to say insanity,' of the priests and bishops, deacons and elders, church wardens and churchgoers who sought to modify the laws of nature to meet local cases. ' If my crop were destroyed by a rainfall,' he said, ' and I could trace the rain to the prayers, I can tell you I'll go for swingeing damages against the head of every denomination that helped to ruin me. And if there were justice in the land, I would teach those men a lesson in praying that they would not forget.'—' Atticus.' There is, writes Vanity Fair, a crash coming in France which will work more widespread ruin than the country hae seen since Law's Mississippi bubble burst more than a century and a half ago. The crash will begin with the break-up of Mr. Socretan's copper ring, and end with the bankruptcy of M. de Lesseps's Panama Canal Company. Half the big financial houses of France are involved in the copper rigging, and thousands of Frenchmen have entrusted their savings to M. de Lesseps. Big and small capitalists alike will be in volved in the general smash-up. One can already see the begiuning of the end for both schemes. The Panama Lottery Loan has been practically a.failure, and there are not even on M. de Lesseps's own showing sufficient funds available to complete the works at Panama, or to do anything like complete them. The prices of copper and of copper shares are moving steadily down wards ; the available stocks of copper have increased, while the demand is decreasing, and dealers have hit at least one good plan for defeating the tactics of the ring. It has been one of the biggest ' deals' known to recent financial history. When tbe smash up of the ring comes the consequences will be all the more disastrous. [Our contem porary is right in one of its predictions, for the Panama Canal Company has already suspended payment. The copper ring's turn will come next.] A lively little incident from the New York Star is here given : — One Monday recently at midnight three dudes, dressed in the height of fashion, who were return ing to their homes in Brooklyn, amused themselves by overturning ash- barrels. Their actions were watched by an officer standing in the shade of a near-by tree. As they passed under the spreading branches of the tree the policeman came from his ambush, and, stopping the trio, said — ''This is nice, gentlemanly conduct. No doubt to you it's rare fun. Now, if you want to avoid disgrace and the loss of $10 each you must come back with me and I'll show you what to do.' ' Oh, only a little joke, old man,' explained one of the dudes. But the officer wae obdurate, and made the fellows march back to overturned barrel No. 1. ' Now,' said the policeman, ' plscft the barrel in its proper position, gather the ashes and rubbish and place them in the barrel.' 'But surely you don't mean that ?' exclaimed one of the missing links in horror. ' Do what 1 say, or I'll arrest you,' replied the officer. With great reluctance the three took their first lesson in garbage-gathering, and the same opera tions had to be performed until the four barrels which they had upset had been re filled. When this had been finished the officer allowed them to go home. The American journal Science describes the experiences of a gentleman who placed himself under the influence of hasheesh. He smoked it until he felt a profound sense of well being, and then put the pipe aside. After a few minutes he seemed to become two persons ; he was conscious of his real self reclining on a lounge, and of why he was there ; his double was in a vast build ing of gold and marble, beautiful beyond description. He felt an extreme gratifica tion, and believed himself in heaven. This double personality suddenly vanished, but reappeared in a few minutes. His real self was undergoing rhythmical epaBms through out his body ; the double was a marvellous instrument, producing sounds of exquisite sweetness and perfect rhythm. Then sleep ensued, and all ended. Upon another occasion sleep and waking came and -went so rapidly that they seemed to be confused. His double seemed to be the sea, bright, and tossing as the winds blow; then a conti nent. Again, he smoked a double dose, and eat at his table pencil in hand to record the effects. He lost all conception of time. He rose to open a door, and it seemed to take a million years. He went to pacify an angry dog, and endless ages seemed to have passed when he returned. Conceptions of space retained their normal character. He felt an unusual fulness of mental impressions — enough to fill volumes. He understood clairvoyance, hypnotism, and all else. He was not one man or two, but several men living at the same time in different places, with different occupations. He could not write one word without hurrying to the next, his thoughts flowing with enormous rapidity. The few words he did write meant nothing. The following account of an attempt to carry off a girl is taken from an English paper : — Great excitement prevails amongst the peasantry of North Dalmatia in con sequence of the attempted abduction of a village beauty recently, which was attended with tragic results. A girl named Kate Knezevics, the daughter of a wealthy peasant, had for some months been annoyed by the advances of Baraba, a youth living in a neighboring village. The maiden, who loved a awain of her own community, en tertained a strong aversion for his rival, and refused to speak to him at a Sunday dance ; but Baraba was not discouraged, and re solved to have recourse to an ancient Slavonic custom called the 'Otmica,' which consists simply in carrying off the girl by stealth to the rejected lover's own house. The ' Otmica' frequently leads to' sanguinary feuds between the enterprising suitor and. the male relatives of the fair charmer. In the present instance Baraba and several of his friends mounted their swiftest horses and started from their own settlement, having previously ascertained that Kate would at a certain hour be tend ing her father's flock on the village com mon. The rustic cavalcade surprised the maiden while engaged in her pastoral duties, and Baraba, springing out of bis saddle, was on the point of seizing her when, cry ing out for help, she dashed across the common, and threw herself over an adjoin ing precipice. Her pursuers, on reaching the spot where she lay, discovered that she was not dead, and were about to carry her off when shots were heard, and the girl's male relatives, armed to the teeth, appeared on the scene. A determined struggle ensued, in which several on both sides were wounded. Eventually the girl's father, aided by his sons and nephews, came off victorious, and the vanquished strangers were compelled to beat a hasty letreat. The girl's condition is critical, and if she dies a bitter feud may rage between the two villages for generations to come. In Montana the cattle of all brands are turned loose in the fall after the beef gathering has taken place and the fat cattle sent off to market. When winter comes on the herds drift together until there will be maybe 25,000 or 30,000 to gether. By and by there comes a snow storm, and tbe bunch grasB is covered up beneath two feet of snow. The storm is sure to be followed by a big fall in tempera ture. The mercury will go to zero. Then all nutriment leaves the tall prairie grass on which the cattle have fed since the bunch grass was snowed under. The herd becomes crazed with hunger, and a stampede follows. The great body of the starving cattle start south like an avalanche, heading straight for localities where homesteads have been taken up in the greatest number. They bear down on the settlements and besiege the homesteaders, who vainly try to keep them back with their rifles. They shoot the huHgry animals down by the hundred, and sometimes manage to hold them in check until their ammunition is exhausted. Then the fight must end. The cattle sweep down on the homesteads, and not only eat up every vestige of hay the homesteaders have stored up for their own small herds, but tear down the houses and outbuildings which the settler builds out of the prairie sod, and devours the roots of the grass that remain succulent in the sod. Homesteads — hundreds at a time — are cleaned up by a herd of hungry cattle, quickly and thoroughly, on a single stam pede. Then tbe herd continues on its way, taking the homesteader's herd of 200 or 300 with it, and leaves him a homeless, ruined man. The homesteader is dis couraged. The wake of the stampeding herd is quickly followed by the agent of a big landowner. He makes the discouraged settler an offer for his claim, and the settler, nine times out of ten, is glad to accept the offer. That is one way in which the rich cattle-raisers obtain such extensive tracts of the most available land. 