GOSSIP BY " POINT." Af tor nomo weoko' delay, on account cf tho intercolonial match aud othor matchee of importance, tho contest botweon our two craok senior clubs-tho University and tho Carlton-was roaumod on tho Association Ground. It will bo lomemborcd that the Unis, in their first innings did not succood in reaching a throo-flgures total, they being 5 short of tho hundred ; and tho Carltono had lost ono wicket for 68. A. Bunnorinan and Hiddilaton had poa BOMsion of tho wickets-tho formor with 23 runs to his credit, and tho latter with 16. Both mon continued to play well and safd. The bowling waa negotiated by them with apparont caso; and it waa not until tho Unió.' acoro had boon pasaed and tho century poatod that tho second wiokot foll. Hiddilston was unfortunate to piay a ball from Allen on to his wicket whon' ho had made 25. Turnor followed, and, na evoryono oxpeotod, he infused a good doal moro lifo into tho gamo by MB dashing play. Ho ran np a rapidly obtained 39 bofero Jones got ono past him. Most of his strokoa woro vory good ; tho groat majority of thom being carpet trimmers. All thia time tao little stonowallor waa Riving a splendid exhibition of sound cricket, and whon his brother took Turner's vacated placo at tho wiokots ho horaldcd bia coming by omiting Merrick, who waa bowling at tho timo, for three fours in succession. C. Bannerman's first Dtroko almost loot him hia wickot, aa the bowbr, Jonos, very noarly caught him off his first ball. After thia ho played in good form, and holpod his brother to swoll tho acoro to a considerable extent ; 22 runs waa his contribution whon O'iteilly snapped him up at point. Stewart was tho next batsman, and he had the satisfaction of assisting Alick to run his hundredth run, and tho dissatisfaction of Boning him smartly caught by Garrott oit' his own bowling iinmediatoly afterward. His innings was a sterling porformanco, and quito up to his reputation. Not the slightest vostigo of a chanco was given by him during his lons innings. Somo peoplo thought that tho little stonowaller had deteriorated in his batting, but if thoy had Boen him on SatU'riay thoy would havo thought quito differently. All his hitting was cloan and woll-timod, and hia defence porfcot. Stewart cut his innings short by sheor nervousness whon ho had raado 4. Woolcott astonished all with his vigorous batting; and Loary, who io not out with him, played in hotter form tlmn ho has dono on any othor occasion during this season. Woolcott Ima 42 to his name, and Leary 23, which makes tho total oxactly 290 for six wmkots. With four wickotu yot to fall considerably over 300 aro likoly to bo scored, which will provo a herculean task for tho liais, to master. Throughout tho gamo Jones fielded excellently, and bowled vory woll, and along with Garrett and Allen did most of tho trundling; two wickets apieco fall- ing to thom. Horbert Leo, behind tho ntioiis, was very smart, and Barbour ahm did nomo good work. Tho match, will.bo ronumed on January 21. A chungo han cmno ovor tho spirit of tho Ivanhoe's I dreams. Tho Oriontah instead of hoing sent to tho right j about for tho samo ecoro an thty mado in their first inninga I (Via 'ho Ivanhoen oxpoctod), appoar t . bo on a fair way of doubling it in their second. Ono wickot fod whoa vory fovr ruus had been noorod. Hut whnu Doun.ni joined Lnland, a groat ntand vraa made. Bowler alter bo wlor was tried ; but not ono of them could shift tho batsmen. Donnau cortainly had a good deal of lucie, no leca th 'U six clianco3 having boon givon by him. His enroor should havo been out short beforo ho scored. On tho othorhand, Lulaud was playing correct criekot, keeping tho ball woil down; and from tho start to tho finish of his innings ho uevor gavotho ghost of a " nhow " to tho (loldnmon. Illa contribution of G3 was ono of bin most meritorious performances. Donnan continued lu the.oven touor of bin way ; bin luck hoing quito in. Ad«ms and Meaghor heh cd him to raise tho ncoro with 10 and ll respectively. "When tho wiokoto wero drawn for tho day Douuan waa atill at tho wickets, his ncoro hoing within four of tho hundred; mid tho total 210 for liva wickota. Tho Ivanhoe missed the bowline nor vicos of their e.i.ptain, Evora, who waa unable to play from illncan. Char ton bowled well. But tho Holding of tho toim was not up to ita performances of tho proviouj Saturday, Tho finish of thin match ia bound to bo very exciting. 