GREAT BRITAIN. THE CHARTEEHOUSE AT HULL AN UNEXPECTED PEEDICAMENT. An interesting event lately took place at Hull, whereby the corporation has been placed in a rather awkward position. * There is an ancient- Charterhouse in that town, the history of whose foundation has been given in a book by Mr. John Cook, Fellow of the Royal Historical Society, and solicitor to the charity, from which we make the following extracts :— The Charterhouse, or God's House Hospital, which received its name from its close proximity to the Carthusian Monastery (Chartreuse), was established and endowed by Sir Michael de la Pole in 1384, for thirteen old men and thirteen women. In the " Will," or foundation deed, it says .—" We appoint Sir Eichard Killum priest, master, and warden from now. Willing and decreeing that every person who shall become master after aim shall also have taken priest's orders. . . . That the said master have a dwelling by himself within or near the said house . . . and he shall be bound to celebrate (Mass) every day in one of the chapels of the said house . . specially recommending the state of our King Eichard and this kingdom, and for ur own soul when we are departed this ife, and for the souls of Sir William de a Pole our father, Catherine our mother, i alter and Thomas our brothers, Katheine and Blanch our sisters, and the ouls of all faithful departed ones." He obtained from Pope Boniface IX. j Bull dated in the sixth year of hisj ontificate, 1394, licensing the chapels! or the celebration of divine service, an! instrument still in the possession of the: Charity, and the authority under which 1 for four centuries divine worship has. been performed and is still performed in: the present chapel. The Bull begins " Boniface, Bishop, Servant of the servants of God, in order that the matter' be in future remembered . . . by the! tenor of these presents, grant that Masses j and other like offices, may publicly and with a loud voice be celebrated in thej same chapels or either of them, saving always the rights of the parish church. So let no man infringe this: Our letter, or dare-to deny the same, <fcc. -Given at St. Peter's, at Eome, 12Eal June, in the sixth year of Our Pontificate." The author says in a foot-note: " Parliament itself sought the aid .of this Pontiff four years later, a Bull being procured from him to confirm its acts and declare them not reversible by any future assembly." Upon the death of the late master, the! Anglican Canon Kemp, the Corporation; contemplated reducingthe aalaryofthei Master, which ; lis ..£300a year, : with house, gas, and coals. Upon this be-i coming known, the churchmen; Wrote in pious fervor urging them to .keep " the Willi" meaning* ofcpurse.theteBtamentaiy document of S^ Michael, de la Pole .aiboye quoted,femonjj other things, reqmresthe master to be ii priesfaWW to celebrate Masa daily- and to pray for the souls of • defunct persons.. It is aremift that the whole institution andT ^ vices held in the chapel Sf&J;* held, and carried on K f * authority of this Will orf ! t]le Charter together with the B f f i Pope which were issued in conLwJ 8 of its provisions. When the met to receive applications for j £ S the vacant mastership, what 3 * surprise to receive the followi^ "St. Charles'Eectory, HulL "27th March, 1888 " To the Charterhouse Committee "Gentlemen,—I beg respectfully t» offer myself as chaplain and aJtj the Charterhouse, now vacant. Bv ing the history of it, or the willof tu donor, Michael de la Pole/ 3 convmced1 that I am the only appW who can lay claim to it, and fdlfii'tt conditions. It was the evident intenfe of the founder, who had a right fe impose conditions, to establish, it 'in honour of God and His moa glorious Mother, the Virgin Man' and that ' Mass and prayers Bhotdd be offered for the dead' according to tta rite of our Church. If the will had imposed conditions particular to the Wesleyan body, a Wesleyan minister ought to be appointed. In these days of fair play and religious freedom, I begot you to carry out the intention of the noble founder by appointing me master, and shall endeavour to co-operate wifll the corporation for the good of this great charity.—I am, gentlemen, yours faith, fully, "W. S.STJLLIVAS." Like the rising of Banquo's ghost, the event produced a profound sensation. Here was one as it were risen from the dead ready to fulfil the injunction of Sir Michael's will, of the same faith, acknow. ledging and acknowledged by the sane supreme authority. Here was a test for their sincerity in desiring to keep to the will. The local papers buzzed it abroad, some denying that it was the. same Church. That objection, however, was easily silenced by quoting the Bull of Boniface IS., 1394, licensing the chapel for Mass.. The corporation at last justified themselves by receiving the application as a body, and one member retained his logical position by voting for the Eev. W. S. Sulliva'n. But, on the other hand, if we suppose fpr one moment that churchmen are sincere in desiring to perform the duties for which they are ready to receive payment, it is evident from the list of applicants that not only the Eev. W. S. Sullivan, but also twelve clergymen of the Established Church, are quite willing and prepared to " celebrate Mass every day," specially recommending the state of the souls of certain of tbe faithful departed. Here is matter indeed for his Grace of York and other prelates of his order. Is it not high nine for them to inquire of these gentlemen which they sincerely desire to do—to accept the money of Sir Michael de la Pole and perform the stipulated duties, or to adhere to those fonnularies which declare that " the sacrifices of Masses. in which it was commonly said that the priest did offer Christ for the quick and the dead to have remission of pain or guilt, were blasphemous fables and dangerous deceits," and again that the " doctrine concerning purgatory, pardons, tc.," " is a fond thing vainly invented," rather repugnant to the word of God?" e do not presume to suggest that such collection of respectable names could e found in sympathetic communion ith a well-known vicar in Berkshire.— ablet. 