TX-—She "VTitsESSES the "Ekd. April 20.—Milan, 10.30 p.m. we are u far on our way homeward. I being decidedly dc trap, travel apart from the rest as much as I can. Having dmed at the hotel here, I went out by myself, regardless of the proprieties, for I coaid not stay in. I waited at a leisurely pace along the via Allesandre Manzoni till my eye was caught by the grand Galleria Vittorio Emanuele, and I entered under the high glass arcades till I reached the central octagon, where X sat down on one of a group of chairs placed there. • Becoming accustomed to the stream of promenaders, I soon observed, seated on "the chairs opposite, Caroline and Charles. This was the first occasion on which I had seen them «i Uti-i-tcU since my conversation with him. She soon caught sight of me ; averted her. eyes; then, apparently abandoning herself to an impulse, she jumped up from her seat ami came across to me. We had not spoken to each other since the meeting at Venice. . "Alicia," she said sitting down bv my ride, : " Charles asks me to forgive you, and I do for give yon." I.pressed her hand, with tears in her eyes, I and said, " And do you forgive him ?" " Fes," said she," shyly. " And what's the result!" said I. "We are to be married directly we reach home." This ..was almost the whole of our conversa tion; she walked home with me, Charles following a little way behind, though she kept turning her head, as if anxious that he should overtake us. " Honour and not love" seemed to ring in my ears. So matters stand. Caroline is again happy. April 23.—We have reached home Charles with ns. Events are now moving in silent speed, almost with velocity indeed; and I sometimes feel oppressed by the strange and preternatural ease which seems to accompany their flow. Charles is staying at the neigh bouring town; he is only_ waiting for the marriage license; when obtained he is to come here, he quietly married to her, and carry her off. It is rather resignation than content which rim an his bee;' hut he has not spoken a word more to me on the burning subject, or deviated one hairbreadth irom the course he laid down. They may he happy in time to come: X hope so. But X cannot shake off de pression. Hay 6.—Ere of the wedding. Caroline is serenely happy, though not blithe. But there is nothing to excite anxiety abont her. I wish I could Bay the same of him. He comes and goes_like a ghost, and yet nobody seems to observe" this" strangeness in his mien. X could not help being here for the ceremony; but my absence would have resulted in less disquiet on his part, X believe. However, I may be wrong m attributing cantos; my' father simply says that Charles and Caroline have as good a chance of being happy as other people. Well, to-morrow settles alL * Hay 7.—They are married; we have just returned bom the church. Charles looked so pale this morning that my father asked him if he was ill. He said, "No, only a slight head ache ;" and we started for the church. There was no hitch or hindrance, and the thing is done. 4 p.m.—They ought to have set out on their journey by tins time; but there is an un accountable delay. Charles went out half an hour ago and has not yet returned. Caroline is waiting in the hall; bat I am dreadfully afraid they trill miss the train. I suppose the trifling hindrance is of no account, and yet I am full of misgivings. September 14.—Four months have passed ; only four months! . It seems like years. Can it lie that only 17'weeks ago I set on this paper the fact of their marriage < I am now an aged woman by comparison ! . On that never-to-be-forgotten day we waited and waited, and Charles did not return. At 6 o'clock, when poor little Caroline had gone back to her room in a state of suspense im possible to describe, a man who worked in the water meadows came to the house and asked for my father. He had an interview with him in the study. My father then rang his bell, and sent for me. I went down; and X then learnt the fatal news. Charles was no more. The waterman had been going to shut down the hatches of a weir in the meads when he saw a hat on the edge of the pocl below, floating round and ronnd in the eddy, and looking into the pool saw something strange at the bottom. He knew what it meant, and lowering the hatches so that the water was still, could dis tinct!} see the body. It is needless to write particulars that were in the newspapers at time. Charles was brought to the house, but ho was dead. We all feared for Caroline; and she suffered much; but strange to Bay, her suffering was purely of the nature of deep grief which fonnd relief in sobbing and tears. It came out at the inquest that Ckarlee' had been accustomed to cross the meads to give in occasional half-crown to an old man who lived on the opposite hill, who bad once Jbeen a .landscape painter in an humble way till.he lost' his eyesight; and it was assumed fits* he had gone thither for the same purpose to-day, and to bid him farewell. On information th"e' coroner's jury found that his death had been caused by misadventure; and everybody believes to this hour that he was drowned while crossing the weir to relievo the old man. Except one; she believes in no ac cident. After the stunning effect of the first news, I thought it strange that be should have chosen to go on such an errand at the last motnept, aid to go personally when there was I little time to spare, since, any gift could hare beausbeasily sent by another/hand. Further lefleoHon has oohvinced mo that this step out of life'wai. as much-a part of the'day's plan as was'the wedding in the church hard by. They ■were the two haltes of his complete intention when he gave mo on the Grand Canal that as surance which I shall never forget: "Very well, then; honour shall be my word, not love. If she Bays ' Yes,' the marriage shall be." I do not know why I should have made this entry at this particular time; but it has occurred to me to do it—to complete, in a measure, that part of my desultory chroniole which relates to the love-story of my sister and Charles. She lives on meekly in her grief, and will probably outlive it; whine I—but never mind me. 