CREMATION AND CRIME. [From The Mdd ] A correspondence has been current in one of our daily contemporaries upon th^ subject of the policy and propriety of cremation versus inhumation. The dfacUssion has mainly taken the form of religious Sentiment upon the subject. 'With this latter it would be out of place for this journal to deial^but it seems to us that 'the "actual issue as to whether this lately revived process of disposal of our dead by cremation is desirable from a inaiio&at; point of view, is one which presents arguments more forcible and more important to social welfare than any which'can be involved in a mere dispute on religious sentimentality. The sanitary advantage of this revived method none dispute. Ever since Dr. 'Haden aroused the feelings of society by iisremarks upon the theory of "Earth >to>etoth," there has been a growing tendency to revolt against the practice of preserving our dead in leaden coffins and vaults, and in a state which, when they come to light in later times, causes a revulsion Of feeling. The utilization, under Acta of Parliament, of sundry disused' burial grounds for the purposes of railway construction, and other similar projects, has, when the remains of the dead have been removed from those placeB in -order to clear the way for the contractor, disclosed scenes #hich excite horror and disgust, and which' go far to reconcile many, a mind with the alternative of cremation vice inhumation. But while this side of 'the queetfon so far strongly appeals to our feelings, there fa. a counter view, not of sentiment, but of practical social security, which seems to be almost an insuperable bar to any national recognition of the proposed change, and even to call for Parliamentary veto upon the process which fa being pushed by certain enthusiasts. We allude to the facilities for tiie use of poison and the chances of immunity to the poisoner, which would be afforded if cremation were a recognised and customary method among us for disposal of our dead.' It fa no slur upon the medical profession' to state that often in cases of murder by poison, which have eventually been detected and punished, scientific suspicion of foul play has not been aroused in the first instance, nor until some time aifter a certificate for burial has beed granted and obsequies have been performed: -' The symptoms which display themBelvfes in connection with thp administration of certain poisons are often in accordance with perfectly natural symptoms of disease ; and, while this fa thecte&j; it fa intelligible that medical mtin, Ih the tmence of any information aB'to ^ Blnstfermotives, orofgossipof neighbour^ should-sot think of harbouring suspicion of fool play, or of refusing to grant the usual necessary certificate of buriaL So^ long &s; Bubtie^uent exhumation can afford. lacilitiefi for later investigation, in ihb event " of suspicions becoming aroused later on, : "the fear of. detection of crime ojf tills sort must of necessity be greater than if the danger of discovery were passed, once for all, with the performance of obsequies. In ths~ icase of systematic poisoners, such as, for instance, ply their trade for the -porpoBe of obtaining money from 'Insurance Companies and burial' : -clubs, it has not unfrequently happened tihat suspicion has been latent until a third or fourth coincident* of mysterious death has provoked the gossip of neighbours. Where such has been the case, an order from the Home 'Secretary for the exhumation fend' analysis of remains of persons whosb deaths have subsequently become matters for sinfater suspicion has ofteii : led to'the general elucidation of a long standing career of crime. The improved science..of toxicology makes the discovery of criminal poisoning, an easier matter than it was in the last century; but at the Bame time Che identical science more or less makes the hands pf the expert criminal all the stronger, and suggests the use of poisons which in former yean would hardly have been dreamt of. Also, apart from general motives of malice or jealousy, which have existed as incentives to crime since the world began, modern days supply temptations of luore which formerly did not exist; to wit, the facility with which the liveB of individuals can be Insured for the benefit of their Burvivors. Just as " underwriting" promotes temptation to produce artificial loss of ships at sea, in spite of all endeavours of members of Lloyd's to guard themselves against fraud, so also the system of life insurance cannot avoid coupling with its manifest advantages a strong temptation to certain persons to perpetrate frauds thereby. Those frauds may simply be those of alleged death and burial, while the insured reaps the benefit of hfa own fictitious demise; or they may arise out of the substitution (as in a quite recent assize case) of-a healthy individual to personate an invalid subject for insurance ; but the same temptations which induce such frauds, also, as history records, too often lead criminala to violate the sixth as well as the eighth commandment in order to attain their ends. . Our belief is that if cremation were once to become a more recognised practice in this country, an uneasy feeling of insecurity would arise In the public mind, and that the Government of the day would soon be asked to inhibit it, on the ground that it created temptations to crime, and, at all events, considerably enhanced those which already exist. We are bound to admit that those experiments which have at present been .tried in that direction have been conducted with all due propriety, and without any ghost of suspicion of sinister motives in evading Inhumation. Except on the ground of incentive hereafter to crime, wMch ground seems paramount In the existing _ state of civilized and commercial society, the practice would have much to recommend it—religious arguments pro and con being dismissed from the question. It fa as easy to rear " storied urn and animated bust" over (literal) ashes as over inhumed remainB in the ordinary sense, atad the memory of the dead would not seem to be impaired thereby. _ Cremated Misenus seems (gtioad Virgil) to have endowed with his name the hilly promontory on which hfa funeral pyre flamed, and whereon hfa ashes, hfa oar, and trumpet were deposited; and even if the ashes themselves should perish, the memory of the funeral pyre of a Sardanapalus or a Dido can serve to perpetuate that of the mortals -whose remains induced the ceremony. It fa perhaps hankering after the modern novelty aim the romantic reality of such scenes which does much to stimulate the enthusiasm .of modern votaries of cremation; bnt if these people would but realize the social danger and criminal impetus which their hobby, if well established, would tend to promote, we think they would hesitate to play the part of patrons of the worst form of murdor. "ROUGH ON ITCH."—"Rongh on Itch" cures akin humors, eruptions, ringworm, tetter, salt rheum, frosted feet, chublains, itch, ivy poison, barber's itch. 3zk tr Biaas's WORM POWDERS.—Purely Vegetable, perfectly ftarmlww, thoroughly effective. Their neat rooms is not surprising when we remember that they are prepared (without permission, bnt with many thanks) from the prescription of the-' leading physician ol Adelaide. Price, ia par cachet. 