SKETCHES OF THE FLEET AND FORTS. I 33"3T OTTR PICTORIAL SPECIALS. rbe terribly in «arne»t is, according to some philesoph^n, an essential of any great success. No mse in half measures. Yoa mast beijin at the beginning and travel at express rate «nd with all steam up right through to the end. This wna just the aort of spirit whsoh animated the .gallant Captain Foliar ton wben, on Sunday morning-Easter Sanday moraing, Heaven forgive him !-he took his little fleet oataide >the Heads and prepared foe the attack of Melbourne. It wocld be a moonlight night-that mattered not He was going to eo deform or transform his ships that they would no more be known than a society lady of mature years in her dressing-gown and slippers. He went down towards Cape Otway. He hong canvas abont them; he stack masts in hereand there, andran OQt boom8; and, aa one artilleryman declared ~bnt he mast have been a landsman-'* set mizeo jibs," and blacked one funnel and whitened anothec, and pot on bandB of red, and blue, and green, till each a disguise was accomplished that no electric light coald pierce and no seatry'a eye discover. Poor Captain Fallarton 3 Re believes still that CAPTAIN FULLABWH (THE " EKEMT.") bis efforts were saooessfvl-that he ran beneath the forta and across the light bands and up the barboac, and dropped his anchor within just each a distance of Mel bourne aa would have enabled him to shell all Collins-street and knock away the tower of Government-house with, a half-dozen broad sides. It does not matter at all what the other fellows say. They saw some coasting schooners or little bits of cofin steamers com ing round from the Snowy River or the Lakes Entrance, and mistook them for his fleet. He went past and heard no gnns and re ceived no challenge, and will do so again, just as surely as the Russians will not when ever he is on gourd and a real enemy is trying to force the passage. It is good to have officers of such staff as Captain Fullar ton. They keep up the fine old English traditions-"Never say die; I know I am wrong, bat I won't give in," and the rest The one thing, however, which really does puzzle Captain Fuilarton is the disguise he shall assume next year. He has ranged over a broad field of ideas. He though t at one time of coming in as a Greek trireme, at another of sending his first, ehip, along as a high-beaked Norseman galley, and again the mo^t likely disguise s<;emed- to he that of a Chinese junk. JJut his latest and brightest conception is that which the artist has depicted here. . 1 " CAPTAIN FCLLABTOiT'S DISGUISED SHIP FOB NEXT TJSAB. You all know it, of course, bat what would you think if you saw it coming in through the Heads! It is an ugly thing to fire'at. There never was an artilleryman born who would train his guns on such an object with-' out a little calculation and thought. It might be anything, might contain anything. You can never Bcare an Australian gunner, particularly when he is down in a pit, or be hind ten feet of granite or half a hundred sandbags. Captain Fullarton knows that ;wpll enough, but you can dumbfound him, and in that oondition.he may beVsafely yawofl- s M' ,<M'> . i j |iut<J*ptain ThomMamiles at the idea.'as ltabft? 8Biiled at all the other ideas Captain.1 Jhi^ pKhnulgat^ lot1l&ie.The;, admiral .of our lor^holdattiat Ma ~ * on thezouBd twrer of the.old CerberuB. . ew«ffecilTa. Dotheytalkof in any shape, form, :of tjj£ C&rberos; the than the i in '&?.- jfeataaon waiting the ap. * -???*-?? ~ sie along with your il&s;, anwjL we eh all i tith ioo, . Von |Veii if you did It would be to find a similar fnte. That first ship went-up to the top ot a mountain, y >u know, bat never cot down Again. You also might pet up the bar, bnt you would certainly stay there, unless, however, we chose to make an end of CAPTAIN (THOMA6. yon, and do yon desire to know how that wonld be done ? Clear decks for action then, and set tip ttoe enemy. The enemy in this .case waB represented by two cement casks firmly lashed together, with a red fins flying atop. It was sent drifting along the tide, and when a fair mile away the big Ran of the Cerberus was brought ro bear on it. Bang! screech ! The turret trembled, the gun thundered, the shot shrieked through the air, and that enemy at least wouhl be seen no more for ever. lie was not very for midable of course, but it has to be remem bered that he was not very bis: either. The gunner who can hit a ling bobbing up and down on the water like that would not fire many waste shots at bisr ships entering. A BROADSIDE FKOM 1'Utf CtUlltiiba Will they ever come? So, doubtless, asked ; many of the people who innde Quepni-ciiff eo merry through the Easter huiidnys, and occupied every point for a view ot the sea and the forta. All along the cliff whence one eees the hobble bubble; *»f t,lip Flip and the XKS «TAK OOEMBPOMPMW OMTUB1 ? . rOOK THE UOHXBOUSB. 1 ripple oi the little, wavej on ifae beach by FointJNepwin®ndlhe outer darkened endiruflH ? by occMjooall et$g«* of tfiadand rain-on the high balconies of the great hotels, and pnrticnlnrly on the gallery of the light-house tower- always a crowd there looking curiously out. They can see ati the field of mimic war from that high place. Down below there are the Queens cliff forts, Jind the gunners are busy. The target, a simple red linn, is moored out in the channel, and many a gallant bombardier is determined to cut it down. It seems a little risky that big - gun firing across such a much-used ocean track. There are a halt-dozen sailing . boats cruising about near the shore, but the gunners, scientifically trained, know that they are beneath all possible lines of fire. There is the Ozone with 1,200 people on her decks coming out from Sorrento. She must be carefully watched, and nothing must be done till that big P. and 0. or Orient liner gets well into the South Channel. Then, the Bignal being given, the electric communication is made, and the unmistakable crash or clang of a shotted gun wakes the echoes and jars all ears. It is utterly different from salute firing. Mingling with the explosion comes the shriek of the projectile in its flight. It iB like the voice of eome living monster, the war Bhout of the giant of scientific birth rushing on his prey. It it is shot firing, the fountain of foam marks the contact with the water,- and subsequent ricochets make a half-dozen other columns as the five hundred weight of steel skips along, like a stone on the surface of a pond, betore making the j final plunge. The first blow seems always very near the target, and when they are at shell practice the explosion is very near the right place. "A ship, however, would not stand like that flag," says a critic ; ana ttoe gunner re plies, "No, but we have various little arrange ments for following ships, and can train our guns on them just as accurately as on that Hag;" and courteously then the gunner will explain the process. The conning tower is attached to the battery. The officer on duty there brings the glass to bear on any ahip approaching the entrance, and keeps her carefntly within the field of view. The glass moves as the ship moves, and attached to the glass is a clever mechanical contrivance, which, moving also as the ship moves, traces ber exact course upon a chart which lies by the officer iu charge of the gun and the signal man. That chart shows the whole of the w.iter which can l>e covered by the guns of all the torts, and the whole of it is mapped out in ' squares, just like those of a chess-board; but these again are subdivided, and lettered, and numbered. The gunners know the chart thoroughly, and can bring their guns to bear instantly on any subdivision of any square. The ship or the Ueet entering them, being once in the view field of the telescope, iB under absolute command ot the electric light or the battery fire. Her position as she enters is flashed from the conning tower to every fort. The cuns are ready tor her as she enters the marked apace. Instantly, if it be desired, the fierce rays of electric light are flashed on her, and she stands revealed distinctly as the head of a gum- tree against the toll moon. Every spar and rope and living creature on her decks are outlined, and fol lowing the ray, a hail of bullets of the Nor denfeldta can make all her deck space absolutely untenable; or the big guns can ' ' QUEKNbCLtr* OFtKB Fltojt. ball .her, and, as we hope, sink her at will. There, awaF she. comes, the big Russian, stripped, like a fighting man, to 'the waist, low In ilft Irater, black, villainons-Jike-no Ugfcts,. ^q'spjind, only a heavy black clopd etreaming t^iray behind as they prick their firee torthe.rtoeb. She is coming like a liur dcan«;tUe is doing more than 20 knots. Stfdtlerily^Ue blue light flashes on her, find th^re ahe,ia revealed, distinct as a "mooned 'ppssnqa." Notappar oraptick op.. Not'a manon ;her deck-captain, steersman, gbniWip^'H ^elow, Uoar l "bellow! shriek ! 'thiaa | !.Tfi|ji.%pes QueenacJiff, ^nd Nepean _yOBwf£fl,fln<] Swan Injun'' ra '#irAH DUA8D J01HS W Wh*i'#<»Mtbvdowithher? What will irtfti. the two or three others who rapidly in her wake? The Mt$mnT nt ^ *orta **» rery sanguine ttaejr ffonldcive three orionr of them a few ttfMof iron to digest before they got fairly into the channels, and after that there would be the torpedoes to reckon with. Captain Josephs fights the torpedoes, and believes that at need he coufd fight them to some tone. We have not so much faith in torpedoes now as we had fire or six years ago, our Mr. Brennan'a marvellous invention notwith standing. It seemed probable before the last great naval reviews in England that torpedo corps ashore would be able to form an absolutely invincible gaard to any port or harbour; that the man ashore with the line like the loose end of the reel of cotton In his hand, would be able to launch his big cigar, and guide it swift as lightning to the hull of any ship, striking and shattering and destroying her utterly. But means of de fence have keen strangely developed, and we have more hope of success in catching them over our mines now. "Lecmegettbem there," Captain Josephs says, " and I will shortly CAPTAIN JOSEPHS (TOBMDO GOBI'S). Bat if yon do not, Captain J oeephfi^ Captain Thomas, Captain Fuliarton? If they do manage to get past you, if ire ore awakened some morning' by that clang, ban^, and acrsech down by St Hilda beacb, and hear the steeple of Scots' Church come tumbling down just to show that the game is in earnest. What is going to happen then? Well, replies Captain Fuliarton, had I been a Russian, which, lucky for yon, is impossible, and had I run past your forts, which most certainly I did, and had I had yon then at my mercy, which 1 should, I should not have been grasping or avaricious. A modest ten millions would have sufficed. You would certainly have paid. Oh yes, there is no doubt whatever aboutthat. Itia very well to talkabont standing a bombardment, but women object to it, and I have known a good many men find business in the country when the chance seems near. You would have paid me my 10 millions. The Mayor, and the Premier, and the chairman of the associated banks would go np to Government-house, and the aide-de camp would come down to me with a flag of truce, and I should give you 12 hours. THB "Eirasnr" DEMANDS TEN MILLIONS. ; Twelve hours and 10 millions; it would be very, reasonable. The Btrong-rooms would be very speedilyunlocked, find the coin and haliioavbaga landed out! Tbeingota arid nuggets of the Hint would be stacked qpio vans, and yon might , have to .order a coikple of special trains. from Sand hurst: and B^Uafat- ^Thefce would bea very .-interesting, through not a very cheery, pro cession down Collins-street : Tenmilliorisin gold i ? Yes, it would take' a. few -waggons to bring it along. lv would/ allow yoa :£5,W0, My, <or every hundred pounds weight We would tally itatthat rate, »nd so should -require about a fagndeedtons to complete the totaL Abtandredtbttsof gold ! A hundred waggons prdperly: gaodrted, and two or three steam launches plying between the Sandridge pier and^Dyflhipe.'. Yes, it would be interesting, toa»d.M .. ? : May we ask, however, 41 What would rou do jfitb it, Captain Pullarton I Do you think ytm could get out 7" -Captain .Fullarton answers, doubtless, V Did I not get out again the other day?. What abouldhiadetmbe from getting out?'' And if the answer is, " We would sink ships in all out cbnn«^]a. we would render it absolutely impossible. If yon destroyed the port we would destroy the roads, and fceep you in amongst the ruitiB." Well, then, we can imagine a Russian an. swering, "Yon might take as prisoners of war." We cannot think of Captain Foliar ton answering so, because, accepting his own statement, it is no more possible for bim to be detected or imprisoned th^ the ghost with a free pass for the key hole. But it is a cnrioas sort of question, and one which shoald commend itself to those learned in the art, and policy, and usages of war. What limits wontd there be to onr rights of revenge against any toe who should bombard onr city and destroy our peoples' lives ? There are those who echo old KingOlaf'scry, "Death without quarterI" who say " You would come as cobbers, as sassins, murderers, pirates; we would resist you to the death ; defeating you, woaid assuredly punish you with death." But what of international law on this point ? It needs some expounding. We should become very savage under a bombardment, little doubt of that When things like that shown below began to burst over our roofs, there would be bitter teelings and stern resolves. IF WB HADN'T HANDED OVKB TH* TBS Mil,. LIONS, THKBS IS NO KKOWIHG WHAT THE "JMEHT" HIGH! HAVJt DON*. Then are not ten men in Melboarne, pro bably, who know from actual personal experi ence what a bombardment meantMi-wfaat it la really like to aee a ahell come skipping along the street and bursting with a crash along side a house- front, or a terrace wherein are a half-hundred people who could not get op to the mountains. 11 is just a long-continued earthquake," says an old campaigner;11 walls shaking, steeples and chimneys toppling, an everlasting screaming of women and chil dren, and groaning of men." Hearen help it far from our doors, and to this end send us any number of brave defenders, and a sound Imperial alliance and Union which shall secnre for ns for ever the best of all Srotection-our share, and purchased and ononrably paid-for share-of the Imperial fleet. Trne is it new as of old " Britannia need* no bulwarks, j No towers along the steep; Her .-march to o'er the mountain wares, Her home is on the deep.".", We are in with, of, and for Britannia, and, like her, must recognise the great fact that our strength must be foundea on the deep. AVe must rule the waves, because they aee our bulwark. Invincible there, we acpre all possible enemies to. the shelter of their own tores; doubtful of our superiority there, we leave ourselves open to and actually invite attack. THE HITAJJ t»lWAKDEIt8' ABB gTIED ABO ffltfO ' pPXASTO'ygOffby. Therefor#lite to be earnest in ail things, andrejoicejo *00 Men «ftroe«i m these two gajiaqt ^aytqtqg gttH atgpttuc the matter oat aborfti . forced j|ptty. 'For Captain FdliartfinHanbt convinced/and never will be ^convinced. Forty yfeMrti!slifenfce he will date many of his experiences aw '' bo long alter thenighti took Meibonruewhite Captain Thomtia will speflk with an equal certainty of , the night we flwcovered aiid arrested that attack. ' ' It ia eaid that the gallant captains have al ready B^ent six ltmg Qi^lita tu arguing ont the matter, and that pbuttenge* lor shotted subs arnica actual attempt have been made hud 'accepted. Bat these, doubtlesa, atae idle ronj&ura;'ofabiihrd ejfefcgeratiuna. And we hare eome <»>nsolatiodtu tbe jreflection that GaptainFuliarton is for ^tu auiicutagaiiiat 90, and whenever 4he rejU«au»a;beg"»8 h0 wilihaVeCaptun/ihomau .s^ih'tiiiu. apd not against him. l"hey mi .a&due.; each, other, bht #oe betide theliuiiaian *Wacte tnpta to dodgethetn.' ? otii .Hurrah lor the gallant captlriiw both and their good men all, ajid aUtDo good ielloirs who donned their dnitorin and stood to their gnniand itnpro vedtbem.eivea toy the week* training »Ij ibis JJtewr;<may theif numbers be increased, iiext jsar, and may fhejr gtow men efficient and determined in feieryyear if. indeed. wi' haw not agkm^fa sterner sortbefore memanesktf-«hiii Easter toive bad time to grow cold. 