BISHOP BARRY BT EREMANTLE. CONVERSAZIONE IN THE TOWN HALL. I ; A large audience was present at the Town I Hall, Fremantle, on Monday evening to ac- cord a weloome to the Primate of Australia, Bishop Barry, on the occasion of his visit to the town. The interior of the building pre- sented an attractive appearance, having been prettily deoorated with flowers by the ladies of St. John's Church. Down the centre of the hall Were placed palms and bananas in pots, beside whiohjwere chairs. In the cre- vices on the wall were fixed all kinds of flow- ers and trees, and it would seem as if a con- siderable tribute had been levied on the gar- dens of Fremantle.' The stage was one mass of floral display, and even the reporters table was not forgotten^ for on it was placed a jar of beautiful lilies. Added to this was a large display of^ifags of all nations. At 8 o'clock the hall was filled to excess, both seats and standing room being oocupied. The front seats were reserved for the vice- regal party, which included His Excellency j£he Governor, aad Lady Broome, the Primate, Bishop Barry, Bishop Parry, and Mrs. Parry, Dean Goldsmith, and Mrs Goldsmith, Canon and Mrs Watkins, Mr and Mrs D K Cong don, Mr J C H James, Mr Justice Stone, the Hon J G H Amherst, Archdeacon Brown, Dr. and Mrs Waylen, Mr Gahan, Rev E Williams, Canon Sweeting^ while in the immediate vicinity we noticed Mr R Fairbairn, RM, Mr $ D Booker, Dr Hope, Mr L W Clifton, Mr E Solomon; Mr CT Mason, Mr B C Wood, Mr ¡W D Moore, Mr J Bishop, Mr S Hope, Mr J G Wilson, Mr George Edwards, Mr W H Hope, Dr and Mrs Barnett, Mr G R Woods, Mr D G Gawler, Mr WI John, Capt C L Clifton, Lieut J Humble, Mr Sam*Pearse. Mr F J Hickling, Mr J G Pitcher, Mr RE A Wilkinson, Mr G S and Mrs Norman, Mr J Lilly, Rev J and Mrs Hanlon, Mr J Pearse, Mr W Sandover, Mr E Mayhew, Mr F W Boss, Mr E Newman, Mr T G Doonan, Mr H Briggs, Rev T A and Mrs James, Mr J M Ferguson, Mr W C Hooper, Capt Phillips, ¡Mr J Roe, Mr W T Loton, Capt Scott, Mr E H Gliddon, Mr S P Phillipa, Mr D McDonald, Mr J W Hackett, Mr W F Evana, Mr J G Taylor, &o;, &c.; Tho refreshment department was in charge Ot the young ladies of St John's ohurch, and very active were they in distributing the dainties provided. AU the edibles were given by friends of the church, while a good sum of money was oolleoted towards defray- ing the expenses of tho refreshments. The following ladieB presided at the refreshment tables, and materially assisted in looking after the oomfort of the audience:-Mrs Watkins, Mrs Moore, Mrs Searle, MissBedda way, Miss Edwards, Miss M Reddaway, Miss E Edwards, Miss FUndell, Miss Compton, Miss Holmes, Miss Harwood, Miss Zoe Har- wood, Miss Kerr, Miss Craggs, Miss Ford- ham, Mrs Ley, Mrs A Bogers, Miss Wheeler, MÍ88 Doonan, the Misses Hope, Miss Major. The following gentlemen were also prominent in the management of the gathering:-Messrs G Edwards, B Kenworthy, Turton, F Easton, A Stephens, H Kenworthy, J Payne (secre- tary), A Hope, and A Lewis. The proceedings were oommenced with a march, "Marche aux Flambeaux" by the Fremantle Orchestral Society, conducted by Mr C L Clifton. Mr W F Evans, in the solo " Nazareth," was fairly suc- cessful, but his rendering was oeoasionatly marred, by the accidental omission of several notes in the most important parts of the solo. Mrs. Barnes followed with " I Know that My Redeemer Liveth. The choir of St John's Church gave "Oh how amiable are Thy Dwellings ; and the beautiful anthem " Hear My Prayer," the solos of the latter being given by Mrs. L. Clifton and Master Compton with very good effect. Canon Watkins then presented the follow- ing address to the Primate : To THE M06T BET. FATHER IN GOD, ALFRED BARRY, D.D., LORD BISHOP OF SYDNEY, AND PRIMATE OF AUS- TRALIA. TOUR GRACE,-On behalf of the parishio- ners of Fremantle, we give yeu a hearty welcome. Your presence stirs within ns many thoughts of gratitude to Almighty God. In 1836 Australia received her first Bishop in the person of the great Bishop Broughton, and now the Bingle see has become thirteen. We trust that this rapid growth of tbe episcopate in Australia may be accepted as a witness that spiritual vitality in this new home of the English race has kept pace with material progress. Yonr title of Primate reminds us that the several dioceses of this great oontinent are members of ono spiritual body. Your visit to the Mother country to attend the Lambeth Conference reminds .ne further that the Church in Australia is an integral portion of the one holy universal Church. We are filled with gladness at hearing of the time and thought spent by the Conference in considering the question how best to forward the re-union of distracted Christendom in one fellowship in the" mystical body of Christ our Lord. May the divine ideal of one fold under one Shepherd be quickly more and more realised. May the Church in Australia by her elasticity in ac- commodating herself to new conditions, by perfecting her system of synodal government, extending from the parish vestry to the gen- eral synod, by taking part in tbe decennial Conferences of the episcopate of tba whole Anglican Communion at Lambeth, and more than all, by the Holy Ghost within her, do ber part in promoting the unity of Christen- dom, by binding these growing colonies to the mother country, in the indissoluble fellowship of a common faith. May you long be spared to labour for the good oi the Church, and mpy your labours be greatlj blessed bf the Divine head of the Churoh, Jesus Christ our Lord and Saviour. G. GLYNN WATKINS. GEOROE EDWARDS. GEOROE F. PAYNE. D. K. CONODON. S. HOPE. R. FAIRBAIRN. J. G. WILSON. W. H. HOPE. J. BISHOP. Canon Watkins said he expressed th< sentiments of those present when he regret ted the cause that prevented Mrs Barry f rou being present that evening. He had muol pleasure on behalf of the vestry in presentini the address. His EXCELLENCY the Governor, who wai received with applause, said that he wa deeply gratified to find that Fremantle thai night had prepared such a genuine and heart: and he might also add, beautiful welcome t the Primate of Australia. Their - presenc that night, and the decorations which in th hands of the ladies of Fremantle had been si tastefully arranged, would be a proof to hi Lordship that they were glad to see him (applause) He was sorry to say that tba pleasure was tempered by the knowledg that this was his last public appearanc in the colony. His Lordship had onl been with them a few days, but ho ha found the time-which eminent men alway do-to do a vast amount of work, and he (tb speaker) believed the address the Primat would give that night would actually be th twelfth he had delivered since hi arrival in Perth a few days ago. He thougl that the meeting that night could not but b pleasant to His Lorship, as it composed large collection of ladies and gentlemen no t only of the Church of England in Fr mande-and in the next place, His Lordehi had had a very pleasant prologue to tl entertainment, ia the shape of a trip don the river from Perth. (Applause.) He e pressed the pleasure it had gi ven him' assist in promoting a fitting welcome to tl Primate, and he trusted and hoped that th his first visit, would lead to a second ai third, and even a fourth visit (applause). The PRIMATE in reply said :-My brethn of the clergy and laity, I acknowledge wi gratitude your kindly greeting which I tal not to myself personally but to the office r presented by me to-day; and I thai you for the brief but emphatic referenoe your address to many subjects of strong a: vital interest. You rejoice over the grow of our Churoh in Australia sinoe some yoara ago tho first bishop-a man of Bingal ability and large forethought-was sent to what had been till that time, ecclesiastically, an archdeaconry of the diocese of Calcutta. And, while the one oivil settlement of that day has grown into several colonies, the one great diocese of Bishop Broughton has been subdivided into|thirteen. One may, I think, take this as evidenoe that the Church is at at least not far behind the civil community in the hopeful race of growth, and the bold- ness of enterprise. You give a glad and reverent recognition of large Church unity, in the Primacy which I hold ; acknowledging an intercolonial federation of interest and sym- pathy in the Lambeth Confereno, at which I was your chief representative, and the wider catholicity which not only unites the whole Anglican communion but bids it oome before the world as but one branch of the Universal Church. Individuality and unity are indeed the two correlative powers on which the vi- tality of all human society depends ; and in the Christian Sooiety, the Church, both are developed in the highest and strongest form. But in our present circumstances, it is per- haps on unity, that we have most need to lay stress, and I gladly weloome the emphatic honour which you do it. With still deeper sympathy I note your allusion to the deliber- ations of the Conference on the subject " of the re-union of distracted Christendom." I rejoice that the fathers of our Anglican Church, have declared their conviction that on us lie seme duty of initiation, on this all important matter, and that we, without arro- gating anything to ourselves, may well invite brotherly confidence with the various com- munions into which our English Christianity is unhappily divided. It is a step-thongh it is but one step-towards the consumma- tion for which we pray. God grant it may be the earnest of a further advance in His own good time. From my heart, lastly, I join in your prayer, that our Church here in Aus- tralia, may prove the reality of its inner life, by free elasticity of adaptation to the needs of these present times, by thus developing new shoots of energy from the old unchanging root, and that as in ancient times the unity of the Church preceded and fostered the union in one England of little separate kingdoms, so, we may be permitted, under God's blessing, to help in the union bf all those young colo- nies with one another, and with the Mother country " in the indissolubile fellowship of a common Christian faith." I am always your faithful servant in Christ. AI.FB.BD SYDNEY. His LORDSHIP then addressed the audience, saying that seeing the programme they had before them be would consider he was doing wrong if he kept their attention for any time that night. Besides His Excellency had already said that he had had opportunities of expressing such opinions as he had on many matters, and in some cases he had been told that he had done so at considerable length, (laugh- ter.) He would promise them brevity that night. In the first place he tendered them his res- pectful acknowledgments for the splendid reception which they had been so good as to give him,' and his congratulations on the spaciousness of their Town Hall, and the very olear evidenoe of the publio spirit ot Fremantle, as shown in the assembly he saw before him. (Applause ) He took the liberty of expressing on this, his last appear- ance in West Australia, the deep obligation he felt to His Excellency the Governor. (Loud applause.) He did not speak only of the Governor's kind and generous hospitality but also of the support which he has been so good as to give, both personally, and in his official capacity, in the religious work of the last week ; and from what he had pub- licly said, he (the speaker) thought that he could take it as an indication of his opinion that after all, though under different cir- cumstances, it was well that there should be, as there had been in centuries past, that alliance of the State to the Church of Christ, the harmony of secular and religious in- fluences. He felt the truth of that principle and he was sure of one thing that the in- terest of the State was not merely in the material well-being, but in the intellectual and moral well being of its citizens. Therefore no state |could be in- different to the wonderful moralising and civilising influence which was the object of the Church of Christ to diffuse in the inspir- ¡ of higher principles. They of the Churoh of England would be altogether fab-.e to their traditions in the mother country, if they did not hope that their services could bo rendered to the wh^lf community and that they afford ed a welc mi o io all Englishmen, be they what they may, if they would accept at all such bonefits as as they conld give. Holding such opinions he could nob let the opportunity pass without expressing what he was sure they alL felt and what tiley knew better than > be, and that was the obligation this com- munity owed to His Excellency for his sym- pathy and help in promoting its highest and best welfare (loud applause). He ventured to express that opinion because he knew it was not merely in the Church of England, but throughout the whole of the Church of Christ that that feeling of ack- nowledgement was chéris bed. That position which was used to con trol tho State, was applied to servo the .Church. Once more he thanked them and as they had already heard he bid them farewell. It was not very easy as yet to arrive in Perth, but in February next tl ley would be more olosely connected with the outside world, and then he thought thos e ecclesiastical and other dignitaries who poa sed by King George's. Sound would, if they toi >k his advice, turn aside and visit their fair city and receive, as he knew they would rec eivo, a hearty 'wel- come. ' (Loud applause)* The concert was then resumed by Mrs. Forbes and Mr R.S. Fort« is giving " Youth's fond dream " in a vory ¿acceptable manner. Indeed this was in many respects tho most .../,;. y -.0: ?;.': ;. - ;;Í;VV-::^íi?;ï^ïï/:{f:-}'S. ? pleasing musical effort of the evening, while Miss S. Pearse rendered " The bird in my heart " with unusual tenderness, gaining the loud plaudits ot the audience. " Begina," an overture was given by the Orchestral society, and loudly applauded, while a duet by Mrs Barnes and Mrs Dyer was reoeived with satisfaction. Mr J G Taylor contributed "The Baft " but this was greatly marred by the Perth visitors having to leave the room to catch the train. Mr Clough, tho well known violinist of Fremantle gave a series of selections from " Il Trovatore " and his manipulation of the violin was greatly appreciated. He gained the only enoore of the evening, and in response gave " Dream- ing," a romance by Mr. P. M. Gilhooly, brother to Miss Gilhooy of the Government schools, Fremantle, and it is needless to say that he gave it in his best style. Mrs. Dyer sang " Betrothed," with much pathos. The concluding item on the programme, a song "In the Old Way" with violinobligato by I Miss O. Barnes, the vocal portion being en- trusted to Mrs. Barnes was sung somewhat ' earlier in the evening. The concert concluded j with the national anthem, and it was esti- mated that nearly 700 persons took part in the gathering. Mr Hart oonducted the choral selections besides singing " Oh hear the wild winds blow." 