FIRESIDE TALKS ON GHOSTS AND GHOSTESSES. BY ONE WHO HAS NEVER SEEN THESE CHILDREN OP IMAGINATION* m. A general deluge of ridicule greeted the last speaker's experience, for the manifestation of the black spirit was tantamount to owning up a belief in a spiritual devil; a point upon which a good deal of controversy is rife, aud wliicli comfortable sceptism bad impregnated the minds of these uncultured bushmen. Seeing that this stylo of yarn was awarded but a cold reception, an old sailor who had promised to tell us something he was an eyo-witness of, drew out of the ring aud tried to appear as if he was merely a listener. But this ruse did not succeed. "Now, Jack, what about ft your yam ?" said one, drawing the old man back again into the circle. " Jack thinks he is going to clear off just as he ought to be coming in," laughed another. Jack fired up at this, and said be had no wish to get out of doing his part, only he knew none of them would believe it, after the fun they had made of the last story, and as he had really seen what ho was going to relate with his own eyos, and could swear to it in a court of law, ay ! before the biggest judge in the land, lie did not want what was to him a serious matter treated as a good joke. " Go ahead, old man, we will believe every word of it, and not even ask for proofs at .the end," and amidst a general murmur of assent, the old man commenced :— " Fifteen years ago, this very month, too, we were rounding the Capo. It was bad weather, blowing continually a regular strong gale, and the sea rough and high. Well, one of my mates, J P by name, suddenly fell ill. Now J P was not by any means a favourite on board, in fact one and all shunned the man, for he had a black heart and did not take any pains to hide it. Well, as I was saying, he fell sick, and after a bit got so bad that it was necessary to watch him both day and night. As this sick-nursing was added to our ordinary routine some of the men cut up very rough about it, which, no matter how bad the man hud been, was a jolly shame. One night I had just come down to relieve one of them, after keeping second watch on deck. I was a bit drowsy for want of sleep, for as I was saying we'd been having bad weather, which always says lots of work. He was sleeping when I entered, find by the faint light I was startled with the change that had passed oyer him since the last time I had seen him. He was a strong, powerful kind of man, with a dark, evil- looking face—always framed in a scowl or snarl ; now he lay quite still, pale to ghaatliness, with a certain grim rigidness' that betokened death. I can tell you that I felt rather queer down below squeezed up tight and close, tho hammock swinging ceaselesaly with its ghastly burden, while the ship rocked aud tossed about in the waters, and the wind shrieked and howled like a hundred devils through the rigging. I was seated at the head of the hammock watching the sick man who was awake now, cursing and swearing in his delirium. All at once the hammock ceased swinging, though the ship pitched just as much as ever; and as there is a heaven above us I saw^the devil standing at the foot steadying. I could not take in all the hideousness of this dreadful sight before it had vanished. On looking round to see if the sick man had seen it also, a corpse met my gaze, and to this day," added the old man looking round solemnly, "I firmly believe that the horrible vision that I saw on that night fifteen years ago, was a glimpse of a very real and personal devil who had come from the very uttermost parts of hell to suatch iny poor mate's soul, for that be was an extraordinarily wicked man all the crew can testify." " i'ue very hopelessness and horror of this narrative broke up the party for the night, for although all these uncanny tales are laughable and absurd in the daylight, even the most sceptical feel a certain creepy sensation when the darkness comes in, and ■ghost and ghostesses Lave been the subject. Of course it is all imagination, though visions born of diseased brains, 01* physical ■weaknesses—coining in questionable Fhapes that; we uare not question, and if we do answering not. That Jack's yarn was authentic, the present writer can personally testify, bnt although we may have great respect for his veraciiy—not one of us could believe that lie really behold his s-ata, ,ic majesty s<o'idying llio iiamm >ck in . iiropvitt porso itv, but uny of us will nllow Hint his inn.giiiation played liim a j-trauge (Venn, ami s<> hi w ildoued him that up to the present day lio lives undur tlic iivui couviciiou that tlie Evil One is the possessor of hums, hoofs, and tail. # * The holiday of the writer of these papers has como to an end ; after all ho has only recounted'one ovoning's fireside talltn. Perhaps at some fntuvo date he will contribute some old yarns about this district, in the early and shady days, which he gathored during his wanderings. For tho present ho must disappear like his ghost and ghosti esses, 