Novelist HARRY BLOOMFIELD; OB THE ADVENTURES OF AN EARLY AUSTRAUAN SQUATTER. CHAPTER XXX.—(CONTINUED.) By Angus MXean. " Ton have heard my opponent. Mr. Spouter; and I mnst confess he has spouted much of the slash of the diggings over me and my fellow squatters, £r<om which I fear we shall not be able to extricate ourselves until we go through a thorough dipping. He has raked np all the imaginary grievances which he could think of, in nrder to guide your feelings from the right course and embitter you against a section of the community, who, instead of doing you harm, only wish for your welfare. For why? They know that it is io their own interest that the miner should do well. Were it notfor the gold-diggings they could not sell their fat surplus stock to such advan'a as they now do. I think, gentlemen, if yon consider the matter calmly, you will admit that I liave some claim on your suffrages, i was the first person who lowered die price <i[ sheep on these diggings. (Applause.) My opponent tells you that none but a digger ought to represent you in Parliament. I answer him by saying that I have been a digger myself, and that I owe my present prosperity to the gold of Bendigo. (Great cheering. ^Now, gentlemen, I have another strong argument to set against my opponent. Let me ask him what stake he has that he will not slip away in a few months to California or New South Wales if a better gold- field were to turn up there ? Besides, you have to pay for his keep in town while attending Parliament. At this stage some wag in the body of the building held np the skull of a sheep on a stick, and •^claimed, " Do yon see that 1 Are you not ashamed to look it in the face ?" causing great amusement, in which all my arguments were drowned, and I was forced to give up in despair. Several speakers followed, all opposed to my candidature, when some commotion was heard in the crowd, and a voice exclaimed—" Bad scran to yez, get ont of my way! Let a gintleman spake a few words." A sensation of shame seized me on seeing Dan Cullen " half seas over," stepping ap to the stage amidst a shout of ' Go it, Paddy 1 Give ns a tonch of the brogue! Where is your ahillaley ?" &c.; " Tnnder and onns, hould your pate, ye spalpeens," commenced-Dan, wiping his red face with a large green handkerchief with red flowers over it. " Just listen to me for a moment." " Bravo, Pat," cried the mineral; '"give us a lecture on pigs and praties." " Ye see, gintlemen, 1 came. from Tipperaxy meself, and.Iniyir saw a greater . * <^pdochan'_^erejth2m^ who. snake toyez from this binch this eratmi', and I believe they call, him Mister Spouter. (Great laughter.) Why, gintietnen, he has no more clothes on his. back than would wipe my. brogues} and he vants to be a membir of Parlimint. .The Lord hell. !. .' ("Give it to .him, Pat") He sticnS liiuiself iOp against that re-' spectable gentleman who ;spoke after him, too-Jie, a fellow that - Mjv Bloomfield would not trout to dhrire Jub pigs to marketj let islone sitting with lumin . Parlimint. Oh, my country! When I see some of onr Tipperaiy bojs [here tonight bemane ihimselves by holding upa 'leprochan' who cannotafford a clean dot or a coat to Ub The volley of Bhontingaiid laughter which followed this sentence drowned the • remainderof Dan'seloqnence. . vHefre- : tired, , apparently • qoite 3prond vof.'.JiiB oration. Awahow jctf;- hands pras. for Mr. Spouter, andabout jone^thnd for ", .liittffrxiiii. f-Mili "Sf.JyjB ^"i* '.'U .... The poll, which was taken some dayj j iaili^lwHpj^^ .:"; i myJavpnr&fltenjvo;^^ wholejgon in i^ Jfe^nr jthrqpgh Dane : and,were .-:i«membered.r;in.ffl] • tiA' - their policy ; but I refrained from making any rash' pledges until 'I had: some experience in legislative matters, and waited for the new measures which the Ministry promised to bring forward. They still adhered to a heavy tax on gold-digging, which they maintained was essential for keeping up the revenue of the colony. My friend Hamilton, who was elected without opposition, promised his constituents to propose radical changes in the law and management of the gold-fields. The new Parliament being at length summoned to assemble on a certain day, I left my station for town so as to be in time. On my arrival in Melbourne some letters from home awaited me, among which was one from my sister Rose. Not having heard from her for a long period I was very anxious until I read the acceptable billet; but—alas!—the intelligence which it contained fell like an avalanche upon me, and realised my worst fears regarding Edith Mowbray. Rose herself seemed to be in good spirits. She was on the eve of being united to Alfred Mowbray, who, with his sister, had returned at the expiration ,-of the lease, and hadtaken possession of their property, the debts on which had been paid off. Enclosed in Rose's letter was a small note which she had received a few days before from Edith Mowbray, who had left her brother to join her aunt —a lady who was married to some Governor in the West Indies, was then on a visit to England. I shall give a small extract from my sister's letter, by which the reader may understand better the sad news it contained— "I am really grieved for yon, Harry; and Edith's strange conduct and unfaithfulness to her early vows to you casts a dismal gloom over the happiness of Alfred and myself. We are to be married in a week from this day. Alfred was greatly annoyed at his sister's change of feeling, which made her leave and join her aunt. There mast be some strange secret in the affair, which I have not found out yet, for I do not like to question Alfred too closely, as it seems he does not wish to explain at present; but he promises to do so byand-bye, and then I shall let you kiiow the whole. I knew at once, so soon as they returned, that Edith had changed her mind, although she did not confess to me anything. I have no doubt but. that Mr. Stanley is the ooject of her affections, for I have heard that he is appointed private secretary to his uncle, the Governor, and the whole family—Edith included— are expected soon to return again. " I hope, dear Harry, yon will not take it too mnch to heart, for any girl that would change her mind after you holding out so long is not deserving of a thought. But for all that I pity her, as she appears very miserable herself, whatever the cause is." Edith's note to my Bister ran as follows :—• "I have not the resolution; dear Rose, to bid yon a personal fareWill, for my conscience is touched at the change which has taken place in my affections since I have heard of jour brother's reported death in Australia. I am perfectly sure that jou, as well as my brother, condemn my conduct; but, alas, I lost control over my heart, which you must have expected before this, although I had not the courage to tell you. Dear Rofee, I trust you will not discard me altogether, and that both you and Alfred will pity me ; but as to expectforgiveness from your noble broth er, who you Bay is constant to the vows which I have broken, 1 dare not think of such a possibility. Oh, Rose, if you had-but known the struggle I went through, and liow hard £ strove to keep my heart from straying yon would wonder less that I found it an impossibility. There is a secret in the matter, which I dare not tell you at present, but which I have no doubt Alfred will some day after yon are married ; for, of course, there will be no secrets between you. You must understand how much it cost me to part with my only brother; but after what has happened I could not bear to live always with a dear sister of the noble one I have wronged." I could not read any more of the distresBsing epistle. My eyes became dim with teats. I took up my hat and 8trolled out unconscious of the direction I was taking, until I found myself at Hamilton's office stepB, where my friend, wbo was in the act of locking the door, mrfftfie. "Hollo, Bloomfield, my >J ' toy," exclaimed he; "glad to see yon''in town; just in time for the opening of Parliament and the new Governor's balL" Oh, -hang the bail ; 1 am in no humor for the dance, Hamilton." What the deuce has come oversow that always looked so happy, after being elected a member through Bach a hard contest ? Why, man, you look as if you had lost both your seat and your fortune." "I have lost a much dearer prize, Hamilton—the only being I ever loved." Gome along with me, Bloomfield; let ns not stand here discussing private and delicate matters in the street. I am going to my lodgings, and we shall talk on the way. I am sorry, however, that'I have to act the consoler to yon as yon have had to do for me once before." : I told Hamilton the news as.we walked towardB his lodgings, or "what I at the time considered his lodgings. ' V. "Thereare as.good fish in the sea;" said fae^ Tan|^ing.\ " Ton know the proverb, Harry. Cheer up, man ; let the fair lady go to Hong Kong if she' is so fickle. By jingo, as. I was telling yon already, there is a Splendid chance for love-making and picking up matches at this forthcoming . Governor^ball. He innst bea brick to giye a •top' after his arrival." -. " What ldnd of man is he, Hamilton ? Better than the last, I trust." . Am blessed if I know, . Hairy. He is too news phnmyet to judge what he may be." ' " ' ' "But this ball, as yon say ; Ihaye no invitation as yet." r" "Nonsense. members of Parliament ace invited ; eo you will find, your ini^tionaomewherel Bnthere we axie at my lodgings.*" \- * t Wfay, TTafni1ton t yon,are <cbmlng but i#rei^pfejn||d.,buildings, andimustjbeipOBUylodgihgs.^faidaswe stood before- :one «f-.those finis: ^pottageB, -rf-, Inhabit^vby. lll^^^^BjiMg^tt suburbs,' wth ^ja .^magnificent: ofiojyprrj .inihe'^nt jpjE ^ ^ E ^ i ^ f ^ ^ ^ TOemusic^ssuedaresiop^iandjWamiU^m whwjieredin^ny e a r , — m ' *'Keeptiuiet. ^IWcBhall Aake the lady intoied3'Ji^[«sked. taoSier V i vtt stood on the threshold to listen. A dashing young lady, with an excellent figure, sat before the piano, with her back towards ns, winging in a voice full of mournful kind of melody a simple air set to very soft music. As I afterwards learned, the following were the words of the song:— " O, must I never, see thee more, Bat live on thy sweet memory t The love so long to thee I bore Restrains my heart from liberty. Thine image stands before mine eyes; Where'er I tarn them there it beams, Whether on earth or in the skies, But far more often in my dreams. Alas I these fairy visions bright Are but the fancies of my mind, And vanish like a flickering light Before a puS of wintry wind. .They leave my future dull and dark, My heart oppress'd with deep despair ; And hope, not e'en a single spark, .But all within a saddening care. They tell me that I am too proud, And that my heart is hard as steel, .Which within ice I often shroud, Alas? they know not what I feel. Oh, how can I remove this chain That binds me to my only love, This constant anguish and sad pain 1 Have pity on me, powers above I" The charming singer, as if giving effect to the last sentence, raised her eyes abore the instrument, over which hung a mirror, in which, unknown to me, our persons had become reflected. She give an involuntary scream, and turned suddenly round with an affrighted look. As the colour .returned to her face a familiar look from the large brown eyes told at once that my acquaintance, Winnie Graem, was before me. My cousin fair, what alarm is thus depicted on yonr countenance ? Allow me te present my honorable friend, Mr. Henry Bloomfield, Member of our Parliament. My cousin, Miss Graem, Mr. Bloomfield." Miss Graem extended Iter pri t y ii n 1, and I felt it tremble in mine while 1 lield it. Seeing her nervousness, I stammered out some commonplace apology for our intrusion, but my sudden surprise at the extraordinary beauty of the lady nnnerved me for a moment. "Why, upon my word, you are both blushing and stammering there like two old lovers." exclaimed Hamilton, in a jocular strain. " It is all your fault, cousin, sneaking behind a poor creature, and frightening her out of lier wits," replied Winnie, recovering her composure. " You never used to be startled at such trifles, my fair cousin ; but you must both excuse me for a few minutes," said he, as he went from the room. There was an awkward pause after he left, which neither of us seemed to be ab'e to break. At last Winnie remarked — I was not aware that you and my cousin were acquainted. 'Tis strange he never told me." I suppose he thought my name would be strange to you, and that you did not know such a person. I, for my part, expected you had forgotten me long before now." "Forgotten you?' she exclaimed, with involuntary surprise. Then, coloring up at her mistake, she continued—"I thought you would give my memory more credit, Mr. Bloomfield. Bat did you know (hat Mr. Hamilton and I were cousins ?" Not till lately, Miss Graem." And does he know that we met before ?" she asked, blushing. I think I mentioned that I saw you when a little girl." "But not when we met in Sydney, when I was at M<ss McFarlane's seminary ?" " No; 1 think not," I replied, as if trying to remember." " I am glad of that, Mr. Bloomfield. I have a certain reason for keeping him ignorant of our short acquaintance." *' It is perhapB as well," 1 replied, significantly. " I suspect you are in possession of all his secrets, Mr. Bloomfield." " I believe I am, Miss Graem ; and he is in possession of mine." " You are gre.it friends, it seems," she added, after a pause. We are, indeed ; and I look forward to seeing you and he nearer related than cousins." A half negative movement of the head was all the answer she gave ; and further conversation was stopped by Hamilton's re-appearance, ready for a stroll through the city. I bade " Good-day" to Miss Graem, and as I went ont I am afraid I regretted my friend's prior right, and thought that but for that bar she might soon have had me at her feet; for she had improved so greatly in the interval since I had last seen her that I looked upon her as the finest* girl in the colonies. " What do yon think of my fair cousin now, Mr. Bloomfield ? Don't yon think her charming ?' " Charming I she is all you say. Indeed, I congratulate you, Hamilton, upon my word. But why did you not tell me that Bhe was in town I" " I - wanted to take yon by surprise. Yon must know that Graem received a legacy from home, and what with a deal of money he made by his station in- New South "Wales (which was on the main road to the diggings there), he came down here to Melbourne some tune ago quite independent. He -took that cottage on his arrival, and as he pressed me to take np my quarters with tlie family, I have done 80." ' " Bat how is your love affair prospering 1 Indeed, X thought at the first introduction'that yon were going to present Mrs. 'Hamilton to me." i ' "Alas! I am not so fortunate yet. I am obeying yonr own instructions, and waiting patiently. She has notforgotten herfrsjbilover as yet, nor can I make her .tell meijhis name ; but I do not think she SiM BMnjor heard of him since. . Now, bloomfield, ance youare the best friend ^|ha.vB ill the colony I trost yon will put iuilai^ood word for me now and then; for I observe thfet ahe has taken more interest inypnithian'in any man she has met in' Melbourne." - I auppose it iB because yon arelBu<:tt**ciony'-of mine.: You have promued her to call often, so that you WjUljf^e chances, having Jno business«ngagemenfBm town fi]^: me to formy, W^n^ral^^ptBtioip^^^ug '-saving ti &&&!.i i : more beautiful and accomplished than the one who had deserted me, and, as 1 BUSpected, she loved me moro passionately and devotedly than ever Edhad. But how was I to act in the prest-: juncture ? Would I become a traitor to my friend Hamilton, who had placed such unbounded confidence in my fidelity. It was a hard struggle, and the temptation I feared was beyond my power of withstanding or resisting. But lest my Mend should suspect anything, some unfortunate voice whispered that I should go often to visit Miss Graem. " I thank you for the confidence you place in me, Hamilton," said I, "but these love affairs are rather delieate subjects to interfere with. However, I shall use my advocacy injyour favor so far as is consistent with my own conscience." "That is right, Bloomfield ; I shall expect no more. And now before we part I trust you will visit my uncle Graem any leisure hour you find, for I have so many engagements that you cannot expect me to accompany you always, especially at business hours." I took leave of my friend, and directed my steps toward my hotel, where an invitation to the Governor's ball awaited me. I visited Graem's frequently, for I found myBelf irresistibly attracted to the enchanted bower, where I freely drank intoxicating draughts of love. I became a great favorite with the rest of the Graem family, for Hamilton's sake, among whom were young beautiful flowers budding, but none promising such charms as the eldest displayed. I lived in Elysium during the few days which preceded the Governor's ball, and Edith Mowbray was almost entirely banished from my memory; but once or twice when I thought of her a sudden pang shot through my heart, and an involuntary sigh escaped me, plainly telling me that she held a deep hold on my affections. I had not betrayed the trust placed in me by Hamilton by a word. I faithfully advocated his cause, but without avail. Winnie, instead of inclining towards him, daily widened the breach, and at last actually forbade my introducing the subject at alL Alas for human nature. This resolve on her part pleased rather than d ^appointed me, for I had now more proof of the reason by which she was actuated. I felt flattered and lost. CHAPTER XXXII. THE GOVERNORS BAI£. Tae mrcVtalked of ball at length arrived, at which Htr Majesty's new repr jsei t ilive in Vic?" in e itertained the elite of the c< 1 »ny. M h specif at oa had been indulge 1 in oi . ii« iu Melbourne as to the impression wl ijhthenewly-aivived Governor would make on the public. His IO^ularity in the colon}', it wa ikno vn, would entirely depend oa sagaci'y a id good government, qua"! ies which L;a uedecessor had failed to manifest. Elaborate preparations were made in the shape of purchasing dresses, especially by the fairer portion of the community, f< r the grand occasion. 1 mr ved moderately early at Government House. The ball room was fitted out for the occasion in ma?nificei t style, and all the arrangement!: = carried out with tastoand dimple-- The ladies were dressed i • a ^orjoi- .„- l -expensive st\l:; but 1 was not» ial - proud to observe that the 1- v<-ly Miss Gnetn excelled -h:'u all in 1. a t * and brilliancy. Then t jesheattracteu - e>) re she had long arrived was manifested among the group of gentlemen iijund me. " Who is she ? " said one. " My eyes, what a stunmr 1" exclaimed another. What a glorious creature. Does any one kn>w her name?" asked a third. " Ask Blioiufield tlu*j," remnik d one of my acuaqintances ; and an eager cio vd at once gathered around me, pressing me forthe wished- o information. I answered with assumed indifference— " All 1 know about the lady is that her name is Miss Graem, and that- she is a Sydney native." 4 1 By jinero," said one, " I often heard of the beauti n Sydney natives, but never un-il this moment had such proof." " Blouintield is a lucky dog t • be acquainted with such a ia~e beauty," whispered another. Hamilton came near at this moment, when I stepj e i to one side with him. His fiist observation was— "Doesn't Winnie look well to-night, Bloomfield ?" "She looks charming, Eanilton. All the gentlemtn present are strack with her beauty, so you must look sharp after your prize." " I think that you o'ight to assist me in the defence of the fair c tudel, Bloomfield, and monopolise her company when I am not near, for I would tire her by. pressing my company too much; aid besides, you are getting an immense lavorit* with her." " Poor Hamilton," I thought-, "you are not so deep in love matters : a you are in legal; otherwise you would n >t rely so much on your friend's assistance." I felt for a morceat a strong coaviction that £ was not dealing honestly with my friend. But, 1 the conscientious scruple soon van aied when I found myself engaged with Winnie in the mazes of the excidng dance. Oh! the delirium of tl ose delicious moimn s as we whirlelround 'hsbiilliantly-lighted 1 a'l. The consciousness that I vas loved in return by the acknowledged belle of the ball, who'.e dazzling loveliness attracted so m>ich attention, was sufficient to break down the barrier of reserve which I had constructed forthe sake of my friend Hamilton. I shall leave my case in the ha nds of a jury of bachelors, who may have T o ind themselves whirling in the d;ir«2 under circumstances similar to m; own. I c< u'd not 1 elp acknowle Ig.n. m : lo* «. Seve a times the image ol LlLh .»Iuwbray appeared to my mind's eye; but. remembering how cruelly shehad deserted me, pride each time < a ue to my relief. " Ah!" I thought, "would she were here now to sre the charming creature that leans on my arm, aodreturn the affection which she has spurned. T wicelimagined, while meditating thus, that 1 caught a glimpse of' the de sp-blue eyes which had kindled my boyish love, and the same gra-^eful figure in the person of la lady whi w iilsd with her partner near us ; but I was too full of my own thbughta to take much notice of the rei ;ieiemberj»auBing for a few seconds to xest^andalso j» give my partner a better ibpjd^tun'jtjy of replying to my ardent proposals: . My arm supporting her ^aist, ah& her llaft hand rested iqpon mv shoul- ^r.whilp-the other, was detain.dby 1 me. of 0 >one. of face dose to her ^ w m ^ m ^ r n t y Jiera this eveniSW-W&Jr; thfelittleword that II |!i^ in which direction her eyes were turned, without replying to my question. ' What do you say then, lovely one 1 Am I then mistaken in your affection ? For pity sake, relieve me ont of my misery." A gentle pressure of both her hands interrupted the protestation, and ' she whispered— " The lady behind will overhear. She is casting suspicious looks towards you." I changed my position a little, in order to face the lady and gentleman who I knew were standing like ourselves out of the dance to rest, when my. eyes encountered the same orbs which had flashed upon me several times in the waltz. Was it dreaming or was it the ghost of Edith Mowbray which stood before me ? I was transfixed—unable to move or inarticulate a word. A stifled scream proceeded from the lady, who, but for her partner's assistance, would have fallen. Her cheeks became very pale, and she appeared as if about to faint. Her partner assisted her out of the saloon, while I stood where I had fir^t seen her in a moat perfect state of bewilderment. Winnie gazed at me in utter astonishment, and lier wordB, " Come into the air," brought mi-, to my senses. "Willingly." I replied, conducting her mechanically through the throng of lounjfots. Do you know who that lady is?" she enquired, eagerly. " I think I do ; but I am not certain," I replied, evasively. " I noticed her several times watching us during the waltz. But what a lovely woman she is, far haudsomer than poor me, although you fl itter me so," said she, slighly pouting. "She is i-ot handsomer, Winnie; of that I am positive ; but here comes your cousin, and he will find out who she is." When the question was put to Hamilton, he exclaimed— " Bless you, that was Miss Mowbray, a connection of the Governor by marriage. Why.everybody is crazy about her beauty. I heard a lot of fellows arguing whether she or a certain other lady I know is the handsomer, and opinion seemed to be divided. But I believe she is engaged to the Private Secretary, Mr. Stanley, who is a nephew of the Governor. Why,what is the matter with you, Bloomfield ? You look as if you had seen a ghost." After leaving Winnie with her mother, Hamilton and I stepped into the refreshment-room. I now remembered, that although I had told him of my disappointed love and the fickleness of my fair one, I had never mentioned her name. Now when he was apprised of the fact he manifested great surprise. That Miss Mowbray was still single confounded us, nor could we account for the mystery. " Why, she has repented, Bloomfield ; you'll find that out yet. The fellow appears to be quite spooney about her, stick- ing to her like a leech since they entered the hall; but she dees not care very much for him." " What is he like, Hamilton ? I was so confounded that I never noticed his looks." " Why, I must confess, he is a handsome fellow, but not so manly in appearance to my fancy as you are." Our conversation was interrupted several friends entering the room, amongst whom was the Colonial Treasurer, who came near me, saying, with a significant smile— •'Hullo, Bloomfield, you must be in high favor here. The Governor's private secretary was inquiring whether a gentleman of your name was at the ball tonight, when I answered him in the arffi- mitive. He was also enquiring about some other name, which J forget; but on hearing who you were he was satisfied. I expect to hear you being sent for one of these fine days." I guessed the renson of the private secretary's enquiries about me, although I did not satisfy the Treasurer on the subject. The reaction which suddenly took lace in my- feelings on beholding Edith E[owbray.so unexpectedly was most extraordinary. Although I had wished her present several times that evening to witness my conquest of the beautifnl Miss Graem, and to see with what indifference I treated her inconstancy, when she actually stood before me I felt like a criminal, especially when I suspected that she understood what had passed between my charming partner and myself. However, on reverting to her letter I considered myself quite justified in my conduct, and perfectly free. I debated with myself on the subject while returning to the ballroom, where I beheld the object of my thoughts. Mr. Stanley was still in her company, or, rather, was her partner in a dance. On the next dance being about to begin the gentleman, after a whisper from Miss Mowbray, approached me, introducing himself, and aidding : " 1 have the pleasure to inform you tfaat I am commissioned by Miss Mowbray to present her compliments, and ask that you will favor her with your company, as she has some news for you from your friends at home." . (To be Continued.) 