A Lone Star BofPeep. ?t« ? r BY HOWARD SEliv (CONCLUDED. The following morning, as'Judge Natchez, who oomprchendcd under one large hat- brim so much of the professional ability of Concho, turned his face homeward, there was an air of dejection about his bearing, and a flavor of delinquency in the swift canter into which he at, once lashed his unambifious pony. It is very likely that Ihis gloomy exterior was the outcome ot certain reserves, professional and pecuniary, that the gentleman had recently sustained. Notwithstanding copious draughts of the inspiration which, according to Miss Natchez, 'pop' was wont to imbibe, his earnest eloquence in behalf of his client was unappreciated, and Bill Darcy had been Vo-'be hung. And the legal gentleman's ef.brts to drown his chagrin in the enticement/ of 'Mexican monte,' during the previous evening, ormorc precisely, to 'even up with the Alnighty,' as he profanely re marked, on sitting, down to the deal board, had unfortunately resulted in the loss of his retainer and counse'ifce, consisting of the sum of twenty-five doliais cash and a diamond pin— his client's title tc this last article being entirely limited to the o: tentatious wearing of the gem. * Presently ho chanced upon a black-browed Hercules, lyinglistlessiv upon the prairie, and gazing with a scowl at some very fine cattle grazing in a fertile hollow. The man was attired in the unmistakable clothes of his calling. There were the heavy, wide, leathern leggings extending to the waist, giving the wearer, when erect, the appearance of walking in an immense mail-bag. There . were the knee-boots, ? with heels so extra vagantly high, and ? placed at such an absurd angle, that a PArisicnne in the day of . Louis Quinzc would Jiave screamed with „ delight, and cheerfully acquiesced in so admirable a contrivance fjr destroying the .eye-sight. This gentleman avoided any such tendency by living in the saddle. When he decided, to walk — which he rarely did — he strongly personified in gait that inelegant bird, the goose. It was the American cow boy, par cxcellelwc, with a certain smartness of exterior, which suggested the approving criticism, of the fair. What ' was there in the' sight of those magnificent cattle to occasion this scowl? It was simply a cjjaestion of 'cow-brands.' He was in despaii| of any possible method by which the ' wane-glass ' label could be con verted with* thip assistance of a red-hot iron into his own [ suspiciously involved trade mark. This .is Mr. Rube Smart, 4 cow puncher.' j Intuitively rejeognising a sympathetic spirit, the judge checljed his horse. 'Q-h-howdy !' the 'stone- fences,' rather tban^ the judge, remarked. The man, re cognising the | bibulousness of his salute, raised his eyes jin surly inquiry, and replied, ? 4 Howdy!* j ' Boo-oo-'full mornin' !' The ^ man -shrugged his shoulders, and ungraciously accepted the weather's serenity. The peculiarly. 'rocky character of the judge's cups had not communicated their insensibility v to his DAroe,Dtions. He was conscious of 1 of spontaneity in the dialogue. i _ ash up ? Wash lates' neweh fro Wash i ingtofl ? ' he queried, with judicial concern, ! and, I grieve to say, with occasional Texan - I judioial articulation. t , i Bill Darcy'e sentenced ter swing,' said the 1 cow-boy. The peculiar quality of ironical ; exaggeration by which the judge's inadequate j defence was rendered a national matter, was ' keenly felt by its recipient through his : spirituous disguise. His effusiveness was i quenched. ' Wush feller 'shpec' 'aligot five mur'hers ? an' dead nigger 'ghin 'm ? ' he retorted. 'Judge,' said his gloomy auditor, with affeoted concern, ' I reckon you'd better pull yer freight fer hum ; this sun's a heap too hot fer yer head, and I don't reckon ther's room enough roun' her fer ye. I'd recommen' , yer ter put right smart o' water on that law i box o' your'n when yer git thar. What's more,' he continued, ? ' thet Penelope ' — he alluded to Miss Natchez as though she suggested antelope, with the attributes of which ho was unquestionably more familiar — thet Penelope o' your'n needs yerprotectin' care. I seen her, yesterday, totin' a fine hair feller up to yer ranch. Looked kinder caved in, blank him! ' he concluded, with a lowering look. The judge did not inquire, into the origin of his friend's profanity. He was oppresed with graver personal mis givings. 'I reckon thar's whar iny whisky's been . , .ivuie.in' ! ' Apparently soVr-vl by the gravity of this deoision, he w..i,. i^d his horse and rode off without thanking Lis informant. When Mr. Faye Howo first opened his blood-shot blue eyes on the morning after his sanitary debauch, a demoralized sensa tion of dull pain oppressed his bewildered consciousness. Ho lay perfectly still, over whelmed with tho idea thut the present colossal proportions of his cranium required all the space of Penelope's airy boudoir for their accommodation, and that tho slightest change of position would release a throbbing . engine in his skull and involve its very sensitive walls in crushing ruin. By what ?species of inspiration he had engineered his gigantic head-pieco through tho narrow doorway was a problem beyond tho present ? available resources of his whisky-steeped intellect. He was still feebly pondering upon the impossibilities of this achievement, when Penelope dawned upon him through the portal, so ambitiously transformed from the Bohemian toilet of yesterday that failure of recognition by him, in his present shattered condition, might have been pardonable. She was consistently feminine in her attire, but extravagantly arrayed in finery of a faded and filmy texture. Nevertheless, a certain witchery about the tout ensemble , and an agreeable odor of buffalo-clover, with which her hair and antiquated corsage wero adorned, made their impression upon Howo, who yielded her tho homage of a sex more appreciative of effect than dotailin matters of dress. He was not without glimpses of the damsel's possibilities in appropriate attire. 'Howdy!' she said in a sprightly tone. 'How yo malcin' out?' with a sympathy of manner which her grammar would scarcely convey. Howe thanked her, and exhibited a diffi dence about expatiating upon his sensations, feeling a man's incapacity to do the subject complete justice without the assistance of pro fane rhetoric. He ventured, however, to pho tograph his hygienic degradation by facial pantomime. 'Prezackly!' she exclairned, with' demure 'Vf'i eyelashes, but mentally charmcd by the con A V^Ast between his silence and her sire's unhal ' v rowed inspirations after indiscreet libations to Silenus. She displayed at once a savory bowl and large spoon which she had hitherto held behind her. 'I reckoned ye'd be just naturally starved nrter yesterday,' she said, ' so I jest killed a pullet and made ye some chicken broth. Yer hands better, Mr. Howe. Tell ye, honey, ye had a clus call — sure 'nutf.' forthwith a prairie Hebe began to minister to the famished capacity of a blonde Bacchus. Meanwhile, her rcspected parent, having ? struck a most uncompromising homeward beelinc since his last cheerful information, was just rising the divide which overlooked his ' ranch. Ashe crossed the siring of waterholcs which formed the line of the creek, he was instantly cognisant ol the fact that, although the qualifications of the day for pasturage were admirable, Ills sheep were still imprisoned in their primitive brush-pen, and were solacing their appetites on the haystack which he had prudently prepared against the advent of dreaded ' Nortners.' This being the last link in the chain of misfortunes which had lately oppressed him, he at oncc entered into hearty and blasphemous rivalry of the much-afflicted i Job, who, I cheerfully submit, was fairly suc i ccssful in exhausting the poetic possibilities of profanity. It is with reluctance that I refrain frotn tran scribing this Homeric indulgence in epithet. For I certainly appreciate h~w necessary it is to the interpretation of chaiactcr, and to the portrayal of an exceptional felicity of expres sion. I concede, however, for the reader's en lightenment, that he threw gravsand uns&nc-; tified doubts as to the origi' of himself and Penelope, and in a surprisingly short space of time involved his entire genealogical line in unquestionable discredit, making all this con tingent upon ccrtain conditions of which he had present ocular nroof. After which charming effort he executed a wild war-dance in his stirrups in evidence of an exhausted vocabulary, took out a large, black plug of tobacco and bit off a triangular quarter of it, and then charged headlong upon his abode. But on the present occasion, whatever ver bal collation he had reserved for Mr. Faye Howe, lie was apparently prevented from offering to his notice, partly by his instant re recognition ot his familiar features, and partly by that apparent interest in his daughter which he detected in the gentleman's face as he entered the room. He recognised in him a very good client ; he was aware of his plethoric bank-account. This was the fust occasion on which the Northerner had honored his legal adviser by visiting him at his own abode ; and the father's imaginative temperament and fond parental heart were at once inspired with air-castle tendencies for the possible future of Miss Penelope. His greeting, therefore, although subdued in utterance, was earnest and genuine. I may as well acquaint the reader, at this point, with the fact that the gentleman was of un questionable birth and breeding. He was Jhesonofa former governor of the State of Virginia, and Penelope's mother had been a lady of patrician beauty and social attraction ; but the war, that comprehensive apology for much Southern shamelessness of destitution, was here sincere. The feebler feminine nature despaired and died; the stronger masculine one survived and accepted alcoholic consolation. When, therefore, the degene rate gentleman of a once golden age learned of the narrow cscape of his guest, and the heroic treatment extended by his daughter, his pale, intellectual, and still handsome features expressed both parental pride and sympathetic solicitude. ' Penelope will bring you around in a day or two,' he said cheerfully ; ' make yourself perfectly at home and as comfortable as you can under the circumstances. Meanwhile, you say you have certain matters of business ' — the critical reader observes that the judge had that easy adaptability which enabled him to varj his dialect to suit his auditor, and his present utterances gave evideucc of the recollection of social privileges, once enjoyed and by no means forgotten — ' we can consider them at our leisure.' To which Howe — a Northerner, remember, and notwithstanding his serious invalidism, replied : * Why not now ? It's the old matter — that dispute about water privileges between Smart and myself. The season is dry, and there is barely enough for my six thousand sheep. He insists upon watering his cattle upon my ranch. 'Is that all?' said the legal gentleman relapsing into border slang immediately, and giving fiery advice which, hitherto, he had seldom followed. 'Is thet all? Wal, I've looked up thet matter,, an' yer ' klcs ' is all . straight ; 'give him 'notice to quit;' ef he don't bluff, shove half a dozen cartridg3s inter yer Winchester, freeze ter yer water hole, and stand off him and his cussed cattle.' * * * # * * * A fortnight of the halcyon weather of a Texan spring had passed away — days of sun shine, offragrance, of bird-song— the blossom ing of Nature's heart in earth, and air, and sky — days uneventful, but, ah me ! full of a certain novel and blissful fascination for Miss Natchez. She was leaning dejectedly over the narrow railing of the ranch, her drooping eye-lashes giving her face a quaint suggestion of heavy mourning. There had been no abatement of the glad weather ; the air was tremulous with the melody of rival mocking birds which flickered in black and white plumes from tree to tree, and filled tho embowering live oaks with their delirious ventriloquism. Her cause of grief was entirely subjective ; the sunshine of Mr. Faye Howe's presence had faded from her horizon. There had been hours of Arcadian colloquy, of equestrian companionship, of pastoral shoep-tending and sheep-seeking with this Lone Star Bo-peer. Tnere had even been sentimental moments of generous rivalry, devoted to the perforation of tin tomato-cans at ten paces with the ' six-shooter.' It would seem that the 'abomination of desolation' was left as the result of this target-practice. Howbeit, although at times given to reverie and a day- dreaming that was new to her, she was full of a certain energy attributable, perhaps, to the awakening spring. But the judge, who was himself a victim of the * dumber-ager,' and, on days consecrated to mental communion and suppressed ' shakes,' had an invalid's acute perceptions, 'allowed thet he never reckoned the spring fever so obstrep'-rous.' A sudden conviction of the untidiness of the ranch oppressed her, and by incessant practice in the hurling of missiles, she removed its en circling debris to a point too remote for ocular disapprobation. Then she lost her apparent taste for veiling her sex in masculine raiment. With the aid of some old fashion-plates and an in genuity with her needle at which the sterner sex stands aghast, she accomplished toilettes outre but effective, from relics of her mother's finery, religiously preserved by her father. The judge had his failings: he had also his ideals. Notwithstanding great powers of fascination for a proverbiallyconfiding sex, he never found it in his heart, nor in his wildest dreams be lieved it possible, to duplicate Mrs. Natchez. Her dress- making over, Penelope developed marvels of cleanliness, and entered upon a campaign against her luxuriant but tangled mane. She possessed among her treasures a cracked and bilious mirror. Before this men dacious detractor she passed unlimited time in the industrious combing and effective ar rangement of her raven tresses. It is interest ing, as an instance of the intution of woman, that she merely pursued the man-demoralising tactics of the famous Lorelei, of whose entirely poetic existence she was blissfully in igno rance. Finally, having carefully prepared the sinews of feminine warfare in the formal manner above described, she drew the picture of the unfortunately fashionable young lady from tho humiliation of the chimney, affixed it to a tree with a small ' bowie,' and being geographically prevented from annihilation of the lady by pure personal charm, engaged in vindiotivo and unerring target-praotice upon it with a more effeotive but no more re morseless woapon. But I think it waB in her treatment of tho owl that she most palpably acknowledged tho presence of Cupid. She possessed a small menagerie of native pets,, with which her hitherto undeveloped affeotionshad been con tent. In small wooden cages she had immured at various stages of adolesconce, a dovo, a mookmg-bird, o prairie-dog, a diminutivo jnokass-rabbit. A somowhat lively fanoy in the deteotion of resemblances had impelled her to baptise these captives with tho titles of certain of her many admiring suitors. Sho shared tho Homeric faRoinations of the model wife of Ulysses. Tho dove and tho mocking bird were cow-men of mild and languishing sentimentality in feminine matters — Naturo's carpet-knights— the one givon to playing cooing ballads on horsebaok with a craokcd guitar, and the other offensive through a servile sorablanoe of devotion, at spasmodic intervals, on a reedy aocordeon. The marmot was Mr. James Wily, tho gambler; the jack rabbit was Mr. Rube Smart, the 'cow puncher.' But the owl ! — the owl was nameless, typical of that evasive silence whioh woman preserves ? in amatory matters of a serious complexion. Howbeitj tho desperate devotion with which sho sacrificed before this silent, feathered altar might have encouragcd the ancient Pythagoras in his doctrine of motempsyohosis. One morning, an accommodating teamstei jumped down from his box-seat in his 'prairie-schooner, and deposited in her trembling fingers a billet-doux; sho devoured its contents with eager eyes. It was simply an invitation to a ball to take placo that evening at Eden, but its effect was alarming. Sho became earnestly grave, and sot about appalling formalities ; sno filled tho clothes boiler of tho ranch, and hoated it to a danger ous temperature ; sho removed all the interior furnishings of her father's tent, tightened its cords, aud rendered it nearly opaque ; sho deposited within it her most elaborate toilette aud an ambitious wash-tub. Then taking her six. shooter,' sho chastely rotreated within its precinotg, and tied down the canvas opening from within. This modern Diaiia recognised the efficiency of powder and ball against a possible Acbeon. When sho reappeared, the effect was dazzling in the extreme. That tho ball was held in a vacant store owned by Jim Wily ; that it was illuminated by an unpardonable extravagance in tallow dips, perched upon laths tacked to empty shelves ; that tho elite of Eden danced in full equipment, but in the affiuonce of ' boiled shirts ; and the social sub-stratum, from every available window and loop-hole, availed themselves of a view of the festivities in which they were not iuvited to participate, but which they endeavoured to cloud by tho diabolical tobacco-smoke under which they veiled their slighted feelings, is a matter of memory among the inhabitants of the frontier town. But bow Miss Penelope Natchez was its pervading charm, how who outshone by her bewildering appearance the much betoiletted fair ; how she compelled admiration by flatly refusing to dance with Jim Wily, while not hesitating to grace hiB entertainment with the effulgence of her presence; how she danced square dances with all her many admirors, but how there was a tendency to monotony in waltzing with Mr. Fayo Howe, was reported at great length by tho -ornate editor of the Eden Advertiser , whose extravagant periods afforded significant evidence of the height to which a single privileged quadrille had exalted him. Wo have lost our copy of i this crifted sheet, or we could not forbear transcribing it. But while Penelope andFaye were approximating to a condition of plastic infatuation at this crowning social event of the frontier season, there were two who de parted with far different feelings : Mr. Jim Wily in expressive indignation, and Mr. Rube Smart in the ombrace of the 'green-eyed monster.' Tho relations of Mr. Howe and Mr. Smart were necessarily belligerent. Tho former's apparent progress in the affections of Miss Natchez effectually settled that. Through out tho long dry season Rube's stock drank the water of the Northern gentleman's ' range ' by the hogshead ; at first, under his armed surveillance ; afterward, with the familiar effrontery of habit. At last, when a further continuation of this would have left | his own woolly flocks to famish, Howe- laid : aside his customary caution, filled the maga zine of his 'Winchester/ and getting the ' first drop ' upon his persistent foe, coolly assured him of speedy conversion into a human colander if he did not desist instanter. There was a steely glitter in Howe's usually mild blue eye, aside from tho advantage of his attitude, which was convincing. Mr. Rube Smart accepted the resistlessness of the gen tleman's logic. He quietly withdrew. This did not prevent him, however, from emptying his own carbine and 'six-shooter' on occasional dark nights into the crowded sheep-pens of the Northerner. The dastardly cowardicc of this act was apparently visited with retribution, for Rube's stock — few in number and mostly acquired by conversion, both literal and legal ? died by tens and scores. His encounter with the northerner had sufficiently convinced hiin that open combat was not the most efficient method of revenge. Assisted by Jim Wily, who still rankled, and by Texan rum of phenomenally bad quality, he developed a scheme worthy of the brain from which it emanated and the liquor by which it was inspired. Briefly, his plan was to ' pop the question ' to Miss Penelope, and in the event of her probable refusal, to pop her very charming person into a covered buggy, and forcibly elope. It is hardly necessary to say that all this was to be done in the absence of her father. Mr. Jim Wily kindly offered to accomodate his friend with the necessary vehicle. He was not aware that Howe, during the entire summer, had maintained a brave light against feminine fascinations ; notwithstanding a hermit's isolation, and the absolute cessation of epistolary hostilities from the fashionable dressed young lady. He did not . know either, that the poor little namesake of the exemplar of Greek conjugal fidelity was in despair of ever hearing from the faithless Howe again, and destitute of any consolation save her owl, now arrived at muscular maturity, and apparently anxious to emulate the gentleman by flying away. The early fall was at hand, and the rain, so long withheld, charged impatiently upon the exhausted earth, with a fury that left a misty liazo in ths air, like the ghost of a fierce en gagement. Amid the violent storm, which had prevailed intermittently for five days, Judge Natchez, returning from the settlement of a local dispute in a neighbouring town, received the news of the cow-boy's design upon his daughter from a transient guest of Jim Wiley, who had overheard a conversa tion through the sheeting partition of his sleeping apartment. A Texan hotel is an ambitious rival of the famous Whispering Gallery. Theie was no outburst of profanity on this occasion. He received tho details of the plot in that silence which makes intense emotion so awe- inspiring; but the sony mount of the judge soon realised that he had never before experienced the possibilities of flaggelation nor his own powers to overcome space. In the height of this mad ride, he saw through the encircling mists a buggy, achieving a very comfortable rate of speed along the trail road between himself and his next neighbor, and proceeding in the direction of tho ranoh. His face paled ; the line of his jaw showed through the tense skin ; his knocs smote the side of his horse ; but slipping his right arm free from tho sleeve of his ' slicker,' he drew a self-cocking Colt's revolver — the gift of a grateful client- and rode on to intercept him with the sternness of fate. Rube Smart — for ho it was — seeing tho judge, and reoognising him immediately, reined in his horse with his left hand, and leaning out of the buggy, allowed his right t ) drop meohanically to his hip. The ; gesture indicated the locality of a weapon — I not a self- cooker, but equally speedy in tho gentleman's hands He had long ago filed 1 tho notches in tho tumbler of the lock, and : was wont to disohargo it by tho more leverage of hiB powerful thumb upon tho ! hammer. A rent in tho 'slioker' of tho horseman discloscdhismaskcd design. Frontior etiquette recognises no distinction botween tho drawing of a weapon and its actual discharge ; tho ono implies the other. There wero two almost simultaneous roports from within hand-shaking distance. A frantio horse, riderless, and with leaping Btirrups, dashed wildly away in the direotion of tho ranch. A buggy, from tho spinning wheels of whioh tho water flow, wont careering madly 0Y0r tho water-soaked prairie. Tho avenging father aud his victim lay dead, with the rain pelting upon their ghastly faces. As even at that moment, Penelope, await ing anxiously at the window, her sire's return, marvelled' how muoh tho coursing drops upon tho pane resembled tears. About tho time of tho occurrence of the tragedy, Mr. Fayo Howe — seated at tho stove of the hospitable Macpherson, a genial Soot whofio storo was at once post-office and general base of supplies for the town of Eden — was engaged in contemplation of his steaming boots, and 'in cynical meditation upon tho inconstancy of woman. The ring of native Texans around this red-hot dispenser of comfort was praotical in its lamentations over tho danger of ' rises ' in tho waterholes and oreoks. At eaoh lull in the conversation, the expectorant hiss of the assailed stovo seemed at onco to deride and threaten their fears. Mr. Howo was feeling classical on this occasion ; ho was silent, and supported his own experience with the riper judgment of Virgil — 'Variumet mutabUe femina!' Tho immediato predisposing cause of so muoh mental communion and this Latin summary was probably the recipt, that morning, of tho wedding- cards of the young lady who has occupied photographic prominence iu these pages. Not that Mr. Howe was particularly sensitive to the somewhat marked flavor of the lady's social etiquette, but because he reflected with pardonable disparagement upon the apparent readiness with which she had hitherto acknowledged, in notes of superlative perfume and tinted paper, certain gifts of jewellery which nis prodigal gonerosity had in time past felt called upon to tender. It was- perhaps, the epistolary reflection which led him to dwell with gratified contrast upon the apparent sincerity of Miss Penelope's attachment. Howe was thoroughly conscious of certain billcts-domr, which — albeit ungrammatical and crippled in orthography — were genuine and unper fumed. A lack of self-prejudice in personal : matters made' him execrate himself for ! failure' to acknowledge theso gratuitous ; pledges. After this condemnatory introspec tion he walked to tho window. Outside it was raining heavily. As he stood gazing out at tho pouring rain ho was struck by the attitude of resigned fatalism exhibited by his patient steed. The gentleman 'was conscious of entertaining a peculiar sentiment for this animal. It was not affection, for Howo wps singular in this, that he had never been able to love anything which did not at first exhibit toward him marked evidence of attachment. Whatever ' Oscar' was, he was not demonstrative. He had beon first attracted to him by that stern practicality which obtains in matters of horseflesh — his record for speed and endur ance. The mustang had been victor in many a piairie- 'scrub-race,' and his fame as a swimmer of unfordablo rivers had gone abroad through the country. Later, Howe had come to respect him for his keen instincts. Entering tho State with Northern enterprise and that lack of woodcraft proverbial of a 'tender-foot,' a carelessness in riding over his boundless 'range' had often compolled him to resort to a compass situated in that long head, to prevent passing the night on the bald prairie. Then, a philosophical submission to the inevitable, a stolid patience of misfortune, withal, a serene indifference of fate had compelled respect. He fancifully believed that the horse reciprocated the sentiment, and that he had faith in his master besides. This had induced him on one occasion to record a vehement oath that death alono should part them. As the gentleman dwelt upon an equine oourage that was almost manly, and accepted his suggestion of dripping boot-loathgr. Jie, was appalled at the sarcasm of calling him ' Oscar Wilde.' Why was it ? He distinctly saw the animal raise his head and look him full in the face. A man, pale with excitement, at this moment ran into the store, and announced that he ju6t found Judge Natchez and Rube Smart lying dead upon the prairie. The door slammed violently. Mr. Howo was j gone. i As he loosened the lariat of his mustang, : he was prompted again to look into his 1 intelligent oyes. What was it he saw there ? ' Who knows ! Yet, as he settled himself in his Mexican saddle, ho felt that sublime consciousness of tho privileged equestrian — that horse and master were in accord. That ride through flying mud, through splashing water, over the wet prairio ! Here and there swollen pools along the way had overflowed the trail in blank and treacherous sheets through whioh his horse dashed with the fury of an angry billow, leaving the track of their fierce progress outlined in flying ; spray and hurrying curves of bubble and foam. At times, the yielding soil of the beaten track forced him to break his way amid chuparral and copse, and through thin files of mesquite and live oak, standing like storm-beaten sentinels in silent gray, the panting of his labortng-steed, the cadence of plunging lioof-beats swept by unchallenged. As he rode on without whip or spur, and felt the restless energy of those grand muscles playing like an engine beneath him, ho was filled with admiration for his noble horse. His watch told him that the obscured was but ' an hour high as he passed the pecan motte and tho dismantled cow-pen lying hid den within itB depths. Tho line of water holes that he had formerly known was brim ming with water, and nature's chalices seemed eager to burst their emerald cups and overflow tho intervening space. He thought of the ranch at the junction of the two creeks — so negligently placed. He thought of the orphaned Penelope. He might yet be too 'late ! Just as he descended tho gaunt divide which sloped gently down to the now visible dwelling, ho heard a noiso before him. Ho knew it instinctively and caught his breath ; the lino of waterholes was a foaming creek. Only to his horse's knees as he dashed through it, but he was aware of the danger in those latitudes, and shuddered as he galloped up the little rise and into the live oak clump. Throwing his mustang's bridle over a neigh bouring post, ho ran to tho door of the ranch. He knocked. No reply. He knocked again — louder. Silence still. With frontior polite ness, he turned the knob and entered the young lady's bed-chamber. The room was twilight dim. Penelope had thrown herself upon tho bed and lay asleep. Ae he entered sho opened her oyes wearily and rose with a sudden flush. ' Why, Faye !' was all she said. ^ Ho took the little brown hands in both his own. ' The creeks ar6 rising, dear ; I have comc to save you !' She ran to tho window and cast a startled look without ; sho threw open tho door and saw the long flats about the smaller branches submerged and threatening ; she camo baok to him with a pallor in her face that Howe had nover seen there before. Ho smiled re assuringly. ' Do not despair,' ho said. ' My sorrell is outside. Are you ready ?' ' One moment !' the girl answered, grasp ing the sombrero, dusty with negleot, and an old rubber-coat of her father's. Sho threw them on hastily, and ran out into tho storm. Howo was loft in tho little room. Penelope ran to her cages ; she freed tho dovo ana tho mooking-bird, which availed themselves of tho privilege. Hesitating a second, she finally drew tho confining barriers for tlio prairie-dog and jack-rabbit; they coworod in their open prisons. Catching up the full-plumaged owl, tho faithful little arms attempted to carry him to tho horse. The ungrateful wretch flutterod fiercely, broke from hor tendor- clasp, and flapped heavily away. Sho returned to Howo, who was w.iiting in the saddle. Ho turned hiB heavy box-stirrup outward a little and reached his right hand to her. Pouclopo put a trusting little foot on his ; sho mounted behind him. Two confiding arms were thrown around him. I wot the behavior : of tho gentleman was in marked contrast to i that of tho fugitive owl ; ho displayed no disposition to cscape that gentlo prcssuro. Thus thoy rode out in tho brief Southern twilight. As thoy descended the slight rise, his heart sank as ho saw tho larger oreek ; it was run ning with tho fierceness of a turbulent river — the current sotting with tho trond of its valley bed, and, therefore, not always in the midefio of the stream. Tho roaring waters were plunging up tho slight declivity foot by foot ! He glanced back — the lesser branch and its encircling flats wero moving rapidly, the tremendous volume of water cutting them off in the rear. Tho only chance of perma nent safety Faye Howo knew was in tho great divide, stretching before him dimly like a despairing hope. Something of the despera tion of tho coming strugglo was in him, as he turned in his saddle. ' Little one,' he said, throwing a strong arm around hor in tho gathering twilight, ' it is far, far worse than I thought. Your father has not returned. Look at mo, darling! Ho never will, he never can. Shall it bo mino to take a wife with mo to the other side?' He folt the pretty brown armB tighten their clasp ; a little head sank upon his shoulder. There .came to his listening ear a whisper fragrant with its memories of buffalo clover : ' Faye, I reckon so.' Ho had not hitherto detected the latent poetry of this peculiar Texan idiom. ' Oscar,' who had halted upon tho sloping declivity as sternly as if carved in stone, immediately shivered and gave a loud snore ! it struck both ominously. Howo leaned forward over his strong neck and patted the animal's ear, very much as an operator taps his telegraphic key. It was an old familiar gesture understood by themboth. Thomustang sprang forward and was soon breasting the hurrying flood, but sinking deeper than when the water first swirled around him. Howe disengaged himself from hiB stirrups, and, whispering to Penelope, slipped from tho saddle, swinging off by the girth. She took his placo. And now the rushing, turbulent river began to bring down on its current fragments of creek-margin and grassy debris. A snake swam past them in tortuous fright, Small sticks of timber drifted sidoways with tho boiling flood, or shot swiftly past, flying like darts, end-on. The raw-hide bound cow pen was breaking up and giving way. Swimming thus on his horse's left, holding on by the saddle-girth, and shielding with his own body the tender limbs of her who was to bo his bride, Howe shuddered as he thought of the great pecans. At that instant he heard a loud crash up tho creek ; his fears were prophetic. Already under th& lee of the great divide, he was feeling a rising joy in his heart, when ho noticed an unoasy movement of his mus tang's head. Ho strained his eyes through the gloom, but could see nothing. Just as ho felt his horse's fore-feet strike the sub merged prairie-bottom, a dark, ominous shape, swinging irresistibly with the current on a fulcrum caused by the resisting bank, struck the brave head of the noble steed with ! the force of a thunderbolt. Tho stricken j neck bowed mutely before the great destroyer, and with a single convulsive sigh the doomed animal yielded up his life.- The trunk of a huge pecan that had caught in a side eddy drifted slowly past and out into the rush of the whirling creek, like some black and sullen leviathan. The eternal decree of fate was done ! But Penelope and Faye, left thus in the rapidly shoaling water, were saved. The North and South clasped hands at last. 