* l0ovcIto t. A GREAT WRONG, OR, 'I'II I; ,1 I. TE ! .11 F 11 TL L?A .1IOILLOIIf GIIANGE. BY EMMMA GARRISO/N JONES, Aur/or of" A Terrible Crime," " A South ern lrilcess," " Ruby,I" " The lissing S Bride," et/c CIIAPTEII XXIII. TIIH SERE.(lIT PARSA1E. N tho gravo-likco gloomii of hli IIlrrt sat, his torn at his sille, tim rail ,f Yellaw pa'Ia" in h is breast, and visible ill 011th phosplbol esenc glow that iilled the dallp dulgeon, was theo wful skoluton. "It will go lohard with e if I fail to llnd uamoe lop-holh," he had said ; but senach anIld groIpoIs ho l ight, ii llo 1001o o10 could eu folund. Anld tt Inat, ft'or tumblllinlg aIlld failing ((ltd bloiillng li 111n(1ds IIg illst t(he 11(ti e walls, lie Iha giveI over, anld at do.it inl ltter despair. The wnlln wrtn'1( 1hl, nlld rI'lcu was Ito sign of (ollr I willdiow, Imo -nl'y Ogress being the closed tr(ap door far Ilow mI'0ny days anild nig(hts h11 gone b.y ho could not I'll-a- eternity it wantemd. Hie was growing alarmingly 'nvelk froll hungllle'r, ianld a iurce paill, I' duced by the dalnp|nuan , racked hil body. There was but oe hpope for him, thn ((p(op of death ; and1 thle oaonor it Cae1110 ((d reloased him from lIli( agony, the ,otter. And yot it was hard to tlio th1u, inl the .,ory prim' of his Imanhood ; to lie there lnd 0sta1rvo and rot ih th(e darknessl , and Ihe world never know luight of hlia ';Ito I I I hlowed hli burning temoples on hlis :'tsl.,d hands, andl a groat subl of pain 1ld despair shook 1liiim. She would live, -o oldy womanll he adored, and mile in :I illotlahlo Ilovelilles, lang0igivo he'r sweet '.' i(e10s( to 0o11me happy Iover, while (he l told lio there unlmtnented n, d l(rl prhaps ilromlnu bored, 'ho tlhought w1s1 very litter, Ilia bowed head fell lowvr,nlld nob after sob shook the atrolgmnan Ilultil hetroinbled like a reed. "I heuaven have IrOy on Il e10," hn gronod aloud, "oand if I un i il drink this bittor cup, lot Ilia dr(in it quickly1I" Somellthing like tlhe sound of n hI(ma((li voice uanue'red 11i11n-a strange, hollow tmond that seeeld to Issueallo fro tlhe solid Ilour bollonllth hli. . Amblrooo staIrto to hlii foot, the per spilrntioll breaking oult upon) lim in Iioldi dIrolli, his 0yo glaring lito tilhe thick, block glioin. " What was tllt T" he dollnlllded. Thle Ihlo w Ollow und ws rllea(tod, 1nll after It lntll i aI(UleO0al(ll iof tnp., 'Phto younlg IItan si(eO d IIand l iito od, the hiln. pluutralble dairkneslt all about hii., " Whlla' tll lhat " he agai delmanldeld, thu truilior of i grolet horror runnllllng througl his v1lou. The rlanlllg grow loudor?, a rasplilng llort of crashi followed, anld Ihliun nlll l(ibtlu instinct wnrlled Ambrose that Ihe was no lonlelger ilonol Soiuo living rIalrturo wis nlonr hiom. Never till Ilie dying dlay did the youltlg mIaitl1 forgot the Ienlantionll of tlhat IIiolllint. A Ihorror that was utuitterablo fell upon hh11lol, nd the very hair on his hlndl reoiledl to rAio. Whant proaoioo wa1 Itthatllho felt no sloiar himn 1 Ily i groat llurt lie olnl. Illullodl Ills vloo.e '* Itn !lavoln' Ilanilo, 0whlt lro you P" he asked. A. soft luolp Ih'luck the dalip loor, i You ? Iro throe, are you I ' naiivered a plenalntt voitco; " and in utter darknoss, too I Why, wht'ro's your lantern? I Put out by thte foul air, though, of course. \Vhow I what a stencih, ail dark as ErobusI Onet mlight uns wl stop into a gravo I Youl've fouol th the li tedious, ito dolubt, and I couldn't get hero ono nlltnlto sottor." ' Iit Ilavou's tntio, who are you?" agailn dlemaondetd AInibrose. " Who nul I? Well, King Leaor, at your sorrieo, us I told you olicte beforo. I've not forgotton you, Mr'. otrhart ; I knltow you in on inslutant. Your face is a very strikiug otne. I aowt you witen you I ent down, and I should haveu stopped you, but I wits ttriouls lo Hoe whtat yout were Ofter. I didln't think n soll but mny self iIknow of that secret p)assag froml the death-room; Hlow came you by your knowledgo, anld whalt took you down hero ?" "No mattor tiowt," oxclaimed Anmbroso. " If you aru It htllllun orature like tly slt heIlp tttm, I bug, to gout out of this hor riblo pit." A mool of mirtlful laughter filled the vault with weird cllhoe". "A humaln creture? Indeeood I am, Did you take me for a glost ? I'll wagor itty otatd you did now. la, hts, hoi I A fine joke that. No, young man, I'm not hostý5run -Vit-gsiooIot a dawniif ar to conet, if I doitll lose mly breath bhofore we'rll outl of this, Oollt, Inow, give to yollu hatnld; it is thlno we worto tnoviig." Theo touch of hutmlnl litgers thlrilled over Inervo inl Almbrosou (lorhart's body with dolight. SIlHeatovenl Itleos yout, you tire hllluman I" hle cried, olapl)ing and holdinlg the hand that lond sought his in thte darihknss, "and you hottna comet to n?t Ito free." "Pronisely, sir. Antd you Inomy thank yollr strAs that I happened to seO you, for no orther Iman alive, lI tak} it, lknows the secret of thet I undergrounltl d lentrance. (,ntot, t, lO hero we are I Softly, softly, stop Iy sltep. W\ are going dttwtt, yoell sio. W shaill get i I footling pro lttly. If we only lhad it light" Amtbrnos peormitted himself to bo led out to a sort of aperturtl in the floor, front whiulth few stepstl loll downward to otttOe subteorranetn cttl ambe r l i oit dalrker andl closerP t Itlhlle 1110 they had loft. " hero wti aio,''" said his colmpanion, as thItir feot Inouchol the grounttd. "Nowt all you have to do is oI follow tile. The 1inttel is letrighlt and tafo, bullt it is vsry teditus. Yottu'll fancy yourself iarittg the neighborhood oif LondonIt before yoll elll'rgo into the daylight. O Itto out of this sIcrapeI I'd advisu youtt to keeIl out, for youl IhteV hotd It a tinrow uscapll. If Ith question is failr, young manit, what did bring you down here ?" " The quLestion is fair enoulIgh. I catoin ldown it sourcah of tih MItystery of thei Illock Hollow Orange, nttd found it, too." lKing Lear whueeled round amld faced him in thte lnarrowt way. " WhataI do you iluan?" lie dolemanded ; " Whalt Ihave you diiscov"reld ?" " Ltta oil," tasw'ortld Ambtlrose, fool ing for the yeillow roll in his breast. "As soon as we otrtoiko dinylight you shall knlow. Yellou forgolt that I have been without food or drilk for-lleuven only kntowns how long. In a ftew' nlin tios ilmore Iny strength will give ouit," Intt silottct Lit .tw 'o purstued ltheir way through the black, utdelorgrottnd titltol. A violoent thunder stor anttd thle stiti ImUI' dlly Closing in. Sir 11111rry' T U?eshnlt, gaiting it: hi sailhll oft the lotto heath, had his liest siglht iof the Blitlk hlllow Ii ralge. Slluc his boylhootd lie laid heard of it .iild of its imysotery, attl Iow for thet li met itlo his eyes lbhilold it. " Anld that's the IIetlllled MAnor 1 WhIat i ghantly iold placet I And to thilnk that Alios 'Iroslwuthon venttured to elomi pure alone. No wonder 81he wav fright. 'tened. Of coutrs thereO's nothing undtr thte black turrets wortlnlo than hats and rats, bult it is raotler it forlorn olld nest to look at. Oone wouldn't lquitl fancly slelep illtg thller such it night ins this, witIh this eofountded storm abolut his unrs. I'll tdef'',r ty investigations till to-morrow, al d seek . hilter inl somet adjoacent iinn. To- rorrow I'll make it fresh start, "ond if thcre's it ghost of the preanist I'll letke his teqtuaitnttlee. Mliss Trvottlhon'a tMind ha;lI bo set, at rest. Softly niow, Ilttt ler.' lht, Ilattler wouhl fiot be antlhld. 'Tht tlh?,der pual that shook theo illt, and itmtlediattly uicceedig it lurid bhluo (of hIghting, ade him tCower and th'ouible loneoath his rider. In the next breath, with distended nostri and Ilattuoned unears, Ia lhrotw lp his eold, anld datrled oif ait mall gallop." " latttler, sioftly nows," coaxed Sir Ilharry, vainly tugging at the bit. Thu horse flow Otl its if heI had gonlt auid. Across the grlunls, tIhroulgh theo black hollow, and haour downl thlu rocky dunostit. 'The wind took Sir Hlarry's Ihat slld whirled it away ; the lightling flaslhed ill his yess, tle thunder dlonfotel hli. Anit oil sont the tort iltl ltorso, delfying ruin or ?urb. 'Theoy made ithe danlltgerous deoscolt, tiad the riiler hlad kept his seit; but just boyond thu Imoor lthro roseo iI rocky ledge. Rattler ltullopd over it like it whirlwietd, and Sir' Henry wats whiledl over Itattler's hiond, striling the hard earth Ieyonld no violently that he lay there motiotnless. T'lhe htore flow on across the windy moollrs, utterly regard less of tihe fallen ritcr, Maud Mlelville, flying homeward fromt the (lerlhart cottage almost stumIbled over hiti, is Ihu lay lile a log aror ss the itloorlhttId path, She stood still, with a qlikl, slarltlod ory. " Il' diundl I" she gnsldIl drtpllting IIII her kneos Ibesido tlle iprslrtoe llgturitd " Ilu'sa surtoly dead, loor follow I" 'the lightnitig Ilislhed, ntil the ltttulder roared thrutouningly amid thell lunks sabove, alltd in a ottw. tIlinlteoI tht solottl wollld lb o ullplOn herl . linlt Mll [alld had llol lthltghlt of louvlig thi suill'eritg slratiger slonte. sa nhts wult havto raisled a htilrt latlltttl, alto raised theo handsome haundt aud huga n brollw. It was Is vi red w('ith hlold ahd dirt, thet ir, uloa luhr iItg h Ir was tl' hutglad nltd hlhttd, lutd fronm tlh blue) o shl esllut Illpn a lWloody fal lolllrd . tiolldel!l' lilro sI , ItIld a llty' fir thil Itti IoIutlwn Iittst Iliod hItor tlark eyis witlh tonrs. Ii'so' doltl," alt iIlted i nlgili. " Pior folliw I whttt sltlI 1 ih for hti ?' Th'le big draps lognll to fall ielavily, nitl thu wildls shlriokutl norls thlt grlty tti trlll lko is Irltripiii li islle,'s. Slit ciillUght tho rahin Ian it full, mild oliiathd hIl toiillltm, Sannottlihig hlank the fair hl ih aiitil tuillr:thu itouairIlo IdilioltIs, thu cuhri t o lfllo bganll to Iluow nglli, A slow color roseo in tlho marble Cnooks, and sllo felt his heart beating against her I as sloe hold him. lIar tears fell bIo the I rain, and even theno she xporienced a soelso of wonder at the sweet joy that thrilled hiar. "COan you spcak? Do you hear me? Do you suffer very much ?" Itoused by the gentle voice, Sir Harry Troshom opened his handsome blue eyes wide, and gazed about hint with a bowil dored stare. " What's the matter ? Where al I ?" ho demanded. " I think your horse must have thrown you. I found you lying hIro. Are you very muchl hurt "' The young man struggled up to his elbow, and droew his hand across his eyes. "Yes, I remoteibor that confoundod horse of mine ran down 11ie cliff yonder. No, I don't tllink P'm very much hurt. but the breath was knocked pretty well out of tme. Bly Jovol I My brain's in a whirl yet." Ito mndeo an effort to regain his foot, biut rooled and fell again, white and sick with latin. "Confound itl I boe you pardon, mandalm, but the troubloes in mly right iankle, I couldn't stand if 1 were to be . fr --AndIf o- h;d-cr h.vest-hawk to-til thundir. A terrible storm is imlpending. Do not lilger, inmnta , I beg. You are very kind, but thore's no eeood that both of its should be dronuohed ; run for your lifo to thile nearost shelter." "No, I shall not leave you," was her quiet answler. Sir larry turned and lokoed at her. lHer black braids were ill in a tumble, ind dripping like ia luermaid's, her cheeks rose-rold, and iher Iblack eyes shone like stars. In all his life, he nhad never, ihe thought, looked upon a handIsoneur face. Desp)ito his pain and his disngreeable condition his Ilhart gave a little thrill of admliration. lie was a passiotato adorer of womanly loveliness. Utterly unconlcious of his observation, Mlaud continued: " I shall ni t leave you, a strangetr, and sullbring is you are. I r wouldn't leavenr cripplld kid here ill all this storm. But we can't reach the Follsidl now, and therefotre wse titist seek a ntearer shelter. There's a little cave just round the ledge there, whlich is quite snug, aid wo'oe no tilm to loseo. 'lthse Highland storlms tire soon over, but they are severe while they Ilst. ComCe now, let me hielp yuu, pleaIse. YuIl mIait luau upon tio. I 11111 strolng, anll it won't hurt me." Sir lHarry lookoed at her again a s hlle passed her little youtig nartl about him, a smile that was half ladiiration hal nnsUOmUlnt lighting his ha1dsome eyeoS. 11o had known so many lovely, hih-hbrn liaties, and this girl, twitlh her dark ioiuty and hot womanlllly tenderness, was so llln like theut " lt oilt ie, pleasoe," sihe contiued, AOlsllng himt ctlose, and the tintlih of heu strong, soft arla thrilled smeli tlter in the ounig noble's being thtlt never touche'l Ililt bUtfore, "Thank you. hw gond yuu are. luow shall I over repay yeou for iall this ?" he murmuredtl a troeuor in his voiLe. " 011, nover minl, only leaf 'n t111e, and lot ts giot into the ctare." Aind lening on her, almost clingtnl; to r her in his acute painl and holu.ltilees, li. let hIlr conduct hit rnd il the harp l Ir nor of the leodge undill into the little cave oIf whlllch sile lhad spoken. A curious ilaco it was, walloel ntti roofod with altone, anlld on o1ne1 sidel thir was a rude seat alt ill the solid roIk. Mllunl got her patient Iunder the shelter of this ylvalln roof, Itllt seitled him UIi p the stonl seat. tIe looked very iwh? ito ud faint, and the sweat ohf gnty at,,,l1 ,lnt upolllln his forl, hind i great dIps. " How gnttd you aro I" the, t l" td, saltilig iup at i io1 smile that lit the pain' cln1 face with winning brightuss. "\What salul I ever do for you ?" liaud laughed in atluwor, id hir i h li was illOx l',rsilhly sweeti and girlish. " No nmatter Iw ; lot Us wait lill th, Moran is over, and I'll try to think of s,,, tSing," vIte said, llio isiu lttly. ' Iert it. coites IllnW i Wtou illt I got tit ilir colllver rllilt lll tIoo ouG ," And down the rain cane ill to-rills, the winds shorieking amid tIlie ills witlhI i fiull tltI was tatplU liig. Sijr Harry watched his coaullpali il as silo looked out into the wild calnu wilt steady, slhilninlg eyes. " You do not seett frightonedl,' he said. SMost ladies I ichave known sutlit gruat If ai in stilrmt, tld this tol Is O hitible" " Yes ; but I have boeen used to themi aill miy life. Inodee, I always einjy a tlhtulter-st.orI. Does your unkle ipai you auch ? Can I do anything for you ?" she adhded with a Ipilying ghuco,. SN?olhing more, thanlk you. My ankleI is rather painful, but I cain Iear it." "'hie t linute the stormt abates y3,u shall have htol 1. It is but ia stop from heore to Follside. ' " Thie Follside I Is that your hone ?" "Yes. 'ithI house is just beyond the lira there." "And ytnul frilnds will they not sutifer great IllluneIouIss Iil yollur accounIit I? " 1 have no frienllds. I ilnl alonei." The pathot iin her volce touchedo Sir lllrry's inmost hoart. "Alono, mnd so youngl" '" Ys. My father canid lothoer slcopI ill the little churchayard over thero,llll lnd y asitur-1 havu lost my' sister." " Lost her I site, too, deaond 1" "I do llnot know; I she lty e."I Tullrn. ilg lher dark eyes fuill upon 1hhi, she added : "Dii you coolll froml Lolldon, sir?" "From LolldoniI Yes; why do you ask 7" Shue luhd it little as shlloe repiled "Notliing,ouly l I'il iltays ftutyilftllat I shall cross Soio ollno who canl toll mo SolllltltiIug of mly sistlor. Po'aor little Isabel I It twas Ii Lollodns sIe was lost." Sir Ilarry lhalf forgots li Iteit inll ullrosity. " hy, hliow dld yoll losu Ilor ? I cnc uot Ulnderstnd." " t11e nlarried Sir lareford Mnrlovwe's ann. At lolle," she adUhLd, ahInlurhlg auid hlushing pallfutlly, "Ishe rau aWay fill loll h lu t with hIu, uid weUto nOvur hIuard iofll her slel." 'the yung man starteld up 50 auddeily that hlinaklo tlngled wlth Inotu Inll. " W\lat, Arthur Marlowaoet Did lheulanrry yolur slstor ' hie rieCd. " X'eis. I)O you know hhu IiI " I kuow hi weUll, sui rnltelllber the II1un10 m,'oII umntiol.IIunnhol--yeahlth'sit, by ,lovei I Poor Arthur ,aso otiullull) ravilug ilhottt his Ilritlu, Isabel, but his pieoplu snid llc was innallu," "l lls leooplle to fentlehlloods I hle ntrried ity asister, Do you know i ,whoro " I I'arils, I bollovo. lo Is to imarry rl-liy Ililhlaue Il-scol this aultlllsll" Mlntul'a dark eyes Ilnashed wsith llLgor, t Siotsuull i andl iny poor llttl Ialator goele tlld forgotti "., 811o lot lher head fall, stant, oovrilng lher I oo with her hands, burstinto toers. Sir Ilnlry sat and looked at her while tie I torm raged without, his blue eyeso lo quc,,t with pit'. " loor girl,' ho was thinking. "Slh knows so little of the groat, wicked world. I suppose her sister went to London, nod that mnolatorm of vion swalloweod hoP." A sudden sound behind him changod the current of his thoughts and brought Maud to her foot. And then the solid stone that walled the roar of the cave began to moro. Sir Hlarry's first thought was of an earthquake or some such imponding danger, and with instinctive, manly chivalry heo tottered to his feet, and throw his right arm about Maud's shoulders. She clung to him and trembled, biut her black eyes watched the moving stone, and sahe uttered no word or cry. " Iloavens hbove I" ojaculated Sir Harry, holding his compalnion still closer. "The day of doom has comle, and the dead ore coming forth fromu their graveal" The old'man omorged from the thick gloom beyond him, shading his eyes with one hand. " lere we are at last," he cried, "and in the midst of the thmudor- storm, Catclling sight of the amazed couple who stood regarding him with distoededn eyes, lhe stoppd short, and thou made a courtly, old-fnahioned bow. "I bog you pardon- " But Maud darted past him with a swift cry, and grasped Ambrose, as ihe issued liko a gaunt skeleton from the yawning tutnnol, " Ambrose I Ainbrosoe I' she .panted, " what does tiifs moan ?" " Wait a minute," lie faltered, " and you shall knowi. I'mt weak--" IIis voice failed, and before ho could reach the stone seat lie fell prostrate in Man:d, forgetful for the moment of Sir Harry and hlis injuries, flow to him and raised his head. "l'Poor Ambr,so I Why, he looks as if he had eeon dead atnd buried," she cried, smoothing back the lhair from his hag gard face. " What can have Ihappened to hi i, not " The has been buried, though not quito INI)I CAIN .1. -CIIIICCAN SIADOW IOVr." tdead,"' R'ing Leor eols answo t tr, Ichllio a occrut sprting as hI spoke, whirch sltt the great stonl back into its plnoo, "down in the dnlllgoon boneath the old manor. It won a lucky thing I nosaw him go down, for I take it, sir," bowing to Sir Ilarry, "I'in the olly moon aliv who konws the soarot of this?uldurground passago." " Underground pasnogo is 1 t? And who the douco are you I" 'Thu old man laughed nod stroked his frosty board. " Yo st nro t ino as if I wore a ghost." "A ghostatfirstsight Icurtainly thought you, I should talo you for 'T'ruvotllhn now. Youn Io01 like the old ITruovthon portraits at Lyndith Hllln. By Jove, you Imust Ie the long missing Sir Arthur." lut the old mann shook his slivered head. "Nay, I am not Sir Arthur, I am only King hoaur." t King Lonar " SYos; tlhey onll mei King Lear at Mloroton lhlotlu'. A good enough inaltou, isn't it? And yout, sir, wlht may your tunmo o ?' <'1Tro alant. I " \it I A slrling; old name. And you visit Iytdtith alll 1 SQuitooften." " llow dn, tlt ould placo look ? Gcoing to ruits, iaa't it 1" " Ilins, itdeod ? Sir (looflfry had it relpired a year or o nago, and it looks liko "Sir Cuoltroy? Wlht manner of man In ho l" " A very'ploasnatt getaltleman." The old man laughed till the onvu rang with shrill eohoos. "Sir Cluoltrey I Well, this Is a tletor world, I'll got bank to Mooreton Hlounso and alny throt I believe. Why shllould I creto? Only for the boy's sake, Do you happonl to know, sir, If Sir Clollroy has a "fIo's n mndmtnl,"thoughtl Sir Arthur, '' tho sanmo person without doubt, that Misa Trovothoen snaw at the IlIuntod Monor. Yet, how like the Trevethon' he looks." "Yes, Sir Geoffrey has a son,' he an swerod, aloud. "A sonl" There was unutterable sor row in his voice,. "Do you know his nlamno ?" " Yes ; it is Richmond." A cry of pain broke from thie old man's lips, and thIo his shrill laughter rang out again. "Sir Geoffrey Trovothon lha. a son, you any, and he is called Richmond," ho ropeated. "NWell, well, it must be true what they any of lo. I ami a madmllan. 1'll got bauk to Moroton .ouse, and die there. I've lost my placo inl the world." lIe turned swiftly, and passing out at the door of the cave, disappeared in the wild, whirling storm. (To no cobNTINue.) They met in front of the art gallery. Jinks: "Ilello, Jones, just In time, I'm going Inside for a few moments to look at thee pctures, and as you saol the other day that you lnad never been in, this Is a good clanoes." "Jones: " Really, old boy, I should like to go in but business before plensure Is my ilnsitiFihrTilit?f-lnot w ,ypare t't time," At that moment a boy anneounced that a dlog fight was on in tlhe alloy lbehind the gallery, and tho above mentioned gentle. Smen repair to the sent of war, where Jones remanes an interested spectator for three quarters of an hour, 