A D)ISSIPATED GHOST. - AN AMERICA.' STORY. I was a book-keeper in Chicago at the t time of the great fire, and, like many others, Was left by it homeless, pmeriless, and I friendless, my.eamployers being too crippled e by the calamity to continue busiaess. Unlike many others, though, within a t week I had the good fortune to acciden- I tally meet a civil engineer whom I had known slightly when I was a lad, and on a making myself known to him he offered me 1 work as an assistant on the prelimihary c .szvey of a projected railroad which ha was then on his way to make. It goes without saying that I accepted gladly, the more so because I was young and tigorous, detested office slavery, and coveted , open air work, The party to which I was attached was exceptional, in that the. entire staff were educated gentlemen and good fellows, good natured and jolly, with an unlimited capa city for making amusement, while. the. laborers, the ' hewers of wood and, drawers i of water, seemed to follow their lead, and - cheerfulLy took their hardships like plea sures; In- fact I believe, that the hilarity and urbanity of the staff had attracted the. very choicest of the laborers to. seek em ployment with the party. \- At any rate,, except when. at: work, there w was small distinction of rank, and many an. evening did we make. the. quieb night ring with the united shouts. of the party as we laughed over some comical story and handied jokes with.one another; and often and often. did; the flames of out camp thfe leap in uni son with a tuneful chorus, whose. notes 1 floated: of into. the wilderness around' us and wafted~ strains of the joys of civilisation to. the. untutored savage in the far distance. The cWhef of our party, was an. engineer anwmed Jones (of course,, that wasn't hisa name,, but it will serve), a short, fat,.cheery littls. man, with an imperturbable.acceptanQe acceptance of circumstances, however adverse. which often, struck me as. an. attribute. of a fatalist.. Every one called him major, though, nobody,- could, tell why;. There was nothing in his bearing to inspire the application of a military, ti'tle-rather the. contrary--buli still we.all. called him: major.. I never saw another.man so full of straightforward energy,. so.tboughful of the welfare of his subordinates, so.fnithful, to his duty,, and, withal, so, merry and:apparently light-hearted. He. seemed to like the wild, life. of: a preliminary survey,. and once told us, as we. lay. about our fire at night talking of, home and: our ultimate returnthere, that he would;like to dip without ever seeing the settlements. again, This.remark set us all to talking in a. re.. miniscent strain,, and. frogm mothers, sisters and. swiethearts we passed. on, to the rosy. joys of the opera,. the ballet, and: the circus.;. of Nilsson. as Lucia, Lucca. as.Zerlina, Ainmee. in, '-La, Jolie Parfomeuse,' Dan. Bryant ands Charlip. Backus,. Sothern, Jefferson,. and: Booth., One. fellow exulted. over. suppers. with:dashing, blondes of: the variety stage.;: another lamented the passage of his successes. as: leader of society. ;another gloated: over. altlnight sprees, and, discoursed. of" aesi ?th. as amorning healer. Many were the recol ections c.? .Ary..le Roomrus in. ew.e York., o nocturnal anlventures in. the streets, behind ro ent Gardens.in London, of: wild. nights: in, Paris,, Vienna,, Venice,, or San. Francisco.;: and the dancing-girl of, Honolulu, Yokohama, and. Delhi were descanted upon. till: a- general indication of envious discontent warned" us to.change.our topic.. Then we talked.'-gcur-. spandise,'. and, compared. whisky and. bacon, with1 omelet soufld frogs t la, poulette, and champagne frappi.. We were all! wise. on: the nserits.of the various beers, and some of" as could talk of Chambertin, C!os.. Yougeot, Chateau.Yquem, and Johannisberger, which, we ignorat.tly, flattered: ourselves we knew. something about. Finally, Jack Saxton. got up-and.lazily stretched, himself, remarking.:: '-Well gentleman, you may all; talk about delicio.isdrinks but. [tell, you that in, the old.deys.the firiest drink I ever: tasted was abigpull: out of my, soft-water pitcher about five o'clock in. the morning.. ' Most of. us knew uomething about, that, too,. and: the. boys saitnothing, but drifted quietly off, to. theiu' bisCkets, leaving Jones and, me to, inisk?Qn pipes. by Ihe dying fire. We. s..ked: in silencen. fpr 'a. fe.; rqinutes, and then.the chief turned: and looked, in.tently at me, with a far-away look in.lis eyes.that I had never, seen, there. before.. -ies?e.tl he said:: '?Ily, boys, you: were. all: of you: wise to take. the good, things of lifp when. they were. withie, you, reach,, for.. the. ti!ne. will come,. aliveor, fater, when the ashes.of remembrance will, h$ all you can hope for out of-thu glory of exjsteanc& I enjoyed those things once enjoyed.them so that I didn:t like totalk, or even, think, about them,. Thank your. stars, old. fella, tbhat you. are still here to. embrace the fragrant delight of, them.'. H.e. leaned back on. his elbow andt looked' off into the. sky, diligently sl:ooting. great mouthfuls of smoke at a cloud.which swupng along the.horizon. .At length he said: half to. himself and: almostodefiatlv_: ',r think L w.il!l .ZgeU . 1 know you will. respect my confidence,: apd. it will:serve to bring, me to,mind, sometimes when, you are a ''.idold; citizen. lad. am. a, totting, skeleton. I saidnothing,, butafitthed'my pipe, threw a chunk:of-wood on the. fire, and: stretched myself- out again where. I co4ld: see. his pleasanb face, by the. flickering firelight. After.. a fgew more smoke-puffs, he.. com penced :: 5.Soon after the war, began I: left college with my civil engineer's degree in my pocket amiaIi immnediately. enlisted! in-call ib the OnH.undred and Fourth. Rhode lsland. LI wenit out as first lieutenant, was soon made captalin, and: was nith.my company at the battle of Antietam, '-Duingi the day I was hit in. the face by a fragment of a. shell, which knocked me downn and stunned me for a few moments, but I soon came to myself, found that I was not seriously hurt, and hurried on after the c;ompazy,. which, had gone on ahead ' When, I caught up with: them, the. men cld me that the same shell which. had. upet me had killed: a private named- John. P. W.eed;, completely disembowelling him. IL had paosed' the poor fellow's fragments, but, idn'l look: te.see. who, it was. You; know th~a in the.rolu.nte serrvice, the. separation: hwithmee ar.db private was t Imarked, and I had come to know Wee& ti pretty well, bat in the heat of battle there h waai't tine to.be sorry for his death. I took that out lmag afterwards, tl ' He was a queer, spiritualistie sort of I fellow,. with no direct belief in anything, and a entirely withoot respect for the moral lawsa of the nineteenth sentury, We oftes talked b together, aad he had told me that be had ao ti kin in the workd, and he used to, wonder, if a he should be killed what would- become of 1c about fifteen handred dollars which lay to i his credit in the Grecersand eChemists' Bank u of New York., le bad been a /?. ?ain, in ' all" ways, and it seemed to grieve hiim that t he had not had time to creditabl? spend it iA a luxurious dissipation before he enlisted. c \- Well, I served through the was and came. h out a major, and, by the way,.the title is the b only reagnant of my old life that clings to' nap now, and s ean't get rid of that. a " After the war I didnt think o$ going at i! my profession, for I was too. rusty in it, and I obtained, a clerkship in. the Grocers' and t Chemists' Bank, through, the influence of'y friends. With. the vagabond instincts of as soldier still in. me, I devoted my nights t pretty generally to the illicit pleasures with. t which the city abounded, but I stuck by my t work during the day, and was eventually v made paying teller.. Of course- I couldn't i raise the deuce at nights without spewding a. c lot of money, so my salaxy was always.over drown, and I was.in.debt bsides .. '-One day . got te?.inkipg o Weeand I went'to the books and found, sure enough, f the fifteen hundred anxd odd dollars still to t his credit After that I used: to brood over it a good deal, and think what a pity it was. that so. much mopy should lie there in. the bank- forever, never to.do anyone any good,. f Sand. whaet a, godsend, iit ould be for me- if I c hadit 1 SOn.e night I got into a game of poker,. ana, lost to. one of my fellow clerks. a good deal more money than I could pay, I gave i him. my I:O.V for, the amount,. and he 4 promised. me my revenge- wheneves I chose. . ' Tbe. next day, just * the. bank- was about to close,. a. man walked up,to the coun ter and put out his hand, saying: '-Hello i Captain.. J.st identify sme,. will, yoU,. so. IL can draw my money.' '`Great God !. It was John P: Weed.:himn self! I stared at him. in amazement, and said. feebly : ' But loot. here,, yo kpno? you're dead.' -?I may be dead, but 'm, alive enough to. want you.to.dine.w.ith.me tp-night,' and: be. drew a,cheq?e. for fifteen: hundred dollars,, and I, dazed with the shock,R aid.it, knpwing his signatare well enough.. ' 'Now, put on your.hat and;come out and: L take a drink with me,' he. said; and, my, duties being over for, the day,. I went. ' We had a drink or, two,.anld, thn, went. out on, the Bloormingdale. road; for, a, drive,. after which, we dined, ate Delmo.nigo's. I : tried, hard to.get him. to,exRlaiwn.is. astonish. ing. reappearance,.but: he. puP mea. of? with.t: ' Ne.er. mind.th, now ;.teliyoa. to-morrow.' SAfter dinner, both of us. ratl#.. ex.ited, by drinking,. Weed:isaid :' 'ow,. want` to do the town to -igth, and: yoyv.e gotto. ecQ.me with me." ' protested: weakly. s ain, that I hadno money,. ', W.hat of:that l' I haye.plenty,, andi it's. . my. treat. But here,, if: you're. squeamish, take. this and we'll, go and,' copper, the. age. and see if we can't win. enough. fort. you. I'll stand: the losses,' and, he handed me. fifty dollars,. 1 '-That suited:me. to,death ; so we. went to I Mike Murray's, and in,half: an hour I bad Swon.several hndred dollars, with,: which. w f pulled.ou. '.Aswe turned:intoBroadw.ay, I saw. my poker creditor on the other side of the street, aid I excused myself, for a.minute, and, ra,, Sovern to him. :- '-' I sac:,.Stone, L ,an. to: take. up, my t L.O .'. e '' AllI ightr ;; hbuk o 4 thought y.o., war. a. broke.' t '-I was jPsttips?enoumgh, to, be. cunnieg, as so replied,. 'Never you. mind that,;: I- can e. always find a way tp. pay- my debts, of, ,. honor.' .. '-I thpengae him.the money and: rejoined; i Weed4 @ '.That was the. miklesrt ever put it. We, 7 had, a? box.at the theatre for, a: little. while. Said then.got, a carriage. and; 'took. in: the towin,' spending our money. like.crazy, men,. I left him.at six.o'clock ini the. morning, at Sat the. Hoffmn.hpuse.where hg4Pid he wa. ,. stonping. . '-I, wasa.late.ab the bank. that morning~s.andi Swhen;got.there.was, told that the. cashier. * anted.me.. I.of course,.expeted, a, repri. Smand ior beirg late,.apd' bad: ,ouqocted a. yarn about asick friend;: but when I! went i,. in.I saw. that hbe bal W~qde.ds cl?ck ip. his i hands. 'Mr Jones,. diduyciay p.hieSheek'; '.'-Yes,.sir." S'"' Was,the party. identifiedto.o o by any. '.'- No,sir; I; knew. him.. He. waiu, m~y 1 colany. during the war,' ._ '-'i± ;" to, Mr W,eed. himself.han. e hani you .pa .t . mr.ney . S''-Yes,. sir.' ' '-H-me. This is very strange.. HIve. you.er.er, seen him since you.left the army t '-' INlt- until, yesterday.' I '-'-Did:you.noet know. that-he. was~sppged s. haehbea.killedin t~e army V -' Yes. sir--that is,. I. thought he. wa Skilled at; Antietam.. ' ':Were you not there at the.time 1 ' 'Yest. sir; I; was. stnuck by. the. sa~u. shot." " That will:do, Mr kJnes . hi. requines looking into, IOn; will. consider yourself: Ssuspended: for. the. present and, 1' wouldi advise you. not, to, attempt to, leave t.he city." " e 'I was horribly. indignant at his. implied suspicion, and went out in. speechless rage, Sharrying to, the. Hoffman. House to .findi e Weedand.take him to the bank and trium phantly clear myself of any. accusation. of Sdishonesty.. i '.My boy, they told:me there was no, such. ' man there. Almost paralysed by the scrape I .1 found myself in, I spent, the. next, three. t, days in.scouringt.he city for him, but he had . disappeared;and left no trace. The hackman, a: Sd.other people who, had seen. us on. that " u~sed; nibht coqRu:&not.; ? rere "?er hi. dia? tinetly enough to think they would know, him again. On. the fBrth day I was summoned to. the bank, and found, the. directors all as-. sembled in the bank parlor. I was given a se~t and the president addressed me: ' 'Mr Jones,. a very grave charge, has. been made-againet you, and, after due inves tigatioc, we find the evidence strongly in uapport of it. On Monday last you claim to. have paid this check to its signer,. John P. Weeck We learn from the War Depart-. ment, and from some of his many comrades,. that Weed was killed at the battle of An tietam, He has never been seen alive. since, and his back. pay has never been claimed from. the Government You were. his oommanding offcer, were familiar with his signature, and. knew that he left no. heirs. We have had youar habits of life investigated, and we. fled you have.been addicted to.gambl ing and other evil associations, that you. are i. debt, and have been. living beyond. your means.. We find that on Monday evening you, had paid Mr Stone quite a sum. of money which. you owed hin, although on. that day you hald. told him you were unable to.psy the debt. You. were not seen. to. pay this check, although. .al the other checks. were in the bank as usual until after you. left on. Monday. Mr Jones, there is only one conclusion. that we can. draw;. unless you, canbring. M Weed himself before us, we shall believe that, yielding to what we hope was a motmntagy teniptatipn, you. forged this.check toprovide the means.for, the indulgenpe oft v.iious.pgpensities. Have you arqything to.say Y' ' What could I say I 11 ould not produce Weed ;and the tempation to get some one to.personate hire was quickly put asile,. for discover~ y w.ald haxe been certain, I told them.r The president said that out of con-. sideration for my friends they would not prosecute me," gage me some friendly advice about my future life,,and I went out of the.hbank cdisgraced man. My bondsmen paid. the money, and I came West and went engineering. heard afterwards, that Stone was. als., discharged for playing poker,' foor. old Ohief !- He was killed soon. afterward by, a border ruffian, in, North. Blat.te Way.it the Ghost of Weed; I won der, or--- I don't. like to. speculate upon it. I liked Jones, and never, knewr hlin,tstel. a. n. Utruth, '-Geniemen,' shouted.a boy, as he pokedi hi head intr.a tram- car, '.dil you post. that letter your wife gave. you this morning 1' And' six men siinultaneously hailed the' conductor and hurriedly left the car. Aceunterfeit gum is on the market. That is.nothing. when false teeth. are considered They are having shaving contests in. Eng.~ lanid. The winner, of course,: carries, off the. cup, 