New Presbyterian. Creed. The Christian TForld prints the 11 Articles of the Faith as Held by the Presbyterian Cburch of England," which a committee appointed by the synod hare drawn up as the result of three years1 labour. The Drafting Committee con sisted of Rev. Dr. Oswald Dylies (convener). Rev. Drs. Chalmers, Donald Fraser, and Ed mond,* Revs. Robert Taylor, aud W. Dale, with one elder, Mr. Robert Whyfce. The Drafting Committee submitted the articles seriatim to the .General Committee and these will be laid before the synod ac its forthcoming meeting in Newcastle. The next step, no doubt, will be for tho synod to send the docu ment to the presbyteries with a view to thorough examination, and the final approval will, be asked for at the synod of 18S9. It will be ob served that the articles are " Articles of Faith," and form a creed rather tfcau a confession or manifesto.. The articles when adopted by. the English Presbyterians, will servo as the work ing creed ot the church, and practically, take the place of the Westraiuster Confession of Faith. The framers of tho new creed appf ud a list of illustrative passages—which we omit— in support of the various clauses, drawn from tho Apostles' Creed, Niceue Creecl, tho "West minster Confession and Catechisms, the Thirty nine Articles, the Scottish, French, Helvetic, Belgic, and other confessions of tho Reforma tion period. The document runs:— OF GOD. 1\. Wo heliovo in, and adore, ono living and true God, Who is spirit and tho Father of spirits, present in every place, personal, infinite, and eternal, the almighty Autnor and sovereign Lord of all; most blessed, most holy, and most free; perfect in wisdom, justice, truth, and love; to us most merciful aud gracious: unto Whom only we must cleave, Whom only wo must worship and obey. To Him he glory for ovor. Amen. OF THK TBINITY. 2\. Wo acknowledge, with the ancient church, tho mystery of the Holy Trinity as revealed in scripture, aud believe that in the unity of tho over blessed Godhead there are three Persons, tho Father, the Son, aud tho Holy Spirit, of one substauco, equal in power aud glory. OF CKEXTIOX. 3\. Wo heliovo that Almighty God, for His own holy aud loving onds, was pleased in tho beginning to creato tho hoavens ami the earth, through the Son, tho Eternal Word ; and, through progressive stages, to fashion and order this world, giving life to every creature; and to nittko man after His own imago, that ho might glcrify and enjoy God, occupying and subduing tho earth, and having dominion over the creatures, to the praiso of his Maker's name 07 PBOVffiBXCZ. r 4* We believe tliat God the Creator uphold® all things fey the word of His power, preserving 5 and providing for all His creatures, according to tho laws of their being; and that He tbrougn the presence and. energy of His Spirit, in nature ' and history, disposes and governs all events for His own high design; yet is He not in any wise the author or approver of sin, neither are tho freedom and responsibility of man taken away, nor have any bounds been set to tho sovereign liberty of TTim Who worketh when and where and how He pleaseth. OP THE FALL. 6\. We believe and confess that onr first father Adam, the representative head as well as common ancestor of mankind, trangressed tho commandment of God through temptation of tho devil, by which transgression lie fell, and all mankind in him, from his original state of in nocence and communion with God; and so all men have come under just condemnation, are subject to the penalty of death, and inherit a sinful nature, degenerate in every part, estranged from God, and prone to evil: out of which condition we acknowledge that no man is able by any means'to deliver himself. OF SAVIN** GRACE. ;; 6. We believo and proclaim that God, Who is rich in mercy as well as of perfect justice, was moved by His great love to man to hold forth from the first a promise of redemption', which from age to age He confirmed and un folded, and that, in the fulness of the time, • accomplished His gracious purpose by sending His Son to be the Saviour of the world: where fore our salvation out of sin and misery is ever to be ascribed to free and sovereign grace. OF'THE LORD JE3CS CHRIST. 7\. Wo believe in and confess with the whole church the JLord Jesus Christ, Who, being tho eternal Son of God, became man by taking to Himself a true body and soul, yet without sin, being conceived by the power of the Holy Ghost, and born of the Virgin Alary; so that He is both God and Alan, two whole, perfect, and distinct natures, the divine and the human, being inseparably joined together in one per son, that He might be the Mediator between God and man, by Whom alone we must bo saved. OF THE WORE OF CHRIST. 8\. We believe that the Mediator, the Lord Jesus Christ, Being anointed with the Holy Spirit to proclaim and set up the Kingdom of God among men, did in His perfect life on earth, by words and deeds of grace, declare the Father, Whose in^ge He is; and did fully satisfy His divine justice," and obtain for His peoplo forgiveness of. sins, reconciliation to God,:and the gift of eternal life, through His ' obedience on our behalf to the law and will of His Father, even onto the death of the cross, whereiu He offered Himself up without spot to God, a sacrifice without sin. OF THE EXALTATION* OF CHRIST. . 9. We believe that Jesus Christ, being for our .offences crucified, dead, and buried, sawno corruption, but waa raised again the third day - . for our justification, in Whose risen life/we live anew, and have; the pledge of a blessed . resurrection; thdt in the :same body in.which , , He rose He . ascended into heaven, where, as .our High Priest, He znaketh continualinten»s 6ioh for us; and that He sitteth at the right hand of God, Head of the Church clothed with . authority and power as Lord over all. - f ' • . OF. THE GOSPEL. \- 10. .We hold fast and proclaim that God, . Who willeth that all men should be saved and come to the knowledge of the truth, has, by His Sou our Saviour, given commission to. the Church to preach the Gospel of His grace'unto ... all nations, freely offering to all men, forgive ness,and eternal life, and calling on ibem to turn from 6in to God,.and to receive and.rest by faith upon'the Lord Jesus Christ . OF THE HOLY SPIBIT.. 11\. We believe in the Holy Spirit, the Lord and Giver of life, Who worketh freely as He will, without Whose gracious influence there is no salvation, and Who is never withheld fiom any who truly ask for Him; and we give thanks that He has in every age moved in the hearts of men, that He spake by the prophetB, and that through our exalted Saviour He was sent forth in power to convict the world of sin, ' to persuade and enable meu to obey the call of the Gospel, and to abide with the Church, dwelling in every believer rs the Spirit of truth, of holiness, and of comfort. OF ELEOIION* AN*D REGENERATION*. 12\. Wo humbly own and believe that God ' the Father, before the foundation of the world; was pleased of His >overeign grace to choose a people unto Himself in Christ, whom Ho gavo to the Son that He might bring them unto glory; and to those who were thus chosen we believe that the Holy Spirit imparts spiritual life by u secret and wonderful operation of His power, using as His oriinary means, where years of understanding have b^en reached, the truths of His Word in ways agreeable to tho nature of cum; so that, being born from above, they are the children of God and His new creation in Christ Jesus. OF REPENTANCE AND FAITH. 13\. Wo believo thar everyone, who through tho quickening grace of the Holy Spirit repeats and believes the Gospel, confessing and for sakiug his sins, and humbly relying upon Christ alone for salvation, is freely pardoned and ac-: ceptcd us righteous in the sight of God, solely on the ground of Christ's perfect obedience and atoning sacrifice. OF CHRISTIAN OBEDIENCE. 14\. Wo believe aud acknowledge that the Lord Jesus Christ has by precept and example enlarged our knowledge of the Hivino will and illustrated the spirit of filial love in which God is to be obeyed, while He lias laid us by His grace under new obligation to keep the perfect law; aud we rejoice that the obedience of His people, .though in this life always imperfect, is yet accepted for Christ's sake and pleasing to God, being the fruit of uniou to Christ aud the evidence of a living faith. OF UNION TO CUEIST. 15\. We believe that thve who are vitally united to Christ by fitith becomo partakers ia all the benefits of His redemption, are adopted into the family of Ged, and have the Spirit of •His Son abiding in them, the earnest of their future Inheritance; and ire bless God that in. measure as they surrender themselves to His Spirit, and follow the guidance of His Word, they receive strength for daily service, and grow in holiness after the imige of their Lord; or if . through unwatchfulnesa and neglect of duty, any of them fall into grievous sin, yet by the mercy of God, Who abiaeth faithful, they are not cast off, but are chastened for their backsliding, and through repentance restored to His favour, so that they perish sot op ass onuses. IS. We believe in one holy catholic Church, the innumerable oomp&ny; of saints of every age and nation, who, being united by the Holy Spirit to Christ their Head, are one in Him and have communion with their Lord and with one another; further, we receive it at the will of Christ that. His Church on earth should exist as a' visible and sacred brotherhood, or ganised for the confession of His name, the public worship of God, the upbuilding of the saints, and the proclamation of the Gospel, and we acknowledge as jx p-u-t, more or less pure, of this^universal brotherhood, every par ticular church throughout the world which professes faith in Jesus Christ and obedience to Him as Divine Lord and Saviour. OF CHURCH ORDER AND FELLOWSHIP. 17\. We believe that the Lord Jesus Christ, the sole Head of His Church, has appointed its worship, teaching, discipline, and govern ment to be administered according to His Word in Holy Scripture by officers who, being chosen for their fitness, are to be duly set apart to their office; and although the visible Church even in its purest branches, may contain un worthy members, and is liable to err, yet be lievers ought nut lightly to separate themselves from its communion, but are to live in fellow ship with their brethren ; which fellowship is to be extended, as God gives opportunity, to all who in every place call upon the name of the Lord Jeuis. OP HOLT SCRIPTURE. 18\. We believe that it has pleaded God, in addition to the manifestation ox His glory in creation and providence, and especially in the spirit of man, to reveal His mind and will to man at successive periods and in various ways; and that this revelation has been, so fur as needful, committed to writing by men inspired of the Holy Spirit, aud is contained in the Scriptures of the Old and Kcw Testaments, which are, therefore, to bo devoutly studied by all;, and wo reverently acknowledge the Holy Spirit speaking in the Scriptures as the Supreme Judge in questions of faith and duty. of the gi.cn wrr.vra. 19\. We acknowledge Baptism and the Lord's Supper, the two Sacrament* instituted by Christ, to be of perpetual obligation, assigns and.seals of the new covenant of our peace, ratified in Hi* precious blood; through the observance of which His Church is to confess her Lord and to be visibly distinguished from the rest of the world. Baptism with water in . the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost being the Sacrament of admis sion into the visible Church, in which are set forth our union to Christ and regeneration by the Spirit, the remission ef our sine, and our engagement to be the Lord's; and the Lord's Supper, the sacrament of ooxamunion with Christ and with His people, in .which bread and wine are given and received in thankful re membrance of His sacrifice.on the cross, and in which they who in faith receive the same do, after a spiritual manner, partake of the body and blood of the Lord Jesus Christ, to their comfort, nourishment, and growth in grace. OF THH 6EC0ND ADVENT. 20\. We assuredly believe that on a day known only to God, the Lord Jesus Christ will sud dexuy come again from heaven with power and great glory; and we look for this second ap pearing of cur Saviour as the blessed hope of Hi* Church, for which we ougbt always to wait in sober watchfulness and diligence, that we may bo found ready at His coming. OF THE RESURRECTION. 21.. Wo believe tLat the souls of the righteous enter at death upon a state of rest and felicity at home with the Lord; and we look for the resurrection of the dead, both ox the just and of the unjust, through the power of the Sou of God, when the bodies of all who are fallen asleep in Christ, an well a* of the taithful who are then alive, shall be fushioued anew and con formed to the body of Hi* glory. OF THE LAST JUJORHEXr. 2*2. We believe that God will judge the worldiu righteousness by Jesus Christ, before whom all men must appear, who shall sepa rate the righteous from the wicked, mikeiuam feet the secrets of the he*rt, aud render to erery man according to the deeds which he liatli done in the body, whether good or evil, when the wicked shall go away into eternal punish ment, but the righteous into eternal life. OF THE LIFE EVEBHK?JNG. 23\. , Finally, believe iu and denim the life everlasting u*htii the redeemed rhull receive their inheritance of glory iu the kingdom of their Father, and be made fully bleseed in tho presence and service of God, whom they shall see and enjoy for ever aud ever. Amen. 