Tlio Munifcsto Fizzle. GRIFFITH & CO? IN THE PAST : ; AND PEESENT, Fon tho first timo.in his political enrcor . Sir Samuel Gi'iflith 'lias tried his hand at a 'constructive programme. It is tho immemorial custom sit a general election' .crisis for tho 'Promipr. to 'speak' lirst. Keenly- aware bi: , his political impotence-.' in. initiative, Sir vSamu'el has tlcliber atoiy kept suonco; up to tlio last moment in the hope of compelling Sir Thomas M'llwraith to speak first. It is in criticism, in ? donbt ? and; negatiqn, that all the ability o| '; -;tlve lawyer .''politician lies, and he knoivs it. Notliing Tmt the pressure of Biokson and Jjulcock on the ono hand, and of his jauntier henchmen of the -tribe of ,- tlio' only llodgkinson nnd the irrepressible Jordan on' the other, have driven tho' Governmental oiaelc to at last deliver its message. Griffith's self-doubt is appallingly jus-1 rincd. No such milk-and-water mixture has ever faeeu placed before tho con stituencies. It is absurd to call it a programme. A programme has pro posals. This- has only tho ghosts of alleged intentions. Nor can we' talk of a -.policy, where all is as vaguo and' nnveri Gable as tho baseless fabric of a dream.. To such a pitch has political cowardice and tho letch for. popnlar compromiseled the hapless Lawyer, who is the best counsel for a plaintiff the colony possesses ! ' With tho opening flourish of trumpets' over the successes- of the Government during the last four years, we need not have much ' to say in detail. When a Cabinet Minister, the right hand oE his chief, publicly admits in the House, as Dickson did, that tho Land Act of 18S5is a complete -failure, opponents can afford to bo silent. The Local Government schemes, of which Griffith makes his boast, arc afc a like pass. The North was represented by ? ten members, oE whom one — Eutledgc — was Attorney-General, and at; such all but compelled to vote. with the measure of his collcagcs. ]3nt all the other nine contemptuously rejected, and reject, these 'schemes as a snare and a delusion, and' the desire of tho North for .separation has only intensified. If this is a legisla tive ' success,' what on earth does Sir, Saiuuol Walker Griffith, K.C.M.G., understand by a legislative failure ? The beggarly list of brags is concluded with ' the Licensing Laws, the Public Health, the Patent and GopyrightLaws, the Defence of the Colony and tho Pro tection of Workmen.' Wlr.it the Licensing Laws have led to, with their' ridiculous compromise of neither one nor the other, recent bogus prosecu tions in Toowoomba have taught us only too well. This is only one more monument to that political cowardice which has never known such an expert as the great Liberal Jacob. Ho -would fain satisfy ali and keep his power by the tolerance of all. He has satisfied none, and the publican who would be treated justly, whether ono way or tho other, joins hands with the local optionist, who sees that the present ' checks ' on intemperance and illicit liquor selling aro a more farce. What the Government has done for the public health, tho Government alone knows. The recent epidemic of typhoid in Brisbane, and the universal break-down o£ the metropolitan sower system are a queer comment on a paternal regard for public hygenc. The Australian authors of the future will be grateful for British copyright, when anything written in Australia is thought worth pirating in England, but the GrilHthian Patent and Copyright laws, introduced owing to an absurd telegram from the Colonial Office, jn.jgnnnimoiisly offering protection to 'Australian authors' (who do not exist), and vamped through a thin and utterly indifferent Houso as a general measure— to quote this as a Government legislative success is a melancholy sign of how dreadfully hard up such a Government must be. In Hie matter of the defence of the colony, the disgraceful exposure of monetary mis management (to put it mildly) of tho commander of the ' Gayundah' has utterly discredited the naval branch of it. A similar exposure would do the same for the military. Our permanent Defence Force is a tenth-rate imita tion of a second-rate article, and we know it. The British army system and discipline are the jest of Europe, and all the energy to be found in. the London War Office is being expended in tinkering this system and discipline, ns much as may be, after the German model. Griffith has all along been bounced and bluffed by ox-lmpnrial service failures, like Captain Wright, and Colonel French, and the author of tlio humiliating Naval Defence Bill (which is not quoted as a Government 'suc- cess ') is the author too, though more indirectly, of the scandal of our toy ' defenders.' Tho last item is the Protection of Workmen. AVhat the workmen themselves think of it can be appositely gathered from the utterance of the Trade Congress. Dickson and the land-sharks are backed by the metropolitan dummy contractors, and there is no class of employers which com pares with these for ruthless selfishness and grewl. ' The workmen reject the ljiileoi.'k-.Dicksonian 'protection' with the same contempt as the North rejects (.lie GriHithiaii 'local government.' Griffith bivigs of having stopped tlio land sales. Yes, ho has done it iu the country, in order to spite the squat ters, But he has only made it worse inv tho - towns . to favour that infamous class of speculator land-sharks,, which is the special' ? creation of his political 'purity.' ' ? So much for what this precious Government has done. There' remains to look at what it has not done. In the days when Sir Thomas M'llwraith's lease of power was likely to be extended, Griffith was a passionate advocate of triennial parliaments.. ? In the days when the tables wore turho'd, Griffith went for his full four years. ' When he came back, however, from England,' and found that three years' blundering had -resulted in the utter discredit of his ^administration, 'and his so-called policy, not only with the public but with his owir ' party, ho suddenly remembered his. pledge. ' He was already ; a def eatbd Premier, and he exhausted' his arrogance and spite in the attempt to bluff hisox ' supporters into passing a bill that should hurt his opponents and successors/ Tho man never had an .ounce of , -consistency - ?in him, and.noyor-vvill have. ., Hojis tho. prince of political weather-cocks,' aud Ins 'tail for over':flav)s ihe way ;tho wind' blows; . ' Ho;;; ^opposed; Sir Thomas. M^Ilwr.iith's.feileralization policy 'tuT.it looked liko succeeding, and then ho chipped in and ruined .it. The farce of the late Federal Council is duo to him. His supercilious medioerty, tho aboininablo: . *J-ud:-.. taste of his. open expressions 'off contempt for his colleagues and felJoiv-workcrs, has done more to damn Australian Federalism than twice the vain, senile opposition of Itobertson and Parkes. At the first session of tho Federal Council, Grifiith said: ' I do not think that it is in accordance with the. spirit of the times in these colonies, to contribute to the revenue of Q-reat\Baitain hj a distinct money payment.' ? At the second session, he .appeared as a tool of a coercionist;British Premier, and the in fatuato partizan of Imperial Federation, and tho Naval Defence Bill. What a sommersault ! The . impudence which enables him to keep his countenance as he came forward after it,, has, however, too many parallels to mako the perfor mance unique, disgusting though it be. With characteristic, effrontery, he lays claim to the policy of tho expulsion of tho Chinese. He did tho same with regard to the. anti-Coolie agitation. Yet those arc his own words : ' I may say that I have no ohjeetion in the world to the introduction of coolie im miff rants or others, hit the views I have always advocated are, that every person wlm likes to come, shall he at perfect liberty to do so.' (IDtmavd, Vol. xvit, ' page 923.) So much for tho Coolies. Now for the Clunkies: 'I would,' he says, ' I would not inaJce any laws to prevent them coming, nor any laws to induce them, except for the purpose of adding to our population. I would not be a parti/ to introduce Chinese by (he thousands, nor on the other hand would I be a parly to pulling a poll-tax on them.' Would not/' Of course ' I ' would if the popular desire went that way, for am ' I ' not the champion weather-Cock, and turncoat of all Australasia ? Listen to the manifesto : 'In the meantime I propose (1.) an increase of the poll-tax in each colony to such an amount as ?will be practically prohibition,1' and gives fivo other 'proposals' equally drastic. What is this man but a political .rogue? With one breath lie denounces the B.I. subsidized line ; with another ho renews the contract. Why ? Because be thinks it has been a'success. He is a rogue and a robber ; and all the while he poses as the model purcman of Aus tralia ! Was ever such amazing effrontery, such petrifying impuduneej' Let us close our review of his achieve ments in the past with his own match less declaration of the ' essential dif ferences ' between him and his party, and Sir Thomas M'llwraith and our party. These leaders and these parties, lie says, 'are actuated by widely dif ferent aims, and regard public mailers from witl nil/ different points of view. The one party regards every matter from tM point of view : ' What good will this do to us and our friends?' The other, the Liberal parly, asks, ' What good will, this do to the people generally ?' ' Comment would be an insult. Where ridicule passes into con tempt, the best speech is that of silence. Tho Old Trick Again. Tn k local politcian is at one of his old tricks again, t}-at of throwing dust in the eyes of others. The dust raised by him must have got into his own eyes, ?or ho would have seen ? to write somc thiDg bettor than tho following : ' The oiv.ss ignorance * * exhibited in the matter can only be excused on the grounds of inexperience and want of knowledge.' 'Crass ignorance' is good, but crass ignorancehdng excused on tne grounds or wane or Knowledge is exquisite. We cannot think just now of anything to equal the tautology of this better than ' the deliberate lies of the local politician are to be excused because of bis mendacity and want of truthfulness, or the cowardice of one who refuses to fight 'fair is to be ex cused because of his want of courage.' At any rate we don't need his pity, and he might as well reserve it for the disappointed M'llwraithian candidates, whose chances oE election have suffered so much at our hands. Supposing we tell him that our experience and know ledge of the working of tho 121octoral Act had led us to call it a roundabout and stupid process ? Wo shall refer to this again immediately, but first let us assure this individual, who presumes to take 'us so severely to task, that he could never h.ivo written such egregious nonsense unless he was himself ignorant of the present state of tho law, or took everybody ? else to be ignorant of it. Herd is a piece of information that will compare with tlio old saw ' Queen Anno is dead'— Tlio ' Electoral ltolls Act,' wliivft provides for the quarterly, reqixhal'um nf electors, was introduced into tlio IicgisliiMvo Assembly mill currind through nil its stages by tho Hoii. Archibald' Archer, tlio C'oloniiil .,'1'ronsnrar of the M'llwraithian Administration, arid oiio of tho most conscientious men tlmt over sut in tho Queensland Parliament. What does- this mean ? Is he trying to befool bis'readers into the belief that Mr. Archer's ' Electoral llolls Act,'.' was the latest legislation in that direction ? It looks like it. .The Acts of the Par liament of Queensland for the year 1SS5 arc before . us, and No. 13 is intituled 'an Act '-tolconsoliduto and amend :the laws relating to Parliamentary elections, and to make bettor provision tor jire vonting . corrupt practices at such elections.'; ? Now, will ho be surprised if we -inform liini that this Act repeals all previous legislation upon the subject ? No,-he cannot bo surprised at. that, for ho knew it perfectly 'well whon ho eh-' doavourcd to throw dust in the eyes of ;others.: ,;Tho law as.it ;now exists is . Sir Samuel Griffith's, and : it'-j boars :: the impress ^of his. iriiiid in; its - lawyer-like ^character from beginning; to oncli-iThe. Act for 1S85 4sto all. intents and: pur poses .the ;law of tho land, and- it rpguy lates the .whole process of .placing names on- tbo Electoral Eoll; : Tlio ' quaiifica-; tions of .those -entitled to havo their names placed on .' the- Itoll -.'a'r.0 , given clearly,, iindv so .the preparation . of the ilolls, the . operations of I! egis tration Courts, by which (thd- whole thin* is done. -Haying read the clauses bearing upon these ^points, we again ropoat that the whole process of having one's name placed on tho Roll is a roundabout and stupid one.. Put tho case thus : A man comes into the colony and takes up his rcsidenco in tho' electoral district o? Toowoomba, im mediately after the firit week in ? January, when the sittings of the Regis- '. tration Court are over. Ho cannot apply for his name to be placed on tbo Itoll until ho has been six months ' resident in the colony. At . tho expiration of tho six months he is just a little too kto to apply for the July regis tration, and that means an intervaiof nino mouths before oven an application for registration can be made. Then comes the publication, of the names of appli cants, tho possibility of objections, tho hearing of such objections, and finally the revision of the rolls, and publication of lists. If that is hot round about and stupid, wo don't know what is. We may x be ignorant of other things. For instance, wo do not profess' to know, that all tho names placed on the elec- ' toral roll at tho last quarterly registra tion wore liberals. But we 'can read plain English, and in spite oE the dust raising, we can see through' the designs of the local politician, lie must surely have taken others to have been asleep for the last 10 years like our old friend Kip Van Winkle. Chasor ot? Anjiuns3.— Slit. A. Mead Dentist, front room, upper llnoi- of tho Australian Mutu:il .fruvidunt nuw buildings Uiitliven-streut. Arlificiitl fcuufcli supplied on gold,, vulcanite, etc. Teoth lillc.l with gold and tlio usual dental alloys, also n.iinlossly extracted with thu aid of nitious-oxido or laiiL'liing mis. 