OUR NEW YORK LESTER. . I . IrSOK OUR OWN COBBMFOBTDElrr.I^r j Once more Messrs. Kirby and Sutton, of the American Art Galleries, have laid New York under an obligation that it would be difficult to estimate. It is not what their present collection of pictures so far surpasses any of those which have preceded it, or that it has any marked, phenomenal works of art, but for general excellence it is of the very highest standard through and through. I am not one who mourns the continual breaking up of magnificent and valuable c Collections. The opportunity of studying these splendid work is in itself an education, and it is safe to say that a hundred people have seen and enjoyed them in the American Art Galleries to the one who ever saw them in the hands of the original possessors. When the great More an collection was on exhibition there I the gallery was visited by at least 100 000 people. . During Mr. Morgan's life it is doubtful if they were ever seen by 2,000. The Stewart collection while in Stewart s possession might just as well have been in the Catacombs, but when placed on sale by Messrs. Kirby and Sutton it attracted a multitude who received more pleasure and profit from an hour's visit to the American Art Galleries than Mr. Stewart or his f neilds had re ceive d in all their lives The same may be-said-of -the Sydney collection and numerous others which have been entrusted to the care of these enterprising gentlemen. And it is not only the fact that they have had value the collection of pictures on exhibition, but they have become the acknowledged medium between the struggling artist and the wealthy purchaser, securing for the artist the reward for his genius which he would have found it difficult to have obtained without their aid, and for the purchaser the full value of his money measured by the highest canons of art. It is this absolute honesty of purpose between the buyer and seller which has given them their present business standing, and this, connected with the fact of their nice discrimination in the election of a jects which seeks out the pure, the grand, the educational, the instructive, have made the American art galleries one of the most delightful places to spend an hour to be found in the city. In the present collection there are 268 pictures, every one of which comes up to a very high standard of art. In the brief space that I am compelled to give to each subject it is almost impossible to particularise, but " Feeding Time," by Van Maroko, "The Orphans," by Laon, and the .' Arrest of Charlotte Corday " seem to be especially worthy of mention. There is also a portrait of Charlotte Corday so different from anything ever seen or conceived of her on this side of the Atlantic that, if it is true to the life, completely revolutionises all preconceived ideas in regard to this remarkable heroine. The face is not uncomely, but it lacks the lines of fierce determination which we have always associated with Charlotte Corday. The face that lives in our memory of the heroic assassin of Mara was cold as ice and fixed as fate. Measured by any standard, the features were beautiful ; yet it was a kind of Satanic beauty that man fears, but never loves. The portrait on exhibition is by Edouard Richter, of Park, and the simple fact of its belonging to William Scharf, the celebrated art connoisseur, gives it a stump of worth equal to the goldsmith's mark on sterling silver But it is the face of a human, sensuous woman. Instead of the thin, firm lip and hard-knit brow, the lips are full and generous, intended more for love than hate and looking on that face, it is impossible to believe that its owner could ever have nerved herself to become the executioner of even such a hateful tyrant as Mars. The " Wine Taster," the " Miser and a Monk in Wine Cellar," are works of superlative excellence. And while not in the general sale, I observed on an easel a landscape by the veteran artist George Innes, which 25 or 50 years hence will bring its weight in gold. It is true that from the present collection there is an absence of great names, for which, in many instances the art world has paid so much and frequently got so little ; but this collection, while perhaps lacking the imperial stamp, is rich in golden promise, and here we see the hopeful work of those who at no distant day are to fill the vacant places of Market, Munkacs, De Neuville, Mes Bionier;-Diaz,-Julei Breton, Carob,' Bean germ, and the other names which art has canonised in the present genera- tion. Hans Markart's Diana's Hunt; ing Party is still to be, seen there, and added to the beauty and attractiveness of the exhibition. In a few days the entire collection, except the last-named work, will pass under the merciless hammer of the auctioneer, and we hope that some public spirited citizens will see to it that some of the best canvases find their way to the Metropolitan Art Museum. While reading the foreign news last week my blood tingled at some evictions in Galway and Wicklow, My anger was somewhat modified against our foreign cousins, when I began to look at what we were doing in New York and Brooklyn. Wednesday the 15th of February, was one of the bitterest days of the season, the thermometer at high noon only marked a few degrees above zero. On that day in New York 26 families were pitched into the freezing streets with a degree of barbarity that it would be difficult to match from the Hill of Howth to Queenstown Harbour. On the same day in Brooklyn an Irishman who has accumulated quite a property as an attaché of the Supreme Court threw a widow and her children out into the streets for the non payment of doll., and I may here add that the Irish landlords of the tenement houses are the most merciless victory in the city. 1 ' A terrible accident marred the progress of the elevated road in Brooklyn. The derrick used in hoisting the cross-beams and pillar fell on top of a street car, kill- ing the driver, the horses, and several passengers, and wounding a number of others. A similar accident occurred to the same company a few weeks ago without such a fatal result, but instead of taking warning they have gone blindly on till it has led to the present fatal calamity. Almost like a ghost from the other world Jonathan H. Green, the reformed gambler, dropped down on Brooklyn butt week Long -years ago I recollect one night sitting in a fashionable church, which was packed to suffocation, while I listened in breathless wonder to the startling revelations of the Reformed Gambler. His books sold like wildfire, and extra zest was added to their publication by the rumour that the daring convert was to be assassinated by the desperate villians whose thieving secrets he exposed. At that time Mr. ..-reen seemed to be on the high road to fortune, for he was almost as successful on the platform as John B. Gough. But years ' rolled on, and he passed out of sight and was forgotten, and and now he turns up in the City of Churches a poor wretched old man of 70, I wrecked and penniless, seeking a place to die.' i One Jackson, a well-known fireman, fell dead in the street here last week, leaving a snug little property and a pension to his widow, if there was one, from the fire department. He was alway b supposed to be a bachelor, but he was hardly laid in the morgue when two widows turned up to claim him. One missed her husband 17 years ago, and she thought the dead fireman looked exactly like him. The other's husband deserted her in 1849, and she has claimed no less than six at the morgue. Poor Jackson being the latest. From time to time New York is startled and horrified by the disclosure that come up from the lunatic asylums, and the revelations of the past week have sent a thrill of horror through the entire community. After a desperate struggle with the hospital authorities, 27 sane men and women have been relieved from a captivity, in comparison to which death would have been a blessing. If a patient dared to insinuate that he was sane he was seized by the attendants, and if he made the slightest resistance ho grain Hitad op and suddenly: let fall upon the floor till the bran!, mash found offer of Ua,4«md than . powerful hypo >U7/ i 11.. diesel \----car: dermic injection^of(,morphine -paralysed all further eminence. 'Beaten, Bend had terrorised the miserable wretches, 1 angered on from month to month and a year to year, and their Sty of age ny was never heard outside he confines f their prison. One who was rescued from this hell by the indefatigable efforts of a charitable lawyer, immediately went to work to help some of his fellow prisoners, and the result is that 27 sane persons were released (who have been confined in the asylum as lunatics, some for months and others for years, and every one of them by a sheriff's jury was pronounced perfectly sane A successor has just been found in Brooklyn to the Rev Dr. Snibely, who retired from his charge there about a year ago To most of the readers of the Broadbrim letters Dr. Shirley was unknown, but he will readily be remembered as the clergyman who resided old George Holland, the actor, Christian sepulture, but told his friends that if they wanted a few prayers no doubt they could get them at the Little Church Around the Corner 'Holland's' body was conveyed to Dr. Houghton's little church, a id every actor who has died from that day to this has been hurried from the Little Church around the corner. Doctor Houghton is idolised by the profession, and if in the other world people are allowed to exercise the profession that they found most congenial to them here, Dr Hough- >n will always be sure of a front seat or a private box when- ever he attends the theatre. Ever since he refused to read prayers over George Holland Dr Stavely has been under a cloud ; personally he is a great favourite with the bishop, and he is a gentleman of eminent culture, but he was never intended to associate with publicans and sinners. He was an eminently respectable Christian who had no idea of contaminating his lawn with hod carriers or actors The bishop moved him from place to place ; it was no use, the Little Church Around the Corner s luck to him like the shirt of "Nessie, and it will cling to him to the day of his day. ?-, 