I RANDOM PAPERS. BY Coms. BYRON'S CENTENARY. The "world stuff" which becomes after countless æons condensed into comets, nebulæ, meteorites, globes—is a very simple matter to deal with chemically and to the spectroscope will yield its secret without reservation The chemist will give you its qualitative, if not its quantitative contents and surely, for the scientific mind, nothing can be more satisfactory, nothing further can be needed. But when in the progressive series of condensation " globe" is arrived at, there appear factors and elements of which the philosophy of the chemist can take no account For the globe," after other countless æons, becomes "habitable," and there appears upon the scene that mysterious entity which we call "life," bringing in its train birth and death, joy and sorrow, good and evil and dreams of an eternity past and an endless hereafter. The "globe trotter " of the present day complains bitterly that this earth is growing so small that from Fleet street to Cathay is fast becoming only "a Sabbath day's journey " But the thinking man, who measures distances by other means than miles, finds the earth a very wide part of God's creation He sees the man in the next street, for instance, living in thought, word, and deed as distant from him as if he inhabited Aldebaran, or one of the stars in the Belt of Orion " The brother who was nourished at the same mother's breast might be a denizen of the "Dog Star," the wife of his bosom might have dropped from the moon "-so little does he know of the secrets of their souls If you want to know how wide a place this earth of ours is, consider the difference between these two worlds-the East and the West. The East, which has been the mother of religion from the beginning, and where new beliefs spring up and die like weeds which no man regardeth the East has brooded and dreamed for ages, and regarded action as the canker of life To her the glories of Alexander and Caesar were nothing-a fever of the blood-a transient tipple on the quiet pool-a degrading aberration from the dream of Nirvana, or absorption in the One. Matthew Arnold's lines are, therefore, as true as they are beautiful when he writes " The East bowed low before the blast in silent, deep disdain , She let the legions thunder past, And plunged in thought again " The West, however, esteems dreams as of no value, thinks lightly of mere thought as thought, demands that the thing be practicable, and, above all, longs for action. It will have its poet, painter, statesman always in evidence while alive, and after they are dead periodically it drags them from their graves to pass across the stage poor ghosts as they are to act again for its gratification 'Tis thus that you find in the morning's journal that this is the centenary of the birth of the great Slawken bergius, whose folio on nose was epoch making for Mr Shandy, and it was from the lack of such a notice in last Monday's news papers that I find myself now writing on that of George Gordon, who came into this world on the 22nd day of January, 1788, and subsequently became the sixth Lord Byron, and the most celebrated poet of the age Busy as we are at present celebrating our own Centenary, and our "Mayflower and our "Pilgrim Fathers,' it is natural that this other should be forgotten But no on— not even Southey, Byron's bitterest literary foe—could have imagined that such a fate could be his who in February, 1812, took London by storm, after the first two cantos of "Childe Harold" appeared, and held it captive till 1810 by his "Giaour,' "Bride of Abydos," "Corsair," "Lara," and "Siege of Corinth ' The hero of all these pieces was the same—a melodramatic villain, a terrible fellow of "one virtue and a thousand crimes.' Byron, with all his splendid gifts, had little imagination and less of the dramatic faculty, and so it naturally followed that the hero was always Byronic— was always "of the opposition," always an Ishmael. In "The Corsair" he is— That man of loneliness and mystery, Scarce seen to smile and seldom heard to sigh ; Whose name appals the fiercest of his crew And tints each swarthy cheek with sallower hue ; Still sways their souls with that commanding art That dazzles, leads, yet chills the vulgar heart." Grown older and gloomier and moodier in " Lara," the corsair becomes— " That brow in furrow'd lines had lived at last, And spake of passion, but of passions post the pride, but not the fire of early days, Coldness of miles, yet carelessness of praise ; A high demeanour, and a glance that took Their thoughts from others by a single look ; And that sarcastic levity of tongue. The stinging of a heart the world had stung, That darts In summing playfulness around, And makes those feel that will not own the wound." Later on Carlyle may compare this decree records in his own grim fashion to the screaming of a meat jack, and Mrs. Oliphant may pity his contemporaries for that "in the full illumination of the 10th century the sham heroic chief was to them as a revelation from heaven " But Byron's con- temporaries thought differently. Jeffrey, who magnanimously forgave the " English Bards and Scotch Reviewers" episode, wrote of " Lara " .-" Passages of it may be put in competition with anything that poetry has produced in point either of pathos or energy," Moore was enraptured with it" Fourteen thousand copies of "The Corsair" were sold in a day and Scott testifies that "the Giaour' is praised among our moun- tains" Elsewhere he confesses :—"I gave over writing romances because Byron beat me, He hits the mark where I don't even pretend to fledge my arrow. He has access to a stream of senti- ment unknown to me." And the wonder of it all was that Byron found this work as easy as lying," for he makes the boast that "I wrote 'Lara' while undressing after coming home from balls and masquerades in the year of revelry 1814. 'The Bride' was written in four, the Corsair' in ten days ' Whether the oblivion into which Byron's memory has fallen will last is not a question which can be discussed here, but it must be satisfactory to those who are still faithful disciples to learn that even Mrs Oliphant and the author of Huron in the " English Men of Letters " series acknowledge that here are signs of n JJ) ron Renaissance. No poet nor teacher can in fluence me now, as I was influenced in the green and sullen days of youth, and therefore it is that neither Carlyle, nor Tennyson, nor Ruskin can ever be to me Master in the sense that Byron was. 'the dour north country folk among whom I lived held him to be sealed with the mark of " the Beast," and his works were proscribed with an anathema ruminating,' as though Satan had been their author. But this did not prevent me from considering "Manfred" and "Cain" as the most sublime of poems, and enlivening sweet moments of forgetfulness from hated tasks in the perusal of a much thumbed and shabby copy of "Don Juan" 'The Lucifer of "Cain" is not more immoral than Goethe's Mephistopheles, and is less defiant and imposing than Milton's Satan , but people who considered "Faust" and "Paradise Lost" edifying reading lifted up their hands in horror against the work of Byron He was feared and hated by one half of the reading public, and adored by the other half, but there was no doubt at all that he was the greatest genius of the 19th century, and was destined to be one of the immortals. His bust was everywhere. The smooth, hairless, pleasure lavin,; face, the handsome features, and curly locks were known to everyone. Youths given to " drop into poetry " considered it incumbent on them to be Byronic, not only in style and sentiment, but also in the turned down collar and the loosely fastened necktie. People raved about "The Isles of Greece," and spouted "Lara," or "The Bride of Abydos," by the page. Speaking for myself, I remember vividly how I longed to desert the office desk, and the humdrum daily life of the quiet north country place, to sweep the Mediterranean sees on a gloomy, moody corsair " Whose heart was form'd for softness, warped by wrong, Betray'd too early, and beguiled too long " There are times when the idea of immortality oppresses me like a dreadful nightmare for it means then—merely always to be doing some duty, always toiling at a never ending task, always dragging like a chain the memories of an ever-lengthening past. Then sweet to me in the idea of mingling at death with the kindly grass, and I long for the doom of consciousness to be lifted from off me, that I may become part of the wind and the rain, and be no more a living soul. At other seasons death fills me with coward dread, and I quail before the horror of falling into nothingness-of losing for ever all I hold dear—all that I have learned and gotten with such painful effort But whatever the fate in store for us after death it is something for you and for me to know, dear reader, that we at any rate will never have a centenary. At this hour we are part of the loud-sounding procession of the generation that is, but soon we shall be as unremembered as the countless generations that have passed into silence and death. Merciful obli- vion will seal up for her own, and from earth at least no sound shall come to break our rest No one will ask whether our hair was red or dark, or mitigate our squint, or speak feelingly of our club foot or the hunch upon our back. Our butcher's, grocer's, and washing bills will not be esteemed as pre- cioua relics-no one will treasure our toothpicks or our goose quills ; our do- mestic wranglings, our faults of temper, our virtues and shortcomings, our sins and sorrows will not be public property for ever and ever. When we think that no future Laurens is likely to be verbose and dull about us, that no Nimmo will deem it is worth his while to recite our poems, and no parsons will lecture on us in remote suburbs and deprecate our lapses into heterodoxy— when we think on these blessings, dear reader —we cannot be too thankful for the in- significance which makes death so restful. There are a few names, however, that are as little likely to fade, while earth lasts, as the signs of the zodiac. Time has no power of them, for they never grow old, and the dust of the ages gathers not order them, for they never become dim. We shall for ever keep the birthday of Dante and Shakspeare, of Raphael and Mozart We shall keep green the memory of Paul and of Augustine and Luther. Posterity never errs in making the selection of those who are worthy to be of the Immortals. Much that is noble and great and beautiful is lost as the ages pass, but the noblest and the greatest are in the main saved, to be part of man's growing heritage. If Byron's centenary, therefore, is not cele- brated as his contemporaries expected it to be, it is well, before condemning the present age as fickle and ungrateful, to see if there be not some justification for the neglect The truth is that poor Byron, coming from such a stock as he did, could not in the nature of things be one of the Immortals. His father was an unprincipled blackguard, his mother was a weak, violent woman, who alternately petted and abused him. He was either her "angel" or a "lame best" "Your mother's a fool," said a friend to him once, and the sad reply was, "I know it' As a child he would, if reprimanded, that his dress from top to seem as he had seen his mother tear her caps and gowns when in her "tantrums," He inherited to the full all the bad and good qualities of the "mad Gordons," and his career at school and col- lege was like his subsequent career in the world-that of a rebel, who recognised no law but the passions of a stormy and ill- regulated nature. He was a bundle of contradictions. He was at once a " peer and a poet of revolt," proud of his ancestry and his title, and an aristocrat to the finger tips in sentiment and a democrat in politics. He was always pining for solitude, yet Shelley says of him, "Wherever he went he became the nucleus of society." He has at once munificent and stingy ; lavish in expendi diture, and careful in money matters. Be could fall asleep in the midst of a storm at sea, and yet he never mounted a horse without nervous caution. He could defy the terrors of religion, and yet be afraid of the palmistry or a gipsy woman morbidly sensitive to criticism, he affected to despise it; proud of his position as a poet, he has resented being classed with mere literary men; conscious of the power of his personal beauty, his deformed foot rankled in his soul lure a deadly wrong ; haunted with the dread of growing but, he was as careful of his person as a "professional beauty," and dieted him- self on vegetables and other Lenten fare; beloved by his servants and by a few staunch friends, he outraged society, and made most good men his foes ; capable of generous and noble actions, he was through- out his life a supreme egotist ; the idol of the fair sex, he despised women and wrote of them thus :— " I regard them as very pretty, but inferior creatures, who are us little in their place at our tables as they would be in our council chambers. The whole of the present system with regard to the female sex is a remnant of the barbarism of the chivalry of our fore Suthers. 1 look on them as grown up children ; but, like a foolish mamma, I am constantly the slave of one of them, The Turks shut up their women, and are much happier. Give a woman a looking glass and burnt almonds, and she will be con- tent" The works of Byron are a reflex of his character. They are instinct with points and energy, abound in instances of splendid descriptive power and burning eloquence, and coruscate with ceaseless flashes of wit and fancy. But in his dramas egotism forces him to make all his heroes Byrons, and re- duces the other characters to shadows, and throughout all his works the " criticism of life' is superficial and conventional through the lack of spiritual insight He had no lead nig principles to guide him, no cardinal truths on which to rest a sure foundation. Thus it has been said of him, with perfect truth :— "In 'Cain' Byron grapples with the per- plexities of a belief which he never either accepted or rejected, and with the yet deeper problems of life and death, of good and ill. . . . He is in the proper sense of the word a sceptic, beset with doubts and seeking for a solution which he never found, shifting in his expression of them with every change of a fickle and inconstant temperament. ' Mrs. Oliphant, in the estimate of the poet's works which she gives in The Literary History of England, is equally emphatic She says :— "There is nothing in them which reaches that region beyond sight, that darkness round us and within which it is the highest function of the poet to divine, the highest exercise of the mind to search into, catching such glimpses as our inquiries will allow. On this Byron has no communication to make, no light to offer. He is as profane and ignorant as any of us. When he himself risks a wonder- ing question before these dark portals, it is with that despairing levity which is the resource of those who fear and know nothing, nut of those who love and ponder and by moments see. 'There is no kindred with the mystic and unknown in the range of his genius ; he belongs entirely to the solid earth, and his mysteries are those of the theatre and the tale, nothing greater or more." Byron's poetical career may be said to have closed with the publication of "Don Juan," and there is no doubt that the writer spoke from the bitterness of his own heart when, towards the end, he penned such a passage as this :- " But ' carpe diem' Juan, carpe, carpe '! To-morrow sees another race as gay And transient, and devoured by the same harpy. ' Life's a poor player '—then play out the play." Having drained the cup of pleasure to the dregs, disgusted with the bowl of indignation in which "Don Juan" had raised in England, the poet foresworn the muses and devoted himself with characteristic energy to the task of achieving the freedom of Italy and Greece. He was determined to wipe out the past and begin life anew as a man of action. "If I live ten years longer," he wrote, "you will see that it is not over with me— I don't mean in literature, for that is nothing—but you will see that I shall do something, the times and fortune permitting, that, like the cosmogony of the world, will puzzle the philosophers of all nations." But the rising in Italy proved a failure, and before he could see the fruit of his labours in Greece he died at Missolonghi on the 19th of April, in 1824\. Broken in health and strength, pre maturely old in body and in soul, Byron had lived out the full length of his days at 36. He has left us his debtor for much, but so far as we can judge, the net result of his life, to himself, can be expressed in his own verse :— " Through life's road so dim and dirty I have dragg'd to three and thirty. What have those years left to me ? Nothing, except thirty-three." Yes ! Byron himself tells us, when ques- tioned, why it is that there can be no national celebration of his centenary. 