DEAD MAN'S ROCK. A ROMANCE : By Q. [Published by apecial amogemeDt with Me«srs. C»6bell & Co. All rigtita reserved.] BOOK I.— THE QUEST OF THE GREAT RUBY. CiurTER IX.— ^Contains the Second Part of My Fathib's Journal, set ting foeth His Adventures in the Island of Ceylon. -(Continued ) 'As soon as I judged them to have gone a sufficient distance I arose and fol lowed, cautiously counting my footsteps. But this was needless ; my father had de scribed the tree as * noticeable and not to be missed,' nor was he wrong. Barely had I counted five hundred paces when it rose into view, uncouth and monstrous. All around it spread the crimson blossoms of huge rhododendrons, but this strange tree was at once unlike any of its fellows, and of a kind altogether unknown to me. Its roots were partly bare, and writhed in fantastic colls across the track. Above these rose and spread its seven tranks, matted with creepers, and then united about 4 feet below the point where the branches began. Its foliage was of a dark, glossy green, particularly dense, and its height, as 1 should judge, some 60 feet 'Tskine out my '*''rm I started from the left hand side of the narrow track.andatadghtangletoit. Theonder nwth gave me moth trouble, sad once i*4 to make a dreatt round a huge rhododendron ; but I fought my way through, and after going, as I reckon, thirty-two paces, pulled up in front of — another rhododendron. 'There must be some mistake. My father had spoken of a ( stone shaped like a man's head,' but said nothing of a rhododendron tree, and indeed this particular tree was in nowise different from its companions. I looked around ; took a few steps to the right, then to the left ; went round the tree ; walked back a few paces ; returned to the tree to see if it concealed anything ; then sought the track to begin my measurement afresh. ** I was just starting again in a very discomposed mood when a thought struck me. I had been behaving like a fool. The parchment said ' at a right angle to the left-hand edge of the track.' I had started from my left hand, bub I was de scending the mountain, whereas the direc tions of course supposed the explorer to be ascsuding. Alniost ready to laugh at my stupidity, I tried again. ' Facing round I got the needle at an angle of ninety degrees, and once more began counting. My heart was beginning to beat quickly by this time, and I felt myself trembling with excitement. The course was now more easily followed. True, the growth was as thick as ever, bub no rhododendrons blocked my passage. Beating down the creepers that stob» across my face, twined round my legs, and caught at my cap, I measured thirty- two paces as nearly as I could and then stopped. ' Before me was a patch of velvet grass, some twelve feet square and bare of the undergrowth that crowded elsewhere ; bat not a trace of a stone. I looked right and left, crossed the tiny lawn, peered all about, but still eaw nothing at all re sembling what I sought. ' As it began to dawn on me that all my hopes had been duped, my journey vain, and my father's words an empty cheat, a sickening despair got hold of me. iS y knees shook together, and big drops of sweat gathered on my forehead. I roused myself and searched again ; again I was baffled. Distractedly I beat the bushes round and round the tiay lawn, then flung myself down on the turf and gave way to my despair. To this, then, it had all come ; this was the end for which I had abandoned my wife and child ; this the treasure that had dangled so long before iny eyes. Fool that I had been ! I cursed my madness and the hour when I was born ; never before had I heartily despised myself, never until now did I know how the luBt for thia treasure had eaten into my soul. The secret, if secret indeed there were, and all were not a lie, was in the keeping of the silent Peak. ' I almost wept with wrath. I tore the turf in my frenzy, and felt as one who would fain curse God and die. But after awhile my passion spent itself. I sat up and reflected that after all my first direc tion might have been the right one ; at any rate I would try it again and explore it thoroughly. The instructions were pre cise, and had been confirmed in the matter of the tree. Evidently the person that wrote them had been upon the Peak, and what, if they were lies, was to be gained by the-cheat I 'I pulled out the parchment again and read it through ; then started to my feet with fresh energy. I was just leaving the little lawn and returning down my path when it struck me that the bush on my left hand was of a curious shape. It seemed a mere tangled knot of creepers covered with large white blossom, and rose to about my own height. Carelessly I thrust my stick into the mass, when its point jarred upon— stone. ' Yes, stone ! In a moment my knife was out and I was down on hands and knees cutting and tearing at the tendrils. Some of them were full three inches thick, but I slashed and tugged 'with breath that ^came and -went immoderately fast, with, bleeding hands and thumping heart, until little by little the stone was bared and its out lines revealed themselves. ' But as they grew distinct and I saw what I had uncovered I fell back in terror. The stone was about five feet ten inches in height, and was roughly shaped to represent a human head and neck. Bat the face it was that froze my heated blood in horror. Never until I die shall I forget that hellish expression. It was the smoothly-shaven face of a man of about 50 years of age, roughly carved after the fashion of many of the ruins on this mountain. But whoever fashioned it. the artist must have been a fiend. If ever malignant hate was expressed in form it stood before me. Even the blank pupils made the malevolence seem but the more undying. Every feature, every line was horrible, every touch of the chisel had added a fresh grace of devilish spite. It was simply evil petrified. ' As this awful face, bared of the inno cent creeper that for years had shrouded its ugliness from the light of day, con fronted me a feeling of such repulsion overcame me that for several minutes I could not touch it. The neck was looBely set in a sort of socket fixed in the earth ; this was all the monster's pedestal. I saw that it barely needed a man's strength to send it toppling over. Yet for a moment I could summon up none. At length I put my hands to it and with an effort sent it crashing over amid the brushwood. ' The trough in which this colossal head had rested waa about four feet in depth, and narrowed towards the bottom. I put down my hand and drew out — a human thigh-bone. The touch of this would have turned me sick again, had not the statue's face already surfeited me with horror. As it waa I was nerved for any sight. The passion of my dlsoovery waa upon me, and I tossed the mouldering bones out to right and left. ' ' But stay. There seemed a great many in the trough. Surely this was the third thigh-bone that I held now in my hand. Yes, and below close to the bottom of the trough lay two skulls side by side. There were two then buried here. The parch ment had only spoken of one. But I had no time to consider about this. What I sought now was the secret, and as I took up the seoond sknll I caught the gleam of metal underneath It. 1 put In my hand and drew out a buckle of gold. 44 This buckle is formed of two pieces, bcund to either end of a thin bolt of rotten linen, and united by hook and ?ocket Its whole dimensions are but 3 inches x 2 inches, but inside its curiously carved border it is entirely covered with writing in rude English character. The narrowing funnel of the trough had kept it from being crushed . by the statue, which fitted into a rim running round the Interior. Beyond the buckle and the two skeletons there was nothing in the trough, but I looked for nothing else. Here in my hands lay the secret of the Great Ruby of Ceylon ; my fingers clutched the wealth of princes. My journey had ended, and the riches of the earth were in my gracp. ' Forgetful of my guides, forgetful of the flight of time, mindful of nothing but the golden buckle, I sat down by the rim of the trough and began to decipher the writing. The inscription, aa far as I could gather, ran right across the clasp. It could be read easily enough, and contained accurate directions for searching in some spot, but where that spot was it did not reveal. It might be close to the statue, and I was about to start up and make the attempt when I thought again of the parchment. Pulling it from my pocket I read — * . . . beneath this stone lies j the secret of the Great Iiuby, and yet not ' all, for the rest is graven on the key which I thall be already entrusted to you. These preccrutiwishare IiaJcen that none may mi r- ' prise this secret but its right possessor. . .' ' Now my father's will had expressly enjoined, on pain of his dying curse, that this key should not be moved from its plsce until the Trenoweth who went to seek the treasure should have retained ssd crowed the threshold of Lentrig. Consequently the ruby was not buried on Adam's Peak, or to return for the key would have been so much labor wasted. Consequently, also, the golden buckle was valueless to anybody but him who knew the rest of my father's injunctions, j although not yet in my hand, the Great j Ruby was mine. I was folding up the buckle with the parchment before rejoin ing the guides when a curious thing happened. ' Thesun had climbed high into heaven whilst I was absorbed in my search, and waa now flooding the little lawn with light. In my excitement I had heard and seen nothing, nor noted that the heat was growing, unbearable beneath the vertical rajs. But as I was folding up the parch ment a blackshadow suddenly fell across the page. I started and looked up. 'Above me stood Simon Oolliver. ' He was standing in the broad light of the sun and watching me intently with a curious smile, which grew as our eyes met. How long he had been there I could not guess, but the strangeness of meeting him on this spot, and the occupation in which I was surprised, discomposed me nob a little. Hastily thrusting back the buckle and the parchment into my pocket, I scrambled to my feet and stood facing him. Even as I did ao, all Mr. Sander son's warnings came flashing into my mind. ' For full a minute we stood confront ing each other without a word. He was still standing in the full blaze of the sun light, with the same odd smile upon his face, and a peculiar light in his dark eyes that never Bwerved for a moment. Finally he gave a low laugh and nodding lightly, said — ' '.Odd thing our meeting like this, eh ? Hand of fate or some such thing might be mixed up in it .from the way we run across each other's path.' ' I assented. ' Queer, too, you'll allow, that we should both be struck with the fancy for ascending this mountain. Very few Euro peans do it, so I'm told. I'm on my way up, are you ? No ? Coming down and taking things easily, to judge by the way I found you occupied.' ' Was the man mocking me ? Or had he, after all, no suspicions 1 His voice was soft and pleasant as ever, nor could I detect a trace of irony in its tone. But I ?was on my guard. ' ' This Peak seems strewn with the handiwork of the heathen,' he continued. ? But really you seem to be in luck's way. I congratulate you. What's this ? Skeletons, eh? Upon my word, Treno weth, you've unearthed a treasure. And this ? A statue ? Well, it's a queer place to come hunting for statues, but you've picked up an ugly-looking beggar in all conscience !' ' Ee had advanced to the head, which lay in the rank herbage staring up in hideous apite to heaven. Presently he turned to me and said — ' ' Well, this is very remarkable. The fellow wlio carved this seems to have borrowed my features — not very compli mentary of him, 1 must say. Don't you see the likeness f 'It was solemn truth. Feature by feature that atrocious face waa simply a reproduction of Colliver's. As I stared in amazement, it seemed more and more marvellous that I had not noticed the resemblance before. True, each feature was distorted and exaggerated to produce the utter malignity of its expression. Bat the face was the face of Coluver. Nobody could have called him a handsome man, but before this I had found Colliver not unpleasant to look upon. Now the hate of the statue's face seemed to have re flected itself upon him, I leant against a tree for support, and passed my hand across my brow as if to banish a fearful dream. But it was no dream, and when he turned to speak again I could see lurk ing beneath the assumed expression of the man all the evil passions and foul wicked ness engraved upon the stone. *' ' Well,' he remarked, ' stranger things than this have happened, but not mucb. You seem distre&sed;, Trenoweth. Surely I, if any one, have the right to be annoyed. But you letyour antiquarian zeal carry you too^ar. It's hardly fair to dig these poor remains from their sepul chre and leave them to bleach beneath this tropical son, even in the interest of science.' 'With this he knelt down and began to gather — very reverently as I thought — the bones into a heap, and replace them in their tomb. This done he kicked up a lump or two of turf from the little lawn and pressed it down upon them, humming to himself all the while. Finally he rose and turned again towards me — ' ? You'll excuse me, Trenoweth. It's sentimental no doubt, but I have con ceived a kind of respect for these remains. Suppose, for example, this face waa really a portrait of one of this buried pair. Why, then the deceased was very like me. 1 forgive him for caricaturing my features now ; were he alive, It might be different. But this place Is sufficiently out of the way to prevent the resemblance being noted by many. By the way, I forgot to ask how you chanced on this spot. For my part, I thought that I heard some thing moving in the thicket, so I followed the Bound out of pure curiosity, and came upon you. Well, well ! It's a strange world ; and it's a wonderful thought too, that this may be the grave of some prl mueval ancestor of mine who roamed this Peak for his daily food — an ancestor of some importance too, in his day, to judge by the magnificence of his tomb. A poet might make something out of this ; to-day face to face with the day before yesterday. But that's the beauty of archceology. I did not know it waa a pursuit of yours, and am glad to see you are sufficiently recovered of your illness to take it up again. Good-bye for the present. I am obliged to be cautious in taking farewell of you, for we have such a habit of meeting unexpectedly. So, as I have to be up and moving for the summit, I'll say ' Good- bye for the present.' We may as well leave this image where it la ; the dead won't miu it, and it's handy by, at any rate. Addio, Trenoweth, and beat of luck to your future researches.' ' He was gone. I could hear him sing ing as he went a strange song which he had often sung on the outward voyage — ' 'Sing bey ! for the dead man's lipg, my lads ; Sioft ho ! for the dead man's eouL At bis red, red lips ? - 'The song died away In the distance before I moved. I had hardly opened my lips during the Interview, and now had much ado to believe It a reality. Bat the newly - turfed grave was voucher enough for this. A horror of the place seized me ; I oast one shuddering look at the giant face and rushed from the spot, leaving the silent creepers to veil once more that awful likeness from the eyes of day. ?' As I emerged upon the track again I came upon Peter and Paul, who were , seeking me high and low, with dismay written upon their faces. Excusing my absence as beat I could, I declared myself ready In spite of my ankle to make all haste in the descent. Of our journey down the Peak I need say little, except that, lame aa I was, I surprised and exhausted my guides hi my hurry. Of the dangers and difficulties which had embarrassed our ascent I seemed to feel nothing. Except hi the cool of the forest the heat was almost insufferable ; but I would hear of no delay until we reached Batnapoora. Here, instead of returning aa we had come, we took a boat down the Kalu-ganga River to Cattura, and thenoe travelled along the ccaat byPantora to Colombo. ' The object of my journey is now ac complished ; and It only remains to hasten home with all speed. Bat I am feeling strangely unwell as I write this. My head has never fully recovered that blow at Bombay, and I think the hours during which I remained exposed to the sun's' raja, by the side of (hat arful image. mutt have affected it. Or perhsjithe fatigue of the journey baa worn me out. If I am going to sicken I most hid* my aecret, It would be safer to buy it with the journal, at any rate for the time;' some« where in the garden here. I have a tin box that will jnefc answer the purpose. My head is giving me agony. I can write no more.' Chatter X. — Contains the Third and Last Pakt of jiy Father's Jofrnal, settiko t0rth the mutiny on board the Belle Fortune. 'June 19.— Strange that wherever I am hospitably entertained I recom pense my host by falling ill in his house. Since my last entry in this journal I have been lying at the gate of death, smitten down with a sore sickness. It seems that the long exposure and weariness of my journey to the Peak threw me into a fever ; but of this I should soon have recovered, were it not for my head, which I fear will never be wholly ' right again. That cowardly blow upon Malabar Hill has made a sad wreck of me ; twice, when I seemed in a fair way to recovery, has my mind entirely given way. Mr. Eversleigh, indeed, assures me that my life has more than once been despaired of — and then what would have become of poor Margery ? I hope I am thankful to God for so mercifully sparing my poor life, the more so because conscious how unworthy I am to appear before Him. 'I trust I did not betray my secret in my wanderings. Mr. Eversleigh tells me I talked the strangest stuff at times — about rubies and skeletons, and a certain dreadful face from which I was struggling to escape. But the security of my journal and the golden clasp, which. I recovered to- day, somewhat reassures me. I am allowed to walk in the garden for a short space every day, but not until to-day have I found strength to dig for my hoard. I can hardly describe my emotions on finding it safe and sound. ' Poor Margery ! How anxious she must be getting at my silence. I will write her to- morrow — at least I will begin my letter to morrow, for I shall not have strength to finish it in one day. Even now I ought not to be writing, but I can not forbear making an entry in my re covered journal, if only to record * my thankfulness to heaven for my great de liverance. 'June 22—1 have written to Margery, but torn the letter up on second thoughts, as I had better wait until I hear news of a vessel in which I can safely travel home. Mr. Eversleigh (who is very kind to me, though not so hearty as Mr. Sanderson) will not hear of my starting in my pre Eent condition. I wonder in what part of the world Colliver is travelling now. 'July 1. — Oh, this weary waiting! Shall I never see the shores of England again ? The doctor says that I only make myeelf worse with fretting ; but it is hard to linger so when at my journey's end Iie3 wealth almost beyond the imagination, and (what is far more to me) the sight of my dear pnes. 'July 4. — In answer to my en treaties Mr. Everaleigh has consented to make enquiries about the home ward-bound vessels starting from Colombo. The result is that he has at once allayed my impatience, and compassed his end of keeping me a little longer, by selecting — upon condition that I approve his choice — an East Indiaman due to sail in about a fortnight's time. The name of the ship is the Belle Fortune, and of the captain, Cyrus Holding. In spite of the name the ship is English, and Is a barque of about 600 tons register. Her cargo consists of sugar and coffee, and her crew numbers some 18 hands. To-morrow I am going down with. Mr. Eversleigh. to inspect her, but I -am prepared beforehand to find her to my liking. The only pity is that she does not start earlier. 'July 6. — Weak as I am, even yesterday's short excursion exhausted me, so that I felt unable to write a word last night. I have been over the Belle For tune, and am more than pleased, especially with her captain, whose honest face took my fancy at once. I have a most com fortable cabin next to his set apart for me at little cost, since it had been 'fitted up for a lady on the outward voyage ; so that I shall still have a little money in pocket on my return, as my living, both here and at Bombay, has cost me nothing, and the doctor's bills have not exhausted my store. I wrote to Margery to- day, making as light of my illness as I could, and saying nothing of the business on Malabar HilL That will best be told her when she has me home again, and can hold my hand, feeling that I am secure. ?* July B- — I have been down again to-day to see the Belle Fortune. I forgot to say that she belongs to Messrs. Vincent and Hext, of Bristol, and is bound for that port. The only other passengers are a Dr. Concanen and his wife, who are acquaintances of Mr. Eversleigh. Dr. ' Concanen is a- physician with a, good prac : tice in Colombo, or was— as his wife's delicate health has forced him to throw up his employment here and return to I England. Mr. Eversleigh introduced me to tjhem this morning on the Belle Fortune. The husband is almost as tall as my host, and looks a man of great strength : Mrs. Concanen is frail and worn, but very lovely. To-day she seemed so ill that I offered to give up my cabin, which is really much more com fortable than theirs. But she would not hear of it, insisting that I was by far the greater Invalid, and that a sailing vessel would quickly set her right again— especially a vessel bound for England. Altogether they promise to be most pleasant companions. I forgot to say that Mrs. Concanen is taking a native maid home to act as her nurse. 'July 11.— We start In a week's time. I had a long talk with Captain Holding to-day ; he hopes to make a fairly quick passage, but says he, is short of hands. I have not seen the Concanens since. 'July 16. — We sail to-morrow after noon. I have been down to make my final preparations, and find my cabin much to my liking. Captain Holding is still short of hands. 'July 17, 7.30 p.m.— We cast off our warps shortly after 4 o'clock, and were quickly running homewards at about seven knots an hour. The Concanens stood on deck with me, watching Ceylon grow dim on the horizon. As the proud cone of Adam's Peak faded softly and slowly Into the evening mist, and so vanished, as I hope, for ever out of my life, I could not forbear returning thanks to Providence, which has thus far watched over me so wonderfully. There Is a fair breeze, and the hands, though short, do their work well to all appearances. There were only fifteen yesterday, three having been miesed for about a week before we sailed ; but I have not yet seen Captain Holding to ask him if he made up his number of hands at the last moment. Mrs. Con canen has invited me to their cabin to have a chat about England. ' July 18. — I am more disturbed than I care to own by a very curious discovery which I made this morning. As I issued on deck I eaw a man standing by the fore castle whose back seemed familiar to me. Presently he turned, and I saw him to be Simon Colliver. He has most strangely altered his appearance, being dressed now as a common sailor, and wearing rings hi his ears as the custom Is. Catching sight of me he came forward with a pleasant smile and explained himself. *' It is no manner of use, Trenoweth ; we're fated to meet. You did not expect to see me here in this get up, but I learnt laBt nightyou were on board. You look as though you had seen a ghost! Don't stare so, man — I should say 'sir ' now, I suppose— If s only another of fortune's rubs. I fell ill after that journey to the Peak,. and although Bailton nursed me I like a woman— he's a good fellow, Rail j ton, and not as rough as you would expect ;? — I woke up out of my fever at last to find all the money gone. I'm a fellow of resource, Trenoweth, so I hit on the idea of working my passage home ; by good luck found the Belle Fortune was short of handB, offered my services, was ac cepted— having been to sea before, you know— sold my old clothes for this cos tume — must dress when one is acting a part — and here I am.' ' 'Is Bailton with you ¥ I asked. ' ' Oh, yes, similarly attired. I did not see you yesterday, being busy with the cargo, so that it's all the more pleasant to meet here. But work is the order of the day now. Youil give me a good character to the captain, won't you ? Good-bye for the present.' fC 1 cannot tell how much this meeting has depressed me. Certainly I have no reason for disbelieving the man's story, but the frequency and strangeness of our meetings make it hard to believe them altogether accidental. I saw Bailton in the afternoon ; he is greatly altered for the worse, and I should think had been drink ing heavily before he shipped ; but the captain was evidently too short of hands to be particular. I think I will give the Coccanens my tin box to hide in their cabin. Of course I can trust them, and this will baffle theft : the clasp I will wear about me. This is a happy idea ; I will go to their cabin now and ask them. Ifc is 9.30 p.m , and the wind is still fair, I believe. ' July 20. — We have so far kept np an average speed of seven and a half knots an hour, and Captain Holding thinks we ehall make even better sailing when the hands are more accustomed to their work. I spend my time mostly with the Con canens — who readily, by the way, under took the care of my tin box — and find them the most agreeable of fellow travellers. Mrs. Concanen has a very sweet voice, and her husband has learnt to accompany it on the guitar, so thab altogether we spend very pleasant even ings. ' July 21, 22, 23.— The weather is still beautiful, and the breeze steady. Last night, at about 6 in the evening, it freshened up, and we ran all night under reefed topsails in expectation of a s qual; but nothing came of it. I trust the wind will last, not only because it brings me nearer home, but also because without it the heat would be intolerable. The men tion of home leads me to say that Mrs. Concanen was most sympathetic when I spoke of Margery. It is good to be able to talk of my wife to this kind creature, and she is so devoted to her husband that she plainly finds it easy to sympathise. They are a most happy couple. ' July 24 — Our voyage, hitherto so prosperous, has been marred to-day by a sad accident. Mr. Wilkins, the mate, waa standing almost directly under the main mast at about 4.30 this afternoon, when Railton, who was aloft, let slip a block, which descended on the mate's head, striking it with fear ful force and killing him instantly. He was an honest, kindly man, to judge from the little I have seen of him, and, as Captain Holding assures me, an ex- . cellent navigator. Poor Bailton was dreadfully upset by the effects of his clumsiness ; although I dislike the man I have not the heart to blame Trim when I eee the contrition upon his face. ' July 25, midnight. — We buried Wilkins to-day. Captain Holding read the burial service, and was much affected, for Wilkins was a great friend of his ; we then lowered the body into the sea. I spent the evening with the Concanens, the captain being on deck and too de pressed to receive consolation. Nor was it much better with us in the cabin. Although we tried to talk we were all depressed and melancholy, and I retired, earlier than usual to write my journal. ' July 26 to August 4. — There has been nothing to record. The wind has been fair as yet throughout, though it dropped yesterday (August 3), and we lay for some hours in a dead calm. We have recovered our spirits altogether by this tune. ' August 5.— One of our hands, Grif. fithp, fell overboard today and was drowned. He and Colliver were out upon the foreyard when Griffiths slipped, and missing the deck fell clear Into the sea, The captain was below at the time, bat rushed upon deck on hearing Colliver's alarm of * Man overboard !' It was too late, however. The vessel was making eight knots an hour at the time, and although it was immediately pat about, there was not the slightest hope of finding the poor fellow. Indeed, we sever -saw- him again.' At tins point the journal becomes strangely meagre, consisting almost entirely of disconnected jottings about the weather, while here and there occurs merely a date with the latitude and longi tude entered opposite. Only two entries seem of any importance ', one of August 20 noting that they had doubled the Cape, and a second written two days later and running as follows : — 'Aognst 22. — Dr. Concanen came , Into my cabin early this morning and told me that his wife had just given birth to a son. He seemed prodigiously elated, and I congratulated Trim heartily, as thia is the first child born to them. He stayed but a moment or so with me, and then went back to attend to his wife. I spent most of the day on deck with Captain Holding, who is unceasingly vigilant now. Wind continues steadily S.E.' After this the record la again scanty, but among less important entries we found the following : — 'August 29.— Mrs. Concanen rapidly recovering. The child is a fine boy ; sOj at least, the doctor says, though I con fess I should have thought it rather small. However, it seems able to cry lustily. 'September 6. — Sighted Ascension Island. 'September 8, 9. — Wind dropping off and heat positively stifling. A curious circumstance occurred to- day (the 9th), which shows that I did well to be careful of my journal. I was sitting on deck with the Concanens, beneath an awning which the doctor has rigged up to protect us from the heat, when our supply of to bacco ran short. As I was descending for more I met Colliver coming out of my cabin. He was rather disconcerted at seeing me, but invented some trivial excuse about fetching a thermometer which Captain Holding had lent me. I am confident now that he was on the look out for my papers, the more so as I had myself restored the thermometer to the captain's cabin two days ago. It is lucky that I confided my papers to the Concanens. As for Bailton, the hangdog look on that man's face has increased with his travels. He seems quite unable to meet my eye, and returns short, surly answers if questioned. I cannot think his dejection is solely due to poor Wilkins's death, for I noticed something very like it on the outward voyage.' Here follow a few jottings on weather and speed, which latter— with the ex ception of five days during which the vessel 'lay becalmed — seems to have been very satisfactory. On the 17th they caught a light breeze from north-east, and on the 19th passad Cape Verde. Soon after this the journal becomes connected again, and so continues. 'September 24.— Just after daybreak went on deck, and found Captain Hold ing already there. This man seems posi tively to require no sleep. Since Wilkins's death he has managed the navigation almost entirely alone. He seemed un usually grave this morning, and told me that four of the hands had been taken ill during the night with violent attacks of vomitiDg, and were lying below in great danger. He had not seen the doctor yet, but suspected that something ?was wrong with the food. At this point the doctor joined us and took the captain aside. They conversed earnestly for about three minutes, and presently I heard the ' captain exclaiming hi a louder tone, ' Well, doctor, of course you know best, but I can't believe it for all that.' Shortly after thedoctor went below- again to look after bis patients. He was very silent when vr% met again at dinner, anu I have not seen him since. (To be continued.) 