THE AUSTRALIAN CLERGY. TO THE EDITOB. our— Will yon allow one who, however he may fail of his object, desires to be of use to speak of the position of the Australian clergy —a Bubiect which vour nnblication nf the itsv. Mr. Dodds s views has brought to the front ? With Mr. Dodds, I agree that both the people and the Church are to blame. It may be that such an opinion ia not popular ; but one of the chief lessons of history is that it is only by unpopular utterances that the real bearings of affairs can ba ascertained. Putting aside at present the divine mis sion of the Church, which is confessedly to lead the human race to truth which frees, it is obvious that if the Church is to work among, men at all, it must take some organized shape and employ servant?, whese duties ought to be well defined and fairly allotted. ThiB is the only method upon which professional, educa tional, or commercial labours can be brought to Enccesflful issue. No large business could possibly be carried on where one and the same man is obliged to show and sell the goods, keep the accounts, watch the markets, study the popular taste, bay the stock, deliver the purchases, listen to the com plaints, dreBS the windoro, open and shut the shop. And yet this is very much what the masa of Church people require of their clergy, and that is where their side of the blame rests. The blame which attaches to the Church is that it does not steadily refaso to accede to Been exorbitant demands aad pro tect its servants from them. Thosa servants have to accede, some of them because they, too, must live, some- of them Decause they hope against hope that by endeavouring in socce measure to eatisty these demands ihey may get a portion at least of their higher and more distinctive work done. I know there are laymen who deplore this state of things as much aa we do, and who labour zealously to amend them, and to be helpful. Bat I appeal confidently to any clergyman's experience as to whether such laymen are few or many. I believe the whole present unsatisfactory condition of Church matters in Australia is easily capable of amendment. Let both sides be firm in do!r-g their respective duty; the laity in making division of labour among the clergy possible by duly supporting a proper and snfncierjt working staff, the Church bv in sisting that suoh division of labour shall be maintained, and refuging to allow its servants to be degraded into mere clerioal Jacksofall tradea. Some recently published views of a well-known Sydney clergyman plainly Bhow the defects of our present system. I have prepared (aB I am sure he would permit) a ahcit condensation of his remarks, which, Sir, if your space and courtesy permit to be inserted, would possibly be helpful to en courage those who lament the ' discredit of this state of things' to wiser action in the future. ' What is expected of a clergyman? He must preach well and powerfully or the people will stay away from Church. He must Bpend his days in visiting or offence will quickly be taken. He mast be well acquainted with current literature and events, or he will be spoken of as behind the times. He must deal sympathetically and wisely with the sick and the dyin?, and] with those in trouble, or he will be held a failure, fie must be fairly musical, or the services will be voted dull. He must;, be always ready at all hours to eee those who call on him, and be equally prepared to start off at a moment's notice if sent for, or he neglects his duty. He must have clubs, Bible clasaeB, Sunday-school in first-rate working order, or they will say^ he lets everything drop. Furthermore it is useful, if not neaessary, tbat the clergyman should have some ex perience in arranging concerts and entertain ments and bazaars. Such is the manifold work required of the modern parish priest, and the. more imperatively demanded by those who are the least forward in rendering any assistance. Straw or no straw the clergy man must not be behindhand with his ' tale of bucks.' It comes to this, the poor man is expected to do, or at least to effectually eet done, the whole work of the parish, and to do everything welL No allowance is to be made for the fact that one man's gifts tend in one direction, another's in another. If th8 various branches of Church work are not jointly and severally done well certain members of the congregation consider *hemaelve8 justly entitled to complain, and complaint is an infectious disease. The consequence is briefly this. The clergy man, after all a human being, grows wearied and discouraged by a constant eense of failure. As a modern author puts it, there are to be found in most Churches nowadays ' one solitary watchman whose business it is to cry oat from time to time that all is sot well. ' Seriously, are good results under such conditions to be expected ? Is there any. other profession under the sun wherein are to be frund men who even attempt under such conditions to attain them ? ? lam. Sir, &c.;, JOHN W. OWEN. ; St. Paul's; September 6. ' No, thank you, stranger,' said the gentle man from Dakota aa the car porter offered him the dreBEiug-roora comb, I never coald pl;-y on one of them things. I ain't what you'd call musical, an' my moustache ever lastingly tears the paper.' \- No generous man would go to a spiritual seance given by a lady medium, and as the Gfrost is walking about, while tbe medium is tied in the cabinet, exclaim, ' There's a rat right by tbe. ghost L' It spoils the effect to have the ghost cry oat and gather up its skirts 