Another Victim. There are some who think the printer's life is a happy one, his path strewn with the prover- bial roses, and all he has to do is just to set type and print what comes along. We guess they make a mistake A month or two ago we received a letter accompanied by a poem, entitled—"Only a pansy blossom," and out of regard for the feelings of our readers we refrained from printing. The result has been communicated to us this week in the shape of the with- drawal of the poet's (?) subscription. Com-- ment is needless, but feeling we may have been biassed, we offer this delectable literary viand in its virgin freshness to the apprecia- ting talent of a discerning public. Only a pansy blossom, All withered and faded away, And yet some very sad mem'ries Round that dear pansy lay. From a dear little girl I got it, She was only sweet sixteen, Yet she knew more about courting at Her age than any other girl I've seen. She commenced her courting early, But she sometimes did it late, For oft I have whistled her out of bed And down to her father's white gate. Or climb on top of the gate post And walk the rails along, And she was sure ma couldn't hear She'd stand up and sing us a song. That is coming it strong. Another one like that and we could take a through ticket to Parkside. Phew, that gate post biz has made us perspire. Who the dickens wrote that first verse, we have seen it somewhere. We consider that's the whole of the poem. But, great Caesars ghost, the rest! It's a con- joint affair. Its written on a young woman no- thing to do with a defunct pansy blossom but he ought to have labelled it. Courted better than any other girl, and that's what he calls a sad memory. Good luck! Fancy whistling a yonng lady out of bed and down to her father's white gate No stop of any kind; didn't even stop to dress herself. What would Darwin have said if he'd have seen her climbing that post in the night and warbling, "I would I were a bird!" We guess it would have puzzled him, and "walk ing the rails along," what the deuce does that mean? Bah, we think she was a bad egg, anyhow; it's a pity her ma didn't hear her singing in that airy costume. No won- der the author was inspired by the muse (or thought he was). Well if he takes our ad- vise he'll give up that whistling craze of his, and leave those ethereal young ladies alone, or he may get into trouble. "I do not say," remarked Mr Brown "that Jones is a thief, but I do say that if his farm joined mine I would not try to keep sheep." 