movcHst. 4 CHARMING LOVE STORY OF IN \- TENSE AND THRILLING INTEREST. By LAURA. JEAN LIBBEY. CHAPTER XXX'Vir. A STRUGGLE IS HIE DEAD HOUR OF THE It was the most intense moment of Inez Clavering’s eventful life. Guy Livingston liad turned and left her with those terrible words on his lips—left her standing alone, speechless, powerless, spellbound, in the chill, blue night. Round her the wind wnsVhining and blustering. Overhead the stars wore burning golden. The burnished clouds had gone. No sign of any human figure— man or ghost—was near. Only the iir trees stretfching down the desolate avenue, and nt the far end, in the dimness, the high, white moon shining' over the sleeping With a weird cry, Inez sprang forward. Rover, no, never would she lend herself to such a scheme as Livingstouo proposed. She had not sunk so low as that. She would warn Max Forrester. She moved forward quickly toward the house, but in her excitement turned aside from the path. Her foot caught in the entangling vines, and she was thrown violently Oh her face, where she lay motionless, like one striken dead. An hour passed by, and in accordance with liispromise, Guy Livingston returned; but, much to his surprise and anger, Inez Clavering was not there. He did not see the unconscious figure that lay so white and cold in the dense shadow of the firs. “She is not here,” he muttered, with a fierce imprecation. “By that I am to understand slio will not aid mo in this scheme. Would she dare betray me to Forrester?” bo mused, with darkened brow. “ There’s no trusting a woman in an affair of this kind. But it’s a golden bit of luck that occui'3 to a fellow only onco in a lifetime. No one shall stand between me and the contents of that Again he turned on his heel, and cau tiously approached the house. All was silent within. Without there was only the sound of the night, wind Stir ling the leaves, and the distant chiming of some far-off clock striking the hour of cloven. There was a light in Max Forrester’s room. He must wait a little. It was quite an hour before tho house was wrapped in a mantle of darkness, and quiet rcigtfed. Then Livingstone, the trusted servant, took a latch-key from his pocket, inserted it in the lock, and the outer door swung noiselessly back on its Stealthily he crossed tho dark, shadowy Corridors, until he stood before the door of the small parlor connected with Mr. For rester's sleeping apartment, and in which was the iron safe. It was securely fastened from the inside, and very deliberately the midnight mar auder s :t to work to unfasten it. At last ho stood within the room. 'Heavy velvet curtains shut out the gleam of the dark lantern he carried from the sleeping occupant of the chamber be yond. It was a long and laborious work open ing the iron safe, for the combination of tho lock, as he had understood it, seemed incorrect. Other means had to bo re sorted to, and great caution exercised. The clock in an adjacent tower struck one just as the heavy iron door flew back noiselessly on its hinges. . j The first drawer, which was rifled in a j single moment, contained only a broken j flower, a small kid-glove, a woman’s pic- j ture, set in a ruperb pearl and ebony I frame, and aJock of golden hair. I Livingston tossed tliemasidcand opened 1 the next. A quantity of papers and other documents where here, of valuo to the owner only. Patiently, one by one, each spectacle was gone through ; but the large paoknge of bank notes, the bag of gold and the Forrester diamonds, which were known to bo kept hero, were not to be found; a mut tured imprecation burst from his lips. Had Inez Clavering betrayed him 1 And how had they been . removed ? If so, how did ho know who might be i watching him from the dark, shadowy corners V He gave a guilty start, glancing fear fully around him, but no form sprang out from the dark shadows ; reassured, lie began his search anew, thinking that lie had probably over-looked it in his . This happened to be the case. In one of the small compartments to the left he found the coveted prize. \- In an instant he had grasped the large package of bank-notes. Hark! What was that sound? Still clutching liis booty, he leaned breathlessly forward, peering into the darkness beyond, then cautiously drew the slido from the dark lantern, flashing its rays on the velvet curtain that separated Max For rester’s sleeping apartment. No face peered forth from them. He was safe enough from that quarter. None of the servants were likely to be prowling about at that hour. Very intently ho listened. Was it only his fancy, or was tho sound repeated again ? So like a hushed moan of terrible pain, and a soft, rustling swish, as of some thing being dragged ovcr.the velvet car pet—nearer, nearer. ‘‘ What a fool I nm to imagine such nonsenso !” ho muttered, turning to the window to throw it open with one hand holding the package of notes .in the other ; but again lie paused, listening in Tho strange sound was more distinct. He could feel, intuitively, another's pres ence in the room. Leaving tho midnight intruder in this position for a few moments, wc will return to Inez Clavering, whom we left lying unconscious in the dim shadow of the For long hours she lay there, with the night dew falling on her face and on her long dark curling hair. Then slowly tho bewildered oyos “Where am I?" How came I hero? And what is the matter with mo?” she moaned, pressing her hands to lies throb bing temples. Like a flash, suspended memory re turned to her, and all that had happened forced its way through her bewildered IIow long had she been there uncon scious? Was it midnight yet? Had Livingston come, and, not finding her there, put his terrible threat into exe cution ? As these thoughts flashed through her brain the clock in tho adjacent steeple struck “ one.” With a desperate cry, she tried to raise herself to her feet, but tho excruciat ing pain of the effect almost made her swoon. “I will rotrinvo tho past by at "least one good action,” she murmured, trying to drag herself toward tho house. Only Heaven knew howsheaccomplished it, the pain was so intense. Only the sup pressed moans that came from the whito lips now and then releaved her terrible With bated breath sho crept past the library, across the long, dim corridors, to the room whore little Flo lay, dreaming in all her childish innocence upon her little whito bed. Striving with mighty effort to over come the swooning dizziness that threat ened to overcome her. step by step she made her way through the child’s room, guided by the dim moonlight, to the door of the little parlor beyond which com municated with Max Forrester’s apart She meant to knock upon it, arouse him, and warn him of tho attempt at robbery which was to be mado that night. As she touched the door, to her terror and dismay it yielded to the slight pressure. He must'have been there before her. Great God! had the robbery already taken place ? As sho crossed tho threshold a sight met her gaze that froze the blood in lu;r viens, and made her heart stop almost beating. She saw tho safe door standing open and the figure of a man kneeling before it. The light from a chink in the dark lan tern fell upon his hands, and in ono of them she saw a large package of bank-notes Max Forrester had but that day drawn from the Bank of England. She fried to scream out—to utter awild, piercing cry, but the sound died away in her throat. Sho clung to tho casement, her strang ling breath .coming and going in fitful ' A desperate resolution camo to her. The,power of speech seemed to have left her, but she would make her, way to where the man stood and‘grapple with him. Tho noise of- tho scrufflo would arouse Max Forrester, and she might pre vent the robbery at tho last moment, per Slowly she dropped on her knees, drag ging herself Blowly, softly, despito her horrible pain, toward the man kneeling be fore the s»fe. One moment more, and she would be so near him she could clutch tho hand that held the notes ; then nothing but death should break her hold. 