TRANSFORMED. 5Y0 ELLA CIEEVER GOODW'LW. " Then you are not acquainted with Celial" eaid Dexter, disappointed. A shade passed over his face. '. No, L am not acquainted with Celia Ad. dington. I have not seen her since she was a child." aeplied he, in a-low tone. '"Butyou saw her then I" cried Dexter, with joy at this-new bond between them. "You will be interested to know how lovely she is now, and will let me talk to you about her, will you not ? She willseem nearer to me, and ndt so utterly lost, if I may." " Yes, yes !s" Eid Mr. Ellison, eagerly. "Tell me all you know of her!" Then he looked ecarchingly at him, and suddenly held Sout his hand, and said earnestly, ' You love her. 1 will do all in my power to help you unravel the mystery that separates you. Dexter pressed his hand warmly, and found, some way, a little comfort in the words. As Mr. Ellison did not explainforther in regard to his acquaintance with Jerome Addington, Dexter forebore to question him. But after this the talk between them. was always of Celia. The elder man seamed never weary of listening, any more than the younger was of talking. But neither could find a clue to the enigma of her strange de Cision, "I do not believe the reason is a real one, though she, poor child, believes it to be," Mr. Ellison said many times. "It is rdme thing he has made her think-though what or why-" And here he would fall into a reverie, and a dark frown would come over his face. He advised Dexter, however, to ascertain Mr. Addington's whereabouts, if possible; and, although the young man could see no good whioh would result if he learned them, since Celia had declared her resolve unalterable, he finally wrote to his father, requesting him to find out where the Addingtons had gone it he could, or any guide to their present abode. Having despatched this letter, he grew so im patient for a reply that he could hardly wait the necessary interval. As little hope as there seemed in any event the fact of knowing just where Celia was would bring her a triflo nearer to him, since it was better than nothing to be certain of her whereabouts. He was doomed to disap. pointment, however. His father replied promptly, and stated that he had found and questioned Mr. Addington's lawyer, but that he said he was unacquainted with his former client's present place of residence; that he had at first gone to New York, but had after ward moved from that city, since when all business relations had ceased between them. Mr. Hartwick added to his own opinion that the lawyer's manner was evasive, and that it was evident Mr. Addington, for some rea son, did not wish it generally known where he had gone. Dexter took this letter rather gloomily to his friend. "As I thought," the latter remarked, when he had read it, "Jerome Addington fears you, and has taken precautions to prevent your following him, should you wish to do so." HI is determined to keep you and Celia apart, Bit do not be discouraged, my dear boy, We will find him out yet." ,'But how ?" asked Dexter. Mr. Ellison reflected. "I think I will write to this lawyer," he re plied, at length. "It is probable Mr. Ad. dington's instructions related particularly to those who might have any ernnection with you. If I, a stranger from a distant city, write to him, I may obtain some informa. tion." ,"And it you do ascertain where she is' what then 2" asked Dexter, wistfully. Mgr. Ellison laid his hand on his shoulder as he responded kindly: "We will be guided by circumstancas. I have a plan which I will disclose when the proper time shall come. Until we- have tried do not despair." His assured manner made Dexter feel' a little hopeful. "How can I ever repay you if you should be the means of giving my darling back to me?" he cried with' an outburst of feel ing. Mr. Ellison replied only by an enigmatical look which Dexter could not fathom. Yet it some way seemed to add to his confidence in his new friend's power. The letter was written at once, and Dexter had just dropped it into a post- office box, and was about to cross the street, when his.heart suddenly stood still, then beat again in heavy thumps. For, walking slowly along on the opposite aide of the street, he saw Mr. Ad diogton and Celial Neither observed him, and Dexter gaszed again on that dear face from which the former woarm color had gone, and could see how melancholy had changed places with the old .mischievousness in her dark eyes. A.orre's head in close proximity to his own roused him to a sense of his environ. mente, and, stopping not to hear the curses of the driver, Dexter rushed across the street, and followed on after Celia and Mr. Adding ton, keeping, however, at a safe and cautious distance. His heart bled at the ravages the past few months had made upon her he loved so well, and notwithstanding the air of devotion which was apparent in Mr. Ad dington, Dexter felt hatred toward him as the caune. But he was surprised at catching a look of questioning fear upon Celia's face once when she turned it toward Mr. Addington. He had never before seen anything but conf. dence and affection in her regard. What could it mean ? Was it a sequence of the mystery ? He followed them until they turned, into a side street, then stood at the corner long enough to mark the house' at which they entered; after which he hurried back to Mr. Dllison'splace of business, and hurriedly and somewhat ineoherehtly informed him of what had happened. Mr. Ellison's excitement was as great as his own, but he calmed himself with an effort. "Fortune has favored you, my boy," he said, with a tender lingering upon the last two words. " Now will you trust me and take my advice ?" " Yes," was Dexter's eager reply. "Then go-the.sooner the better-and de. mand of Mr. Addington, as your right, a reason for Celia's abrupt dismissal of the man whom she promised to marry. "I will," said Dexter, firmly. "Good. I will go with you," "You ?" surprised.. ' Yes. I think I may have some influence with Jerome Addington." Dexter felt a strength at this assurance which he had not before, although he under. stood so little what he meant. That afternoon they both stood together at the door of the present home of Celia. An elderly woman answered their ring, whose face indicated suspicion and ill temper. She had been selected to take old Margaret's place for these very coeraeteristies, probably, thought Detter. She eyed them sullenly as she informed them that Mr. Addington was out. " We will go in and wait until he returns," said Dexter, quietly, and pushed his way by her through the half open door. Mr. Ellison followed, and they both stepped into the parlor. "Well," snarled the woman, entering after them, "perhaps I'd better send for a police. man. You came into the house more like thieves than honest men. I tell you my master is out, and I don't know when he will be in." " You ann watch us, if you are afraid of our stealing anything," said Dexter. "But we intend to wait hero until Mr. Addington returns." " What's your business ?" she demanded. "Our business is with Mr. Addington," said Mr. Ellison, calmly. The woman glared at them, muttering something, then flounced out and left them. The two men cxehanged a look, but neither spoke. Dexter leaned against the piano, and Mr. Ellison, alter walking about nervously, seated himself in a low chair in a corner where he happened to stop. He ,had hardly done so when Mr. Addington stepped in at the door and stopped on the threshold, his face paling as his eyes fell on Dexter. "The back of a large arm-chair screened Mr. Elli son from his view. "It is you, then, is it ?" said Mr. Adding ton, as soon as he could recover himself enough to speak. Then he carefully closed the door, and, standing before it with folded arms, fixed upon Dexter a look of uidisguised hate, as he went on: '"You have come to porsecute my niece,I suppose. It is manly to follow and annoy a helpless girl I Bnt you will find it is I with whom you will have to deal, not her." " I have not come with the purpose of per. seeuting any one," returned Dexter, steadily, and not shrinking under the gaze of the other. " It was accident alone which brought to my Imowledge the fact of your presence in this city. But I am not satified to be dis missed as I have bean without the least ex planation. I know Celia loved meeven when she sent me away. -For her sake-to spare her pain-I went. But of you I demand the reason which caused her to do as she did. I am not willing to' submit without knowing all, because the happiness of my life is in voived." Mr. Addiangton regarded him intently with. our answering, and appeared to be debating within himself. Finally he asked, "Will you be satisfied and leave us alone if I give you a full explanation 1" "If the facts justify it." As Mr. Addington was about to respond, the door behind him was pushed gently open. "Do not come in," he cried, abruptly, but too late. Celia had seen Dexter, and leaned against the door pals and trembling. There was anguish and reproach in the eyes she allowed to rest on those of her lover. He, no less moved, had difficulty in roetraining himself from going to her and clasping her in his arms. Mr. Addington stood irre?olute, gnaw. ing his fingers. No one noticed Ellison, who still remained concealed behind the chair in his accidental seclusion. Celts was the first to break the silence. "It was cruel to us both to come, Dexter," said she, piteonusly. " I told you there was no hope. Ah I why will you make it eo hard sohard?' Her voice broke and she burst into tears. At this Mr. Addington said'sternly, "You see, young man, the misery your pre sence causes. That this scene may not be repeated, I will accede to your demand. Celin, dear, he came to insist upon knowing everything, and I now think it best that he should." .BHis toue changed to gentleness as he ad dressed her. Endeavoring to suppress her sobs, she replied, "You wished the secret kept, and so, too did I. BDut I --I think he has a right to know." At this Mr. Addington turned again to Dax. ter. "It is a painful disolosure," he commenced with a harsh, grating sound in his tone; " I yield to its being drawn from me that she need be no longer troubled by your solicita tions. To be brief, my brother's wife, Celia's mother, died a victim to hereditary insanity, which for generations had never failed in itse prey. In a sane interval before her death she made me promise that her daughter should never mnarry, but that the curse might end with her. You know now'why.l tried to guard her by strict seclusion from the possibility of a love affair." Dexter stood mute with horror. He saw that Celia was right; that the barrier between them was indeed impassable; but worse even than that was the thought of such a fate hanging like a esuspended sword above the head of the womae he loved. IIe forgot Mr. Ellison, and everyrhing except that remorse less hand of destiny. - "You understand now, Dexter;how wrong wewere to love," said the plaintive voice oa Oelia. Her flace was hidden in her handker·. chief. A stillness followed the words. "Why have you told her this story, Jerome It was a strange voice to two there that broke the silence, and Celia looked'up st artled to see a gray head rising behind the large arm-chair. She gave a ory of surprise and fright, lut surely she had no reason to fear the look she met, which was kind almost to tenderness, and protecting. Dexter, recalled to a knowledge of Mr. Ellison's presence, looked at him wistfully, wondering what his words meant, but not daring to hope. Upon Mr. Addington the effect of this sudden ap parition of an unsuspected fourth in the in. terview was strangely marked. He started back, and then, as his eyes searched the face, recognition came into his own, and he a stared at him appalled, as if he had seen a ghost. "I see you remember me, although it is c many years since we have met, and I have changed much since then," said Mr. Ellicon, quietly. "I had not intended to' play the c listener here, but, as it so happened I took advantage of the circumstances. Had you faithfully discharged your trust, you would have had no reason to fear me as you do now." Mr. Addington had lost every particle of self-possession. He cast a fearful glance around, and his eyes were fall of anguish as they rested on the wondering Celia. " I thought you were dead long ago, Amos Ellison," he stammered. "Why have you dome to interfere now? Remember your - promise." " When her happiness is at stake, that pro mise is nothing," was the decided reply; and Mr. Ellison came and stood in the centre of the rqom. "Was not the sacrifice all for her welfare?" he continued. - "You have made it necessary that she Ehould know the truth now. Why you have done as you have, I do not know, unless it is for some reason so monstrous that I shrink from belieting it." \- Mr. Addington's head dropped, and the per spiration started out of his temples. Mr. Ellison turned from him to Celia, and con tinued in a different tone, " My child, will you try and think as kindly as possible of the revelations I have to make to you? Be prepared for agreat surprise. I must first say a few words about myself. I I have all my life been an unfortunate man. I grew discouraged finally, and after my dear wife died, rather than .allow my child to be involved in the fate which seemed mine, I gave her to another-a rich man who could rescue her from the life of toil she would have had with me, and give her the advantages I knew well I myself never could obtain for her. My own feelings I put aside for her sake, and bore patiently the sorrow of her loas. I Celia, you are that child, and I am your I father." Celia cast'a bewildered glance around, and I then something in her heart responded to the I appeal in Mr. Ellison'a'eyes, and she went to him. "I am glad you have come to me, my father," she said gently. Mr. Ellison's face was transfigured as he put I his arms round her. Something of the look [ was refected in Dexter's, who now seemed to see a glorious gleam of light breaking through I the clouds. All the truth dawned upon him, as it had not yet upon Celia. " I do not quite see how it all is," eue said, after a moment of silence. "You are my father-then you must be my uncle's bro thor !" She looked inquiringly at Mr. Addington, I but he did not speak or glance up. "Do you understand, dear?" said Mr. Ellison. "Mr. Addington is--" " Stop I" commanded Mr. Addington. The e pupils of his eyes dilated so that the whole I eye seemed black. "Let me be the one to tell her. That right I will have. Celia have I I ever been anything but kind to youe?" "Never-never, dear uncle," replied the I astonished girl. S"Then for the sake of the affection which I has ever existed between us, you can perhaps try and forgive the wrong I have done you- I yes, for I have done you wrong. -Listen, c Celia. Many years ago, when I was com. paritively a yourg man, I was deceived and betrayed by the womanI loved. Thiscaused a me to hate and despise the whole sex. Yet I c needed affection, and I took a fancy to take I some child and bring her up to be true and sincerg, as I believed other women were not. c Chance threw me in the way of your father, Celia, a struggling, half frantic man, and you 3 became mine. - "As years went on, you grew dearer and dearer to. me, as a child of my own might I have been. My love was pure and honest t then. Bst when youcame back from school, I and [ saw you in the beauty of your woman- I hood, and knew you to be all I had hoped, I my ideal woman, then, Celia, I remembered I was not your uncle, and loved ybn with a different love." At these words Celia shreank hack close to I her father, and covered her face with her I hands. She comprehended now the looks of I his which of late had surprised and frightened I her, and in her outraged feelings forgot for I the moment the shadow which his revelation t had roemoved. " I loved you, Celin, with the passionate love of a man who might have had the right had not you believed him- to be your uncle," went on Jerome Addington,while all listened intently, Mr. Ellison with pity, and Daxter with horror. "In my jealousy, I kept you eeClud:d, as I thought, from the chance of any lover, and I was already planniog to win you to regard me in a different light from what you did, when I discovered in one ter rible moment that my precautions had been in vain, and you loved. In my agony I r.I solved to separata you from him at all haz. ards; and I did. I meant, when your fancy for him had gone, as I hoped it would in time, to tell you the truth-that my brother's wife died insane, but was not your mother, and that I loved you." Involuntarily, Celia raised her eyep, shin. ihg with the gladness of the few words which had momentarily blotted cut all the others, to those of her lover, that responded with the same joy. Then she remembered Mr. Ad dington. A shadow erossed the brightness of her face. She hesitated, then she said, fal teringly, "Uncle-let me call you onoele.still, for 1 can never think o you otherwiseo-for the sake eo all that has been, I forgive you the suffering that you haves caused, and-and- pity you." '"My punishment is severe," he returned huskily. " Some timo- the remembrance of those words will comfort me, but noa- I can only remember that I have lost you. That is penance enough for a thousand heavier eins than mine. Try and think of me as I was. I leave you to those who have the right I have forfeited." Giving her a last look so full of wratched ness she never forgot it, he turned and went out of the room and out of her life forever. Tears came to-her eyes as she gazed after him, . "I have no uncle now," she murmured sadly. Then she throw her arms around Mr. Ellison's ncck. "Mut I have found a father !" "And I-am I nothing ?" asked Dexter. "You are my son now," said Mr. Ellison, and placed Celia's hand in his. She smiled through her tears, and her face flushed as itlhad not for many a day, asDex ter took her from her father's arms.and drew her'to his heart. The clouds which hung over them pa.sed away, and the bright ansun was shining. Several deaf persons in a Massaeohusetts rural community are circulating a petition praying the Logislgsure to give them a hear. Ing,. 