''V i 'A TIFF. \ 'It was their first serious one, for Mr. and Mrs. Dasso'n were a warmly attached couple, on whom two years bf matrimony had not palled, nor had the effect! of lessening their affection.- . Yet sweetest bells will' jangle sometimes, and the chords pf the hntnafl mind get out of tune. Mary, thei maid, began-the mis chief. .. She could riot.be induced to love cany rjsing, consequently the breakfnst was late. -Mr. Dasson, who had.an enj»ageraent, chafed at losing'a train, and 3Irsf Dasson rebelled against the blame being laid on ber. They-parted.in anger; hot words had been said, cruel reproaches; uttered; the rolls arid coffee left untouched; Mr. Dasson stalking out of the house without' his overcoat, and Mrs. Dasson flying upstairs to throw, herself on her bed and cry stormily tilt het head ached and her eyca were swoHen. ] ' 14 What a fright ij look !' shc! exclaimed, when,' an hour after., she. rose and caught sight of. her wan/tear-stained face la [the glass. ' My cousins Italked of calling this morning, but not fqr wiorlds would I let them see me in this state.' If I told Alary to say I am ill, they would insist on coming up Siiairs; and if they[, should suspect that Alfred and I have quarrelled; they would spread tbe news'far and wide. . What shall I do? I will go out,' she finally determined.* 'A long walk will relieve my head, .and I should feel fit for, nothing if I stayed at home. I am miserable. How could Alfred be so unkind 1' - ' | ?'.-?*?? This ejaculation was followed ' by- anotlicr burst of tears; but they flowed more quietly, and before they, were wiped away, Lela Dawson came ;to the conclusion that she had not been, so -free from fault as .-she had declared herself. Who could be more kind in general, or more forbearing than Alfred.? ' And ifaheThnd spoken irritably she could not ' deny tkAfc her! duty as a wife was sadlyignored when slie retorted in the same strain. ! L- But hc^ had said--and then liqr bosom heaved angrily as she repeated to herself his captions speeches.- IE she. had erred, he had been- unjust; and as fdr. Mary—-. Never had that culprit seen her young mistress look so stern as when sbetcanie down , stairs dressed for walking; never bsfore had Mrs. Dasson so sharply lectured her ( One phrase the lady murmured,*in faltering' accents, that filled -Mary wiih remorse, j. . 'Your, want of punctuality has caused me great unhappincss.' j Her voice choked by a sob, Mrs. Dasson walked quickly away?\ le'aving her hand maiden, i to whom [she; wak invariably kind arid consideracte, quite conscience stricken.* ? \' -'j ' ! 1 The park to which -Lela'directcd lier'steps ^was not an inviting! promenade, for ' the 'gravel wa3 sloppy with recent rain, and the shrubs half hidden by mist. However, she persevered in pacing tlie inost sheltered walks till good resolutions came to 'her* aid, and she could return home in a happier frame of mind!' ; , \ . 'Before doing so, however, she went to a Bon Afaratc at no great distante. She had just remembered tbatiAlfred was in'want of a new pair of slippers] She would buy' him the prettiest pair she could procure, and this gift should be her peace.offering when they met in the evening. | - A showily-dressed- .woman followed her into the department she visiteil, standing by her side while, she made: her selection, and turning oyer the slippers as if she were as sisting Mrs. DaSson infiier choice ; but when the. shoiunan chanced to be off guard, the horrified lady saw hecappropriate a pair of the most expensive ones. On seeing herself observed, -she droppedjher booty, and with a familiar nod walked away, saying,'— ' I'll wait for ycu outside.'- Itut ere] she reached tb? door an assistant, who liad wit nessed the theft, sprang forward and detained iier. ; L I'''.'.-' . After a struggle she was brongut back to the counter where Mrs. Dasson, terrified arid disgusted; was still standing, and to the horror arid dismay of the young wife, she heayd herself accusdjl as a confederate. ? Fortunately for herjthe proprietor, of the emporium was quickLy on the spot, and by him sbe^was recognised as a frequent cus tomer. Appeased b\' liis apologies, she would have paid for- her purchase and departed, but when she put her hand in her- pocket ber purse — Alfred's present on her birthday — was gone. - 4 The police* now made their appearance, the thief wa? searched, and Mrs. Dasaon's purs6 found upon lier.| Satisfied at? haviugjregaincd'posscs3U»n of it, she made another attempt to escape from a scene which she-rendered intolerably pain fuliby the howl3 and. protestations of the prisoner. But her eyidcricc was rsqilired ; she ' was the most important witness in the casjp, and in spite of her absolute refusal to prosecute, and extreme . rc: luctaucc to take anyjpart in the affair, she was compelled to yield to the xequirements of the law. I ; ? A cab was called, and;: much against her will, Mrs. Dasson wn s [driven -to the nearest police-court. It way crowded on that day ; some local rejoicing- had ended in a street row; and so many/ were the ri'oters; so. con- flicting the' testimonvj, that very faint and wea'rv did the .unwillipg witness become ere the shoplifter was place in the dock. ? / Tho painful ordeal of giving evidence 'against her was over at last, and Mrs. Dasson free to depart; but* as,: with the aid of a policeman, she was edging licr way* through the throng hanging about the doors, a few words reached ner that made her heart stand stiii. 44 The worst accident they've ever had ou that line,' one man wa.s saying to another. You sco' it happened just as the train was full of city gents going up to their offices. I did hear that there was ten dead aud no end of wounded.' j : ' ' ' 4- U it— is it tare ?' gasped Airs. Dasson to the policeman who was piloting her. ' 41 Aud where did it happen? 1 v -4\Vell, yes, ..mum, 1 I'm- atraid it's true, eriough! A collissiobj you know, some wheres between — ' aud ue named the s.'atipa from which her. husband travelled— 44 anil the next. Uappeuetl about nine-twenty, I reckon.' ' .- 40hi agony that it iraa to hear this ?— to be forced to tel/ hcrse f that i( her husband had gone earlier, as h 5 intended, he would have escaped. She h oked so ill that the fioliccman civilly offered to procure a cab nto which '.he agisted her, asking where ho should tell tlie cabman to drive; '4TJo the city,' was the reply. And, accordingly, tliither she was taken, trembling, weening, praying; now yielding tu despair,. and feeling convinced that she should llnd her husband at Boine hospital frightfully maimed ; now hoping he had escaped injury; but always halmted with a dread that ho was amangw tho killed, - And thoy had narted in nngorl She should never be able th express her patience and receive his pardon,-' How should she endure life if ho was taken from her, or how forgive heriolf If ho wero among Uiobc who would linger out a'! miserable existenco crushed; crippled? Hut tho cabraMH at tho door of the office, and a junior clerk, -catching night of a'pale, pretty face nt'tho window of the vuhlcle, officiously rushed out . to lutcrview its owner. . - - 1 Mr. Dasnon? ' llaluidn't been at the offico all duy. Heliovcd the (governor ha'l received a telegram— ! Lola fell back almost prostrated by this confirmation of her foaw.. Sho contrived to glvotlio now compassionate clerk her nddrcsa, and ho bad« tlm cabman tako htr to hor homo m quickly as pcsiUfiOf - . The door flew, open, aa abe tottered towards it, and Mary/appeared, he! apron at ' hereyeft ! -'Ob, ma'am, I'm so .thankfnl you've comei'-the girl sobbed. 'My poor master !' - ? - ; . ? She threw open the* dining-room door, and *-p there, his arms flung out on tho table, bis bead renting on them, sat Alfred Dasson, his hair dishevelled, his boot* muddy, his clothes drenched with the rain that for the last two or three hours bad been failing steadily.* The opening of the door arousedibim* ; bo sprang up, beheld Lela, who flew towards him, and they were rapturously clasped in each other's arms; and Mary closed the door ? upon them. Then he was safe — unhurt 1. Ob, Heaven, be thanked I But where had hebeen? Look ing for ber? Why, what was she to under stand from that? 'When I -left here,' ho explained, 'the .? rfirstthingl heard of was trie, accident that bad happened to the trdin I missed, njid someone fold, rac that poor Tompkins — you ? have often heard me spenk of him— was one * of the sufferers by it. So I helped to carry him to the nearest hospital, and then bnsfened to his wife— she was staying with friends at Kichmond— broke the news * as well as I couldi arid took h^r to him. Whiio thus employed, it struck, mri tbat :my own wife might hear an exaggerated account of the affair ; so I wired to! the city, excusing myself there, and c^ne home to find Mary in great distress. You had. gone out, she said, , looking' like .a ghost, arid1 accusing her of having ruined your happiness. You bad .. gone awaY as if you never meant to return, and I have been rushing from place to place ; eversince.I heard this to find my darling,' nnd ciftreat her to return to me.- I have but ' . just come home, so worn out with fatigue and misery tbat I could hold up no longer.' ' . Lela insisted on deferring her explanations till he had changed . tbe. wet ; garments in Which he was shivering. i i ? / Need we say tbat they were satisfactory, or*tbat--the anxious hours' spent by both husband and wife taught '? them /that in ' wedded life even V* a tiff ' should be care- / fully avoided ! 