THE CONSECRATION, The solemn dedication of the Cathedral to the public worship of God took place on Thursday week. In connection with the con- secration three services were performed, the first taking place at 8 a.m., when the Holy Communion was administered, and special prayers suitable to the occasion were used. The second service took place at ll o'clock in the morning, when the consecration ceremony was performed. Long before the hour, the congregation commenced to collect in the Cathedral, and by the time the second bell began to toll the only part of the build- ing which was not fairly well filled was the nave. The congregation was, therefore, a considerable one, and included not only the members of the Anglican Communion amongst whom were visitors from Fremantle and Guildford, but a large number of persons belonging to other religions denominations in this part of the colony. The congregation was therefore the largest that has ever taken part in a religious festival iu this colony, and worthy of such an important event in its history as the consecration of one of its chief chnrohes. As the bell ceased to toll, the Rt. Rev. H. H. Parry, D.D., Bishop of Perth, attended by his chaplain and registrar, and accompanied, by tho Most. Rev. A. Barry, D.D., Primate of Australia, and several members, of tho clergy, was received at the western ontranoe by the Dean and chapter, and officers of the church, the choir and clergy standing in a double line along the nave. Thore a petition for tho consecration of tho sacred edifice signed by Mr J. W. Hackett, people's churchwarden, and Mr. E. Sholl, diocesan registrar, was delivered to Bishop Parry who received it, and ordered it to be read, which was done by Mr Hackett, the congregation standing all the time. The petition having been read, the Bishop signi- fied his consent to consecrate the church according to the prayer therein contained. In accordance with ancient practice, the service opened with Psalm xxiv ("Lift up your heads, O, ye gates "), which was intoned in the nave of the church by the Primate and the choir and the clergy. At the conclusion of the Gloria Patri, a procession was formed in the following order The Vestry. Tho Choir. Rev. E. A.. Wood, curate of St. George's. Revs. T. Pritchard and T. Komm. Revs. C. E. Groser and E. S. Clairs. Revs. E. Williams and T. Friel. Rev. Canons Purnell and Louch. Rev. Canons Sweeting and Wilkins. Thc Archdeacon of Perth (Rev J. Brown). The Churchwardens. Tho Dean of Perth (Very Rev. F. Gold- smith). The Verger. The Bishop's Chaplain (Rev. J. Allen). The Bishop of Perth. The Primate's Chaplain (Rev. W. W. Johnson). The Primate. Led by the cornet, which was played by Mr. B. B. Burnside, the procession slowly marched up the aisle to tho Holy Table singing the processional hymn " Lift the strain o' high thanksgiving." The deeds of tho Church were then presented to the Bishop, which, together with the peti- tion were laid on the Holy table, after which tbe sentences were recited by the Primate and congregation, and were followed by a short exhortation and several, prayers by the Primate from the special service for the occasion. The choir and clergy then sang Psalm CXXII (" I was glad when they said unto me. "). Special intercessions were offered by the Bishop of Perth, who was accompanied by the clergy, at the font, for those who shall be baptized at the pulpit, for hearers ; at the chancel step, for those who shall be confirmed, and those who shall be married ; and at the altar, for communicants, alms-givers and worship- pers, the organist, Mr E A Letch, playing a soft voluntary as the procession moved to the different stations. The sentence of con- secration was then read by the registrar and signed by the Bishop who ordered it with the petition and other documents, to be duly recorded and registered in the diocesan registry. Bishop Parry then pronounced the following words :-" I declare this Cathedral Church of St George to be now consecrated and set apart to God for ever, in the name of tho Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, Amen." Morning Prayer was then said by the Dean, the proper Psalm appoint- ed for the service being Ps. lxxxiv, and the lessons being I Kings vii. SI.-viii. 12, am Heb. x. 19-26, which were read by Canon Sweeting and Archdeacon Brown, respec tively. Tho canticles were the Te Deum and tho Benedictus, and the hymus Nos. 395,215 CHURCH OF ENGLAND. and 296, and during tho service a prayer was said by the Bishop for the benefactors of the church. The sermon was preached by the Primate who took for his text Haggai ii. 3, 4, 7, and 8.-"Who is left among you that saw this house in her first glory ? and how do ye see it now ? Is it not in your eyes in com- parison of it as nothing ? Yet now be strong, O Zerubbabel, saith the Lord ; and be strong, O Joshua, son of Josedech, the high priest ; and be strong, all ye people of the land, saith the Lord, and work : for 1 am with you, saith the Lord of hosts : And I will shake all nations, and the desire of all nations shall come : and I will fill this house with glory,. saith the Lord of hosts. The silver is mine, and the gold is mine, saith the Lord of hosts." The address based on those verses was a most impressive one, and was listened to with much attention, but owing to some de- ficiency in the accoustic properties of tbe building, some portions of the sermon were not audible in all parts of the church. We intend, however, to publish the full text of the Primate's eloquent discourse in to- morrow's WEST AUSTRALIAN. After the conclusion of the service, and the congrega- tion had dispersed, the Primate, Bishop Parry, the clergy, and the vestry were photo- graphed at the north-western door of the Church by Mr J Manning, photographer. In the evening there was another crowded congregation, and the service, which was full choral, was admirably performed, the same stringed and other instruments assisting as in the morning. The Primate again preached. 