NEWS FROM YILGARN. THE NEW RUSH TO GOLDEN VALLEY. [By BENGALEE.] Barcooting, 28th Feb. 1888 Very likely by the time this reaches you the news of the deaths of the two unfortunate men that lost their lives trying to find Col- reavy's track is well known, and anything more of the sad topic will do no good. Euwin is almost deserted, and the rush is sat in on the south side of the lake. Men are rushing frantically about with tomahawks in their hand, pegging out protection areas in alll directions. The others are carrying water and rations across the Lake to the men pegging out. Every one is in a terrible hurry, and very mysterious. As yet, no one has got anything startling. At least I can speak for myself. I have certainly seen the colour of gold, but have not get even the ghost of a speck in anything I have tried myself. How- ever, there is a possible show of something good turning up. There are, at all events plenty of reefs showing. Colreavy appears to have filled up where he has been rooting about, with earth, and no one seems to have bothered their heads about his claim. There is a bit of a reef showing on his area, but I and others were unsuccessful in seeing any gold, visible to the eye, and we looked hard enough with out eyes and magni- fying glasses too. The main camp for the prospectors is Barcooting, a well of Mr. Lukin's, about 12 miles from the scene of pegging out, and 7 miles from Ennin. We are all camped about promis- counsly. The Newcastle Prospecting Com- pany, the Fremantle Prospecting Company and several Syndicates, are camped in a bunch. Tuckey and party are near the well, and other members of the different parties are somewhere roosting on their protection area in the Yilgarn Hills, I would write more, but I have to tackle the pestie and mortar and see if I can't thump out some gold, and like everyone else I am in a deuce of a hurry. Messrs. Macan and Risely, have started to sink a well near the scene of operations, and if there is any gold in the alluvial, may possibly come across something in sinking. The water here will not last long, but it is to be hoped that we will have some rain before long. If not, it will soon be a case of all hands having to clear out. The drought in Tasmania still continues. It is the longest known in the colony for twenty-five years. 