ECHOES OF THE DAY. FROM "OUR BOYS" AT HOME. Tim 307 mado against Yorkshire In tho second nmtch is not only a good score, but is a genuine confirmation of previous batting form. Bovcn of tho men cut into douhlo ficuren and ono into treble.- Of the other three two woro tho failures of the tour — Lyons niul Jnrvin. Tho performance confirms us in thn opinion Hint Shrewsbury in bis interview with our representative took nn alto gether erroneous view of tho batting strength of tlio team. No donbt tho Notting ham crack is himself about tho most accom plished Imtsninn in the world at tho ' present moment. This fact has, perhaps, led him to set up too high a standard. It ia truo thoy orn not all Shrewsbury or Graces, but that is no reason why limy arc as weak as they aro represented to bo by Shrewsbury, It is equally true time when they left ' hero they were regarded ns quite nn inferior team by all the best judges, but the conclusions to be arrived at on |>crFormaiicea era unavoidable. Tho Spaniards have a pro- verb to thn effect that a wine man sometimes changes his opinion, bub a fool never. With out claiming any particular degren of wisdom wo must confess to a ohangu of opinion an to , tho batting strength of tho sixth Australian Eleven. That change is based, not on fancy, hut on tacts. They have now concluded or commenced 25 innings against English teams, and altogether have scored 4-157 runs, for tho lo.»a of 202 wickets.' This gives thorn au average of 21.32 rims per wicket, .and though some of the opposing teams lmvn been weak in bowling others, luuo been strong. : Tliis performance wo contend Is, quite Miflleionfc to free thn team' from BU'picion of weakness in hatting. Compare it with what the English bntsmon have done ugafnst ' tho , Colonials. . If tho < Englishmen ' havo been nt times rather badly off for bowling, they Imvo almost .invariably played strong batting teams, ami yet what luw been the result? They have up to tho present tiino lost 2G0 wickets for 41GG' runs, wlnoh gives nn avcraco of 1GD2 runs per .. wicket, or -53 less than the Australian average.' Tlia fact is,' as wo have proviutisly . urged, though since tho nlwcnce of Joues, tho only really brilliant bMsmim are , . M'Woiumll and Bonuor there is really no "tail" ot consequenco. All llio others, with the exception of Jarvls and LyoiiB, who aro seemingly quite out ol form, hnvo scored moat ciiiBistcntly, and have rarely failed when wanted. "Though wo must allow that Shrews bury ought to fan a judge of tlio , game . wu cannot subscribe to his . '-opinion that against n representative English - Jilaveii: the Australians could not Imvo - a ghost of a show or -that 'Surrey would boat thnm throe times out of four. Such a condemnation-is altogether toojflweepiug and unfounded, us wo have no- donbto uvcntR'Will . provo." '' " Aii. to bowling, Shrewsbury ,:m1uiit tlmt Turner iiiul Ferris are tlio two best bowlers in the world on "sticky "-wickets, and he attempts to explain tho successes of the AuHtriiliaus by . a supposition that tho ivickot. have favored the bowlers, throughout. Nothing could be further from tho foot. In tho Lancashire mntoh, for instance, tho lioinc team went in on . a perfect wicket in fino weather, so it is recorded, and yet were 'disposed of for 98, though, there is not the in the tele grams tho slightest hint: of any thing like "stickiness." In thn second, inyings ' of the Lancashire team, also in -fine weather, Turner took -six wickets for 07, irad "" Ferris two for .30, so that it is .plain .they 'can bowl ou ' other tliau' "sticky" wickets. Against tho strong batting of tho Flayers tho Australian' bowling was also suf ficiently effective, for. the" professionals only sored 231, which was a long way from being a big score. Thgt match,. too, was played in fine, weather. ' ' In tho Nottingham match tho howling was not bo successful as it might have been, but still tho county total of 215 was not at all nn extraordinary ono. Theso aro tho tlireo matches which the Australians hnvo lost, and w« fancy from tho telegnufca it is plain that they wore mainly due, not to tho fniluvo of tho bowling, but to a temporary „ failure of tho batting owing to tho absence through sickness of Jones, tho absohce \- through injury of M'Donnell from two out of' the thrco matches, and the general "upset" produced by these two mis fortunes, This is a view of the case which is strengthened by tho fact that tho di sasters to the Australians, and their ap parently Inferior all-round play, commenced with tho announcement of Jones's illness, and ended with the rc-appenranco of M'DoimeU'a . namo among those playing. So tnuch explana tion was necessary in order to dissipate an unpleasant impression created by what wo cannot but regard as hasty and . ill- considered remarks mado by Shrews bury, Wo fancy that before tho tour is over lie will come to the conclusion that he took a very exaggerated view of the supposed in feriority of tho Australians. Returning to tlio Yorkshire return nmtcli, the scoro of the Australians, as wc have said, is not only large, but is of tho right sort, disclosing as it does, good njl-routul batting form. As in tlio previous match, Yorkshire would ho weakened by tho absence of Lord Hawko and Bates, but still they havo n strong eleven. Middloborough, who appears to have been u successful bowler, did uot play for the county Inst Reason, and must be a now man. In addi tion to him, the county has such bowler ns Peel, Harrison, Ulyett, J. Wilton, Preston and -others. The now u'ten in tho Australian Eleven con tinue to do weir with the bat. Turner, Ferris, Worrnll, Trott and Edwards all did good work in this innings. Ferris, though ho gucH in Into, manages generally to make a use ful contribution, and has a good many not out inuingH. Ho will come out with a very excel lent average, -and tho same may bo said of tho other uow mou, Lyons excepted. 