THE DEATH SHIP:' I A STRANGE STORY; I is JtfSWSS Of A A91SE IN THE SLYZNS I DSStiBfAS, m&3£mR9 Bits M S PAPERS OF SBfi LftffE BR. ffBgMBTREY FESSON, OF I POPLAR, II AST Hi HABXKBR. I BY W. Oeasc BUSSELL, I Aathai of c i&a; Wr»ek of the Gfosvenor,' The I Golden Hope, ' etc. I ClAPXEB XXL— VaNDERDHCXEN BxKISITS I Somm Treasure, I Whea Tegelaar left the cabin to relieve I Areals on deck, Vanderdeoken exhibited ft I disposition t» talk. He gently took I Imogene's chin in hie hand and ohided ber I very tenderly, yet without the slightest I quality of That we ihoald call pleasantness I in kit masner. For this would have brought I fain to some show of good humour, whereas, I never during the time I was thrown with I hisi did I see tbg least light er merriment I on bis face ; I say, ke ohided her, bat very I gently, for erying at the delay eaosed by the I storm, and exelaimed, motioning to me, I 'Here is a seaman. He will tell yon that I this is a stormy part of the oc8&n; and . that I at this season of the year we must look, for K gales from the north- west ; but he will also I know that these tempests are short-lived and I that a breeze from the east, north or south I mast carry us round the Gape as fairly as I oor helm controls us.' I 'Oh I thai is so indeed, Miss Dudley,1 said x, quicEiy, ana parting a meaning glance at I her. And wishing to change the subject 1 I west on : 1 Mynheer, when I was in your I cabin last night shifting myself, I noticed a I «eBB-sta_a. 'Twould be of no use to-day, the I son being blotted out. Failing an I okasrration, upon what method do you rely I fer knowing your position ?' I 'What else but the log ?' he exclaimed, 4 I I compote entirely by dead reckoning- The I rtafi hath often set me wide of the mark. I Tkileg fairly gives me my place on the I wa sard, and then there is the lead.1 I btwed by way of thanking him, for In I this direction I gathered by his retainer ft 8 I nosh &a; he conld have acquainted me with I 81 Jour's discourse; besides, the earnest I regard oi the pair of Bweet light eyeB I oppsBite reminded me that I must be very I Wafvrm ebowng myself inquisitive. i a Bve a 8barP oighe, air,' said Vander- I oetken, bus speaking without any Je'cenB8s, 4 to see that fore-staff in my I there was. What I else did you observe V I „ bm honestly, for I could imagine challenge to his wrath in answering, that I S!L86en s EPeahing trumpet, sand-glass, Wctoree, and the like. Bat as though ?Ine aew b"n better and desired to emeifl me, she instantly said, 0h, captain, " nofc you show Mr. Fenton the pictures of hi!??? and ohildren ? They will charm oka, I know.1 thlB> called Prina to bring the SrS8, 8ver ha< doubted this ship Ver!tabl0 flying Dutohman, the I on .i!sW.d have settled my misgivings I then » The material on -which. I aud iu6?6 Paintfld was oraoked in pieces, think i!? t!lneBB of a8® lay very gloomy and bent K um", ®hey were all. of a size, He tint £ iahes long and six inches broad, tae »;2B Tl hefcre me first, and watohed I Scon . ®roe eyes whilst I pored I Portia ?aJrt»ng. The picture was that oil thiE J2?y in a hlaok close- fitting cap, I «qmrfo>8,w» 'he besoms very Urge, a I Hatch t«f?ere hetvy woman of the trns I wtioet-w rouEd-fcced, not o&comely;, I How bS I8 'five and Iay years of age. I he a£!as dreseed I could not tell, but I they una 6u6 H16 f0m 'be elbows, anc I hcatelv «!. h&D2; were, mtthought, I d and exquisitely Ufe.like. I wSrif « Qf 8.irlB oi different I them Captain Yanderdeokea I UifciftrrKogemcpt with the tiutfeer, imagined Mi a Dudley to resemble I could , not c mceiye ; there was nothing in these darksome likenesses, albeit they represented I maidenhood and infancy, to suggest a resemblance to th9 EagUsh beauty of the fragile, large-eyed, gold-crowned face of Imogens Dudley ®h® 'hat was named Geerttnida was of a stj is that cam e close to good looks, eyes merry, dainty mouth, but cheeks too fat. Here was little Margsretha, for whom the piping swain had been purchased, peering at me with a half shy, half-wcndering look out of the dusky background, As I returned them one by one, the captain took them from me, lingering long eah, and making such comments as lis Johanna to the life 1' meaning his wife. What art is more wonderful than tirs of portrait painting ? Ko age is likely g beat our time. and no nation the Dutch. Hew alive is the eye here 1 Msthisks if I spoke angrily to her she would weep P or Yoa-will find this girl;' meaning Geertruida. a true sister, Imogens, homely, honest, and innocent, so fond of fun but yet so dufiful, that there ia no woman ia all Holland who would make a better wife,1 or Ah ! little one, thy father will be with thee ere long,1 stopping to kiss the painting of his daughter Margaretha. Prins stood by to reoeive the pictures, but Yanderdecken hung over this one for sonie minutes, falling moiionless, insomuch that I thought another one of his strange fits or trances had seized him ; and perfectly still for those moments were Miss Dudley and I, often glancing at each other as though both of us alike felt the prodigious significance imported info this spectacle of a father's love by the bellowing of the wind, and the long, yearning, sickening, broadside rushes of the ship, ruthlessly hurled back by the surge and storm into the deeper solitude of those waters whose confines she was never to pass. Now Arents left the table, sever having given ids, nor our talk, nor tha pictures, the smallest imaginable heed, . His going brought Vanderdeokeo back to life, so to speak ; and he handed the picture of his child to Prins, I looked at him, expecting — though God knows why — to see a tear. But whatever sensibility Heaven had permitted this man to retain did not appear in his face. Had it been cast in brass it oould not have been harder and more impenetrable. His eyes were full of their former passionate soernfol life and light. They made me think, supposing him to show now as he would have appeared at the time of his death, that he was one wbo would have met his end full of impatience, imperious rage, and savage decrial of the holy ordinances of Nature, But oh, the sadness, the sadness of the spectacle I had contemplated ! This tender perusal by a husband and father of the fialAoai) linodvncntic nf tsVirtm VIA iving, ay, and Etiil looking as they looked at him from the Canvas, but who had been dead so many years that time had perhaps erased the nameirem the stone that marked the onrlal place of the yonngdst of them all — ;he little Margaretha ! And how much longer would these portraits last, I asked myself. 'Twas certain by the evidences of decay in them, that they had not the vitality of the ship and of thoee who sailed her. What then ? The years would blot them out. Yet meroy he would surely deserve who loved his wife and children as this man did. And I still sometimes fondly hope that memcry may be permitted to s6rve him in lieu of his eyes, so that in gazing upon the time- blackened canvas he may as truly see with intellectual sight the facas of his dear ones as though they stood cut bright, freeh and life like as at the hour in which they were painted. All the, time I looked at these pictures I would notice Miss Dudley watching me, quickly averting her gaze when mice met hers. I ptifc down this scrutiny to her wish to gather my character, though I need not at this distance expeot to be reproached for my vanity if 1 say I thought that was not ber only reason for following me with ber eyes, 1 pray, yon qpneider the life she has led since the destruction of her father's ship -and the loss cf her parents ; how that she was now grown to be a woman; and how thatlwaB. not only a young but bright,' fair, merry- eyed sailor, her own coantryxnan, of the calling she loved for her father's sake, and the sweeter to her sight for breaking in upon: her mournful life and offering to snatch ber from the frightful companionship of the Death Ship's orew. But more of this anon. Whilst Prints was In the captain's cabui banging up the pictures, she exclaimed, 1 It is a dull and dreary clay. r How are we to kill the Time I1 . As the epoke the olook strdek, and the parrot, instead of using her custoniary ex- predion, laughed out lohdly, ; H» ! bal ha ! ; ' That bird,5 said I, ' seems to know what we are talking about. It is a pretty notion of hers to laugh at your inquiry when she sees how vainly old Death in the clock yonder stabs at time.1 This I spoke in English, 'What do yen say, mynheer?' demanded Yandetdjeaken, Oh, captain I' pxolaimed Mias Imogen®# as if ehs wea crryiag oa she sense of my remarks, could ws not prettily despatch an hour by looking as some cf the treasure you have below?' She laid her little white hand ca his, and pleaded with her eyes, 4 It will a treat to Mr. Feu ten to sea the fiae things you have, and I am still childish enough to love the sparkle of precious atones.' He turned to me and said, 4 Sir, I have no objection, but our countries are at war, and in case of your being transhipped I have to ask you on your honour as a gentleman and a seaman not to give information of the objdCi8 the lady desires me to show yoa.' I never before witnessed a finer dignity in any man's air than thae which ennobled him as he spoke. I gave him my assurance, feel ing that I cut but a mean figure iu my manner of answering af ler his own majestic and haughty aspect, and the rich and thrilling tones in which he had delivered him self, nor will I pretend that I was not moved at the vanity and idleness of the obligation of silence he imposed upon me, for whatever treasure he had would bs as safe in bis ship as on the saudy bed of the ssa, even though on my escaping I should go and apprise all the admirals in the world of its existence. He said no more, but, calling to Prins, ordered him to clear tbe table, bring pipes and tobacco, and then take some seamen with him into— as I understood— the half- deck, and bring up two chests of treasure, those which were lashed on the starboad side, close agsiast the bulkhead. The cloth was re moved, we lighted our pipes, and after we had waited some little while, PrinB, with severs! sailors, appeared, bearing among them two stout, apparently very heavy, chests, which they set down upon the cabin floor, taking care to secure them by lashings and seizings to the stancheons, so that they should not slip with the ship's lurches. The sallorB interested me so much that whilst they were with us, I looked only at them. It was not that there was anything in their faoas, if I except the dreadful pallor, or in their attire, to fix my attention ; It was that they were a part of the crew of this accursed ship, participators in the doom that Yanderdecken had brought upon her, mem bers of & ghostly band the liks of which it might never be permitted to mortal man to behold again. One had very deep- sunk eyes, which shone in their dark hollows with mnch of the fire that gave a power of terrifying to those of the captain. Another had a long, grizzly beard, over which his nose carved in a hook, his little eyes lay close against the top of his nose, and hair, that was wet with spray or rain, lay like new-gatbered seaweed down to pretty near hie shoulder- blades. This man's name, I afterwards heard, was Tjaart Van der V&ldt;, whilst be that had the glowing eyes was called Christopher Roostoff. Tkavf sail nmw4 nkftnl v«% (Via aAnllABCi AUV n" ««« »UWUU AU VAA flWUMUwO| mechanical way I was now used to, and, when they had set down the chests, Prins dismissed them with an injunction to stand by ready to take them below again. The oases were about three feet high, and ranging about five feet long ; they were heavily grit with iron bands, and padlocked with massive staples. Prins opened them and flung back the lids, and then, to be sure, I looked down upon the treasures, the like of which in quality, I'll not say quantity, in one Bingle ship, the holds of the Acapuloo galleons could alone rival, or the caves in which the old buccaneers hid their booty. Mies Dud ley, Beeisg me rise, left her seat and came to my side, Yanderdecken stepped around, and leaned against: the table, bis arms folded, and his bodj moving only with the rolling of the ship.- I should speedily grow tedious were I to be minute in my description of what I saw, yet I must venture a short way in this direction. In one box there were -fitted four trays, each tray divided into several com partments, and every compartment was filled with precious stones, set in rings, bracelets, bangles, and the like, and with golden ornaments, such as birds for the hair, brooches, neoblets, chains for wearing about the waist or neok, and other such things of prodigious value and beauty of device. I asked leave to examine some of these ob- jeote, and on picking them np, noticed that some were of a much more antique character , than others, insomuch that I said to Miss Imogene in Ettgiisb, 4 1 suspect thai much of tfae36 Splendours our friend will have collected at different periods.' She answered in our tongue, He can tell you what he purchased at Batavia, or what was consigned to him for delivery at Amsterdam, but his memory after that is & blank, and the last wreck he can recall, in which he found several quintals of silver and unmintedgold, Is the Yryheid, that he met— I cannot tell where — in a sinking condition,1 . , ' There is more treasure abroad than this ! cried I. - - x 4 Mnoh more !' she replied. Then to Vanderdeoken, who had fixed his eyes on me without moving his head, she said, I am telling Mr. Fenton that these chests represent but a handful nf the treasure in this ship. I am dazzled by what I eee, mynheer, said I, speaking whilst Prins raised tbe trays, disolosing many hundreds of guineas worth pf onunpeofi »b4 »ltww8» f I tort tfi va ue of one of these trays alone thi& should be my last voyage. ' Ay,', said he, there is much that Is Oe&utiful; here. Much thst will yield good sums. But a large nnmbsr of the articles in that ehest belong to a merchant ; there are likewise consignments, and my own share is but a , speculation.' The other ohest had but one tray, in which lay many golden crucifixes of different sizes, goblets, fi&gons;, candlesticks, all gold, whilst beneath were numbers of a kind of small bricks or bars of pewter, which Miss Imogens told me were gold that had been disguised in this way as a blind to the pirates. Iu addition were several great canvas bags, into which Prins, moving always as an automaton, thrust his hand, bringing forth different sorts of coins, such as rix dollars, ducaioons, ducats, Batavian rupees, Spanish dollars, and even schellings, worth no more than six stivers apiece. There is a pleasure in looking at bright and sparkling objects, at the beaniy of gold worked into strange or fantastic shapes, at jewels and stones in their multitude, gleam ing out in twenty colours at onoe. And had I een a picaroon or a woman, I could not have surveyed this collection with sharper delight, though I hops you will not suppose that I felt the buccaneer's thirst for the things. But when my glance went to Yan derdecken, all the shining seemed to die ont, and the richest of the jewels to lose its glory. _ I said to Miss Imogens, pointing, as I spoke, to the ohests, that Vanderdeoken might suppose we talked of the treasure in them. ' He does not appear to care a snap of a finger for what is there. If the sense of possession is dead in him, why should he take whatever he can find of jewels, gold or silver, from the 'ships in which he is fortunate enough to find snch things ?' 4 If year brain will not help you to snch matters, how should mine?' she replied, with a faint smile. ' The idea has never before ooonrred to me, hut be sure 'tis a part of his pnnishment. He may feel no ple&sure; in the peessssion of his wealth, yet he knows it is on board, and it may be intended to ren» ' der every gale that beats him back more and more bitter and hard by delaying him from carrying his oargo home. 1 This was shrewdly imagined, I thought, though it did not satisfy me, because, since 'twas sure that he had lost recollection of preceding gales, succeeding ones conld not gain in bitterness. In truth, we were afloat in a fearfal and astonishing Mystery, from which my eagerness to deliver -the stfeet and fragrant girl by my side grew keener with every look of hers that met min8, and with every glance I directed at the captain and around the ancient interior that time had sickened to the complexion of the death which worked this ship in the forms of men. Having satisfied me with a sight of these treasures, Yanderdecken ordered Prins to nave ine ouescs removea, sna we taen re turned to the table to smoke ont the tobacco that remained in our pipes. Chapter 5XII. — Imogene and I are Much Together. The storm blew with steady fnrv for six days, driving the tall fabric to leeward to a distance of many leagues every twenty-four hours, the course of the drift being, as I should suppose — for it was impossible to put much faith in the compasses— about south- ; east by east, the larboard tacks aboard and | the ships ( ratohing' nothing. It was so I continuous and heavy, this gale, that it began to breed a feeling of despair In me, for ; I felt that if such weather lasted many weeks it wou;d end in setting us so far south that we should be greatly out of the road taken by ships rounding the Gape, and so remote from the land, that should Yander decken desire to careen or water his veesel it would occupy us months to fetch the coast, so that- the prospsot of escaping with Mi eh Imogene grew small and gloomy. But Imogene was never in the least degree discomposed. She was so used to the ship that its movements were to her what the steadiness of dry land is to other women. She seldom came on deok, however. Indeed, the gus b and guns were often so fierce — coming along like thunderbolts through the gale itself — that anyone of them catching her gown might have carried her light figure -Overboard. .Moreover, twenty-four hours after the gale set in, it drew up thick as mud ; the horizon waB brought within reach of a musket«shoi ; and out of this thickness blew the rain, in straight lines, mixed with ths showering off the heads of the seas ; the sky hang steady, of the colour of slate— no part lighter or darker than another, but so low that it appeased as if a man could whip bis hand into it from onr masthead whenever those reeling spars came plumb, ' Ab it gave m8 no pleasure to linger en deck i« suoh weather, you may suppose that Miss Imogene and I were much together balow. Often a whole morning and after noon wocld pass without a soul entering the cabin where we sat. Whether Vander deoken was pleased that Imogene had a com panion — a fellow-countryman, with whom she conld converse, and so kill the time whioh he would suspect from her recent fit of weeping hung heavy on fier spirits ; or that, having himself long pasted those marks which time sets up as the boundaries of \- human passions, bo was noapabto of sus pecting that Imogene and I should fall;lii love as he clearly was of perceiving ti e passage of years ; 'tis certain he never ex hibited tbe smaBest displeasure when, per chance, he found us together, albeit once or twice on entering the cabin when we wera there he would ask Imogene abruptly, but never with the sternness his manner gathered when he addressed others, wbal our talk was about, as if he suspected I was inquiring about his ship and cargo ; though if, indeed, this was so, I don't doubt fch.e suspicion was put into his head byYm Vogelaar, who, I am sure, hated me aa much because T was an Englishman as because our panic-stricken men had fired upon him. It takes a man but a very short time to fall in love, though the relation of the thing, ; if the time foe very short, is often ques tioned as a possibility, sometimes hearti'y f laughed at aB an absurdity, when deliberately !j set down in writing. Why this should be I J do not know.- I could point to a good many | men married to women with whom they tell in love at a dance, or by seeing them in the street, or by catching sight of them :u i church, and tbe like. I have known a men to become passionately enamoured of a gl -'i by beholding ber picture. And what lavs Marlowe? — " j 4 Whoever loved that loved not at first eight? Depend upon it, when passion is of slew growth and cultivated painfully, yon may suspect a deficiency somewhere. Either the girl is not delightful of face and shape, and . f her virtues and good qualities are hard to r come at, or she is a tease and a coquetto, ! and in a manner of speaking puts her foot j down upon a man's heart and prevents the emotion there from Bhooting. There will i something wanting, something wrong, I sav. Association may indeed lengthily induct one into a habit of affection ; bnt the sort ot love I have in my mind springs like a yourg god into a man's intelligence from a maiden s eyeB, But whether this swift passion is moe lasting than the affeotion tint is formed by slower mental processes, and whioh of them is the safer to trust to, Ib no riddle for each as I to bother over. And in sober verity I am sorry to have been led into these remark s, which certainly should be omitted If they H were not necessary as an apology, j | For the tenth mast be told, and it is this; | That the very first morning I met Imogene I fell in love with her beauty, while the long days of the storm which threw-ns greatly together confirmed the first movement of my I heart by acquainting me with the extra I ordinary Bweetness, innocenos, gentleness, j and parity of her nature. These qualities, if unlike the enob anting hue and brightness ef | her eyes, the golden falls of her hair, and I her many other fairy graces, were not qniokly 1 discoverable, bat they stole out during our ;; many conversations— who that has been to sea knows not how speedily character Is die 11 covered on shipboard? — and I aay that ;j before that gale was ended I was so mnoh iu love with this fair and tender girl pf that I oould have laid down my life to servo f 1 her. , H In this time our conversation was about < all sorts of things — her parents, her home, ' her childhood, the loss of her father's ship, the friendless condition Bhe would be in on t ber arrival in England, should I manage to i deliver her from Yanderdecken. Tnoogh when sh8 came to that, I begged her to dismiss her fears at ones and for ever, by li assuring her that my mother wonld gladly \ receive her and oherish her as her own daughter, having bnt me to love, who waa $ always absent. At which a faint blush j; sweetened her cheeks, as tboagh she I suspected what was in my mind ; bnt I was cartful to hurry away from the snbjeot, since !| I did not wish her then to suppose I loved | her, for fear th&t;, not having had rime, as I ii believed, to love me, she might fall into a ; posture cf mind calculated to baffle my hopes of carrying her away from the Braave. | ' I told her all about myself, of the famous Fenton from whom I was descended, of my i voyages, of the Saraon, whose passage to -- India i feared would have an ill issue now that she had met tbe Dutchman, and I | talked sgain of Captain Skevington's $- amazing, and, as I supposed, acourate 1 theories touching the living-dead who i navigated this ship. She had muoh to tell me of Vanderdeoken II and his ship ; of unsuspecting vessels they r had fallen in with, which had sold them t: tobacco, batter cheese, and tbu like ; of L others that had baoked their topsails to k speak, then taken fright and eailed away in 1 hot haste.;- . . I I asked her if it was true that the captain k hai ed paBsing ehips fir the purpose bf send- log letters home. She answered no t It waa nor true ; that was the getter al belld|_ as she had heard from her f stbjBr ; iis Yander I decken did not know that he wtB aurstd — as he went on year after year, firmly believing that next time he should be snfioessful in rounding the Cape — why should he desire fee send lettfgi home, more particularly as ha 1 regarded the Braave as one pl:,tswif test veseels afbat. She added, 1 hate haver seen him write a letter, and £ am oerfcaia liQ I has never endeavoured to send one. v j ' But if he finds a sfaip willing to Ipsak, ha 1 will send a boat t1 - j I "toil merely for neoessirito olwbiob ho is constantly in wftn 1 I Is tehaese j another time It will be spirit!,. Some few weeks sinoe we met a ship, (torn which he purchased several cases of marasa- ladeand some bams, tor which Van Yogel&ar; paidia coin that soared them, when they put; die age of the money and tbe appearauce of this ship together ; for they threw the mate overboard, and instantly made off.1 'X suppose Van Yogetaar could not be drowned Y said I, 4 No,1 said she ; he, like the rest, has no other business in life than to live. They had put the bams and marmalade into the boat, mid when they threw him iu the sea he ewam very qoietly to hie companions,' What was the ship ? I asked. 4 A %aniard,' she replied. 'After they had pail the ship before the wind, I saw a number of them on the poop on their knees arousing themselves.1 ' 1 oannct understand,' said I, 'why this ship should be termed a Phantom. What could be more real than these timbers and , the reaafremento of the people who navigate her?' Besides,1 exclaimed Imogen e, if she is a Phantom, how could Vanderdeeken write these letters in her which he is supposed to. desire to send home? If you have a real tetter, each as a person can put into big pocket and deliver, you must have real material to j produce it— ink, peas, paper, wafers and | Bemethiog hard to Bit upon, or kneel upon, or | write upon.' I ' Certainly !' said I. Of a Phantom the J whole most be phantasmal. Suppose a j ghost dressed, its attire must be as uneub 1 stantisl as the essence It covers.' 4 The truth about this ship is not known,' eke continued, and it never can be known, because her influence is dreaded. Vessels on finding out her charaoter fly from her, and these who sell to her unsuspectingly pass away without giving her further thought.' ' Or,' said I, gloomily, perhaps are nsver more heard of.1 In this way would we talk ; and you may aonoeive we were at no lose for topics. Ones she came into the eabin dressed in the pink dress with tbe high waist; and very sweet did she appear. But I said to her that of all the apparel she had shown me, nothing pleaded me better than the black velvet jacket in which I had first seen her ; sua d thereafter she constantly were it. Ja short, the clothes V&nderdeaken; had Efcooksd her cabin with, including much fine linen, lace, cellars, long gloves, shoes of several colours, and the like, were such as to suggest a costly theatrical wardrobe by reason of the variety of styles, representing fashions from the middle of the seventeenth century down to within twenty years of the j time in which happened what I am here relating. It has been already explained how these things were forgotten. You have only to consider that this-ship Bailed from Bats via In 1653 with a large stock of dressts, linen, jewellery, plate and so forth in her hold, besides her cargo, which stook Ysaderdeoken —in whom there mutt still wotk the thrifty I instincts of the Hollander, just as be is I suffered to love, his pipe and howl and pine j tor both when the tobacco and spirits have 1 run out— had replenished by appropriating | suoh wares, treasure and apparel as he bad | a fancy for out of the ships he encountered ! abandoned at sea or oast away apon the African coast. Bssides having all these strange and often sumptuous arricles of attire to show me and talk about, Imogens had a great deal to tell me soscflinsing the weary years she hd spent; in the vessel, wondering how her lie was to end, how she was ever to get Jo Eoniand, or to any other civilised cauntry, if Vacdrr deoken refOBed to let her leave him, bea&use; et ins tatneny anectioi tor ner ana nis cons vlotfen that he was homeward bound, and only temporarily delayed by the north-west gales which beat him back. She said that after a time she began to fear that she wooid lose her own language, and he able to cpesk no tongue but the anciant Dutch in which Yanderdeeken and his men conversed, to preserve herself from which calamity ebe regularly perused the collection of English poetry that the captain most fortunately had among his books. Her grief was that the hook, instead of poems, was not the Holy Scriptures, but she knew many prayers and hymns her mother had taught her, and these she never omitted recit ng morning and sight. I remember asking if she knew what re ligion Yanderdeeken was of ; she answered she did not know for certain, but that she had heard him speak of his wife and family as having worshipped in the Oado £jfk. ' Indeed, Mr. Fenton,1 said she, I don't believe he is or was of any religion at all. Van Vogelaar Is a O&iviciet; ; he told me go ens evening when I was speaking wish surprise of Antony Jans being a Catholic, as it iB almost impossible to reconcile the fat ness of that man wiih the austerities and mortifications of hie creed.' There can be no doubt,' said I, 4 that v anaeraeoEen was, wnea numao UKe you and me, without re igion. His shocking defiance, and the condemnation that followed, proved that he acted cub of sheer sin in his scul, and not out of a p t83ing pasrien. And yet you would have supposed that a Dutchman, no matter how secretly impious, would have behaved wiih mora discretion than this skipper.' ' I dareEay he would have been more dia cree' said Imcgene, ' had he imagined what was follow,' It was is this way, and in such talk, that we killed those six days of storm ; and now i come to other ; matters. 3W S8 eONTIKCED,) 