THE RACE FOR THE SCULLING , CHAMPIONSHIP. -.- (BY OUR SPECIAL REPORTER.) The great sculling match, Edward Hanlan V. 'Peter I Kemp, for 2000 a-side and the Sculling Championship of the World, takes place on the Parramatta River this afternoon. Should the weather prove favourable, there is no doubt that the contest between Kemp and the Canadian will be witnessed by an enormous crowd of spectators, and under any circumstances there is sure to be a large attendance of the general public, The steamers Peterborough and Charlotte Fenwick will follow the race, which will commence about 4.30 p.m. At this time it will be just about slack water at Ryde, and there will probably be a slight ebb down towards Gladesville. Mr. T. Strange has been appointed umpire, and Mr. J. G. Deeble will be the official time-taker. These gentlemen and the members of the fourth estate will be accommodated on one of the steamers authorised by the Marine Board to follow the scullers. The competitors are well-trained for the coming struggle, and a desperate race may be expected to take place for a mile or a mile and a-half.. The men will start by mutual consent, and the choice of sides will as usual be decided by the spinning of a coin. Whoever wins the toss will have the power to choose the most advantageous posi- tion the southern side of the stream. Hanlan is in splendid form. He has greatly improved during the last day or two, but does not appear to have as much condition as his opponent. He is reported to have accomplished a great trial during the present week, and his supporters are jubilant regarding his prospects of success. Kemp has had the best of assistance in his training, and he will go to the post very fit. If anything he Beorna somewhat drawn, and his general appearance gives the onlooker the idea that he has been too finely trained ; but, it cannot be denied that he looks remarkably well. The Hawkesbury man has everything to win by defeating the Canadian, and his friends and backers are of the opinion that he is capable of defending the rowing honour of New South Wales even against such a renowned sculler as the Toronto oarsman has unmistak- ably proved himself to be. It is well known that Kemp is a very brilliant and dash- ing oarsman. He is exceedingly fast for a mile, and it is rumoured that he has recently covered a mile in the shortest time yet recorded on the Parramatta; in fact it has been stated that he has broken 2 minutes 35 seconds. Kemp will be well boated, and he will be in good condition, and he should therefore be seen at his very best this afternoon. On the other hand, H anian is able to row a mile in remarkably quick time, and as both men are adepts in the art of getting away smartly, a great race will doubtless ensue for a mile or a mile and a-half. The race is almost sure to be a fast one, and it may be rowed in about 21 minutes. It is on the card that the men will start away with a great turn of speed in order to endeavour to cut each other down, and those who are fortunate enough to obtain a position near the mile beacon will doubtless see an extraordinary contest. Summed up briefly, the chances of the men would appear to be somewhat even at the start and for the mile ; but now the question arises, can Kemp stand the pace, and stay below the mile point ? Looking at the wonderful improvement he has made in his rowing since his return from England and it must be admitted that he was never seen in his true form on the Thames and the splendid condition he is in at the present time, he should be able to lost the distance, even if the Canadian forces the pace for the first half-mile, and if he goes to the post in anything like the form he was in yesterday he ought to be able to lead Hanlan. It is regarded as a certainty that the Canadian will dash off at a tremendous burst of speed, and the race will undoubtedly be a fast and a severe one down to Blaxland's Point. Here, however, judging from what he has shown his supporters, the Australian should have a lead of about a length, and from this out, if he lasts, he should have the race in his own hands. If Hanlan leads at the mile he will win. Of course there are a large number of rowing men and the outside public who pin their faith to Hanlan. They shake their heads and smile incredulously when the Hawkesbury man's supporters hint that he may win. But then it must not be forgotten that when Beach rowed against Hanlan on the first occasion, there were thousands who held the opinion that the Illawarra oarsman would go down before the hitherto all-conquering Canadian, and in some quarters it was stated that he would not have " a ghost of a show " with his opponent. The sequel proved that Hanlan could be beaten even by an Australian oarsman. To-day Kemp has a better chance against the Toronto man than Beach had in 1884, and it is to be hoped that for the honour of the colony, if for no other reason, the dashing Hawkesbury sculler may be able to retain the much coveted title of Champion of the World. 