The Opera House. MR. GEORGE C. MILN AS "HAMLET." Shakspeare, it has been said, spells ruin from a managerial point of view. That, no doubt, was the case both in England and America during the period when burlesque and operetta held the first placo in popular estimation, but with the rise df the Irving and Wilson Barrett school in England and the Cushman and Booth galaxy in America there has been a Shak spcarian revival; and neither managers nor actors have of late had to complain of playing to a " beggarly array of empty benches" so long as the masterpieces of the world's dramatist are put before the public with ordinary care and completeness. It is not often that in Aus tralia we have an opportunity of witneesing a first-olass Shakspearian interpreter; and pro bably in the "dog days" there is on the part of the amusement-loving publio an inclination to lighter forms of amusement, rather than to theatrical perfor mances whioh appeal to the higher intelligence. There was not much, however, to complain of regarding the audience which assembled in Her Majesty's Opera House on Saturday evening to wituoss the first performance during this season, by tho American tragedian, Mr. George C. Miln, of " Hamlet." The oirole and pit were ■well filled, and the remainder of the house was paoked by an enthusiastic audience. Play goers were rewarded by an interpretation of what the majority of critics reckon the greatest play in the English language, if not in any language, which in many respects would com pare most favourably with anything seen pre viously on the Brisbane stage. The tragedy was well mounted, and the performance was what might be called well rounded, all the leading characters being respectably, or more than respectably, filled. Mr. Miln, who comes to us with a considerable American reputation, belongs to the Kemble school of actors, modified to some little extent by the progress of Shakspearian criticism. His style may be characterised as that of robust classicism, as contrasted with that of Irving, who has adopted, or created, what some critics have designated as tho exaggerated natural school of playing. The latter is distinct from the former in this respect, that Mr. Irving reads poetry with an abrupt manner, as if it were colloquial prose, whereas the followers of tho Kemble school read prose with a rolling swing, as if it were poetry. Both styles have their admirers, and there is much in each that is admirable, even from an artistio point of view. Mr. Miln's rich, deep, musical voice, which he modulates with much artistic effect, is espeoiully adapted for the classic rather than for the naturalistic style of playing. His presence is dignified, and at any rate he is free from obtrusive mannerisms. His reading of " Hamlet" exhibits a profound study of the text, and is admirably consistent, if not so intellectual as that of Irving. It seems to us more in accord with the Shakspenrian tradi tions. Irving presents " Hamlot" as a meta physioian, with courtly habits, who, for the purpose of working out his schemo of revenge lor his father's death, feigns throughout mad ness. It presents on the stage a picture of the workings of the mind of man. Mr. Miln's " Hamlet," on th« other hand, is the embodi ment of the poetic dreamer, the emotions of whose heart dictate his actions, rather than the subtle operations of the brain, and tho in tensity of whose feelings first unhinges his mental equilibrium, and finally causes insanity. Wo have the presentment in the outset, of tho robust Btudeut, fresh from Wittenberg, a scholar, it is true, but a cpurtly gentleman, and a soldier, skilled in all athletic and soldierly arts. The death of his father, and the unnatural remarriage of his mother to his uncle, make of him a recluse. His mood is that of bitter melancholy, not so much at the death of the king as that his mother should have married again ; and this Mr. Miln, with dexterous art, showed by his reading of the first Boliloquy. Hamlet was ambitious and looked to tho control of the affairs of Denmark, and the introduction of the reforms to which there are references now and again in the earlier part of the play; but his career of ambition seems to havo been cut short by his mother's unnatural marriago. Ho would have returned to Wittenborg but for his love for Ophelia. It is in this mental condition that he hears of tho appearanco of his father'h ghost, and the effect due to the revelations of the apparition was as mu^h owing to his lessened vitality as to the mental shock. Mr. Milu showed this by the faint into which he fell immediately after his interview with the ghost. The strength of the emotions raised by the tale of horror had overpowered his weakened physique The whole of tho business of the interview with the ghost was admirably managed, and thero was nothing overstrained in the portrayal of tho emotions roused by tbo wickedness of his uncle and the discovery of his mother untrue to his father. It is in this whirling mood that he repairs to Opholia to find some consolation from his sweetheart. Ophelia, at tho instigation of her father, returns him his letters, and denies him access, and Hamlet, overpowered by the thought that all are treacherous and false, first reveals gleams of insanity. Tho fooling of Poloniua is that of a man whose brain is morbidly activo and suspicious, and from this time forward he becomes, at more frequent intervals, altogether insane. In tho lighter scenes ho is more and more hilarious, and in tho last scene^ he goes into tho presenco of the courtiers dancing. In the melancholy scenes he displays a more and still more sombro mood. # It is when he imagines everyone false to him that he begins to believe the ghost himself has not spoken the truth, and it is then that he con oeives tho idea of proving the truth of tho story of the ghost, and his uncle's guilt, by the play Boene. There is no striking novelty, it may be said here, in any of Mr. Miln's read ings. The celebrated soliloquy, "To be, or not to be," was delivered with splendid elocu tionary effect, partly sitting, and partly during a walk across the chamber. It is a simple matter, but he retains the modern in stead of the more intelligent ancient reading, in the phrase, "I am mad, but north-north- west. When tho wind is southerly, I know a hawk from a handsaw." The last word should be "hernshaw." Instead of making the play scene the culminating point of tho drama, as Irving does, he postpones the climax until the scf ue with the Queen. The play scene is, however, remarkably well conceived and worked on*; jocular to start with, not only with Ophelia, but with Polonius, yet exhibit ing a mournful mirth after all. He completely forgets Ophelia, at whose feet he had cast him self, as the play progresses, and the purpose of his plot seizes possession of his mind. The intensity of Mr. Miln's expression, and his impatienco to witness the climax, was wonderfully artistic. Especially effective was the exhibition of the madman's gleo over the success of his device _ by which he succeeds in making the King betray himself. Theomission of the scenewith the King prayinjr assisted the development of Mr. Miln's conception ; and ho comes to the interview with his mother as a man who is possessed by insane passion. Thin is in accordance with the tradi tions of Garrick, who used to shake the Queon with passionate strength. Then comes the killing of Polonins, in which Mr. Miln scores an effective point by drawing aside the arras before he despatches the eavesdropper in the belief that it is his uncle. Mr. Miln, when he draws the contrast between his father and uncle, calling upon the Queen to " look upon this picture and upon this," makes uso of two miniatures. Irving, following Kean, appealed to mental pictures. Kemble, on the other hand, appealed to two large wall panels. Fechter, if we remember rightly, was the first to make use of a medallion. The method of Irving and Kean is probably more Bubtly intellectual than tho reference to a miniature drawn from Ham let's bosom, and another drawn from his mother's ; although the latter scheme lends itself to considerable artistic effect, of whioh Mr. Miln was not slow to avail himself. Mr. Miln'n acting throughout tho scene was very intense, reaching sometimes to the verge of hysteria, but always showing a certain measure of reserve. Quite as powerful was the Bcene immediately following, in which his father's ghost appears to chide him for his tardy revenge, and it is here that he depicts his real insanity. When the ghoat previously appeared, he was seen and reooguised by other persons besides Hamlet, but in this scene Hamlet alone hears and sees the ghost, hiß mother charac terising the vision and the message as the very coinage of his brain. In the last act, Mr. Miln was scarcely up to the high- water mark of deolamation and artistio skill which he ex hibited in this scene, although the business of the churchyard, at Ophelia's grave, and in the duel scene, was splendidly con ceived and carried out on a level with the con ception. If one fault may be found with Mr. Miln's reading, it is that in some of the quieter scenes throughout the play his intonation is too subdued. He could easily convey the strength of reserve, even if he pitched his fine voice at a higher key, so as to render even- his whisper audible in every part of the house. Ho would lose none of the effect of the contrast betweeu the quietude of ordinary converse, and the pitoh of passion to which he may be roused when the exigencies of the demand it. The Opholia of Miss Louise Jordan was an excellent personation. In the opening scene she was tho gentle lover and tho filial daughter, heartbroken by the struggle between her obedience to her father and her lovo for Hamlet. In the mad scene Miss Jordan rose to tho occasion in a manner which perfectly thrilled the house. There could be no doubt that here was a woman distraught with grief at the cruel death of her father, and the no leas cruel separation from her lover. Miss Kate Douglas played with effect as the Queen, and in the great scene with Hamlet her artistic method and admirable elocution materially assisted Mr. Miln'* splen did aoting. The Polonius of Mr. Robert Vernon was more than fair, whilst Mr. West was a passable King. Detailed mention of the other characters need not bo made. " Hamlet" was repeated on Monday and Tuesday. " Richelieu." On Wednesday night Mr. Miln appeared in Lord Lytton's well-known historical play. The plot of "Richelieu, or the Conspiracy" briefly amounts to this. The Duke of Orleans, brother of Louis XIII., some years previous to the openinor of the play hud raised tho standHnl -4 revolt. A young gentleman, the Chevalier do Mauprat, was concerned in the affair, and with a baud of young bloods indulged in the capture of a small Frenoh town without the orders of his chief. The revolt was suppressed, but tho Duke obtained pardon for all those who hud taken part iv it in obedience to his orders. Richelieu, tho omnipotent Minister of Louis, saw fit to raze from the list of the pardoued the name of de Mauprat for tho reason that, in the matter of the capture of thin small French town, he had not fulfilled the conditions. He called the young man to him, bade him go to the wars and take care not to come back. De Mauprat went, distinguished himself, and roturned. The Cardinal buw and called him to him, and significantly and sternly bade him beware of death, which might come at any minute. Tho Duko of Orleans is engaged in a new plot at tho opening of tho play, which is in tho house of his mistress, the celebrated Marion de Lorrae, in the pay of Richelieu. Do Mauprat is gambling recklessly and loses. The head of tho Orleanist conspiracy is one Baradas, a man of boundless ambition. Ho has marked out Do Mauprat as the sort of tool the conspirators require for the accomplishment of the most dread portion of the work—the assassination of the terrible Cardinal. They were old friends, and Baradas now learns aro rirals in love as once in boyhood's struggles for mastery. They both love Julie, the Cardinal's ward. Julie is tho daughter and only child of the one friend the statesman had loved with passion. She has been the joy of the declining years of his premature old age; she is now its solace. Scarcely has Baradaa begun to disclose the existence and purport of the conspiracy when the blow falls, and de Mauprat is carried off into the presence of the Minister. Wo now see Richelieu him self. Gray, shaggy, imperious, wrestling and transceuding tho first symptoms of his im pending end, full of courage and of craft, eking out (in his own words) the lion's skin with the fox's, the sword with the mightier weapon of tho pen—snoh is the man Mr. Miln presents to us seated in his chamber with his pet monk. The outlines of the conspiracy are retailed to his contemptuous inoredulity, and then suddenly Julie enters. The alternations of her love and fear, his caressing tenderness and fierce oblivious outbursts at the inoidenoe of matters personal or political, were rendered in a scene full of pioturesqueness and charm. The astute old man has her seoret from her in a trice. She loves De Mauprat ; do Mauprat is his enemy; de Mauprat must die. He gloats with a whimsical tenderness over his meditated triok. Ho dismisses her to an ad joining ohamber, at first roughly, then with an enigmatical assent to her wishes, which her piteous, pretty ntj of " That's my own father!" ] would fain make certain of. De Mauprat is introduced, with tho precautions of an atten dant behind a screen armed with a carbine, and soundly rated for his wild courses. The scene in which the Cardinal plays on the impul sive young man what stop he pleases, yea, verily, as on a pipe — plucks out the heart of his mystery—drives him mad with wrath — forgives him—overawes him—conquers him, and finally sends him to his supposed doom in the adjoining chamber where the sweet, trembling little "headsman" awaits him to punish him for his refusal to marry anyone but Julie—all this was masterly. The act closes with the amused mockery of the old man, passing suddenly to an almost frantio exultation in his sense of power, •• god-like power " — Love, rapture, penury, wealth, Marriage and death, for one infirm old man, Through a great Empire to dispense, withhold, As the will whispers. And then, by a splendid transition, the exulta tion grows solemn and almost sacred as ho hails what is his mistress, Jti* wedded wife — France, France, this glorious France, which he has re-created ! The second act opens on n complication of the drama. The King, too, has noted Julie, and desired her. Augry at her escape from him ho parts the pair on the very noon of the marriage morning, bids de Mauprat consider it as null, ana him self as guilty of high treason under the old charge, wnilo he summonses Julie to his palace of tho Louvre. Baradas, coming upon de Mauprat in his hour of anguish, prompts him to see in all this the cunning ven geanco of tha Cardinal, who uees him as a miserable covering to the girl's dishonour, through which he himself mounts to greater power. De Mauprat, in a fit of insane fury, joins the band of assassins who are to murder Richelieu in his palace that night. Marion, however, stands her employer in good stead, and reveals the whole plot, whereby, after the murder, the help of tfio Spaniards is to be called in, tho Duke of Orleans and Baradas having both signed a despatch promising support. The Cardinal rouses himself at once, paoes about eagerly, even makes a little love to his " dirling Marion," sohoraes how to get the despatch by a false messenger, but, at the critical moment allows himself to be overheard talking with his pet monk about one of his tools whom ho in tends to dupe with a false promise of prefer ment. Thus all goes awry. The Cardinal is betrayed. De Mauprat snatches the despatch from the false messenger; the guards arc scattered, and he rushes in to wreak his vengeance. Meantime Julie, esoaping from the King's insults, rejoins her guardian, and con fides to him her belief in her husband's guilt. Richelieu comforts and sends her away, when De Mauprat bursts in, sword in hand, and bids him prepare for inHtant death. Tho old man turns with fierce and terrible grandeur at bay. He denies that his fate is the sword of an assassin, and, towering over bis abashed pur euer, hurls at him: Earth has no such fiend- No ! as one parricide of his fatherland— Who dares iv Richelieu murder France. At no point of the play was Mr. Miln's ringing rhetoric so fino a? this, and it fairly took his audience by storm. Explanations follow. Julie enters, and, just as all seems well, De Mauprat remembers that all is lost. The shouts of the conspirators aro heard without. The old man once more rises equal to the crisis. Erect, with flaming eyes and quivering nostrils, for one moment he stands in thought; then hurries them ftll into a-;>n. A«j tho conspirators burst open the doors and nnh in, de Mauprat drags back a curtaia and discloses the Cardinal on a couoh—pallid —ghastly. De Mauprat speaks in tho terrible silence. I watcVtl h'm till lie slept. Heed me. Xo trace of blood levcals the deed :— Strangled in bleep. They retire satisfied, and tho Cardinal get* up and runs forward with sardonic laughter. The rest of tho play falls away from this magnifi cent climax, and no such chance of eliciting the enthusiasm of the audien:e to the same pitd of white heat occurs again. Desperate in trigues delay the discovery of the fatal de spatch ; tho Cardinal is disgraced, De Mau prat is condemned to die, Julie subjected to the cruel torture of persecution at the hands ol both tho King and Baradas, now Minister. But in tho end the despatch is) recovered, Baradas and Orleans are ruined, tho King forgets his ignoble passion, and the Cardinal, half dead, yet happy in tho happiness of hia children, finally triumphs. Throughout the play, Richelieu is, of course, the vastly preponderating force. The others are more or less tools in hia hands. With Mr. Miln and hu company this was, for personal reasons, even excessively the case. The old fox-lion, the Cardinal Ministor, strong, despite weakness, and thereby only the more astute, imperious, yet so tender to those he loves, ternble yel never cruel, only tremendously and passionately "just" (in hia own great phrase) in his devour ing devotion to France, hia own France— France, his mistress, his wedded wife—thie man lives and breathes, and has his being on the stage before us. Misa Louise Jordan's rendering ot Julie was tender and sympathetic. Mr. West as Baradaa was too conventional, especially towards tho close, but played with power. Miss Louise Jewett played the first half of a side part with genuine passion, but the ap plaude of the groundlings led her to exaggerate the second part into noisy declamation. Mr. Greenaway made up very picturesquely aa the King. Tho other characters call for no special remark. "Richeliou" was repeated on Thursday and Friday, and on Saturday (to-night) it will give place to the " Fool's Revenge." 