' ;ipDEft?THE ROSE. BY TEE AUTHOR OP " ONLY DORA," &c.; " CHAPTER XV.— (Continued.) "I am sure you have not, said Lancelot, warmly, you could not, my dear ward, feign for a moment. :But now let me take you down to supper — though we are almost one family, it may be permitted upon this .-occasion. Iseulte was glad not. only to chat .with her guardian again quietly, but -also to detach herself from Colonel Sc. Maur, whose attentions, after what she kiiew of his feelings about hor, vesed and pained her. In her plea sure at the change, she no longer thought of the' foreboding about gal ha which bo strangely oppressed hcri 1 After supper a chosen group of friends gathered round what they ' called, the " greenroom" fire to discuss the past performance, and concoct a plan for tableaux to follow them, and they sat talking and laughing, regard less of the flight of time. Aline pro- . posed all sorts of whimsical scenes for representation ; while Henry St. Maur and Lord Trefusis suggested a performance of Mrs. Jarley's wax- ' works on a new plan. The idea was played with by Aline and two very ' clever young lady friends, with occa sional interpolations from Lancelot and Iseulte. In fact, Mr. Fleming was gayer than his ward had ever seen him that night; and Lord Trefusis was actually witty — improved, Iseulte secretly thought, by the fact that Agatha Roberts was not of their coterie. ' Their jests and laughter at Trefusis' notion of winding up the personated waxworks and making them move awkwardly and woodenly — on which A-line had turned her head with the most comical stiffness — were inter rupted by the. great clock of the castle striking " two." Aline sprang up. "It is morning," sho said, "and time to go to bed. 1 realiv believe the greater part of tho family have, been asleep this hour or more. Grood night, friends all ! Our poor maids will wish we were really waxworks, im movable and not troublesome, if we wait later — after last night. ""When we went to bed at five," laughed Henry St. Maur. " Well we must arrange our plans to-morrow, but Trefusis' idea is capital." At the top of the stairs the friends parted, and Iseulte turned down the passage leading to their rooms, to which Mrs. Fleming had long since retired. Most of the lierhts were out. The caBtle was not lighted by gas, and the lamps were waning or extin guished ; her wax candle faintly illu minated the high and wide corridor, and she took the wrong turning ; she perceived it, however, and, turning, believed she had retraced her steps till, opening, as she supposed, the door of her own room, she found herself in a huge chamber, lighted by two great arched windows, through which the rayB of the low full moon fell on ghostly suits of ancient aimour. But it was not at these Iseulte gazed spell-bound. Full in the moonlight, at the other . end of the room, a gigantic figure in white stood with extended arm. Then, as she gazed, speechless with awe, a deep, profound sigh or wail passed through the chamber, strangely echoed through the gallery. » The figure moved. Iseulte waited for no more ; she darted away with a cry of terror, up the passage as fast as sho could run. Happily that cry had been heard hy anxious G-wenny, sitting up for. her young lady, and she opened the door in time to stay the fugitive at tho right place, and re- \- ceive her breathless in her arms. 'fMy child — my darling!" cried the terrified nurse, " what is it ?" " Oh, G-wenny, shut the door — bolt it — and I will tell you 1" and sinking into an easy chair, Iseulte gasped forth .the story of what she had seen. " Heavep be good to us !" cried the woman, when the tale ceased. " Oh, Miss Iseulte, you havo seen the family banshee— that is the ghost — that .always warns them of a death! Be sure the old Earl is to go soon." Iseulte shuddered. " I hope not," she said ; "and per haps after 'all it was a delusion — a sort of mirage made by the moonlight, G-wenny," rising, " would yon be afraid to go . back with me and look ? I was foolish to be so startled." "Ho, indeed, Miss Iseulte, I wouldn't go there — nor let you — fo? the world! 'Taint likely you were deceived ! Why, it was the awe of a spirit alone that could cow a Tressi- han! See, directly you are away from it you have no fear !" " I was awe stricken more by the wail thin by the sight," assented Iseulte. " But it may have been all \- an illusion, these things are so easily explained. Perhaps in the morning we may find something to account for it — something of light or shadow that formed the figure." "May, Miss Iseulte; but for to night we'll lay a horseshoe I've got inside it. to keep out evil spirits, and you must go to bed and sleep." But Gwenny in her own mind had not the shadow of a doubt that Iseulte had seen the ancestral spirit of the St. Maura, of whom she had heard several strange stories in the housekeeper's room, and she . began mentally to wonder if Miss Tressilian was, after all, to marry the handsome Colonel, and become one of tho family, giQ?C' sho had been allowed to 393 its peculiar spocire. However, she now hurried Iseulte to bed, and sat watch ing beside her with faithful devotion . till the girl's eyes closed ra sleep. CHAPTER XVT. Iseulte woke with a painful im pression of something wrong, and found Mrs. Fleming standing by hor bedside dressed. " I am so lata ? ' she asked, start ing up. " Yes, you aro late, but I would not have you called. Gwenny told me oE your alarm last night, and I felt convinced that you waated rest ; so I have explained to Alinci that you would breakfast in your room to day and appear at luncheon." "Did you tell her of my fright?" asked Iseulte. - ; " No ; and, dear, I liopo you will not. Superstitions sometimes fatally fulfil themselves, because they act on the nervouB system. Lord St. Maur is old, and his children are so devoted to him that any fears of the kind your ghost suggests would be most painful, and perhaps injurious, to them and to him." "Then I am sure I will not say a word about it. In fact', before I slept felt convinced that it was merely a spectral illusion, aod I wanted Gwenny to go back with me to make sure ; but sho would not. 1 "And wisely, as it might have been some trick ; but we will not speak of it, dear, to anyone of the family, for I have known an instance in which the announcement of such a warning ac tually caused the lady's death." " Have you told Gwenny not to mention it ?" asked Iseulte. " YeB, but unluckily she had named it to the housekeeper, who, however, seems a sensible, superior sort of woman, and will not apeak of it. Now tell me all'about it." And Iseulte related faithfully her adventure. "It was probably some effect of moonlight," said Mrs. Fleming, when she ceased speaking. " As to the wail, it might have been caused by the air irom the open door passing through tne empty helmets. Believe mo, Iseulte, the ghost may be most satis factorily accounted for." But the shock had given Miss Tressilian a nervous headache, and Bhe wrb glad to go out in the grounds alone, as soon as she was dressed, for the benefit of tbo air and for a quiet hour to herself. The park was a noble one ; and as she walked under the great old trees, now standing in bare and leafless majesty, her eyes reBted with tranquil pleasure on its undulations and far-off groves of dark pine. But her walk was des tined, after all, not to be a solitary one. Suddenly issuing from a side path, Captain Pendarvon stood be fore her. Ever since her brief colloquy with Agatha about him, tbe young soldier (grateful for her intercession, which he had learned from certain imprudent reproaches of Agatha her self) had attached himself greatly to Miss Tressilian, keeping by her side whenever Agatha was flirting with Lord Trefusis, and confiding to her all. his anxieties and regrets. She felt his feebleness, and wondered how she ever could have idealised this man ; but she was too tender by nature and too generous not to pity him and lend him the support of her own strength. Perhaps, too, it was pleasant to feel how much he needed her — how intensely grateful he was. Indeed, so completely had their old intimacy been resumed that Colonel St. Maur . grew uneasy and spoke to Lancelot about it. " You see, old fellow," he said, " it is' not entirely for my own sake I speak, but Pendarvon either has no stability, or he is a mere fortune- hunter. He certainly tried to win Miss Tressilian last season in Lon don ; then he made advances to Agatha Roberts at Riversmead. In fact, I believed him then to be mad y in love with her ; and here he has re sumed his attentions to Miss Tres silian, since Agatha has rather cut him for Trefusis. Now, I should be truly grieved for him to win Iseulte's affections if he iB seeking her either from pique at Agatha or to obtain a fortune." "I have -observed his constant proximity to her," saicl Lancelot — Heaven knows he had with many a jealouB pang! — "and I should be truly grieved iE she bestowed herself on Pendarvon' — Heaven forbid it ! but my mother assures me the penchant, if any exists, iB wholly on his side. In fact, that Iseulte believes he cares for Agatha; at least so my mother in ferred from some chance words of hers." "Could you 'loot warn Miss Tres silian — as her guardian — against the fellow ?'' asked St. Maur. Lancelot flushed. " No," he said, " I must not inter fere, Reginald. If I did I might subject myself to the most hateful suspicions. Remember, if Iseulte doeB not marry I am her heir ; there fore I cannot speak to her against any lover of whom I known no positive ill. And though I dislike Pendarvon —he is too much like one of Byron s heroes for me — I must, perforce be silent; but I mean to. advise my mother to exercise more watchful chapronage. " It is a puzzle to me how Iseulte can have taken him up again," said St, Maur, " for 1 told her myself of his wild admiration of Agatha Roberts." "If that is the case you will pro bably have warned her sufficiently," said his friend. " Iseulte would scorn to rival her friend I am sure." " But if her friend rejects him ? My dear Lance, women are but ' kittle cattle ' after all ! Who shall answer for the best of them ?" m # . But we are digressing and must- return to .this meeting in the park. "Miss Tressilian," Baid Captain PenaArvon, as he joined her, " you are looking very pale. I hope you are not suffering from headache ?" " I was a little," she answorod, as - lie joined and walked beside her, "but the air is taking it off." "Iain glad of that- ono so good i and kind should never suffer. I fear the theatricals tired you?" " No," sbb said ; " but I bad a little f right last night, thatl think has upset me more thaa it oiight, and that is probably tho oauBb of my head ache." Indeed ! May I ask what it was ?" Iseulte laughed nervously. The strange circumstance so. haunted her that she felt glad: to toll it to some one who might safely hear it, and on whose discretion she could roly. "I was scared by a bogie," she said, half-jestiDgly. "A ghost, do 'you mean?" in an accent of astonishment. " Well, a good imitation of one," she replied. ' "Do tell me about it; £ am a Cornishman, and superstitious, of course, you know," ho said. " Well, I will tell you ; but you must not mention it to any of the St. Maurs, nor indeed to any ono." ; " I promise inviolable secrecy, Miss Tressilian," laughing. , And then Iseulte, moved by some strange impulse she could not have defined, told to Pendarvon the story of her last night's adventure. He listened with unfeigned interest. j " Good heavens !" he said, as she paused, "you must havo seen the family ghost— tho warning ancestor of tlie St. Maura." "You do not. think it possible that it was real ? that it was not an -illu sion ?" she said, startled, almost awed. " Indeed, I do believe it," he an swered, gravely., " ' There are more things m heaven and earth than are dreamed of in our philosophy.' The appearance has unfailingly preceded a death of tho St. Maurs, uud is as well known as the Airlie Little Drummer or tho Monteith White Doe. It is an awful story, Miss Tres silian." Sho was surprised at his tone, for she had not given implicit belief even to lier own eyesight ; but Bhe did not argue against his opinion, and they walked on, discussing omens, warn ings, apparitions, and all the fascinat ing mysteries of superstition, till, rather tired by her walk, Iseulte turned to go back to the castle. A few minutes afterwards Lancelot Fleming and Colonel St. Maur issued from a side walk, and seeing them, joined them. Both gentlemen were anxious to know if Mi«B Tressilian' s headache, of which Mrs. Fleming had told them, was better. When she answered their inquiries, Lancelot said: " You are late for luncheon like ourselves, Iseulte ; the gong sounded a quarter of an hour ago or more." " Indeed ! I thought I had walked rather far," she said ; " but Captain Pendarvon has been telling me such interesting ghost stories that I forgot the time." Lancelot's lip quivered ; ' St. Maur frowned ; and as by and by the friends fell a little behind, Fleming said, in a low voice; " I must tell my mother to be more watchful." Luncheon had begun long before they reached the dining-room, and waB half over before they sat down to it. Lord Trefusis was eagerly dis cussing with the other young men a report just brought to him by the head keeper. It was that a raid of the moBt audaciouB kind had beeu made by poachers on the covers, and that the keepers, with a strong body of helpers, meant to watch for them that night. (to bs oontinuhd.) 