O&e; ê>pîmtj) Coming finóla, I SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1888. H ? Tue Legislative Assembly sat for only two hours and a-hal£ yesterday. TnE Premier promised in tho Assembly yesterday that tbo question ol' finally closing tho Dovonshiiê stre>et cemetery, and dealing with tho ground in tho public interest, should receive tho immediate attention of the Government. "Whatever is best to be done will be done, ho says, Avith the sanction of Parliament. Sut IIexiïï Parkes yesterday promised favourahls consideration to tho request of a deputation of Sydney merohanls nnd business firms to make Sydney tho Australian port for stoameis engaged in tho proposed direct service to tho Now Hebrides. The Premier staled in Parliament yesterday that it Avns the intention of tho Government to inirodtics measures for the establishment of agricultural collogea and model farms as soon as possible. Sin Heney P amies intends to call for a report from tho police Avith regard to glovo lights in Sydney. Tiru Paddington Municipal Council asked the Premier yesterday to introduco a bill dooling with the hawking nuisance so prevalent in the streets. Sir Ilenry Parkes said ho would considor the advisability of allowing tho council to issue hawkers' licences. It is probablo that Mr. W. J. Foster vrlll bo offered the vacant Judgcship. The total sura paid by, tho Government during tho last seven years for landrosumod for lailvvay and tram- way purposes is £800,10G <ls. 11 d. Tiro Civil servants have not yet been deprived of their incremonts, though tho Tieasurer recently an- nounced that they wore to bo discontinued. The Go- vernment scheme of retrenchment will remain in abey anco till tho report of tho Civil Sorvico Commicsion is received. The warships Nelson, Calliope, and Diamond, of the Australian station, have arrived at Russell, New Zoaland. The Orient incoming mail steamer Austral arrived at Adolaido yesterday from Loudon. Sha bungs a 'j \' largo number of passengers to the colonies. Tiie Victoria, tho second of tha Jubilee steamers of tbo P. and 0. Company, arrived hero early yesterday morning. She is built after the samo stylo as tho Britannia. Her net steaming timo from London to Sydney was 32 days 7 hours 9 minutes. The P. and 0. steamer Mnssilin, from Melbourna December 29, arrived at Plymouth on Thursday room- ing ; and the Chusan, from London 13th January, arrived at Colombo tho samo morning. The Britannia, from Melbourne January 12, arrived at Suez on Thura day afternoon. The passengers of the Mariposa who wero success- fully vaccinated on tho voyage ftom San Frnncii-co to Sydney, will be released from quarantine on Monday. Those who declined to adopt this précaution will ba kept on tbo Quarantine-ground three weeks. Toe Board of Honlth has decided, having regard to the excellence of tho precautions taken to prevent the spread of smallpox by the captain, surgeon, and officers of the Mariposa, to release the vessel from quarantine on Monday noxt, provided no fresh case of disease manifests itself, and that Ihe necessary disinfection has been completed. A match between a combined eleven of, tho two English teams and a so-called All-Australia Eleven waa commenced on the Association Cricket Ground yester- day. The Australians won the loss, and Bant their opponents to the wickets. The Englishmen scored 118, and when the stumps had boon drajvn for tho day eight of the All-Australia Eleven had been disposed of for 35 runs. The match will bo resumed to-day. In a speech at Thorncliff, Mr. Gladstone declared that tho southern part of England alouo denied the Irish Mu. Alex, M'aÄth&k; ,._---v.--__, _ _. __^ in tho House of Commons for tho suppre3áon"o"f ffiî "- - sale of alcohol in the Pacific. The operation of tracheotomy Ima been successfully performed on the throat of tho Crown Prince. The Imperial Act, which empowers colonies to ontot into commercial treaties, does not apply to Fiji, and the negotiations -which have been proceeding for the estab- lishment of reciprocal relations between Victoria and Fiji havo boon suspended pending communication with tho Colonial Omeo on the subject Bakou Henby be Worms ia to succeed Lord Stanley as Presidont of the Board of Tindo, London. The French press declares that at present tho French navy is not equal to tho Italian navy, aud exprossea alarm at its weakness. B 11 'L. 1« KB M. PAST-mm's proposal to destroy tho rabbits by H means of the microbes of chicken cholera is to ue w « ported on by an Intercolonial Commission. H Eüropb is becoming los* confident of peace 01. Hi account of the military activity of Prance. Ominous preparations aro boing made just now in m Italian fleot. . M. Wilson, son-in-law of the ox-Pr«.ä"t °M» French Republic, has been summoned ^to« lj* 1 «*" Tribunal in connection v.ith the French ^«.OW scandal. T , . Mu 'James Drake has been anpointetl a Londo> director of tho Bank of South Australia. _ The Garonne's cargo ot_ frozen meat has arrived al London in a damaged condition. Thf. Parkes Fund has now i each ed the som of £80W 9s. Gd. At a meeting of the eommifteo yesterday, th bon. secretary expie«od the hope 'that tbum» nouni would be raised lo £10,000 before the land closed Tun great Centennial Rifle Match will be commenced on Monday at Paddington. i The race «.tween Clifford and Kemp for the scull g | championship of the world will be rowed Uns atternooa ^ on tho Pariamalta. , . I Aaiu»a_HBHT8 are being mad * to »mow Je Jn J ness of the Central Police Court ethe OddÇd"»« f . in Elizabeth-street, and no doubt before lon= '" < Offices and markets will be pulled down and the spae* j converted into a handsomo equate Al 0 ."»_."£ | At a meeting of the council if tho Art So« ty-of w Net South WaS,e9 during the week it was stoled«J to though the Melbourne artists waived ^^or P»c«» / | " I obtained in Sydney, tho latter received a larger sum by payment at the doors at their exhibition than did the former. Messrs. Richardson and AVitr.Nrn Fold properties tn and around the city during the week to the valuo of f 120,618 7s. 7d. Mr. A. W. Honour, the council clerk at Young, has "been suspended owing to serious irregularities having been discovered in his books. Misappropriations to the extent of £200 or £800 have been admitted, and accused was arrested, brought before tho local court, aud ro inandcd. Is the caso of tho little girl Elizabeth Catford, killed by a tram in George- street West on Thursday last, the Coroner's jury have returned a verdict of acci- dental deitb. The synod of the Presbyterian Church of Eastern Australia closed yesterday, to meet again at St. Georgo's Church, Castloreagh-stroet, in February, 18S9. TnE shipping trado has boen oxtromoly active at Brisbane during the past fortnight. There íb a great demand for wharf labourers and experienced trimmers. The first section of the annexo? of the Melbourno Exhibition, covering about four acres, has been handed .ver by the contractors to tho executive commissioners, »nrl tbo exhibits from tho Adelaido Jubileo Exhibition have been stored there. Victoria and New Zealand refuso to remove the prohibition against the importation of Now South Walos grapes to th«so colonies. The Minister of Public Instruction in Victoria has expressed himself in favour of giving prominence to Australian subjects in future issues of State school text books. Mr. Ed. Jenkins, who sought to recover £6000 damages against the Victorian Railway Commissioners for injuries sustained in tho recent Windsor collision, was yesterday awarded £2500. \ Títere is now some prospect of Tasmania being epresented at tho Melbourno Exhibition. The Federal Councf? has been prorogued by procla- mation in the Government Gazette at Hobart De. Richard Heath, who carno to Victoria in 1858, died at Flemington, near Melbourne, yesterday, aged . 79. The " Unionist" tramway employees in Melbourne object to the employment of '. students" who have been placed on the cars to learn the duties of gripmen and conductors. They fear that thoy will bo supplanted, and threateu to strike in order to frustíale the designs of the company. ' A BERtotrs outbreak occurred at Pentridge Stockade, neer Melbourne, yesterday. A warder, when removing contraband goods discovered in tho quarries, wai set upon by a hundred infuriated prisoners, who knocked him down, and savagely resisted the attempts of other warders to secure the swags. After desperate fighting, in which several warders wore roughly handled, the convicts were again reduced to a state of discipline, and the contraband articles impounded. Tnp. business in silver sharos continuos to bo very active in Melbourne, and further advances in prico aro being roalised. It is reported that an English syndicate has offered £2,000,000 for the splendid estates of Messrs. J. and It. Manifold, in the western district of Victoria, and the «took thereon. Theto aro about 120,000 acres of lund. Moses Goldstein, a well-known jeweller, of Bourke Street, Melbourne, committed suicido yesterday by cutting his throat. He was in monetary difficulties. The Hessian fly is causing much damage in New Zealand. Tiie total acreage under wheat crop in South Aus- tralia this year is 1,095,000. Statistics furnished show the average estimated yield to bo 9J bushels. The surplus for expoit will bo 15,280,000 bushels. The resignation of the Ex-Attorxey-Gene ral brings up the question of how far the poli- tician should bo independent of politics for the pecuniary returns its pursuit may afford him, as well as how far he is entitled to re- cognition for the special services ho may place in certain cases at the disposal of the State apart from that general legislative service he renders in common with the rest of the Par- liamentary body who are not specialists. There is a popular sentiment in politics, and in its somewhat rareñed atmosphere the prin- ciple of private remuneration for disinterested public service is looked at rather askance. Bub it is the property of most public sentiments to be often insincere, anil the one that has found its way into politics is not quite free from that alloy. The wages of the political worker are admittedly the good that results from his legislative labours, and which he shares in common Avith the rpst of the population of the State. The public man, inasmuch as he interests himself according to the popular sentiment in public matters on lefty grounds, desires and receives no other reward than the high consciousness of having done a public duty. So far, the popular sentiment is healthy and just. But when it applies the same rule to the r»1'1:^0 man who, in addition to his public p"/*0^ gives his private prospects and *".isilie89> and the results of his professional training to the discharge of special du^s> then tho Public sentiment on thi« -matter ringa false. The abstract- P-incrple that lies in the one case does not apply in the other at all. We are glibly Huent sometimes in our theorisings about the high, ideal in politics ; and i£ Ave weie sincere in all Ave say about it, the high ideal would "be a good thing. But if it were as practical as it may bo excellent, then, there would be little need for politics at all for 8g°ig&&¡££ regulate i}seKTte?J»&lnld; cease to e"isfc# _V»i,J-i-J'Tnowever, while Ave may do our best to approximate to it, we must admit that tlie high ideal does not rule in practical politics yet, and we are not yet quite sincere in all Ave say about it. It is conveniently forgotten at all inconvenient seasons, and " resurrected " in time to do party service. We use the political sentiment as the Mohawk used his tomahawk, as a weapon of assault. To put it on one side in party politics is to bury the hatchet, and then both sides Bottle down to the practical business of poli- tics together, undisturbed by any suspicion of the existence of such a thing as a political sentiment at all. If > this does not radically alter the character of what should be a poAver ful jnotive-io;ce for good, it at least mis- directs and degrades it. Where a healthy public sentiment exists, it is a standard to judge by, even if its realisation be not approached. ]fc is a guiding-star that we never really rrnch, or perhaps even try to reach, but its fhed position always shows us how far we havra overshot the mark, or fallen short of the lint which bounds the decencies and decorum of public lite and manners. It is, therefore, a good thing to have, like the Speaker's mace, tr the Standing Orders. But it Ave have it at all, Ave should have it in a delinite form, eo that it might be available when Avanted. 'Hie mace, Avhere it is in use, is allowed to rest on the tablo of the House, between two partis. As a Aveapon of assault, in the hands of amember of the Opposition, for instance, it night become a convincing factor in debate. iBut in that case theie would be serious danger of the figurative sig- nification of that hstoric emblem being for- gotten. l That pait of the(public sentiment which lays it down thit th\ politician per se should be independent jf poetics has hitherto worked Veil. In Enghnd a poor man has no chance 1 \ ! in the political world. He shares the fate of tho earthen vessel which sails with the ewers of' brass down the stream ; and of this political history has recorded several sad examples. The mon avIio ha%Te risen to eminence as statesmen and leaders of great parties have never been martyrs to the material side of the res augusta doini. Disiiajît.,1 became the leader of English Conservatism 'because, indirectly, he was relieved from the necessity of wasting his strength in small struggles by the wealth of an admiring woman. Gladstone might never have had the freedom and leisure to master the political problems ho has solved in his clay had tho fortune which was his been diverted to some other recipient. On the other hand, there must be always something sinister about the attitude of the man who has no living apart from politics, and whose public action is always open to the suspicion, degrading alike subjectively and objectively, that it may bo prompted on one side or the other by the stern necessities of everyday existence. The matter, therefore, presents two grave difficul- ties, and the solution seems to lie, as in most such cases, fairly between the two. If we insist that tho discharge of public services by public men places them out of the plane of practical or pecuniary calculations alto- gether, then Ave close the doors of public life against all whose private fortune is not equal to the sacrifice. This sentimental limitation would be more exclusive than any electoral qualification, however stringent. On the other hand, if political life and its prizes are to degenerate into a mere scramble for a living, and the old patriot's formula '"pro patria et pecunia" i is to be again a watchword, we throw the public business of the country into the hands of a class which will close the doors on all who do not belong to their own mercenary holde. The middle course seems to be the safest. It recognises the sentiment by paying no pecuniary wage to the mere politician, and admits the practical ob- jection that may be taken to its working whon it pays an adequate price for the special service that specially-qualified men may give in addition to their general political services. If this price is not fixed at a high figure, it is because the office and not the special service is what politics specifically talcos cognisance of ; and the men Avho should be appointed to high political offices aro held to be those whoso pobition as specialists is assured, and who ask to bo paid for their time, and not for the prospects they may sacrifice. At moments of great public exigency some have been found, and may occasionally bo found agaim, to sacrifico themselves and their prospects to a stem sense of public duty. Private considerations have been put aside, and personal ambitions have been voluntarily blighted, to make room for the free exercise of individual action in the Avay that seems best for the interests of the State. Such heroic epochs do not often occur. Wo are not always standing, in a political sense-Avhatever earnest men liko Carlyle may think of our moral attitude-" in the centre of immensities, in the confluence of eternities." Crises that call for epic action are rare, and instances of splendid sacrifice aro infrequent. But such as we have on record give to our national life all that it has in- spiriting or exalted, and supply us with all our noble models. It is not well to lose sight of our heritage of honourable tradition. The tendency of life and politics in neAV and necessarily practical coun- tries is too much towards a narrow concern with the exclusively concrete. The savour of old stories-of public chivalry and devotion to the high ideal, and of the lives of English gentlemen who have carried into practical politics the gallant spirit that raises its record above the sordid arena of selfish men- this is the best counteraction of such a dismal tendency. It is not necessary that an air-drawn enthusiasm should lead public men to mistake every passing jp_yjf as a crisis calling for the^liTno'd^ngev of noble qualities. ^ Bu/_ ^..^ danger in th_t V pTëLint_» recognise fitly such a crisis .riïen it comes, if ever it should come, is neither heroic nor quixotic. It is simply the result of the study of worthy models. If all the Avorld be a stage, and all the men and women merely players, it must be acknowledged that there is a considerable diversity of parts to be played. Some seem to be popular, and some are almost wholly unrepresented ; but among the most popular of all is the part of the alarmist. Whether there is any special pleas"--* iu exciting the fears of our fell-'-creatures, or whether by sb/ii-î-o »^«m with other people we diminish the force of our own, it is not easy to say. But assuredly the part of the alarmist has been run after for ages. In old days he brought the unwelcome intelligence that the Allo bragi were at the gate of the city, or that the Black Death had been imported in the travelling trunk of a newly-arrived Asiatic. He knew in the^ one case of how many thousands the army was composed ; in the other what persons had already succumbed to -the plague, and the occupations of those who had begun to sicken for it. He was sometimes right, and generally wrong ; he was listened to with open-mouthed wonder ; he en- joyed the exquisite pleasure of being the first to carry ill-tidings ; and he went his way. Since thi'n he has revisited the glimpses of the moon in many shapes. In more modern times he has been fond of fore, telling the commercial downfall of the British Empire ; his voice has been heard to declare that the coal deposits of Great Britain must soon be exhausted, and the names of Manchester or Birmingham, Leeds or Sheffield, cease for ever to be hoard in the land. He is an expert in- European politics, knows the relative strengths of the various navies, and foresees the downfall of the British supremacy in India. Last of all he is a man of science, and causes us to look with the gravest apprehension upon everything in physical nature. Milk and water-the diet of those two most innocent classes, babies and teetotallers-aro proved to bo prolific of disease and death ; the roast pig which used to delight the soul of Chaiu.es Lamb may hide trichynro under his very crackling ; un- known terrors lurk in the butcher's shop, in the ham, bacon, and cheese at the grocer's ; and sudden death lies hidden under the brilliant labels which cover tins wherein preserved vegetables and fruits saturate themselves in a saturated solution of mineral poison. Every age has its troubles, and these things must be accepted as the compensation for that freedom from alarms of battle and | murder which had to bo undergono by our forefathers. But now a new terror must bo endured. "We are assured that tho sun is going out. The matter has been deemed of sufficient importance to be made a subject of discussion in our columns by correspondents Avho ask "Is tho Sun exhausting Himself ?" The question is apparently nob aslcpd in any spirit of tender or sympathetic solicitude as at first sight might appear. Our correspondents seem anxious to determine whether the sun will become dark and cold much as a man who has only one caudle in tho house interests himself in the ' question of, tho number of hours during which it may prob- ably last. Br. Zachaby Baihiy has adopted a comfortable attitude. Ho does not seem to seo any reason why tho sun's eye should ovor have a sickly glare or the earth with age be wan. His opponents, on tho other hand, " sweep adown the gulf of Time" vvith Thomas Caiipbuli, ; they do not, it is true, go so far as the " Last Man " and indulge their humour at the exponse of a luminary to which, after all, even ho admitted that he owed his existence. But they admit that the sun will eventually become " a dark globe, solid « and opaque." Further than that no attempt ia made to trace his history. - Whether he in his turn Avili develop protoplasm and enter upon a course of natural selection we do not, of course, know. If we are to argue from the moon to the earth, and from the earth to the sun, we may go both backwards and forwards. We may suppose that what has actually taken place upon the earth may have occurred upon the moon, and may happen again upon the sun ; and the man in the moon may here- after cease to be a merely figurativo expres- sion, and become a demonstrable scientific fact. To Australians suffering all the discomfort of our summer temperature the inquiry is not without interest. It is something to think that our descendants may hereafter bo glad to escape from the irozen. solitudes of Hay to the fresh breezes of tho Gulf of Car- pentaria. But sanguino anticipations aro somewhat tempered when avo lorim that the northern part of New Guinea i<3 not likely to becomo a fashionable winter resort for some " millions of millions of mil- lenniums." Our pastoralists will be but little concerned about au increased demand for avooI which cannot take effect for a million or so of generations. We may even take leave to doubt whether so gradual a change will oven affect our descendants. The resources of natural selection appear to be so infinite that men may come to groAV their own Avoolly coverings to suit tho necessities of the times. Further, aa-o may speculate as to the possibility of the gradual evolution of a race of beings Avho may be able to exist in independence of temperature or light. We got faoitie approach to the former already in the case of certain kinds of fish ; and tho traditional toad is bolieved to afford evidonco of tho fact that light and air are merely customary requirements. Upon the merits of the controversy itself avo cunuot pretend to offer any opinion. The theory which teaches us to expect universal cold and darkness has, wo believo, been genorally accepted upon the simple principio that a fire, however largo, must eventuall}' go out if tho supply of fuel should come to an end. It is possible that the wliole question may depend upon this subordinate question of supply ; and we must leave the determination of tho source of it to our 'correspondents. We may, how- ever, remark that astronomical terrors aro not always so terrible when wo approach them as they appear to be at a distanco of a few odd millions of milos, and possibty the same thing may hold good of millions of years. Not so very many years ago the Avorld Avas in a state of apprehension about the possible conse- quences to ourselves of a collision w0$ i a comet. We believe, the* yi3itors are been agreed .thn^ubstantial than the not _ n^uflkk horatio bid Bernardo strike with, his partisan, and that we do. them wrong, being so majestical, to offer them any show of violence. At least, these bodies-or, perhaps, ghosts of defunct stars-appear to posses» no feeling but one of benevolence towards wine ; and it ia possible that a nearer acquaintance with the sun's methods may show that we bave nothing to fear from him. In any case we may surely say, " Suf- ficient unto the day is the evil thereof." In response to a motion moved by Mr. Day, member for Albury, in the Legislative Assembly yesterday, on the subject of the Devonshire street Cemetery, Sir Henry Parkes has pro- mised to give full consideration to the questions whether any more burials shall be allowed in tho cemetery, and whether the land forming tho cemotory shall, in the public interest, be re- sumed. Pull inquiry is to be made, and whatever is best to be done is to be done with tho sanction of Parliament. There can bo no doubt that the time is fast arriving, if it has not already arrived, when this cemetery shall become a thing of the past. Land which thirty or forty years ago was outside the city, and away from the centre of population, now forms part of the city, and tho increasing number and require- ments of the population make it necessary for those who desire for burial purposes a large vacant space to go further afield, and for the spaces hitherto existing to bo handed over to meet the demands of increasing business and traffic. For a long time the Devonshire- street Cemetery has been regarded as an area" of land which must, sooner or later, be devoted to railway purposes. It is close to the Redfern terminus, and would be a valuable addition to the area in which tho railway operations in connection with tho terminus aro carried on. But whether used for railway purposes or not, it must give way to the encroach- ments of population. In London old burial grounds ar,o generally transformed into public reserves set apart for public recreation. We can scarcely follow that practice here. The Town Hall is built on one of the oldest, if not the oldest, burial-ground in the colony ; and in the inevitable march of progress the Devonshire-street Cemetery must eventually give way to urgent public neces- sity. In the course of time it will bo the same with all the suburban cemeteries. Under those circumstances, tho duty of the Govornment is to seo that every respect is paid to the remains which have been intei-rod in tho places which it is found requisite to devote to other objects. The bodies, or what is loft of them, should be removed at the expense of tho Government ; and, as far as possible, in accordance wich the wiahos of survi- ving relatives. Generally speaking, they might bp takon to the Necropolis at .Rookwood, where they could be placed in a portion of ground specially set apart for thom, or in the different sections of ground apportioned there to the various denomi- nations, the monuments and gravestones being removed with them. But, if any relatives desire it, they should bo allowed to romove their dead to places of interment in suburban cemeteries, so long as those cemeteries aro used as places of burial. By adopting such a course the feelings of relatives will not be wounded, while the intorest of the general public is preserved. The promise of the PiuïHiEft that whatever course is taken it shall bo Avith the sanction of Parliament is a guarantee that nothing avíII bo done rashly or Avithout due rogard to all'tho circumstances of tho caso, and this should bo satisfactory lo ¡ill who are concerned in the rosulb of tho member for Albury's proposal. The magistrate who lieard the charge of assault arising out of the disturbance at the Agricultural ShoAV ground on tho 28th January dismissed it on tho ground of want of jurisdiction. »So far as avo can judge from tho reported evidence, it is doubt- ful whethor that was tho right tiling to do. Tho case was a very simple ono if Ave strip the compli- cations off it. According to tho evidence of Williams, tho complainant, ho was on the day in question on the Agricultural Society's ground opening tho gate", Avhon the dofondant rushod at it and struck him on tho cyo with, his fist. This statement vvas corroborated by sevoral witnesses. Tho defendant admitted that ho was ono of tho crowd that rushed tho gate, but said that tho com- plainant caught liini and struck him first. This version of tho facts was unsupported by tho evirlenco of any other Avitnoss. That is tho simple case of assault. Tho complica- tions piled up upon it had relation to tho right of tlic Municipal Council of Sydney to lease the land, Avhich appears to bo part of the Sydney Common, and the right of the Agricultural Society to charge the public for admission to tho ground. Tho magistrate seems to havo considerocl that tho defendant Avas only making a bona fide claim to entor the ground, and that as this raised tho question of right or title, his jurisdiction wai ousted. That was the view which tho Queen's Counsel who conducted tho caso desired him to take. But it is not clear that if tho advocate had been on the bench he would have allowed himself to bo persuaded to dispose of tho matter in. that Avay. The fact is that the evidence which the magistrate had hoard did not necessarily raiso the question of right or titlo. So far as the question of assault Avent, if tho cvidcuco for tlic complainant bo bolievoel the defend- ant's claim of right might have been made a present to him. Leb it be admitted for the sako of argument that the Agricultural Society's ground is public property anti that tho people of Sydney havo at all times a right of entry. Under those circumstances the complainant had an equal right with the defendant to bo upon /ho ground. Tho right of tho defendant to enter did not destroy tho complainant's right to bo thoro ; and yet, according to the evidence for tho com- plainant, Avhilst he was there, in tho enjoyment of his undoubted right, the defendant, without pro A'ocation, rushed at him and struck him. The magistrate says ho has no jurisdiction. Wo could understand that if he had said that ho believed the unsupported statement of the dofendant that tho complainant assaulted him first, and did so to prevent his going in, and that ho disbelieved tho directly contradictory statement of tho com- plainant, which was confirmed by other evidence. If that was the reason for the decision, it would have been botter had the magistrate said so. But if, on tho other hand, he attached any credit to tho evidonco of tho complainant and his wit- nesses, the case was one of simplo unprovoked assault, in which no question of right or title formed an essential element. Unless the com- plainant was tho aggressor, the question of a claim of right had no more to do with tho matter than it would with an assault by tho defendant upon a bystander. Our American letter, published yesterday, re- ferring to tho Shakesporian Revival in Now York, in which Booth and Barrett play tho parts of Brutus and Cassius in "Julius Cicsitr," says Hint the play lias foeblo drawing power, and that tho day for that sort of thing seems to have gono by for ever. Such information as this, coming from tho new world centre of literary and dramatic art, ia to all people who have regard for Shakespeare, painful. It is not because these -aro not good actors who aro playing Shakespeare, for Booth's reputation ranks with that of Salvlni and Irving, and Barrett is a scholarly capable artist who has made a name both in England and America. It is not becauso the American people are not fond of litorature " such as tho great drama- tist produced, . because every little town in America has its Shakespeare Socioty, and the instincts of tho people are toward a higher culture. It is not becauso, boing a now country, tho peoplo aro not alive to the beauties of the legitimate drama, but it is bocauso the spirit of tho times demands novelty, and is moro_ concerned "for action than for fisnjñaKespcfjroi is being relegated ! tli.iiiJ'fetud'y, and pooplo are going to the theatre to find amusement and picturesqueness rather than to see reproduced historic characters or tho embodiments of bygone genius and achievement. This is to be sopn everywhere. Tho theatres that furnish light entertainment aro crowded ; tho legitimate drama gathers tho feAv. Coqueiin, Saxvini, Irving can draw good houses, but they get after all but a small proportion of tho theatre going public, and none of them grows rich through Shakespeare. Irving spends all ho makes to produce his plays, while Saxvini depends on "starring" and avoids expenses, preferring to have such recognition as lus goniu3 brings than to crowd his theatre at his own cost. The trouble is that solid dramatic entertainments have not that attraction which they once had, and Shakespeare is to the vast majority but a name to conjure by. Last year the dramas of Shakespeare wero being played in this 'city at three theatres, and by no mean actors, but thero wore no fortunes made. It seems possible to put Shakespeare on the stage for short seasons, but thero is little chance of -having a prolonged run. However, though this may be so, that even for a few weeks or months in a year it can bo pro- duced is a satisfaction, considering the present taste for melodrama and for the frothiest kind of comedy. Wo cannot but think too that our correspondent has taken a pessimistic view of tho case, and whilo Irving, Booth, and Saiatni and the other great actors keep loyal to the only real dramatist of modern times, we can still afford to be hopeful. Since taste as all things else travels in a circle, we may come back again somo day to the perihelion of Shakespeare. 