Shreds and Patches, THE ghost of a show appears IN " Hamlet." THE very poor and the very rich can afford to keep dog a. IT would be. hard work for parrots to grow green withenvy. " No," spM the butter ball; " these are not hard times with me." WHEN a thin man visits you, lodge liira in the spare room, of course. NEVER use boiling water to wash an iufant. effect on the skin is injurious. AT Frankfort-on-the-Main recently a woman was divorced because she did not know how to cook. THE reason why birds clean out a fruit-tree BO quickly is that they take the fruit away a peck at a time. Its CINDERELLA'S Bisters thought the Prince was a slippery customer. They could not catch him. A WORD that' is largely used and should begin ito show signs of wear and tear is, "You'll, liave .to-t>all •again." THE Queen of Belgium has contributed m n i to the progress made in music in her country of late years. AN advertisement for a, wife in Berlin recently brought 27.7 answers; eighty- seven of whom were widows. THAT one swallow does not make a summer may be true, but one mosquito can make it hot enough for anybody. "THE Postage Stamp" is the name of a new play. It ought to succeed, by gum ! If it fails its dates will be cancelled. A GREAT actress may be known to be quick- tempered, but she is generally equally celebrated for her felicity in making up. OF ;FJ BW AIRTNT;™. 1 NVW/WP harp. Life Is IUU i>f quefer tilings. ©UV^IPWB-M NEVER allow a child to lean against a red-hot stove, or to sit on it. Carelessness in these matters often leads to painful consequences. "LIGHT chocks are in demand for silk petticoats," is the statement of a fashion "Authority; which will be indignantly denied by the husbands who sign the chcquos. A !iEH' drama is entitled "The Mystery of a Hansom Cab." The fact that the cabman charged a roasonable fa cis probably the mystory. HE. —It's getting quite cool. Don't J T ou think you ought to have something around you? She.—Thanks; your arm will he sufficient. LITTLE MINNIE.—Ob, mamma, what is that dreadful noise up-stairs ? - Mamma.—Hush, darling, it's papa trying to save the price of a shave. POET.—How's the demand for verse this summer? • Editor.—Very 6lack. You see, we haven't any fires to kindle now. MAGISTRATE.—Tinder whatcircumstancQS, Uncle Rastus, were you induced to violate the law ? Uncle Ilastus.^Dey was mitigatin' circumstances,sah ; dats whatdey?WBS. . - THEY were seated on a grassy bank. " Maude,' he said, "do you not love to listen to the music of the brook as it babbles ceaselessly on?" "Yes, dear, the babbling of a brook is very pleasant." HE. —Why does that Miss Jaundice always wear Lilies-of-the-Valley? She.—I can't imagine—particularly as flowers of the plain would be so much more appropriate;',, ".ARE you engagedinquired a pert young lady, stepping briskly up to a llildura buckboard driver, 1 who was lounging indolently across the ffont seat.' " Lord, no I Are you ?" was the prompt reply.' SHE {after " Midsvmmer Nighfs Dream '").~T cannot understand- how the author could make such a; bfiautiful gifl love such an ugly thing as Bottom, He.—Well L er perhaps Bottom had money, you know. POLICEMAN' [to Bron n, who is dinging to a lamp-, post).—'.Shall I help voiiover to your house, Mr. Brown ? Mr, Brown.—No, shunneBhy. House be- (hie) here in - minute; can see it comin'. Been 'round twishe already.' THE King of Dahomey has had an Umbrella made for him which measures twenty-one feet in diameter. He-is bound to get his wives to church without spoiling their bonuetB, if it' is a poBBible thing. ' *MADAME {£O French cook applying for a place).— Your accent, Mario, ss not strictly Parisian. French Cook.—No, mum; mo husband, hiven rest his sowl, was Dublin born, and it is hifi accint that I have absarbed a troifle. BEFORE AND AFTER. THEY call each other " Dearie" And bill and coo and smile- But dear, delightful deariB Is " Drearie " after while. Mjss ETHEL [coixftdentially).— Do you know, Clara, that I had two offers of marriage last week. Miss Clara (with enthusiasm).—Oh, I am delighted, dear!' Then the report' i6 really true that your uncle left you his money. "WHY, bless your h^art, Erasmus, dis yere fortygraf ain't like yoil no how. "it makes yer loot ten ya'rs- older dan you. is.' 1 \ " l "Dat'eall right, honey. I needn't git annuder tooken for de nex' ton yarn. Beo!" ' ^ ;MR. SLIM BRAIN {fishing; for a compliment).— •Bobby, what did your ^lstar ea^. when she heard'that I was going to stay to supper again to-night? \ Bobby.—Let me sep—pb, yes, ehe said Mr. Sliuabrain iinust think wo&eBp; a hofceL \ "'MR;' J O H N S I m y opinyun dis horse hab Africaa bloofl in hittj.; : Mr ."White.—What makfes you think so, brudder ? i Mr. Johnsing.—Jest look at dem feet of his'n. Reg'Wr nigger feet .like .mine and yourn. * Hil<t0J&'JoneBi' where are you going? 1 ' " Getting ready ^o develop my gold mine." '•^What machinery do you choose? ' " Nbne.- I'll jlAVe my wife along. She'll be'eure to fltad the pockets if there aro any." iss.T3OCI'NGTON,—And when we are married, dear, tiiope you won't smoke those horrid, odiua cigars -uroundfthe house. . . - % , ,Mr. BJIUngton—Why, no, darling,' . I think a pipe is nulchUiore hoinelike; don't ypu?: BROWN.—You don't look well lately, Robinson, i'.'-Itoblnson—No; I can't sleep at night on aocount of ; lung trouble. ' - \- Brown.—Nonsense ; your lungs are all right. • " - ••Robinson.—Yes, mine are; the trouble is with the baby's. . , ; XERYOOS PASSENGKR {on uthyb'ack railroad)*.*— Conductor, why aro we rupning'at such a frightful rate of speed? . Conductor (reassuringly).—There's a rotten bridge,- madam, half a mile ahead, and we want to got over it with as little strain as possible. MR. JOHNSING.—Dar am a mighty pow'ful preapher down at de chu'ch, Cicely; yo' oughter. come hear him. Mrs. Yallerby.—What he done preach on yest'day ?; Mrs. Johnsing.—I disremember jus 1 now; but, O Lordy ! how ho can jus'holler an' stomp, WHILE Mr Donuelly is tangling himself in a snarled ciper to prove that Mr. Bacon wrote Mr. Shakespeare's plays, let us prove it in a simple way.' Take the word "Hamlet." Consider that hamlet means a little ham. Consider again that ham Js a correlative of bacon; and there you are. Its very easy when you know how. • \- ARTIST.-—Yes: sir, I can enlarge this photograph, and give you a speaking likenes?. Widower (whose know l edge-of art terms is limited, but who has a very vivid remembrance of.- deceased).— A Bpeaking likeness 1 I would- like the portrait, but—I—er —don't care to have it talk much. RASTUS (a late acquisition from, the, wayback, on presenting a visiting card to hismistress).— Mum, there's tWo of 'em waiting at the door. MiBtress.— Why on earth didn't you invite thfem in? Rastus— Sartiuly, mum, you didn't want two on one ticket, did you ? OFFICE BOY [to country editor). — Man outside, sir, wants to see the editor. Editor (anxiouily). — What does he want of the editor ? ' Boy.—Says he wants to mop the floor with him. Editor (relieved).—Oh, show him in. I was afraid it 1 was somebody come to stop hiE paper., : A LITTLE girl was walking along the street with her mother, and noticing a negro woman wheeling a white baby in a carriage, said : "Mamma, is that baby that woman's child ?" " Why, no, I guess not. Why do'you ask ?" " Well, if it is hers I thinkshe has dreadful poor taste. Why doesn't she get a baby to match ?" MRS. LENOX HILL, Jr. (getting ready to leave town).—Lenox, where shall I hide these silver spoons, in case thieves break in ? Do you think between the mattresses would be a good place ? Mr. Lenox Hill, Jr. (who knows what he is talking about.) Nonsense! Put them into one of your dress pockets in the closet, and if a burglar finds that he deserves the Spoons! ^lati^iiuaUtoofe'effe&tiniftYytttraatiohe;^oktiM^fi , •of ft chair in a barber]s shop. "I shall want the part made in the middle," ho said to the attendant who waited ou him. The latter studied the bald crauium for some time and then askeil with a puzzled exprassion : *' But, please, sir, what shall I do with the third hair ?" BOBBY (iooHng out of the window).—What's the matter with that horse, mamma ? Mother.—The horse iB jibbing, Bobby; he won't obey his driver. Bobby.—Well, what's the man patting him for ? Mother.—He is coaxing him. Bobby (with an injured air).—That -ain't the way you treat me when I jib. OLD GENTLEMAN.—Strange ! I don't see a grave of a person as old aa I am. His Daughter.—Why of course not, father, you must remember this is a comjiaratively new cemetery. "No poet should wait until he is fired with the subject," eaye an essayist. But it seems to us that the time when a poet must feel least of all like writing is just after lie haB been flred with his subject. PATER. —Well, Charles, what conclusion have you arrived at in regard to business? Graduate.—I haven't thought of anything seriously, father, only Thave made up tny mind to be the architect of my own fortune. Pater.—Humph I It seems to mo as though, with your education, you might do better than build air-castles. Guess I'll put you in the leather business. WHY HE DIDN'T PLAY. " Do you play whist, Mr. Goodfellow ?" "No, Miss Winner, I don't." " That's too bad. Why don't you play ?" " Well, to tell you the truth, I regard it as a waste of time. Aud I don't like gameB of any kind. Iamalways a loser." "Well, well. Of course it requires some intelligence /to play successfully." MANGLED MELODY. A SITJSIC-Boon may be described as a volume of ®ouud. The hand organ is not ah infernal machine, but it is au infernal nuisance. The law allowing three days' grace on a bill does not apply tomusicianB; they must take up the notes at sight as they come due, or the whole will go to protest. ..When you consider how the banjo is fretted, it's no wonder it makes such a noise. A harpist ie not necessarily tiresome to listen to, even though the performer is always harping on the same old strings. HOME RULHKS. WOMAN may be the weaker vessel, but she's not jugged as often as a man. We consider this business of making fun of women who cateh sight of a mouse a holler mockery. Women are pleased when likened to birds, but not to all kinds of birds. It is dangerous to call a woman an old hen. The man who invented the typewriter did more towards giving women their writes than all the women suffrage associations in the country. SENSATIONAL GAOL VISITOR.—Of what were youaccuBed. • Interesting Gaol-bird.—Stealing a watch, sir. I proved an alibi with nine witnesses and had eleven witnesses for character, but iliey gave me four yems all the same. S. J. V. (amaxed).—I don't seo why you were not acquitted. I. B.—Well," Bir, there was ono weak point in my defence. S. J. V.—And that was . I. B —They found the watch in my pocket. AFTERWARD. " NEVER," he vowed it, " while life may last, Can I love again. I wilj}die unwed." " And I, too, dear, since our^ream is past, I will live Binqle," she sppbingsaid. A storm of farewells—of v$ld good-byes- He rushed from the spot, like an outcast soul. She hid in a pillow her streaming eyeB, And wept with anguish|beyond control. Just five years afterward, jijbey two mot At a vendor's stand, in aiioisy street; He saw the smile he coul<\<jD6'er forget, And ehe the eyes that w,ere more than sweet. " U, O Kate Kutfi I I' U, n Marry Hurru I !" ( t "plow "(How well well you you look look 1" I" " I stopped," ho said, "just to geta 'oy For my litte girl." " I wailtetl a book," She softly said, " for m^ilittle boy." 