OUR AMERICAN LETTER [From our own Correspondent] New York, January 6.1888. The tariff has poshed every other political issue into the background, and will certainly be the crucial question in the Presidential election. To those of us wLo were full grown at the time of the war .'t is well nigh impossible to believs that ihe country can be carried by a policy jiiat, as Mr. Beecher would have eaid, evtn "equinta" at free-trade; bat Mr. Cleveland and his advisees seem to be still resolute in their purpose to stand £im to theLr principles. The South is looked upon £8 inflexibly solid for the Democratic party, tariff or no tariff, and in order to win it is only necessary in addition to get Uew York and tiro or three of the other northern states. In the North there will be wholesale changes in the membership of the re spective parties. The working men, who. were once stanch Democrats, bat who have in many localities recently largely joined the United Labor parly, will not unlikely swing round to the party of pro tection, even though it should Btill bear the distasteful name of Republican. As to the Labor party, its leaders them selves confess that its alms most be de ferred until the more pressing question that has now come up shall have been settled, and this is the more obvious, because it is itself hopelessly disunited on this very matter. Mr. George and Dr. McGlynn are both freetraders, bat the great bo)k of their supporters are firm protectionists, and this fatal difto rerce no doubt did much in the last elec tion to weaken the party. Mr. Blame, in his attack on the mas sage, has been followed by Senator Sherman, who is also a candidate of the first magnitude for the Presidential aoc cee&ion.; Blame ?as afraid of the pro* hibitionlsts (as was only natural in a man hailing from the state of Neal Dow), and so declared for the whisky tax remaining as at present, and could only suggest for the abolition of the surplus that the money should be divided np pro rats among the states. But Sherman *"*¥ found a way of sweeping sway the whisky tax without hurting the feelings of the temperance people. He shows that atleait half of *il the alcohol distilled is used in the industrial arts, and not as a beverage, and then draws the attention of the country to the state of things that prevailed before the war, when under a system of free dwtilling the farmers made a good deal of money by themselves turning their surplus grain and fruit into spirits. The imposition of the whisky tax changed all this, because to avoid. iHj^t-. distilling the Government required every distiller to furnish heavy bonds and to pay for a special inspector in ?verf distillery. Why not now rev?rt to the old system, and leave die task of regula* ting the consumption of spirits as a beve rage entirely ia the hands of the local authorities ? This suite the views of the more ardent temperance people, and at the same tune meets the wishes of the fanners; and so it really seems as though a means had been discovered by which the Republicans can go be fore the people advocating the abolition of the entire internal revenue system without being met by the cry—?? You tax blankets, but take the tax off whisky." Of course, if the whisky tax is abolished there will be no necessity for reducing the tariff, at least for the present, and the. existing protective system may he left undisturbed without danger of a constant surplus. The most successful argument against prohibitioniem has been that it does not prohibit, and so now the protectionists are opposing the redaction of the tariff with the cry that it will not reduce—that ia, that it will not reduce the revenue. Copious examples are given showing th.it the lowering of the tariff has been fol lowed by an increase of importations which more than counterbalanced the loss to the revenue. It follows as a matter of course that reduction to be effective will ultimately mean entire abolition, and that hi its turn will mean the exposure of the American workman naked to the com petition of his European enemies. The freetraders reply that lower wages may still allow of a higher standard of living:: because of the cheapening of all the articles of prime necessity, but they make little headway with this wyw*. Congress has only just began the dis cussion of the main question, bat it is already plain that the Democratic members from ti>e Nortk are following the lead of Mr. Cleveland more as a matter of necessity than of choice. They have constantly in mind the constituencies that elected them, and they know that even if they will gain many free-trade votes, they will certainly lose shoals of Democratic protectionists. In their heart of hearts they bitterly resent the burden cut npon them by the President, but it is now utterly out of the question to look about for another candidate. Mr. Cleveland and the solid South hold absolute control of the party machinery, and have de termined to role or ruin. Some consola tion is found in the fact that the President bas practically lAanAtmnA bisCivtl Service policy, and that the personnel of the de partments is being put upon a partisan, basis. This gives at once what is after all the grand end and aim of American statesmen—patronage; and even if the wheel of fortune should at the coaxing election give a disastrous torn, the sweets of psst possession can still be treasured up aB a fragrant remembrance. It is already plain, too, that the coming struggle will be the most expensive in the history of the country. A couple of months ago in New York City the Demo crats set the 4?iwpt? of wholesale corrup tion. The cat ia gradually coming out of the bag, and the public are finding out what it really coat, in a city which baa a natural majority of 60,000 for the Damo cracy, to elect an unpopular head of the ticket for district attorney by £3,000. The liquor dealers, in return (or promises, of being leniently dealt with in indict ments for violations of the excise law, contributed nearly 250,000 dollars, and the candidates put op about as much into the general fund. Some of such candidates were judges of the Supreme Court, their assessment being fixed at 25,000 dollars, and the oath of office they have since token required them to swear that they had given neither money nor the promise of patronage nor of any other valuable thing, directly or indirectly, to secure their election. These vast earns wera used to debauch both Republicans and United Labor men, and what it means may be seen from the fact that each vote gained, cuteide of the 20,000 persons working under the city or city contractors, cost on an average nearly 10 dollars. Next year, aa in the last Presidential election, everything will almost certainly turn upon the vote in New York city. Ibose of us who are fairly # well ac quainted with practical politics look for ward to an outbreak of bribery such as will probably compel a reform of existing election methods. A committee bas just reported that they found in control of the Republican machine aa "captains" of election districts In one ward alone more than 22 notorious criminals, and they publish the names and illicit occupations of the pontons referred. to. All these abuses cap, as is claimed, be done away with by adopting the Aas tralian elective sjstem; but there is little probability of reform until some dangerous manifestation of public indignation com* pels a change. And not unlikely jast euch a manifestation will take plaao, immediately after next election day. Ocean travellers have suddenly awakened to the presence of a near danger. A couple of yean ago an ingenious person named Leary conceived the idea of saving the freight on lumber by cutting it in Canada, making it up into a huge iaft and towing it to New York, Thus twe-tbuda of tb? value of the lumber at' tltis dtr could be appropriated as profit. The raft was built of colossal proportions. Vot a stick In it was less than 26 feet long, and they run from that up to 74 feet In length, the latter being 3 feet in diameter at the butt and 10 inches at the top. It was 526 feet long, and the logs were held together in the shape of a huge cigar by 54 tons of chain. It was com-, pleted more than a year ago, bat stuck In sliding down to the water, and lay buried 10 feet deep in the mud. With very great trouble, after a year of. delay. It was at last launched and comoiitted to the care of a tug of not very grea+.capacity. Having successfully carried i\ Into the path of the transatlantic Bfreamers, the fcawser broke in a gale and the tug noncbalently left it to Its fate. The feelings of the undexwriteTs may be better imagined than describe/i. In hot haste the Maritime Sxchange sent a tug to the rescue; the owner or the raft sent ont another; private speculators sent yet two more; and lastly, the United States Government dispatched a revenue cutter to fa?4 and destroy the raft. Unluckily | the weather was bad, and several steamers were ? day or more late, and In each case ?f course the friends of the passengers wen rare that the big raft had been the cause of a great disaster. At length the revenue cotter suddenly steamed in to several square miles of logs, and it was evident that the raft bad broken np in ? gale. Fortunately ft held together long enough to drift out of the steamer track, but for months to come these huge logs will be carried op by the gulf "stream, and some of them may yet da'terrible mischief. Yet Mr. Leary gaily announces that he Is going to make another attempt with yet another raft next year, and there does not seem to be any short and simple way to stop him. Legislation will be required alike in the Dominion and here to effectually prohibit such reckless disregard of the general safety; Even if the raft had come through all tight, it might atQl at night have been the means of sinking a steamer, for it was unprovided with lights; and a vessel, seeing the lights of the tug, might without suspicion of danger steer a quarter of a mile astern of It Mr. Edison's new laboratory and work shop b now almost finished, and Is the most complete establishment of the kind in the world. Every known substance and appliance of importance will be in cluded In its stock. The order book now chows S.OOC chfminalu, every kind of ?crew made, every sized needle, "every kind of cord and wire made, human hair and hah- of hones, cows, rabbits, goats, mink, camels, &c; , all skins, silk of every texture, cocoons, hoofs of all sorts, sharks' teeth, deer horns, tortoise shell, every kind of cork, resin, glass, varnish and oils, jet, amber, meerschaum, ores and metals. The main boflding is 250 by 50 feet, with three stories, and there are four other bufldings 25 by 100 feet each. In the machine shop everything from a watch to a locomotive can be turned out at a day's notice. There will be 18 aa afstantp, each with his own experi mental table, supplied with hot and cold water, distilled water, hydrogen, oxygen, live steam, compressed air, ffinminatisg gas, electricity of three Afferent pressures, electric light, and a waste pipe. The total cost of the labora tory will be nearly 200.000 dollars, and its nmntrg expense! not lea than 1,000 dollars a week. And, of course, Mr. Xdiaon hopes to make bis inventing busi ness make him a lucrative return. To a gnat extent, however, he Intends to dis pense with the protection of the Patent Office, which he believes, under Mining methods, merely enables thieves to rob the Inventor of hfe just due. This is true of other countries besides this; and in Europe, of late years, the tendency has been more and more to rely upon secret methods of maniifantnrea than upon the pro* tectton of a patent. Just at present Edison is very sensitive on this subject, because a new company has been formed to ntffise the principle of his phonograph, and the people interested in ft have sne oeeded in floating over a million of dollars worth of stock at par, and the stock even now sdls at SO per cent, premium. The new machine is ?aled the graphophone, and answers wwy purpose of a shorthand amanuensis. Yen talk Into a tabs as fast aa yen please, aad then the machine dic tates ft back at any rate yon choose to fix the clockwork at Edison's rights were recognised by an oflbr of a quarter of a million of dollars, but this was refused, and so lbs pirates coolly went ahead with out Us sanction. Edison has hastily re atxsnged his old invention, and the two ?tachmes will be put on the market within less than 10 days. Then each aide will enter caveats against the other, and there will be a tedious legal straggle, last lag probably over the greater part of the five years during which Edison's original patent yet MbUs good. Sdhon's dominant dream for the moment Is a pyro-magneUc taarfcine — designed to get electricity directly from coal, without the leakage inevitable from the intervention of steam. Then would be a saving in this of four fiftfcs of the energy of the coal, aad a steamer burning 125 tons of coal a day andd get the same work done with 25 torn. Australians who may have seen Edbon as be was a few years ago, as thin as a fence nil and pale as a ghost, would now scarcely recognise him, for he weighs 190 pounds and la plump and rosy faced. The reign of Bnggfah fashions shows no sign of abatement.' Almost weekly some sew "fsa uisfntrodaoed. Mr. Lorfllard a year or so ago tried to make a pheasant preserve at Tuxedo Park and failed, the pheasants refusing to stay hi the enclo sure and befog incontinently shot by the "pot-hunters" whenever they got out side its precincts. Now a Mr. Ruther ford Stuyvesant is trying the same thing again on a larger scale, and if successful will be able to give a unique entertain ment hi the ahape of a pheasant battue on American sofl. This will set him up nicely as a leader hi the inner world of ten-milHonairedom. The funniest of American Anglicism, however, has been th? ?imaltaneous introduction at several colleges of the tasselled college cap — tfcat awful "mortar-board" which at some English schools has been occasionally utilised as an instru ment of physical punishment. Cornell has adopted ft; so has Columbia; and Ann Arbor will do so as soon as a satis factory model can be agreed upon. Ameri cans who are hi the forties must wonder what the world is combe; to. When they were in their teens anything in the shape of a uniform was eschewed as a badge of servitude. Yet now the post-office carriers asd the railway men and the district messenger boys, even the Broadway eur facecarcondnctors,a?eequippedinneatand even hi some cases almost gaudy distinc tive garments, without any sense of degra dation. Every second man, too, carries a badge of some kind. The Grand Army men have a curious kind of button hi the left lapel of their coats ; the college boys have mystic combinations of Greek letters on their breats ; Masons run more than ever to demonstratively Masonic watch charms and finger rings ; and hundreds of othersodeties maketheirmembers walking advertf-emMi^e of tbeir existence. Two professional tatooists find steady employ, ment smopg the foolish of both sexes. Political philosophers might find In all tin* a protest against the dead level of mental and material uniformity which obtains under democratic Institutions; but probably its real meanine is merely that the fashion has taken this path, and another generation will swing round again to Republican simplicity. We are having our usual winter coal etrlke—as a matter of course. So far its effects are comparatively mild, the coal company, for good reasons of its own, befarg desirous not to alarm the public by raking the price. Ever since September the Lfthigh Valley mines have been Hie, and now the Racing system, both miners and railroad' men, have been ordered out by the Knights of Labor, i In all Uils mates about 60,000 men ; and In other days, before strikes became a necessary feature of everyday life, the matter would have excited extraordinary interest. Now we merely discuss calmly w}>.ich of the two combatants will lose "most, and upon this point in the present case opinion la about equally divided. The miners, In a chlvalrlc way, have passed a resolution offering a reward of 2,000 dollars for the conviction of anyone who ehall injure in any way the property of the company, but none tie less a telegraph building was mysteriously burned doirn, ar.d bo cynical people refer to the story of the orator who begged bis audience not to nail a certain person's ears to the pump. Mysterious secret circulars have also been Issued, stating (for the thousand and first time) that this is the critical struggle of the age between capital i and labor, and that Socialists, Anarchists, and friends of labor of all kinds should lend aid to the oppressed strikers. The real Inner core of the quarrel 1b that old question of etiquette—whether a union man and a non-union man can work together at the same business. There is a good deal of other talk about wages and hours, bat the men are now paid folly up to the standard prevailing elsewhere, and peace would be proclaimed to-morrow if the company would yield absolutely up to the Knights of Labor the privilege of dic tating whom it should hire and discharge, j Very ugly disclosures have recently come ont in regard to the financial management of the Knights, and the order has suffered severely In consequence. Its principal officers get very handsome pay, but have added to their salary by jobbery and ex travagant claims for expenses. As a re snlt many of the members have joined the Federation of Labor, which is managed on a basis of extreme economy, the president receiving a salary of only l ; 200 dols. a year Instead of the 5,000 dels, which is paid by the Knights to their grand master workman. Some of the anti labor journals predict the speedy collapse of all the labor organisations, but the signs of the times are all in the opposite direction. The working men are guilty of many follies, but they steadily thow increased power of self-control and better judgment. A very few yean more will probably ccc them in political control at least of some of the principal cities, and their power will be the more secure because they will have learned by frequent defeat some of the essential secrets of party warfare. The general course of business is very good in spite of the free-trade agitation and of the coming contest for the Presi dency, The retail holiday trade was enormous, and shows that the spending capacity of the people at large is steadily increasing. In Christmas week Four teenth-street and Sixth-avenue were fre quently impassable, and were literally one of the great sights of the world. Nowhere else In the same area—and the area is by nomeans?canty—could be found anything approaching the same degree of activity and animation. Some day in the future our New York streets scenes will find worthy painters alike with the brush and the pen. Fscosnra has already shown in a few pieces that the field is worth working. The railroad returns continue to be enor mous, and show a steady increase in volume and aa equally steady decrease in the relative percentage of net earnings. This is traceable to the inflaenoe of the Inter-State Commission, which forces the roada to honestly compete for the traffic. Stockholders are also in the end better off, for fair rates bring larger business, and it is far better to do a great business at a small profit than to secure a great profit on a small business. Everything pouts to a year of fair prosperity, without either " booms" or panics. The theatres have survived the compe tition of the holidays, and now hope to make a little money. Booth and Barrett are playing "Julius Caesar* at the Academy to houses which are only fairly good. Daly's Railroad of Love" la still running, and the seats are sold for weeks ahead. Mr. and lbs. Florence have just finished their tuna' metropolitan season of a fortnight in "The Mighty Dollar" and "JDombey." In March J. 8. Clarke hope* to arrange for a theatre in New York, and it will be the first time In many yean that we have had the pleasure of seeing him. Bis son is also to be Introduced to tv in the high legitimate—Hamlet, of all things in the world. At the Metropolitan, Wagner, with occasional lapses into the music of the present, holds the stage, and the ?eaaon has been exceptionally brilliant and lucrative. There are no new plays, with the exception of one at Wallack'a, by SelinaDolaro, "In the Fashion," which practically was vtOlborn. 