BE-0 " ; WE 5NING SERVICES AT THE ; EYAN CHURCH, COROWA. n» Mr Lith'tiat. KinRsl jay evening a lecture on "Charles by the;. jjja qjj work," was delivered procee ov< pt Warner, in the church. The rondei n<Ta wnm nnf»npdi with a charming Faces, 0j e well-known song "Dream aang 4 Mies Clarke. Mrs. Sayer also The bjby M with excellent effect. . the r jtainnan then rose to annoijince entert ll gtious and Bolid part .fit' a feeli Ihent, He Btated that it was with ; acted t|Uf" tbo greatest reluotahco that he uriuse njbairman, becanse. he was totally on tl Ll position, and ho hoped thoi pardo :| grounds the andience would was w I— short-comings on his part. It he w 5k feeling of great disappointment that/ ijesed the very .small gathering on ac not on his own account, but wuuu flint 01 bis iriena, air. warner, . i. — veryRfech a small attendance 4 must lie that 1 jjuheartonibg. There, was no doubt siderfl u0Bb hove given Mr. Warner con- 4 also h || |ronblo to get up bin leoturo, .and 6 i occupied considerable time. He hiid cji to eeo tbo Biibjecfc the; leptnrer, than ljuioh' to epeak on waa a better, one more xTlaat, and ono that he waa probably profaclLnaintea witb- Without further Warnelll . A„ti nn f'.n Ti„». Frederia The?' which llayi Warner eaid the subject on itself ibi.wss to lecture always presented thore it£j,0 forln 0f many pictures. First tha leoytj. reaper in a field.of stubble, and and if 'IPqr felt that he was that reaper, etnbbleNamdience wanted any more, than to drawMTt evening, they must permit him impossin\m,0 etoreB of others. It would be wriltonJTiVe veckon np tho pons thst hod eloqnonetlFoje tongues that had waxed Kingsler)! I this onticing theme — CharleB in his nini\ the second plsoe there vroa gazing al somo iVe a spectacle of' a man picture, q't crowat-k of art, eomo colehrated ho was nhablo to apm so closo to it that Both hiafendlonce and hims»te its merits, position.! Thirdly there was preBei that him tho Heal ot a eon filled with ftllAed to poweringytpvo for a father;, and horo n over he was thfi son, for he rwaa fill®" " e felt great loYuInd venorationV for the flnbJlth a his leotara Ho weolA now tal"iot of andience lijo tho past and Vn">sit the j,a place of CLarles Kingsley fiiLJ9-' 71 birth- Tho lecturer then proceeded to" 'jbunger. picture of (he Devonshire' scenery draw o surrounded Uhs homo of the KinJ whieh Tho rev. gentleman then gavo an outline' of Charles Kingaloy's childhood, of his, story io the haunted honse, and yonng Kingeley's ihdifference to ghosts; his schooldays at Clifton when bo displayed a remarkable knowledge of human character. Mr. Warner then dwelt on Charles Kingsley's popularity at the university, and how be then cava evi,lnnoen of that force of character. That onergy whioh were after. wards so app«rGat. It was tho sort ot onergy which, enabled Luther to hurl definnco at the city of the seven hills, that bridged the Rubicon for Cmsar, that urged Columbus, on bis voyage of discovery,' There wero tiwo noticcabto events In Charles Kiogsicj'a life at the university. It was thcro bo first met his future wife, and it w9 thoro that tha choice of a profession was placed before him ' and tnut choice lay between the law and tho, gospel. He ehoso the latter, and from the commoVicemeiit put all his strength and onergy intA the work. Mr. Warner commented eeveVcly on the claes of people of both eexos wli0 did not do work, and as far as the fair ee was concerned oxprcssed a preference for Washerwomen. Returning to his subjeot hex told thorn that (or twelve months Kingsloyl Was curate of Evaraley and eubsequoutljl dealt with him as vicar of tho same placA Mr. Warner thon went through a list Pot the most prominent literary mon wbi. wero contemporaries Si Charles Kingsfojh';. instancing Chariest, Darwin, Lord Maa-ahley, Charles Diokens, Sir Walter Scott, Akhthony Trollopo, Buljver- Lytton, Thaokenfty, , Carlyle,. and lord ,, Byron. Tho laBt Wjained the lootnrer'eir ) sidered was a comfpound of half angel, al V, half — not. Mr. Warner said he felt ifi. ! elined to weepH over Byron's grave V Politicians, too, hoRd flouriehed in Kingsley's ! time. Lord Palmeftaton. Lord Beaconsfleld, ' Mr. Gladstone, antd Mr.. Bright. Dealing 1 with Kingsley's wi arks the .lecturer spoke '' in warm- praise, o Westward Ho," and "Alton Locke," anil also eeveral of Kingsley's poems, jiOhhrles Kingsley had been greatly misnHaerafcood; in his life time said Mr. Warner, bnt he-had always treated hostility with eifent conteiiipt. When urged to retaliate with his pen, he always said life1 was' fai' |too short to always be quarrelling . and .arguing. Towards the close -Mr. Warner, dwelt on Kingsley's death, and was accompanied in this portion of his leoturo by Mies Duncan who played with great feeliug the' (solemn "Dead Maroh" from " Saul." IrJ conclusion Mr. Warner urged hia heaisrs to imitate Charles Kingsley in oneSgreat paint, in striving to be goddi f . Tha Chairman said hej must all. have been deeply intertsled in (iu lecture whieh ' hod been bo ably delivdedfby Mr. Warner that .evening. - (Mr. /Warner had on in previous occasion (own thorn what women wero made of.pd to-night he had shown them what.'.mejfwere mado of, and ! what ho (Mr. "Wafer) was made of. j CharleB Kingsley's ffe was one which j shonld be carofully-edied by everyone, in j order to show thdituow to attqin better things. In evOTWord that ' Charles Kingsley wrote. (tW wao a deep and beautiful meaning! After the collect! Mibb Barber oharmed the audience with >ays of happy ohild- hbod," and Miss Ji son brought .a pleas- ' snt evening to a ie with Half mast high." -j; . ' ft 