BROADBBIM'S OTIOEK LETTER. Ten years ago ia all of this great city no two names were better known than those of George Law and Jesse Hoyt. Both had been indentified with the city's business under takings and speculations for many years, and both bad succeeded in accumulating several millions of dollars; both, of them had succeeded also in earning the detestation of their fellow men by lives of meanness and oppression, so that when death overtook them there were 110 mourners-nothing but ex pectant heirs, who were mostly disappointed in their taking off. In many respects there was a wonderful resemblance between tbe two men ; the natures of both were grasping and pitiless; debtors were pursued with ferocity till tlie uttermost farthing was paid ; forgiv ness of an obligation was unknown to them ; penurious in tbe if style of living, it seemed to be tbe business of their lives to pinch and screw and add to the golden pile, which they expected would be their monuments. Jesse Hoyt was a general speculator in produce, and George Law was mixed up in many great undertakings with steamboats and railroads, and at tbe time o£ his death was the owner of the lease of one of the principal ferries between New York and Brooklyn. While George Law lived She ferry-houses were the most wretched wrecks, the ferry- boats were dis reputable old hulks, that daily and hourly threatened the lives of the passengers. Prayers and entreaties were alike in vain. Whilst the passengers suffered George Law piled up the dollars that he never could en joy, and he kept on piling them up till one J day death came knocking at the door. His family was small, consisting of his wife and one son-a young man whose recent perfor mance at Saratoga has set all New York agog. When old George Law, after accumulating several mil!ions, was called to his final ac count, this hopeful young gentleman was the only heir to the enormous wealth. He had hardly laid his father in the grave, and got possession of his bankbook, when he started out to see the world, which up to that moment was as much of a blank to him as the Mountains of the Moon. He made the acquaintance of a pack of gamblers, prize fighters and fast men, and the fact that some of his chosen associates had served time in States Prison, seemed rather a recommendation than j a detriment. One can easily understand, that with unlimited means and such company there was not much on the shady side of life that this modern Caligula did not see. The prize ring, the race- course and the gambling hell knew him well, and in their support his millions fiowfld like water. The crowning act of shame and folly took place at Saratoga, when he invited a party of gamblers and toughs into a saloon and sent for a prominent jeweller of the town and presented the entire crowd with diamond rings and studs, the aggregate value of which .was nine thousand dollars. George Law left a colossal fortune, but if his heir is not restrained by the courts and his property put into the hands of trus tees, he may yet share the fate oE "coal oil Johnny," and become a saloon bummer, living on the memory of his former wealth. The heir of Jesse Hoyt is not more for tunate than the heir of George Law. Her unfortunate habits led to her incarceration iu a lunatic asylum just before her father died, and her conduct just previous to his decease was worse to him than tlie bitterness of death. Desiring as far as possible to secure her agaiust the chances of poverty, ha left the income oE a million and a half of dollars for her in trust. She has made a desperate and determined fight to get possession of the principal, but bo far without success, and just now she is keeping out of the road of the New York courts for fear of being a lunatic. The man who had wrestled with his fellows in the battle of life, who cornered the market on wheat and corn, who gloated orer his success while rain was all round him, died miserably, regarding his only child as hie bitterest "enemy-fearing tbe sight of her at his dying bed. These two heirs are all that remain of two of the richest men in New York twenty years ago. A genuine sensation was the arriral in the city of the Democratic candidate for Vice President, the Hon Allan G' Thurrnan. What , ever may be our difference in regard to parties, j there can be no question about the hold that j the grand Old Roman has ou the mass of the Democracy, and JTew York turned out to give him a right royal welcome. But about that welcome there were some very singular features, which to an outsider seemed any j thing but democratic. I know we have a 1 tough population, and it is necessary that good order should be maintained ; but tbe | manner in which that order was carried out | merits the severest condemnation. It is safe to say that there is not a man or woman in New York who would have offered the slightest offence to Allan G- Tlmrman-but the police acted as if his life was in danger, and drove the crowd back as if he was in fear of assassination. After his arrival at tbe Fifth Avenue Hotel, cordons of police guarded every avenue of approach, making the hotel look as if it was in a state of siege. When General Jackson visited New York sixty years ago, he rode on horseback the entire length of the city without a body guard, except such as the hospitable citizens gave him. The same may be said of General Grant, General Sheridan, and hosts of other I great men ; and aside from every other view, it was entirely undemocratic, and was a bitter disappointment to many of Mr. Thur man's admirers and friends. His reception at the Madison Square Garden awakened tbe wildest enthusiasm. No conqueror ever re ceived a heartier or more generous welcome, but his sudden sickness was a grievous disap pointment. The cool weather has brought back our vagrant pastors and teachers, and once more our schools and churches are open. The arrival of the Eev. Dr. Xalinage in Brooklyn after his two months' holiday, was the signal for a regular jubilee. After travelling thousands of miles and preaching two or three times a day, and as he says himself, shaking hands with 100.000 ueoule. he name back to the Tabernacle just radiant, looking as blooming as thoagh he iiad been liring on peaches and cream and resting ou a bed of roses. In his absence he has done the work of a round dozen good minisfers, and notwii.h etanding labor that- would have killed 6ix ordinary men, he declares that he has had the best time of his life. Long may he wave and be spared to the Tabernacle congregation and the world. It is just two weeks ago since a funeral cortege rolled into Woodlawn Cemetery, j There were three carriages and a hearse, a I beautiful white little cuflin, all covered with ! gold and pretty white plumes, and the little j coffin inside was buried with beautiful flowers. The coffin was an elegant and costly affair with silver handles, and the elegant silver piate on the top recorded the fact that within lay Daisy Bell, born April 21st, 1834 ; died August 20th, 1837. Everything about the interment was entirely correct; the physician's certificate was on hand, certifying to the fact that Daisy Bell had died of pneumonia. Ashes were rendered to ashes and dust to dust, and Daisy Bell was quietly laid to rest. Bitter tears were shed over Daisy's mortal remains, and it was said that in a Few days a splendid monument would mark the spot and record the virtues of Daisy Bell. After a time it leaked out that. Daisy Bell was a favorite Scotch terrier belonging to Mrs. Mary Bell of Madieon avenue. Ag soon as this discovery was made there was a rumpus among the holders of lots in Woodlawn. The parties most intimately concerned, to wit, the dead, were quiet enough about Daisy ; not eo with their living relatives. At last the howl be * came EO general that a meeting of the Board of Trustees was called, and 'after a good many whereases and wherefores, and be it resolved, &c.;, &e.;, it was concluded to ask Mrs. Bell to remove Daisy. Mrs. Bell put her roral foot down, and said she'd be blessed if she'd do it -that she paid three huudred dollars for the lot, and three hundred more for the coffin and one hundred for incidentals-and there Daisy should lie till Gabriel sounded his horn. Finding remonstrance and entreaty all in vain, the trustees resolved that Daisy Bell would have to get out wille nille ; and when Mrs. Bell found that Daisy was likely to go to Potter's field, Bhe consented to the removal on the condition that no mortal, except herself and the grave- digger should know where Daisj was buried. Query.-What is all J the row about ? There is no question that the dog was an honest dog, and a much more respected dog than lots of departed ghosts in ' Woodlawn, over whom great monuments ! were reared. One of the prettiest monuments in Greenwood is a dog reposing at his^tuaster's feet, and the tradition is that the faithful creature is sleeping close to his master ; they were companions in life, and death did not divide them. I can't say myself that I like to see a woman packing a dog about when I think that her arms might be filled to better advantage. I draw the line on those little shaggy, blear-eyed creatures for which many women appear to cherish suoli exceeding affec tion. Yet I love a dog, especially a Newfound land, the St. Bernard, the setter, the poiuter, and the mastiff; but as I said, I draw the line on poodles. The tempest id past, and I j trust that the sleepers in Wood lawn will have in future 110 worse company for tlioir silent vigil than Daisy Bell. Jlosh Hashana, theJewishnewyear,received a more general observance this year than it has before ia my memory. At the Christian new year the presentation of gifts is common ; but the gifts of the Jews at Rosh Hashana are gifts of love and charity. Poor indeed must be that Jew who lias not some little gift of food, raiment or money for some one ?poorer than himself. At this season the business man puts aside his business carcs and devotes himself to his family and his friends. An appeal to his charity at this time is never in vain. Even the hard grasping usurer for gets his cent, per cent., and in blessed deeds of charity lays up future stores of grace, 011 which he expects to draw in the hour of his need. A polar wave struck us in the middle of last week, which sent the whole town scurrying for winter flannels and overcoats. The blizzard lasted for two days, and just as our female re lations began to dig out their sealskin sacques, the weather took a sudden oliange, becoming a? muggy and warm as any we have felt this season-the week winding up with one of the heaviest rain storms that we have had for two months. The churches all made a handsome showing, having been newly painted and brightened up. The brethren and sisters, brown as berries, were delighted to see each other; women kissed and men shook hands, and every one declared that he had bad a good time. But even the traveller to Jerusalem and the wanderer from the Rhine, finding themselves once more under the old roof, were willing to admit that for a permanent place to live in there was no place like home. So say I. 