CIIPfitCH OF ENGLAID AFFAIRS. Sir,-Will you kindly allow elo by means of your widely circulated journal to msake a few remarks upon the present important situation' and outlook of affairs in con nection with the Anglican Church in this island. The diocese is now without a Synod, and without a bishops and i dCon sequence many who take a deep interest in the welfare of their church are looking forward with no little anxiety as to what may be the proclivities, etc., of the coming regime, both with refer ence to bishop and Synod. The dissolution of the late Synod can hardly be looked upon as a misfortune, inasmuch as the majorityo its lay mem hers could not be said to represent their constituents. This is shown by the voice of so many parishes on a grave question, of which it is to be hoped we have heard the last. It is of the utmost importance that the parishes now being called to elect their lay representatives should return men who will pledge themselves to maintain the sound teaching aud principles and practices of the Church of England, as set forth in the Holy Scriptures and the Booke of Common Prayer. Now is the time for action, now is the time to place yourselves in a position to resist innovations. Bishop Sandford's leaving must be looked upon as a misfortune. His warm interest in the Bible Society, and ready co-operation with good iustitutionse irre spective of sect or party; his delicate respect for the honest opinions of his clergy and people, and his kindly nature and genial manner will not be easily secured in another. It is, however, a relief to know that lhe will have a voice in the selection of his suc cessor; for knowing, as he doer, that the feelings of thegreat body of the laity in this diocese are strongly opposed to Ritualism, that while loyal to their Church they will not submit to be steered either east or west, but true by the pole star of the Reformation. It ought to be clear by this time that the E.C.U. is not likely to succeed in Tas mania, whether it is sought to further it by suavilcr, or satire, or both. The Primrate of Australia gave it as his opinion that extreme Ritualism is not likely to thrive in Australian soil, still it will be necessary to both watch and pray that the management of the affairs of our dearest Church may be placed in the hands of men of the right stamp, men full of faith and the Holy Ghost. -Yours, etc, WArCH. Dec. 28. 