SIR R. W. RAWSON, K.C.M.G., has prepared a synopsis of the tariffs and trade of the British Empire, at the instance of the Imperial Federation League. We may suppose that the purpose of the undertaking was to furnish materials for a fair estimate of the difficulties which stand in the way of an assimilation of tariffs throughout the British Empire, as a prelude to complete political and general federa tion. The result, from the point of view of the Imperial League, must be regarded as highly unsatisfactory. A tabular arrangement of the tariffs of the various British possessions, shows incongruities so various and so exten sive that it is, in the words of the 7 'imes, 1; calculated to fill the aspirants after federation, at least on a commer cial basis, with despair.” Sir It. Raw sox points out that there are i! inex plicable and purposeless differences in the articles selected for duties, and in the rates charged upon them, in many parts of the Empire.” No doubt the returns, at first sight, take the sem blance of a hopeless fiscal puzzle, but we suspect their construction has been governed in all cases by either the necessity of raising revenue or the prin ciple of protection to native industry The operation of the first motive would change indefinitely according to local circumstances, while that of the latter would be still more erratic in its re sults. Turning to these tariff's, as classified according to the percentage of import duties charged in proportion to declared values, and omitting the smaller outlying British dependencies whose fiscal arrangements carry no serious weight, we find the Cape of Good Hope at the top of the list with an average customs levy of 211- per cent., Western Australia being a good second with 201. New Zealand comes next with 19 1-lOth, and taking the Australasian colonies in order, we have Tasmania with 15f ; Queens land, loi; Victoria, South Australia, 10| (since increased by further protective legislation); and New South Wales, 71. Canada levies 171 per cent.; Newfoundland, 13| ; Natal, 10|; and India, 3|. The United Kingdom stands at SJ-. In the smaller settlements there is a wide range of tariff averages, from the Falkland Islands with 5 to the Gold Coast with 24J per cent. Hardly second in importance to the varying percentage of tariff charges is the amount of trade done under them, which may be roughly taken to indi cate the financial value of interests which for the most part are concerned in letting things remain as they are. The trade of the British Empire is com puted by Sir R. Rawsox at an annual value of .£1,046,340,000. Of this vast total 61-4 percent., or £642,372,000, is contributed by the British Islands, and the balance of 3S - 6 per cent., or £403,968,000, by the various British possessions. The last figures are made up as follows;—lndia, 15'9; Austral asia, 11*1; Asia, 4 - 7; North America, 4-0; Africa, I*6; West Indies, 1-0; and South America, 03. It is well to re member here that out of this vast aggregate of interchange 61 per cent, is done under an average tariff duty of 5-34 per cent; 15*9 under a similar impost of 3-87; and the Australian share of ll'l under import duties of 13on the average. Of the total of British trade 73-6 per cent, is done with foreign countries and 26 - 4 per cent, with British possessions. The total trade of British possessions is divided thus:— With the United. Kingdom, 4S-J- per cent.: with British possessions, 231; and with foreign countries, 2S per cent. In passing we may note the fact that of the total trade of these colonies nearly two-fifths is transacted between the colonies themselves. The above figures but faintly indicate the enormous dis crepancies which will have to be re duced before we can enter into an Imperial Zollverein. But to th gross average of tariff duties there succeed other inconsistencies equally difficult of adjustment. Tex tile fabrics are almost everywhere saddled with import dues, but in hosts of other lines the free goods of one place are the dutiable goods of another. All told there are 44 separate tariffs to be reckoned with. Coals are charged in about 16 of these ; live stock enters free in 20 colonies only ; raw material is charged ad valorem in 32, and is admitted free in the remainder. Then 26 colonies levy export duties, while IS levy none, and so on to the end of the list. It is clear that the realisation of an Im perial customs union seems at pre sent almost as remote a calculation as the distance of the fixed stars. But with this we have no present practical concern. It is enough to say that in this age of rapid progress and startling developments any year may witness the advent of hitherto unknown forces which may be applied to the reduction of financial ob stacles and the solution of fiscal problems. We shall make better progress cowards Imperial Union if we face the facts, and resolutely eschew any attempts to lay clown its lines. How much of the highest form of Imperial Federation exists even now will never be known until some serious danger menaces either the Imperial centre or any of its outlying mem bers. Blood is thicker than water, and this saying may find overwhelming verification in the chapter of events hereafter. We can better estimate the magnitude of the obstacles to an ImperialZollverein if we lookat the case of the Australian colonies. Here, with the notable present exception of New South Wales, the various tariff averages are at least not hopelessly dissimilar. Western Australia for obvious rea sons does not stand in, and, allowing this, the distance from Queensland's 154 per cent, to South Australia's 11 per cent., is not so formidable as to discourage reasonable attempts to bring them into line. When we come to the articles upon which duties are levied, the dis crepancy shrinks amazingly. Then there are the hundred and one reasons why the colonies should combine to regard fiscal unity as the broad and solid foundation of a future glorious Australian dominion. There is not a reason which can be urged for the retention of differential duties in Australia, but would apply just as well to their establishment between any electoral district- and its next neigh bor. Here all the circumstances point to fiscal union, all the interests rightly understood point the same way, and the great mass of public senti ment tends towards it also. And yet what are the facts ? As soon as any man, or any- association, essavs a step in the direction of a federated Australia, some deep rooted prejudice or vested interest rises like Banquo’s ghost, and blocks the way. Our only consolation is that the public feeling, if once thoroughly' aroused will prove stronger than all the opposing interests, and that feeling is all the while grow ing stronger and stronger. There was considerable animation in the share market last week, with a fair prospect of further improvement in business. Berry Consols were in good demand at steady- rates all the week, and closed firm on Saturday, the gene ral feeling being that there is a reason able probability of the mine opening up well. Then the Madame Berry ad vanced to ,£l2 10s. We note that the return for the past week reached the magnificent total of 939 oz 3 dwt. Berry No. 1 keep fairly- steady, but are not in much de mand at present. The improved pro spects in the West Louglilin sent up the shares on Saturday .from 14s 6d to 17s 9d, with buyers at the close at 17s 6d. We observe that a bore put up at 1055 feet went through'to wash at 39 feet, carrying a fair stream of water. This proves a dip of 10 feet from previ ous bore, distant SO feet. The Lord Harry-, Hepburn Estate, and Ear! Bea consfield have not had much attention for the past few days, but are expected to be livelier by- and by. We learn that the Davies’ Junction Cos. has ceased operations, and the men are engaged in taking up materials from underground. Smeaton Reserve improved at the close of the week, with sales up to 9s. The Chalks’ group were in better demand last week, though at somewhat fluctuat ing rates. Duke, Timor, had an ex cellent business all the week, and closed on Saturday- with a sale at 20s 6d. Golden Stream were also were in re quest. Napier Freehold, New Kong Meng, the Shaws’ group, Rob Roy, and MtFarlane’s furnished a moderate busi ness at fairly steady rates. But the Redan and Plateau stocks supply- a large portion of the business in the market at present, though several •f them eased slightly- at the close of the week. Band and Albion changed hands on Monday as high as 91s, but closed on Saturday with business at 85s 6d. Star of the East were taken on Monday as high as 93, but closed on Saturday- with a transaction at 88s. Of course the stocks on these lines were thereby affected, but as the pros pects in the Band and Albion and Star of the East mines are highly pro mising, there is no lack of confidence in the future of that- quarter, The Ballarat East stocks were a little weaker last week, but the Egerton stocks, particularly- Black Horse United, were in good demand at up wards rates. Black Horse on Saturday changed hands at 22s 6d. We note that the prospects of the Golden Gate Company, White Horse Ranges, are very- cheering. The development of the mine is looked forward to with much interest. Several of the lucky miners in the locality have invested in the Golden Gate, and they express themselves very hopefully as to the ultimate results. The Llanberris group are quiet at present, but the stocks are firmly held, and not much in the market. In a number of other stocks there were occasional transactions, making altogether a moderately good amount of business. During the past week the following dividends were de clared : Madame Berry, 7s; Llan berris Quartz, Is. To-rlay is the last day for making appli cation for the transfer of publicans’ licenses at the ensuing sittings of the Licensing Court. At a meeting of the Villiers ami Ileytes hury Agricultural Association on Friday a letter was read from the Camperdown rail way league, asking the association to co operate with the efforts made to obtain a direct line from Ballarat to Camperdown via Lintons. The proposal was very favorably received, and the meeting decided to render all assistance possible towards the consum mation of the projected extension. A proposal was discussed at the meeting of the Ballarat Milling Exchange on Satur day afternoon to open for business for two hours on Saturday evenings. After a little discussion the motion was rejected by 30 votes to 14. The members of the Ballarat Fire Brigade and City Fire Brigade, who are going to Sydney to take part iu the Grand Centen nial Demonstration, on the 24th inst., will leave by the midday train to-day from the Western station. AH members who intend proceeding to New South Wales are to meet at their respective station houses at 10 a.in., to be escorted to the railway by their bands. We learn that news was, on Saturday night, received in Ballarat to the effect that the £25 given to the Ballarat brigades by Mr Gillies, from his department, is to go towards the cost of transit to Albury and back of 50 firemen and bands. The price of return has been fixed at 2Gs fid. To-day being Whit Monday will be ob served as a holiday by the banks. Three services were held in the Lydiard street Wesleyan Church yesterday, in cele bration of the anniversary of the Sunday school connected with the church. The P.ev. E. IL Sugden, 8.A., was the pieacher in the morning and evening, and tile Rev. A. Powell in the afternoon. In the morning the preacher chose as his text Proverbs xxii., fi—“Train up a child iu the way iu which he should go, and when he is old ho will not depart from it.” On this basis the rev. gen tleman preached an admirable sermon, which was listened to with attention. In the evening he chose two texts—John xix., 14—“And it was the preparation of the passover, and about the sixth hour, and he saith unto the Jews, behold your king;” and Hebrews i., S—“ But unto the Bon he saith, Thy Throne, 0 God, is for ever and ever; a sceptre of righteous ness is the seeptre of Tnv kingdom.” The church was crowded. In the afternoon the Rev. A. Powell conducted a special ser vice for the young, whose attention he en chained during the delivery of a most inter esting address. Special aufhems were sung by the choir, under the leadership of Mr Clias. Eyres. Iu the morning Bernhardt Farebrother's “Te Deum” was sung; in the afternoon, “The sun shall be no more thy light by day,” by H. H. Woodward; and iu the evening “ Praise the Lord, O Jerusalem,” by W. H. Bliss. All were excellently ren dered, as was also Spohr’s beautiful anthem, “ How lovely are Thy dwellings fair,” the solo in which was sung with nice expression by Miss Edith Tonkin. Prior to the offertory, the preacher men tioned that the number of scholars on the roll was—senior school (from 16 to GO years of age), 4SO; junior school, 3fifi; and the average attendance was 210 in the senior school, and 247 in the junior. The collec tions for the day amounted to £39. This evening the tea and public meeting will be held, when the Revs. E. H. Sugden, A. Powell, and others will deliver addresses. On Thursday, 24th May, the following arrangements will be observed in the. Post and Telegraph Department, The Post Offices will be closed to the public at 10 a.m., and only the first delivery by letter carrier will be effected. Country mails will be dis patched and received as usual; but no busi ness will be transacted in the Money Order and Savings Bank Office. Telegraph Ollic-s appointed to be open on holidays will be open as usual; other offices will be open from 5.30 a.m. to 10 a.m., and from 6 p.m. to 7 p.m. Mr John Scott, who met with such a serious accident (writes our Buninyong cor respondent), is much better, and likely to recover. Both the metropolitan football teams who visited Ballarat on Saturday were defeated by the local teams pitted against them. At the Saxon paddock the Ballarat secured six goals II behimls against Melbourne’s three goals 10 behimls; while on the Eastern Oval South Ballarat defeated St. Iviida by rive goals 16 behimls to two goals seven behimls. This is sufficient evidence that the local clubs are able to hold their own against even the best of the Melbourne teams. Ou Thursday, 24th May, the 9 p.m. train will run from Ballarat to Ballau, and return at 10.35 p.m. The 10.4S p.m. train will run from Ballarat to Scarsdale, and return at midnight; ami the 11.10 p.m. train will run from Ballarat to Allendale, returning at 12.13 a.m. These trains will stop at ail in termediate stations, both going and return ing. to pick up and set down passengers, and will run as on Saturdays. During the last month there have beeu four deaths from typhoid fever, one from diarrhma and one from dyseutry iu Ballarat and suburbs. The Hon. J. P. Macpherson, M.L.C., has forwarded to Mr James M’Fadzean, of Scarsdale, correspondence to the effect that the Postmaster-General has approved of the plans submitted by the Public Works De partment for the proposed new post and tele graph office at Scarsdale, and the erection of the building will now be proceeded with. We have received from Mr James Oddie, J.P., who is still quietly enjoying himself iu the old country, an iuterestiug account of the luncheon and openin'’ of the new rooms in connection with Mayall and Co.’s color photographing establishment at London. The premises are lighted with a perfect system of electric light, the installation consisting of three 6000 to 10,000 candle-power arc lamps for photographing by Mr May all’s uew and beautiful process of reproduction iu natural colors, producing the most delicate tones of colors, and the highest perfection in the art yet attained. The reception rooms, studios, &e.;, are fitted with 50 20 candle- power in candescent lamps. Mr Oddie has also visited the famous cave of Brixham, aud secured some of the bone-bearing earth with bones in iitu, to be sent out shortly with other geo logical specimens, together with copies of the whole of Mr W. Pengelly’s, M.R.S., printed papers on the Kent Cavern discoveries. He writes:—“The Museum at Torquay is brim full of animals found iu this noted cave.” It is, he is told, impossible to get any for love or money, but he will try; and wishes the School of Mines would send him a case of Victorian fossils, &c.;, as it would materially assist in securing valuable exchanges. Mr Oldham, of the Central State school No. 33, very kindly gave the cadets from Stawell, Ararat, Beaufort, and Maryborough free admission to the Mechanics’ Institute entertainment on Saturday evening; and Mr Charles Hugo, the proprietor, with his usual generosity, admitted all Ballarat cadets gratis. At Christ Church Pro-Cathedral yesterday prayeis were offered up for the speedy re covery of Archdeacon Julius from his present paiuful illness. The cells at the Eastern lockup were last night occupied by a number of persons charged with drunkenness. One offender, a woman, was in the lockup for the G7th time, aud she complained that “ the police will never let her aloue when she is doaig nothing.” The Ballarat East police require an owner for several articles of ladies’ wearing apparel found in Bridge street. Messrs Permewan and Jordan, J’s.P., pre sided on Saturday morning at the City -Police Court. One inebriate was dealt with. A temperance meeting will be held to night iu the Manchester Unity Hall, Gren ville street, when addresses will be given by members of the Ladies’ Blue Ribbon Com mittee. The musical portion of the pro gramme will be carried out by a choir com posed of ladies only. This is the first meeting of the sort held under the manage ment of this committee. They have spared neither time nor trouble iu providing a good programme, being determined to outdo all previous efforts in the way of temperance meetings. The committee state that all who attend are sure of spending an enjoyable eveniug. Mr James Vallins, of this city, proceeded to Adelaide by express train on Friday night cn route to Purnainoota to inspect and report on the Silver Stream mine, about IS miles north-west of Broken Hill, on behalf of a Victorian syndicate. Should his report bear out the favorable ones already to hand, a well-known mining manager iu this district will at once proceed to take charge and com mence operations. Anniversary services were conducted yes terday in All Saints’ Church by the Rev. J. C. Atkinson. There were large congregations morning and evening. A tea and concert will be held on Tuesday even ing, when addresses will be delivered by the Veu. Archdeacon Cooper, the Rev. U. Mac Murray, and others. Michael Dobertv, a miner, of Redan, on Saturday night fell into the bob-pit near the Llanberris claim, Ballarat East, and sus tained painful injuries. Senior-Constable O’Shannassy and Constable Scammel, on hearing of the accident, proceeded to the man’s assistance, and on raising him from the pit found that he had been injured on the head, body, and legs. The police conveyed the sufferer to the Hospital for surgical treat ment. Five topers were brought before Messrs Russell and Gale, J’s.P., at the Town Police Court on Saturday morning. Of this number four were let off with light punishment, while the fifth, Laura Powell, better known as the “Lancashire Las;,” was sent to gaol for three months on the habitual charge. There was no other business before the court. The Picturesque Atlas has reached Part 25, in which the descriptive history and illustiatious of South Australia are brought to a close, and those of Western Australia entered upon. This part contains a clear and beautiful map of the latter colony, show ing the different districts into which it is divided, together with a plan of Perth, the capital city. The South Australian illustra tions include views of Kapumia, Clare, Moontn, and Burra Burra mines, a cleft in Fiinder’s Reef, the ostrich farm near Port Augusta, Temple Bar, camels carrying wool, Port Darwin, and others of equal interest and merit. Of Western Australia, portraits are given of Major Lockyer, Sir James Stir ling, and Governor Hampton, with a very pretty view of King George’s Sound. - In another column the secretary of the City Fire Brigade acknowledges the receipt of various donations towards the Sydney team fund. The list is not yet complete. Other donations not yet handed in to the societaly will be acknowledged as soon as received. Mr Weippcrt, bon. secretary to tiie com mittee of the variety entertainment in aid of Ballarat Hospital, to be held in Academy of Music on Monday, 2Stli May, states that every effort is being made to bring the undertaking to a successful issue. Circulars have been forwarded to leading tradesmen and prominent citizens, soliciting their practical Support in the way of a small dona tion towards the object. As the appeal is a special one, and the proceeds are to be wholly devoted to the funds requisite for providing an extra female nursing staff, it is iioped that the entertainment will meet with the success it deserves. The programme is an excellent one. An employe at the Union Foundry named Charles Pamphilon sustained injuries to his fingers on Saturday through getting caught in some machinery at the foundry. His in juries were attended to at the Hospital. A man named Michael Casserly was ar rested yesterday by Constable Rogers in Ballarat South for using obscene language. The accused was thrown out of a butcher’s shop in .Sturt street, and sustained a severe scalp wound, which was dressed at the Hospital. A young man named James Rampling was yesterday morning arrested, on warrant, by Detective .Sergeant Charles and Plain clothes Constable Rogerson, ou a charge of stealing £9 from a man named David Jones. It appears that ou Friday night Rampling, who had been endeavoring to obtain a drink on trust at several hotels, put up at a boarding house in the city, and was shown into a room one .of the beds iu which was already occu pied. Shortly afterwards he left, atnl in the morning his iellow lodger missed a £5-uote and four £1 notes. As Rampling had changed a £5 note and several £1 notes sus picion attached itself to him, and he was arrested. The attendance at the Columbia Skating Rink during the week has been very large. On Friday evening an exciting contest took place between Mr M’Ouat on skates and Mr Woodward on a bicycle, the distance being one mile. The former easily defeated his opponent. Ou Saturday evening the first polo match of the season was played between tlieSt. Kilda Polo Club and the Columbia Polo Club. The game, which was keenly contested, was eventually won by St. Kilda, who secured seven goals to their opponents’ five. The team from the Columbia rink played ad mirably, considering the short time they have been iu existence. The best players for the local club were Cunning, Stevens, Hud son, and Oldham. It is announced by ad vertisement that a scale of revised prices will come into operation at the rink to-day. At the afternoon sessions the price of ad mission will be 6d, including use of skates (Fridays and Saturdays excepted). In the evening, the price for the use of skates will be fid. On Thursday evening (Queen’s Birthuight) a race of “ All Nations ” will take place, which should prove very interest ing. The South street Debating Society gave a concert and variety entertainment in their new hall, Skipton street, on Frida;,- evening, when there was a very large attendance. The following took part in the programme:— Misses Siehert (3) and Uren, Messrs E. W. Page, Jas. Uren, A. Miller, H. Legate, F. Barrow, T. Saunders, J. Ditchfic-ld, W. Bowes, -Jos. Rowsell, F. Smith, R. Smith, -J. G. Bloore, A. G. Lumsden, and W. D. Hill. The South street orchestra, under Mr Rogers, also played selections during tiie evening. The performance closed with “ Bob Sawyer’s Party,” in which the leading members of the society took part. The re-opening of St. Mark’s Church, Biown Hill, will take place this (Monday) evening, at half-past 7, when the Bishop of Ballarat will preach. The church has been thoroughly renovated, inside ami out. The seats, dado, aud pulpit are handsomely grained, the walls and ceiling painted with fresh colors, creating a very pleasing appear ance. During the past week 101 in-patients and 233 out-patients received treatment at the Hospital. Dr Eastwood is the lion, medical officer, aud Dr Ochiltree the bon. surgical officer for the present week. It is reported that the thieving fraternity paid the mine of the Mid-rs Company a visit at a late hour on Friday night last. The lad engaged at the puddlers, it seems, saw two men crawling up No. 2 sluice, when he •raised an alarm by informing the puddling machine man of the presence of strangers ou the claim. The man at the machine, on looking over the landing, observed one of tiie intruders, and hailed him. On find ing that he was discovered the fellow made off, amid a shower of mis siles thrown by the miner at the puddling machine. Several of the pro jectiles struck the intruder very hard, but the aim was not of the effective character desired. Ou this account the unwelcome visitor escaped in the darkness with his mate, leaving as a. “ gentle reminder” a bait of alluvial sand annexed at some other mine previously visited,, together with two hats which the keeper of a pawn office would value at 3d iu the aggregate, aud an empty sack, intended to contain the booty which it was thought would be secured at the Midas claim. The sand, hat, &c.;, are now iu the possession of the Ballarat City police. The Soldiers Hill Drum and Fife Baud, consisting of Bandmaster T. Bradley, Ser geant J. Ewart; first Butes—S. Lee, H. Dernier, A. Mitchell, J. Mingst, and G. Holmes; second flutes—D. Walker and C. Durose; third flutes—D. Parkinson and Ray worth; F flutes, C. Mills, W. Westwsod, W. Juler, Rayworth, H. Heuwood, ami Ferris; piccolo, A. Mills; bass drum, H. M‘lntyre; side drums, A. Walker aud C. Whitelaw; drum major and hon. secretary, S. Roberts. The band leave the Western railway station for Sydney at 11.30 to day. There are a number of bands competing. Other Kinds | representing this district will also leave’ f. r New South Wales to-day. The anniversary ef the Golden Point Wes leyan Church was commenced yesterday forenoon. At the service at 11 o’clock Mr Martin flosking filled the pulpit, and in the afternoon at 3 o’clock the Rev. B. C. Flock art preached. In the eveniug the Hon. John James officiated. At each service the church was well filled. ' The sermons , were appropriate, and were of‘an impressive,char acter. To morrow evening the anniversary will be continued by the holding of a tea and public meeting. At the latter addresses will be delivered by the ministers of the circut, Mr Hosking, and other Christian workers. The missionary anniversary of the Primi tive Methodist Churches of Ballarat was celebrated yesterday. At the Hum Bray street Church in the morning the Rev. Mr Simlen officiated; in the afternoon Mr Russell, M.L.A., preached; and in tne evening the Rev. Mr Hammer filled the pulpit.° At thg Darling street church the sermons were preached by the Rev. Mr Simlen and Mr Carnell, while discourses were delivered at Sebastopol by the Rets. Hunt, Mason, and Siudeu. Her Majesty’s birthday has been selected this year for the celebration of a number of marriage ceremonies. Among these interest ing events will be the union of a young man, a former resident of this city and employe in one of the foundries, and a popular mem ber of one of our church choirs. Ihe young lady is the daughter of an old and esteemed resident of Rokewood. The father of the bridegroom resides in the south ward, and is deservedly respected by a large circle of friends. In another of these ceremonies a local pressman and a young lady who has taken a prominent part Us an elocutionist in many M.I.A. competitions and entertain ments will be the chief actors. Our Smythesdale correspondent writes:— “On Friday evening last a man named Frederick Mumford, about 45 year3 of age,, was found wandering about Scarsdale town ship by Constable Murray, and taken to the lockup on a charge of lunacy. On Saturday morning the man was examined by Drs Hayes and Scantlebury, who pronounced him insane, and gave a joint certificate to that effect. By direction of Messrs A. Young and C. Webb, J’s.P., who were pre sent during the examination, the lunatic wa3 sent to the Ararat Asylum the same afternoon, in the charge of Constable Murray.” Our Clunes correspondent, writing on Saturday, says : —“ Mr Carlington, head teacher of the Chiltern State school, has. been appointed to succeed Mr R. Mitchell as head teacher of the North Clunes State school, and is expected to arrive and enter upon his duties during the ensuing week. The. lung agitated question—extending over four years —of anew post and telegraph olfice at .Scarsdale (writes our Smythesdale correspondent) appears to be settled at last, as according to a letter from tile department read at the meeting of the Browns and Scars dale Borough Council on Friday, tile plans have now been approied, and tile erection of tlie buiiding, it is stated, will shortly be commenced. At the Buninyong Police Court on Satur- day, Charles Bowker was sentenced to three months' imprisonment for assaulting his wife. Four witnesses give evidence in the case. Messrs D. M. Davies and P. Hedrick were the adjudicating magistrates. At a football match played at Smythesdale on Saturday between the Carngham and local clubs (writes our Smythesdale correspondent) a young man belonging to the latter, named Alfred Lusk, had the misfortune to have his collarbone broken. The sufferer was con- veyed to the residence of Dr Hayes, who rendered the necessary surgical aid. An action (says the Herald) has been com- menced in the Supreme Court by Bridget Feban, against the Very Rev. James Moore, Roman Catholic Bishop of Ballaiat, the Yeiy Rev. John O'Dowd, and the Yeiy Rev. John If'iyne, of Ballarat. The defendants are the trustees of the will of one John Dillon, and the plaintiff is endeavoring to obtain the setting aside of a settlement of city pro perty. In connetion with the Melbourne Cen tennial Bxiiibition a grand intercolonial band contest is to be held, when the follow ing prizes will be offered for competition, viz.:—lst prize, £l2O, with engraved medals and certificates; 2nd, i'7s, and certificates; 3rd, £'4s, do; 4th, £25, do. There are also to be prizes of £5 5s each, for proficiency in cornet, clarionet, euphonium, and piccolo playing. The above news should be interest ing to our local bands. Ample time has been given for practice, as the competition will not take place till early in October. At a mass meeting of the working men of Bordeaux, held in tiie iast week of February, it was resolved to petition tiie Legislature to impose a poll-tax upon all foreigners em ployed in France, the proceeds of which should be applied to the relief if persons out of work, to forbid any foreigner being em ployed upon a French vessel, to prevent- auv ship built abroad from carrying the French flag, and to interdict the purchase by the Government of British engines ami machi nery. How the petitioners would regard such a retaliatory measure as tiie exclusion of French wines and brandies from foreign markets must be left to conjecture. The .-1 >''-■ says that in tiie case Winter v the Ay* newspaper, the interrogatories that it was asked that tiie plaintiff should answer were to the effect:—Was there an Irish National League in Victoria, and when was it formed? Was the plaintiff in 1383 honor ary treasurer of the federal council of the league? What were the objects of the Irish National League in Australia ? Was one of its objects to obtain funds in Australia to uphold, forward, or assist in any- way tile Irisii National League? Weie the objects of tile league to obtain Home Rule for Ire land, and to obtain funds for political agita tion and to pusii forward in the Parliament of Great Britaiu and Ireland measures calcu lated to procure Home Rule for Ireland ? If not, what were the objects? Whether the plaintiff was in 1353 printer and pub lisher of the Adrocali iu Melbourne, and whether he had on the 10th November, ISS3, published a report of the meet ing of the Irish National Convention held on 7th November, ISS3? What amounts were remitted by tiie plaintiff from Novem ber, ISS2, till November, ISB3, to Mr Webb, the trcasuierof the league in Dublin, and how were the remittances made ? Whether iu November or December, ISS7, the Roman Catholic Archbishop had informed him that certain persons named Curtaiu, Byrne, ami Dorgau had expressed a desire to have a special audit of tiie accounts of the league, and whether he had on any occasion alleged that a discrepancy of a sum of £2OOO be tween the amount iu one balance-sheet and the sum in another document was accounted for by that sum being paid to the Kedmoml Brothers? Whether £lOOO was paid to tiie Redmonds, and, if so, when; and did the payment of that amount appear in tile books of the league? Whether Mr Thomas Fogarty was a president of the league, and whether he disapproved of the fact that the sum paid to the Redmonds did not appear in tiie books of the league? And what receipts and vouchers he had received from tiie Irish National League 7 At the Malvern Court on Saturday a youth named Rowland Steppenson was chaiged with having failed to deliver a letter sent through the post addressed to a Mrs Richard son. Accused was employed by Mr Wilson, who contracted for the delivery of letters and newspapers in Malvern with the postal authorities. A number of letters (produced), it was testified, were addressed to persons oil tiie accused’s walk. They wete picked up iu a paddock, and brought back to the olfice. Tiie accused was fined 40s. A second case was withdrawn. A. Sydney telegram published iu, the Herald says:.—“The Government have at last settled the- locomotive difficulty. The tenders of the Atlas Company, for 25 pas senger engines at £2939 each; and of Thomas VVearne, for 12 goods eugiues, at £3OOO each, have been accepted. Werner’s tender was for 12 engines, either passenger or goods, at £3OOO each.” A London cablegram, publishes! in the Td-:graj}h. , states that the convict Benson has committed suicide iu New Yoik Gaol. The overdraft of the Colasshire Council (says the Gexlony Advertiser), now amouuts. to £S2jGS 2s Id, and claims for compensation for damage to private property by tiie action of the Council and its officers amount to another couple of thousand pounds. At the Beualla Assise Court on Friday, , W. Mo-rley was charged with having, on the : lGtli March last, attempted to commit a criminal assault up.Ni Sarah Rule, aged 13 years, at Violet Town, The evidence .showed that Morlev took the girl in bis arms, and carried her auay to some bushes, where tho offence was committed. A verdict of cuilty was returned, and the prisouer was remanded for sentence. The death is announced of Mr George Cakebread, of Geeloug. The sad event took place at half-past 7 o’clock on Friday even ing, at his residence, in Virginia street, New town. For over 12 mouths the deceased gentleman suffered severely from yellow jaundice, and during the past week the com- . plaint assumed a more virulent form, Qn Wednesday he was compelled to confine himself to his room. He became unconscious on Thursday evening, and lapsed into a state of insensibility,and died peacefully as stated. Mr Cakebread, who was well known in Bal larat in connection with the lime and cement business, was 59 years of age, and had been a resident of Geelong since 1852. The number of departments in Frunee subject to the ravages of the phylloxera 13 now officially reported to be 60. Neverthe less there are still 4,500,000 acres of land under cultivation as vineyards. Of the 1,700,000 acres attacked about 61,500 have been submerged, 155,000 have been treated with sulphur, 22,500 with sulpho-carbonates, and 417,500 have been replanted with Ameri can vines. It appears that the infernal machine is not an invention of the present age. The Italia contains a description of one which was used as early as the IGtli century. It seems that there was then a deadly rivalry between two Modenese families, and a member of one of them thought how he could wreak vengeance. With this object he built a ball of metal, empty inside, with a hole the middle; through this hole he filled it with gunpowder, and then fixed it on the centre of a box by means of some copper wires. The box was also full of powder. The box was tied in such a way that it could not be opened without some friction by which the powder in the box and in the ball was ignited., and the ball exploded. , An Auckland telegram to_ the A that Mr Priecions, a mining expert, has examined the Broken Hill Maritoto mine on behalf of the .Sydney directorate, ami has satisfied himself by careful assays that the rich stone upon which the mine was sold in Sydney never came from the ground. He intends to recommend the return of their money to the shareholders. The expose has caused great indignation in New Zealand, such frauds tending to discredit legitimate ventures in the Maritoto and other districts. Professor Hlisiia Gray, of Highland Park, Illinois, by the invention of the new ap paratus, to which lie has given the name of tire telautograph, has (according to recent American papers) gone a long way towards displacing the telephone. By means of this instrument a person may sit down in his office, take a pencil in his hand, wiite a message, and, as the pencil moves, a pencil in his correspondent’s office will move simultaneously and form the same letters and words in the same way. What is written in one place is instantly reproduced elsewhere. Any language may be employed. The writer may use shorthand, he may write liv code or in cypher; it does not matter, a facsimile is reproduced. If a picture is to be 1 wired : it is the same, a perfect copy appears at the otiier end of the wire. The artist of an illustrated paper may, by menus of the telauto graph, transmit bis picture of a railwaysmash or any other event just as easily and as rapidly as a reporter telegraphs his descrip tion in wolds. The two pencils work syn chronously, and it is stated to he just ns easy to work a circuit of 500 miles as one of 10 miles. When one person wishes to com municate with another by the telautograph lie pushes a button, which rings an an nunciator at the exchange, or in the office of the person with whom he wishes to bold written intercourse. Then the firs; party takes liis writing pencil or pen from its holder and writes his message upon a roll of paper. As lie writes, so writes the pencil at the other end of the wire. 111 writing, the pencil or pen is attached to two small wires, and these w ires regulate the currents which control the pencil at the other eud of the wire. But these wires give no trouble, and one can write with as much facility as if they were absent. The telautograph is stated to work much more perfectly than the telephone. 