The Ghost of Grave Gully. (BY "M. M. C.") 'I wish you'd come up for a few weeks. Easter is close at hand now; and we expect a good many visitors. So if you come I can promise you a jolly time.' This was a portion of a letter which Tom Carlton, proprietor of Terborg Station, received from his friend, Charles Cotton, one evening in February. Early next morning he started on his journey. At noon on the third day he stopped at the comfortable homestead of Narenta Station. The proprietor, Mr. Wingfield, asked him to rest until the following day. 'You are very kind,' answered Tom, 'but I must get on. I want to catch the coach at Tarissa. 'The coach!' echoed Mr. Wingfield. 'Why, the weekly coach leaves Tarissa at 5 o'olock to- morrow morning, and Tarissa is fifty miles from here.' When seated at the luncheon table Tom asked 'Is there not a shorter route to Tarissa than the main road? A man whom I met yesterday told me that there was a shorter track if I cared to follow it.' Here Tom was interrupted by Mrs. Wingfield saying in an agitated voice, 'Oh, don't go the short track.' Tom looked surprised. 'Why,' he asked; 'is it dangerous?' 'Tell him all about it, James,' said Mrs. Wing- field, turning to her husband, 'and don't let him go that track.' 'Don't get so excited, Annie,' said Mr. Wing- field. ' After all it may—we may—' 'No optical delusion,' said Mrs. Wingfield. We both saw it too plainly.' 'Well, I will tell Mr. Carlton the whole circum- stance directly,' said Mr. Wingfield, soothingly; and then he turned the conversation into other channels. When they rose from the table Mr. Wingfield led the way to the verandah. 'Now,' said he, 'I will tell you all about the short track. It will cut off four miles; and it passes through Grave Gully, and Grave Gully is haunted.' Tom looked at his host's face in surprise. It wore a serious troubled expression. 'Haunted,' Tom said. 'I don't believe in ghosts, and I won't go four miles extra to avoid one.' 'I am unwilling to believe in ghosts,' said Mr. Wingfield, 'yet now—listen Mr. Carlton; and then judge. But first I must tell you how Grave Gully came to be haunted. About twelve years ago Tarissa Station was owned by a Mr. Simmonds. He was a very proud man, and looked upon his servants—whom he treated well enough in the matter of wages and living—some- what in the same light as horses and cattle. He had one daughter; and I believe he would as soon have suspected her of falling in love with the horse she rode as with the groom whose duty it was to attend her. However, Miss Simmonds and Will Barclay fell in love with each other, and decided to elope. They chose a day when Mr, Simmonds was in Tarissa township. Miss Simmonds told the servants that she was going to the township, and would not be back that night. At about 2 o'clock in the afternoon she rode away, followed by the groom, Will Barclay. You may be sure that they did not go near the town. They rode for about thirty miles in the opposite direction. It was a very hot night; and there was no water within miles. The next morning the horses had gone. They were a pair which Barclay had bought from a travelling mob a short time pre- viously. So they did not make back. The grass was short and dry, and it was difficult to track them. It was very late when he found them; and though he hastened back to the camp it was quite dark when he reached it. He said afterward, poor fellow, that he felt a presentiment that something was wrong when he came to the camp and found everything so quiet. He called Miss Simmonds, and, getting no answer, went to where the saddles and things were, and dis- covered that the quart pot was missing. So he concluded that she had gone for some water. He kindled a fire, and then started for the water- hole. By this time the moon had risen; and the night was bright as day. But Barclay could not see any sign of Miss Simmonds. The mud round the waterhole's edge was soft, and Barclay readily found the tracks left by himself on the previous night, when he had gone for water. But in no other place could he discern the impress of a human foot. It was quite evi- dent that the girl had never found the waterhole. When had she started; and was she looking for it? Barclay spent the night in cooeying and lighting fires. When the morning dawned he tried to find the missing girl's tracks. But only a blackfellow would have been capable of tracking her small feet over the dry, hard grass. After searching unsuccessfully for two or three hours, Barclay rode to the nearest station, and reported the loss. Every man on the place turned out to assist in the search, except one, who went to give word to Mr. Simmonds. Of course Mr. Simmonds started to join in the search, which he made sure would be successful. On the third night after her loss he reached the station whence the search party had gone, and there he found some of the men, who had returned for fresh horses. The blacks had found the girl's tracks, habit skirt, jacket, and afterward her hat. The black tracker said "White Mary mad—she run about all ways. My word! that fellow cranky along a lubra!" 'Where is that— Barclay?' asked Sim- monds. 'I'll put a bullet through him the minute I see him.' 'You may put him in the lunatic asylum,' one of the men said, 'for he's mad enough. He's never tasted food; and he's always going day and night. He will be the first to find Miss Sim- monds.' The man was right, for the next day three of the search party met just near what is now known as Grave Gully. The girl had been making toward Tarissa all the time; but she was out of her mind long before she got near enough to recognise any of the places which ought to have been familiar to her. Well, as I was saying, the three men met and rode on together. Presently one said, 'Look down in the gully there. What is that long thing dangling from that tree?' 'By Jove,' said another, 'it's a man!' And the third added, 'It's Barclay!' They galloped down; and a sickening sight it was. Beneath the tree lay the body of the missing girl; and, suspended from one of its branches by a brace, was the body of Barclay. He had been dead for some hours. They were buried beneath the tree where they died, and—' 'And,' interrupted Tom, 'the gully was called Grave Gully; and ghosts are seen there.' 'Quite right,' said Mr. Wingfield; 'only that it is but one ghost which is seen there.' 'You believe that?' asked Tom. And his host answered gravely, 'I do. It is only of late years—only the last two—that the ghost has made its appearance,' added Mr. Wing- field. 'And can you account for that?' asked Tom. 'If he, or she, whichever sex the ghost is, stayed quietly in its grave for so many years, why does it not stay there now?' 'Because,' answered Mr. Wingfield, 'something over two years since Mr. Simmonds died, and left orders in his will that he was to be buried in the cemetery at Tarissa township, and his daughter's body removed from Grave Gully, and interred beside him. It is supposed that Miss Simmonds's spirit objected to this; for since her body was removed from Grave Gully her ghost haunts it. You observed how nervous and delicate my wife is. Well, three weeks ago she waa no more ner- vous than you, and was in excellent health. We had planned to go to Tarissa Station. We took the short track through Grave Gully. It was nearly midnight; but the moon was shining brightly when we got near the graves. Suddenly the horses stopped short; and I felt ray wife çatch my arm. I looked round; and there, on what had been Miss Simmonds's grave, I saw her ghost. A tall, slight figure all in white, with long, fair hair falling over its shoulders, and a patch of crimson on the left arm. I only saw it for a second. Mrs. Wingfield had fallen from the seat to the floor of the buggy in a swoon. I stooped to raise her; and when I looked at the graves again the ghost had disappeared. I can tell yon I was glad when we got to the house.' When Tom Carlton resumed his journey a vague presentiment of looming evil stole over him, and grew stronger as day declined. The round full moon rose, and it was high and bright in the heavens when he entered Grave Gully. While looking round, wondering beneath which of the drooping trees were the graves of the ill-starred lovers, his horse suddenly bounded, knocked against the projecting limb of a tree, and fell over a log, breaking its own neck and its rider's leg in doing so. It was all over in five minutes. Tom lay helpless; his dead horse lying partially on him, and preventing him from rising. Looking round, he saw what had frightened his horse. It was the ghost! Noiselessly, slowly, it advanced toward him—a tall white-robed figure with a mass of fair hair falling on its shoulders, and a splash of crimson on the left arm. Real terror deprived Tom of his senses, and he fainted. * * * * * 'You doubt whether there is a ghost, Dr. Morris! What else could have frightened Mr. Carlton's horse?' The speaker was Miss Jessie Meredith. Tom had been found the morning after his adventure in Grave Gully, and brought to Tarissa home- stead. 'Horses will shy at anything,' said the doctor —'a shadow or a fallen bough. You ought to know that, Miss Meredith; and, please, remember that it was after he got the fall that Mr. Carlton saw the ghost. Jessie was silenced, but not convinced. A week afterward Mrs. Meredith, her two daughters, and Dr. Morris were in Tom's room; and the conver- sation turned on pre-existence. 'I think,' said Tom,'I must have met Miss Meredith in a former state. Her face is familiar to me.' 'If so, Alice ought to remember you,' said Jessie. 'I know now whom you remind me of, Miss Meredith,' said Tom. 'You are like the ghost.' 'The ghost!' said Alice. 'Oh ! I hope not.' 'Don't be frightened, child,' said her mother. 'You remind Mr. Carlton of the ghost because you are pale, and dressed in white, and your hair is loose. Isn't that it, Mr. Carlton?' 'Perhaps so,' Tom answered. * * * * * Eleven p.m., and silence reigns in Larissa home- stead. It is a hot night; and all the doors are open. Miss Meredith's door opens on to the side verandah. Her father and the doctor, who are watching it, see her appear at it. She is habited only in her nightdress. A small scarlet shawl which she always carries when going for a walk is thrown over her left arm. Her fair hair falls loosely on her shoulders; and her blue eyes are wide open. She walks in the direction of Grave Gully, followed by her father and Dr. Morris. When she has reached the graves the doctor whispers, 'Wake her now, Mr. Meredith. Be gentle and careful.' 