BWH AND CAMP. HOW THE TABLES WERE TURKED. *LII DAVID G. FAT-K. The news that the mob of camp horses baa been stolen came upon Coopoopeloo like a thunderclap. No misfortune conld have struck home more deeply, for the loss meant ruin, desolation, and misery to every soul in the camp. The diggings were terribly remote-away on the border line of South Australia and Queensland. The sole means of communi cation with settlement and civilisation had been by the horses, and now, deprived of them, the outlook was indeed black. Stores were at a low ebb, the next visit of the car riers was not expected for some time, and the outraged diggers saw themselves left utterly to the mercy of circumstances through the guile of those they had hospitably re ceived in their midst and honoured. Slim Jim, as being the prime mover in the matter of the initiation of religious observ ance in the camD, came in for something more than mere abase. By some irrational logic, wholly unjustifiable, but natural under the circumstances, to his machinations was attributed the misfortune that had overtaken the camp, and the popular feeling found vent in threats and abuse, that would soon have culminated in open violence had it not been for tbe 6tand taken by Bingy Bob. This quondam enemy of Slim Jim's, in a way as vehement as it was unexpected, made a demonstration in favour of his late anta gonist that, in the end, proved sufficient DO lurn the current of the general wrath. " Play fair, boys," he eaid, elbowing him self into a prominent position in tbe ex cited crowd of diggers who were angrily discussing the position of affairs. " It wasn't Slim Jkn no more than it was me. If that cussed psalm- singing thief took us all in, we was all of us to bin me. Siim Jim hadn't no band in it worse than anyone else. Piay fair, lads, and let's go for the right man. Then I'm with you ; but I won't stand none of this back-handed talk about a cove that hadn't nothing to do with it It would be a darned sight better if some of you was to get on the tracks of them horses than standing here jabbering away at one another like a lot ot blackfellows. Come on now ; who'll join me in trying to track 'em up ? Ii we don't lose time we could come up to them cussed horse-lifters yet," Before the prospect of action the question of Slim Jim's culpability was allowed to drop for the time being, and a party of five was hurriedly formed for the purpose of following up the tracks of the absconders. . Of this both Bingy Bob and Slim Jim formed part, for both were known as flrst rate trackers and bushmen. Each man took a supply of Btores with him and a blanket, and then, escorted by the entire camp, the little party set out Three or four hundred yards from tbe outskirts of the diggings they sepa rated, gradually forming a wide circle, each man's eyes on the ground. A sudden shout from Bingy Bob informed the others that he had succeeded in discovering the tracks, and all of them collected in the spot indicated. "Ay! there they are, plain enough," ex claimed one of the men, known fragmentarily as Leo. "Them's tbem, and making due south. They're as plain as a pike. You could foller them up, boys, to the end of the world." "They're clear enough in the soft ground," said another; "but wait till ye get anions the ranges. Bocks don't leave much of a track, I'm thinking." "Enough for as, at all events," said Bingy Bob, confidently. " Come on, mates. Don't let's lose time." A few more words passed between the men, and then the party of trackers set off on their quest, the rest of the diggers returning in melancholy silence to the camp. Tbe next two days at the diggings passed wearily enough. The men had not the heart to work, and spent moBt of the time cursing their tate and idly speculating on the doings of the trackjng party. On the third day Bingy Bob and his com panions returned, footsore and weary, with nothing but failure to report They had fol lowed up the triacks easily enough the IBrat day, but on the second day out had got among the stony ranges, where they had lost them. They had picked thein up, lost them again, refound them, and once again missed tbem. Spending so much valuable time in the search to recover the baffling tracks after losing them again and again, they had felt that . they < would never overtake the absconders, and so had returned. Water, too, had lailed them, and so, oat of sheer necessity and weariness, they had given up the search. This result proved a great blow to Coopoo peloo, that had been buoyed np with hope, and . now saw those hopes utterly annihi lated. It was now a question of what should be done next In two or three weeks they would be entirely without provisions other than their gunB could procure, and that was an outlook enough to dpunt the bravest Flour, tea, sugar, and tobacco were slowly but surely dwindling down; the time would quickly arrive when the camp would be without. The fourth, morning of their loss broke nponthe camp.andOoopoopeloo awoke with a dispiriting feeling that something must be done td meet-tbe crisis. Tbe men gradually collected together, looking morose and un easy.and ohe or Itoo offered suggestions in a half-spirited way that met with but little response. ] "Tell you what it is, boys," said the digger pamed lieo, at last. *'We shall have to dear! ont,bag and baggage, I don't see anything' ^/ejt<4!a|tne4 ,"Poggjr" Smithy "TOa^ab6utihe«Ueof it" .' Notme for otoe," asseverated Poggy. ' «hen.whan*h6 tucker runs out?" asked Lea " Goin' to live onl .ove*" . ... I A melancholy silence fell on the little | group of diggers, and each man looked his j neighbour blankly in the face. But at that [ moment a diversion was caused by a dirty little man in a faded blouse, known as the Doctor. " I'm not so sure of that, boys," he ob served quietly. " There's no telling till the numbers go up. Look there." Every eye was immediately turned in the direction he pointed, and then a cborua of savage cries rose in the air. " The preacher !" " The boss thief !" ' Daddy the preacher !" It was Mr. Ephraim Dadds, without doubt, and mounted 011 one ot the best of the camp horses. He kept at a respcctful distance of some two or three hundred yards, and waved something white above his head, evidently as a flag of trace. There was something picturesque as well as (startling in his eudden appearance, as he sat in the saddle, with his horse well in hand, evidently prepared for any emergency, his long figure upright, and his left hand ( vigorously flouriuhing a large white handker-1 chiet. For the moment Coopoopeloo was literally dumbfounded, and after the first burst of re cognition, stood fatuously watching him in amazed silence ! He continued waving his handkerchief | energetically, and shouted out, " Is it peace, boys ?" ? It was one of those moments when, presence of mind ana decision come to the front-when the man who rises first to the occasion becomes in a second the leader of his party. So it was with the Doctor. Hitherto unrecognised, almost despised, he assumed with hardly an effort of will the reins of leadership, and became the mouth piece of his fellow-workmen. I " Keep still, boys," he muttered again with 1 quiet authority. "There's some game on. Leave him to me." Mr. Ephraim Dadds still continued to wave his Hag ot truce, and the Doctor, push ing his way to the front called out, ''Come| on. We won't harm you. We'll hear what, you've got to say." "Do you all agree?" Mr. Dadds shouted , back. " Will you swear it as man to man?| I've come for your good; may I never speak again if I haven't" "Give him yes, mates," urped the Doctor, "and then leave him to me. 1'il tackle him." The ci-dcvaiii preacher must have been an , unusuaily courageous man, for on affirmative chorus coining from the men, he rode into their midst without further parley. The J Doctor, followed by Leo, Bingy Bob, and one or two others, slipped round to the horse's i head ; bur, seemingly without noticing it, Mr. Du<lds immediately raised his voice in ex planation. " Listen to me, boys," he said in his old sonorous way. " I Bwear by all that's holy 11 hadn't a hand in that job. It was my son John. I hadn't an idea ot what he was about, I give you my solemn word. That night when I gave out the word to you, and made a collec tion for the mission, I didn't know what was | going on no more than any of you did. But when I got back to the tent I found this." . lie held up for their inspection a piece of dirty paper witn some pencil- writing on it. " Listen, and I'll read it to you," he con tinued. " This is what it says:-'I've cleared out with the bosses, and have got a couple of hours' Etart. You'd test foller up, or they'll make it pretty hot for you in the camp. You can run up the bosses' tracks, and I've left Tom for you ready saddled behind the big1 messmate The tracks run soa'-sou'-east, j and you'd best look slippy. Bring your swag an.l ull the tucker you can.' I found thai f stuck upon the tent when I got back, and I swear to you, my friends, that was the first 1 knew of it." " What did you clear out for then ?" asked the Doctor quietly, " Because I was frightened, and I'm not ashamed to own it. Besides, I thought I could persuade bim to bring the horses back, i So I followed the same night, and came up j with him before morning. And I did my best tor you, boys. I talked to hits, and counselled with him, and urged him, but it wasn't any good. He wouldn't be moved] from his purpose. You're not children, my friends, and you know I wouldn't come back to tell you this yarn if it wasn't true. | I tell yon, it got that way between us 1 that once he palled out his revolver on me and pretty nearly lost his head'" ' " You must have suffered terrible in your mind like," interjected the Doctor, with quiet sarcasm. "I did," answered Mr. Dadds, sternly. It was a continual reproach to me. Then I blamed myself for having deserted you, and I would have come back before, I swear to you, boys, only I wanted to put the thine right "And now you have, I supposeT Inter jeclea the Doctor. "Well, I've done this-I've got him to come to terms, and I've come back at the risk of my life to propose them to you." And what are they, boss T' asked Bingy Bob, with an oath and a sneer. "They're this," responded the ci-devant preacher, boldly. "He wants two hundred ounces of gold, and he'll give you back the horses, lhata the beat terms I could make lor you." " It's a plant!" yelled Leo. Hold yer jaw, you fool," snapped the Doctor, and let me have the say. That's what yer bloomin' eon told you, is it»"he added, turning to Mr. Dadds. ''Audif we don't agree r "Then he aweara he'll take them in and sell them the first chance he gets." He does, does he ? And what about you? ."What about me ?" repeated the other with all his accustomed impresaiveness. " Do you think I mind wliat becomes of me? Don't you see I knew I was risking my life when I came back i You can do what you like with Te" "ill? WQ8 determined to see this thing out, being mixed up in it, and 1 can take the consequences, whatever the? about?*6 my F' thafc'a 611 1 «« "Oh, I believe you, I believe yon," answered the Doctor,; "You're not such a cussed fool as to come jback for notbin'." It was evident tfa&t; the men were token aback. They did not know whelher to believe Mr- Dadds's plausible tale or not; He might be innocent, and be might be anac comphce. It might be a piece of heroic self, sacrifice on hiB^ part to voluntarily npt his head in the ltona den, or, on the othter hand - simply part: of* boldly-conceived plan. But the very boldnew ot it recommended it to' the torn thereof uSar! *jlnted a. trifle to This, too, waa not waritini, for after"^ momsnfa cogitation, the Doctor epofeTottf rI believeyon^boas, and there's my hand! npp^ mada yond? it. and wa won'tgpfock£5£0Bforifc"/' ;* Doctor's words, and; Mr. Ephraim Dadda knew at once that bis safety was assured and his object gained. An animated discussion followed. The pros and cons of the position were cone into and the offer taken into consideration. For a long time no conclusion was arrived at, for opinion was divided between acceptance or rejection. In the minds of most there was a strong feeling that It -would be derogatory to give way and quietly allow themselves to be robbed. It was offering'an incentive to crime; it was to own themselves defeated, and at the mercy of the rascally horse-thief. "On the other hand, there was the knowledge that their safety, their very lives, depended on the horses, and that to recover them no sacrifice could be too great. It was a ticklish point) and discussion ran high among the minora tor fully an hour. Prior to the debate, Mr. Dadds bad been led to one side, and stood waiting the issne under the escort of three of the diggers. He only offered one suggestion, and that was that the decision should be prompt, as the young man John had sworn he would not wait more than a day. For fully an hour the wrangling apd sign ment went on unchecked. At the outset the majority of the men were against ac cepting the offer, And voted for taking any risk sooner than play into the hands of a villain and a horee- thief. The most violent suggested lynching the preacher out of hand, whilst others advised using him as aaecoy, and forcing him to lead them to the place where the horses were camped. ' . But to all of these suggestions the Doctor offered strenuous opposition. - "Leave it to me," he said, over and. over again; " I'll see the thing through,.{take my word for it All we've got now is to do what' he says. It's only o couple of onncesaman all round, and we haven't been doing bad, none of us. Leave it to me, I tell yon, Til see you through, and you shan't be none the worse for it." It was solely through his representations that at last the men unwillingly agreed to accept the terms offered, knowing their own own impotence, and relying in a vague way on their Belt-constituted leader. His object, however, .finally gained, the Doctor, followed by his satellites, walked over to where the preacher was seated on the ground. "Suppose we accept," he said, curtly, " what's your idea ?' " One ot you goes with me, on foot and un armed, with the gold tojwliere the horses are," he replied, promptly. "The deal will be made, and he can drive the horses back." " A likely yarn that," said the other, con temptuously. " There'd be two to one then, llow'd we know yuu and him wouldn't dolor cur chap and clear out with the dust and the bosses both ?' " You know me, don't yon?" answered die preacher, vehemently. " Do you think I'd risk my life here if 1 thought of playing a double game like that? I swear if my son tries anything like that I'll turn against him and help your man. There's no other way, and you will have to risk it He wouldn't agree to anything else, and I'll swear by all that's holy that's that there won't be no double game played. I can't do anything more-you must take my word for it" " We will, mate," said the Doctor, heartily. " We'll take the ruk, and I'll go myselL" " No tricks on your side, mind/' said/Mr. Dadds..sternly, " and there'll be none on hip. But if I see a shadow of' foul play on either, I put myself with the other 'man. I musteee the gold pot up, too, and I'll tie it up myself and hand it over to you, if you're the one who's coming." " Right you are, mate. That's only fair." "And no arms. We both strip before starting, and have our clothes examined.Mi " llyht yon are agen." "So be it then," said the preacher, im pressively. I'll camp with you to- night, and we'll start in the morning." Dy what intricate process the gold-dust was equally levied from the diggers needs no particular or minute explanation. Every man gave his quota unwillingly enough, and before Coopoopeloo had retired to test the two hundred ounces, roughly measured out* had been put into a stout leathern bag, securely tied uj> by Mr. Dadds, and given into the possession of the Doctor. Next morning the camp was astir nnusn ally early. The few preparations of the two men were quickly made, and before the sun was well up they were ready to start " You're goin* on a fool's errand, mate," said Bingy Bob to ths Doctor; "but 1 wish you luck." "How long will yon be away?" asked Leo. "The horses are'a day's journey off, or one and a half at most, : He can be back the day after to-morrow," answered the preacher. "Back! He'll never come back, I'm thinking," muttered Slim Jim. " Keep tight hold of the bag, Doctor,*' said one of the men, "and don t let that -- thief get the best of you." "Trust me, boys," he answered. ''The day after to-morrow you'll see me back or my ghost All ready now? Then so long, mates. You can bet I'll be there jui right" , And with this parting benediction lie ranged himself alongside his tall companion'* horse, and,the two slowly left the c&mp.; , The result ol this episode Is well known! throughout the north ot Queensland' and South Australia. It is hardly necessary to go into very minnte particulars, and it is only poetic justice to relate the .incident In the words ot the hero of. thecccasion,-the astute Doctor, as behiiriBelf gave it bnt to his fellow.Wprkers on hjs return threp" later. Snffioe 'it to sa£ then, that onthe third iilay following his departure Coopbdt peloo received an electrip shock whiehmofTpd it to its very centre. As tHe sh^des of ing were closing in the Dc^rwasdteMW®£ in the distance heading to wards th e camp. slowly driving in front ofhlmatnob off A roar'of delight greeted his appei bnt this quickly save place &> mute?. ment when H if as alone. - ~ ' '_-M Strapped across a saddle, e«M&hi;»glrt& down sis though dead, wewfhe limpformi of two men, who. as the Bortlae slowly *P proached, the thunder-struck diggers ttoogr nisedMMr.EphraimDadM!AndJhto gipn, So, stupefied were the jnpn that the Doctor was in their midst almost before tfcey could realise thesitnation. ?* . Vfo* "ii06k after them coves,* somemi jroul were the first 'words his uttered, M he ^quickly: diamoupted, " I hope they their cables. Lay *«m out, drop of something hot, ^, ? ; v. ^-j dted Inquiries th^^^tW hlm/butgtyuyf" over the care of thehorsesid one i>f the WW, ? lent his assistance tothetask of restoring' moved to a neighbouring tent, and.-told off a couple of men to watch them. Even then, however, he volunteered no ex Elanation, bat briefly saying, " I'm going to ave some tucker first," methodically set-to to boil his billy and dUcusa a huge piece of damper and beef. However, Coopoopeioo was not kept very long in suspense, for, alter his meal was finished, the Doctor plunged without farther delay iuto his explanation. " I told you it would be all right if you let me have my own way," he said, "and yon see I didn't put yon on to a blind lead. Whilst I was mouchih* alongside that there preaching cove I got thinking over the thing, and casting up which waB the best way out ot it-not having any plan ready, so to speak. Well, just then I cast eyes on something which set me a-thinking. I've been knock ing about the bnsh these thirty years, and I've picked np one thing and another from the blacks and such-like that most coves don't know. What I saw was indigo grow ing in the hollers, and thinks I, that's the stuff to send a cove asleep and stiffen him right oat if lie eats too much of it By Japes! with that an idea comes plop, and the more I turned it over in my mind the more I liked it. At all events, 1 made up my mind to try it, and so without the other cove seeing me, I snatched up a handful here and there when we came across a patch of it I was watching things pretty close all the time, .and 1 kept my weather eye open when him and me camped that night But the preacher didn't toeem to think of nothing wrong, and we were chummy enough all the time. We came up with the other cove and the horses about .mid-day, una it all Beemed Bquare about the deal 1 believe they meant to act right, but I said we must have some tucker First, before we came to business, being nigh starved. 4 I'll make a billyfol of tea,' sez I, and by thunder^ I did. I shoved in a handful of indigo with the tea whilst the young feller was after the horses and the other was reading his book, lyin' alongside the (ire. Then 1 Bcooped the indigo out and burnt it. ' Now I'm ready for you,' thinks I. ' There ain't enough to pizen you, but it'll make you see stars, I know.'" "The young feller was the first," continued the Doctor, with a hardly suppressed chuckle, amid a breathless silence on the part of his audience. ' My God 1' he see, * that tea tastes queer/ ' Does it ?' ses Dadde, ladling out a pannikinfuL 'What's the matter with it? and down it went with him. By the jumping powers 1 I tell you, boys, they were both laid oat in less than two twos. I thought at first I'd given 'em too much, but you see 1 had to chance it When I saw how it was I didn't lose much time. I only meant at first to clear out with the hones, and leave them two to get round by theicselves; but when I saw bow bad they were, 1 thought I'd best bring them along. Tell yon wfcat it was, though, I had to give them another bit of a dose each next day, for the were both getting round. It made them as stoopid as biled owls, you bet But here they are, and they'll be all right again in a day or two. And that's the yarn as well as I can pitch it toyou, lads." .... So ended the episode of the religious move ment at Coopoopeioo. Originally promulgated by Slim Jim, it reached its height under the ministrations of Daddy, the preacher, only to suffer total eclipse with his abrupt departure. Whether Mb Dadds was really innocent or an accora plicc in the theft of the horses was never property known. The prevailing opinion in Coopoopeioo was that he was undoubtedly a party to it, ana hoped by a bold stroke to levy further blackmail. However, when it came to paying off old ecores, he was, after mature deliberation, given the benefit of. the doubt. The young man, John, amid general execration, was publicly branded on the shoulder with the j letters ILl'.j signifying horse-thief, an ordi nary branding-iron, heated red-ho<> beingi used for the purpose. j The spirit of outraged justice in Coopoo peioo happily took no more revengeful ioriii; than this. The consciousness of victory en j gendered feelings of mercy in the minds of; the diggers, otherwise the rascally horse thief would certainly have ttet with his death' either by rope or rifle. But be was lucky1 enough to escape this. Alter the branding! he was publicly whipped oat of the camp, in company with his father, and as long us Coopoopeioo existed it never Bet eyes upon either again. 