[opKTtKUED FROM SATURDAY'S ISSUE.] [TUB EIGHT OF TRANSLATION IS RESERVED.] SAB1NA ZEMBRA. , . A Novel, • BY WILLIAM BLACK Author of " Macleod of Dare, ; Princess of Thule," etc : CHAPTER XX. — In London Again. This was Jauie Wygram who was making lior way up a dusky and narrow little stair case in a house in the Strand, and wonder ing the .while what had induced the newly married pair to pitch their dwelling in the very centre of the great city's turmoil. Then she gained a landing ; there was an open door before her ; and the next moment thl3 was no other than her beloved Sabie who had eagerly caught her by both hands, and drawn her into the light, and kissed her, and was smiling and laughing with gladness to see her again. ' And I know what you're thinking, Janie —that we've gone stark, staring mad to come and live in such a place. Oh, but you have no idea how convenient it is. I can pop down to Hungerford Pier in a couple of minutes—the Charity Organisation Society is quite close by — there's Charing Cross station handy for Fred—and Waterloo not so far away. At the mention of Fred Fostor's name, the rather bewildered Janie involuntarily looked round ; and Sabina instantly under stood that mute interrogation. 'Fred's gone down to Lillie Bridge,'she said lightly. . As plainly as possible Janie's little glance of surprise said: * Ho lias left you already— alone in London, too'f' but sho was a pru dent lass, and held hor peace ; and Sabina (.vhether or not alio had noticed that loot of 8U-prise) continued cheerfully enough:— ' I suppose he'll find some friends there, for lie's not coming back till the evening, and so I thought I would use the day for my own purposes. That is why I wrote to you, Janie, dear. I want you to come and help rae in getting a few things for the rooms. Comfortable little rooms, aren't they? And one need nover bo dull either just; look at this." Sho took her friend to the window, and showed her the busy,' rioisy thoroughfare, with its continual stream of passers-by, its shops and pavements and sandwich-men, its c ibs and vans and omnibusses, its ceaseless movement and kaleidoscopic groupings. « When :I'm jleffc :a poor forlorn grass widow,' Sabina* said, ' I can always amuse myself there.' But you know, Janie I shan't have much time for moping. Come, shall we go and begin our pui-chases at once? I want to ^et a f.ew^iwetty .thiiists, and soma useful things'aswell; just to make the place trim and s uig. Fred was no use in the way of advice; the°only thing -ho could suggest was a cel laret."' "" ;■ V • All t.hiR time .Tame had been quite silent; but now sne'tooK'Sabina'sliahd in hers, and regarded her witlu tender and -earnest .and wistful eyes, and said:— " Ah, you'don't knowvSabie—how glad I am—to find y6u ko—so—^o happy and con tented.". • ■, 1 Why, 1 you" dear, good silly crea.ure, Sabina answbVed, good-humouredly, ' "what did you expect? Did you expect to find rae Bitting; with a dagger and a bowl of poison before- me? Come along now, and we'll got o ir shopping done; and then we'll come back here to have; i bit of liinch; .and you will toll me all about my friends 'elown in Cholsea.' . ' And so they ' set forth ; and soon tliey were both engrossed in that important business. At the same time Janie could not fail to perceive that Sabina seemed deter mined to be scrupulously economical, and betrayed a quite new desire to have mouey a •worth for her money. Formerly she had been distinctly fniti- handed—-even to.carelessness; but now questions of small savings were con sidered ; and more that once she contented li'rself with a second-rate article, in spite of Janie's protest. On their way back to the rooms in the Strand, she even made some little kind of apology. 'You see, Janie,. if I am to have any mM<'in- at all to help my poor people down there, we must be very prudent in what we spend on ourselves. I dare say, m time and with care, wo may nuke a little nest-egg, imt in case of emergency ; but at presan. it is pretty much hand to mouth- and I lm«vmy father won't alter his resolution whitov-er Fred may think, lhat hundred pounds niv father gave me for the weddiug outfit just made all the difference to us ; you know [ spent as little as ever I could ; and out of the balance I paid for all things we have been buying ; andjl lent Fred twenty pounds this morning and even now !ha _ another five-and-twenty . lef . So you Bee when 1 oomo again to v.s.t my friends down there I shan't have a quite empty PU'y'ou lent Mr. Foster twenty pounds this morning ?' Janie was startled into ^Oh, well, Sabina rejoined, with lier usual good-nature, ' lie chose to call it a loan don't suppose our united fortunes "ill be so great that we need keep an account betweei us. I suppose that trip to Cornwall rathei impoverished him—the driving is so ex pensive there ; when you get married, my dear child don't you go to Cornwall. •How very business-like you havf giow , Sabio!' her friend exclaimed—perhaps with a touch of disappointment. •A married woman, my dear has liei responsibilities,' Sabina answered, briskly, as they were ascending to the room. And the first of these at present is to decide *1at we shall send out for, for lunch. Better still —we'll ring for the landlady, and ask hex ^IWas quite like old times for these two to be having a frugal little meal together, and of course there was a gieat dea talked over concerning the futures uud con dition of the poor people who had been tern | porarily under Janie's charge. 3S.>r «ere : other friends forgotten ; and at last Sabina said:— ' T. i « ' And what about Walter Lindsay?' Janie looked up quickly. 4 Why surely you know he has gone to America!' ' Oh, yes, I remember his speaking about it,' Sabina said. 'His speaking about it,' Janie repeatod, with something of reproach in her tone ; and then she added, with a bit of a sigh:— ' Ah, well, Sabie, I suppose it was not your fault Chat you did not care for him.' i But I did care for him/Sabinaanswered, warrcly, ' I cared for him very much indeed. He and I w«re always the best of friends. I Iiardly ever knew any one 1 liked more— why, how could it be otherwise?—he was so generous, arid manly, and courteous in every way. And so pleasant in manner.—I tell you I liked him very, very much indeed.' ' He loved you, Sabie.' Sabina hesitated for a moment, not know- I ing which way to take this. ' You should not say such things,' she said, quietly. ' There's no harm in saying it now,' wss the rejoinder. ' There trould be harm, if it were true/ Sabina said quickly. ' And I knew that you had some fancy of the kind; from the way you kept on talking about him. You mistook the very frankness of his friendship for some thing quite diiFerent.'1 ' Sabie, I'm telling.the truth!'she cried. ' Why, he worshipped the very ground you trod on! There never wa3 a man loved a woman more than he did you. He thought of nothing else but you ; night and day he was contriving to do you some little kindness-;—or evon to keep him self in your remembrance. Loved you ?— yes,. I should think lie did—you will never meet with a lovo like that again, if you live for a hundred years. : ;■ ■ V:.; 'Janie, you forgot! 'No, I don't forget,' Janie said, piteously, ' but I want to speak just this once. I think it is cruel—ho goe3 away, without a word—well, that is just like him—up to the last he had no thought or wish but for your happiness; and now—when you talk of other people—you—you mention him just as an ordinary acquaintance, and you've half for gotten that he's gone away to America. I suppose he would prefer that ; it was always his ,vay ; whatever was best for you—that was all lie thought of. I went to tell liim when you got engaged. I suppose r was rather put about. I had expected other things. But would he say a single word— except of kindness for you 1 No ; he niade me promise to remain your friend whatever happened ; he made me promise to make the best of everything ; he had nothing to say about, himself, though I could guess well enough. 'And so'you think you arc making the best of everything, Janie, by telling me all this? ' I don't want him to be quite forgotten. I don't think it's fair. You would have remembered if the moat ordinary acquain tance had gone away to America ;' and this man—the noblest man that I have ever mot with—lie goes away from his own country— and with a broken heart, as I take it—and you scarcely remember— ' Janie, don't make me angry,' Sabina said, ' I toll you I remembered well enough his intention of going to America ; we talked of it on my wedding-day ; and ho was as cheerful then as you might bo now, if you had only a little common sense.' Come, come, put that folly out of your head and let mo know if you have heard anything about him since his arrival—I should be glad to hoar of him now and again—I sup pose he has friends over there?' 'Friends! yes, I should think so!' said Janie, proudly. 'You should have seen the. account of the dinner they gavo him at one of the artists' clubs in New York—father got the newspaper, but I dont know who sent it—and they said such fine things about him, and spoke of his making America his home. But I know better than that,' Jauie' continued, with an. air of authority, T know better than that. He meant it one' time, no doubt ; and. he meant to sell his house and studio, and he askad me to go up one afternoon and help him to pick' out keopsakes for the people we knew beforo, ho sold everthing off. Well, wo were getting through with that—-and we have . all of us got something to remember him by—father, and mother, and all of us—when ho came to the. Chippendale cabinet iu the corneryof the studio. He did not tlfnk I saw him ; but I did ; he took out the -■ cup of ' rock-crystal with the stones round it—you once drank out of that cup, Sabie—' A slight flush came oh Sabiria's forehead. 'It was a piece of nonsense—I should have thought-nothing of it only that your mother mentioned it afterwards. 'Well, he looked at it a long time ; and then lie put it back ; and then ho turned to me. 'Do you remember the night Sabina canio here to supper?' ho said—fur I had asked him to call you Sabina during these last few days, when we wore talking a little about you. ' Of course I do,' I said. 'Do you remember how pretty she looked when she was up at the corner of tho table—the yellow fichu of lace round her neck, and the bunch of forget-mo nots in fio it. She -was very kind to nio that night. And do you remember her coming along through the garden, like a pale, beautiful ghost ; and her surprise at finding the studio so well lit up. That is where she sate—on the sofa there— while they were singing ' Shepherds, have you seen my Flora pass this way ?'—you remember all that evening, Miss Janie ?' As if I were likely to forget it ! ' Well,' lie says ' it's no use. 1 meant to sell this place, and go to America for good. I'm going to America, that's all right ; but so help me God, so long as I have a shilling left, I will never allow a stranger to come in and take possession of this house ? And that is how it stands at this moment ; and yet—yet— you say that man was not in love with you ! 'Janie,' Sabina said, ' you talk to me as if you had something to reproach mo with— as if I had done WalterLindsayagroat wrong. Well, you know Walter Lindsay. But so I; [ and I think I know him well enougli to make sure he never meant you to speak to me like that. This was a deadly homo-thrust; and for a second poor Janie became rather pale, and bit her lip. i ' You may say anything you like against I me, S.ibio; lam quite content when I sae von begin to appreciate Walter Linsday a I littlo. That was all that wa3 said on this subject just then; for lunch was over now; and when Sabina asked Janio wlwt they ought to do that afternoon (Atr Fred not returning tiii seven) andwlion Janie besought hertogo down and see the old people in Kensington Square she most cheerfully consented. They spent theafternoon partly in Kensington Sq iare, and partly in certain neighbourhoods to the soutli of that, looking up a few old friends aud ac quaintances; and then, when Sabina had to return to the Strand, Janie made the voyage with her from Chelsea pier to Hungerford, but could not bo inducod to go further than that. Some other time, she said, she said, ahe would call and see Mr. Foster and Sabina together. As it chanced, if she had accompanied Sabina homo to those rooms, she would have found Fred Foster in a remarkably good humour. ' Ain't we smart!' said he, as he eame in (Sabina had preceded him by but a few minutes.) ' Now,"I do cal! this uncommonly neat aud snug for the very middle of Lo:.don Oh, Janio helped yon, did she? Give her my love when you see her, she's not particularly beautiful; but I consider those people wore awfully good to you. Now Dame Durden, what's the programme for this evening? T>> begin with some dinner. The strong point of this arrangement is that we are not de pendent on couks or butlers or anybody who may get drunk and brealc things; you wander out into the world of Loudon and dine whoro you please—the best of food, and the bsst of wines, if you only know where to go to; no bother; you can entertain your friends, t:>o, when fortune smiles on you. So off you go and make yourself gorgeous; aud we'll try the Cri,' .. ' The what?' she asked, ' The Criterion, No; let me see; we'll goto the Cafa Royal; there I may have a cigar after dinner, Jjook »Uve, for I'm des perately hungry, They went to that restaurant, and Mr Fred showed considerable expenencj and skill in ordering their little banquet, with its appropriate wines; Sabimv rather" 'tdolc himjto task for his extravagance; but he said lightly:— '.Oh, you let me alone. I've had a little bit 6f luck to-day. Well, I don't consider it luck as I told you before—I consider it bard justice—it's only getting a little of my property back. Don't you make any mis take—tho breast of : a partridge ' av;'.v; 'a'glass! of Pommard were specially, invented , by a" beneficent Providence to go together—don't be a foolf but do'as you're bid. I tell you „I!m jgoing to. look after you, and see you., through this turmoil they call life. He was quitemorry, indeed; and'told her many facetious stories about the two or three companions he had run against during' the day; indeed so lightly di-.l the time pass that it was after nine o'clock before he had finished his 6igar and was ready to leave. ' I had intended taking you to the theatre,' he said, as he called for his bill, 'but that's the worst about play-going in London now; the theatres are too popular; you are never sure of a decent scat, unles3 you solemnly make up your mind a long time before—as if you were going to be married, or hanged, or something. Thon they don't let you smoke. Arid; besides, you've got to rush away in the middle of your dinner, just when one's inner consciousness feels the want of repose. Now the music-halls don't give you the highest form of intellectual; entertainment—I admit that.- It :is:.'t Shakespeare. ' But, mind you there's something uncommonly handy in your being able to drop in at any time; always something going on; a cigar, or a drink, 1 when you wan', it; • or an; '6venirig:pa'per, to vary ithe thing. ;:;Lpok;here; what \do; you'sjiy to driving up to tho Oxford for an.hour?: ;;; 'The Oxfoid''-she repeated, inquiringly.1'-; ' Yes it's a music-hall, don't you know? Oil well,] it isn't high culture, as I admit; but it's a way of passing.- ;.an ;liour;„ and. tlien:j you wouldn't meet any body—I mean, we should get a; private .box; no one "would. know that you were there.'-.- 'And sometimes there's.very good;singing, ili.r : i;'; ; - : ' If you don't mind,' Bhe said, 'I think I woulil as soon <»u. back to our, rooms,^and.see how p.11 our:-new:finery:looks. >■- -• ■ •••&>>» - \- ! 1 Oh vxry well,';ho 'said;;:'contentedIy; and so they wont downstairs, and got into a'han som, land were driven homo. Sabina took ;to planning;; and .arranging^ and stitch:ng • wli ere^ that was. wanted; lie'api; plied himself to Dufton's excellent treatise on 1 Practical Billiards,' but soon fell asleep.' When lie awoke, it was half;past eleven; and thenjhe preceeded to mix for himself a little spirits and water, as an adjunct to his final :cigar'. (To he Continued;) " 