ANGLO COLONIAL NOTES. From our own Correspondent, London,November 7. The appointment of Lord Onslow, the late' Under-Secretary of State for the Colonies, to the Governorship of New- Zealand is generally regarded as a fortu- nate thing for New Zealand. Lord Onslow has already some experience of Austra- lians, is a nobleman of some fortune, and his family circle is a charming one. His dinners at Richmond-terrace, Whitehall, are celebrated for their charming novelty. They generally are served, not at one large table, but at a number of small tables, it being understood that the guests can change their seats after each coarse if they wish to converse with another guest in a different part of the room. The Colonial Office are rather troubled in their mind about Sir Thomas Mcll- wraith's objection to Sir Henry Blake, and are attributing the friction to South Aus- tralia's Initiative concerning the Marquis of Normandy. Mr. J. Ewing, who writes under the name of Christopher Crayon, the author of ' Hydropathy and Health,' is about to start for Australia with a commission from the Christian World to write a series of papers upon Australia for that paper,, which will ultimately be published in a volume. A number of the 'Picturesque Aus- tralia,' edited by Mr. Morris, Professor of English in Melbourne University, has just been, brought out by Casselll & Company. The present issue deals with Sydney. Mr. Cole, of J. Martin & Co., of Gawler, is returning by the Oceans after a satisfactory visit to the United Kingdom and the Continent, and after having dispatched the newest machinery in con- nection with the works at Gawler as well as capable workmen. Since he arrived in August Mr. Cole has visited locomo- tive and agricultural machine works at Crewe, Glasgow, Manchester, and Wolver- hampton, besides making a visit of a week to Krupps works at Essen. On this trip to Germany Mr. Cole was accompanied by Mr. Krupp's Australian agent, and saw everything which it was possible and which it was allowable that a foreigner should see. He was entertained free of expense In the hotel which Mr. Krupp has erected for the special use of his busi- ness visitors, and which they' say is full nearly all the year round. Before leaving Essen Mr. Cole was entertained at a dejeuner, where much that was pleasant and complimentary was said of Australia ; and after it was over, and the party had adjourned to the smoking-room, Mr. Cole had the honour of smoking his pipe in the chair which Bismarck had occupied when on one of his visits to sea- some arms for the German forces. Mr. Cole is now on a visit to Mr. Waterhouse at Edenbridge in Kent. Mr. J. T. Turnbull is staying in Edin- burgh, where he is in the hands of Dr. Walter Walston, the celebrated specialist for nasal complaints. On September 4 Mr. Turnbull had removed twenty-five, polypi by the electro-cautery treatment, ard at the beginning of this month another thirteen by the same process.Mr. Turnbull trusts that he will have all of the polypi now visible removed before he leaves Edinburgh, and is immensely re- lieved by the operation. 'We have, had a great deal of ephe- meral literature published bath in the periodicals and daily papers lately, an instance of how colonial life and thought are coming within . the ordinary reach of the average citizen. Even old-established magazines like Blackwood and Macmil- lan condescend to take tales founded upon Australian adventures. The former of the magazines mentioned has an Aus- tralian sketch this month, remarkable for, nothing except that it is colonial. It is, however, fresh and novel to the reader satiated with the ordinary stock literature. In the course of the narrative the writer soliloquises upon the Chinese question in the following strain : — 'Poor, persecuted Mongolians ! cleanest of cooks, steadiest of servants, always sober, willing, and active, patient under abuse, never bearing malice. Is it simply a question of fear of cheap labour, 'or is it that the steadiness and sobriety of the 'heathen Chinee' put to shame the Australian. Christian that the colonies are now going to close their ports against you ?' There is a bit of advice given which no doubt has something in it: — 'My dear fellow, when you have been in the colonies as long as I have, you will learn that you lose nothing by making the most of yourself.' Another tit-bit from f: On the Wallaby Track' is that though, the hero of the story has since his return to civili- zation eaten as good a dinner as can be cooked more often than he. can remember, still there is nothing half so good as devils on the coals. Mr. Withall has arrived from Adelaide, and will, I understand, shortly join the London Board of the Kangarllla Silver Mine, which has been. ' privately floated.', The other members of the home Direc- torate are Sir John Heron Maxwell, Mr. Stuart Bailey, of F. Joyce & Co., a well-known ammunition firm, and Mr. Frederick Brooks, of Messrs Ash- ford & Brooks. It has been decided by Mr. Burgoyne, the wine merchant, that he will not exhibit at Paris next; year, in conse- quence of his not being able to secure an advantageous position at the Exhibition. Mr. Burgoyne has been over in Paris, and bitterly complains of the second class space put at the disposal of the British Commission, as well as the lack of energy shown by it According to a new business arrangement which ought to -answer, Mr. Burgoyne has parcelled out England and Wales into ten districts, with a traveller for each. ' Mr. Joe Scott, the champion pedestrian, has just said 'Walker' decidedly to his friends, and gives put that failing any more matches he leaves for New Zealand at an early date,going by way of San- Francisco. Scott Intends to have a short stay in America, where he hopes to get up a match. The Hon. David Murray will be present at the Lord Mayor's banquet to-night, Mr.Murray has returned to London from Scotland, and will go back to South Aus- tralia in March; Talking with him the other day,- he says that he has dropped his proposed Pastoral Company for a time, and intends to enjoy himself for the next few months until things work better in the colonies. The Honourable David looks in much better health than I have seen him since his arrival in England. The caricature in the Lantern of him seems to have touched his sense of humour, and he seemed to appreciate the refusal to curtail his leave of absence. I hear that Messrs. Rothschild are sending. out large sums of money for investment in Melbourne and Sydney lands. Mr. Pearson is pursuing his idea that there is petroleum on the Coorong. The South Australian Petroleum Fields, Limi- ted, has been registered with a proposed, capital of £100,000. The following is Professor Redwood's report on the pre- sumed occurrence of petroleum on the Coorong, which is only now forthcoming, though it was stated to have been in existence some time back. The report is dated. October 29, and runs thus in guarded terms :—"I have given careful consideration to the particulars placed before me in relation to the presumed existence of petroleum in the vicinity of the Coorong, in South Australia. These particulars include a paper read at a meeting of the South Australian Institute, on February 13, 1874 by Mr. T. U. Scrutton, "on the probability from the evidence before us of the existence of petroleum or coal in South Australia." Professor Tate's remarks on the search for coal and oil, published in the South Australian Register for November 2 1881, a geological map of the country, a large scale map of the property, and a diagram of the borehole carried to a depth of 660 feet by the Salt Creek Petroleum Oil Prospecting Company; I have also ex- amined a sample of the so called Cooron- gite or elastic bitumen found on the surface of the ground in the locality. The indications which are stated to have been met with in the trial boring, which some years ago was carried to a depth of 26 feet, would certainly be regarded in petroleum producing districts as of most promising character. According to the account placed before me it appears that when a depth of 16 feet had been reached there was a consider- able discharge of gas, accompanied with an outflow of water, having an oily scum on the surface, and that at a depth of 20 feet sandstone impregnated with petroleum was found. It is stated that in conduct- ing the 660 feet boring already referred to both gas and oil were met with, and that from the drilling cable a small quan- tity of petroleum was collected. The diagram of this boring indicates that shells were found in the strata perforated by the drill, and I am informed that the shells identified by Professor Tate as of the Miocene age were from the boring in question. These evidences of the presence of petroleum, taken in conjunction with the fact that elastic bitumen is found on the surface, in my opinion furnish ground for the inference that deposits of petroleum exist in the locality. This view receives support from the circumstance that the geological formation is that in which petroleum occurs abundantly in other countries. It is also worthy of note that deposits of salt are stated to exist in the neighbourhood, and that petroleum is commonly met with in association with this substance. It is not possible, con- cludes Professor Redwood, to base upon the material at my disposal any un- qualified opinion as to the character of the results which would attend the search for petroleum in the neighbourhood of the Coorong ; but having regard to the comparatively small expenditure which would be involved in putting down a few judiciously-located test wells, and the immense importance which would attach to the discovery of petroleum in com- mercially available quantities, especially in view of the value of the material as fuel, it appears to me that the indications referred to are such that a systematic testing of the territory with the drill should forthwith be made. It has been stated to me by the promoters of the Company that Professor Redwood further remarked that 2,000 feet was the average depth sunk in America before petroleum was reached, and that Mr. George Adams, a petroleum expert of repute and geological engineer, has declared his willingness to go out. Mr. David Murray, upon whose run I believe the fields exist, declares that he has a very poor opinion of the specula- tion. Among the new books recently pub- lished is the 'Captain General,' a story of the attempt of the Dutch to colonize New Holland. The volume is chiefly founded on some old black-letter documents, and is of an exceedingly interesting character, taking us back to the period when Pieter Carpenter, an Admiral of the Dutch East India Company, returned to Holland with the news of his discovery of the Gulf (Carpentaria) which bears his name. Im- pelled by this knowledge, and in the belief that the southward continent of the Asiatics had at last been found, the Dutch merchants fitted out a fleet of merchant men to carry a colony to what is now called the north of Australia, It is the story of this disastrous voyage, which is the chief material of 'Captain-General.' After about a third of the voyage had been accomplished — voyages to Australia took in those days about nine months — the whole of the fleet, except Pelsart's ship, the Batavia, was overwhelmed in. a storm. Pelsart himself was able to take his ship within about 200 miles of Western Australia, where she ran aground on Houtman's Abrohlos, or shoals, which were discovered 102 years before by Menezes, the Portuguese, the first European to touch the coast of' Western Australia, and rediscovered in 1598 by Houtman, who had come from slavery in Barbary to pioneer the way for the Dutch in these distant seas. After the wrecked colonists had been on the reef Borne time Pelsart went off in search of water, and while he was away internal quarrels broke out, which ended in a massacre by those who had possessed themselves of the firearms, the child being killed In the mother's arms, and the mother being killed to follow the babe. The select few now left divided the treasure chest between them, and resolved to piratically capture the first vessel which answered their, signals on the desert island. At length a vessel— the Saar- dam — was seen approaching the island, carefully taking soundings, and the mutineers rowed out in the hope that un- suspectingly they would be taken aboard; -but alas for the mutineers, it was Pelsart returned, and they were put in irons. The log of Pelsart's adventures is found in the publication of the Hakluyt Society, as one of the first records of exploration on the western coast of Australia, along which he had gone in search of -water, and afterwards leaving that barren shore had sailed for Java. In the interests of justice Pelsart executed the majority of the mutineers, and in the interests of his owners he had brought with him divers, who brought up. all the silver and bullion which was Iying in the ill-fated Batavia, except one chest which lies there still, untouched by Western Australian speculators. The story ends with the speculative reflection how different might have been, the future of Australia if Jerome Cornelia, the leader of the massacre of his fellow and weaker colonist had not succeeded In his aim, .and wrecked the Dutch endeavour to colonize New Holland. PECULIAR ADVERTISING- A cheap clothes dealer has been driven to a novel expedient by the demand for something new in the advertising line. He has torn out from .copies of Dante's 'Inferno' and Milton's ' Paradise Lost,' which are illustrated by Dore, a lot of the most hideous full- page pictures, and has them scattered thickly about among the goods in his show- window. Wretched beings writhe under a rain of fire upon a pair of trousers placarded, 'Like this, $3. Demons lash naked ghosts through a forest of serpents upon a suit ticketed ' Imported, only $20 !' and Adam and Eve eat their evening meal in Eden against a background of striped cloth labelled—' Pants of this piece only $4 50 cents,"' 