A PRETTY PARISIENNE OHAPTER IX.-(Continued.) •' Of course, and you can rely upon my assistance. Your friend and my self will obtain you some situation that will suit you, never fnear. It gives me great pleasure to see you show this solicitude in regard to your future. It is if good sign. You are beginning to get your ideas together. You will soon be yourself again. But why don't you try to re-enter the .mercantilo house in which you were employed prior to your accident ?' 'That would be useless. My former employers would not take me back. A merchannt always distrusts an em ploy0 who may absent himself at any time; and as proof that those gentle men do not think much of me, they didn't trouble themselves to find out 'hat had become of me.' ' Better and better. You reason as ,if you had never had your skull damaged. Your improvement is rapid; and in a very short time you will again be in full possession of all your faculties, including that of memory. Now, those are my orders for the present: moderate and wholesome nourishment, absolute repose of mind, and plenty of exercise. Walk about the streets, and especially frequent the neighbourhood of the Faubourg Montmartre. It was there that you left your friend, and it was there that your nocturnal adventure must have begun. Who knows but the sight of some insignificant object like a house, a shop, or a street corner, even, may put you on the track.' 'It is easy to lounge about when one has nothing to do,' muttered M?arbeuf; 'but eating is quite a different matter.' 'I understand that, my dear patient. One cannot live upon air, so I beg that you will allow me to provide for your immediate wants,' said Dr. Valbrdgue, drawing a five-hundred franc note from his pocket-book. Then, seeing that Marbeuf seemed disposed to decline taking it, the worthy doctor added, quicklly: 'It is only a loan. You can repay it as soon as you obtain ,situation-repay it in instalments, so you need not inconvenience yourself in the least. Accept this slight service, I beg of you. You.will wound me very much if you refuse.' Encouraged by a few words from Andr6, M'arbeuf yielded, thanking the doctor warmly, and in wellchosen terms. While this conversation was going on, the carriage had nearly reached its destination. After passing the bridge and the Place de la Con corde, and traversing the Rue Royale, thoe Rue Tronchet and the Rue du Hfavre, it was now rolling rapidly along the Rue Saint Lazare, which leads to the Rue Lamartine. ' Heaven grant that I may find my furniture safe!' sighed Marboeuf. 'Rave no fears. It has not been disturbed,' saidAndr6. 'Thecommis sriry of police, who was informed of" your absence, sealed your door up.' 'It must have been generally sup posed that I was dead, then ?' 'What else could we think ? You had gone away without taking any luggage with you, and vithout inform ing the doorkeeper that you would be absent for a month and more. She will take you for a ghost.' As Andrd spoke,' the carriage drew up in front of the house. 'Well, my friend, do you recognise your residence ?' inquired the doctor. 'Perfectly. It seems to me that I left it only yesterday, though I am very glad to get back to it again. Excuse me if I go up first.' The doctor followed his patient closely, however, and Andr6 brought up the rear. In another instant, loud exclamations of astonishment re sounded through the hall, as the door keeper recognised Marbeuf, and gave vent to her surprise and delight. Mfarbeuf scarcely noticed her, but hastened on upstairs in order to avoid any explanation, to the great astonish ment of mother Hippolyte, who had several things to say to him, and many more to ask him. In fact, she was so amazed that she allowed Dr. ValbrA. guo to pass on unchallenged, but when Subligny appeared, she ex claimed: 'So you have found him at last? Where has he come from ?' ' He has been on a journey.' 'A strange kind of journey! Ho left without any trunk, and in the same clothes he now has on his back, and he took no more notice of me just now than if he had returned from drinking a glass. And I weont and re ported his disappearance to the com -missary of police! I shall now have to go and tell him that the bird has returned to his cage.' 'That isn't necessary. Marbeuf will go himself, and lie will tell you about his trip some other time. But toll me, is Mademoiselle Babois at home ?' ' No, she went out some time ago, and hasn't yet returned. That re minds me-she loft a message for you.' ' What was it ~' iinquired Subligny, enagorly. 'She told me to ask you to wait for her, if you came back before she did, and said she would not be gone long. But, my goodness ! she loft the house about half an hour after you did, and I have not seen her since. She went out with the stout woman you met on the staircase, her employer, I think. At least, Mademoiselle Babois had a bandbox in her hand. When she comes in, shall I tell her you are up stairs ?' 'Certainly, and you might add that I am very anxious to see her, and that I should be greatly obliged to her if she would knock at Marbeuf's door.' Andr6 had, in fact, met a woman on the staircase, but being in great haste, he had scarcely glanced at her; besides, he had not seen Madame Divet often enough to recognise her readily. However, the doorkeeper's announcement now surprised and alarmed him. ' What!' he muttered, as he flow upstairs three steps at a time, to overtake his friend, 'can this unfortunate child have really gone out with the woman against whom I had just warned her ?. I know she intended to go to the shop, but why did her employer come for her ? Can it have been to draw her into some trap, and then deliver her up to the Russian prince ? It must be now at least four hours since she left the house. What has become of her? I must find out, with the least possible delay. I will start for the Boulevard Magenta as soon as the doctor leaves; but no, I must first question Marbouf, and I cannot do that in Dr. Valbrigue's presence.' On reaching the fourth floor Andrd found the door open, for Marbouf, encouraged by Dr. Valbruigue, had broken the seals, and was now mak ing the tour of his apartments. He had the triumphant air of an exiled king who has at last returned to his capital, and seemed to feel an almost childish delight in taking an inventory of his treasures. ' Here is my writing table !' he exclaimed, ' here is my arm chair, and here is my bed! I shall sleep better here than in Number Nineteen, though that was not an un comfortable couch, by any means. Here are my engravings, my photo graphs, and my cuckoo-clock. No thing has been disturbed.' 'I was the only person who entered the room after your departure,' re marked Andr6. ' But look ! my revolver is no longer hanging on the wall!' cried Marbeuf. 'Was it you who took it ?' Andr6 blushed. He had entirely forgotten the revolver which Babiole had prevented him from using; but he now rememinbered that Chantepie had neglected to return it to him. 'Yes,' replied Subligny, 'I was ex amining it the evening you left, and forget where I put it, but I will find it again.' The doctor listened, smiling, re. joiced to see his interesting patient reo gain his mental powers so rapidly. .' You are safe now, my friend,' he said to him. ' Your memory is returning at a gallop, and will soon be entirely restored. It is only a question of a few days, or even hours; now. But I haven't time to avait your complete recovery here. Follow my directions implicitly, and* call to see me every Wednesday and Saturday, from two tofour, atNo. 15 RueHal6vy. Ileave you in Monsieur Subligny's charge; and to prevent any one from disturb ing the qiuiet of which you stand so much in need, I will notify the com missary of police of your return as I pass his office, and request him not to trouble you. I will tell. him your story, and he will understand that he need give himself no further anxiety about you. As for you, monsieur,' continued Valbrkgue, turning to Andr6, ' I need not commend your friend to your care,'for I know your devotion to'him ;but-you will kindly remember me to 'Monsieur: Vernelle and his charming daughter ? It will afford'me very great pleasuiro. to be present at your wedding when it takes place.' The physician accompanied these remarks with two hearty hand shakes, and the one he gave Marbeuf was none the less cordial from the fact that he felt his patient's pulse as he did so, purely from force of habit. ' You have a little fever,' he remarked. 'It will subside, but remember, there must be no excitement.' With this last bit of advice the phy cxeian went off, Andr6 accompanying him as far as the landing. On his return, Marbeuf threw himself into his arms, ' You have saved my life!' he exclaimed. ' I should have died there in the hospital, or rather Ishould have gone mad.' 'It was not I who saved you, but your pretty neighbour. If she had not recognised you yesterday, the idea of going to the hospital to look for you would never have occurred to me. But tell me about yourself. Is it really true that you have forgotton everything ?' 'It is true. Can you suppose that I was playing such a trick for the sake of remaining in a place where I had no more freedom than in a prison ?' 'No, certainly not. But I thought your memory had perhaps returned since you had seen me; and I felt very grateful to you for saying nothing before Dr. Valbrdgue, for he is Mon sieurVernelle's physician.' 'I don't understand your meaning very clearly. Can you have anything to conceal from your employe ? By the way, you are going to marry his daughter, it seems. That is a piece of good news, surely. You will be. come his partner one of these days, and then you can give me a place in the house of Subligny & Co.' 'Nothing could give me greater? pleasure, my friend; but the house is no longer in existence. I shall be married in about a week, but Monsieur Vernelle will be obliged to retire at the" end of the month. Be has met with tromendous losses lately.' . ('Ib le continuwed.) 