MISCELLANEOUS. A Melbourne syndicate has bought the Adelaide Arcade. Mr. E. G. Brand died at Broken Hill on the 3rd inst. from an overdose of morphia. Standard silver in London on June 1 was worth 3s 6d an ounce, with a firm market. The Chinamen of Adelaide have already raised £100 for the relief of the sufferers from the floods in the Flowery Land. Mr. Dashwood, M.P., thinks the mining industry is too well established to be per manently injured. A parcel of 8 cwt. of stone from the War Dance Mine has yielded at the rate of 2,200 oz. of silver and 1 oz. 2 dwt. of gold per ton. The Government will consider the ques tion of establishing a eilver mint in Ade laide. The Government Geologist was in a great hurry to get away from Auburn the other day. To add to a summons after being duly signed by a magistrate is a forgery. Officers of the police, beware, or else you will draw the Badger. In the event of a vacancy occurring in the representation of this electorate (says a Broken Hill paper), Mr. H. A. Grainger, formerly a member of the South Australian legislature, is mentioned as a likely candi date. The Hon. 3. Darling objects to hon. mem bers being away on lenre of absence for protracted periods, especially as payment of members is in vogue. Quite right, Mr. Darling. If a man is paid for doing his doty he should fulfil his obligations. A 50-mile Uniting match recently took place between Quorn and Wilmington. Mr. E. Buchanan drove a single horse in a buggy and Mr. A. Mclnnes piloted a pair. The 1 niter won by about nine minutes, the stakes being £10 a eid^. The BaUarat Courier repeats the story that when General Wong Ho was in Victoria one of his servants was detected in the act of stealing some silverware from the Government House during the time the Commissioners were the guests of the Governor. In China the law is to behead the thief at once, but this could not be thought of in Victoria. The thief was therefore taken to China, and a leading Chinese resident of Ballarat has just received a letter from a re lative in his native land, stating that the man was there tried for the offence, con victed, and beheaded by two officers at tached to the Imperial suite in a courtyard of the palace. The Adelaide correspondent of tbe Ka punda paper writes: — Business smartness is commendable, and a man who can adroitly compromise a matter with his conscience is sometimes wiser than the children of light. (I do not, of coarse, refer to the children of the District of Light!) The story runs round that there is somewhere in this colony a gentleman who is as good a preacher of righteousness as maker of excel lent bargains, ana tnat one day be ottered a block of land to a purchaser for £500, stating that the owner instructed him not to take a penny leas. The man, however, offered him £450. After some reflection the conscientious agent said, 'Well, I cannot possibly sell to you until I see the owner, but if you will wait half an hour I will see him and find out whether he will take £450.' Then he ran away to his own office, looked into bis own looking-glass, saw therein the face of the owner, which was his own face, too, and ran back to the customer, telling him that he could have the land for £450. Wasn't that smart ? The application of Darwin's great theory to commercial competition is more than a parable. ? It is the scientific explanation of causes which have wrecked civilisation in the past and may wreck them in the future. The struggle must go on while men are impelled by the desire for a greater profusion of what sustains life or makes it happier. It often has been, and often ie, carried on by the sword ; but important victories may be won, and disastrous defeats sustained, by more peaceful means. The discovery of the passage round the Cape transferred the trade of the east from the Mediterranean to London aad Amsterdam, and most merchants in the city affirm that the cutting of the Suez Canal has more deprived England of the advantage of situa tion. The commercial success of Switzer land, however, proves that national charac teristics are at least as important as geo graphical position, and it is well from time to time to ask if we are doing all that in us lies to train tnose who suau roiiow us to maintain what our predecessors have won. — Nature. A recent number of Truth is responsible for the following paragraph:— I am half afraid that my researches on gout, of which I gave the world the benefit some little time ago, have won for me a medical reputation which it will be difficult for me 0 keep up. I don't know how else to account for the fact of my having had sent to me an essay by Dr. Alfred London, pro fessor in the Antipodean University of Adelaide, on the subject of ' Myositis ossificans.' As this title conveyed no glimmer of an idea to my ' higher cerebral centres' I read the pamphlet, the contents of which I found ' edifying, but tough,' as the Yankee said of the 'Pilgrim's Pro gress.' Dr. Lendon describes and illustrates a most singular disease, which I am com forted to find is of extreme rarity. It is something akin to the accident which be fell Lot's wife — only that instead of being changed into salt, the victim of ' Myositis ossificanB' finds his flesh gradually turn into bone. Be thus in time becomes a living ekeletion of the most literal kind; all his joints stiffen, and he loses all power of moving. One of Dr. Lendon's cases was employed in watching workmen, an occupa tion for which the poor fellow was well fitted, for, as the doctor says, with some what grim humor, ' when he was once fixed in his station it was impossible for him to desert it.' As usual, nothing is known as to the cause of this malady, and still less, if possible, as to any means of re lieving it. It should be a warning, how ever, to schoolmasters of the Orbilius type to know that in one of Dr. Lendon's cases the disease seems to have arisen in con sequence of a blow which a teacher gave the patient across the shoulders with a ruler. A funny story is told of the telephone. A cement manufacturer some miles below London Bridge was lately placed in circuit. He is rather high-tempered and easily pro voked. His foreman is old, short-sighted, and somewhat dull of hearing. The latter has sometimes to go the master's private office for instructions. The other day he saw his master was alone, and, all oblivious of the new means of communication, he stood himself on tbe mat outside of the open door. Master to the instrument — ' Halloa ! What is it you want ?' Man at door — * I want to know how many bar row-loads of etuff — ' Master to the man — ' Will you be quiet there for a minute ?' To the instrument — ' Eh ! I didn't catch what you eaid.' Man — 'It's about the stuff we've been a workin' on, and its time — ' Master to man — ' Will you be quiet, will you P I'm not speaking to you.' To the instrument (loud) — ' Repeat that, please; I can't hear well.' Man at door (louder than ever) — ' If you're a-goin to put that ' ere stuff in, sir, we want to know — .' Master to man (Jouder than ever) — 'Oh, dear, will you shut up, you old fool ? Don't you see that I'm engaged ?' Hanging up the receiver, he slammed the door in the foreman's face. When he returned he could get no further communication. The man thinks his master was out of his mind, talking to himself in that dreadful way. The master wonders why the man at the other end didn't finish his message, and thinks the telephone's no good. The man at the other end is waiting for an explanation as to the strange replies he received when he was trying to send on an older for cement by telephone, and has placed it elsewhere. In the interesting paper read by Mr. G. J. Symons, F.R.S., before the Royal Me teological Society on the non-existence of thunderbolts, before quoted by us, that gentleman said he had endeavored to track i 1 -iti.V 1 II* V * It me su-caueu. muaueruuiits wnertJver ne coma hear of them, but they had vanished before the man of science like ghosts before the daylight. His inquiries showed that there was no more transmission of a thunderbolt, or of any other solid body, when an electric spark rushed through the air, than there is the transmission of a material substance when a message is telegraphed across, or rather under, the Atlantic Ocean. Some times a lightning flash appears to strike the ground, and a spherical nodule of iron pyrites is found near the spot. It was there before. Still, the ignorant imagine it came from the clouds, and with the lightning. Belemites, which are really fossil animals, are found similarly and in Webster's Dic tionary are described as ' thunderstones,' and as auch are often preserved. Occa sionally a heavy discharge of lightning falls on a bed of sand, penetrates it for several feet, and melts the silex in its path, fusing it into a kind of glass, which is known as rmgurite, some nne specimens or which are to be found in the British Museum. This, and this only, could have any pretence to be considered a thunderbolt ; but then it does not descend from the clouds, and is caused solely by the intense heat of the lightning. Mr. Symons did not deny that solid bodies do at times come down from the sky and strike the earth, but these are meteorites and aerolites — substances falling upon the earth from planetary space. They are always falling, but when accidentally they descend during a thunderstorm they are instantly designated thunderbolts, although the two phenomena have absolutely no connection. For the credit of Englishmen the lecturer hoped that henceforth the word thunderbolt would be erased from our dictionaries. Three thousand persons assembled the other day at a little church near Athens (U.S.A.), where the minister, the Rev. Nathaniel Pridgeon, who is 84 years old, was to preach his own funeral sermon. His reason for doing so was this : — ' Eighty four years,' he said to a reporter, *? have passed over my head. I have heard ser mons preached over people that were not true. 1 nave Heard baa men praised and good men half praised. I have preached the gospel for 50 years. I know my own faults and my own good points. I have determined not to have men talking over my dead body about things they do not know. I made up my mind to preach my own funeral sermon, and to-day I will whip the carnal Pridgeon, and I will extol the spiritual Pridgeon. When at last my eyes are closed in death I want my body to be put away quickly under the blessing which I will pronounce over myself to-day.' A coffin had been ordered, and this was placed in the church 5 Mr. Pridgeon rising early on Sunday and examining it critically, and testing it by placing himself in it. At noon he ascended to his pulpit, the members of his family being in mourning. In his ser mon he denounced the custom of holding funeral observances ; but since custom had forced them he nronosed, he said, to attend to his own funeral himself. ' The sermon,9' a reporter says, ' was a curious medley of foolish sayings and good sense, many ob servations causing laughter. Hymns were sung frequently. Before he got through with his discourse many began to leave the church. Mr. Pridgeon, after the sermon was over, gave a sketch of his life. He was born in North Carolina, but has been living in Georgia 70 years. He has preached in 11 States, to all of which the Lord called him, except Alabama, and he stoutly de clares that only the devil could draw a man to that State. He has been twice married, and declares that no man ought to live single for a single moment when eo many good women are ausjous to get husbandj,', 