4PROFOUN 3'YSTERYV, PART ECOND SCHAPTER XXIII '"' a AT P .OPLAR: 1DGE.;: F ,, .A breathlesiaush seemed to lie upon the house, and all within it. 'Not a sound was to'be heard, \exceptthie soft rustli:ef the tree's, the ceaseless Ppatter of the rain .'In that silence they entered s the chamberi wihere the dying man lay; To the hour;. of his own death, that 9 moment, and all,. he saw-; was photo*' graphed. indelibly upon Sir Victor t Catheron's mind The diim ra light' of thei:room; lit by one sigall lam p, the bed in the centre; arid the awfully corpse- ike face of the I1 man lying .among the pillows,, and t gazing-satI hmi with hollow, spectral eyes. His father at last!' He advanced to the bedside'as thoriugh under a spll: ', Thu spectral'. hlue.eyes .`were' fix d"'" upon him" steadfastly; te pallid lips;b opened and spoke. l " '5 i Like, me-as ,I.I was-like 'me. Ethel·s n.' s : My father'.- d He was on n'his kneeiis, ' great awe C upon him. It was ithe first tiime in his c youn life he had ,'ever] beeni"intle i presence of deatli And, the dying man eas his father-his, father,: .whom, lie 0 had never seen before. '. .:: . ' Like mne,' the 'faint' lips repelated; ti my face, my height, 'myri name, y age . like me. Oh heaven? will his' end ha ( ike minel', 1ý · z P A thrill of horror ran through all his earers. His son strove to .take iisi asnd.:"It. was withdrawn. A frown " 'rnhkled the pailid brow.' 1, 'VWait I' he siaid 'painfully: 'D lonut ouchuse; don 't speak ho;me, wait.' Sit II lowe; don .t "kne tl there: You don't Si .no lhist you are aboti to hear. Inez, g tell hln now. r She closed the door,-still wilth that 1 :haingeless face, and lockedt it Ttseenid hi is though, havigte sufle.ed so :much, ti 'othing bad power .to move heri out, if vardly now. She p!nced a clhdir for [ads Elelena away from the bed=Ladvy lelena, whlo had stood aloof and not h spoken to the dying "man yet. She d placed a' chair for Sir Victor. nind it nmotioned him to seat himself; tien v rew anobther close't to hlse hidsidle, a' troked and kissed the: dyring 'ego b lhesi, in a voice that never faltered; sever failed, she began the story shahad i to tell; b . Half an hour.had passed;, the story was told, atnd silence r'eigied inr the darkened roonu: Lady .Helena'still sat P with averted face in her distant; scit; t not moving,; at looking up. The dyiig ' man still'ay gazing weirdly upon his d son, "death every secon'I a daiicing nearer. `Ines sat holding Ihisbitand, ler pale, sad face, her dark, pityys in'g eyes, turned also upon his son. I . That eon had risc,.. He stood .up it n the centre of the roomn, 'ith a white. b stunned face., What, was this he had? Ii Vas lie asleep and dreamingl Was it ill a horrible ghastly delusionl Were tl they nockiing hlii, or-- Oh, gracious si heaven;, was ii. true? '' mLit n out!'- they werc his first t words. '"I cai't breathec-I amnchokii'n in this room! Ishall go mad if you keep me her"e! He staggered forward as'a diunken nan or a blind man might ta""ger to h bhe door; He unlocked it,' opene it, passed out in to the paoge. anIrl down u i the stairs.. His aunt followed ,him,n hier eyes streaming,. her hands out , stretched f 'Victor-it y b, my soni. my darling! Victor for tei love of h eavuni, spakl tonie / But e;o nymade a "esturnfour her to stad back, and went oti.. . '.Keep away from e,' he said in a:: I stilled voice':1 ' Let.men think., Leae mse :lone-I cun't speak to you yet. lHeivent out forward into the outf dayligh';'for it ii.s now iearly morn- I ig. ' his head.was bare-his overcoat I eas of The rain beat' unheEded upon hinsi What was this he had liheard :.He paced.up ard: down under:he .i trees. " The moments passedsitn' hour sernt-he neither knewi nor careid. He ewis itiunned-satunned bdy aid soul too. stunned even : to; think. His mind was in chaos-an awfiul horror had fallen upon:him ,;'Il musbnwait before thought would come' .*-" Whiilst le mwass still paced.there at a stricken' inimal mnights' great cry ri'eed he ins'T" Thn a omaiin flyin.1 qfiurecome down.tbe p4h"' It'wase his Conte, comcmsne iidyding?:~ ;; ''te 'difew himu with her by man force into te housse upi th stair into the Oltainsar of dthlb utDiy; t had be-en there bteforedisemA d.a ma' lay upon the bed now, rsid and white.G A second cry arose'-a cry of more almost: than' woman's' woe "and with it luIei Cathro& cilaspieid the dead am hr a a's, edored hits face w~ith her i~4'sini"earss ¶lb'i~e;· son Stodbea'·t~e;~ide ;~~ Iter lie fioure of stone. gazm" down at that msarble fat. For the first time in his life he wasiSr VictoriO atheron. ChAPT'ER XXIV. -. itOW .TIIEm Y seFc DAY:BEGt.AN.. \- Six-; days late, Sir Victor. ;Ctheroni and -his aunt cae -home. - These seis ye had passed very quietly, very p1 eantly to Edith; -She was- not in'th· least lonely, and she thoughlt she ow the worst now. Her second fa ting fit had, it seemed, completely ha shed all her fears:and forebodings. I \- The same se e of relief in her lover'e f absence was udon her as she' had felt at Torquay. t seemed to her as she brec-thed freo' when the few score Y miles lay bet on them. She had her i, pet books ea music, and she read 'and r played a ge deal. She had her long r, solitary ram through the leafy lauan and quiet s her long dreves an the little pony ph.aton hefuture husband had 'iven her. S metimes lady 1 tGwendoline was her co panion, oftener I she was quite ,alone. She wRisjnot at all unhappy . naiw. She was just I drifting passively onto the ende - elhe bad chosen, and\ was quiuitlyj ~ abiding by her choice-thatawds all: She caught herself thinking sonmetimnes 1 that, since she felt so much happier in Sir Victor's brief, ahsenct holy was she*going to endure all th ,years ethat h must be passed at his side No doubt she would grow used to him after a while, as we groir used and rscmnciledlI to everything earthly i One circumstanice rather surprised her. During those six days of absence t she had received hut one note from, lier lover..: She had coqunted at least uponi the'post bringinig her one or two per . day, as when at Torquiayi but this time,. he iwrote to her but once an odd, I huirried, incoherent sort ,of note,, too " very brief and lunsatisfactiory, if hehi bad 1 had: much curiosity, on the subject of what was going on at St. John's.wood . Buiit she had not. Whether his, father. lived or died, so that he never-interfered with her claim' to' the title of Lady t Catheronin thiie future, Miss Darrell cared *very little. This hurried note briefly had told her his-father. had died on the day of their arrival, that by his* own request the burial placelwas to I Ktensal- reen, not'the Catheliron vaults;: thit lhe sicreit of his life iand death I was still to ie kepti inviolate, hand that (in this part, of the note, he grew im., pas'ionedly earnest) their marrigemwas 1 not to be postponed: : On the third of: October, as1 all had, beeni ariranged, it . was still to takre place. No other noe.f I follo'wed. If is Dairrell lind ben si ii lo'e with! 1 her future huise nd' this profound silence mnust have wounded, surprised, Grieved her: :But she was not in love 1, He niist be very ninciu occupied 'she careles'sly thought, sincea lie cou!d iot I find tiime o drodp her` a daily builitin,; t hliendidisissed the matter indiff rentlyl from her mind. Late in the eveningeof the sixth day i Sir Victor and .lady Helena returned . home. Edith stood alone, awaiting them, dressed in black ailkr with Eoft' fwhite I lade and ruiby oriamenteiith 1andlooking . very, handsome. Her lover rushed in; i ant cau'ghlt her witih a sortof rapturous, breathless delight in his arms. ..,, :: My love, my lifl ' Ite cried 'every hour has been an age since Isaid goodi Shedrew herse f from hii. Sir Victor in the calm, courteous character of a perfectly undemonstrative ; suitor she tolerated; Sir Victor in the roleof Romeo was excessively distasteful to her. 8loe I drewherself out of his arms coldly and 'Ojcii' ha1k SirI 'Iamn. glad to see yoiak, Sir Victor.' ;But the stereotyped wsrds of. welcoume fell chill on his earl 'You are not locking well.,I am afraid you -have i been viiry muhh harassed since you.ti left. f Suxrely, he weas not lookin" 'well. In . those `six Qas he had bgrowniniore than six yeara oIdert He hlad lost flesh end colour; there ws.asn indescribable sotise thing in his face-an expression she had nevieriseeiehtfore. More had happeried than the deatht of thei fither fie ladh never known io alter him like ,this. S he looked at' him c:uriously. Would he tell hel? ' He did not -Not looking at her, with his eyes fixed' moodily Ao the wood fire siioldering on thle hearth li,,e repeated what his letter had; ialready said His father liad died on the i'ortngn of tlieir arrival in London; they hadaburiedhim quietly iandl-unobtrusively, by his own request iin; Keisal greenh7 Cemetery. No ones was to lIe told,end the weddun day was not to be postponed.; All this he said, as a men repeats a flesson learned, by rote his, eyes, neyer once umeeting hers. ,; She stood silently looking at hi'im listening to himi.;: Something Iay be hind; then, tlhait she wasi hotto ?know. W\Vell iti ade tihemnquits 'She didn't. card for thei CBatheron familyi:'ticrete. If it were something unpleasant las` well not know.: If Sir Victor told lier, very well; if not, very well also ..She cared little either day,. : SMiss Cathero remaiins at St. John's wood, I -suppose'i she inquired; in dafferently, feeling in thlie pause that ensued she must say somethiug. SShe remains, yes, with her two old servants, for the present. I believe her ultimate intention is to go abroad' : .She-wiill not retire to Cheshire 1 Aspjasm of pain crossed his face. There was a momen ary contractioan of the muscles of hii mouth. She will .not retire to Cheshire. All her life she will lie under the ban of1 murder - ' And she is-innocent 1' He looked up at her-e a stragne, hunited, toirtured sort of look. a 'She is innoicnt.' * As he- made the answrer, he turned I abruptly away. Edith asked no more questions :The secret of his soother's murder was a secret she sas not to hear. layi Helena did net make lier ap* pesarance at all in the lower roomis that night. Next day at luncheon shi came down, and Edith was honestly shocked at the change in her. From a hale, handsome, stately, upright, :elderly lady, .she had basome a feeble old r woman in the .pasi week. Her step had.- grown ouicrtasi, her, bands a trembled, deep hies of trouble, were . scored on her pas face. Her voice tookla softer, tendirer tone when she 1 addressed him. Siedsad always loved him deariy, but fstier so dearly, it a would seem, as now. t The chamei in tir Vicstor was more e in manner than is look. A feverish im e patience and 'realessness appeared to r have taken possesion of him. He wan tI dered about the mouse, and in and out g like some restleig ghost, From Powyss Place to Cather4 Royals, fromi Oathe ron abyalu to swyua .Plice he vi. brated like' lia human pendulum. It set a Edith's nerves on edge only to watch t him. At other periods a moody. gloom a ,wouldfall"-upon him,,then for hours he':v-sati+.: brcoding, ,with knitted a brows and downcast eyes, lost in his on-' dark secret thoughit. Anon h's ' spirits would rise to fever height, and s h would ahand l n dtalk in, a wild, t excitedway that fixed Edith's dark, n wondering eyes soleninly on his flushed t faee:":i ";! It s..~. t Wit iit'ýll "in''whatever" mood, he t could iot bear" her'out 'f1 'his sight. F He haunted hler'like hersiadow, until e ihors walmh s 'itoleralile.t "He sat for t 'hours whilscshe worked-or played, or eirnd, not espekiog, not'stirrin ,(hisii eyes fixed upon her, antl.shewho had t 'ever b n '"ervous: grew- horibly nervous under this ordeal:": WeVa SirVictor loaing fis ivita Now that his insaneu father was dead and t buried, did he feel!'itincumbent +epon 'him to kepeip uthe'fainuly'reputatsion I ri6d fo'llw in that fathers feotsteplt Anld the days iw'ore on, and th t'first t of October cime. The change in fie 1 young baronet grew more juarked with each daye.,H ilost: the power.to eat, or sleep. Farinto the nighrhe walked his I room as though soieo horillile'Nemesis were pursuiig 'him' Heiffaded tothe I1 viry jhradol o f ,Iinisel et iwhenLiady I Ihlena, in fear and treniblin, laid her ' hand upon his arm,., ind falterinigly 1 begged him to see, a physician, lie shook her off with an angry. iiritability qoite foreign to his usual gentle temper andj bade her. imperiously to leave hi I e Tlis econd It O0tober canie: Toe morrcv wvould bUetphe 'wcdding day. I. he old .feeling of; vagueness ai d I unreality had come back to Edith: Suriething ivouild iappoen--that tass the l urden of her thougits. To-imidorrow zias thie weddin" day, hut the wedding s.would never tuko place. She walked through .lthe glowing, banutiful rooms Sof :vlatheroa Itoyals;; through "the "grounida and "ardens,' bright with gay i eutuiinnal' flowoers-a hoie luxtirious f o-no-hi fern yoai duchess;" sid ayill I thuat ucilin,; of unreality was ilthere-a I grand place, a noble home, but she could never rcigun its mistress-, The cottage at' Uarnarvon' had been weeks iao' engaged. and'Sir Victor's con- 1 fidenti:l ` serviant already established I therea,'waiting Lhe coming of tlie bridaol pair; but she' felt slhe' oiild never see I it. Upstairus, in all their, suoovy shining 1 splendour, the bridal robe and veil lay,,. When to-morrow cane, would she evcrQ put them on, she vaguely woindered. Arid still she was not unhappy, A' sort 'of apathy had taken possessioni of her.I She drifted on calmly to the end. 1 WbIhat was ,written was, written ;.,vhat ^.onula tywould-Le. ýTime oo"",g,.ries&:' wake from her dream when the time ofw 'wackin" comnir :";. The hodr fixed for thre ceremonywas.i ieleve "o'clock ; 'the place OCliathan '. j Churclh. "fhi bridesinaids' \ould arrive' I at ten ..'The Earl of Wroatmore, the fathers of the Ladies Gwenidoline and' Laura Drexel, was . to give thei bride away. They would return tot Powvyss Place and eat the :sumptuou'? brIak fast; then off and away to the pretty village.in North Wales. ThIat wae the programme- " Ed lWhen' to-morrow comes, Edith thinki, as she wanders about the house, ' will it be carried out. ',i Orlate days the predictiin hind been Haunting her, too. As sozome tune you may by. cliance have heard Kill hauint you to the verge of, idiocy,,so did 'thisi rhyming prophecy haunt her now., :q1hie could not banish it ;..it came to her mind in spite of hler. She caught herself settin it to fag ends of tunes, and.siniging it througli. :' When the bridegroom is.widowed the day, lie is wed.'..P { . She heard it as she wallied by 'that bridegroo a's side, ns she rode, as she sat at the piano and, stiroe to exorcise it s a storm of iusic, Sometiimes the absurdity of it 'would strike h:r, and lshe would burst out laughing.' E ' If this keels' onr she thought, 1 'when the wedding" day comes the r bride will be is cracked as the bride I broom: It Lhancl d tha oinat othn the bridal eve s Miss Darrell wias attacked with head. Sache and sore;, throat': She had lin. t gored beedlessly out in the rainthe day before (one of her old habits, to as I cape from Sir Victor, if the rfioth miuist be told, anadshe paid the penalty next day, It would never do to.be as" hoarse as a raven on . ones wedding day, so ."jEndy"]Ielena insisted on a wet napkin round the throat, a warm dbath, grtuel, and early to biedl Willingly enourgh I thme ,,irl obey ed, too ,glad to t have this; last evening alone Im Smiediately after dinner she bade her adieux to: her .bridegroom elect, and , went away to her own roomse " The short October day had long..ago darkened down, .the curtains 'weric tI drawn, a fire burn'ed, thbikcandl wero lit. Sho took1the bath, the g ruel, the 0 wet napkin, and let herself be' tucked' a up in bed. *'Homantie,' she thoutht, 'with a laugh at herself, 'for ia bride.' Lady Helena--was it with a persen a timent of what was nenel-lingered by d her side long that evening, and at part. -, ing for the flrst time took her in her y arms and kissed her. d ' Good night,' my child,' the tender, p tremulous tones said. 'I pray' you Is make him happy; I pray that he e may make you.' a She lingered yet a little longer. Her .e heart seemed full; her-eyes were shining d through tears. Words seemed trembling it on her lips-words she had not the courage.to say. For Edith, surprised e and moved, she put' 'her arms round m- 'the kind old neck, and laid her face for .o a moment on the genial old bosom. I- 'I will try,' she whispered, dear Lt Lady Helena; indeed, I *ill try to bie Us a good and faithful wife.' ''One last kie' lhen they parted' The ' door closed behind her and.Edith'was alone. She lay, as usual; high i'p ginong " the billowy pillows, her hands clasped itl above.her head, her dark, dreamy eyes fixed on the fire. She looked as though b she were thinking; but she was not. Her mind was simply a blank. 'She waBi vaguely and idly watching'thie'fickering shadows cast by the firelight on the wall, Ib the gleam of yellow moonlight shims n wering through the curtains, listening to the faint sighing of the night wind the ticking of the little fanciful clock to the pretty plaintive tunes it played a before it struck the ihours. Nine, "ten, eleven-she heard themli all as she lay, there broad awake, :neither thinking h nor stirring.-'_ Her imaid came in1 for 'her List Sorders. She bade the girl good night, a and told her to go to bed she wanted nothing more. Then agan she was alone.. But now a restlessness as little to be understood as her-former' listless apathy ,took,hojdof her. She couldl not' lie there 'and -sleep,. she could not lie the"re! ' ake. As the clock chined twelve she istarted up in bed in a sudden panic. ,Twelvel a new day-her, wedding day ! Iimpossible to lie here quiet any t longer. She sprang up, locked her door, and began, in her long white night-robe, pacing up and down. 'So another hour passied. One! One from the little Swiss naiisical clock-one, solemn and sombre, from the big click.up in ..the tower. Then she stopped in thought-then shel walked to one of her boxes' and .took Iut uawriting-case, always kept locked. With re key attached to her neck ''she Sopened it, seated herself before a tablc, and drew forthi a packet of letters and a picture: The pictiarewae the'h ndeonie photogrnphed frice 'of Charley Stuart; the letters the letters he had written her to Sandypoint She began with the first, and read it slowly through; then the next, an so on to the enid. There were over a dozen ianall andl folerably 'lenthiy*. As. she finihled and foldedsep;the la', she took up tihe picture and gazed at.it long a'nd Iearnestly, with a stran ely dark, intent look, 'Howhaniidome ie ws-how vell he photorapshed ,'w was her thought. iShe had seen him: so often withjust this expression, lookin" at her.:.iS Spleasant, lazy, half sar'astic voice Was in her ears, saying something coolly impertinent ; his gray, half nmiliuin, half cynical eyes were looking, lifelike, up at he"r.:What was;he: doing now 4 Sleeping calmly, no -doubt, she for_ gotten,. as she deserved to be. When tomniorrow came; would he by any chance remember her wedding day 1 Sand would the remembrance cost him a :pang .I She ,laughed at herself for, the sentimental question - 1.. .:"ný""ý1 Stusrt feela.psns for herjoto anyotheri eartlir¶7:tboman1" ! Ie' was imnmerised in business, no? doubt; ibead dand ears, soul and body, absorbed in dollars and cents, .and retrieving in some.way his fallen fortunes, Edith Darrell dismissed contemptuously as .a cold-blooded `ilt from his inemdry. Well,; so she had willed iat-she liand no right ito comiiplain. With a steady hand she tied up the letteis, and re. ,,placed them in the 'desk. The picture 1 :followed., "'Good bye, OCharlev,' she said, with a sort of smile iShe could'no more lestroy those souveni's of 'the past than she could H iae .cutoff iesr right hand. ' Wrong,' you say and sbake yosr head. Wrong, of course; but when, has Edith Darirell done right l-,when haveLpictured her to youn' n any very favorable lightI As' Itlong' as"she lived, and was Sir Victor's wife, she would neveiri look at them oi'gain. But "destrpy thben-no, she could not do that. ' ', " Six! She cloped an1d , locked the 'writing desk as the hour struck. A broad bright sunburst flashed in and filled the room with yellow glory. The Ssun had risen cloudlei's' and brilliant, at lea'st on' her wedding day: CHAPTER XXV. IIOw TUE WEDDING,DAY ENDED. i iEdith replaced the desk in the trunk, e and walking to the window, dreiw back the curtain, and looked out. "Over emerald "ldiawn and coppice, tall trees, e aniid brillidant' flowers the October sun shone :gloriously. No fair day' ever smiled upon old Earth. T She stood.for an instant, then turned slowly away, and walked over to a it mirror. '' Had her "night's 'vigil' made :t her look wan and sallow, she wondered;. e No- 'She looked mruch as iusual-a o thought 'palei, peirhaps; but it is'de .nigueeur f·r brides to 'lo. k pale. No i, use thinkinig of 'morning nap under 1 the circumstances. She waoild~i iti o down by the window and wait for themn Sto come. r She could hear the household astir d already. She could even see Sir Victor away in the distance taking his morn 9 ing. walk. How singularly haggard :e and worn he looked-like anything you :o please except a happy bridegroom,about te to-marry the lady he loves above all on d earth.' She watched him atth a grave thoughtful face until at last he disap. a peareal from view among the trees* beven o'clock-eight o'clock l Edith's a- respite' was ended-her solitude in'. vaded at last.. There was a tap at the t. door, and Lady Helena, followed by mr Miss Darrell's maid, entered. , Had they all kept vigilI Her lady. r, ship, ind the pitiless searching glare of u the morning sun, certainly looked much 10 more like it than the quiet bride. She was pale, nervous, agitated beyond ar anything the girl had ever seen. 'H ow has Edith slept I How was her coldl How did she feel ' ie 'Never better,' Miss ~Darrell, res d ponded, smilingly. 'The sore throat and d headache are quite gone, and. I am ir ready to do justice to the nice break fast which I see Emily has brought.' SShe sat down to it--chocolate, rolls, a anonelette, and' a savoury littlebird wtith excellent and unromantic appetite. e 'The service was cleared away, and the ia real business of the day begnmu. She was . under the hands of her maid, deep in b 'the mysteries.of the wedding toilette. h ,A.t ten dcame', the liridesmaids, a I brilliant bevy, in .sweeping trains wvalking visions of silk, tulle, laces, per- o fume, and flowers. At half past sten. tl Miss Darrell.,? Queen rose of the rose- ti bud garden of' girls,' stood in their a midst, ready for the altar, ti SShe looked beautiful It is an under- ft stood thing that all brides, whatever n their appearance on the.ordinary occa- C sions of life; look beautifuil on this day N of days Edith I arrell had never looked b so stately, so queenly, so handsome in her life. Just a thought pale, bui not c unbecoiiingly so. The rich, glistening 0 white silk; sweeping far behind her, set a off the fine figure, which it fitted with- h cut flaw.. The dark, proud face, shone o like a star from the misty folds of the a bridal veil- the legendary orange blos,. t soiis crowned the rich dark` hair; on n inick, ears, and arms glimmered a price less parore of pearls, the gift;' like the 1 dress and veil, of Lady Helena. A'frag I rant bouquet of spotless white had been sent up by tlhe bridegroomd. .. t : At aonarter to eleven she entered the'carriage, iand was driven aiwaiyto s church:. As aioe lay back anid looked dreamily out, the mellow Octobe sunshine light. ing the scene, the joy-bells. clashing the listless apathy of the past few days took her iga'in. She took note of the trifles about herL'her mind rejected all else. How yellow were the fields of stubble--how picturesque, gilded in the sunshine, the village of Phesholm looked -how glowing and rosy the face of the people who flocked out in their holiday best to gaze at I the bridal pageant. Was it health and happiness, or soap and water only, %6ndered the bride! Thesewere her wandering thoughts-+ these alone. They reached the little church. All the way from the carriage to the stone porch the charity children strewed her Ipath with flowers, and- sang-out of I tune -a bridal anthem. She 'shiled down uponi their vulgar, admiring little faces,as she went by. on the Earl of Wroatmore's arm. The church was filled. Was':seeing her iiiarried worth all this trouble to these.good people she wondered, 'as she walked up the aisle, still on the arm of the Fight Hon. the Earl of " Wroat. more. There wat, of course, a large throng of invited guests. Lady Helena was there, in pale, flowing silks, the brides. maids a' billowy crowd of white., I plumaged birds, and the bridegroom, with a face whiter than his white waistcoat, standing waiting for his brido; and therg, in surplice, book, in hand, stood the -ctor of.C Ohesholm and 0`-r ~ r atpdaitp is othe uitieable A low, husheed inun iiur ra 1'thriigh the church at sigh't of the silver shining j figure of. the bride. How. handsome, how stately, how perfectly selfipossessed and calm ! Truly; if beauty and high bired repose of manner beany palliation of low birth and obscurity, this American youing lady had it. :An instant passes. She is" kieelipng by Sir Victor Catheron's side, 'Who. giveth this woman to " bea married to this man ' says the urbane tones of the rector of Oheshoim; and th' Right Hon. the Earl of Wroat*. more comes forward on two rickety old legs and gives her awhiay. . If anyone here presenit knows any just cause or impediment why this man should not be married to this woman, I charge ye,'.&c; but no one knows. 'Wilt thou take Edith Darrell to be thy wedded wife I' - I siwll,' Sir Victor Catleroni re. spends. but in broken, irarticulate tones. It is the bride's turn. 'I will!.' . lThe clear,a firm voice is perfectly audible in the almost painfully intense stillness. The. ring slips over her finger.. She watches it curiousliy. 'I pronounce thee man arid wite,' says 'the rector. ' hose whom God had joined together, let no ian put asunder.' rIt is all oveir; she is Lady Cathfieron, a nd nothing has happened. They enter the;vestry, they-sign theirnamesinthe r register, their friends flock round to skake hands,'ond kiss and congratulate, and Edith smiles throngh it all,and Sir Victorkeeps that white, haggard, un e smiling face. It is a curious fancy; but if it were not so utterly absurd, Edith a would think he looked at her as though he were afraid of her, On her bhusband's arm her iust hiand's 1--she walks down the aisle, annd ou t of the churicihr: The enter she carriages, ancnre driven back to r Powyss Place. . They sit, dowdnt to breakfait. 'Every .face .looks happy and bright; except the face that should d look happiest and brightest of all. He seems to make a "rent effoit to hiei cheerful ad at ease it is a' failure. He tries to retur thanks in a speecih a -it is a greater ,failure still. 'An awkward silence nrid constraint creeps over the party.. What is the mnatter w iih Sir Victor tl'All eyes' are fixed , curioiusly upon hiinm Surely not 're' e pepting his siessalliance so spee dily It is a .relief to everybody when the dejeucner ends, and the bride. goae up stairs to change her dress.': \- The young baronet has' engaged a h sipecial train tb thke theri inito Wales. a The new- mad lad y Catherod n changes d her shining bridal robes for a charming tiavelling costume of pales6 gray, with sa gossamer veil of the same shade. She looks as handsomeain it as in the other, and her cool c'lm is a marvel to all be d holders. She shakes hands gayly with o their friends and guests-a smile is on \- her face as she takes her bridegroom's arm and enters the waiting carriage. I, Old shoes in a shower are flung after \- them, ladies wave their handkerchiefs, gentlemen-call good bye. She leans for e ward and waves her gray-gloved hand s. in return, the cloudless smile on bet beauitiful-face to the last. So they. see her as not one of -all who stand there 1ill ever see her on earth again. The'ho'se, the weddi g guests, are out of sight- the carrisge rolls through the gates of Powyss Place. She. falls lack and looks out. They are flying along Chesholm High.street, the tenan try shout lustily, the joy bells still clash forth. Now they are at the station; ten minutes-more, and as fast as steam dan coinvey thema they are whirling into Wales. And all this time bride and bridegroom have not exchanged a word. SThat curious fancy of Edith's has come back. Surely Sir Victor is afraid of her. How strangely he looks, how strangely he keeps aloof, how strangely he is dead silent, how fixedly ha gazes out of the railway carriage window anywhere hut at her, Has his brain turned, she wdnders. Is Sir Victor going .,. madl' She makes no attempt to arouse him; let him be silent if he will-she rather prefers it, indeed. She site and looks sociably out of the opposite window, at the, flying landscape, steeped in the amber glitter of the October afternoon sun. As she looks, aimlessly enough, all of a sudden the piediction comes back to her- the troublesome, foolish, not-to-be-forgotten prediction: ' When the bridegroom is widowed the day he s is wed.' S- Once it comes all efforts to banish it I are futile. It keops ding;donging all the f way in her ears, as though invisible e voices were speaking it. How will it be 1 fulfilled, she wonders, with drowsy'in a difference. Is she to die before -night I F It seems to her just at present she wouldn't care much if she did. She-looks across at the man she has ! married.- Did ever mortal man before \- on his wedding day wear such a stony Sface as that I And yat he has nmarried' I her for love-for love alone. Was ever Sanother bridal journey performed like r this; in profound silence and gravity on fI both sides, she wonders, half inclined to 1 laugh. She looks down at her shining 3 wedding ring; it is a dirclet that means f nothing. How is her life to go on after this gruesome wedding day 1 SThey reach Wales. The sun is setting redly over mountains and sea. The 3 carriage is awaiting them; she enters, f and lies back wparily with closed eyes. She feels dead tired and depressed. She is beginning to feel the waist of last Snight's sleep, and in a weary way is glad Swhen the Carnarvon cottage is reached. Sir Victor's man, my lady's maid, .and two Welsh servants come forth to , meet them, and on Sir Victor's arm lshe Senters the house. SShe goes at once to her dressing. room to rest, to bathe her face, and remove I her wraps, perfornmig those duties her. s'elf and smissin her maid. Ai she i somlo half-incoherent words. He will take a walk and smoke cigar before dinner while she is iesting. He is gone while he says it, and she is alone. - She removes her gloves, hat, and Ljacket, bathes her face, and descends-to the little cottage drawing room. It is quite 'deserted-sleepy silence every. where reigns. Shoethrows herself into an easy chair beside the open-window, and looks listlessly out. Ruby, and purple;, and golden, the sun is setting I in- a radiant sky--the yellowish sea Screeps up on the silver sands-old I Carnarvon Castle gleams and glows in the rainbow light like a fairy palace. r It is unutterably beautiful, unutter-. Sably drowsy and dull. And while she Sthinks it her. heavy eyelids sway and fall, her heid sinks back, and Edith \- talls fast asleep. Fast asleep, and a mile away, Sir Victor .Catheroni paces up and down a o strip of taiwny sand, the sea lapping softly at his - feet, the birds singing in the branches, not a human soul fareor near. He is not simoking that before Y dinner cigar. --He is striding up and. 0 down more like an escaped Bedlamite r than anything else. His hat is drawn over his eyes, his "brows are knit, his lips set tight; his hands clenched. 1 Presently he pauses, and looks, with t ayes full of some lhaggard, horrible despair, out over the red light on sea Send sky, and as he looks he falls down r suddenly,- as though some inspiration e had seized him, upon his knees, and 0 lifts his claspedl hands to that radiant sky. A prayer that seems frenzied in r its agonized intensity bursts from his . lips.p' The sleeping sea, the twittering it birds the rustling leaves, and He who 1i has made them, alone are to hear; hI Then he falls forward on his face, and lies like a stone Is hemad 1- Surely, no sane man eg ever acted, or looked, or spoke like this. 'r He -lies so-;so prostrate,-motionless, - o for utpwrhds of -an hour,: ilen 'slowly.. o and heavily he rises. - His face is y calmer now. It is the face of a man d who has fought some desperate fight, e and gaineid some desperate victory- - ris one of these victories tore cruel than death. 6 (To be continued.) 