LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. STATE SCHOOLS.—The following appointments hav« been made:—Miss PrisciUa Walch to be paid monitor at Port Cygnet; Mr and Mrs George Perrin transferred to Upper Ringarooma, vice Mr and Mrs Heathorn resigned; Mrs Murphy to be female assistant at Broadmarsh; William Bell to take charge oi the new school at Lachlan. SOCIAL—Last night a most enjoyable and successful evening party was held at the Odd-Fellows' Hall, under a committee of local gentlemen, and the arrangements throughout were perhaps the most perfect that have ever been made for a similar gathering, at Latrobe. The main hall, which was, of course, prepared for dancing, was—in addition to the Japanese adornments belonging to the Skating Rink—beautified with the bright green fronds of the "old man" fern, and presented a vtry gay picture with an admixture of continuous festoons of scarlet cloth. The stage was furnished as p drawing-room, the procenium draped with lace curtains, and in this coBy retreat— V'ith a pretty view of the danccrs—the " wall-flowers" and elders revelled in a 'juiet game of draughts, crib, &c;„, Ac. The dressing-rooms were, of course, devoted to their legitimate use, and behind them, in the supper room a most elegant little luncheon was spread, with every attention to solid comforts, and, too, the less substantial delicacies that brighten and beautify the table. Here, at midnight, the compauy regaled, and the mirfli iw- ! ported from the dancing- floor still elfer- vesced ui jubikiit Bpm'ta at the board— happy laughter ftnd an everiasiing m«rmur of til joy meritj'j-eigtiirig <!veiywhere. Notw'i^sttodirig^^t 'vve.athor prevailing, rind Hip of . f f ^ ^ «'.fhi>rf»tK-iiig,.flj (d Jsdies emiift fr.mi-dis- Uiw.-iwin^^ S ti^te-S^,^, licpators / in • tl,e > social . .. gatherrag. ' Mesws Schwiiir. (piano)'Snd C. TruSli ^iorhet) supplifd good music, and contributed to the success of the evening.. The ladies supplied the supper, and they . indeed defcerre all the praise that .was so deservedly bestowod for their elegant catering.—Communicated. Tins WEATHER.—Dull, heavy, winter weather is now the order of the day, and soaking wins fell yesterday and last night. To-day there is ao change; 'to note. During last night tie rain record at Latrobe was 66 points. INTEBCOLOIRIAR, TRADE CONFEEENO E— Mr S. Sternberg, delegate from the Latrobe Chamber of Commerce, leaves for Sydney'to-morrow, to be present at the conference to consider the question •" Intercolonial Free Trade, etc." , The Hobart and Launceston delegates are also on the way. ASSESSMENT ACT.—Mr G. C. Budge has been appointed assessor for part of the district of Port SorelL Mr Rudj district is comprised in the parishes of Harford, Templeton, Budehaven, Virgin stow and Forrabury. In these are included over 1100 valuations. RECEIVED.—We have received Messrs. Rogers and Son's invaluable little ABC Guide for June. THE TASMANIAN TEACHER."—We have received a specimen copy of a new publication bearing the above tittle, and issued in the interests of the State School teachers of Tasmania. . The contents embrace a series of very readable articles on various -.-subjects, with scholars' examinations cards in arithmetic and solution to teachers' examina- in arithmetic. This specimen copy is a really creditable one, and it rests with those most nearly interested the teachers—to make the venture a success, in both a literary and financial sense, contributions of both kinds being invited. The paper is -neatly printed at the Devon Herald Office. APPOINTMENT.—Mr Henry Thomas has been appointed Registrar of the Court of Requests at Sheffield. Tus THUNDERBOLT A. MTTH. Mr G. Symons, F.R.S., recently read an arousing and highly interesting paper before the Royal Meteorological Society on The Non-existence ofThundeibolts, Elucidated by Accounts of Searches after them. Mr Symons has endeavored to track the so-called thunderbolts wherever he could hear of tbem ; but they liavo vanished before the man of science like ghosts before the daylight His enquiries showed that there was no more transmission of a thunderbolt, or of any other solid body, when an elictric spark rushed through the air, than theve is the transmission of n material substance when a message is telegraphed across, or rather under, the Atlantic Ocean. Sometimes a lightning flash appears to strike the ground, and a spherical nodule of iron pyrites is found near the spot. It was there before. Still the ignorant imagine it came from the clouds, and with the lightning. Belemnites, which are really fossil animals, are found similarly and in Webster's Dictionary are descried as thunderstones," and as such are often preserved. Occasionally a heavy discharge of lightning falls on a bed of sand, penetrates it for several feet, and melts the silex in its path, fusing it into a kind of glass,-which is known as fulgurite—some fine specimens of whiob are to be found in the. British Museum. This, and this only, could have anj pretence to be considered a thunderbolt, but then it does not descend from the clouds, and iB caused solely by the intense heat of the lightning. Mr Symons did not deny that solid bodies do at times come down from the sky and strike the earth; bat these are meteorites and aerolites substances ejected from volcanoes or fat ling upon the earth from planetaiy space. They are always felling, but whenaccidently thej descend during a thunderstorm they are instantly designated thunderbolts, though the two phenomena have absolutely no oonneetion. For the credit of Englishmen the lecturer hoped that henceforth the word thunderbolt would be erased from our dictionaries, THE CHINESE QUESTION came under discussion at the morning sitting of the Wesley an general coufeernce on Monday, Iu accordance with notice thn Rev, J, J. Lewis, one of the New Zealand representatives, introduced a. motion condemning the measures for the exclusion of the Ohini'fif. as " opposed to New Testament tmhitig, to tlitt best interests of Austrah-ia, mid a irpronch to our civilisation. He argued that on religious grounds, as political interest, the exclusion of the Chinese WHS a disgrace'to the colonial Governments and a titling paifllel to the .expulsion of the Jews from Russia. The other ministers who supported the motion argued on the same lines. On the other hand it was nr^ei that on moral grounds, as well .is on the ground of their tendency to cheapen the Inl.or .market, the exlusion of ChiileHH was an absolute ecessity. The liev. L. Fison ini|neNsed he Uttei view upnii the conference with particular force. If. he suggested, a numbfr nf Chinese Wesleyap niinisleis were to come to Australia nnd offer to ake up tin- work of jitvucliiiig at a salary f £40 a y.-ar, how w, mld members t the ccnf. icnce fed ? The Rw Dr.! Wetkm, adopting a*~ somewhat more serious strain, pointed out that' Wealeyan Church was ^already out of touch wiib the working classes, and that the adoption of snob a resolution as WIB proposed .would have tlin effect, of widening the breach. After a long <lehitfcp w compromise sugfieswd Itj' the president, altering the motion to un expression of the regret of the lonforence »t " the extreme measures adopted by some colonial Govinimentfi," was accepted by-Mr Lewis, and on division was .carried by 63 votes to 15, 1 f / . TUN COST or -GOVERNMENTRV FRANCE,' —The enormous expense of Republican goveroment-in France is the subject of nn instructive article by the Viconite G d'A venul in the Heme des Beua Monies One of the reasons alleged for the destruction of the ancient French Monarchy « as the large proportion of the revenue of of the country which it was said to ah- «orb. But the little finger of the Third Republic is thicker than the loins of the old Monarchy in this respect. During the past ,63 years the national expenditure of France has been quadrupled. Since 1876 the expenses of the Government officers in PariR have increased from 22,000,000 to 31,000,000 f., "owing mainly to the unnecessary multiplication of offices Thus 11 new directorships have been created, 19 new sub-director- ships, 61 chief clerkships and 74 assistant clerkships. In the Ministry of fine arts there are 30 chiefs to superintend 70 subordinates, while in the Ministry of Public Worship the proportion is 20 to 31. The same thing goes on in'the diplomatic service, with the result that the French Foreign Office costs 2,000,000 f. more than our own. So also with regard to the War Office and Education department, where an increase of only 15 per cent in the number of pupils has been accompanied by an increase of 600 per cent, in the cost of education. France is now the veiy paradise of inspectors. There are inspectors for nearly everything, with verj respectable salaries, and nobody who is related to a member of the Chamber of Deputies need despair of getting appointed to one of these snug berths. On the other hand, services which cannot well be turned to account for political purposes are no better paid than formerly. The judges have had no increase of salary, and sergeants in the French army receive only a sixth of the pay given to non-commissioned officers in Germany Meanwhile, the French national debt grows a good deal more rapidly than tho reputation of the Republic.—Yorkshire Post. SKEEWDNESS AKD ABILITV. — Dr. Soule's American Hop Bitters so freely advertised in all the papers, secular and religious, are having a large sale, and are supplanting all other medicines. There is no denying the virtues of the Hop plant and the proprietors of these Bitters have shown great shrewdness and ability in compounding a Bitters, whose virtues are so palpable to every one's observation. , Examiner and Chronicle.' CONGEST.—Tho concert in aid of tho Latrobe Brass Band, postponed from 24th May, will be held on Thursday next, in the Odd- Fellows' Hall. Particulars will be found in our advertising columns. HELD Oveb.—Letter from Railton re football, and correspondence from MAINE NEWS.—Dr. Soule's American Hop Bitters, which are advertised in our columns, are a sure for ague, billiousness and kidney complaints. Those who use them say they cannot be too highly recommend. Those afflicted should give them a fair trial, and will become thereby enthusiastic in the praise of their curative Qualities.—" Portland Argus." BRNMR MEW.—" Wells' Health Renewer" -restores health and vigor, cures Dyspepsia, Impotence, Sexual Debility. At chemists and druggists. Felton, Grimwade & Co., AgtB., Melbourne. 