Tailings. THE "fizz" is all drunk, the aldermen have embraced and constituted themselves a Mutual Admiration Society. Never saw such town clerks, such auditors, such aldermen, such a Press, such every body! We want to know why a vote of thanks was not passed to the Inspector of Nuisances and the night men. They could "sneak in," and drink cham pagne as well as Donlan, Harris or Hunter. Is this all a preparatory blast to raise Walker's screw ? He is a good officer, and he gets £6 per week and a boy to assist him. That is a fair screw for mechanical work, mere quill-driving, and the ratepayers do not grudge It, But "no higher, Messieurs, the aldermen." Barnett will make a good mayor. We undertake "to wind" him up when he "runs down." There are two extremes of the Liberal party here—the Orange "loyal minority" and Imperial Jingo party. We call them the Extreme Right. The other extreme party is the Atheistic Communistic, Socialistic, Nihilistic, or Red party, or the Extreme Left, The "head centre" of the Extreme Right is shrouded in impenetrable night, and can be approached only by the initiated, after awe- inspiring incarnations and dreadful oaths on the bones of King Billy, which are kept in a locked box. E. D. Miles is supposed to hold the key. The leader, protagonist, or Figure Head of the Reds or Extreme Left is Isaac Selby. The ram is kept behind. He is a disciple of Joe Symes, the editor of the Liberator, a paper published in Mel bourne. It preaches Atheism, pure and simple, and denies the freedom of man's will, and, conse- quently, all responsibility for his acts. This knocks away all distinction between moral good and evil in human actions. Selby has been earning a few shillings here by addressing people on Sunday evenings, He draws an idle crowd, and it finds him bread and cheese. The Liberal party embraces both Orangemen and Freethinkers. We put it to the rational liberals of the field ; to the men who have a stake in the town; who have wives and children to protect and to guard, whether either of those extreme parties should be supported in establishing a Democratic Society here. Will they follow a party which the West minster Review describes as "turning often into frenzy"; or a Red Republican, or Com munis, an Atheist like Selby. There are many miners here who believe all that Selby teaches them; but we advise them to discriminate. Like the Liberator, Selby teaches, or pre tends to teach Land Nationalisation, a Land Tax, and other true political doctrines. Let the miners ask Selby whether he follows the Liberator in advocating the free admission of Chinkies to Australia. Joe Symes says John is "a man and a brother" Does Selby say that? If not, perhaps he is keeping it "dark"; for he knows the miners would not stand it. He may go to hell his own way with Chinkies; but he will not get the miners to go to heaven or hell with Chinkies. Why should not we embrace John and let him marry our girls, and sit in Church with us says Joe Symes. "Look here" sirree, as a Yankee skipper said to us long ago, "I can't give you all my reasons why I object to a nigger sitting down with me; but there is one quite enough for me, he smells like thunder." There! Has Selby got over the smell? The Towers Herald is a most remarkable animal It is extreme Orange and extreme Red—a Two-in-one; the Circus goes "one better." It has been subsidised by the Orange Lodge or party, to support the Griffith party through thick and thin. J. W. Carter, and the "nasty man" are the Orange tail or "rump" of this phenomenal animal. The "other end"—near the circus is com posed of atheistic, communistic and anarchist Selby, and freethought Phaire. Yank, like Mahomet's coffin, is suspended in mid-air and nicely adjusted between these two. A long beer will incline him irresistibly and automatically to either side. How the "animal" goes round would puzzle the circus man next door. It is not often the "ghost walks" in those ambi-dexterous, double-dyed red and orange regions. We published a political programme last week, which we think will meet the approval of all democrats on the field. Selby has taken our programme bodily, adds on a protection plank not wanted in the North. He tries to rush the field to follow him. Well, we can-tell him, the field will not follow him as a leader. He is backed by a few lunatics; a few hands on the Towers Herald; a few miners with more money than brains, and a few personal enemies of the editor of the NORTHERN MINER. But we are quite sure the "bone and sinew of the field," the respectable miners and householders; the working men who have children to train up in the fear and love of God and of morality will not follow Isaac Selby or any of his greasy and impecunious crew. In all revolutions and social disturbances the scum floats to the top. It is a retribution and a punishment on the timid Liberals of this field, that a man of Selby's opinions should dare to represent them. He is going to stand for the Towers, they say; and there are fools ready to stake £50 the necessary deposit. They are free to do so; but they must chance losing it. Donlan was not satisfied until he put the matter of his fitness for an alderman's post to the test of the ballot box. Selby may try the same experiment, and with a result somewhat different—he will lose his money, or somebody else will lose it. The Natives are being fished for to be drawn into his trap. We do not think Fred Johnson, or George Dunsford, or F. C. Brewer will join that crowd. Is Andrew Greig "in it?" Shaw is in it, of course; he is posing for a martyr's crown. This is a cleverly-contrived dodge on the part of the Orange rag and crowd to bring dis credit on the real opponents of the Griffith Ministry on the Naval Defence Bill. They know that any League started by Selby must fall into speedy contempt and derision. That is their game, what they rely on. Then the Orange party will say "behold! the opponents of the Ministry are scattered and gone." Now, it is incumbent on the real democrats of the field to enrol themselves, and not in Selby's den. If they do not, they can "slide " for all we care. We have pointed out the way they should, go; if they prefer to walk after Selby and Yank, and Phair, and Lah-di-Dah, and Orange Carter, they are free to follow their noses. How is Reddin going to jump? Hold his hat, somebody, while he mounts the fence. Three long been to one he goes against the NORTHERN MINER. No, Reddin always stands on the side of morality; he is one of the "loyal minority," especially "after dark." He supports the Defence Bill, and cries "down with Australia." Reddin is stiff against democracy a la Selby. All the parsons had a "go in " last night. The priest was not in it. The subject "The Sabbath and its obser dances." They are getting frightened, are the parsons. The Defence Force do their firing on Sun days, the parsons object; they objected to the Sunday train, they will object to the excursion train to the Bay because it will leave their plates empty. When will the parsons learn that as a politi cal force they are equal to nil. Will they dare to put up an Orange candi date, here to restrain public liberty and inno cent recreation on Sundays. Some of the bigots would do it if they had the power. The Church of England parsons do not join as a rule in those "snuffle-busting" agitations to curtail human liberty. The Wesleyans and Primitive Methodists are always to the front with faggots and ropes and thumb screws. We advise the hypocrites "to drop it." Let them tell women and children their old stupid "crammers" inside their churches, but if they venture in public they must take the consequences. Mill christenings on Sundays are introduced by H. C. Collins at the Southern Cross. We do not see why mills as well as babies should not be both christened on Sundays. The parsons object of course, they get some thing for sprinkling water over the babies; at the crushing mills they get nothing but chaff. They say the P. A. and M. Association must do with its Figure Head—T. Buckland. The election was regular. That is not proved. Even if it were, the Society is bound to go to the wall Every society has the power of meeting and correcting a mistake. We should like to see this society flourish, but it cannot flourish if it is left under its present Figure Head. The NORTHERN Miner has reported the meetings, and spoken favorably of the society when it could. Its present objection is a reasonable one, and it is supported by many members of the society who have declared to us that they will not subscribe another shilling to it unless the mis take be rectified. 