A BIBLE SOCIETY SERMON. The following sermon was preached by the Rev- EL- Swan on the occasion of the united services held in the Oddfellows Ha'l Beechworth, on Sunday evening, m eonm'ction with the British and Foreign \- Bible Society :-r r Text : IL Peier, i., 1G and 21— Fo we "did not fellow cunuingly . devised fables .... but men spake from God, being moved by tho Holy hos . I do not propose to use nlytet1? night as a text proper. I shall not unravel it thread by thread, which 1 believe is the legitimate way in w ic o get nt the true teaching of a text. I have rather chosen these familiar words as a motto to set over what I shall have to sav to you of that marvellous factor m human history, the Bible, which we adoriiiMv; and I believe rationally, call the Word of God. I trust I feel sufficiently the honor of being called upon to address an assemblage of my fellow-citizens in the interests of a society whose one object for five-sixths of a century has been to spread the Word of God over the wide world. But I feel, also, my deep responsibility wnen l iook ar you, wneu j. — j own "heart, when I look at the words of my text, to speak to you the word of soberness and truth, and not be carried away by my own fancy. It is surely not just- because we are enamored of the working and status of any society, not- just because we are caught up and carried along on the flawing tide of its success, that this cause has gained and retains a placer- in our interest, but because we be lie vo in the power and the possibility ef the Wwrd of God. And if we believe that the Bible ib the word oi uou, tueio u«u be — there need be — no bounds to onr befit f in its powers and possibility. The responsibility, then, that rests on him who addresses himself to such a subject ap- pears, to me to be growing greater every day ; for the critics are at work and at war- fare more furiously than ever. The light in- fantry of the last century has been discarded long ago, and now that the dashing charge of the cavalry of literary criticism is supposed to have routed and scattered us in the open, we are asked to listen to tho boom of the scientific heavy artillery, under whose grim and determined assault our walls are to come down about us and the enemy to march in and set up rule where the Divine word once gave laws and held out promises and shed comfort and peace and gladness on the hearts of men. Under such circumstances, it is a more serious thing to speak to men who believe in and ' love the Word of God, than to those who bestow no thought or care upon it, "for unto us who believe, He is precious," and for that reason the Word that is concerned with Him from beginning to end is precious. So that it is not relyiiJg on any power of mine to smooth down difficulties, or to make the glories of the Divine Word appear to you that I address myself to the subject, but rather in reliance on your faith in, and regard for, the Heavenly message. You knew, I daresay, that by many to-day both the positions laid down in the text are denied, and by some with a sufficient amount of fierceness ; for what is being said just now amounts to "this: "You are following cunningly devised fables — the most cun ningly devised fables that the world has had to do with — and we do not believe that men spake from God as they were moved by the Holy Ghost. That ia the biggest fable of all that you are asked to accept. The Holy Spirit never moved men at any time, so that they consciously uttered the things of God, and there is much within the Book, for which you claim such high authority, that gives ! j .£ 1 vk«t cidlto tdviaeijce ui uemg. ytuiupuuu q""" another spirit tliau the Holy Spirit." Now, I am not going to defend the apostle's position, for it can be defended. Suffice it to say here that you and I accept it and believe it. Nor am I going to enter -specially on the question of inspiration, although what I say may commend itself as part of the proof of the inspiration of the Book. If we knew more of it, we should not be so much afraid of the antagonism to the idea of its inspiration, as, in our semi-faithlessness, wo too often are. I invite your attention to a few characteristics of the Bible which mark it off and make it stand out from all the books of all the ages, and while we medi tate, brethren, may this be our faith — Lord, thy word abideth, And our footsteps gnideth Who its truth believeth Light and joy receiveth. I— Look first at the title that we give to our treasure. The Bible it is called. That Is just- an adaptation of the Greek word, for the "The Book," and that familiar, endearing title is commonly used in its good Saxon form in my native land. When the minister goes to visit any of his people,- invariably "The Book" is handed to him, that he may read' aloud some of its sacred ' utterances'. I hope that is a practice yre Bhali ' not let go'out of use in our new land. Now, why do we call it the Book, friends! There are sixty-six books within the covers.. Those writings j are the productions, in a.litorary sense, of J nearly ; forty authors— differing in their j style as writers, just as much as authors differ in their style to-day. Their work extended over sixteen ( hundred years. They wrote in many lands, and in different -We find am0r.u their pro- E a great' 'deal of history knd prophecy and son g, of biography and ethics and theelogy. They contain the sayingB of good men, and the sayings of bad men; the words of God and tho words of malig- nant spirits from ; the world of darkness. It would be difficult, if not impossible, to conceive of a volume bringing together within the same compass a greater atuounl of dissimilarity as to the subject, style and circumstance. The Bible, we are being told on all hands now, is not a book; it is a whole literature in itself. Well, brethren, we have not known it so long, and not found out that for ourselves without being told, surely, and yet we call it the Boek, and we are conscious that we have a reason . for so doing. Although we may not be able to put .it into so many words as would convey our consciousness clearly to anyone else, there is something .about it to ub — nav, net to. us only, but to all men, I think, who knew enough about It friends or enemies, so tbey be of ingenu- OU8 spirit, that makes it '-.reasonable and right to think of it as the Book. It surely la nub Jusc custom aua iBe;priurcj: a wuu- ing that begets such a firm, consciousness as that. . Oh, you say, it is, -because it deals with God throughout; -jWell,. . that'ej getting to the end too soon, friends ; tiHa-t does, t believe, constitute the oneness-'1 'fllfl inlialnttnaa—nf ?f a nd i fyl « 1/db i fc nva.ani. WtJW flUWJOUCOO U4 WMSft 44'WAftVM av UUI lnently the Book, although it is a whole literature. But we shall have to take that wholeness to pieces, andfin d if we may, a one ness running clearly through all the parts, order to a preception that'itis not only " God, but from God' ; for that it is bou., ;<;h constitutes it tsnity aud.be- teally wh. 'nstheconsietionthatitiVottfl. gets and deepe- 'a holdipgat, not in our That warrants us . -hey ; may be on the heads however clear . af hearts; as the men. Each on waoh one carries his v. — is a consciousness of speaking with autho rity about every one of them, there is no faltering, there is no assumption percep- tibl". A« you read you feel that they feel they aro being spoken through, they are the bearers of a message, they feel the bur den of that; but the weight of the message to their fellow-men does not depend upon their bearing of it. They are only servants, but they aro ever aware by their whole bearing that it is their Master s tidings ihey are telling.: Each tells it in h,a way, but there is the same ambassadorial air about every one of the sacred writers. 1 has been well put thus : They argue, but do not rest on argument. They appeal to conscience, but do not rest even there. They seem conscious of the immediate presence and oversight of One whose beinw and nature are the foundation of all argument, and whose watchfulness is full assurance. They claim, as far as we can see, nothing For themselves— for their inessasre authority, atiCi that is everything. III.— Then besides the authoritative tone there is running through the entire volume a fixed religious purpose. Other ends may be served incidentally, but the single aim throughout is to reveal God to man and 1\. DnViia/ilinn fcn God. All UvLllg IIIUII illLV/ OIAWJWWW.V... — - - other references, historical, philosophic or moral, are mere incidents. The religious purpose is traceable from beginning to end as the definite one. Moses does not be came a mere historiographer, nor do Paul nor John become philosophers, nor the Evangelists biographers only, and as little do the Psalmists and Prophets become only poets and orators, expending their natural powers on themes they might have ren dered luminous. Their one theme is the unfolding to sinful men whatever they . j .-u. TV„;„a will " Manv niiuerstoeu to ub .uct/wut . historical facts of thrilling interest were occurring contemporaneously with each or their several lives, but they mention a trivial instance of some persou or family or tribe because ef its contribution to their religious purpose, while mighty revolutions and dynastic changes, as irrelevant, are unnoticed." And, while this purpose is preserved and all that is useless to it, however important otherwise, is discarded, there seems to be absolutely no effort at this caution. Their religious purpose so thoroughly absorbed them that they moved about in it in perfect freedom, as it) their own native element. This also constitn tea one of the marvellous unities of the Bible, and otofiR it the nlaee that since the closing of the canon of Scripture it has ever occu pied aud shall ever occupy as the Book pre eminently among the millions of books with which our world is inundated. IV. — Another important point, and it will stagger some people, no doubt, to hear that this is made a point of at all, is the moral unity of the Bible. You are told that you cannot peruse portions of the Old Testament and then turn to the pure I teachings of the New, and dare to talk to sensible men, or shrewd men of the world who have all their wits about them, of a moral unity ; but wo do dare, all tho same, and with very good hope that our point can be carried. The moral difficulties of the Old Testament, form the favorite battle-ground of the coarser and more ribald scepticism, as I need hardly remind you, and we are quite aware that there are difficulties, but they are by no means in surmountable if men will only be careful to remember — and they are bound to remember if they wish to be accounted honest and truth-loving — that circum stances alter cases, and that it is a refusal to accept the natural order of things to think that men with twenty centuries of time batween them should be found in the same state of moral culture. But yon will find, first, for example, between the most flagrant cases of immorality among fill J 'Onnt.i a»\L nalpiovrilin ft T1 m t.nH IIIO \Jl\A AOOtaillUllw heathen morals by which that patriarchal system was surrounded, a very gratifying contrast indeed ; and, second, if great and grievous mistakes were made, and heinous sins committed, you will not find one word or catch any spirit that, breathes of con doning or extenuating tlie offence ; but you will find the rebuke dealt out, aud scathingly enough, too, and you will find the judgment following in- no hazy con nection 'with, but as a quite appreciable consequence of, the sin. The spirit that shines out clearly in the New Testament is ever struggling out. through many a black misdeed and many a misunderstand ing of the Divine will concerning morals, men's manners, to assert itself. You are conscious as you read that it is there ft living, working protest against the evil. Remember the times and the men, and keep in view God's purpose, for we are privileged in being able to do that to-day, and you need not be afraid of daring to say that there is one moral gurposs throughout the Bible betrayed by a streak of dawn only, it may be, in the dim old days, but blazing out in glorious noontide iu the high teaching of the Word Incar nate. V. — Another characteristic of the Bible is its doctrinal unity. Now, that is a point so sorely assailed that many men. who think themselves wise in the matter, and get the credit for wisdom, too, in certain circles, urge us to have done with the Old Testament altogether and keep only to the new ; and why ? Because they say the doctrines of the Old Testament are not those of the New at all, and, more than that, they are not consistent with those of the later book Some people are inclined to own that that is well said. I confess it is strongly said. We shall see whether it is well. Let us take some leading doctrines. Here is the personality of God. The book of Genesis, as truly as that of Revelation, represents God as personal, and never confounds Him with blind law or force. He has thoughts and feelings, and expresses them in language. He lays His commands upon His creatures, and accompanies them with threatened rewards and punishments. He walks in the garden in the cool of the day, superin tends- the construction of the ark, and enters into solemn covenant with Abraham. There is surely definite enough personality in all that, and in a hundred other Old Testament instances that might be cited. There is no discrepancy on this head. Is it in God's supremacy over nature, then ? No. For the lesson of the brimstone and fire from the Lord out of Heaven upon Sodom and Gomorrah is as plain in its teaching as that of Christ's speaking to the waves upon the Sea of Galilee. Again, God's horror of sin is not more strikingly evidenced in our Saviour's dealing with the Pharisees and the money changers in the temple than in the record of God's feelings immediately upon the eating of the forbidden fruit. If John records the Master as saying to Nicod ernes, God so loved the world that Ho gave His only begotten son, that whosoever believeth in Him should not perish, but have everlasting life, was it not pro- claimed on Sinai two thousand years before, and doubtless by the same voice, " The the Lord God, merciful and gracious, long-s 'iffering, and abundant in goodness and tru1' eepig mercy for thousands, forgiving iniquity and transgression and n l i t» , f once more, the moral condition of man, ana' own that that ii a i dnol t»oe« 18 represented aB no ?ri 5l„ the Old Testament, and all other .in the , that which wo through ite bo-., %he New in all Us have threu5 fa that of thorough parts.; His ataF He is nofc oniy alienation from G«. . Wherever youhaye unfortunate, lbutguilty. %,r him> \t ja ap_ the idea of salvation u ly jn the light preached, in Old and New a. 0f jjf5 for 0£ly of Divine grace— the w the sinner is the way of justice and mesa/, justice met ih'sacrifice and pardon granted as a kingly bopn. That idea as one in aud through all the Book must be graven on yourjbeart3 il you know your Bible, and wherever you have- hints,- however dim they may be'kf the Triuity, the immorta lity of the soul, the inspiration of Scripture, the resurreciion of the body, or any pro minent docifiue in the Old Testament wri tings, that idea is always in the line .of what is fully revailed in the New. / And we are asked to grip up trie Old Testament. Not in this generation, or the next, brethren. It is surely not by evolutionists one would think that that demand is made. VI.— Of course we do not say that many of these things are very clear in the old testament, because we have to notice next that; there is a gradual unfolding of doctrine into greater clearness and permanency and universality just as we should expect in a book with one purpose, but that has taken sixteen hundred years to complete. For you must never forget that for one moment, or you are landed where many critics have landed themselves, in a muddle. The pro gress of Bible doctrines has not been like that of science and philosophy from failure to success, from mistaken hypothesis to advanced and correct views, but from a success up to the full measure of its time to a deeper and broader success, corres- ponding to the advance in its surrounding conditions. "It has not been the human mind -manufacturing a system of truth, continually altering and perfecting it. but the divine mind planting within the soil of earth-born creatures a measure of wisdom that is from above, and then attending to its growth for 15 centuries, until it had reached its maturity. Bible doctrine has never itself involved human thought in any practical difficulty, has never been called upon to contend, with any obscurity except that produced by foreign influences. Time will not allow of examples just now, but you may, if you please, at yuur leisure apply this thought I have been dealing with to, say, the fatherhood of God. His holiness and the sinfulness ef man as doctrines progressively and consistently developed to prove the -truth of my state ment. VII. -For I must now pass on rapidly arid discuss very shortly the Christ unity of the Bible, that is its biggest, brightest, besl, all-pervttding unity. It ia Christ Jesus, ray brethren, t'h til makes the Bible one, He is the wholeness offit, for lie is in it, the glorious Lord, front-beginning to end. JBrom rue una uu» «»» » o";' a deliverer in the garden, that glorious image goes ou growing in definiteness, in clearness, till we have flhn iu very deed, blessed Immanuel, God ivith us, one of us. Type and symbol, priest arid sacrifice, prophet and psalmist, all point forward to Him, the fulfilment of all that pointed forward in Judaism, aud the satisfying of all the quenchless longings of heathenism are contemplated in Him, by those whom God moved to speak, and. we know that it is He whom we have been taught to took for in the Old Testament, that we hail with glad acclaim in the New. The babe of Bethlehem, the boy of Nazareth, the man of sorrows aud acquainted with grief, the strouger than temptation, the fair helpful Son. of Man among his weaker sinful brethren; the crucified, the risen, the glorified, the ascended, interceding Lord, who is to come again. Christ 13 everywhere in the Bible, even as oxygen is everywhere in the atmosphere, it3 all and in all of vitality. Let the critics of higher or lower tone say what they will, it is Christ that makes the Bible one aud complete, aud that warrants you and me this day iu treasuring it lovingly and calling it trustfully, the Book. VIII.— And how let me remind you, English- speaking uieu and women,' of the glorious inheritance you havp, in its very form as a literary possession, in your Jiiugiisu Bible, iu the eloquent words of one who more than thirty years ago went over to Rome, as he touchingly laments what he has foregone and. lost iD renouncing our translation. I need mention no name, for that will suggest itself to many of you as I quote his Words ; they are these : "Who will not say that the uncommon beauty and marvellous English of the Protestant Bible is not one of the great strongholds of heresy in this country ? It lives on tho ear like a music that can never be forgotten, like the sound of church bells which the convert hardly knows how he can forego. Its felicities often seem to be almost things rather, than mere words. It is a part of the national mind and the anchor of national seriousness.-. The me mory of the dead, passes into it. The potent traditions of childhood are stereo typed in its verse. .The power of all the griefs aud trials "of a man ia hidden beneath its words. It is the representa tive of his best momenta, and all that there has been about him of soft aud gentle and pure and penitent and good speaks to him for ever out of his English Bible. It is his sacred thing, which doubt has never .dimmed aud controversy never soiled. In the length and breadth of the land there is not a Protestant with one spark of religiousness about him. whose spiritual biography is not in his Saxon Bible." You hear those words, my brethren, of one who resigns the book in your mother tongue, but resigns with a sigh. ; Is it all that- to you to- day ? Or do those borne a3 strange words because some of you have been neglecting it 1 Have you grown faithless or fearful over it, because many tell you so confidently that von will have to sive it up and walk by some other light in these highly Accom plished days? Need I tell you how doubly needful the knowledge of it is growing for our land ? Oh, if any of you have been careless about the blessed Book that once you knew. Do you not again to-night hear the clear grave tones ef a father's voice as he read the morning or evening portion in your childish days long ago ; and will not that remembrance, bring you with child's heart to the sacred page a«aiu ? Or see you not the sweet mother's eyes looking love upon you as you UBed to kueel beside her and send up to the Father inheaven, at her dear prompting, the words of His own message from your baby lips 1 Oh, my friends, if you have been dwelling in any land of darkness out of the light of God's true loving word, I pray you for the sake of those sweet remembrances take up your treasure and read and learn and love again and teach your own little ones to read and revere and adore, that they may live to bless you, and that our land, when yau and I are gone to our long home, may yield the increase of righteousness and peace tnac a wen-reau auu nmiou u"" can produce. Amen, 