THE LIBYAN. AN IBIL OF THE PRIMITIVE CHURCH. BOOK I. Chatter "VIII.—Who is Hati 1—(Continued,} iii/ual wars undertaken for the sole purpose of forcing other peoples to adopt the religion of the conqueror, was constantly repressed by the Jewish laws and branded as a crime ?_ And bast thou 6ver reflected upon the real signifi cation of these facta ?" " Yea," answered "Anus, "and I have been taught that God, by Mosea, so commanded the Jews in order to preserve the- peculiar people from be»ng seduced into following after strange gcds, and adopting the idolatries which were everywhere believed in, For the idolatries thou hast named, and every false religion which had for its symbol a moon, a cow, a cock, or any symbol intended to indicate the fecundity of Nature, was only the worship of that very mystery of sex of which thou ha3b spoken such-strange things, the deification of lafciviousness, the apotheosis of sensualism." " They finally became so, indeed," Baid Am neni-hat, sadly, " when the original truth b3 carae thoroughly corrupted; but it was not so io ihe beginning, For if thou wilt keep in mind the fact that the original faith of every primitive nation held the true Gad to be a dualism that was to become a triad by the generation of a Son; if thou wilt remember that this Son was also held to be Hapi, ' the hiddeD,' 'thp concealed,' 'the unrevealed,'even as unto this day the high-priest of 6very temple in Egypt will declare unto thee; and, con sidering these things, thou wilt not surely say that the grand roll of Egyptian priests, stretching back for more than thirty centuries of recorded history from this age of ours, were all mere sensualists. On the contrary, thou wilt see in these singular rites and ceremonies, even in their present degraded form, the signs and symbols of a deathless longing in the hearts of that grand, pure, holy race of sacred priests, and of a search prosecuted over land and sea, through heaven, and earth, and hell, during all the fruitless and slow-gliding centuries, by every art, science, and resource known to men —a longing and a search after Hapi, 'the hidden one,' 'the concealed son,"the unre vealed Saviour,' for whom the whole creation groaneth—a sublime spectacle, sad and grand enough to move a god to pity ! For while the crowd see. only a splendid pageant in that annual festival in which,' with torches and with magnificent display, the priests and the whole population at Memphis wander over the city, the river, and the lake, seeking in earth, and five, and water, for the dismembered body of the dual god, thou wilt find among them aged, pure, sad, learned men, who see in the same grand spectacle the perpetual memorial of their world-old search for Hapi, 'the con cealed and, if thou couldst gaze into their shut, silent, sorrowful hearts, thou wouldst sea all the faculties of soul and spirit exhaling in a yearning prayer that he might come! "and at the gate of every temple thou wouldst find the priestly symbol, ihe Sphinx, the sleepless watcher, cut cut of imperishable stone, 'gazing right on with calm, eternal eyes, till Hapi come!—for such is the true signification of Hesiii-Hes, whom the Greeks call Osiris-Isis ! And even in the later and more degraded worship of the bull-god Apis, while the common crowd see oDly the apotheosis of sensualism, as thou has called it, in the fact that when a new Apis is'discovered, devout women at Memphis, during forty days, expose themselves Btrippad naked to the gaze of the sacred brute, the sad faced priests realise that the endless and un availing search to discover Hapi, 'the concealed,' had sometimes been prose cuted by unlawful _ means, against which Moses, in the Jewish scriptures, denounced the penalty of death. And the period of forty days was purposely chosen in order to cover by a few days, in both directions, 3 lunation of the moon; for the worship of the moon- god univer sally connected itbe lunations of that planet with the sexhood of women. Eat thou wouldst greatly err if thou shouldst believe that in its original, undegraded form, this worship was sensualism ; for it began with some new effort to wring out of the mystery of sex the secret of Hapi, ' the concealed'; and was glorified by the fact that it was part land parcel of the weary, woild-old search after him! Ob, will he ever come ?" . Then the boy sprang to his feet, to the very tipB of his toes, his right hand vibrating, his head erected and bent forward, his dark eyes gleaming with mesmeric light, his whole form and face glowing with passionete and quivering emotion, and he cried aloud, " Thou art pious and aged and learned. Thou teachsst me much, But I will also teach thee some thing, As Eurely as thou livest, Hapi, the hidden, whom thou. calle3t the desire of all nations, hath already come in the flesh, and his name is Jesus ChiiBt." " Perhaps so, perhaps so," said the ancient mournfully, "But the priests of Kem, during bitter disappointment. ' The Sphinx still watches with unwinking gaze for the solution of the mighty problem, and the old are difficult to convince." \- But at that moment Theckla burst in upon them, flushed and weary with her romping with the goats, cryiDg out, " 0 B3cred Hapi, I am so hungry and so tired." Then the old man spread out a linen cloth upon the table, and, at his desire, Arius and Theck'a placed tberecn the table-ware and the dainties taken from the basket which the boy bad brought, while he took from a little spring nigh his hermitage a jar of cool, refreshing goat's milk; and they three did feast right joyously. " There is another," said the ancient, " which is conclusive to my mind that the doctrine of thy scriptures ia as I have stated it, la Genesis it is written that God said, ' Let us make man in onr own-image;' and also it is written, ' Male and female created He them,' It seemeth to me that this 'image' and 'like ness' hath a deeper signification than the mere similitude of man's character to that of God can convey. God is a spirit, according to these scriptures, and no resemblance can bs imagined between human beings and Him in regard to physical constitution. So far as the characters constituted the ' image and likeness,' the books show that it would include only the first man on one Eide and God the Father on the other. But the words are generic; ' us' and ' our' the triad on one side, and 'man' (that is 'male and female,' the human race) on the other, -and I suppose the ' image and likeness'spoken of is one found in the essential nature of man, in his constitution and relations, For a3 ia heaven, so in earth; in both the trilogy in cludes Father, Mother, Son, Trinity is family; and the essential point of the image and likeness between thehuman and the divine subsists in ihe fact that human nature neces sarily exists as a triad—father, mother, son; juEt. a3 the divine nature must do. This Btemeth to me to be the only ground from which it is possible to predicate divinity of Jesus Christ without involving the whole Christian system in the mazes of poly theism ; for if he be divine otherwise than in this fact of generation, there myst be more than cue God, In strict accordance with this view I have observed that in those nations which are ignorant of thi3 feminine aspect of the dual god, wives are degraded—are mere chattels, mere slaves; in others that (like Egypt) recognise the divine feminine nature, but hold that ehe is inferior to the masculine element of this dualism, wives are tolerated, are not Bhut up in seclusion, are not mere slaves and chattels; while among the. Christians alone who hold the absolute equality of Father and Spirit, womanhood ia glorified and made honorable; and Je&is; himself elevated marriage almost, if mot altogether, into a religions sacrament." "The views you present seem very like the truth," said the boy musingly, " and they are certainly grand enough to be true, But they are entirely new to me, and I shall not fail to give them such study and meditation as my sense of the magnitude of the subject involved may demand. I have never heard any discus sion upon the nature of the relation of the three persona of our Christian trilogy," " Fthink," said the ancient, " thou wilt find that it is a mere mistake to suppose that there, are three, for the sacred books teach me that there are only two, the Father-Ghost, or double Gcd, but one only ; and the 'Son of this one God. The perfectest flowers in nature are hermaphrodites." "But wilt thou inform me whether any per fect, Eelf- producing creature, possessed of arimal life, hath ever been discovered 2" " Never," answered the ancient, " The partial realisation of such a condition, the rare approximations thereto, which have b9en curiously noted by Egyptian priests for cen turieB andmy riads of years, have been universally regarded as a deformity and not a3 a perfection, Yet the priesthood say that the fact was per fectly realised, according to Mo3es, in the case of the first man, for the first woman w&3 not created as the man wa3, but proceeded out of him; and the account given by Mosss after ward means just that. I could say many things upon this matter indeed, but for the fact that the oath of secrecy, taken at every step of his progress in the Bacerdotal life by every Egyptian priest, was vast and solemn; intended to cover bis whole future life, and secure his silence under every possible mutation of his own fortune. The Bphinxes, with wide-op3n eyes and sealed lips, and faces that are inscru table and calm, revealing nothing that might show a trace of any passion, emotion, thought, or purpose, and yet full of intelligence and power, are the perfect symbol .of the Egyptian priesthood; and £ know not ju3t how far these obligations are binding upon me." "I will not question thee," said Arius, "but will endeavor to profit by whatever thou mayst be at liberty to declare." "Thou mayst some day find use for the fact that was well known to the priesthood, who were the repository .of all knowledge in the land of Kem, that in the embryonic or foetal life, both in animals and in man, there is abso" Jntely no distinction of sex, Up to a short •period prior to its birth it ia impossible to determine whether the 'offspring will be male or female, from which fact it seems to follow that sex is not a primary or essential function of animal existence, but dependent upon con ditions during gestation which centuries of Investigation nave failed to disclose, Dostthou remember how bitterly the Bacred books of the Israelites, from Moses down, denounce Baal and Ashtaroth and the star-god Remphaa, and all the Eecret rites of the national religions of all other people except their own, the Egyptians included 2 Hast thou observed that many of the cerem'onieswhichother nations practised as part of religion are denounced by Moses as crimes punishable with death 1 Hast thou observed that throughout the Jewish scriptures, and especially throughout the Pentateuch, there are bitter and vindictive laws and customs de vised for the express purpose of segregating the Israelites from all other peoples, for building np, as it were, a wall of partition between them and all other nations—and this, notwith standing the-fact that it would have been natural and right for . Moses and his people, if they believed themselves to be in possession of the truth, 'to seek to impart that truth to others, and bo procure the universal accep tance thereof 2 . Hast thou. marked the fact that the'missioriary spirit, which wsb the glory of every other reh'gion, so as to create coa 