L.AKE i-TYERS.?-? B' y An Old: ippeland.er. Somoflive yiars ego, on a warm sum' mor's'afternoon.a man might have been seen to set forth from theshoroe in a small boat, and, hoisting sail, make for the op posite baaks of Lake Tyers. The wind; which then scarce filled, the lIg sail gradially freshened; the waters snddtnly became distuhbod.; . Ohne of those' squalls .which riee so quickly. in these parts, had caused this change. But the man hold on. He seemed un concerned, and although the little craft heeled over perilously, he made no at tempt to lower the sail. Ho was a man of some fifty years of ago, bronzed, swarthy, with largo quick wild looking grey eyes. SIIe wore a heavy board in which the grey largely mingled with the brown.; i lie, was powerfully? built, and in his face the physiognomtst would have road courage and resolution. HIe might also have discovered: the marks of keen suffering in the lines of hie brow and around his eyes. On plunged the little boat. The man sat motionless, handling the tiller me chanially. . He seemed lost in moody thought. Suddenly, as he came abreast of a gorge, the wind caught the sail. Over wont the boat. ' . Then, for the first time the man ap peared to realise his position. It was not a pleasana one. He observed that lie was full a half mile fromn the shore. - To a swimmer thIs faet would not have appeared so serious; but this man could not swim. 'All he could do, thei, was to cling to tile bottoma of the boat, which was no easy t.Tlho waves tumbled the little cookie. shell about, so that it was with the utaost sdtilllt. Itn rtdIin, l his hold. f(azing through btho llisty air at the dim shore, lh discovorod no prospect of rescue. And yet this grim cirotumstance did not appear to appal him. rFo looked neithbr pale nor agitatod; only weary and resigned. " It has coeno at last," ho muttered. " Whnt railtor ?-bottor thus than death by my own hand. Tlho with a swift transition of fooling he cried out: L M"ary--ly wife, my love. You will nover'know, novor dronm, that I died thus, and that your dear naio aits last 10otn m lps-your dear self the last affoyt By n suprem effort Ihe draw hitmsolf upon the keel. le lay thus extonded on the bottom of the boat. The mast and ail anoted somowhat as a contro board or false kool. Theyn t least provented the boat from rolling comtplotoly over under tl1o woight of the lmnn, TiThsa ho lay, motionless, In truth heo no longer thought of Ila singular posl tion. IlHs thoughts wore of the past ; e was lost in that dismal roverlo which comes to allof us at times, when the ghosts of our orrors and mistakes arise in dismtoal array before us. Rsppntanco I Alas, of what avail to exorcisel those ghastly poetros I Thits absorbed, tiles an, Indit'eront to thue raving of the wlnd, the splash of the waves agaiast.the boat, tie eoasolosss rel. ling f the little vessel, chlng mtoohanl cally to the kool- thinking, thinking of the pist. le felt no fear, for death it would seeoom had no terror for hit. IIo adl lived bo yond the 'dsiro of life, iHopu had abandonod hit. ITO awaited the otd with stoleul ildliforoncu , It'may be obhserved that what is called the "irony of fate" Is frequently exhl. bited unllder sltnh elretlmilatne?a . . Hiow htotntlye wo may note that they who stia le hardest for life fall to koop it, while theoy who invite tldeath discover it ovades them, . It was so in this caso. Tie toaceolot had boon oberveod from the leore y a man who was fishing. SHeo quickly pulled towards the capsized boat, bitt he had to contend against wind and waves. Nevortholoess those oelomonts 'n the other hand, drl6fl the disbled bloat'to wards hitn, In less than half an hour from the timeo of tlinocoldent, Ito roehed tlie Boat'' lie bohold hlas fi?g etrotelled ttum the ke?0 nsil 'tjgsdil ,that the man tbad awooned. " Hblloa I" he oried, lustily. HLloa i" At this the otler looked up, H-isi rescuer had now brought his boatalong side. In a few momonts ho was secure. But it was noticed by the man who had saved him, that there wasno expression of grati tude or elation in his face. '; SIf anything, that set,stern, haggard face expressed disappointment. "A queer. follow this," murmured, the other, ''Ho looks as if he'd rather I hadn't interfored."' Tlion ho'said aloud : "Your boat will .drift ashore, air-so weoll leave her to do so. . I have a camp hard by, and can offer you a change of clothing,, and some. blankets. In the meantime, try some of this," and he passed a pocket-lask to the rescued man .. . . As though by an effort the latter cour. toously Ilanked him, and drank a small portion of brandy. .' * : SAs ho returned the flask he said: " I have to thank you cordially, and to oak your pardon that I did not do so at once. But to speak the truth, as I lay on the keel of my boat, I fell into a kind of dream or reverie of so absorbing a kind, that I carcoo realised for the moment that I had boon awakened so agreeably. I thank you heartily, sir, - Lifo they say Is sweet, and I suppose it is all for the best that.I am still in a position to verify tle proverb." : Tlhe other, as he impelled his boat with vigorous strokes towards the shorolistened in surprise and silence. : " , It was evident that this person whom lio had rescued was a man of education and culture., Rough and haggard as he looked, his voice was pleasantly.modula tod, his words well hloson, his gestures few but graceful. ' Heore we are," cried the yonngor man, as he leapedashore and dragged tho,boat upon the beach. " I'mnglad to seoyou are strong enough to walk.,. My camp is over yonder in that clump of trees; you canose the smoke of my improvised chimney. Come along ;"and ho strode on before lhe other. Presently lie turned, to tho.left, and following a rough patli led the way to the caml. . Here the reseued man beheld a rough slab hut, roofed with bark, situated in the midst of a clump of .trees.: ,; ' :, The younger man throw open the door. Turning to the other he said, with a win iling silo. - , , . , , ' , Enter sir, you ar elome el ;"ce 'ind the reosued man felt a glow of gratitude which had not boon inspired until then. blo had boon caroless as to his life, and felt but little thilnka for its preserva tion. But lis heart -seared doubtless by long sulluring- bounded gratefully in re all r.4 t..I :Cin vll .' ts1 i d v,'t . Within the hot he found a grant fire burning in the fireplace. Seated in snminir. attitpgde before it w 4s q Wlickh aIo was attentively watching the baking of a "dampepor." As the men entered he looked up and showed his white tooth. " Budgeroo fine damper, Mister HIrold," said he, "plenty him bolum plour me put. Him cobbon light, my word-pout," and he puffed out his cheeks to indicate his meaning. ilis master oqughed, as Qpeqing A phest hq crows otl geqqsnlo blankets and cinthiqg. I"Got rid of those wet dude, sir," said lie, "and jump into my bunk for an hour or so, L whilo I got dinner under weigh. Pray mako yourself at home." The stranger smiled. A light came into his face which chased away the hard and sevoere eoxpression it ordinarily expressed. lie thanked Ilsi host, and obeyed his kindly instructions. Stretched between the blankets he watched the younger man bustle about propnrim dillnner. As he did so, astrnnge,purzled look came into his face. Tiein with a frown it dia. appeared. IeTo ahoed, and turned his face to the wall. Ils host thought he slept and was glad. But the ian was not sleeping, lib was charnging his memory as to what in this strangers lie and ianator recalled a former knowledgo of one like him. Prosently the mneal was ready-a rare feast for a bushman. Wallaby solp, stowed wild duck, soused fish, hot damper, salt butter, cheose, pu. teooes-not to spunk of sundry toothsaome side dishes, made up of tinned moats, pro. serves, and the like. Arousod,'the older man clod himself in his host's garments, washed his face and hands, and took Ills seat, " It seants like enohlantmotit;~,sald he, "'An hour or so ago I was floating upon the bottom of a boat, alnd nlow I'm aboua to partake of a feast that Luoullas himself could lot conmanod." " Well, I don't know," laughed the other, as lie helped his guest to soup in a tin dish " bill this I utinik, the glutton woluld have envied us--onlr appetite." " True," answered the other, "is It itot strange what a tyrant nuntiro is ? It mat tors not what troubles or disasters assail ls, we are compelled to divert our attoni. tioi as the dinner lhollr comes round,t` ' nd' is its it ot well that it is so," reo 1lled thie other, U The wretch condemnndd o death onn eat, aye, and eljoy the capi. tal breakfast which, with l grnm stire he is allowed, ?roe hs q eloXt qp iii "True,' tue''," sighed the other.; H was silent for, some moments. Then he said; "You mast allow me to return your hospitality to.morrow. I live on the other aide of the lake.'.., '" Farming, doubtless." "No, no," answerod the other wiih a faint laugh, "only playing hermit. I have lived thus some years alone, and liking nmy solitude." The next day, the elder man and his rescuer walked around the shores of the lake to the farmer's hut. It was a true' hermitage, wherein, however, the intelloc tual was not absent, though there seemed to be little care for aught else. Books fil1ed every corner. A gun hung overthe fireplace. Fishing lines; were suspended from the walls., For the rest, a rude bed, a table, a stool, and a few pots made up the contents of the hut.. The day was splendid, and after aslight repast the two men walked a little die. tance to a spot overlooking the lake. Here they sat down. . Try acigar," said the younger, offering his case. The other smiled. ",!'Twill be the first I have smoked since I left England,' he said. "I put aside all. the refinoments when I expatriated myself." j "Forgive ute," said his companion, "if I any you arouse my curiosity, Surely to a man of your culture such a lifeas you lead must be sometimes unpalatable." "Sir," sad the older man, a hard look in his face ; his grey eyes glittering. 'I live the life of one who has taken life." " You I " and the other half arose. "Stay- " with a gesture of com mand. "Listen. Iwilltoellyou mystory. Judge then of my guilt which, to my thought, not all the waters of yondh r lake can wash away. It is now fifteen years siuoo I mar ried Mary Prior. I met her by accident, loved her, woood her, won her. She was very youngI double her age ; yet I think, I know, I won .her love. We were very happy-ah I,. so happy that sometimes, when distraught from bitter memorius, I sometimes think that brief bliss was but a dream, and no reality." H. Ho paused awhile, and wiped away the sweat whioh gathered on his brow. '! We lived near the sea for onie briof haply month. We had apprii, d my wife's family of our mnarriige, but had not ro coivedany answer. I was hardlysurprised, becausel gathered from her that they were likely to object to her marrying while so youig, and might pirhaps aspire to a richer husband for her. Wlhat natter i We were happy-sat least I was, for how could she have been so who who wickedly. de cuived me 1 Sir, the serpent came into our Edenl, and cwrrekeld mly life. 4?ganl Io pause4vj the other noted tlu: his lips tremebled, and his eyelids cn tract~d, pa hp battled with the Inssilo that 'aged within him, I f had heard- no itnlter how-soine particulars of my wife's family, andofl r eumstancea which accounted for her pro sonco in the roinuto vicarage wherein I had first met her. Of the family I learned thalt they wore well-to-do people of good standing in lifo ; of the oairoumstauces reforod to, tlpnt lho had boon pursoed by a ynnig iman of handsomo person and win. ning address, but bad reputation ; and that it was to avoid this porson'saddresses she had been sent away from hlees, In deed, she had told ime as much in horally, delicate way, and I thought, blind fool, that the story of her repuginanoo to this lover wasn all truth. Truth I who is it 1 Buckley, is it not ? who says : ; "Trust nlot-a woman, oven when she's dead." " A base slhnder," interjected his lies tenor--" at beat a ynical witticism. You remember tholclreuomelanoes that led to tho satire ? A iman'e stopmother died. The corpse was sot upon a high bed i thoeslop son lay on a sofa by the side of the bed. By sonme means the body fell uponl the yotlth and killed him, Hence Buckley's imiromptu--" o! It matters nothing," said the other, gloomily. " The shot, though fired at random, hit the mark. It fits my case, n: any rate,"' he added, with laugh, "as you shall ses." "l oamno homo oe night rather iullOx pactedly, I entered the little gardelon, un hoard, unobserved. Liston.-standing be neath a great beach Iroo, I saw her, my wife, with a stranger-a handsomo inma- younger, far younger ttlu I. They were eslnioless, for they took no care, to lido their aondoarlunts. Hils arm was around hwr waist. Ile stooped and kissed liher twiooe-once when ha was so close that I could have stabbed him to the heart,. But I hold back that Impulse, though my fin. gore closed upon tlhs hoalh kniia I carried -for I had beeoon boating., I waited, and I whila I, waited, I suellred an eternity of agony. lily heart went out to my wife. I loved her, and I thought, despite this dsamunin evidence, that she had somelove for me. What then was to be doneo Standing conicoalod, I looked at them. In lie faco I read indomitablhlo will power; in hers the the tenderest affection Could 1 hattle agalnst this ' Could I hope to sops. rato these bleards to break down the paes aion which 1 saw-ohi aod I how cloearly -existed betweeoon' thou ? No; There was than but islo. way-the way.my heare ihungorel for i the way that overy. throb nd pgleatloq w? my buh si uggested as -lto right way, Is there R devil? .Can 1it be, possible that thestorles of the priests are true; and that the Spirit of Evil eur ronnds us'in such moments of dire tempta tion us that I speak of 7 If so-but there 'tie fruitless to speculate. Let me own, sir, I killed this sman. Aye, shrink from me, for on these hands-bhheldthomforth with paisionate gesture-is the stain'of blood. What now - Was it well to save my.lifo, to rescue from certain death a man who had forfeited all. claim to life? Yes, I killed him.. I 'waited until they parted. lIe kissed hlera they did so, and stroked her hair. : How hungry for his blood I felt. How fierce was the joy that filledme when '1watched him cross the lawn, smoking a cigar, as lithe, and briave, and manly as yourself-you might have been his brother, so like yon are to him. Yes, very like." Again he checked his speech, and gazed wistfully upon the younger.man's face.' The latter's eyes woero turned in the direc tion of the lake, and he did not, note .the other's yearning look. !Presently the mani proceeded: " I followed the man, silently, and un observed. He' made' for the clift which overhung the sea. Arrived at its shrilinit, he stood for a few! moments and looked abroad across the' ocean. I6'was, calmi;; all nature seemed to sleep; the more :my passion raged:. and stormed' withilnmy. heart. Heo turned, and then wei stood, faee to face. He must have read my purpose in my eyes. Butliewnstakenbysur1prise, and scarce resisted. In a minuto-silently, swiftly, secretly, aye I qllietly - It was done. Over the clif I hurled him, a hein dred foot and more, into the sea. Then ah heaven I then-I would have given my life for his. But it was too late. Tile deed was: done, and thereafter I must carry with mno the burden of my silln. Sir, I turned to:regain the house. God I how can I toll it. Not a rod from mns stood my wife ; her face white and drawn ; her eyes fixed and staring ;lher lips vainly striving to utter words which would not com. I hliad planned a secret vengguinico-e d she had seen it all. At once I tied. I did not dare to look upon her, or to speak. Away I hurried, nor paused in my wild flight until thousands of miles wore put between us. I came hero. Iere I have remained, alone alone say I I No ; for the guilty are never alone. He groaned, and casting himself at length upon the award, hid his face upon his arm. lie could not note the compassion, and withal content with which the other re garded him. "Come,': said thoe,younger man, "I also have a story to tell you. I say to tell you, for as I proceed you will gather that it milch concerns you." "Me I" The man leaned upon his elbow, and stared at the speaker. " 31y name is Asho," said the latter "Nay, hear me out. I noted that you gave a false name to my sister when you spoke of her-for, Edward Wayne, your wife was my sister." With a loud cry, the other leaped to his feot. " You come for vengeance," lie said wildly. '! Take it. The life you saved is yours, doubly yours." "Sit down,..Wayne," said the other auietlyi "I bring peace, not vengeance. He lit a cigar and went on. My parents died when I was but very young, leaving also my sistor-a mere baby-to my care. I was well provided for. and during my younger days lived under my uinle's roof. IMy little sister grew up with me, my companion always, I her faithful chalmpion and guardian. When my uncle died, leaving me his pro perty, she was a child of twelve ; 1 a youth of twenty. My sister grow up to be the beautiful, sweet croeatlre you know her. Don't in terrupt please," for the latter had made a gesture asug though to speak, " Let me have my say throughout. Well, being fairly well off and1 uncontrolled, it was latural that I should exercise my hospi talily freely. Among the many friends I had 1made at college was 'ne whomt I loved as a bhothor. IIandsomoe, accom plished, rilliant, he had appeared to e b, d t ihe eodimnt of all that is noble I and worthy in a mlan. In this belief I Slad eagerly soullght his society, nnd was I veer so happly as when I hlad him as my guestatat Iny piare in Yorkhlli"e, whore the hunting and shooting wore excelleot. At last it came to pass, so close the friendship grow between us, that Arthur Farrar ecane almhnost one of our family. I mlake o secret that 1 planned in my wn min:ld, to nlake him really one of us by ties of nmarrigo, I thlought lihat I should consult :the happiness of all were I to secure this lIlanl for my sister's hulies. band, The 'other kept his dark sombre eyes .fixed uponil the speaker. ' " Woll," he said, "' o on." "' Guntly, have patience. I say I do. sired to have this man lily sister's ibus band.' \Vith the crass ignornanc of youth, an1d a wOlIln s heart, I 'tr 1tld ly sister so. I hied? tihuglit' that she would have ,wiI hlingly naesented, and when seo aside the idea, somowhat coldly, as. it seelted, merely ,consllerdd' that this was the lqanner of maIdens who wluro lpproached by a proposal of Ills kind from other lips than a lover. At any rate, I did not doubt that Fararr could, if he wished, win toer love. "'To sny joy, lie one day spoke of tills Ihmself ; told me lle had grown to love Mary, and asked me to help him win her. I gave hitm ay boot wishes, and bade hii ullrk his suit himself, assured of my sup. port. "' You are horguardinn," lhIe said, "and with your help and good tlices, I have ieo doubt I shall win my prie." ".Well, lue day 11e left thle iiliunlllleglg that lie hld boon culled suddellly to Lun. doi. Tvo dye afteruv ards I received a letter frolls im, rueforrig to our conver, antioln, tlnd naking me to ireow my pro. m1110 aiid conseiit ill writing. I.aneiled, for Ijudoe d this to be thea gtrless of ai loverl hlunlgry for hope, I alswored tin at onte, Isforlming ine that lie colld rest' eusy and promeising that Mary should be hs Wllairr a wookel fter this business alled sen to London. I know hbut little of the great moder ldabyloIn, and weas as Ignornlt ofTthe vice, the weckdlesas, the temptlllpionsle, alld thle devil's arnesll wiich lie within its compass as a little child. lt bol young, and lushed. with 11e teoloiy ho yuth, t I readily abandoned Ilyseloif to the guidance of esome college chums who wore resdlssg for t111 bar, and whwll cere glad enough, as they so , Ito olligltout my nidr by slhowtlg m '!theI orls" ofLo Ldodln. STIe ropeal". I never beor that ex pressinn1 wcvi 111t a slutdder. I will not dwell u11o10 the seelles I wcitaussel, n1or tell you how 0a thue Lrithigrdually dawiied uios ,nv, I booalme awaroof the evil wllich elll ies the ca051 dull pretelnco of olvill. nation. My (riends, hardened by their exnporrenles, took that pleasiro Inh oducat leg me Into their own knowledge which the man of the world-by some subtle instinct, born of Satan-linds in breaking down the innocence of ignorance. I saw " life," Wayne, life-or rather the death of life, for surely vice and foulness kill all that is virile and wholesome in man's nature. I was taken to the thousand and one haunts of fashionable infamy the concert hall, the fast theatre, the dancing saloon, the places of the iabandoned, the gambling hells. And hark ye-wherever I found the foulest ulcer existent,.there I, discovered :Arthur Farrar.. :1 do not say, that : I always saw him there.a i;l:saw him but seldom,- and managed to avoid encounter. But I'heard of him as the "fastest of, the fast.:' I heard man speak of him'as a past master in'dobnuchiery. I elioard pa?nted women refer to him interms that made dmyblood run'cold, and' my heart' staid still, as I realised that to this,wreoth I had?.pro ,mised my swsotsister;, And I heard. too -mark this- that he had. boasted oif his conquest of the girl ;.that he had vaunted lie heold mee (a eimpleton)ras a kind:of wil ling slave, who believed in him as aspecies of deti:igod, and hild no notion of the real life lie had led, and still was leading., : .'I; returned home. I .fodund'' my slister changed-sad, depressed I asked ler r the cauad -rWltl .teiide rere2roaclies; sht?- told me that during my abseonce IIr. Furrar had run down' froin London, asught an interview, asnd asked her hand in mar ringeo. Shehad refused lim. Thleis lie produced ?sy le toe, and wi It sinister elo quenco urged thlit iiy promise,had been accepted by him as equivalent to her con sent. At this, she yielded, so far is to say that, supported as he was by my pro ference, she would reconsider her -ro fusal. I made up my mind instantly.' An old tutor of mine was living in ri,'reioto coltnty, vicar of a small parish'. Tof him I sent my sister. I gave her no reason save this, that I desired to break off all association with Farrar, and" shoe, too glad to aid me, asked no further ques tions; but I think shli knoew that I had discovered the true character of the ,man -a knowledge which her subtle .woman's instinct had given her roln thoflirst. So determined was I that this lnlan should not knowr of Mlary's retreat that 1 arranged we should not write to each other, lest by bribe or trick, he might trace whither she had gone. This settled, I felt easier. Then I wrote to 'Farrar, and told him what 1 know of ,him, and that hoInceforth we were strangers. Three days afterwards, I received a telegram " Come to me-- dying.-hFAR.AA,"--with the address of his chambers. \- After a few moments of hlesitatioii, I obeyed the summons. I found Farrar was indeed in sad case. Heo had been stabbed in some disaroeputable quarrel, and the surgeon could do little for hiim. Poor wretch I As I looked upon his pale, hand. some face, niow drawn by the lines of coiiing dissolution,I forgot his treachery, his vices, his faults, I remembered only my old gay and brilliant ,ollego chum, whomn I had almost worshipped. ' Well hlie died, his hand fast clasped in mine, and with my heartfelt forgiveness breithed into his ear. After the fusieral I returned home and then tologralhed to Ma'ry acquainting her with the facts, and telling her to come to me. Judge of, my surprise when, in answer, I received a letter announcing her marriago to a gentleman of the neighborhood, and pleading that she lhad taken this stop without acquainting me, becauso she was fearful lest Farrar might regain his' old uscondeony over me, and win me back to suplport him in his suit, This was wholly unforseen. I was very angry-none the less because it had been my own unskilful policy which had brought about this result. In my anger Idid not answer Mary's letter. I shut up the IIall, and cooled myself by a run to Venice. I was too fond of my sister to cherish my resentment long. In about a month I returned to England, and at once' re p aired to hcraddress, There I found her happy in all things save in our estrangeo ment, I learned the best news of you, and waited some time for your return, You saw us together on the lawn and beonoeath the beech tree, I cannot won der that, charged as you were by the rumors you had heard - of Arthur, poor Farrar's vanity-your jealousy was aroused. But I do marvel that it slould not have occurred to you to seek an ox. planation first, before attempting the lifo of the man you supposed me to be. "01h I " sighed the other as he lay face to the grass, "yoi never loved asldid." "Well no," answered the other, "and really if it loands to such tempestuous tumults, iny dear Wayne, I don't wish to. Iiowover, all's well that ends well." " \Vhat I " almost shouted the other, "can you, can Mary forgive me ? It is impossibles. ." I"I have boon five years looking 'for you," was the quiet answer, "aand that, too, in obedience to your wife. "Find him, Ronald," she said, "though you have tCo seek hin ill every corner of the earth. ,lring him home to moe. Tell him aisy lovo ihas never wavered, and that I lave taulght Isis son to pray for and bless him." -lie tonsed, and lighted another cigar, simulating a cool and compoised temper. But his eyee,as they fell upon the prostrate figure of poor Wayne, and marked the convulsions which shook his frame, were full of tears, There was silsncn for some, time, ,Then said Aslho : :" - . "Tell'yo, whlat; Wayne. There's no place like Australia after all, , You shall go home for Mary and: the; boy. I will stay hero and prop-re a home for us all in this pleasant region. Surely we should learn to love the spot lwhereon 'wiv'iot, to xacange our coufossions antd so earnl hap "Ayoe I" said Wayno, "though itieror a desertb suchl a spiot would be sacr&t; to tie. lie It as you say ,Aslh. 'Odd bless you, You have lifted i?wo from.thoheart of a Itan wilo loigeid lfo deattli and gvoes back haplillnss asid hop tooneo ,who lshad not bulieoved in their existence." II "Good," said tho other, annd nodi I think it Is about time we set about din l'ln better appetiser thtnt a light heart I " cried the older man, " and I T'wn I'm hungry, Seeoo, themr is Jaocko ' sig.t nal." A puff of sknio and thel,tl? al ho of a gunshlt slgnClfedithat Jacod niipi. tlontly awaited tolr return.i Tohey wero ,oon within thle oamp., .. "Hero," cried, Asise, will i build mselu houso; on this landi shall I set mielo habi tion." And the promise waskopt. If-Irhave not anmed the: particlar 'lake in' Gp11s. landt, on thi obanks of wvhlicoh iy'frloulds have sottlhel,-lt is in' conalsdoratlio Of their plrlvaeyi. lut if the'reader can flbi tlhemn out, I have nio doubt'heo will otalio ready eonlnlntion of thle, tru th 6 thsPau ''TaSetorles." . 