THE BOOK OF JOB. A Lectuiik ''Delivered Before the Melbourne Jewish Literary Society hy Mr L. Mendelssohn, 13. A.,, A1 ■.was hospitably.1 received-by i i known for his acts of charity; ho fed the hungry, and clothed the needy, and never refused a request, Maimonidcs, knowing that ho man is fault less, tried to find a fault, but in vain. Before Mai.iionides' departure the merchant asked him, whether lie had ovor seen so charitable a man ' before? " Nay," said Maimonides', "does then Job servo God-in vain?" ' thus reproving the motives of the would-be benevolent man. This story 'serves to introduce the subject of my paper, and, at the same time, to give the gist of this biblical book. Thero aie two great questions broached in \- the Biblo.' The Pieacher discusses the question, " What is man's object in life ? Why was ho born ? Was ho to aim at pleasure, at riches, at honour, or is all his life to be given to gain knowledge?" The answer is, "Pear God in all your actions, and do not trouble yourself further." Another question asked is tho old, old query—•" Why do the good men ■ sudor and the bad prosper? ' Why are tho wicked surrounded by riches, rank and honour, whilo the poor are ground down to the duet, in . '/need of even the essentials of life, often starving," to them Providence ""'ovon seeming estranged ?'' The true answer to this question'wo shall ' never get till the worms have oaten up our flesh; and with no earthly eyes • 'do too seethe groat Judgo holding tho halanco of judgment in His hand, and • moting out right to each man. ; •i Many thinkors try to answer this jquestion. Somo. will toll .you that \- pain is really nothing, that it merely depends on the way in which you face things It is nobility in our nature to riso above pain, to show that we do not feci it. It is merely imaginary, and wo,.can so school our imagination "that pain will appear pleasure to us. ' Again, that when the wicked are ,-prosperous they are not really happy. But this, my friends, is falsei Wo oqnnot help fooling pain, and even Frederick tho Groat, a real stoic, said , tlio same. "Is, thou, my strength the strength of stones, or is my flesh of brass ?" If I, c. ()>> wore to knook out a man's eye, and I should ovon think that the pain is morely imaginary, I should then argue that the sin of doing so is also imaginary. I can so blunt my conscience that I will look upon it as a sin, and I can so blunt my conscience that I shall feel happy whon l am surrounded by unjustly-gained riches, rank and honour. i Again, it is a vicious dootrino, for does not Jeremiah loudly lament andlnsh' tho people : "Why .will ye not feel when I striko you ?' Again, David, . when lie was on the throne and whon, as a fugitive, ho was hunted as tho bird by the fowler, orios out, " I am iu suffering, I know it." He felt the ohastisomont of God. Other thinkors will toll you that pain is part of the thousand ills that flesh ib hoir to. Just as the body is 'subjoot to diseases, so the soul is sub jeot to pain. " Man is to trouble born, just as*the birds to soar aloft." , And why should wo ovon, though wo lo good; refuso to bo subject ' to suflbring ? Good and evil suffer alike. Shall wo then say, thiitGod, who sees " With equal oyo, as God of all, a hero perish and a sparrow fall 5" who soarchoB and knowsour lioarts, does not rule justly? No,, my. friondsi this is an inildbl dootrino. i. • Others will toll you that pain must bo suflorcd in tin's lifo, that wo may onjoy a happier lifo in tho futuro ? Does not pain make ploasuro tho kooner; .yvill not a lahouror onjoy his rest all tho bettor after a day's work ? Our afllietionB iu this life, they say, are momentary! as a drop in tho soa of . eternity our pleasures aro uvorlasting hereafter. No, my frionds, this is not oorroet. ' Shall I say that God is p'oworful 'enough to not? -WhOfo are niy proofs? ' Tho lottors of promise aro not sufficient. If God is all wise, then Ho known how to roward tho good and punish the wicked.' If Gocl is almighty, then Ho is abte to roward tho good hero and punish the bad hero. Itvon the good are often wavering, for they see not • suflloiont proof. If God. ovon is poworful and wiso, how-am I sure that IIo will bo kind-and considerate in the futuro, if He hid himself behind a thick cloud in this life? The Bible now promises but earthly rewards. Long life and happiness is promised to those who obey their parents. We are not merely expected to show blind faith, as the fact that the great question is broached in the Bible proves. Heine calls this book the great sceptical book in the medley of the Bible. What is the answer given in Scripture? It is as follows :—Man is born with two opposite tendencies, battling against one another, the evil and good inclination or temptation leading to sin, and the conscience, which is the inward monitor, warning man against sin. The temptation always is inherent. Uumanum est err are. Even the righteous who act rightly have always a tendency to fall back into sin. If he be perfect, • he will pride himself on being a saint, he will glory in being a martyr as we see by the story at the head of the paper. This vice must be rooted up by all means, so that good men purified by the fire of affliction may be better and nobler. Solomon says, " Just as a father chastites his child, so does God chastise man," oul of pure fatherly love. He not impatient then, for in the end when he comes out purified it is seen that he was beloved. We must enter into the purer heavenly life through pain. Just as a boy leaving school is capable of being apprenticed to any trade, e.r/., a shoemaker or tailor, and when he wishes to apply himself to a special craft, he has to undergo vexation and sorrow, till he is perfect in Irs'craft, to man has to be afflicted before he can participate in the eternal bliss. The first question that curiosity will ask is, Who was Job? Before I reply, let me give you a detailed picture of the times; how men lived and thought. The head of the house, an Oriental chieftain, is surrounded by the younger members. The aged are wise ; respect is a remarkable trait in the early ages of history, the slave willingly obeys his master, the wife her husbani, and the child its parent. Ho has a large palace hung with tapestry, and filled with hand'liers, he sits in judgment at the gate while his wife, in rich garments and deeply veiled, is using the shuttle and loom. In Homer we have the Princets Nausieaa washing garments by the river. Hospitality is another pleasant trait. Just as Abraham fed the augels, so the chieftain receives the hungry and naked. 'I he goblet of wine is frequently used ; in the book We have a beautiful picture how, when the grape is cut off, it is pressed in the vat by the weary slaves, who run round shouting in joyous strain. Often are the guesis amused by the barp and tabret, for the heavenly strains are eagerly listened to both in joy and in mourning. Then they rend their garments and heap ashes over their heads. Often again the master will go out fowling with nis spea-s and nets and boys. Or at the family hearth he will perform the sacrifices for the family. In the field the oxen are tilling the ground. Grazing and agriculture are the common employment of man. The wealth is counted by the number of sheep and oxen, goats and she-asses that a man possesses. The seed is sown and embedded by the goats trampling on it. The land is watered by removing the earth around the pools on the higher lands and allowing the water to flow down, Then the grain is out by the reaper with a sickle, and then winnowecl to remove the chaff. Others are working at pottery, making the vessels by turning them round the wheel, '/he products of the land are canied away by swift ships to Phconicea, and there bartered for the Kesitah, or for the gold and silver and diamonds and sapphires. These are got by miners, captives and criminals deep down in the earth, digging in the shafts and lighting the dark mines by torches fastened to their foreheads. • Often will the traders wind their way across the hot and parched deserts, banding together in caravans with their camels and tents will they sail along the ocean of sand Now ho will come to a small oasis, where, resting himself under the shade of a palm tree, he will eat the ripe dates and drink of the cool, refreshing water of the spring. Now will he meet with the lion, " the roar of the lion and the voice of the black lion when the teeth of the young lions are broken, and the strong lion is perish ing because ho has no prey, and the cubs are spread about." ; Now will he meet with the ostrich strutting along with his lovely wing and feathers. "It leaves the egg on the ground to warm in the sand, ancl forgets that a foot may crush it, and the beast of the field may tread it down," or an adder, with its venom, refusing to bo, oharme'cl. But ho may meet with the Nomad Arabs who go plundering the cattle of the settled inhabitants, and then he will engage in deadly battle with them. " Will you then laugh at the horse and its rider ? Do yon give the horse might and clothe his neck with violence? Do you make him rush as the locusts over the fields ? The majesty of his snorting is terrible. H o paws the ground and rejoices in his strength . Ho goes out to meet war. He .laughs at fear, and is not dismayed and does not run back from the sword. Over him the arrows glisten, the spear und dart are brandished, With violence and rage he paws the earth and hoars no more when the trumpet is blown. Then he cries out Ha, ha I and afar off smolls war, noise and shouting of princes.' They engage in deadly battle with spear and helmet and poisoned arrow. /After tho battle the vulture and hawk soar over the dead bodies, or the eagle swoops down who builds his nest so high up on the edge of thooliffand sees from afar off tho food, and his young ones roll in the blood of, the spoil. Coming out of the desert ho is not even then safe, tho fornicator and house breaker and thief and murderer carry on their nefarious practises in the dark. Commerce has brought in knowledge; they know the earth is,a round disk, covering tho waters and supported by pillars. Underneath is tho land of tho dead, tho shades, and above is a round dome covoring the earth, in which the sun and moon and stars are fixed. New religious ideas are brought in. Myths of Rahab and the wounded dragon, of the impri soned Orion, and Nimrod the hunter, the myths of the golden dawn and the SheoJ. Idolatry is still in its infancy, for no star worship is known. Life was to them merely a passing cloud, a dream, a shadow, a fading flower, hut they knew of a future lite. Job, though he says man is like a tree, which, when cut down, is still to grow, yet hopes to see his redeemer out of his flesh. Now, from this picture of the times, you will recognise it as the times of Abraham or Moses ; it has distinctly the pastoral and patriarchal character. In tiie Talmud we have a trau'tion that Job, Jetliro and Balaam, non-Jewish prophets, were the Counsellors of Pharaoh. When he asked what he should .do with the infant Moses, Jethro fled, Balaam counselled death, and Job was silent. This points clearly to a tradition, wide-spread in the Last, that a Job did exist. In fact, hejs coupled witi Noah, in Ezckiel, and surely Scripture will not teach us resignation from a fable. Now we ask, who wrote Job ? Some critics will tell you a writer of Solomon's days. 'J he knowledge of Egypt, the Nile, crocodiles and Pyramids is only such as could be gained by extensive commerce with that country. The snow-capped hills, the mines and strange animals bespeak extensive dealings. Jlut the names are mainly Arabic, and the scenes are remote from later history. Job is the greatest of the children of the East, Utz is in Edom, Temitn in Arabia, Buz and Shuach in r-yriu. The families are all connected with Abraham, and we read of places known mainly in patriarchal times. Many will then tell you that the philosophy is deep and tallies with the Psulins of Asaph ; many passages resemble proverbs—in particular, the description of wisdom. The language is exalted and the verses are arranged in parallels. All this proves that it belong to the "wisdom" period. On the other hand, we find the question in the Psalms of Asaph, "Why the wicked are allowed to prosper,"broached alreadyin Genesisby Abrahumpleadingforthe Sodomites. Again, star-worship and ceremonial observances could hardly have been passed over in Solomon's days. To clinch the nrgument I appeal to you to find me any author who can so enter into the spirit of remote times or distant peoples as not to betray his own age or nationality. Can we glean so accurate a picture of the knight and pilgrim from Sir Walter Scott as from Chanar ? And I should prefer to gather my knowledge of , Eastern life from the Arabian Nights rather than from M oore'sLutla Itookh. Now we come to a very interesting topic. What is the book—is it a poem, drama, or philosophical work ? It is all three. It contains too much of sentiment to be a merely didac ic poem like the "Essay on Man;" too much of nature to be merely a drama. It leaves Shelley in the background in its vivid delineations of nature. The rugged rocks, among which we almost hear the echoes, the stormy sea, with the breakers ever dashing against the cliffs, the wild beasts roaming freely o'er the desert, the purling brook and the peaceful shepherd's life remind us strongly of the blind rhapsodist. It is " a Semitic ideal of a pnem," a true gem. Jewish art need not bo moulded by other art. It has not the perfection of /Eschylus, and yet the Pr'ometheus compared to Job is as calm and placid as moonlight is to bright invigorating sunlight. It is not genuine philosophy, for the Oriental never soughtfurthcr than God. All Nature's workings and accidents he ascribes directly to God, who speaks with tho voice of thunder, whose chariot is the winds and clouds, whose torch is the lightning, and whoso music is tho roaring of tho billows. It is a true drama, not with a regular plot, but like Goethe's dramas, it harps on tho feelings. Tho action is not in incident, but in feelings of tragic grandeur. When tho Human Soul is in agony, when it battles with itself, when the feelings are carried to tho highest pitch of interost, we have the subject for the grandest epic or drama. Rapid reverses, unexpected and unmerited, befall the hero; his oxen and camels aro stolen, his house is burned down, his children are killed, and he is afflicted with tho most loathsome disease, and yet, how does he bear it ? " God has given, God has taken," ho cries out, thus putting before us the grand lesson of resignation. His friends, Oriental chiefs, hearing of his misfortunes come to see him. With tho silent eloquence of Eastern mourning, they sit for seven days and nights without uttering a word, but looks spoke more than volumes. Then Job bursts out in passionate grief, ." Let tho day perish, in which I was born, and the night in which it was said a male child was born. Lot that night bo dork, let not God above sock it, lot not light shino out, let darkness and tho shadow of death stain it, let a cloud rest o'er it, lot tho heat of day terrify it. . . . For it had not shut up tho doors of my mother's womb, nor hid vexation from inino eyes. Why died I not from tho womb, why did I not give up tho ghost when I came forth 'I ... . For now should I have been at rest and quiet; I should have slept and been at rest with kings and counsellors of the earth who build perishable places. . . . Where tho wicked cease to trouble and the weary are at rest. . . . Why does he give tho weary light and life unto the bitter in soul, who long for death, but it cometh not, and dig for it moro than for hid treasures ?" Ho does not reproach God as unjust, Byron defies God and tolls him " His ovil is not good." His friends, Elephaz, a polished and refined gentleman, Bildad, a hasty but pithy speaker, and Zophar, a violent and coarse man, now attack him. They openly declare him impious. V.You havo sinned and aro punished, ounco for ounce have you weighed out to you tho desorved punishment, and you add rebellion and blame God." Many sufferings had ho undergone, but this was tho greatest of al1; his very friends havo turned agaiiiBt him, as the brook, swollen to excess in winter, and parched in summer, ever disappointing tho v eary travollor; they are falso, false. Ho meets thoir accusations now with a burst of indignation, now with an eloquent appeal to God, who rospecteth none, now with the pathetic story of his blameless lifo. His friends turn from him, ".Como back, come back!" he crioB; " Comfort nio, comfort mel" When innooonco is trodden down, when God is covered by a cloud, whence even a single ray of sunshine does not gleam out, can tho human being support himsolf by tho knowledge of his innocence? Job oil liisash mound, pointed at with tho finger of scorn, with a loathsomo discaso, " hated by ono ho loves, bravod by his brother, checked like a bondman," supported by his innocence, and ready to maintain it in tho face of tho whole world, is a noble picture. It iB tho typo ot manliness in adversity for alleges. Cer tain porfumes arc moBt fragrant when they aro burnt, certain llowers aro most beautiful when crushed under foot, and certain natures aro most to bd, admired when in adversity. Now wo havo a deep tragedy. Will tho hero, almost sunk into tho abyss of , despair, become a mocking infidol, or purified by the furnaoo of aflliction, will lie como out a contrite man ? The web iB more entangled. His frionds, stung by his biting sarcasm, become personal and bittor. Ho, however, no longer caught 011 tho spur of tho moment, speaks calmly. This shows us our author's deep insight into human character. Job, being accused by thorn of every conceivable wrong, foolB tho lack of sympathy. Had they shown a little confidence, ho would probably have acknowledged liis faults. Exasperated to defiance "the gusts of passion swoop to and fro across, his broast and ho pours himself out beautifully. Now flinging thorn from him in scorn, now turning indignantly to God, now praying for death, to bo hidden for a little time from disappointments, now in some mystic way afraid that lie may, after all, have sinned, and praying to be shown his fault, and then staggering back into; darkness, blaming Providence."' Throughout this outburst of sorrow we hear distinctly the cry, "I am inno cent, why do I suffer ?' His whole prop is his innocence. He challenges the Great Powers of above, he calls on the Great Judge himself: "0, would that I knew where to find Him, I came unto His throne. . . . ' Will He strive violently against me ? He will surely consider me I go to the East, He is not there, to the West I find him not. Doth He work in the North? I grasp Him not. He wraps Himself in the South, i so that I see Him not." Gradually we see a change wo iking within him. Theie is shaping itself in his heart a new Godhead, no longer Olympian Zens at whose nod and beck the whole world trembles, but a kind and benignant Father, having sympathy with suffering man. To Him he runs for refuge against his wo dd-be friends. " God hates flatterers." He knows his ' God,the living Redeemer The half-truths,mixtures of truth and fa!sehood,are powerless, but still he harps on his integrity and his old life is still attrac tive to him. Elilm now take3 up the parable, and shows him how to hear the silent voice of God, which ail those who have an ear can listen to, and those who have an eye can see. God speaks to man in dreams or by the silent voice of conscience, the monitor. When in the stillness of night in a momenta Louis XVI. is swept from the throne and killed by an ignorant rabble,there is the finger of God. Again,when tossed about on the bed of sick ness, man remembers God, Man is to be purified by suffering. Jobis convinced, and with a few half-muttered groan ings he acquiesces. Not like Prometheus of old, cast down below does be ever defy God, or war with his superior, but calmly and resolutely yields. To convince man of God's power, Ho appears in thunder and lightning, ■' and unfolds to him the whole government of the world in a string of matchless pictures. "The lion roaring, the hawlc soaring, the wild ass , spurning, the eagle roaming, horse snorting, peacock strutting, ostrich tossing, behemoth brooding and leviathan lashing the deep in laughter ' " at puny man's folly in peering into God's secrets, and believing he. can fathom them. The mystery cannot be revealed in this life. That God, who thus evidently regulates nature, should he powerless as Judge is a contradiction in terms. God's eye watches over us. God loves Job, when he showed the falsehood of the slanderer who said Job did not serve God in vain. The struggle is over, the battle is fought and won, and Job has come' out of the furnace purified. Rut we know more ; we have been let in behind the scenes. We have had a picture of God sitting surrounded by His court (in imitation of an early king), and the evil tendency in man to fall off has been whispering, in the shape of Satan, the suspicion that Job was not sincere, and thus Job's suffering was a trial. One act of repara tion remains ; Job is to be restored to his family, wealth and health. He is once again the manly, pious and upright man, never sinister and strait laced (for ho allows harmless banquets), with his shrew of a wife and children around him, and his words eagerly listened to by the multitudes--^ Thoughts and books aro the collected wisdom of the past, heirlooms7~~^T" passing down from father to son. But thoughts like these are"'ndt WiHenJ; ' i' in words of sand, but engraved in monuments of brass and iron.- 1 "i 