FOREIGN TELEGRAMS LONDON, August 2, 7.20 p.m. The wheat ex Lochinvar has sold at 37s per quarter, aud that by two ships ou the passage has bncn resold at 36s Gd. The wheat and flour afloat for the United Kingdom amounts to 2,020,000 quarters, and that for the coutiucut to 280,000 quarters. LONDON, August 2, 7.20 p.m. It is announced that a meeting will take place between Queen Victoria aud the Emperor of Germany at Baden on September 30. LONDON, August 2, 7.20 p.m. In tho House of Commons this even- ing. Hr. Labouchere, member for North- ampton, brought forward a motion affirm- ing'that an article in the Times charging the members of the Parnollite party with mendacity was a breach of the priveliges of tho House. Both Mr. Goschen and Mr. Gladstone opposed the motion, and it was withdrawn. LONDON, August 2, 7.20 p m. In the House of Lords to-day Lord Knutsford stated that he had reason to hope that the chief Dinizulu would sur- render, seeing that his followers were dispersing. LONDON, August 2, 7.20 p.m. Owing to the continued wet weather and tho consequent unfit state of the ground, the match botwoou the Australian Eleven and a team representing the South of England lias had to be post- poned. The South of England Eleven will not be exclusively confined to Southern cricketers. Among those who are to play aro Harel, Peel, and Pougher. With the exception of these the team is weak. LONDON, August 2, 7.20 p.m. The Goodwood Cup has been run, the following being the result : Eada. (I) Osrio . (2) Timothy .(3) LONDON, August 2, 7.20 p.m. One of the pillara of Seville Cathe- dral has collapsed causing serious damage to the famous bell tower. f Seville Cathedral is one of the finest and largest in Spain, and was completed in 1519. It is famous for its painted windows, and it also contains paintings by Murillo, Vargas, the Serreras, &c.; Attached to the Cathe dral is one of the most'remarkable towers in the world. It is called the Giralda (i.e. a weathercock in the shape of a statue), andris 350ft. high. The tower was built by the Moors in 1196, and was at first only 250ft. high, the additional 100 feet, consisting of the riob.filagree belf rey, being added in 1586. The pinnacle is crowned by a female figure in bronze, 14ft. high, and 2,8001bs. in weight, and which veers about with the slightest bréese. It is probably this tower to which our telegram refers.] LONDON, Aug. 3, 2.30 a.m. The amendment moved last night bj Mr. H. Labouchere to the Bili creating a Commission to investigate the Parnell letter scandal, and directing that the Commissioners should first of all enquire into the authenticity of the letters ascrib- ed to Mr. Parnell, was rejected ou a division this morning by a majority of 78. Mr. T. Healy's amendment, which proposed that the Commission should take each charge of which Mr. Parnell was accused separately, and report on each as a distinct matter, was then put to the Committee, but was rejected by a majority of 82. Mr. Parnell rising at the end, made the closing speech of the debate, and spoke with the greatest emotion and bitterness. He openly declared that while he would take part in tile en- quiry,, yet he could not help ap- proaching it with a rankling sense of the injustice of the wltulo pro- ceedings, aud of the means by which the measure was forced through in all its stages. He was still strong in the faith that the Home Rulo Party would emerge triumphant from the. ordeal. It was otherwise with the House of Commons.. In his opinion the traditions of fairness, and of equal rights, which had always been the property of that House; would be for ever tarnished in the opinion of right minded men. Mr. Parnell having concluded his re- marks, the third reading of tho bill, was moved, and agt'eed to by tho House with- out a division. LONDON, August 3, 2.30 a.m. It was reported on Monday that orders have been given to stop tho seizure of British sealing ships in Behring Straits. LONDON, August 3, ll a.m. It is announced that ia fifteen of tito districts of the Austrian Empiro, Anar- chists ff»U to deprived of trial by jury. The edict is to romain iu force for one year. LONDON, August 3, ll a.m. Tho prospectus of tho Wallerawang Coal Company has boon issued. LONDON, August 3, ll a.in. In answer to tho noto presented by the Italian Government M. Goblet, tho French Preinior, has admitted Italy's claim to Masowah. The position of tho Surrey Cricket Club is assured for this year, her eleven having won all the niue matches which they have played against the first class County teams. [In 1886, out of a total of sixteen matches Surrey won 12 and lost 3, the remaining one being a draw. At the close of the 1837 sea- son she had made 12 wins, 2 lossos, 2 draws. Her principal match during that season took place at Kennington Oval against Notts, on Angust let, 2nd, 3rd, on which days over 50,000 persons paid for admission. In this match Surrey won by 4 wickets ] LONDON, August 3. The Revd. Mr. Hunter, Presbyterian minister at Stornoway, states that he is unable to entertain Mrs. Campbell Crownes's scheme for assisting tho emi- gration of Scotch crofters until ho has been placed in possession of fuller details. [Mrs. Campbell Crowns is probably the Sydney lady mentioned in our issue of July 26, who offered to bear tho expense of trans- porting a thousand crofter families from the Island of Lewis to the colonies.] LONDON, August 3. A clerk named Grant has been sen- tenced to five years penal servitude for forging Mr. Barr Smith's signature on two letters of credit tor £200. LONDON, August 3. Dr. Moore, tho Roman Catholic Bishop of Ballarat, returns to Victoria in October. Ho has arranged to establish in the colony the orders of the Sisters of Nazareth, and the Fathers of tho Con- gregation of tli3 Holy Ghost. LONDON, August 3. The mutton per O.S.S. Liguria has sold at 4|d per lb. LONDON, August 3.' Mr. Edward Duncanson has been' elected a director pf the P. & Ö. Steam Navigation Company. 1,400 casks of Australasian tallow were offered'at auction today. Mutton tallow fetched 25s 6d per cwt. and beef 21s 6d. The tin market Temaius firm. Straits Tin is worth £88 5s per ton, and Austra- lian £89. Tho copper market is steady. Chili copper is quoted *et £81 10a. The pig iron market is dull. Scotch irou is fetching 44s. 9d. per ton. The sugar market is depressed, and few transactions are reported. German beetroot sugar is quoted at 14s. per cwt., and Java 6ugar at 12s. 6d. per cwt. The English wheat market is strong in tono aud prices retrain unchanged. The kontinental market is inactive aud the American market declining. Tho spot quotation at New York for No. 2 red winter wheat is 96 cents. Austra- lian wheat is quoted at 34s. per quarter. New Zealand long berried wheat is fetching 36s. 9d. For forward ship ineuts of Australian wheat buyers offer 35s. 6d. per quarter. L0ND6K, August 4. The money market is advancing con- tinuously owing to an expected early advance in the rates of discount. The Bank rate for discount on three months bills is 2£ per cent. The .bullion market is very firm. Bar gold is selling at £77 10s. LONDON, August 3rd, night. The match between the Australians and the South of England, which had to be postponed yesterday, in consequence of the heavy rain, was commenced to-day. The visitors went first to the wickets and at luncheon time had scored 9.9 runs for 7 wickets down. After luncheon, continuing, the remain- ing Australians ad le 1 .09 rans to the score, tho last u J 11 falling for 168 runs. Of this MacDonnell got top score with 36, L ons made 32, and Jarvis 23. The South jf England were easily dis- posed of, on going in ? for their first innings, their total only amounting to 53. Turner took 8 wickets of the Southerners for 13 runs. . Bsing 115 runs behind, tho South of England had te follow on, and at call of time had one wicket down for 6 runs. LONDON, August 5. A disastrous fire has occurred at a lodging house in the Bowory at New York. Before tho flames could be ex- tinguished eighteen persons were killed and several injured. An emption lias taken place at tho volcano of Stromboli in thc Lipari Is laads, and has caiuad enonnoiH damage. Tiie inhabitants aro in great distress. [The Lipari Islands are a group, twelve in number, in tho Mediterranean, belonging t > Italy. Their intense voloauic action iuaucod the ancient classical poets to localise in these islands the abode of the fiery god Vulcan honcc their auoiont name, Yulcaniae Insulas.} LONDON, August 5. It is believed that tho Chief Dinizulu has taken refuge in the Transvsd. LONDON, August 5th, 3.30 p.m. Freights for Sydney and Melbourne have advanced 5s. Tho Arawa has arrived at Plymouth. Tlie wheat ox Rydalmere has sold at 36s. per quarter. 3,700 kangaroo skins have been sold at full prices. 400 Australian salted hides have been disposed at finn rates, and 200 sides of loather have for the most part been sold at a reduction of a farthing. The sale of basils' is slow, and the market re- mains unchanged. LONDON, August 5. An Italian newspaper, the Reforma, states that Zulla has been annexed by the Italian Government at tho urgent request of tho natives. LATER, j Italy has formally notified to the foreign powers that the Italian flag has j been hoisted at Zulla. LONDON, August 5, 3.30 p.m. The report that the Queen will visit Baden in October, when an interview will take -place between Her Majesty and tho Emperor of Gerinauy, is now officially confirmed. LONDON, August 5, 3 30 p.m. It is reported that Lord Carington, Governor of New South Wales, has in timatïd his desire to resign his position before the end of tho year. [Lord Carrington assumed office on Dec 12,1885, and the colony has had few more popular Governors.] LONDON, August 5, 3.30 p.m. Seven hundred lot« of Karri were offered for salo yesterday, but the assort- ment was a poor oae, and tho greater part of it was withdrawn. LONDON, August 5,12-30 p.m. In their second innings the South of England men were disposed of for a total of 88 runs. Turner's bowling was mag. nificent, and his opponents found it al- most unplayable. Ho took no less than 9 wickets for 37 runs.. The Australians thorefore remain the victors by ono innings and 27 runs. LONDON, August 5, 3-30 p.m. A meeting of person interested in the Etheridge mines North Queensland has boen held, at which it was resolved to amalgamate all the mines under one pro- prietory. LONDON, August 5, 3 30 p.m. Germany has assumed tho protectorate of Pleasant Island, ono of the Marshall group in the North Pacific Ocean. LONDON, August 5, 3 30 p.m. Mr. Raikes, Postmaster General has replied to Sir Graham. Berry's protest respecting the departure of the mails for Australia. He states that the Govern- ment are unable to alter the decision which they have already arrived at, and he hopes that the Agents-General will endeavour to induce tho colonies to ac- cept the situation. LONDON, August 5, 3-30 p.m. The law Committee of the House of Commons has recommended the cancel- lation of the Colonial Stock Trustees Bill, a measure enabling trustees in the United Kingdom to'invest trust funds in colonial securities. ! LONDON, August 5, 3-30 p.tm The official report of the proceedings at thc Pan-Anglican Conference has been published. With regard to the question of divorce the conference has resolved that tho Church will not recognise divorce un- less it has been caused through adultery, and that it will refuse to re-marry those who having been guilty of adultery, have been divorced. It lias also been decided that polygamists shall not be allowed to participate in tho rite of baptism. A committee of the Conference reported favourably upon giving colonial primates tho title of Archbishop, but the question still remains undecided. LONDON, August 6. Dr. Stubbs, Bishop of Chester, has been translated to Oxford, in place of Dr. Mackarness, who has resigned his seo on account of ill-health. The Xford Deutsche declares that the document published by the Nouvelle Revue, purporting to bo Prince Bis- marck's report on the Battenberg Mar- riage question, is a forgery. Admiral Tryon in H.M.S Calypso bas succeeded in eluding tho blockading fleit, protecting the coasts of the United Kingdom, nd has «api med Oban. Another do tac hm iwt of the hostile fleet has bom- barded Greenock and Campbelltown, and claims to have destroyed tho shipping. LONDON, Aug 6. It is rumoured that Dr. Barry, the Bishop of Sydney, will succeed Dr. Stubbs in tho see of Chester. Tho match Australians v. Kent com- menced today. Tho Australians won tba toss and took thc first innings, scoring a total of HG runs. The following aro some of the principal scores : Jones (not out) 24, McDonnell 23, Trott 18, Ed- wards 18. In their first Urnings tho Kout men made 107 runs. Turner took 4 wickets for 41 mus, Ferris, 5 for 44, and Wor rall 1 for 14. lu their second innings the Australians so far have scored six with tho loss of no wickets. London, August 9. The deatli is announced at the age of 57 of General Shoridau, a well-known commander on tho Union side in tho war between the Northern and Southern States of America. At tho time of his death he was in command of the Western and South-Western Military Divisions of the United States. LONDON, August 7. In the United States Senate, Senator Blair has introduced a resolution advo- cating tho expediency of entering into negotiations with England for a political union between Canada and the United States. The Local Government Bill has passed through Committee in tho House of Lords. In the House of Commons last night Sir Jas. Ferguson, Uuder-Secretary for Foreign Affairs, stated that he had no hope that the French would ro-admit the Revd. Mr. Jones to the Friendly Islands. Nothing had been proved against him affecting his character, and ho (tho speaker) believed that he had conducted himself in a chrislian.like manner, and that his work was meritorious. In aus wer to a question from Dr "Tan- ner, M.P. for G=>rk, in the House of Commons last, night, Baron H. »De Worms, Under-Secretary for tho Colo- nies, said that the Colonial Office Iud received no protest from Victoria respect- ing pauper emigration. The blockade of the ports along tho coasts of the United Kingdom, has been raised, and Admiral Tryon's Cruisers are harrvjner merchaut vessels. LONDON, Aug. 7, 2.30 p.m. Tho match Australians ». Kent was resumed to-day, the Australians continu- ing their second innings. At lunch time they had scored 95 runs with the loss of fire wickets. Tito Australians have concluded their second innings, having scored 152 runs. Bonuer, who played vigorously, making some big " slogs " scored 43. Edwards playing slow and cautiously, put together 33, Trott 22, and Lyons' (net out) 22. In their second innings the Kent men have made 65 runs with the loss of soveu wickets, thus leaving them with 97 runs to make before they are even with their .opponents. Loudon, August 7, 8 p.m. 14,000 quarters of wheat to arrive have beau 6old at 35s 6d per quarter. Londou, Aug. 7, 8 p.m. In the House of Commons on Thurs- day, Sir George Campbell, Member for Kircaldy Burghs, will ask Baron H. de Worms, Under-secretary for the colonies, whether Sir Henry Parkes ¡admitted acting illegally in excluding Chinese from New South Wales, and whether he also stated that he was determined to exclude them dospite the Imperial Go- vernment. Sir George Campbell will also ask whether Lord Carrington has assentod|to the Bill granting an indemnity to the New South Wales Government for its j illegal action, and whether the Chinese Exclusion Bill introduced by the N.S.W. Ministry was in accordance with the pro- visions of the British treaties with China. 