AT THE CATHEDRAL. AN IMPOSING PAGEANT. THE ARCHBISHOP OP MELBOURNE'S DISCOTTESE. Not even at the opening ceremonies did so many people, assemble in St. Mary's Cathedral as on Sunday morning last, when the first initiatory religious service of the Centenary was held, and the Synod of the bishops of the Province of. Sydney formally opened. Long before 11 o'clock every inch in the great building was occupied, and hundreds who arrived late could not get in side the doors. The congregation numbered fully 5000, and it included many non-Catholics. Sir Patrick Jennings and his Honor Judge Faucett occupied places inside the sanctuary, and several distinguished gentlemen were in the front benches. Excellent taste was shown in the decoration of the sanctuary, the draperies and the floral and fern adornments being very chaste besides being effective. Festoona were hung between the arches of the sanctuary, and the pulpit wati wreathed with bright green. At the appointed hour his Grace the Most Rev. Dr. Reynolds, Archbishop of Adelaide, who was to pontificate at the High Mass 5 the Right Rev. Monsignor Ri^ney, As sistant Priest ; Father J. J. Byrne, and Father E. F. O'Connor, the ministers of the Mass, with attendant acolytes entered the Cathedral from the sacristy and ascended the steps of the sanc tuary. Almost simultaneously a larger and grander procession heralded by a burst of music entered the eastern door. It was a long and solemn pageant. There were red-robed altar boys, secular priests, Jesuits, Benedictines, Marists, Vincen tians, Missionaries of tho Sacred Heart, Passionists, and Franciscans, the two latter walking in their habits, and then the stately train of two Arch bishops and seven bishops in their rich purple and ruative, and the Cardinal- Archbishop attired in full state, and attended by his train-bearers. As the priests and dignitaries entered the sanc tuary they weie conducted to the respective places by the Very Eev. Dr. O'Haran, and the Eev. P. V. Dwyer (of West Maitland), the masters of ceremonies. His Eminence presided at the throne, attended by tho Venerable Archpriest Sheehy and the Very Bev. Dean M'Carthy. At either aide of the sanctuary were seated his Grace the Most Eev. Dr. Carr, Archbishop of Melbourne ; hi3 Grace the Most Eev. Dr. Dunne, Arch bishop of Brisbane ; his Lordship the Eight Eev. Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland ; his Lordship the Eight Eev. Dr. Lanigan, Bi-. shop of Goulburn ; his Lordship the Eight Eev. . Dr. Torreggiani, Bishop of Armidale ; his Lord ship the Bight Eev. Dr. Byrne, Bishop of Bathurst ; his Lordship the Eight Eev. Dr. Dunne, Bishop of Wilcannia ; his Lordship the Eight Eev. Dr. Doyle, Bishop of Graf ton ; his Lordship the Eight Eev. Dr. Corbett, Bishop of Sale, Victoria ; and the Eight Eev. Dr. O'Eeilly, Bishop-elect of Port Augusta, South Australia. Besides the prelates and officiating priests there were present : — the Very Eev. Alphonsus O'Neill, Superior of the Passionists ; the Very Eev. P. Slattery, Superior of the Franciscans; Very Eev. Dean O'Donovan (Mudgee) ; Very Eev. M. O'Callaghan, Superior of the Vincen tiansjVery Eev. D. Clancy, S.J, rector of St. Aloysius' College ; Very Eev. Dean Hanley, Very .Eev. J. Cahill, S. J. (Melbourne) ; Very Rev. P. Lo Kennetel, S.M. ; Eev. Fathers Coffey, J. O'Eeilly (Brisbane), M'Connon, P. Eyan, H. M. Finnegan, J. Tierney, M.S.H. ; Marcellus Wright, O.P. ; Coleman Noonan, O.P. ; P. Keat ing, S.J. ; Barlow, Long, Kennedy, O.S.F. ; Fitz gerald, O.S.F.; Gaynor, O.S.F.; Coue, S.M. ; Tressalet, S.M. ; P. Corcoran (Morpeth), A. J. Walsh (Goulburn), O'Dwyer (Samoa), Glasheen, O'Callaghan, J. P. Fitzpatrick, M'DonneH, M'Guinness, and M. E. O'Brien. The picture was a remarkably grand one as the prelates and ministers of the mass in their ' manifold raiment of silver and of gold,' stood or sat picturesquely grouped on the sanctuary, the glory of light from the magnificent stained window at the rear of the High Altar, the lustrous beauty of the altar itself, and the rich harmony of the draperies and festoons on each -pillar and in each arch adding to the splendid effect. It ?was a scene with its surroundings strikingly suggestive of a great Cathedral spectacle of mediceval times, when the Cardinal in his flashing robes was a prince in every sense in pomp and power alike. The music was worthy of the occasion. By the Cardinal's request Mr. J. A. Delany's beautiful new Mass, given for the first time on Christmas Day, was repeated. On Sunday Mr. Delany, who con ducted as in the first instance, had the advantage of the assistance of many members of the various city and suburban churches, and with a chorus of 100 voices a very fine orchestra of strings and reeds, and Mrs. F. J. Eiley, Madame Merz, Miss Stafford, Mr. P. Barrett, and Mr. D. Clancy as principles, something very near absolute com pleteness in regard to performance was attained. With the splendid fulness of the chorus the tutti parts of the Mass wore much more affec tive than on Christmas Day, the Gloria and Credo being specially well rendered, while the de licacy and grace of the latter portions were more perfectly revealed. At the Offertory Mr. Barrett, the leading tenor, sang brilliantly the famous Justorum Animae, with orchestral accompani ment. As usual, Mr. T. P. Banks, the Cathedral organist, did great work at the organ, his aid to the singers throughout the mass being invalu able. His Grace the Archbishop of Melbourne was the preacher. Archbishop Care's Discourse. His Grace announced his text as follows : — ' And Jesus coming spoke to them, saying : All power is given to ma in heaven and in earth. Going, therefore, teach ye all nations ; baptizing them in the name of the father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost ; teachiuR them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you ; and behold I am with you all days, even to the con summation of the world.'— St. Matt., xxviii., 18-20 vv. Never in the history of any of the colonies have three events of such magnitude and of such his torical interest been crowded into one week as those three which shall fill our thoughts and gladden our hearts during the course of this week. We shall celebrate the Centenary of the civil and political birth of this colony. We shall com memorate the establishment of the Catholic Church in Australia, and we shall witness the celebration of a provincial synod called together mainly for the purpose of promulgating the decrees of a national or plenary council. To add to the social and spiritual joy of the occasion these events follow quickly on the jubilee celebra tions connected with the reign and the priest hood of our supreme temporal and spiritual ruler. THE CHURCH AND THE CENTENARY. The great and imposing assembly which I address is well worthy of the occasion — an as sembly composed of the faithful people in such vast numbers, of the clery, regular, and secular whose numbers, great as they are, would be sub stantially swelled if the obligations of the Sunday did not detain so many others in their respective missions ; of bishops come together from every part of this island continent ; of four archbishops representing the ecclesiastical provinces inho which Australasia is already distributed, pre sided over by a prince of the Church, clothed in the robes of his august office, and adding dignity and giving unity to this harmonious whole, and finally con vened in this cathedral which, though not yet finished, still by its position, by its proportions, and by the promise of further speedy elevation, is so significant an index of the steady and stately advance made by the Catholic Church in Aus Btralia within the narrow space of 100 years. In the important events which we couimemorate in the history of colonial religious or secular life during the last century, and in the celebrations in which we are to take part, or of which we are i witnesses, a variety of topics might be found to engage your attention or to quicken your grati tude towards the Giver of all good gifts for the blessings, spiritual and temporal, which he has bestowed and continues to bestow on this favoured lani. But the temporal interest and material progress of this mother colony will be more appropriately considered in other places, and by other speakers, in the course of the week. Our present purpose is to deal with the establishment of the Catholic Church in this colony, and with the latest development of its action in the convo cation of this Provincial Synod, at whose solemn opening we are now assisting. THE MISSION AND PROGRESS OP THE CHURCH. But the words of the text which I have chosen, and which contain the solemn and momentous commission given by Christ to His apostles and to their successors, on the eve of His ascension to the right hand of His Father, remind me that the establishment of the Church in Australia, and the holding of this Provincial Synod, are the direct outcome of that commission, and suggest that instead of considering one or other of its isolated effect, I should rather trace them to their cause, and direct your attentiou to the nature and scope of the Mission of the Church of Christ on earth, from which Mission this particular Church of the colonies, like a fair daughter from a fruitful mother, has sprung. The Mission of the Church of Christ on earth is twofold : 1st. to preserve and to propagate the truths of faith, and 2nd to promote purity of inarals. Christ came on earth to reveal and to bear witness to the truth. ' For this cause,' he said before Pilate, ' was I born, and for this came I into the world, that I should give testimony to the truth.' Pilate said to him, ' What is truth ? ' We may answer, truth is the revelation of God made known to us through our Lord Jesus Christ. Faith, therefore, is the first condition of salvation — faith in His divinity, faith in Hi3 mission, faith in His doc trine, faith which begets fidelity to His com mands. ' Without faith it is impossible to please God.' Christ's witness t© the truth did not end with His death, for ' He is the faithful witness, the first begotten of the dead.' He is a priest for ever according to the order of Mel chisadech. To perpetuate his testimony and his priesthood, He established His Church on earth. He chose His apostles and made them it's first rulers. 'You have not chosen me, but I have chosen you, and have appointed you that you should go, and should bring forth fruit, and your fruit should remain.' He made Peter prince of the Apostles and head of His Church. 'Thou art Peter and on this rock I will build my Church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it.' He prayed for Peter with an effica cious prayer that his faith should not fail, and that he being converted should confirm his brethren. To Peter He gave charge both of the lambs and the sheep, that is, the people and the pastors of His flock. ' Feed my lambs, feed my sheep.' ArOSTOLIC SUCCESSION. To the ruler3 of His Church so constituted, He communicated a participation in the authority, in the power, and in the right to teach, which He Himself had received from His Father. ' As the Father sent me so also I send you.' ' All power is given to me in heaven and on earth.' ' Go ye into the whole world and preach the Gospel to every creature. He that belie veth and is baptized shall be saved, but he that believeth not shall be condemned.' But not to the Apostles alone was given this command with the correlative obliga tion on the part of the nations of receiving their testimony, but to their successors also to the end of time. 'And behold I am with you all days, even to the consumma tion of the world.' ' And I will ask the Father, and He shall give you another Para clete that he may abide with you for ever.' This Christ promised, that He Himself would always abide in His Church, and that the Holy Spirit should teach it all truth, and never permit it to fall into error. His mission and His testimony would have been fruitless if His representative and His living witness failed to teach the truth to the end of time. His honour, His truth, His glory and His love were bound up with His Church. He espoused her to Himself and set His union with her as the lasting model of the union that should subsist between husband and wife. He made her His mystic body, and reminded us by the Apostle that ' no man ever hated his own flesh, but nourisheth and cherisheth, as also Christ doth the Church.' He identified Himself with His Church, declaring that ' he that heareth you heareth me, and he that despiseth you de spiseth me.' And when Saul persecuted the Church He said to him, ' Saul, why persecutest thou me ? ' With this organizetion, with these supernatural powers, with this indwelling presence, with this im munity from error, with this commission to teach all nations, He sent forth His Church to be witness to him in Jerusalem and in all Judea and Samaria, and even to the uttermost parts of the earth. HAS THE CHURCH FAILED IN HER MISSION. But it has been urged that the Church has failed, or at least partially failed, in her mission. All nations were given to her for her inheritance, and all hearts for their purification. It was to her was spoken by the prophet : — ' Fear not for I am with thee : I will bring thy seed from the east, and gather thee from the west. I wiil say to the north : Give up, and to the south : Keep not back, bring my sons from afar, and my daughters from the ends of the earth.' Isa 49—6. Still it is said, look at the nations on whom the light of Gospel has as yet but dimly shone. Consider that eighteen hundred years had passed before Australia heard the voice of the Church. Look to the lives of the multitudes who, though they believe the Gospel, do not live according to the Gospel. These are stern and sad realities. But they contain no proof of the failure of the Mission of Christ's Church on earth. The world had to wait 4000 years for His coming, and when He came unto His own, His own received Him not. This seeming failure, instead of being opposed to His promises, is rather in fulfiltnent of His prophecy. 'Many,' He said, ftaro called but few are chosen.' The propagation of the Church was to bo as the mustard-seed, slow, but steady of growth. As it grew up, branches that were once instinct with life and sap were to wither and decay and then to be lopped off. Though He has given His Church the clearest credentials of her divine mission in her unity, sanctity, Catholicity, and apoBtolicity, and the most abundant means of sanctifying her children, still he has left to man the awful power of free will. Individuals and nations may fold their arms and close their eyes to the evidence of her authority — they may reject her teaching as the Jews rejected the teaching of Christ, or they may separate them selves from her Communion as did those disciples who went back and walked no more with Jesus ; to borrow the beautiful thought of a great French writer, like the Arabs from the desert, they may steal a few stones from the immortal pyramid and disappear in. the wilderness, or holding the true faith many may lead lives in direct opposition to their belief. THE EXTENSION OF CATHOLICITY.. First came three centuries of persecution, dur ing which the blood of martyrs was sowing and spreading the seed of tho Church. Then came peace under Constantine, and with peace external splendid and rapid progress throughout the limits of the Eoman Empire. Then again a period of trial and of reconstruction. The rude and lawless ho3t3 that poured down on Italy and broke up the Empire, after an obstinate struggle, sub mitted to the yoke of Christ and to the authority of His Church. Gradually the empire of the Church was extended through alt the nations of Europe. And as one Columbus or another ' pierced the night of ages' and discovered new land, the Church hastened, in the face of every obstacle, to raise the Cross and preach the Gospel and set the captive free. Amongst her latest con quests may be reckoned this fair land of ours. SUCCESS IN AUSTRALIA. With what success she has laboured here let the strong faith and splendid union of our Catho lic people ; let the perfected Hierarchy of the colo nial Church ; let the ever-increasing number of priests and religious communities j let the Cathe dral churches and countless quiet country chapels ; let the Catholic schools maintained for conscience' sake at great personal sacrifices ; let the numerous pious confraternities of men and women spread through every diocese ; let, in a word, this vast assemblage of bishops, priest3, and faithful people tell. INFLUENCE ON SOCIAL MORALS. Again my brethren, it is the mission of the Church of Christ on earth to promote purity of morals. Supernatural faith is the root from which supernatural virtue springs. Faith is the foundation on which morality must rest. The great centres of morality are the family home and the Christian school. Let us take these, then, as an illustration of the moral action of the Church on society. When nations are falling away from their primitive simplicity and virtue, when society is becoming corrupt, when the impious tenets of secret societies are gaining an ascendent, when individuals seek unrestrained sensual licence, efforts are made to loosen the bond of marriage which preserves family life. The family is the unit of society, and if the tamily life becomes depraved as it must be depraved by divorce, then society will become corrupt. It is for this reason that all through the Middle Ages, as well as in later times, the Popes have been the unfailing defenders and upholders of the unity and indissolubility of marriage. They have upheld its sacred and sacramental character, its unity and its indissolubility, not only against private passions, but also against kingly lusts and political intrigues. Witness the ontosts of Nicholas I. with Lothair II., of Gregory V. with King Eobert of France, of Urban II. and Paschal II, with King Philip, another French King, of In nocent III. with Philip Augustus, and against the King of Leon, of Clement VII. with Henry VIIL, and of Pius VII. with Napoleon and his brother Jerome Bonaparte. In the same spirit, and with the same fortitude, the present Pontiff has vindi cated tho sacredne&'a and the indissolubility of the marriage bond. THE CHRISTIAN SCHOOLS. I need not dwell on the action of the Church in regard to the Christian school. If there be one thought more than another which she constantly keeps before the minds of her children, it is that instruction without religion is not education— that education embraces the formation and direc tion of the will as much, nay more, than the en lightment of the mind — that its scope is not limited to the few years of a perishable life, but extends to the boundless ocean of eternity. She remembers that if a child should speak with the tongues of men and angels, and should have pro phecy, and should know all the emptiness of nature and all human knowledge, but not know and serve and love God, that child is become in God's sight as sounding brass or a tink ling cymbal. She remembers the word of Him who said, ' What will it profit a man to gain the whole world, and suffer the loss of his own soul ?' She knows that want of religious instruction in the school leads to loss of lively faith, and to subsequent corruption of morals. For how shall the children call on Him in whom they have not believed, or how shall they believe him of whom they have not heard, and how shall they hear without a moral guide ? For this rea son throughout Europe, in America, as well as here in Australia, the Church rejects every system of Godless education. For this reason Catholic parents make great sacrifices, to secure for their children a system of education of which religion is the basis and the crown. A rEAYER TO HEAVEN. Let us ask the Father of lights and the Giver of all good gifts, that He may continue efficaciously to guide, to aid, and to extend the kingdom of His Church in this colony and throughout Aus tralia, that He may bless the labours and the de liberations of this Provincia.1 Synod, and that in the new century on which it has entered, He may give to this mother colony with a continuance of earthly blessings those supernatural gifts which bless a people and exalc a nation. Now to Him who is able to do all things more abundantly than we desire or understand, according to the power that worketh in us, to Him be glory in the Church, and in Jesus Christ, unto all generations, world without end. Amen. The distinguished preacher having concluded, the Papal Blessing was pronounced by the Car dinal, an3 then, to the strains of a noble march, priests, prelates, and Prince of the Church, leaving the sanctuary, proceeded out through the eastern entrance. The Provincial Synod, of which the High Mass was the opening (and it may be remarked that the customary opening prayers were read), has been continued during the week, and it will close on Sunday morning, when a grand Pontifical High Mass will be sung, and his Eminence the Cardinal will deliver a discourse on the progress of the Church in Australia. 