, H I S S E C O N D W I F E . , 1 BY CAROLINE CONRAD. :o: ^ J ' .. T. .. •. . „ = Darnel Dutton <vas: a widower and well- ! to-do. He bad one child, a little boy, Ezra. 1 •ne of those precocious youngsters styled by i : heir victims imps. _ He had also two sisters in law ; one, Mik i Arabella Tagget of ripe age, the other, a j widow, Mrs. Eliza Stork. He also had a i pretty nuree-maid for Ezra, known as Ann 1 ^ , , . , .. . [ Mr. Dutton boarded with the family from f hich his deceased wife had sprung, and his I wo sisters in-law yied with each other in I t-nder assiduities to the bereaved man. It I was most touching, too, to witness their { devotion to his. orphaned child, who i responded to their endearments by exclaim- i i. . . . . ,r .. . . i •Oh, bosh 1 Ann Mary says it amt me, 1 Out pa you're after.' f The week before Christmas Daniel i Dutton was writing a' letter to a friend 1 j -vMch contained the following sen. " I iance: I " My beloved wife, as you know, departed this 1 life on Christmas Eve a'year ago. She often 1 promised me before her death that if the dead I conld return to earth, she would come back and I reveal herself to me, in exactly one year from i 'Sat.time. The year expire neit Thursday, ii Christmas Eva, and, T thonglrl tliZiri am not • asupersti- V 1^ - c emotion n Zto Tthat ^ Lday 1 ™on ^which ?' ™ ™ my precious "».«»» Matilda — promised,if the dead conld come back, to appear to nje. lam thinking, in my loneliness, of marrying agrin. What if my dear lost angel should gladden my sool with her approval-of my intention, and perhaps even direct my choice.' 1 Thus far Mr.- Dutton had proceeded, when he was called- away for half an hour, and left his unfinished letter lying on the table. A few minutes after Miss Arabella, passing the open door, saw the letter, and glancing hurriedly, round, slipped into the room, and up to the table, muttering to herself : "I juBt want to see if he is writing to a woman." As Miss Arabella went in some one else stole out at an opposite door. It was Eliza 1 fitoA. _ (^ ^binte of :manying again, does he?" '« ,,,^,tt ' ,,, P d Mt8 ' Stork, With a satisfied *** - ^ y face in the ' " •'.Qh. dear me," Sighed Arabella, " I hope he'll 'chbose me; Eliza has had one hueband." The day before Christmas came ; and :though Daniel Dutton was not a spiritualist. lie resolved for once to attend a " seance," S jut tQ tee what would happen. £ Something did happen in the " seance." A dirty scrap of paper was presently presented to him by one of the "mediums." who called it a " communication from his deceased wife. The "communication" purported to come deceased Matilda, who promised to finnp.ar appear fcn to him mm as agreed screen upon, unnn. that rhaf. night, ni<rVit if it could possibly be done. He was to keep awake and watch for her, till morning if need be. Daniel Dutton went home In a state of mingled awe and curiosity impossible to describe. The evening passed without any Ei»n. though he spent it alone in his room, and without a light, according to orJers. AT eleven o'clock he thonght he might as well retire to his bed and watch there. He was juit slipping between the sheets, when a faint sound like a "spirit rap" came from the next room. Is it a spirit?" he asked, solemnly, " No. pa ; it aint. " It's me," little Bj,ia answered. " I'm looking to see if anytbing's in my stocking, and they aint—not yet." Somewhat disgusted,Mr. Dutton crept into bed and proposed to watch. But though the spirit was willins, tho flesh was weak. Daniel Dutton was presently sleeping as soundly as if he had never heard of a ghost. It must have been about midnight that he was awakened by a hollow and unearthly voice,saying. " Daniel 1—Daniel!—Daniel!" three times, with a long pause between each time, and in the most solemn and awful accents. s denly. It was a great satisfaction, of course, tG have his dear departed Matilda come back: but a ghost was a ghost, for all that. " Daniel 1—Daniel! — Daniel'" the voice said again. Daniel's dry lips unclosed at last, and from between his chattering teeth came the words: " Who calls me ?" "I—am—Matilda—your—wife !" returned the voice, in a monotone more solemn and measured than that of the ghost in Hamelet. " You are thinking of marrying; again, Daniel. Let it be my sister Eliza. She will be a good mother to my child. Promise me I" Daniel Dutton suppressed a groan, and remained silent. '.' Promise!" the voice repeated. And then a tall, white figure glided from somewhere near the foot of the bed, and slowly approached him. 4 1 1 promise," the appalled man cried, and the figure retreated majestically, uttering, in sepulchral tones, the word, " Remember," as it vanished in the direction of the door- | Wa &niel; Dlltton lay quite still when it had • one> He did not dare to get up- He t scarcely stirred, but in his heart he was i saying :. " That dreadful Eliza Stork 1 It's J too bad if Matilda's going to order me round now she's dead, just the same as she did when she was alive," or words to the same j eff ® ct * . , , _ , , , , E Ten minutes passed. Suddenly he heard { his name pronounced again. This time the -„„ „„„ m„ffl Qj ot,j f, voice sounded muffled and far away, as if it came from some region beneath him. " Daniel Dutton," it said, " awake and hear me. That was a lying spirit that jnst talked with you, and not the spirit of jour wif- Matilda. I am she. I am not permitted to appear to you." (Daniel thanked Heaven for that) " but I am allowed to warn you. You must not marry Eliza Stork. She ha<= already worried one man out of the world. If you give my child her for a mother I shall not be able to lie quiet in my grave." "I never will. I'm -o glad you don't like her, Matilda," quavered Daniel, in an awe-struck whisper. " I hate her myself." "It is well," the vcice {went on. "My sister, Arabella, will make you a far better wife. Marry her, and be happy." Dead silence followed. I hate Arabella worse than I . do Eliza, if possible " thought poor Daniel, ^thh,shea;1 under the bedclothes. » Mebbe tbu is a 1 s P mt ' to °- 1 m sure 1 ho P, e so ' Ag Arabella stole into her own chamber.r> teU, ghostiy figure. all in white rose up fron. be?ide her bed. Arabella shut the door, and sank upon .1 chair with a hvsterical giggle. " How dare you call me a lying spirit?'' [ said Eliza Stork. Arabella tittered apain. ' Ton shan't have him ?" cried Mrs Pm-':. f liftin " her arm ' dramatically. -' I'U tell hn:: ! lfc ™\ y ° U w l'7 e - V0 ," n" 6 ' , , .„„• If you do, said Arabella, raimly. "I'll r » ° ther as jou with a white sheet round you." Mis. Stork reflected. "Take him," she said, then, savagely, and went When out the of the two room. ladies entered the room on.the following morning D.iniel Dutton was already there, lookine pnle and wor ried, and as if he had not slept much, nn little Ezra sat in the deep window s r nt no 1 bim. solemnly unpacking a very well filiec stocking; and Ann Mary stood by with h'-: black eyes downcast as usual, and her cheeks, which were generally as red as ChristmK? v apples, very white. g As the sisters entered she hastily conccaled 3 handsome ring she was holding. "I meant to marry you," Daniel Dultnn had , t been savin to her> <iiBCi>nB,1iatclv. l u t0 distraction, and I hal* Arahel]a B„t ;t-s a soieran thine when the dead -ome back and speak to us. and I dare not m aTlvbodv but Arabella now." Ueverhad ArabellaTa?getlookedsoan2iilar and uel to him as she did tl-.is morning, in contrast to pretty Ann Mary, with her lone, soft curls falling about her shoulders. ArabelJa ^ simperine forward, Young Ezra looked up, with his mouth so Btuged with candy he could scarcely speak, ,t pa ] " he cried, " I lay awake a TIC watche'd for Santa Clans last night, and I saw I)inl 1 had a white sheet around him.and jj6 w : entlnto your room first, and he went into Aunt Liza's." Mre stork shuddered. « Aunt Arabella was watching for h i m. too r ^ ^ .Wasn't that what you was under pa", bed for? " hp asked Arabella, who glared a him like a stone Medusa. " And what madt you say you was pa's wife ? " the precocious. y° uth went on. " It's wicked to tell lies." Ann Mary laughed. Daniel Dutton stared "What is the darling child talking about ?' Arabella managed to say at last, « /know" Daniel Dutton exclaimed, hii rfoomy countenancebriEhtening to April sun. * °hine shine a11 an at once. "Ann Aim Marv, come here Ladies," to his amiable sisters-in-law, " , ait about to marry again. I have chosen thii young lady to succeed your dear. dc-parte< sister in my home and heart." " That hussey 1 " shrieked Arabella. "Don't be-a fool, Arabella," whispprc- Eliza Stork, and went up to Ann Mary ar shook hands with her. " Let's have breakfast," cried Daniel Du ton, tucking his betrothed under his arm. an. leading her to the table. The others followed,all but Ezra, at whot Arabella 6hot a vindictive glance as she sai down. "I hope yon may choke on that candy young man," she thought. But he didn't. 