SELECT POETRY. HUNGRY SCHOLARS. [It has been fonnd by personal inquiry tliit throughout the East eeren per cent, of all the School Board children go to school each morning without breakfast; and that thirteen per cent never have sofficioit food. At onr Free Day Sdiools«reire giving COO liot breakfasts daily, and 400 hot dinners four times a, week—Ed- " Kight and Day* London.] Do yon hear the tremulous voice ? ("Tis tiie hour for parsing and grammar). " Thou," a pronoun ; " lorest," a verb ; " Me," a noun—then a little stammer— An outstretched hand—then a blow comes stinging— A ghost of a eob—then, "Go toyourseat! Ah ! the sob is borne up, blindly winging Its sure strong way to tiie Master's feet. Do you hear the dear, calm voice * "~Xow take the pointer and show Where Delhi and Benares lie, And how the Ganges' waters go." She grasped it with wasted fingers, And wavered ocer the map ; " You most find the (dace, quicker, my girl Then there fell on her knuckles a tap. Do you hear the tear-filled voice ! " Please, I've forgot die date;" Tlien you "11 stay and copy this history page For an hour on your slate !" Poor child, poor child, the fast tears fall; For that morning mother had said. As she sent her breakfastless off to school, " In the afternoon well get bread." Oh, men, have yon human hearts » Or must you obey " the Board "f Must these poor innocents' purried brains With history pages be stored ? Must they tell when the Kormans came. Or who was King Henry s sixth wife ; When they could teach us the history well Of a household's struggle for life ! They have travelled In Arctic awn, Although but of tender years ; With fnnen feet, and icebergs around. The}' have sailed o'er rivera of tears. They have stumbled on high, hard hills, Been scorched in the deserts glare— [we, Ah, they know far more geography far than For their teacher was Giant Despair! Tell them something thatis worth tjie know- Out of the Master's book— [ing The love of Christ for the children of earth, Whom to His bosom He took. Make the dead parsing live— " Thou lovest me"—that is right! If you know " proportion," give Hither die gold or the mite. If yoc only bring what yon can To this listening multitude— Child and woman and man— Of kindly-offered food; Tour gifts will crow in the Master's hand, Beyond TOOT thoughts and wishes, wishes. (Even in this needy and hungry land) like the little lad's loaves and fishes. Umax. 