OUR CHRISTMAS PAGE. THE OLD SECRETAIRE. A Christmas Story. (BY FRED. M. WHITE.) THERE had been a Secretan at Woodside Manor for three hun- dred years, from the time of Nor- man Secretan, the Catholic, down to that of Myles Secretan, the present re- presentative of the race, who thought as a man of the world of the family dignity, and scoffed openly at the family ghost. A wing of the great house, now fallen partly into disuse, contained the Haunted Chamber, a wing which Myles Secretan vowed to have restored to its pristine glory some day when the fortunes of Woodside should mend ; for, three genera- tions of wild Secretans—Walter, with a taste for gambling ; Arundel, friend and boon-companion of Edgar Warren, of Nor- manton Grange, a neighbouring great house, for the Warrens and Secretans had ever been closest of friends ; and, lastly, Clive, who had been one of the Pavilion intimates, and a prime favourite with "the first gentleman in Europe"—had brought the resources of Woodside to a very low ebb indeed. The favour of kings is proverbially a fickle thing, unless one happens to be a Brummell, as Clive Secretan had found to his cost ; and thus it was that the west wing remained in its half-dismantled state, and the ghost walked o' nights, to the awe and terror of the neighbourhood. It was not such a very old story, or a very ancient spectre either, as it only dated back as far as the present possessor's grandfather. There was one old servant in the house—a dreadful man, nearly ninety years of age, with white busby eye- brows and keen black eyes—who remem- bered the tragedy—Silas Brookes, the unfortunate Arundel Secretan's valet. But even he never spoke about it, and only listened when the story was men- tioned with suspicion and hatred glowering out of his evil dark eyes. The servants said he was mad—that the recollection had turned his brain. Once, years ago, lie had told the story, and was never heard to mention it again. He was perhaps the wildest of them all, this friend of Edgar Warren's, with his handsome face and soft, effeminate man- ner ; his carefully paraded vices, and mad love of gambling. For a time, Walter Secretan, the father, had been proud to hear of his son's social success, and of his conquests and his gaming exploits in con- nection with the most famous men in Europe ; of the tales which came down to the world-worn old roué in the peaceful Kentish village, and reflected, as it were, a lustre upon himself. There was some one else, too, who heard these tales, and wept over them in secret—pretty Mistress Alice Mayford, the vicar's daughter, who wore on her finger a rose diamond in a quaint setting, and something warmer in her heart. She heard all these things, watching and praying for the time when such vicious pleasures should pall and the 'king come home again,' which he did at length ; and the stalled ox was killed, and presently there was a quiet wedding at the little church under the hill. But Arundel Secretan had too much of the swashbuckler in his blood to settle down at twenty-six, even with a beautiful wife to bear him company, and a doting father at his beck and call. For hardly had the cheery orchards bloomed again ere Warren, fresh from a continental tour, was in town, hunting high and low for his fidus Achates, and at last found him out. There was a new actress to see, he wrote, a score of new amusements ; for the sake of old times, a week, only a short week, and then he might return to his peaches and Ashford ale for ever. Arundel hesitated, and finally fell. For three whole years they saw nothing of him, but they heard much—tales from the Levan t came, filtered through gossips from town ; sad stories from Rome, and Venice and Florence, yet nothing from the wanderer save the constant cry for money. Old Walter Secretan grew grayer and grimmer ; he was harsh and hard to all save Alice, and what they suffered toge- ther, no one ever knew. The master of Woodside wrote at length refusing to send further funds, and then the heir came home—home one night when they least expected him, clanking his whip and spur into the great dining hall, where injured father and outraged wife were seated, as if his absence had only been for an hour. Oh, but he was changed—three years of vice and unbridled license had set their mark upon his face, had clouded the open forehead and bleared the eye. His wife, poor child, would have risen and fallen at his feet for very joy, but that Walter Se- cretan motioned her back, and called for another cover with a coolness that aston- ished the trembling old seneschal, and struck him with a presentiment of coming evil. It was a strange meal with no word spoken on either side. 'On my honour, your modern husband has but a strange fashion of showing love and devotion to his bride,' said Walter Secretan, when the cloth had been drawn, and the wine set in great coolers, and Mistress Alice has gone tremblingly to her chamber. 'Odds-fish, but you take the matter coolly. In my time it would have gone hard if'—— 'In your time,' Secretan the younger answered languidly, as he brushed a crumb from his velvet skirts. 'You keep your vices closer at home. With our greater regard for the proprieties, we take them abroad—not quite so dutiful, perhaps, but a great deal more wholesome —for Woodside.' 'And now, forsooth, that my patience is exhausted, the supplies have stopped, you come home to "eschew sack and live cleanly." ' 'We both seem to be labouring under a mistake, sir ; and I will be perfectly candid with you. I have no intention of assuming the part of the prodigal son—a character which, pardon me, would as ill become your unworthy servant as the other character would befit you.' ' 'Fore George, your elegant tropes go clean over my head,' the father said with some show of anger. 'Leave your fine phrases where you seem to have left your heart and your manhood. You come down here neither to seek forgiveness nor to be forgiven. Why do you come at all?' Arundel helped himself to another glass of claret, and crossed his elegant legs in an attitude of utter nonchalance. 'Most honoured sir, what is the one thing that should bring me from the sweet shady side of Pall Mall to such an inferno as Wood- side?' 'And that one thing? omitting such trifling circumstances as love and duty, for which I humbly ask your pardon for recalling to your mind,' said Walter Se- cretan sardonically. 'I am all ears.' 'Need I say that I am alluding to money?' For the first time during the interview, a smile broke out upon the listener's dark handsome features. 'I am heartily glad to hear it,' he returned? 'and all the more so that you will not get it. No, if you go down on your knees to me and swear reformation by all the saints in the calendar, not another guinea do you get from me ; no, not even if it would save you from starvation. If my son is a heart- less profligate, I will take care that yours does not suffer for his father's sins.' For the first time the younger man showed signs of agitation and alarm. 'There is more than one way of suffering for a father's sins,' he said. 'I know it—who better?—as well as I know by your manner that you have brought dishonor on the house. And so yonder innocent lad's patrimony is to be the price of your absolution. Why not go to your fine friends for money? Is it a greater sin to rob them than rob an indul- gent father? Go to your faithful friend from Normanton yonder, the immaculate Edgar, who would prate of love and honour, whilst the doors of all honest men are shut in his face—ask him for the money.' 'This is vulgar prejudice,' Arundel ex- claimed, stung into retort by these bitter words. 'If the man you speak of was in England, I should not be here to ask this favour of you now.' 'I believe that,' said Secretan. 'You would not come unless you were forced to do so.' 'Edgar would help me cheerfully enough, only he is away, no one knows where, upon one of his mad expeditions. It is a matter of life and death with me— a debt of honour to be met—a debt so large that I have arranged for three months in which to raise the money.' 'On my honour, you have been sustain- ing the family reputation! And who is the fortunate individual who been astute enough to get the better of so ac- complished a dicer and card-player as Arundel Secretan?' 'Lord St. Derereux—a name, I believe, known to you.' 'Known to me in years gone by as a disgraced blackleg and notorious roue, by the blood of mv ancestors, but you have been figuring in noble company!— And the amount?' 'Nearly thirty thousand pounds, so far as I can recollect.' 'And which the immaculate St. De- vereux will never get,' returned Secretan with the same grim quietness. 'I have done enough, and more than enough. St. Devereux and a son of mine together! Borrow this money—beg it—steal it if you like, but never mention it to me again, or I shall forget our ties of blood and strike you where you stand.' The younger man rose quietly, a ghastly pallor on his cheeks. He hesitated for a moment ere he spoke again. 'You will not deny me a night's shelter?' he said. 'No ; Woodside will hold us both. Stay here while you may ; come and go at your pleasure. My penance will be the contemplation of my own handiwork. Your penance has yet to come.' Arundel Secretan walked up the open staircase, past the frowning ancestors he had dishonoured, with white set face and glittering eyes ; past his wife's room, to the apartment they had prepared for him. His social ex-communication had come—he had read the death-warrant in his sire's determined aspect. For more than an hour he sat in silent thought. There were pens, ink, and paper on the table, and as his troubled gaze fell upon them, his brow cleared a little and he began to write. The writing lasted till nearly mid- night, till at length the broad sheets were folded and addressed to the friend whom his father had just maligned so bitterly. Then the writer rang his bell, and told the servant to send his man, Silas Brookes, to him. He came, silent and lynx-eyed, listening respectfully to his in- structions. He was to start on the mor- rew for Italy ; walk, ride, fly, or crawl, anything, so long as the precious packet was delivered into Edgar Warren's hands without an hour's unnecessary delay. Silas Brookes took the packet and the ac- companying purse of gold without a word, and, saddling a horse in the stable, rode out into the night upon his errand. So this rarely faithful servant turned his face eastward, aud nothing was heard of him for many days. Arundel Secretan meanwhile lived a quiet, retired life, rarely appearing at meals, and when he did so, the set frown was on his brow, the haunting anxiety in his eyes. He seemed to shun society, even that of his wife and child, though Alice's love was not of the kind to be killed by any coldness or neglect ; but he had so strangely changed, so hard and cyni- cal, that her gentle nature turned from the politely sarcastic phrase as from a blow. Two months went by ; the leaves had fallen from the trees, the earth was bound in iron bonds, a thick sheet of snow lay in the forest drives and over the desolate lawns. The Yule-log was trimmed and placed outside the great hall door ; the red holly- berries and sickly white mistletoe, hung on picture and spear and armour. There was a sound of joyous revelry in the servants' hall, echoing faintly in the great dining room, where the silent two sat over their weary repast—a Christmas Eve without love or harmony, but a moody silence, till the sharp ring of a horse's hoofs out- side roused a little languid attention. Arundel Secretan heard the sound, and rose to his feet, a great shout bursting from his lips. Silas Brooks stood in the hall, a fine white powder upon the cape of his riding coat, and sternly silent, as if his absence had only been for an hour. He bowed his head to his master's glance of inter- rogation, and signified that the latter should lead the way. Once up-stairs in Secretan's chamber, his natural reserve gave way. 'I saw Mr. Warren,' he said, still standing, and speaking mechanically, as if repeating a lesson. 'He has been, nay, he is very ill, sir ; but he was pleased to hear from you, the more that he has a presentiment you will never meet again. And then he read your letter.' The listener laid his hand upon his heart, as if to check the violence of its beating—there seemed to be a band of iron round his forehead, crushing into the heated brain. 'Get to the point!' he exclaimed. 'The answer—the answer!' 'I saw him read every line, and smiling in the way he used to smile when anything amused him. "Give my compliments to your master," he said, "and tell him that even I cannot make bricks without straw. It is a lesson I have been trying to learn from the Jews without much ad- vantage to me, but considerable profit to them." 'And that was all he said?' asked Secretan calmly, though the reply was so like the man, he knew it must be so. 'Nothing more?' 'Nothing more, sir—not a word.' 'And that man was my friend and my debtor!' These were the last words Arundel Secretan ever spoke. Without further hesitation, he drew his rapier from its sheath, and turning the point towards his heart, threw himself full upon it. And there they found him in the morning —dead, with a great pool of blood upon the floor ; and in due course he was buried with his fathers. But every Christmas Eve a light is seen in the dormer window in the west wing, and a shadowy form paces the passages with a stain upon its breast. This was the tale Silas Brookes had to tell, only once, with a strange agitation and restlessness, for he had loved his master in his own strange me- thod, and grieved for him to this day. And so, year after year, the ghost walked on Christmas Eve, though Myles Secre- tan would have none of it, vowing that Arundel, his ancestor, disliked home too much to make a permanent habitation of the half-ruined west wing. (To be continued in our next issue.) 