THE DAMEREL DIAMONDS. CHAPTER IX (CONTINUED). ON?E more I must quote another's narrative, as without such records my story would be sadly incomplete. The housekeeper's com mands that absolute silence should be pro served by the StokeoDamerel servants re specting " Keziab's ghost. story," were interpreted with considerable latitude by the women of the party; whence, little by little, mysterious hints leaked out and were convoyed by friends and relatives to the neighbouring village. At last, in the course of the following summer, an inkling of the matter came to the oars of the police inspector at Leysters. It happened that Robert the under-keeper's brother, was one of his own men ; and when the inspector had questioned his subordinate he was requested to bring Robert for a private interview with his chief. "I didn't know as you believed in ghosts, Mr. Inspector," said Robert, smiling. " No, perhaps not; but I take an interest in all curiosities, natural and the reverse," was the quiet reply. It was a great effort however for the inspector, after getting all he wished to hoar, to have. to listen to a second " ghost story " from the loquacious Robert, which was to the following effect: A few years ago a Roman Catholic priest was sent on a mission to one of the thinly. peopled parts of Canada. Often he had to travel through the woods for days, either alone or with a single Indian as a guide. On one of these journeys he was fortunate enough to meet with a friend named Harvey, who hospitably entertained him, and who, onf bidding him farewell, gave him a letter of introduction to a family of the name of Calvert, at whose house lie advised the priest to pass the following night. "You might camp out," said his friend; " but if you push on smartly you will reach their house and be able to spend the night udhder shelter. They are an old family. They will be delighted to see you and will give you. a warm welcome." Camping out is a delightful experience at first, but after a few nights of it one appreciates a night spent in bed; so the priest pushed on as fast as he could that he might reach Mr. Calvert's house before nightfall. In this he did not succeed ; the sun went down and left him in a cheerless, dismal, and-as far as he could soe--water loss forest, and he was forced to struggle on, long after lie was ready to sink with fatigue, Mr. Calvert's family was retiring to rest when the priest arrived at the door, as one might say, too fatigued either to oat or to sleep. They were very kind to him, got him some supper, and eventually showed him to his room-a largo, low.qpiling apart mont on the ground-floor. The furniture consisted of an immense wardrobe, high backed, spindle.logged chairs, and post bedstead of black mahogany. aThe priest felt too tired to sloop, so lie had recourse to a tonic which he always carried about with him as a restorative under such circumstances. It may beo'that he was too iveak at the moment to take the medicine beneficially, or that lie took an overdose-at any rate lie felt in a dazed, strange condition, and was glad when he found himself fairly in bed. Whether lie fell asleep hlie could not say. His after-impression was that lie had niot adtually done so, when suddenly he Ilcanma aware that someoino was near hIim. In an instant lie was sitting ollt prighit in bad, aud there, at the side of tho bld; was a man, a half-brood, standing with hli back to the bed,; and in the act-the very not of cutting his throat.' The priest shuddered, and for an instant; covered his face with his hands. S"Soptop stop atopl I " lie cried out " For God's sake, stop I " at the pitch, of his voice, and reaching out his hand to soeiz the half-brood's arm.. It was just bdoyond his -grasp - perhaps he might have' reached it, but he haid not courage--lhe drew back his hand. All this 'tinio he was screaming, "stop, stop ! " imd lie ,after:. wards well remembered clutching first the, bedpost and then his left arm with his right hand, and saying to himself, " see I I know I am sleeping I " Of course, it was really one second of time; and yet he saw another stroke given-and anothor. Oh, it was horrible I Then the half-brood fell back on the bed; and as lie fell the blood gushed out freely over him and over the bodclothoes. As he fell, there were loud knocks at the door of the priest's room, and hlie heard voices inquiring if he were ill, or if any.: thing had happened. Somehow lie felt an tduconqueorablo aver sion to proclaim at that moment' the awful thing lie had sooi ; lie felt asif hlie cold never breathe the seoret to mortal oear, and merely replied that hlie had hada verynu- pleasant dream, and lhad orioed out:iu lin his sleep. '- - Next morning at breakfast ionolof the fa~imily said to hin : "You gave us all a fright, Fatlher IDole. meroe, ,We thought' somebody must hIkvo broken into, tlme house and attanoed you" ,,'" ,No,'' he replied. " ~Tho fact ie, I thought I saw a dark-oolourod man in the act of outting his throat." ' Everybody started and'changed colour itsA he said:those words; and the master of the houseorose up hastily, quitted the room, and did:not return. Of course thelpriest said no more, though no excuse or explanation Was offered him. Kindly as he had beeoon welo 'oomed, he was more than glad when the moment came to bid his entertainers fare. well. ?We: oomplhted hiis journey,' aoooplsh- d li'ise':mnission, and set out on his return. This time, as one might imagine, he/did nbt stop at' Mr. CaOnlvert's house, Ho paid a viiit; holvoveor, to his friend Harvey; and, on hi asaking him whether hlie had stayod at the Calverts', hle told himn of lthe terrible eight he had witnessed under their roof. The moment the words had passed from " .'-What sort of a man did you say ?" 'Hdrvey asked. "I hope you said nothing of this to the Calverts." ....'Yes,"' he replied; "I told theom' I dreamt Isaw' a dark-colourod man outting his throat at my bedside." " My Godl I .oexclaimed Harvey. "' Cail-' rert's half-caste brother out his throat tenoi years ago I" .. 'Whether there was:anfy olose cooincidoenoo itlher of time or of'place,. the priest had neither the opportunity nor the wish to inquire. " Very remarkable," observed thoe inspoo tor, who, having obtained all the informa tion he wished for, had allowed the garrulous Robert to ramble on unchecked. Inspector Forbes was a remarkably shrewd specimen of his hard.headed nation. So ho turned things over in his mind until his plot was ripe ; and then he straightway betook himself to Sir Cecil Lester I What passed at those prolonged, private interviewd was never known to the world at large, and need not be set down hero. Enough to say that one result of them was that Sir Cecil telegraphed at once to Colonel Dacre for certain instructions, and for permission to once more thoroughly examine Stoke Damerel Castle. Cecil supervised the investigations in person, and was not a little surprised when Inspector Forbes requested the aid, not of a detective, but of an eminent architect. " Now, sir," said the inspector, "will you run your eye along this wing and tell me how many windows you make? " The architect readily gave the number. " Yes, sir; I have counted 'em too many times myself to be mistaken 1 B3ut now " leading the way into the house along dusty, echoing corridors-" will you see if you can make that number inside? " The architect found himself at fault directly. One window was missing I He began to get interested, and woent over the ruined, deserted rooms more carefully; sounding the walls, listening, tapping, stamping upon the dust-laden floors as they passed along in curious silence and sus. pense. Sudddonly the great man turned to Sir Cecil Lester. " One of your mysteries is solved at any rate. It is as 1 suspected. Stoke.Damerol, like so many other old houses, contains at least one ' secret chamber' which," striking a wall with his open hand, "is hero." Sir Cecil looked at him in amaze. " A secret chamber, and I never thought of it ? " "Ay, but I did, Sir Cecil," put in the inspector; " only I thought best to make sure, and I wanted Mr. Weldon to show us the whereabouts of it. Now, Sir Cecil and and Mr. Weldon, how is this chamber to be got at, for I must see the inside of it, just to satisfy myself, gentlemen, that's all, for I warn you, Sir Cecil, my clue, may end in smoke." SRemember, there's five hundred from me, as well as the govornment'roward, if you make the discovery you expect to do," said Cecil eagerly. " There ought to be a secret spring, or a sliding door, fitting into some groves in this massive woodw'ork," said the architect, thoughtfully, examining every inch of the carved oak panelling with minute care. But hero, all his knowledge of similar places availed him nothing, and at last, turning to Sir Cecil in despair, he said : " I am sure of one thing, the secret chamber or recess is hero, but I see no moans of :entering unless we make a broach in the wall.". " I am empowered to do exactly'as I like in this matter," rejoined Ceoiil, " The inspector only waited foi 'thi.d onsiont to sot the Castle carpoiiter to work it once ; but it proved a much tougher job 'than he expected ; the oak was unusually thick, and in excellent: preservation, despite -a few worm-holes. Finally, Inspeitor Forbes, in his eageriness, pulled off his coat, and helped the carpenter .with a will. The two goutlo muon, meanlwhiloe,.ai'nlkcd up and down, re-. :lioving the tedium 6of. waiting by smoking and chatting.; bit' they ?oro 'too intobrsted and excited to leave the shot until'ali opening had been effected, At last, after nearly three hours' steady, patient labour, they had:.made a hole large enough to permit a man to pass through. So far,.they. had merely gained access to.a dark, winding passage' ~ ,vithin the castle wall. The inspector ontoreie first, followed' by Sir. Cecil and Mr. Weldon', in porfoct silenoo, each experiencing i st raige senoa-s, tion of subdued exoitement, as though they: expectedo they know not what, The winding passage came to an and at last, abruptly in a sharp 'angle of the wall. The inspector, who led the' way, stopped before' a low, narrow, arched doorway. " lhow I But it's.damp and musty as the. grave il here, and' there's a smell, like dead; rats," he added:. Then' he' stopped' and olitored, Th'orerdid liot seem to be much light in that small aparatmont, and the sun struggled in :faintly through'the cobweb., covered antique glass of the narrow window, which. was. about six. feet from the floor; Thoroe was not, much-time to examine the' secret chamber, curious as it wuas; for the eyes of the three men who crowded .in at the low, narrow" doorway, fell simultaneously upon an astounding sight., There was a small, black oaken shelf or. table, 'fixed' to, Sthelowall, and a rude autique chair stood besidoe it. Sboated in this chair, with. his arims upion the table, and head dropped Upon them as though he had at last fallen asleepi so, was what' once had been a man l SThe sickloning air of'. the chambbr,: which hid beon but a tomb for.its wretolied iti habitant, was almost insuipportiablo to the so'nses 'of tlihe spetiootators; but the oinspooEor stoepped forward and broke the glass with liis staff, letting in both light and air ;- and tlieii", as-thoir"'oyos groew accustomed tbo th vaporous gloom, thoy ?caught a strange sparkle, as of diamonds, shining ia:n the newly admitted.light. .Diamonds shiting everywhere l--upon the black table, and flashing back from the floor, whore the un disturbed dust lay inohes thick. Thb costly gqms wore sdatterod in the wildest confusion as thougli ;tliho wretched. thief had at,last flung theom from him in impotent .agony, despairing of aid either hunian or divinie.. :Diamonds, and yet more diamonds . all aroundI 'And iti their midst, ill that ?as loft:of i? lNAN, with his face liidden upon 'his: folded arms. The anrohitect was the first to break the ghastly sileneoo 6f that intolerable death-chambor. . .. 'What is the meaning lof'this?" he asked, in horrified accents. " The meaning? " returnod the iuspector, in a low tone from wvhich he could not quite banish ' the ring of iprofessional triumph. "lio meaninug is that we have found the StokeoDamorol diamonds' at last I. And the murderor, too; caught in his own trap, Sir Ceooil b. The neatest thing I 'ovor inw. I fanoiod all the time somehow thna:hsthose diamonds and the murderer had never gone out of the oountry, but it seems now they never even loft the aonstleo" Cecil Lester shuddered. " Do you mean to tell me that-is-,-" "Yes, Sir Cecil, that is all that's left now of Mr. Waldemar, and he was the guilty party. There was nothing against him absolutely nothing ; he. was supposed to be in London when the murder.was committed ; but I had my eye on him all the same. I'll tell you now, gentlemen : I was returning with an excursion from St. Alkmuud's Bay on the night of the murder, and at Holm station, as we passed, I got a glimpse of a man who Imado sure was Mr. Waldemar, though I could. hardly swear to him ; and he was waiting for the mail train. When he disappeared, the whole thing flashed upon me, only I had no proofs. Well, I've done the Scotland Yard men this' time," he added, dryly. " For the first time in your life ? " smiled Sir Cecil. " Well, such opportunities do not often ocour. No doubt they are thoroughly good men, and my remark was not made in any spirit of vain boasting. It is very natural there should be a desire among us all to.be first in running down a case, and I won't deny that the provincial police take much pride in unravelling a mystery where. the London men have failed. - " In a very curious way.I became aware of what had been a plot to carry out no less ri sensation that of seizing the person of the Prince of Wales I It'came about in this way. The chairman of our local bench of magis trates belonged to one of* the - noblest families in the country, but he was one of the meanest men alive. He kept a rare cellar of wines, and keep it he did, for . the occasions that lie opened a bottle were so. rare that he must have forgotten the -taste of good wine, as the sequel seems to show. One day his butler- happened to' be absent, and using his. duplicate, key lio went into the collar himself to got some wine, But though there were mountains of empty bottles, there were very full ones. The butler had decamped, and it transpired that 'h had got rid in some way of all the old wine, and had been in the habit of putrohas: ing for his master stuff at thrioe-anl.six a bottle from a neighbouring grocoi's ;'.'an'd, gentlemen, you may think it romiiice, but it's the sober truth, though this had been going on for two years, the magistrate never knew the dilTerenco.l The case was put into our hands, and I wont in sdaroh-of the de faulting butler., Principally 'through" his dealings :with pawnbrokers .I got upon his track,- and traced him to Liverpool. I may at once say in the and I collarad hiun, and he got two years' hard labour. 'Perhaps, his long residence in one of lier 'Majesty's temperance hotels oured him of hris love for other people's wine. But why I have told you this is because it was whil 1iponu this' job I was in podsession of the extraordinary narrative that I'll briefly run over to you. I was disguised-while on this journoy, for the butler well know me. Perhaps you are aware that a polioeman who knows his busi ness can adapt himself to .any, society,: and to all sorts arid conditions of men-and women either, for that matter. And at Liverpool you meet with people from every land and clime, to say nothing of Irelaud. " The, plot was nothitng more or loss than to kidmnapl the Princo qf. lVales, although it was a long time ago-in, the year 1807,. ever memorable on account of the Clorkonwell Prison outrage. " Mly informant was an old-time Fenian, hailing from Chicago, and. his story was as follows." (Hero the inspector drew from his pocket a large Inemoranluum-book, from which lie proceeded to road.) - " The causo of the kidnapping scheme was the seizure by the go.vornment::of the Fonian organ, the Irish People, and the imprisonnoentof its editor and publishers. "The idea was to- seize the Priuoe of Wales and hold him as a hostage until the. prisoners were 'released. Oti 'own safety and :the absolumb'sucbcess of the ,plot de-o 'pendod upon kroeeping the remotest sunspiioon of it from all but the five men engaged, in the scheme. " On this account it was hard to get all the money'noooesary. ..Wocould not expect innch from the central council, becase.they would ' want to know, you. know.' We miuniged! howover to scrapo together stif fioent to carry'us through. " Tho'wheolwright, who had boon working at his trade with an Irish Nationalist,r.bLted a small liouse and shop in tioe '-bisit 'pat p 'f: one of. the suburbs. l-Iad,wo..gone to.a quiet placeo the advent and movements.-of strangers- would have been noted by the' gossips of the neighbourhood. "-An ox-hussar and-the- Ilerry. man were both ' hatidy.nen,' and were supposod to be the "wliolwriglit's assistante. "' ,The whoolwright was muarrid :and liad one: little child. His wife was 'a model 'woman. She never- asked any ;questions. Sho only know that her Ilusband was an active Fouiaun, was devoted t6 him,: ?ind silently.oboeyed him,.' . . .:- , .-: : "It was in this house tlho prince was to be imprisoned, and it was our intention to furnish the two apartments' designed for him in the most luxuri6us ?m'iuanieriossible under the circumstances. . ..:: " HlieoWould hive had:'the best of wines,~ food, and eigarsat hliia disposal, anhid if the cooking, excellent outisinforo though. the wheelwright'swife was, would not be equal to whil htho hdir.apparduit was aodiitomnoed to, still be would have found it notseo very unpalatable. He would have all theoperiodi' oals Ie wantod and.somo geodbdokls.', ' . " The miuinte details, ere th'ougliet f.' We coiitemplated getting him bofore hiBs capture a good stock of linen. Had. he carod. to play cards or, bohess withhis jailors he coildr have boon nooommodatild. : :- '. - i- Our iden avas to show, in theieveolit'of: success, that Feniouns were not the ruffians~ the London press asserted they were. Only when our frionud wore' roloased was' the prince to have boon given his liberty.:", -: : '' His release would liavo bi?eon manSaged in this way. rA carriago would:bo procured-. in the afternoon, from a livory stable by a couple of mon, who would not: know the prinoo's whereabouts, and the party be driven to a public-hlouse ii:Holbrn', okept by an Irish nationalist. There -the driver would be' miade 'blind drunk,' put to bed, and so sooured for the night, : In the moanu time the Kerry man or the ex.hussar would drive- off. with the carriage,aand when night: had fallen take it to the whoolwrighlt's yard. S"-Lato at. night the prineo would be Ilindfolded, put in the carriagd, driven to a eoortain plaeoo in Kentish Town, a remote subiurb of'London, and thero left by thlie of his captors.' They would hurry down a lane, jump into a oab waiting for them, re main till morning at a friend's house in another part of London, and then take the early morning train for Liverpool, where, they would wait an opportunity to saiLto. America. "I don't think we would have had much trouble with the Prince, for I am convinced he would have regarded it as one of the rarest pieces of fun that had ever fallen or could fall in his way. "I have no, doubt that" he would have 'handled the ribbons' himself, and have driven to the home of one of the ministers to astonish him. " How were we going to capture the Prince ? At that time he was fond of seeing life. I and No. 4 had often met him about town. " He was not an unfrequent visitor at Evans' in Convent Garden, then a famous resort of young ' bloods.' "I was present at the' 'little .racket' which commemorated its last hours in 1879. " At this place the wheelwright and the Kerry man.had an opportunity to become familiar with the face and appearance of his Royal Highness. " We had a cabman who owned two vehicles. 'He was the only Fenian Jehu I ever knoew in England, and he was to be employed in the business. " The Prince never went about London alone. There was ourchief difficulty. He was always~acoompanied by one chum, some times two, now and then three. " Our hope was to catch the Prince with one companion in a quiet place, suddenly chloroform the pair, brindle the Prince into, a cab and drive off with him, and leave' the other where he had fallen. " We were all well armed ii case of emergency, but we had not the remotest in tention of harming the prince. We relied upon the chloroform making things easy for us. "Brit the Clerkenwell explosion put. a sudden stop to the progress of our plot. iThis was an insane attempt by a discarded faction of our organisation to liberate R:lidhard Burke from the house of detention. " Two'scoundrels arrested for complicity in the explosion told all about the Fenianus in London, disclosed my identity to the. police, and I was arrested. So too was the ox-hiussar. No. 4 had a narrow escape, and had to fly with the rest, and thus ended tho well-laid plot to kidnap tho .Prince of Wales." Both. Sir Cecil and the architect listened to the inspector in silence to the endi "It is a remarkable story," said the former. " It shows the hidden dangers that may beset the paths of the best of us, and I have often, thought," he. added, solemnly, " what a merciful Providence it isthat hides these dangers and the future, so carefully frodm us all." Then there was a pause, and Sir" Cecil seemed:lost in reverie. ' Gentlemen,". said 'thle 'inspector, " we must not forgot that we have yet to unravel the final thread in the mystery of the Stoke Dlamerel Diamonds." Meanwhile the architect .lhad been ex amining.the walls of the horrible cell; ":I can't account for his dying here, unless he poisoned himself in a fit of remorse,'" he observed, but then a ray of light broke upon him, and lie exclaimed : " I have it now I You 'see the inmate of these wonderfully-contrived secret chambers. could usually let himself out as easily as lie could closu:,the door on ,etoring ; and' this .was done froequnntly by moaes of a' secret. ispriig. I think we shall find on examining the :panolling more narrowly, that the spring is hidden in some flower or knot of the carving." They were all glad to retrace their stops and exchange. the foul air of that noisome tomb for the dusty 'corridor. outside, where the breezes blow freshly through' the brokeni windows. : iThe spring M?r.i Weldon, had spoken of .was.' at 'lotgthr -disbovered,'' pretty much where lie had predicted. " Yes,i the l ysteryis out now.?;-::He never wount to.immure himself in that terrible ooll. He had doubtless used it as a secure lhiding-place'for' the stolen diamoiids ; and. on visiting his hoard one day, he cloied the door as usualbthough never: again to return -as he'had often done before. The antique spring was, I see, 'much rusted, and the in evitable result would -be, that sooner orhlater the fatal door would close, never again to open, 'save as we have opened it to-day, simply by :demolishing the panelled wall. The murderer was, .indeed, as Inspecotor. Forbds 'says, ' caught in his own trap,' and the ' Stoke-Damerol' mystery.' is at anoind;. Well,: I, for one, am inolined: to, believo inr' the truth of the 'old 'saying, ' murder 'will out.' " "Thank God forit;" ansieorea Sir Cecil 'Leeitherfervently. M\r, Weldon looked at lhim .in surprise, but the aouto inspector under-. stood something of what that brief thauinks giving implied. SIt wa?s afterwards discoveredthet Lieopold Waldeti'ar had kept a diary, although the entries 'weroe very irregular ;: and he also coniealed- this. uourisly self- oriminating record in the -secoret ohhamlboer with the far Sfamed "Lost Diamonds." The body, despite its torribloe condition, was identified, as. 'W?ildemar's boyo?id a dotibt;' and .'the piteous cries which' Kezial~ arid her' lover heard that dreadful October night,'doubtless p'robeeded'from the miaiserable murderer in 'the 'lIst stag' of 'starvationi and';des'pair,. ,dying slowly, by inches, in thoemidste8of un told wealth-the most horrible of all deaths -that of; starvation; whilst his glittering, ill- gotten gains moked him from the dusty ' It: was probable that his cries had re :sounded . at intervals for. days,5unhoeard within' the tliioikess of thoe tr?dti?onidous Swalls~'"It was seldom, too,:: that anyone bhanced to pass by :tha :way ?Anid 'if th'ey had, the ignorant servants would have been' puzzled to discover from wheno the sound' proceeded. They would only have been more than ever convinced that it wis' indeid the spirit of the murdered Lady Damerel shriek ing for vengeance,. From the first this miserable man must have boeen aware of his inevitablo doom, and have felt that his fate woas "iealed. What hours and,days of .unuttorabloe agony and suoh 'dospair' as demons' 'might fool must have boon his-during that awfuldeath-iin lifo--of more .tban-a fo?tnight's length; Just, too, when woealth, ahd power, the. two. things miust'ovetedl by LTopold Waldemar, were within his grasp; and he might have left England, since he seemed entirely doe ,void of conscience and all moral sense, to enjoy his ill-gotten treasures in a distant country. It appeared from ,Waldemar's diary that thbo monster had determined upon com passing his cousin's death from the night that she avowed her yet unpublished. on. gagemont to Lord Medbampstead. From the pages of this volume, also, was gleaned the fact that a secret compact or engage. ment' had existed between himself and Lady Daniorel' for some, time. But when 'a man of higher social: rank and position offered himself,' Lady Damrel' throew Waldemar, over without pity or reinorse. He was, it' appeared, perfectly aware of, her testamen tary dispositions in his favour, and he at once determined to secure that and the Stoke-Damorol diamonds, whose value was estimated at something beyond a hundred thousand pounds, by a single act. As I had suspected (wild and improbable as I felt my suspicions would seem to others), Waldemar had actually designed, by means. of the awful influence hlie had obtained over Elinor, by oonistantly, exorcisinghis mes meric powers, to use' that. unconscious, innocent girl as "the loctive ageht 'in his hideous design;" Elinor's frail hand, guided by his strong will, was destined to strike the fatal blow, himself looking oion calmly whilst the passive, uiiconscious instrument of his will. enacted the: hideous crime his dastard hand shlrank from.; But,' byiGod's meroy, I had saved Elinor, and now. she is for. over:,: fred . from Waldomar'e occult influences. I now tell Cecil, what no. prayers could wring from me before, namely, my share and Elinor's in the terrible 'drama of that dark September night;. for now, Elinor-is saved, and I am free to:spqak I Some one else, too, is free tooclaim the fulfilment of an old, old promise. Need I say he does claim it, and without loss of time ? Well, at any rate, there is no need to record my answer, since Ceoil declares I did.not' even:wait to be asked-a cruel libel, for which Itake care to sufficiently punish theldaring offender. However. these things may be, I am well: assured no souls on earth can know a deeper, purer joy than Cecil Lester and Hilda. Alleyne now experience; for their love has been thrice 'tried in the fiery fur-; nace of such terrible affliction as comes into but few human lives, I am glad to think. But foi usit 'is wholly, well, since our. love has survived that" ordeal untarnished, re huined like'pure gold. I linger lovingly over these last days of our courtship, they are so full' of calm, flooded .with sunshine,. like a 'cloudless summer day when no breeze stirs the bosom of the lake, and showers of over-blown roses fall gently earthwards through the still air, and perfect peace reigns from sunrise to sundown.. We are so happy in being. together onceemore after this long and bitter parting that'I atleast ask nothing more. "'I am content, and could, go on living in 'the slumbrous peace of my love-dreams for ever mor,. I 'think.' But Cecil is' of another mind, and is impatient to carry his bride back with him?i'to Eyton Hall. Hence Maudie and Bertha, anid even the graver ::Nanuy, "are full of delitidus' .exoitoe mont, at the prospect of two " gorgeous weddings," as': Maudio says, oi 'tho same day I Such a sight and such grand doings \voro never soon ait' Eilloote Rectory, before -not within: the memory of theoldestin habitant; and.weo'are determined to make it a fete 'day indeod' for.ourpoor, ?;' day hero: ifter to be marked with a white, stone' ini theirmemories., _For if the dear. mater lo'ses one daughter, or gives her into Cecil Lesterls keeping, she is to gain another 'in 'no loss a personage than the heiress of" Stoke' Damorel I' Colonel Dacre replied, as promptly as the Indian mails Would' allow, to my mother's letter of warning:respecting Hugh's growing passion for his fair ward, in so pithy and soldier-like 'an epistle, that. I cannot do better than trausoriboe it in full: : "- , April 18, 18 "Doar Madam;-Accent veryinany thanks for your care 'of my ward; also for yodr kindly cautions respecting the future. For my part,'I can only advise :that -my friend Hugh waits until the young 'lady asks him' Or (as he is to charmingly, bashful) until'I can return toiEnglanduand,. mike the p'liro" posal in due form on his behalf-with whichl the damsel will doubtless be' much pleased;:. But joking apart, since they certainly have my entire approbation and consent, perhaps, yourself and my:old friend, Bernard Alleyone will not withhold yours, Hugh: is. a :fine young 'fellow, an'd 'I 'would gladly see him' happy with Elinor.--'Believe mo, dear madam, faithfully yours, " ' AwnIn DAchU." So it is all ,happily'settlod at last. Hugh does not wait for Colonel Daoro's return to inaket his proposal;: and Elinor has no relations living whose consent she iieod ask, 'sinos she lhas gained that of her guardian. It is arranged that', I and Elior slihall be: dressed exactly alike upon our bridal day; and as the double wedding takes placoe at th'e end oflthe" harvest month," we are to wear ivory biooded "veblvet' lighteloiod with some exquisite old lace.' Mine isd a gift from oeeoil, like the pearls I am to.wear on thiat happy ooonsion; whilst the " las?? of the Damerels" has hoards of wondrodtis old. iose' point at her command;',:: :- '. ;::,' ,':' Thus :-the story",of the " :Stoke Dlamerel Diamonds" ends at last, in, the merry olash' of " Wedding Bells';" amidist showers ofrice: and a porfoot deluge of old slippiers I THIE END. 