COUNTRY NEWS. Br Wins.— Fnosi Our. Comiespondents. BALLARAT, Su.vnAY. It is intended to establish a Roman Caihobc College and Orphanage at Ballarat. The first- named will be conducted by the Fathers of tho Holy Ghost, and the latter by the LitMt: .Siatcra nf Na.ra.roth. Both v>rie-;ts and nuns will arrive from England with Bishop Moore in November. The site for the college is in Sturt-strcct, and was purchased from Mr. Gaunt, barrister, for £4000. - The orphanage will be oil the eastern side of Lake "Wcndouree, nnd will bo open also for tho aged and distressed of all creeds. I3ENALLA, S.undat. A case of alleged concealment of birth occurred here on Friday night. A girl named Eliza Grieve, living with her married sister, wao observed by lier brother in law lying in the back yard groaning. He and his wife told her to coine inside, but she refused to do so until they went away. She was at length got inside, and Dr. Nicholson, who was sent for, on his arrival at once saw that she had hct-n confined. The dead body of a male .child was found amongst tho bedclothes. Tho police' wcro immediately communicated with, nnd Dr. Nicholson made a post- mortem examination oil Saturday, when he found tho cause of death to be suffocation. An inquest will bo held. Cr. Wallncc was elected president of tho shiro of Benalla yesterday, with an allowance of £50. Tho annual- -banquet of the local branch of tho Victorian Railway Services Mutual Association took placoon Thursday nigiit. Tho report stated the receipts of tho year to bo £21. DROUIN, Sundat. A syndicate of Melbourne men hus purchased Dawes' Commercial Hotel and Sutcliffo's Family Hotel, Drouin, for a little over £4000. Alio several farms at prices ranging from £4 10s. to £7 per acre. Tho syndicate has mado oilers for two other hotels and sovcral more farms. Land and property throughout the district have largely increased in value during tho last tew months. GEELONG, Saturday. This morning tho German ship Schifiowert," with a cargo of salt of over 1000 tons, for Messrs. Henry Berry and Co, arrived from Shaiimess. A young man named John Monk fell off tho Yarra-strcet wharf into the bay shortly after midnight on Saturday, while intoxicated, and when taken out of the sea was apparently life less. The officers from the steamer llubbuck rescued tho man, and aftorwards sent him to tho hospital, where he was restored to conscious ness by Dr. Marwood, by means of artificial respiration, after half an hour's work. After a week's apparently successful series of meetings Mr. Geo. Clarke the Christian nthcloto brought his evangelistic mission in Geeloug to a close on Friday evening. Tho services through out tho week havo been largely attended and on Thursday and Friday evenings the Mechanics' Hall was found to be too small for the assem blages, and overflow meetings had to bo held in the Ryrie-strcct Presbyterian Church, Mr. Clarke obtainingthe assistance of various clorgy- men in the town. Thanksgiving offerings wero received at tho Friday ovening's service £114 being obtained. Out of that sum £50 is to bo deducted for expenses connected with tlio mis sion and the remainder is to be dividod equally between the Evangelisation Society of Victoria and the local charities. The now channel off Point Henry, dosigned to facilitate shipping business at this port in now half completed. It has been cut a dis tance about a couplo of miles to a depth of 21 feet, at low water, and 80 feet in width, but when finished it will bo 160 feet wide. The ship Serapis, which arrived from Melbourne on Fri day afternoon is tho first largo vessel to make use of the new channel, but the cutting is not deep enough to permit of vessels deeply laden coming through at low water, and the steamer Hubbuck, bound for London, vid this port, had to wait outside until high water this afternoon before entering Corio Bay. KYNETON, Saturday. An unusual number of deaths have occurred here during tho past week, amongst the num- ber being three old colonists. One is Mr. Ben. Ellis, who in 1851 was proprietor of the Keilor Hotel, at Keilor. He was found dead in his chair on Saturday last. He was 77 years of age. Mr. G. Govett, J.P., of Pastoria, and lato returning . officer for Dalhousic, died at tho age of 89 yean. He camo to Pastoria from Pyalong in 1851, and had previously resided in Tasmania. This morning Mr. Thomas "\Vhyke3 Hall died at the ago of 76 years. He arrived in Tasmania in 1832, and, with Mr. Heiity, shipped some of the first sheep sent to Victoria, and some of the first horses seut to Adelaide. Mr. Hall returned to England in 1842, and came to Melbourne from Natal in 1853. Ho settled in Kyneton iu 1C60. On Friday week a boy named Willie Barnes received a small brtuae on his right ankle. Blood poisoning supervened, and resulted in las death. Mrs. "Ward, of Boggy Creek, died on Friday afternoon from grief, on account of Iior son having been sent to the Lunatic Asylum. MACEDON, Sunday. Tho "Woodend shiro council have mado re peated overtures to the Giaborno shire council with reference to the making of tho Lady Loch drive from Macedon to "NVoodcnd around tlio southern slopes of tho Mount. The road in miestion passes through Crown lands for a distance of about 3 miles between the Governor's residence aud "Woodend, and if opened would increase the commercial value of each district to a considerable extent. NATHALIA, Sunday. The yeomanry have decided to erect a largo store adjacent to the railway station, SANDHURST, Sunday. At Eaglclmwk, AVilliam Rodda, mining man- oger of tlio Trio Company, Englchawk, on Fri day, was fined £2 with £3 8s. costs for employ ing an engine driver for longer than eight hours per day. STAV'F.LL, S.vnrmiAT. , A public meeting-was held at Stnwell on Friday night to consider tlio proposals of the Warrnam- bool via Mortlake and Lake liolao to Ararat Bailway League for procuring railway communi cation between the southern seaboard and tho northern areas of the colony. Mr. "Webster vice- president of tho league, addressed tho meeting, aud a motion expressive of approval was carried. TALBOT, Satdhdat. At tho meeting of tho Talhot borough council held on Wcdncsdayoveninga letter was read from the secretary of the Water Supply department, stating that Mr. Deakin, iu view of the financial failure of tho Talhot wator supply, regretted that ho was under tho neces sity of insisting that the nllowanco of tho mayor bo discontinued, and that tha sanction 6f the department mast in future he obtained beforo further moneys are expended iu reticula tion. The letter was read before the council on Monday, 13th, prior to tho electiou of mayor when it was at once moved, and carried that as the council could not grant an allowanco from the water supply rovonuo that the sum of £50 be allowed from thy. general revenue. A letter was also received liom the Shepparton branch of the Farmers Association, asking that dele gates be appointed to a conference in Melbourne but no action wa« taken ; and from the shiro of Stawell, application for free posses, which was not entertnined. _ , TATURA, Saturday. Tho Tatura Coursing Club 1ms decided to hold a second meeting on tho Dhurringile Estate on the 17th and 18th September, the stuko being for an unlimited number of dogs at £1 1» each. Tho crops throughout the district aro in an unfavorable condition owing to tlio continued dry weather. A heavy downpour of rain is badly wauled to improve tho prospects of tiio coming season. The channels of the water trust have stopped running, thus causing "rent inconvenience to irrigationists. rri iii- )vl:Di)EltBURN, Saiuudat. Tho latest information from the Wodderburn goldfields states that rich gold has been obtained from ISo. 3 lease, hold by tlio Jubilee syndicate. The stone wkis struck 25 foot from tho surface and yields 3 oz. to the dish. The reef is la inches wide and is thickly stiidded with gold. m. "WEltRIBEE, Satukday. Tho Racecourse Hotel, Werribeo, known in tlio early (lays as tlio Bridge Inn, was totally destroyed by fire early this morning. This "ore- wns erected in tho year 1846 and will bo remembered by travellers by coach in the early days, previous to the construction of the Geelong and Mclbourno railway. It was first opened and kept for 34 years by the lato Mr Armstrong, but since tliat gentleman's domiso eight years ago the property lias changed hands several times. The origin of tho firo is unknown. A cry little of the stock or furniture was saved. Great credit is duo to Trooper M'Konzio for his timely assistance in rescuing tlio present land lord s children from the burning building, which was accomplished at considerable risk. V", , Ho,)b3 was unanimously elected president of tho 3\ yiulhain shiro council at tlio ordinary monthly meeting of that body held today; 4 