CONFESSION AND TRANSUBSTANTIATION. (To the Editor of the Maitland Mercury.) Sin,-In your issue of last Saturday, 7tk inBt., appears a letter from the Rev. Mr. Tarrington on the above subjects, to which I mean to reply in as brief a space as I possibly can. The Rev. Mr. Tar- rington says : " But it will be seen at onco that tho case of Jesus Christ, who was. both God and man, forgiving Bins is very different from that of any ordinary man claiming the same power. God waa in Christ, reconciling the world unto himself, and it was as God that Christ had the power of forgiving sin. The Jews said ' Why doth this man thus speak blasphemies ? Who can forgive sins but God »nly ?' And if our Saviour had been only a man there is no doubt the Jews would have been right." Now in Matt. 9 eh., 2 to 8 v., we read that Jesus cured the man sick of the palsy to prove that He as man had power to forgive sins. " But that you may know that the Son of Man hath power on earth to forgive sins (then said He to the man sick of the palsy) arise, take up thy bed, and go into thy house. And he arose and went into his house. And the multitude seeing it feared, and glorified God that gave such power to men." Here our Lord works a miracle to prove that He has the power as man to forgive Bins, and the Jews seeing the miracle I believe He has auch power as man. The Rev. Mr. Tarrington contends at some length that the ultimate power of forgiving sin is in God, and thinks it a dangerous doctrine that God cannot forgive sins unless the priest forgives first. No one disputes that the power by which sins are forgiven ia God's j but Jesus Christ, who had this power as man, gave it in the most solemn manner to his Apostles. " Breathing upon them ho said ' Receive ye the Holy Ghost, whose sins ye shall forgive they are forgiven them, and whose sins yo sholl retain they are retained.' " " Again I say to you, whatsoever y« shall bind upon earth, shall be bound also in heaven; and whatsoever yo shall loose upon earth, shall be loosed also in heaven." Therefore there ia nothing surprising or dangerous in that when God gave the power of for- giving or retaining sin to the pastors of His Church, they should exercise that power, and that God should ratify in heaven the absolution pro- nounced by His priests upon earth. Accordingly we find that this power has been always exercised in the Church as it is at the present day. The Rev. Mr. Tarrington contends that auricular con- fession was unknown in the Church before the | Council of Lateran, A.D. 1215. It is true that this Council fixed the time when it would be necessary under pain of mortal sin to comply with a duty which was known, practised and taught long before. But this was all the Council did. There was no introducing confession as a new doc- trine, as the rev. gentleman seems to imply. How could there be ? As I said in my letter on 9th June, can it be supposed for an instant that the laity would consent to have such a doctrine so repugnant to human nature and so humiliating to human pride imposed on them without making a great commotion and revolting against it. Yet there is not a word in history of snch a thing occur- ring. And can it be imagined above all that the Bishops and clergy would voluntarily take upon themselves the yoke (for all are bound to practice it from the Pope down to the curato) if they did not believe it was of divine origin ? I do not Bee how any reasonable person ca» believe such a thing possible. I could give extracts showing that con- fession was practised in every age from the Council of Lateran to the first century, but a« I mean to be brief, I shall content myself with a few of im- portance, which I am sure will safety the public on this point. St. Bernard, who died in 1153, addressing himself to those who concealed faults in confession, said : "|What will it avail you to tell some of your sins and to hide others ? Are not all things open to the eyes of God P What ! Will you dare to withhold anything from Him who holdB the place of God in so great a Soerametat?" St. Anselm, Archbishop of Canterbury, who died in 1109 gives similar testimony. The first Council of Germany, held in 742, ordered that every colonel Bhould have a priest who might hear tho confessions of the soldiers. In the fifth century St. John Chrysostom, who died in 404, says " Men have received from God a power which has not been granted to angels or archangels. Never was it said to the celestial in- telligences : ' Wbatsover you shall loose,' etc. The power of priests reaches even to the soul, which they can cleanse and liberate. . . . Let ns then imitate the Samaritan woman, and not be ashamed to tell our sins. He who is ashamed to confess his sins to the priest will hear them pub ! lislied on the day of judgment, not to one or two persons, but to all nations." St. Augustine, who died in 430, addresses the faithful thus : "Let no one say, ' I do penance secretly in the sight of God j it is enough that he who will grant me pardon should know what passes in my inmost soul.' If this were the case, then Jesus Christ would have said without reason, whatsoever you shall loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven, and would in vain have confided the keys to His Church. It is not enough, therefore, to confess to God : it is also necessary to confesB to those who have received from Him the power to bind and to loose." In the 1 fourth century St. Ambrose, St. Basil, and St. AthanasiuB give similar teatimony, whilst the cele- brated Lactantius say s, " The mark of the true church is the use of confession and penance, by which the sins of our frail nature are forgiven." Origen in the third, and Tertullian in the second century, are also witnesses for the same doctrine, and in the first century St. Clement (the disciple and successor of St. Peter) wroto to the Corinthians : " While we are yet in this world, let us be converted with our whole heart ; for, after we have left it, we can no longer confess or do penance." From the texts of sacred Scripture that I have qnotsd it will appear clear that Jesus Christ gave tho power of forgiving sins to the priests of His Church, aud from the extracts I have given it will be seen that this power waa exercised and auricular confession prac- tised, not, as the Rev. Mr. Tarrington seems ta think, from the year 1215, but even from the days .f St. Peter. TRAKSUBSTAKTIATIOV. The Rev. Mr. Tarrington in his letter of last Saturday, 7th inat., either misunderstands or mis- construes my words when I was explaining that our doctrine was in entire conformity with his quotation " It is tho spirit that quickeneth ; the flesh profiteth nothing; the words that I speak unto you they are spirit ard they are life." The Rev. gentleman took care to suppress a portion of my sentence which runs thns, with the suppressed portion in parenthesis:-On the contrary, the passage quoted is in entire conformity with our doctrine, which teaches that it ia not in the eating the dead flesh of Christ according to the cama notions of the Jews that the life-giving properties are, but in the flesh of His glorified body animated by His soul and life-giving divinity-(the same body, soul, and divinity, by which in the mystery of the redemption, he was to give life to the world.) The rey. gentleman suppressed the portion of my sentence in parenthesis which misconstrues my meaning and gives it the appearance of favouring the figurative sense. Our Saviour presenting to the Apostles the bread which he had just consecrated, said to them : " Take and eat this is My Body which shall be delivered for you." Now, it was not the figure of Our Lord's body that was delivered to tortures. Therefore, there íb no figurative sense. In like manner, when presenting to them the wine which He bad just consecrated, He said to them : " Drink ye all of this-this is My Blood, which shall be shed for you." Now, it waB not the figure of Our Lord's blood that was shed for us, but His real blood. Since, therefore, the body and blood which Jesus Christ gives us in the Blessed Eucharist are the same body that was de- livered and the same blood that was shed for us, we must conclude that Our Lord is really present, and is really given to us in the Blessed Xucharist. As a matter of fact, however, whether it is the flesh of the glorified body or of the actual body, it is flesh still, and there is nothing figurative about it. In reference to the words " Not eating the dead flesh according to the carnal notion of the Jews," which "the rev. gentleman places in italics and tries to make so much of, my meaning was-the Jews not only understood Our Lord literally, but they had the gross notion that they were to partake of Christ's dead flesh as they would of the flesh of dead animals or of a. dead man, and it was to disabuse their minds of this idea that Our Saviour said " It is the spirit that quickeneth ; the flesh profiteth nothing, &c.;" I am supported in this view of the passage by many grave authorities. I may add that many learned Prostestant commen- tators have abandoned this passage as having no application to explain the forpgoing textB figura- tively as the rev. gentleman contends. The Rev. Mr. Tarrington seems to regard the going away of the Jews of little importance ; but I put it to him again: how could Our Blessed Lord, introducing and teaching a most impor- tant doctrine, seeing that the Jews were going away understanding him in the literal sense, as they unmistakeably did (" How can this man give us his flesh to eat ?") allow them to go into apo8tacy, when a few words of explanation in the figurative sense would have prevented them from going? Would not any religious teacher do this? Would he not explain his meaning when his doctrine was erroneously understood? Would not the Rev. Mr. Tarrington himself do it in the case I put to him in the postcript to my last j letter, and which he quietly passes over ? Why [ then should Our Lord not do an much P Simply because he could not ; because he spake literally, j and was understood literally. The Rev. Mr. Tarrington maintains that he answered my arguments from John vi. and the words of institution by meeting them with the figurative interpretation. Why, it ia on the difficulty arising from the figurative interpretation that my arguments are founded, and the rev. gentleman has never touched them. I will now, by way of example, put one of them to him. The Rev. Mr. Tarrington, in his letter, June 21, says, " We say that we eat bread in the ordinary sense of the word, and this bread it> set apart for a sacred use, as being a symbol of Christ's body broken or given for us." And further on in the same paragraph the rev. gentle- man says, " Christ is indeed present at the Holy Communion, but spiritually present only, and that to the heart of tho faithful recipient." Jesu Christ mates use of the following words-" Excep you eat of the flesh of the Son of Man and drink Hi blood you shall not have life in you." Now, accord ing to the doctrine of the Rev. Mr. Tarrington which I bavo just quoted, bread only in the ordin ary sense is present. How then can a person eat the fleah of Christ, which is not present, but at most, according to the Rev. Mr. Tarrington, only bread as a figure or symbol of it ? And how could Our Lord pronounce sentence of damnation against a man unless he eat what is not present to be eaten-or in other words how can Our Lord damn a man for not doing an impossibility. The Rev. Mr. Tarrington has not attempted in any way that I can seo to give an answer to my firat question from 1st Corinthians. " How could St. Pani hold the unworthy communicant guilty of the Body and Blood of the Lord if there were only bread and wine present ." but attempted to explain the second by saying that the classical meaning of the word " discern " íb to " set apart as a sacred thing." I shall quote some Protestant authorities against him, I Bov. S, T. Bloomfied, D.D., F.S.A., editor of the larger Greek Testament, with English notes, and the Greek and English Lexicon to the New Testament, in a note on 1st of Corinthians xi, 29, gives the Greek word tZiafcrino, the meaning of " to distinguish, " not dis- tinguishing between the sacramental elements and the food used at an ordinary meal." In the Greek and English Lexicon of the New Testament by Revd. E. Robinson D.D., professor of theology in the University of New York, revised by Alexander Negris, a native of Greece, and a prof essor of Grecian literature ; ana by the Eer. John Duucan, professor of Oriental languages in New College, Edinburgh, in the passage referred to, says the word means " to distinguish," i.e., from common food. I will leave the public to judge between these distinguished Protestant authorities and the Revd.. Mr. Tarrington, and to say whether he has answered my question. The Rev. Mr. Tarrington admits that commen- tators agree with me that Christ's body after the resurrection passed through the rock and closed doors, but says he cannot find it mentioned in Scripture. The fact that commentators admitted it is quite satisfactory to me. Of course I can- not expect the Rev. Mr. Tarrington to admit too mmch. I did not ask the Rev. Mr. Tarrington what he would say to the Socinian if he were to say " The Word was God," that is represented God, but I asked him how he would like the argument he was using against me turned against himself by the Socinian. Let me explain. The Rev. Mr. Tarring- ton said " This is My Body," meant thiß represents, my body in the same way as in the words " The field is the world j" the words mean the field repre sents the world. Now, if this argument holds good against me from the mere fact of the similarity of ' the two phrases and the mero fact of the verb to be (is) occurring in both. On the same ground of similarity of phrase and the verb to be (is) occurring in both the Socinian could insist that "The Word was God" meant "The Word represented God." So that the rev gentleman should admit that his argument against me had no force, or should allow the Socinian to triumph over himself. In reference to my quotation from Leibnitz, it is all.very well for the Rev. Mr. Tarrington to laugh . at and make light of the testimony of a dis- tinguished scholar ; but would the rev. gentleman do »o if he were in favour of himself ? The rev. gentleman passed over my quotation from Luther in silence. I suppose it would not do to cast ridi- cule on him. Ab the Rev. Mr. Tarrington has given his reason for writing, I will now give mine. From the con- stant and virulent attacks made on our Church from time to time, and the shameless calumnie» and misrepresentations circnlated publicly against us, I thought that if these were let go unchecked the pnblic, or a portion of it, would begin to think that there were good grounds for all that had been said, and that we were unable to say a word in our defence. Hence my reason in reluctantly coming forward to give the public our side of the question. I am, sir, yours, &c;, &c.;, M. MURRAT. 