THE SEARCH FOR MUttlCMt'S FORTUNE. By W. T, Parres. Well, ye see, yer honour, Paddy Mulligan lived always to himself— that is, not alto gather, as ye might say, to himself thoroughly all out, for ha wouldn't refuse a pjnt, or a quart for the matther of -that, from a frind now an' thin, but he didn't want to encourage touch of a resort to' his lodgin'e. It wasn't because they wor in a , back sthreet, for be. wasn't proud.. The dickens a .bit of consate was in poor Paddy, but he bad tbe name of a hape of money, an' nobody ever heerd the jingle of it but him self. So it was a sort of curiosity to find out bow bie was livln', but, 'cute enough, he kep' all to himself, like a hermit of the mountains, whin he wa3 in his top bsok room. Now and thin yed fisd him with an edd shillin', but, like a motherlees calf, it was aiways aiyoe. . Paddy seemed to have no relations, or, if he had, he didn't eucaurage., their acqualntancea. But there's one thing certain —Paddy was full np of money, wherever on earth he managed to scraps it up. Some say that be dhramin' one night he found out- where there was « crock of goold hid in the Dublin mountains— that he dug it up in the dark and carried it home in a basket covered with water-cresses. 1 Yer basket's very heavy,' siz a polis to him one tnornia.' 4 What have ye got in it ?' Nothing' siz Paddy. Just let me look at nothin',' siz the polis. 4 Ah, it's only sods for a lark I have in he basket this morninV 4 Well, just for a lark, I'll have a look at thim,' siz the constable. An' whin he seen the goold, 4 Sii down on She ditch here,' siz he. 4 I'm not goin' to stop in she force — I don't like it, and I hate to be en informer, so we'll divide the money an' say nothin'.' Paddy o uldn't help it, so they squared it on the difeb. Bnt that's only a bit of the gossip that got. out about him — just because his neighbours were jealous, Two or three times be was on the pop of bein' married, but somehow be found out it- was tbe money the girls wor dbrivjo' at, an' he dhrew out of tbe job on a sudden. 4 He checkmated thim,' as Lnnigan the wax use to say. Well, tbo' he grewto be a party stale cwld bachelor, all his money, wherever he kpt it, couldn't hcwld the breath in his body. A"' one mornin' after wooderin' what was become of him thro' not bavin' turned up since the day bsfor began, a polis brock open the du<e, and found poor Paddy Mulligan soatthered over the bed, a dead corpse. Mrs. Kelly,, the landlady, said, 4 His sowl must have tuck its flight in the night.' They had a powerful sarch all over the tuuui lur tuo tuuuty up in ine top DaOK room. An' afther.a terrible sight of throuble, all in the world that they could come across was four and niuepesce half-penny in the lift-hand calico pocket of .his throwsers. The coroner brought his ink west round an' sat on Paddy ; but psba I They might' as well be tbryin' to scrape the silver off the moon. Not a scrap of cash, or any paper consBrnin' any deposit, was found either inside the room or outside the room. This was the qnarest thing at all. What in the world had become of his fortune ? WaB it tuok by the fairies ? Or where , was it scattered to at all, at all ? He hadn't been robbed, for his windy and dare wor bowlted all right whin he was fonnd lyin' dead that mornin'. Some said may be the polis grnahed it into his mitteiiB, or it might have been sperrited away be the owld boy ; for poor Paddy wasn't all out a eomplate pafethern in regard of bis religious duties. Be that as it may, we're not goin' to judge the crather, now he's gone ; but what bad become of hrs property was one of the dead sayorets of the ethreet where Paddy lodged. Some Baid the i&ndlady; had put her mawleys on it, bnt sure I knew her well meself, tor I was coortin' her, till I threw her up, be larnin' that she couldn't have stole a fiook of it ; an' she died in the poor-house afther. Well, poor Paddy was only just put into the ground for about a fortnight, whin a stbranger kem to the house, an' with big tears rowlin down bis nose, he tow Id Mrs, Kerrigan, the landlady, that he was the Isst livin1 nephew of Paddy Mulligan, his uncle. He discoursed her for awhile, an' towld her he was preparin' for the Church ; an', pick- in' a prayer-book out of his breast pocket, he axed her, with a mournful groan, to be allowed up to the room where Paddy gev up bis ghoBt, ao that he might pray a few prayers for the podr unfortunate speirit of his ancle. Well, he med such a poor mouth, an' was so cut Dp in respect of wisbin' to save his uncle's sowl, that the widow couldn't refuse the cratber. So Bhe brought him upstairs, unlocked the door, an' let him in. He gave three long ahnrohy&rd; sighB as if his heart was bracks 'An',' siz he, wid more big- tears beltin' down his n esc, biz he, 4 T don't want to bs disturbed, Mrs. Kerrigan, while. I'm at me prayers. An', wid yer lave, I'd like to lock meself in.' T6 be sbre ye may, an' welcome,' siz she. An' ehe hurried off downstairs to answer a knock that kem to the dure. Well, be hoppin' an' tbrottin', sure enough he was a quare long time wrastHu' wid his prayerB, an' the widow was bsrincin' to sret impatient - at the taydious delay he was : makin'. A.n' she wbb just half-way up the I stairs, when the feet was iffearly took from undher her be the fright ot hearin' the most j awful eereeohiu' ooxnin' from the room where ( ehe thought ihe nephew was Bayin' his prayers. . Wid tbe heart leppin' about In ber buzznm she listened, an' she heard a whippin' bawl; of 4 Holy saints in glory save . me ! Oh, tmole, let me out, an1 I'll never dar to come ; near "the place agin so look for yer money ! Ooh owne, murdher alive ! Murdber ! Will ; np one come an' save me?' j It was a very dork wlntfaer's night, and Mrs. Kerrigan taok fly in' jumps down the stairs that ye'd think she'd brake her neok. Tke heart wae pnt aorors, an' fhe ran out without her bonnet tb thry &n;' gt a man, and. after esrchin' about for some time, she otch one hidin' in a hall round the corner, bavin' a smoke. 4 Gome round, pells. siz she, 4 at once ; there's mnrdhcr in the house !' The poliB had only ju't lit the pipe. He didn't like to be disturbed, for he was a proud sort of constable, an picRia' the coal out of his pipe, be squared himself up before her with a oonsated turn, an' stuffin' the clay pipe in bis buzzatn, be axed where was the row. 4 Oh, don't I tell ye off round the corner a man has been murdhered up in the top room. Gome round at once, polls, or tbevell be holy slaughter/ The polis promihaded solemnly round (he corner to Mrs. Kerrigan's house; an' goin> up the stairs, he put his showldher agin the dure an' sint it in. An' there, up in the eff corner, bawlin' out for the bare life, was the nephew of his unole, jammed sideways agin Jl. . AS.LA ALA AL» I_ L - ine wftiDBoqi BO tiguk iut ye a «UISK xie was gro win' out of it. His arm was stuck thro' a hole in the' board right up to tbe root of the showldher, an' he roared that the gboet of his uncle or the divil had him cotch into the wall. . While all this, fuss and throuble was goin' on in Mrs. Kerrigan's house, a man belied out at the next house for the bare life, nearly, ye might say, half- naked, in his shirt an' throwsers. An tarip' around for another polls, as look would .have it, he dhropped on the sergeant, wipin' froth off his moustaoher, out of the back dure of a public- house. 4 Sergeant, come round hare. I want to show ye a rat that I've ootoh in a thrap, an' I'm goin' to set the tarrier at him. Come on, sergeant.' The sergeant was of a sportih' turn, ao he Btartsd off at once to gee the rat-henb, an' I suppOEe wid a sperrit of keepin' ordber if there wasn't fair play. Up he wint up the stairs to tbe top back room. His companion unlocked the dure. 1 Look there, sergeant— ye Fee how I've cotch him.' At tbe same moment there was an echo of roars behind tbe wall in the next room. And hangin' over the shelf g! a press in the wall, ag' tied by a skelp of rope to the leg of the table, was the human hand of a man. Oh, not a word of lie in it, I? was ootoh there like a double headed revet. 4 What's yer name V siz the sergeant. 4 Ms name is Mick M Hugh.' 4 Well, tell us all about it,' siz the sergeant. Mick pointed to some bags of coppers that wor lyin' on the table. 4 D'ye see thim money-bags, sergeant T Well, I had them looked' up in the press, sure enough, safe an' sound. An' I had only turned into bsd, when I heerd a tappln an' scratchin' at the back of the press. I didn't mind it at first, but, begar, whin I heerd some hard outtin' and scuffiin' thro' the boord, I quietly unlocked the press, an vnere i seen ine ngnc oi a cannie thro' a bole already made in the boord at the back of the press. An' afther a while a hand was thrust thro' the hole. The robber of the world had only time to ketch howld of one of me money bags, whin I "put a stopper on bis night's work be grippin' a sadden ho wit of his fist. I had a piece of rope in the cupboord just bandy, an' I tied him to the leg of the table. ; 4 Sergeant, wasn't it fortunate that I hap pened to be in so early, or I'd be desthroyed entirely?' 4 But where did ye manage to get all ths bags of coppers ?' siz the sergeant, 4 Well, I'm a charity collector, and thim is me rounds tor -the week-. An' only luck was on me side, to be in soon this evenin', or I'd have got meself into fiamin' tbrcubie.' Ail Ibis while there was great commotion in the next room. ; Well, now,' siz the sergeant, 4 do you keep an eye to the hand while I go into the other houee, an' let it loose whin I give ye the word. I'll just find out who is it owne it. He thin wint np throngh Mrs. Kerrigan's house, an' there he seen the other polis in a puzzle wid the neighbours round Paddy's nephew, where he was stuok agin, the wall like a barnacle to a rock. Let go yer howld of him, Mick M'Hcgb,' roared the sergeant, 4 until we bring him down to the station.' So Paddy's nephew was throtted off between the two polis wid burglary an' false pretences, an' other serious crimes. 4 What have ye got to say why sintsnce shouldn't be passed upon ye?' biz the" magistrate. 4 Well, ye eee, yer worship's honour, it's all very pimple in regard of how the matther happened. Whin I heerd of me uncle's death, I was cock sure, ail out, that he must have left money hid somewhere in the room, ao' I invinted an excuse that I was goin' to pray for his poor sowl that's in glory, an' whin I locked meself in the room, fair an' aisy, I began tappln' the waineoot till I kem to a holla sound. 44 Oh, bedad.-I'm ail right now tor sartaio/'eiz I; an' I worked away wid the ehisel till I scooped out a hole. Me heart got up in me mouth whin I felt the money-bags ; but whin l was cotch in the other room I was sure it was the ghost of me ancle that was gnardln' the bags. That's all I have in regard of the whole oonsarn, yer worship's honour. ' 4 Well, Larry, you'll go up for a month for desavin Mrs. Kerrigan wid yer falto pre tences.' Thank yer worship,' siz Larry ; an' he retired into private life for four weeks. Wellwthat was the finisbin' sarch for Mulligans fortune. Tbe story's made me thirsty ; I'll have another pint, yer honour. A dense fog prevailed last week over the greater part of England, and also in Ger many, France, and Denmark. 