JRAOINQ +ORTBAIT ORU-ERV. Anntollii novr vote, neenig wnnwi. hvfsrv amiiu. Jnfoor volnuw ho p« pOTtaiitooflOOioehot«e«1fllu6ti»tingtlie wholoHfe'oJ thB Turf. Ever? horeein the Melbourne Cup. u riioiuufiubried, and. thus trie voiumee in ferred to are put of the .hiatoiy of oor own turf, eavpell m theEnglUIi. In tho reicn of Waiiam HL appeared the i first of Uiree Eestem horses, to which the Australian racer haiha heck. Tills waa tlie Bycrly Turk. Tho eecond_borse vraa tho Darky. Arabian, tho third tlio tio- dolpliiu Arahian, so called, but a true Barb. All tlie lioreos now on Hie turf trace to Hie Byeriy Turk, Dariey Arab, or" Godolphin Barb. It is impossible, indeed, to find a racer which does not combine, somehow, the blood of all three. »' The Dariey Arabian's portrait shows: a lovely bay. Nert weliavQ his wonder- fulson, the prancing , Flying Chimera, with his tall up,' reputed to be the horse that did a mile a minute, but that w legendary. The explanation is that ho is supposed to have galloped a few strides at the rate of a mile a minute, express train. ... The Godolpliin Barb is a striking picture, a brown bay, with an unnaturally nigh crest and white on off heel. Ho was teaser. to a stallion named Hobgoblin, but was tried with a mare named Roxanna, producing Lath, tho most celebrated racer of his day, next lo Flying Cbildcra.' Itifi believed" that the English moresWMe iiratf, blood was engrafted. We follow out, with the portraits, the lines of the Dariey. Arab, Byeriy Turk, and Godolpliin Barb. Tho Dariey Arabian's line is repre sented twofold. First by bis sou Flying Childera, his grandsons Blaze and Snip, and -liis great grandson Snap. Secondly through his other son Bartiett's Cliilders, and his grc&t-great; grand son Eclipse. Flying Childers is a bay, with a blaze ou face, and four white feet, or white stockings, ns the fancy say. It iB chiefly in the female line that Flying Childers' blood is handed down to tiie Australian turf, and tiie English to-day. Bartiett's Childcn was sire of Squirt, whose eon Blank begat Eclipse and Young Marsk, sire of Shutlle. Tho rare straiu of Shuttle is reckoned voir pre cious in a racer at present. Eclipse's portrait shows us tiie most renowned in turf snibls. He was foaled 1st April, J7G4, the day of a wondrous eclipse of tho 6un. IVho . says there is nothing iu omens ! Remember how Guy Fawkcs was foaled Gth of November, and killed on Melbourne racecourae 5th of Novcm- bci. Then we have Craig's dream over Nimblcfoot. Eclipse is a chestnut, with w hite blaze down liis face, off hiud leg white, fiom hock downwards, and black spots on Iiib rump, a peculiarity often appearing in his descendants. Amid his sons were Pot-S-os, King Fergus, Joe Andrews and ; Merciuy. Pot-8-os was sire of Waxy, called Acc of Trumns in the Stud Book. Waxy begat Whalebone, whoso best sons were Camel and Sir Hercules. Camel was sire of Touchstone, and Sir Hercules cf Birdcatchcr, Faugli-a-Ballagh and Gciuma di Vergy. Touclislone was the giro of Newminstcr, who begat Lord Clifden, Adventurer, and Hermit, and 'To'Jciuiiuhe, fllbff flircd-Gifcuitfo, sire oF Teddingtoii. Here we get among fine portraits, by artists of the stump of Herring and Hall, worthy to illuminate tlie criticism of write re like Nimrod, Tlie Druid, Craven and Dashwood. Newminstcr is a beauti ful horse. Hermit muBb be viewed with interest, as a hero of romance. His Derby win was tlie most scusntional on record, the horse starting at 100 tol. Tlic illustrated Sporting ana Ih'amalic Neivs London, by last moil, in one of Rapier's smartly written gossipy articles, chal lenges & statement made by the Mcl- boumo Imperial Itcvinc. July last, as to tlie fairness of Hermit's Derby. The Imperial Iterinv writer, pitching into Chaplin and Machcll, affirms that there is grave reason for suspicion about the horse being saved up. Rapier scouts the idea, evidently with nn eye to please Mr Chaplin, the Imperial Review slating him as nn unfit Governor for »South Aus tralia, Hermit is not so vciy much to look at, but in tho Derby snowstorm be demon strated what a one lie was to go. Custancc refused the mount on him because he had not tho ghost of a show. A young jockey named Daley took the saddle, and Chaplin presented him with LG000. Well he might, for Chaplin won about L200,00(h Tlie; Marquis of Has tings was ruined. He had eloped with Chaplin's affianced bride, malting ber Marchioness of Hastings. The Marquis died of a broken heart. The widow mar ried Sir G. Chetwynd, now a friend of Chaplin, w ho married a daughter of Lord Anglesey. "Whalebone's blood descends through Wavcrlcy and his son Saddler. Whisker, Whalebone's brother, sired the Colonel and Economist, whose son Harkaway begat King Tom. Birdcatchcr begat Sauuterer, oiid the Baron, cire of Stockwell and Rata plan. Stockwdl's portrait shows tiie chestnut beauty, and wc turn over another leaf to his famed sons, Blair Atliol and Doncacter, both chestnuts, likewiso DoncnstcFs ehesuut eon Bend Or. Such horses brought the chestnut up' vory fashion able. Reverting hack io Eclipse's sons. King Fergus sired Bemngborough, sire of Orville, whence conies the stout blood of Emilius, 3?ri;un, Plenipotentiary. The lastnanied is about the most common looking horse iu all the four volumes, yet he was u clipjier. The old ranging comes up. They run in all shapes. When Wil son and Joe Thompson took a hor&ev; party swells to 6L Albans 1» Don Josau tlie'mdHi sis fist no. a rart hone, but Augur Chapmanqtuetty putin the old maxim. . Joe Andrews, son of JScbpse, leads ns down to Tramp, Jjotteiy, Sheet Anchor, Laneroost, Westher- hit, Beadsman sod Bluo Gown, valuable galaxy. send them skim , ming tdong the fcuif. What daisy-cuttera, In tiie pictures 1 Beadsman has Wells opt iho Jockey who code Fisherman in Ins great races."' Fisherman won 00 times. His burial place, st Maribyrnong, seems to be foraotten, but tiiore are sports who could lew you'to tlie exact spot. What a high, ambition was that of Hurtle Fislior at Maribyrnong. - Thcnoe, how ever, emanated a long line of winners, and the catalogue will go- on for all time. Strange to say, tho horse, named Man- bymbng, has boeu tho chief to keep the name alive, though tho Angler blood came with a rush later. Of course, Angler was suggested by the bream and mullet to be raugut, afteryou had brushed through the green lucerne lo the river bahd of the Saltwater. . . . Well, tiie old Byeriy Tui Jig, sire of Partner, sire Tartar, aire of King Herod, commonly called Hcroa plain. His portrait displays a bay of sine, sub stance and length, uucoinmon power, and stamina: - His famous son were Woodpecker and Htebflyer. ^Wood pecker siioa Buraord, sire of Oastrel, Selim, and Reubens ; three chestnuts, all of Alexander. . So wc work tliera in. from Castrel aiid Selem deacend Buzzard, Sultan, Heron, Glencoc, Bay Middletou, Cowl, Flying Dutchman, Pantaloon, Windhound, Pyrrhus the First Here is another galaxy of Eton. Book at Bay Middletou for stoutness and tho Flying Dutchman for aicd. Highflyer is represented through his son Sir Peter Tcauo, from whom descend Phantom Partisan, Venison, 'Alarm, Kingston, Wild Dayrcll, Sweetmeat, Macaroni, Par mesan, Favonius, Crcmoruc — another flight of rattlers. Tho Godolpliin Borh carries ub down to Trumpator, Sorcerer, Corn us, Smolensko, Humphrey Clinker, Melbourne, West Australian, Canezon, Blink Bonny, dam of Blair Athol. The geins of the three great lines, main trunk railroads of racing blood, are enumerated tliUB — 1. The Danley Arab's line, through Snap, . Shuttle, Waxy, Orville, tlie stoutest blood. 2. .Bycrly Turk's line, Buzzard and Sir Peter Teazle, speedy blood, the latter the stouter of tlie two. 3. Godolphin's line often producing large size, but showing a' tendency to die out and becoming rare. Tlie successes of the St. Lcccr winners have been marked at tho stud. Notable mares in the portraits are— Beeswing, Alioc, Hawthorn, CruciGx, Queen Maiy, Pocahontas, Paradigm, Manganese. Blair Atliol fetched 12,000 guineas at auction. Wo fetch up some jockeys as well, man and horse, the Centaur. There is -much point yet iu Switt's sarcasm, Gulliver's Travels, where lie exalts tlicHonyhyuhym above tiie Yalioo. Yet the man has some share. First, wo will notice the brown colt Cadlond, winner of tiie Two Thou sand Guineas, 1828, with Robin Bon in the saddle. A wonderful horse tiiis Robin son. Ho was tho favorite adversary of old Bucklo, who rode up to about sixty years of. age. Tough as steel, or pin wire, lie was. Cadland is a somewhat tucked up one, like Fisherman, who was amazingly short in the barrel, with spindlo legs. Here wc have John Day on Grey MomuB, A cautious jock, one of a racing family, like .the Avnully and Edwardsca. - There used to be a shoal of Edwardses, all sizes below livo foot four, at Newmarket. They were mostly the progeny of one Tiny Edwards. Tiny was one day show ing George IV, round his crowd of kids, allglued to the pigskin. "Good iieareiiB!" exclaimed tho King, " How that woman breeds?" The portrait of Cruicfix shows us a real marvel. She was the dam of Surplice, which Lord Geoigo Bentinck sold shortly before this animal won the Derby. He and Disraeli were, tlicy say, looking over some Blue Books when the news arrived. Bentinck, who had gone into politics,, heaved a big sigh. Then DismcU origi nated the saying that the Derby was the Blue Ribbon of the turf. Tlie names of a number of well known Australian racers are. borrowed from English winners. Such are Glen- coo, Alice, Hawthorn, Flatcntchcr, Lottery, Tim AVhiliier ; hut an enormous majority of Australian horses liavo ori ginal names, so that future stud hooks will not bo confusing. Otherwise it would bo as when sir H. B. Loch com- plaimed of the Australian wines, for bo ng named Vcrgniaud, Burgundy, Jolian- ncsborg, Tokay, and so on. Tho portrait of V. Day's Promised Land rccols an absurd objection to the namo as being scriptural, but Day changed the name of a horse he had called Good Friday. Hallo ! as they say at the Jlcrnhi telephone, here's a picture of little hollow-backed Marquis. Only a few years ago he was knocked down by Yuilie for 20 guineas, at tho National Society's show yard, St. Hilda road, where wo once saw the noted St. Albans," sire of so many Australian winners. On our study wall hangs the colored engraving of all the cracka rounding Tattenham Corner. It is a purely fancy picture, huddling together a mass of horses and jocks that never met, hut it is remarkably good. Our 'portrait col lection Iiob the angular French .horse Gladiatcur, who swept tlio board in Eng land. Immense propelling power is in those hind quarters. Griuishaw is in the saddle. Like French and Archer, he did -not hang out long. Ho was killed by tlic simnlc accident jof falling off the back of a dog cart at night. Hero is Fred Archer on Ormondo in tiie Duke of Westminster's yellow with block cap. Take off your bat: Poor Fred I Tlie Duke has a second color registered, yellow, with black sleeves and yellow cap. - Be is liko John Tait, who would -discriminate the yellow and black on two of his horses in one race. Scott, tho jockey, appears on tho bay colt Cotheratouc; Aldcroft,- of tho cele brated rush at tiie post, on the bay General Peel; Chaloncr on Macaroni; Wily Fonlham is on Sir Bcvys; and you mayporchanco likewise see him figured ou TUcbair, iu tho colora now sported for the Duchess of Montrose, wliito jacket, tartan bolt and cap. Fordhain'a favorite colors, however, were tho oil dork blue, ot least so be blooms in our bost portrait. Tlio Prince of Wales's colors are purple body, with gold braid, scarlet sfeevea, black cap, with gold fringe. Like Blr W. J. Clarke's colors, one would liko to see thorn oftener in. the van, catching the judge' eye. By the way, how Is It that tiio judge never haw but ono eye I It la police, "I've toy eye the other eye Is on a Duke of Commugld'e ate black jacket, with daPMtRpST black cap, The Duke of Beaufort has blue and W'liito hoops, red cap. These colors are worn by Wood, on the Puke's chest- put ftfly lleve d'Or. winner of Ilia OskSj 1687, The Duke falls in for very fey big things ibiit, like tho Prince 1 of Wales and f3iv\i, J, Chuko, lioau afford to pay up and look pleased, con- mom that MKe 'thousands of sovereigns which trickle iliioiudi his fingera to Feach and the other big bookmakers are devoted to the furtherance of a noble sport. . » The eminent and artistic joegceya who figure' in Taunton's pictures of winners include Hobnail, Ohifney, Olift, Forth, Paris, Templomin, Mariow, Marson. Butler, Snowden, Maldment, Constable, Osborne, Canncn. Tho coming man is Walts, who may outride Barrett and the sliady Wood. His portrait is in the last Baily. Coursing down tiie Derbya, here is the whole glorious roll in the picture hooka. Here is little tipaniel, vciy pretty. Orlando, of 1844, recoils the- scandal of Running Rein winning, buthe was proved to be a four year'old. This horse hoduias- ' queraded under three names, tlie other two being MaccalxEaandZanoni.Volligour is a handsome horse. Bo is MuBjid. Caractacus brings to mind the row there waa over his beating The Mnrauis so narrowly. Some said Tho Jlarquis's jockey woe drunk, hut the hackers cooled down. It ie time to .overhaul our bulky port folio of Australian winners. An old print, from n N.S.W. bar parlor, shows us Jorrocks, aud somebody lends us attempts at Buckley aud Petrel. Some early Melbourne lurf favoritesare Waver- ley, Bess o' Bedlam and Ballooii. Hera is Shadow, a fine mare that came from a place called Von Dicinon'a Land. Por- rraits of grey Modesty, Alice Hawthorn, Tombov. Veno, provoke reminiscences. We cut out of .an old Argus au advertise- mcut of tbe arrival of a now stallion, the Premier. His influence was great in pro ducing TombCy, Brownlock, Union Jack, Praxiteles, attcrivarda Mormon, and so many others, but Flying Jib might have been tho best, Lang hod him. Then there wasDolo, sire of Alma, Flying Colore and Dollarina. Romeo did not succeed so well. ' The beginning of a new era was when FlSlicrmrm caiue, and odd it was that tlio FiBhen should hare bought him. It was all Hurtle's doing. In Sydnpy Museum wc saw the skeleton of Sir Hercules, sire of tho Barb. Is it there yet ? But to resume with portraits. Here arc Ynttcn- don, New Warrior, and tlic old sires. Flying Buck is not much worth preserving, though ho ran away with tiie first Champion, just as Haricot did with the Cup many years after. Sorry we have not more portaits of jockeys, but yet there ore a bushel, in cluding tiioso mounted. Tho smartest ore sure to have their features perpetrated together with some horse. Thus we observe Woldock, Lang, Higgeraon, Cults, Adworth, Morrison, Driscoll, Donnelly, Monaglian, Wilson, Simpson, Yeomans, Stanley, Endereon, Adderloy, Cracknel, Hales, Williamson, Nicholson, Robertson, Chifuey, Yceud, St. Albans, Pigott, and many more. Grand Flaneur must challenge coin- parision for bcauiy. Whether he waa positively the best foaled soulh of the line must he left open ; but he is the Flying Childers and Eclipso r.s the un beaten, a distinction not achieved by The Barb, FiBliliook, First King, Malua oi the other claimants. A portrait ol Progress reminds us how unlucky he wat in coming tlio samo year as Grand FJaucur making him the inevitable. With similar ill-luck did that excellent Tim Whiffier filly Sybil drop in the same ycai with her half sister Bnscis. The portrait of Lurline awakens ad miration of a splendid animal, with the stamina. Loup Garou recalls nn astonish ing galloper. Ho sprawled over the turf. Some such a -goer was Moran'e Dutchman, tlio steeplechaser taken to England, hut his disqualification held good. We remember scoing him off iu tlic ship from Snndridge railway pier, and feeling assured lie had a fair throw in for tlie Livorpool Grand National, at about list and a few pounds, which they ought to have conceded to Australian pluck, but wickedness must not go unpunished in high places, even over high leaps. Not ouo of the cup winners is nissod in our collection. Archer, sprung forth, like ail arrow from the bow, eon of William Toll. See the diplomatic jockey, Cutis, is nego tiating him to victory two years running. Banker's cut shows not much o a one ; but Lantern must seize the eye. As for Toryboy, ho is a flukcr. But tlic Barb ! Sharpen your pen ! Here lie is, the Black Demon I Wb saw him knocked down at Kirk's Bazaar- when nineteen years old. The Professor tells us he died only about nine months ago, whereby his ago would be a quarter of a century nigh upon. The Professor also deponetii that Marquis died, shot, aliout two yean ago, whereby liis age would almost top tlie record of great racers. Did you ever hear tbe Professor sing s song ? Wc heard him only once, and it was not half a bad ono ; — Of all tbe horrid, hideous notcr of woe. Sadder than owl songs or the miuuiglit blast; Is that portentous pliruse, " I told vou ro" Uttered by frienus, thoaeproiibets of the past. When encored he broke forth in tho following warble : — Of Cup winners I've seen a score, and seven yet moreover. From Archer, Banker. Lantern, ontoDnulop's boss in clover, But neTcr knew I one to snot eo difficult as this 'un. With Arsenal and audi big guns a-bristling in garrison. With my ri fol lol, &c.; The Bsrbl knew, and Whiffling Tim, and like- wise Glencoe. Sir, And Warrior and Ntmblefoot, who showed 'em all his toe, Sir, The Poo rl aud Quack I didn't back because my tip was cut you see, And Don Juan I also misafd. when «Toa Thompson fobbed my notes with glee. With my rifol lol, &<. Then Harricot he bolted off with yet mora jfUVIIU lillMlUV, Not was Wollomal to the backers vciy much more sunny, And Brifieis ruined not a few with beauteous ' bowitchitude. Then Oalamia didn't prove the winner to en rich a dude, ' With tny rt fol lol, &c.; Yet still I stuckawith devil's luck, aud potted Ialec on Flaneur, And raised a trip to Knglandb -shore a tineing Rulo Britannia But down I dropped on outside nags, like Darriwell and Zola, Till Atayrian cleaned me Quite outright, worse than aiiy Hap or Loo, WKthlnyiifm&c.; 