: Variora. [Bit the Stai?j?.1 Matrimony 13 usually looked upon as a most enjoyable stuto, and it gouerally is so. Tho celebration of the tying together of two persons 'lor hotter, for worse,' is also considered on expensive affair, and those who have pusaed through the cere mony affirm that the assumption is a cor rect one. Thoro lire some people who like to have the proceedings carried out us quietly as possible, but others, again, like to make the most of it. In the ease of the former their account at the bank does not suHer much, while those of tho latter class find when they begin to ' settle down 'and the 'ghosts' make their appoarance that their display has co3t more than they anti cipated. The other day a friend of mine was married to a charming young lady, and one over whom a follow would not mind spending a few pounds in order that he might 'call her his very own.' And lie did spend a fow pounds, and things wont merrily, indeed. After the ; breakfast' a couple oE the guests were enjoying a smoke and talking about the affair., They wore both bachelors, and were thinking of the expense the bridegroom of the day had been put to. ' It'nuut havs cost him a good deal, old man,' said one to the other, ' what : with carriages; minister's fee, an organist to play tho.' Wedding March,' and sundries, besides furnishing, it must cost a chap1 over £100 before he has done. And talking.aboutexpense, fancy Alf. having to pay 'the.' 'organist' a guinea1 for playing. 'I was surprised whoii.I hoard it ;,, a friend oE the. family, 'too, and likely; to be more closely connected in a little while if rumor bo tiue.' . 'But you.dbnV say that', the organist really charged a guinea for play t ing,', put in the other. ' I do, though.' ' Well; some peoplearo jolly mean. And a guinea, too, for half an hour's work. Why, if the parties .married had been strangers I wouldn't think so much oE it; but when they are such friendsi and tlidt friendship is to be cemented by another marriage shortly,, I, think it's Oouceil mean, tp; say tho best of it.' ' Yen, 1 think it was pretty sharp, too; but I suppose ' professional ' people ' 'always ehargo for' their ser vices—' The conversation was hero, in terrupted by. someone calling them both inside to have a look at the bridu's presents, and tho two threw away their cigars and entore'd the house both mentally resolving that when their turn came to be marriod they would savo a guinea, at any rate, by doing without tho ' Wedding March.' '?'??' '? '' ? # # ' lie was an embryo barrister who was justiOn the point of developing into a full fledged ?member of- tho 'Devil's Brigade,' and to celebrate the event ? had invited a fow of his friend3 to a modest collation of muffins and beer. This was totake.place the day after he was admitted to the bar and tho notice in the paper of his admis sion Iwas to be the signal for his friends ito roll up. It duly came off, and with con scious pride he opened tho Southern morn ing journal, in which, in a neat paragraph; he expected to see: his name chronicled, as a member of the legal profession. The notice was thereall right, but there was an ad dition to it ho never bargained for, as it wound up with the announcement that ' a marquee would be erected for the benefit of the public,' and through this unlucky appendix, ovidently a typographical error, the ' fat was in the fire.' His friends who had been eagerly waiting for tho announco ment came to the conclusion1 that Charlio had received an extra ' fat ' cheque from his governor in the North on the auspicious occasion, and in the fullness of his; heart had determined to do the thing properly. At the appointed time his chambers were crowded with friends, accompanied by their sisters, cousins, and' aunts, all en quiring whero tho marquee had been erected and at what time the proceedings wero to commence. That unlucky addition had let Charlie in for a neat thing, and although ho felt seriously inclined to go for the printer straight he could not put !the clamorous company off, so he. had to make the best of a bad bargain, and by dint of explanation, apoliogies, and a hurriedly prepared collation, managed to satisfy thorn all. Now ho is: mentally ; calculating how many six-and- eight-pences it will take to square matters. ?''' ?'..'' '.,'?'? '. #*#'' ? '???' ? ?? ' '? ' ?? At one of the recent agricultural shows a ?mystified little gathering of country folk, with beautifully child-like and innocent faces encircled with wondering gaze a most peculiar looking exhibit in tho im plement and . machinery section. ., It was painted red, made of tin, had a handle like a barrel organ, and several feet of hoso, and when the crank was given a twist it made a most peculiar agonising sound like a pig under a gate. Some youth from Ballahoo said it was a sausage . machine, but his mother regretted having to rebuke him in company, and said it was : time he know .what a churn was. Another argued it was; a- new kind' of watering can,' another a sewing machine, and just as the argument was getting warm and: they began to call one another 'Iadie3iandigentlemen' the boss that ran the 'show came up and put all doubts' at rest by 'saying 'that 'the exhibit was, a rabbit 'extprmiriator.; 'Qhj yes.Iaeo now,' said one .freckled old duchess, 'you nabs the rabbits, puts 'em in that there 'ole and turns the 'sndlo and skins 'en clean.' 'No, madam, allow mo to explain. You sea this is filled .with poisoned air (I'll show you), and you put; this hoao in the warren, turn this handloj and everything living is dead in tho twinkling of a Jew's eye.' ['Phew. I I can smell it now.'] 'Look out, don't stiiud i too close,' ex claimed tho polito young m-m who was exnlaining tha machine. lie gave. 0110 twist, but ho could see nothing hut dust. No earthquake shock could scatter a crowd like that stuff did. They just streaked awny, bounding over ploughs, harrows, and reapers and binders, und for the rest of the day gavo that part of the ground up to the man' that had ' that infernal machine.' *** The late Minister of Lands, before he left, wrote a valedictory letter to the officers of his department very much in tho strain that a mother would lecture her disobedient offspring after giving him a straight-out spanking. ' I may have seemed, harsh and unsparing,' ran the Ministerial letter, ' but it was all for your own good, and the repu tation of the department has considerably improved during my term r of office.' No doubt those who still remain in office are very thankful to ? the Minister for his paternal care, but still thore are a ' good many among those dismissed ,who cannot appreciate his benevolence, and if rumor is correct those remaining' .were not sorry to see his back, for wp hoar voports of a regular jubilee being held on the eve of his departure. ThU may or may not bo truo, but it is certain thattlic blUcefs breathe liiorp freely now, and are lookiug forward to a much milder reign by the present head. Ilowover.tb give tho late Minister his due, he was correct when he said tliat the staff has risen in public estimation, and with all his faults as a departmental head, Mr Braddon worked a banenciftl changu, as far as the public, is concerned, by having busi nos's transacted in a prompt and satisfac tory' ninnner, and although. a bit of a marti net, ho considerably improved tho tone of the office. ? : !' ' 1 ' :***???':? , So the great Cup Day is over, and Mentor has won tho coveted prize, and thus decided the almost innumerable wagers ponding on the result. Of course there are many who are much richer by Mentor's (win, and there are those who have lost considerably. To those who 'touched' the lucky horso I wish overy succoss with their winnings, whilst to those who 'dropped' their coin I offer my sympathies. I am fortunate ns a rule in my speculations, and no, doubt, would, have been in this instance if I had taken less notice of the advice tendered me by some friends. On Tuesday morning I thought I wouldtbddlo down and seo.Staner 'under tho verandah ' and put a couple of pounds on Mentor. It reads very nice, now the race is all over, no doubt, but -still it's a fact. IVell, I was just passing the Royal Tasman when I met a friend who wanted to know whether I was going to bnck'any-' thing for the Cup. I told, him I intended speculating a couple of pounds.' ' Well, look iiore, I can put you on to a good thing. You know I am a friend of yours and would not advise you wrongly. I have studied this matter carefully and there's nothing in it but Tradition,' I. thanked him for tho information and walked on. At the corner I brushed against another acquaintance He came up to me and with a very know ing and man of importance kind of look said he had something to tell me. I thought of No. 1, and wondered what this one would have to say, presuming of course that it must bo something about the Cup, and so it was. Ho entered into along dissertation upon tho merits of the various horses and wound up by saying—' Now, don't forget ; it's a moral for Chicago, lie can win it hands down.' I also thanked him and said good byo. Now, I was in a dilemma. I don't presume to know much about horses myself, and I set to thinking which was tho best advice to follow. It was a difficult thing to decide. , Neither oE my advisers had said, ' I think so,' or 'there is every probability,' but both were sure on tho matter. As I knew both horses could not win I decided to put [my own, selection on one side and back each of tho horses that wero ' sure to win.' The result is soon told. I am two pounds out oE pocket, and my two friends are much lower in rny esti mation as to'thoir, ability at ' tipping.' If I had only stuck to my own fancy I would have boon a, few pounds richer and would have been able to take a holiday at Christ mas. However, it can't be helped, it's all oy,er now; And when I heard tlie result o tii'e race the thought flashed through my mind with lightning rapidity, 'Savo me from my friends,' but I suppose they both thought they were doing mo a good turn. . ??? ? **# '?' :?? ' Where are we all going to ?' Gobo used to say. Well, if the way business is now being got through at tho local Court-:houso continues we will soon go to perdition. For many days the musty Court has boen filUd with lawyers, dogs; stones, goslings, tittlebats, blasphemy, perjury, and reserved decisions, and appeals to tho Privy Council will, no doubt, follow. Over a trumpery1 affair, in which Michael Hogan,! Esquire, of Swamp Hall, Inveresk, was defendant, a case of damages, one of perjury, and one at the Court of Bequests,, each, lasting about! two: days, had, to 'be- heard before' it was: proved1 that Micky had not 'sool6d'his dog on the goslings ' with intent to do grievous bodily harm.' It was indeed pitiable to hear tho wragling and jangling over a simple neighbors' squabble, which could havu been squared whilo the goslings were goimf to roost; yot all the cumber some paraphernalia of the Courts and the wretchedly painful arguments causod by cuah party in the raising of technical ob jections whether tho goslings were 'snolud ' on to the flog or Micky 'sooled' tliu plaintiff had to be gone through before tho snpient P.M. reserved his decision as to Micky's rii,'ht to'sool' his dogjon to the young poultry. Shades of Alason, Gunn, and Murray, send us a smart and clear sighted judge, and also send us what Solo mon asked for — Wisdom and Knowledge. Tho tittlebat and trout case is another memorable quarrel which has gone on the records, and when some day fifty years henco tho dusty archivos aro cleansed and these papers read, for curiosity's sake, how thaukful the finder will be that he did not live at a period when the lamp of reason and common senS9 was burning so dimly. »** Nearly everybody knows that the collec tions taken up recently in Melbourne in aid of the hospitals oE that city amounted to nearly £14,000, and most people look upon the amount as something romarkable and consider that tha residents of Melbourne and suburbs are a liberal lot of people, And there are good grounds for the thought, but we find that a 'religious paper published in Melbourne has an article on the subject; and after commsneing by saying ' thore has been much blowing of exultant trumpets over the result of Hospital Sunday,' and re ferring to the amount collected asks if it is good enough ? The paragraph concludes as follows';— 'As a mattor of fact, tho total proceeds o£ Hospital Sunddj' 'amount to less than half the sum netted by tho owner of the horse that won the Caulflold Cup ! All tho philanthropy.that is, of this vast city, ongnged in an agreed and simultaneous effort on behalf of its charities, yield's half a3 much as is staked and won by a single sporting man in a single race. So much do the devotees of pleasure exceed in open handodness tho servants of duty.' Now there is something in tho above extract that savors of uncharitablencss. Snina poople lire never satisfied. Would it not have boen better to have accepted tho enormous sum collected and have been thankful for it, in stead of exhibiting a, moro grasping spirit. Wo all know that Melbourne has experi enced a most romarkable season of pros perity, und it is 'greatly owirig'to' this fact that the collections, wero so large.' .'And surely if tho times have been so prosperous one of the best of sports may be allowed to share in it without so much complaining! A correspondent writing from Melbourne relates an amusing conversation that took place between two settlers well known in the Huon district. Farmer Jones (who had never seen a tramway before) having just landed from the steamer was standing star ing at a tram car gfoing up Flinders-street For a second or two there was a puzzled expression on his face, and he turned to his companion, Farmer Smith, and exclaimed; 'Bless my soul, but Melbourne is a wonder ful place. There goes a car without bosses.' ' Don't need any, it's a cable car, and, the man on tho platform runs it,' responded farmer Smith, who had been to Melbourne once before since the trams had commenced running. Jones — ' You don't say so ? What a powerful strong chap he must be! No mistake, there's some wonderful people in Melbourne.' 