THE YOUNGEST MISS GREEN. BY F. W. ROBINBOK, . GOAPIBR IX. AtHMUMNIHO CLOUD. t Author ol "Grandmother'S Money," "Lazarus TA TON (too," " Courting ofWary Hmlth." " Ninety: nine, Dark-street," "No Church," 4c., 6c. George Tynan turned fab chair aomswhai TOMTAI hu «IMN no THAT be could faoe her, fell front, if it wen nsnnsssry; ha Mt his elbow on the edge AT the Raltery, leaned his head OA-HTA right hand, ud waited patiently tot all mxttn'* deuuncUtiOM. • • " Do yoa know what I have been doing since MVRFTNRN to the hotel this evening!'' asked HN. Tyaon. ** I nimftt RWIJHY IIWF E*NTI IUT N N I have been in cjuaoitati M with my aottdtor." T-J- ' « What, OAVMDL3 I» he in Harroftate?- llTer gone wrtu •pin, I wppcee. I shall be • GITD so aee the old bay," were the rapid and EASY comments twtfala. Oamments too rapid •to pleaM a woman whom tt was always hard toplease, tor the white eyebrows con tract sd a little more overthe eyes, from the depth* Of trhioh shot a sinister gleam. " Yes, hfrls in Harrogate. It was a happy oolnotdenoe to find him here. I wanted to aee him badly, and"—after a long pause—" I faave'aeen him." V « AHL" aaid oar hero Ustieady, " and how it he? Baa the change done him any good I" fie peered down into the bmllrtx>M again, sodded-to Vanda, who. waa looking in his direotion* and. who waved IER fan towards Mm In reoognMan, evien in .CITY for him, by the odd Utile TF7IOUE she made before turning ANLATAM^^^O^TERSATION T> BTFMN them— then he WAKED for his aunt to reply tohis MM Tysondld not ooodeeoend to: reply to them. 1 She went on with her own- sanative. " And -IJTUHRE had drawn up this evening aaotheiswtt whioh, onle«S yoa assent to. the proposal'which I make TO_YOA, £ shall, as UOD's my witnsas, afenfcefore the week Is flat" > • . . . ; \- 8he was VW yataru anddecislvw, and GCAR|E Tyson chakged oolonr •GIIN^beeame of .las old xed BRIOI-daat hoe for' an instant—as ke listened.- HE^fcaewwhat was owning; It. bad been «N old threat, bat it had never fcetn «O«l()MTE4T8 fulfilment as on that infenspioibaa etoMdag. • "WeHi"lie SAID^ : " stretch of** girl, 8herwOo<ir i Wbo as tmflt ,lor pou iaevery way, who doaPtitottoarefor yonvwho b-aamuoh la love with anoUwT'manias akB is 'capable bf beinglii'lo^e^ith anything except herself, I a-.'-- i : - : - - ^ Well,"'HA aald lor theoeoondttme. •'And* laavesyoa WITHOUT a penny in the " Y<M FCAWTOLD me thlsbetore. Aunt." ANAYOB liave takeoha wanuag." ^' WFEYTSHOAMIRI-WAS THSRAPLY. "loare ITIR-V-atfuPtoo NNOH.aftd MRMOMSR 1 don't ' ' V «M34O»?»O8NG to .think of FAD I aU4eeliah to tell yoa «O; estdtffsrtng me a prioe—to MS TO*F$ttfep4hegirl I lore ou ME* wtc/HSD me to marry— ITFF the Wtiament. Why," he [LY, "" there/is no argument In it/:-, . - : . • • Ho Wsa.veryred now, audit wuplunthat the soft HLNE ejres eoald-give forth much lightning when his OWN-pride, or his «wa temper, was roused, FIII aunt had ottered just theWTFRDS wtrich tould vting him most, bat WHRU troald hasdlm -him the most to naiat 8to <ras.«o wiserthan tow nephew in Iter way. Olven ALRIGHT road -and a wrong, and "LA 1 her aelf-eonrait 'aad arrogance she V wonla'Wke the wrong very often. After- all, FTEH AREUBE or twain thii world after Mrs. S^MA^B'PHTTTTN. Yoa and I know them, GMTLE REAFLTTJ and ate of oonrae highly distresBtid that they are not AS we and other folk are. We are in duty bound to be sorry. It la trae Christian feeling, and reflects a little credit N txs. . "If she cared tor yoa in the least-yoa might afford to deepise me and my threats," eald the old -lady, keeping to the one point which ehe knew affected her nephew the most, "she is rich, and her money would make amends for the loss of mine. Bat, if yon have calculated that way, George, yoa are ejtregiously mistaken." " leave not calculated at alL" . "Ihave grown tired of your Midsummer . madness, your defiance of me, your want of forethought, your extravagance, your dUobe dience. ASA I have made up my mind." "So have L" ? Aant and nephew looked Vary steadfastly at each other again, as if the-FINT passage of anna waa over and the second about to begin. People in the ballroom notioed them now; the children IFI the long galltfry, the maids and- the governess at the other end, ooald BETE some of the high-pitched notes of, Aant Tyaon aaad the deep reverberatoiy responses of the nephew, aabdoed AA waa the key in which they both spoke. Vanda Sherwood and Alan Unfold danced up curiotuly at times, and Miss BAS table's GLASSES were foensted in their direction and glittered over the RIM of the little open fan which ahe held partly before her face.. Presently George Tyson said— "HAD we not better conttnna this disouB AION in yoni own apartments R ••Ko; "Por 4 what reason T" -'1-preferTO remain," waa the ahort exiDlaoaoon proffered. " Very welL" "I can point to my moral here. Possibly before the night is over and that braying band IT as gone home I may be able to convince «venjou." "I don't think so." They did not apeak again for a while. The young people below walked gaily round the polished floor, the dyspeptic, the goaty, the rheamatic, and the fringe of the non-dancing holiday folk in odd corners and loafing about the doors bad become also attracted' fay the two figures in the gallery, guessing that there was something .atrange. in them, and that even something out of the common was taking place up there to three four time. ' It was one of the late nights at the Ssepfcre —none of yoar cat ahort, (Snderella business, with the gas'goiag down just as the guests' apirita were;GAIAG up. and the waiters clearing off everything as a aignificant hint for people to be off to their/BED*—this was a return dance to the Oxygen folk lower down the Stray, and who, rumour asserted, were always dancing, and had come to Harrogate for no other earthly purpose. Numerous folk at the Soeptare, owing to these late hoars, would do without their salphar baths. aad brimstone and iron doses the next morning and be none the worse for them. It was 12 o'clock already; the outsiders had given : ap looking through thewindowa and gone their various WAYS, the ladies'.maids and governess and children had disappeared from the gallery, and left aunt and nephew to their own absorbing company, bat these two still SAT and talked: with animation, the old lady, it was observed, gesticulating vehemently, and letting one hand how and then fall upon the railing of the gallery with a sounding thwack that turned A hundred extra eyea in their direction, if the music were not playing, " Unlucky boy/' said Vanda to Alan Linfold, a few minutes after 12, when the fact had bent impressed upon her that she was dizzy and tind, and must get away to rest or have a JIOE little faint all to heraelf. " Did poor&eorge; come down from London for th»t kind of amusement, I wonder ?" "1 don't think he did," was the : grave answer; " and I don't, think. Miss Vanda, that you are wandering much about it" " Well, perhaps not, I may wonder what business of importancoit is that keeps him at bis aunt's side so long,'though." " He is offended, and will not come down. "Ob, no. Not offended with me, at least!" "With me, perhaps, for monopolizing so much of your attention this evening," remarked Alan Linfold. "He baa no right to be hurt at that. He does not care himself—he prefers his aunt's society," aaid Vanda, a little angrily. " He ia afraid of hia aunt—and very natu rally." "If I were a man I would not be afraid of any woman." " There is always one woman in the world of whom a man is afraid, I fancy." " Ah, you are fall of fancies." " Yea. And of day-dreams; and of atrauge fears and hopes," he said in a lower tone. Vanda.. looked down, blushed, aad then looked np at him again. "And of what woman are you afraid, Mr. Unfold F' " You," was the frank oonfeasion. " What have I done to acare you ?" asked Vanda with a laugh. " I said I would go away from here to day —from here.and you for good," he replied. " That I could bear it no longer—that I would be tree, or have a right to tell him ap there that I am not. and tnat you and I hive made up onr minds." " Which we haven't. And yoa did not take this perilous journey to town because yon were afraid of me ?" " Precisely so." " I should have thought, Mr. Linfold, you were afraid of finding your Clubs empty aad yoar friends scattered, and thit here was more distraction—for the time." " Here is more" "Good-night!" waB the qaick interruption at this juncture. "If 1 am ill to-morrow they will tell me it is all my fault, my wilfol obstinacy and—yoa ! Gool-night!" • Bat" " I am not going to litfen to anything more. I have finished. Come, ~Miaa Bistable." They shook hands, bat he was not satisfied with that. He walkedtoy heraide oat of the room, and Miss Suatable walked a few paoes behind THEM^ All three looked up at tbe baloony before they passed beneath it, anil through - a pair of entranoe doors that were then. Young Tyson, they fancied, waa lookdown upon THAIN^ and the aunt, grim, :efuL and with a faoe the colour of her old gold drees, waa staring far ahead of tham, and did not respond to some friendly rigns of farewell greetings LAS they stole away. At the foot of the stairs when the throe came to a halt Alan Linfold, with a sudden outburst aa it wen. exclaimed— "Miss Sherwood—Vanda—an you sorry that I stopped ? That I have not the oourage to go away! Pray tell me." "Sorry? No." " An yoa glad I did not go. If you would only SAV that before the morning, before George Tyson " "I will not anything more but—'Good night.'" She shook hands with him again, however, and then they parted at the foot ot the stairs, Vanda going up very thoughtfully and with a happy smile, and MIAA Baatable walking in alienee by her side and keeping step with bar. On the first broad binding they encountered George Tyson with his eyes aflame and with no doubt now that threnfonrtha of the blood in his body had all made for his head. "Ah, George, you have left your aunts side at last. I hope you have spent a pleasant evening." " I hope you have, Vanda. You have done your beat—ao has Linfold—to make it as pleaaant an evening as it Waa possible without me." "Oh dear, how satirical we are." " Where's the fellow gone T" "I really don't know. "I am going down topunch his head, upon my ooul I am," cried George,I cannot stand any more of this. I won't. I aee it all so plainly, though 1 have tried hard not to believe what people have told me." '"George, don't be foolish," exclaimed Vanda,'in alarm now; " don't be rash—don't believe anything yet. I waut to speak to you to-morrow." " And I want to apeak to you," he retorted, not too oonrteoualy. But Vanda waa meek and under selfcontrol for once, There waa something new and STR≱ about her that even helped to subdue the ireful tone and gaze of young George Tyson. She was less exoitable, and yet waa not at ease—ehe took the present crisis with grave seriousness. "I have much-TO tell you,George; be early in the Spa Gardens, betoro -the people and the music arrive. I ahall be well •enough to come." "At what hour?" "Ten. -You can trust me for a few more honrKlbope. " Well—yes. At ten,- then. And I ahall kave some big, black news for yoa." "Your aunt!" ' - "HA! You can guess," " No, no. I will guess nothing," ahe cried hastily. " Don't ted me—don't aay a word more, George. Please do not," ahe urged. "Very well." " Go back to yoar aunt—don't leave her in that terrible mood, and with that dreadful look upon her fase.. I know, what ahe has said—what Bhe has threatened—bat don't tell me.- Go back to her." " Not to-night," aaid George Tyson firmly, "never again, perhaps. It depends upon you." . *'Please don't," she murmured again, "yoa make me ao unhappy. Good night." "Good night." " And till to-morrow—trust me." " ONLJR till to- morrow, do you mean ?" he asked with stiange pathos. She did not answer. She made an effort, and failed to find her voice. IT was completely gone. She turned away with Miss Bustable, after one sign for him to leave her, and he went upstairs to his room on the second floor without another effort to force his society upon her. What a night it had been—what an ordeal, even what a mystery ! What an accursed aud melancholy failure, too, he thought as he strode on, and amidst it all and interwoven with it, like the threads of gold in Vanda'a parple-cloak, the miserable threat o! the money—the despicable motive for it all, the snare, and the temptation The upper part of the hotel- was deserted; only one pair of boots were put outside tiie door in all that long, draughty corridor, aad big, heavy "laceups" they wen, thickly covered with Yorkshire clay, and telling of a hard-walking tourist'with A soul above the frivolities going on down atura when the fiddlers wen scraping, the piano thumping, and the dancers whirling round and round ataU. Happy and volatile Sceptre, bat covering one or two very heavy hearts, and heralding on that "extra dance night" some wonderful and even woful changes—having the elements of tragedy flickering in the background like the ghosts of aad fates waiting-their tarn to arise when the lights wen oat and the fiddlers had gone home. ~ Tyson's tramp seemed to shake the hoase upstairs, and wake all the echoes—seemed to affright some one in Tyson'S OIRA room, -for as he neared the door, to his surprise, it was unfastened, and by a band that rambled in great haste, as if its owner wen in fear of being founa locked in. George Tyson turned the handle and EN tered. The room waa not quite dark, for the blind had been drawn up to its fullest extent, and then was moonlight beyond, and black ahadowa and brightetreaks of silver making a cross-barred pattern on the bed and carpet. And standing against the dreesing- table, w|th its face towards the door, waiting and watching was the figure of a man. George Tyson gave a start, bat his nerves wen strong, and not his master. He walked steadily towards the figure, which moved slightly as he advanced, and seemed to cower away from him as he came nearer and neanr. "What. Green!" exclaimed George, as he recognised the figure aaddenly; " what on earth are yoa doing here ?" 