Tho New l'arlluiuciit. Mr. Matthew Mbllob. SfiMn. Mrllor is a Staffordshire man, and that is saying a groat donl iu Lis favor. Ho . is about 50 yoars of ago. Hie odrly lifo was dovotod to farming pursuits, and on his arrival in Queensland he took to his old calling, on tho Logan. Ho bcoamo ono of tho fleet rosidonts of Gyinpio aftor tho dis covery sf gold thoro, and was tho first Mayor of that town. Ho has long hold a J considerable interest in Bomo of tho prosper ous mines at Gyinpio. In 1883 lie- was re turned ob sonior member for Wide Bay, nnd has now boon returned as junior moinbor for Gympic. In tho Houeo Mr. Mollor watohos all tilings, but notivcly ongugos chiefly in mining and fa: ming matters which oorao bo foro tho Assembly. Ho is a solf -possessed, quiet man, of praotical ways, and a faithful oupportor of tho Liboral party as at prcsont oomposod. Mr. A. Morgan. Mr. Morgan has hardly lost tho bloom of youth. .Uc was still anting pap anddriuking milk wlion somo other colonists — whon Mr. Groom for instance — first antored Parlia ment. . Ho i'b native born, ono of our ow.i roaring.' His fathor was proprietor and . odibor of tho Warwick Argue ; so is tho son. His fa'hor reproBonlcd Warwick in Parl'a- i ment, so docs tho son. Ho wss returned for the first timo to tho last Parliamout in ti o plucq of Mr. Horwitz, rosignod. Mr. Morgan iiasyct to bIiow what is in him. In his first ' Politest ho bout Mr, 'Allan; a popular man, and now ho has beaten aaothor looal colobrity, Plainly Mr. Morgan has soino foroo of ohnructur, and may bo expeotod to make a good mombcr. Ho thoroughly bolioves iu tho t'io recto. — tlio ghost which haunts Toowoomba — and in Sir 8. W. Griffith. This is only a noto, not a. ohuptor in Mr. Morgan's history. Wo inuat mako history boforo it oan ho written Mr, Willi tat' Smyth. ; Mr. Smyth is a Sydney boy, nnd is a genuino Smith, -though, ho spoils h's namo with a "y" inslond of spoliiag it in tho. usual way. Iio is. .43 yonrs. old.' At' tho ' ourly ago of 23 ho mado his way to Gympio, dotorm'nod to oarvoout his fortune or dio in tho effort. From ongageinonts in ininos, I10 bcoamo a mining maniu'.or, nti 1 a miuo-ownor of tho more suocossfiil sort. Ho also took kindly to tho tirabor business. Ho was ro-. turnod as a representative of Gyinpio in 1883. In tlio Houbo Mr. Smyth sits behind tho Treasury bonolios us at prosont oooupiod, and woll up to tho foro to show thnt ho givos no half-hoartod supportlto tho Liboral party. Ho usually, confines his nddrcssos in tho Assembly to tlioso questions of whioli I10 has a thoroughly - practical knowlodgo always speaking forcibly and to tlio point. He recently visitod Europe to promoto somo mining vontures, and on his return it was re ported that ho had lost tho oonfidonoo of his constituents. That has provod to bo n mis take, sinco at his prosont election ho bonds tho poll, sororoly. defeating tlio Opposition candidate. ' ' Mr. E. J. Stbtins. Mr. Stovons, who has now been returned unopposed for tho Logan, roprosonlcd Unit olcctorato iu tho Into Pav'iainsnt. At his oleotion tlion ho pollod 445, against 429 polled by Lis opponent, Mr. M'Lean. But his oarcor in Parliament having beon so satis factory to his constituents, there was no con test this timo, although tho electorate has . grown, and thore now are in it 1.C04 valors. Mr, Stevens, who is in middlo lifo, has for somo, yoars. boon engaged in squatting pur suits,' but ' has novor alliod himself closoly with what is known ub ' tho squatting party. His soat in tho Houeo has ulways boon as far . down : on : tho Opposition oross-bo notice as poasiblo, sopnrated from tho Ministerial oross-bcnchos only by tho passago. It is generally understood that his porsonal sympa thies are with tho party in powor. Ho has boon raluruod as an Indopondont mombor, but his indopondonce is not robuBt. Mr. Stovens is a man of gontiomanly bearing and ,of known oommorcial uprightness. , Ho jsoldom spoaks in tho Houso, but whon ho idoes it is with tho intolliganco and quiet -manuor whioli olhorwiso mark tho man.. Ho is a useful representative, aud in porsonal chareotor a orcdit to Parliament. ! Mr. J. F. Annbar. ' Mr. Annear is a host in himsolf, he is a typioal " consin " Jack. He is 46 years old, and one has only to see him to noto that fortune made some mistake in taking up tho work of nature, when alio took up Mr, Annoar. Ho is oho of those undeveloped 1 forces which one occasion ally meets with, and ' wbiah cause surprise that they havo done so well, and still more that they have not dona better. Nature intended Mr. Annear to be a speaker, and in all gravity it may be stated tbnt be has Borne of the inorked and indiapensablo qualities of a groat orator. Tbo wonder is that thoy 'are generally usod bo well in tho at senoe of their complemen tary and bi lancing forces. He, yoaro ago commenced the business of a contractor at Maryborough, and is beyond disputo the most popular man in that town. Ho wsr first returned to Parliament during tho lifetimo of the last House, and always rat well up on tha Government benohes. His groat ioflnonoe in Maryborough has had not a little 1 1 do with the defeat of an old Parliamentarian, Mr, King, and the victory of his present colleague. Mr. Hyne, John a nnnnv in not- a tnlkntivo member, but whon he does spook, it is as if ho believed overy word spoken and expected veryono listen ing to do tho same. Mr. W- Pattison. Mr. Pattison iB said to have boon born in Tasmania, and tlio namo in ono or othor. of its spoliings is -well known thoro. A beauti ful stretch of tlio oountry. on tho northorn side is, if wo mistake not, callod Pattison's Plains, nnd a principal street in Launooston is callod Paltison-stroot. Wo are not quito su"0 about tho spoiling. Mr. , Pattison for many yoars pursuod an honest vocation up northward, and by ono of tlioso raps' of fortune said to oomo once' at evory' man's door Air. Pattison obtained s'liaros ' in tho' groat Mount Morgan miuoi'aod honcotiioao- ouraululion of . a'. 'largo ; fortuno. On Air. Arohpr's rosigna'ion ' of his Bcat in tho' last Parliament fcr Blacknll, Mr. Pattison was roturnod, and now tiio two are returned for Rockhampton proper. Air. Pattison sits on tiio Opposition sido of the Houso. Ho is said to hare a groat admiration for cir 8. W. Griffith, but not for his policy ; and not to havo a grout liking for tho othor lcador, but to admire his polioy. 'This is perhaps, a doubtful compliment to Mr. Pattison, for it is. woll known, that the Promior's policy is rather a oomprohonsivo one, whilst no ono has ovor saen tho othor. Mr. Pattison when in tho House oonfines his nttontion almost oxolusiroly to municipal subjects, and nrt having in any fair Bonso the gift of speech usually treats tho IIouso to goldon silenoo. Mr. A. Aroiibu, M'b. Arohibald Archer is from Fife, in Sootlaud, tho only country that owns suoli a Fifo. Mr. Arolior was born in 1820, and came to Australia bo long sinco ns 1842. Sabsoquontly coming to Qupons'and, ho on- gaged in pastoral and commoroial pursuits, making himself so woll known and bstcomed at Rockhampton, that ho was returned as a mombor for that town in 1867, Under the iato M'llwrailh Government ho was Colonial Treasurer aud also Secretary for Publio Instruction. Reoontly ho visitod Europe, having first rosignod his seat in Parliament. On his return he was at onoo thought of as a candidate for his old constituency, and for it ho has boon returned by a substantial voto. Ho may ho relied upon to support Sir Thomas, but is not a demonstrative fol- lowor. Thoso win know Mr. Arohor best ostaem him most as a man of moro than avorags powor, oducation, and oxpotionoo, Ho does not frequently speak in tlio Houso, but whon ho doos ho is sure of a lionring. Ho is oloar, safo, and sinocro. If it is a fair thing to divldo mombirs by any sooial rules, Mr. Arohor is nlwiys snfo to bo rnnkod amongst gontloraoii. There is a family of Arohor Brothers, all of thorn mon known in responsible positions. Mr. Arohor bus, wo loliove, novor married. ' Mr, J. Maofarlanh, Whoovor ovon looks at Air. AlaoFnrlanc may judge him to bo from tho land of oakrs, oatmeal, and universities. Ho was born ub Glasgow, nnd is now just on I ho sunny sido of CO yoars of ago. It is 26 years sinco ho enma to Queensland, pitching his tent nt Ipswich, whoro ho is as widely rospcotod as known. In 1877 ho wns ' returned to repro- eant that town in Parliament, and although less popular by a fow votos than tho now sonior moinbor, ho still has a hoa'thy hold on his constituents. Amid muoh disoourugo- inonb tho Oppcsition pirty set up two osntl'- datos at Ipswich, entertaining a forlorn liopo that perhaps Mr. Maofnrlano's soat might bo knooked from under him. 'I liny aro. a great deal di courngod to find that thoir supposed victim is to- day crowned wilh tho laurel of tho suoocssful man Mr. Mnofiirlnno iB a sinnch tcototailer, not I ho only ono in tho Houso, but ono of tho most pronounced. It is indisputable that his personal oxamplo bus had no Bmall offoct upon lion, members, tho most hardonod toper treating him wilh innrkod rospoct for his principles, if uuublo from long habit io onothor direction to fol low lm oxamp'o. Ho is aconsiderablo powor in oortnin debates, und 01111 always bo reiiod upon for oloar nnd fpreiblo advocacy of po; u- Inr measures. He is a good way moro lhan an avarago mombor of tho Houso, though as to iiis par'y lio takes tho cross benah position in honour of the old Ipswich bunoh idea. Mr. M. Hume Black. Mr. Blaok must havo boon born within sound of L'ow Bolls, and though born noarly 53 yoais ago, ho b: ill rotuins somo of tho gonuino cooknoy brogue. Ho is a fairly tall, woll-mado, vigorous man, witti plenty of lioad ; and an aye that roups liarroscs whoro somo others soe nothing to reap. Ho lately sat on. the Opposition sido of the Houso, .but has npw boon roturnod again for Muckay, though flying an indopondont flag. Its pre cise charaotor ono doos not know, it has both stars und stripos, and he hns always boon u party man. Ho first ongaged in pastoral pursuits in South Australia, and is now, und for a long timo has boon, ongaged ulso iu tho sugar industry. Last year - he proooodod to LoildnU'tfl . YAnraRfinh Mill nmisn n P tmwl.linun separation. ..Ho still bolioves in that causo, but is not unwilling to sco triod some of tho proposed inonsuras of Sir 8. W. Griffith, giving moro looal powor to northern districts. Mr. Ulack is a good mombor of Parliament, nnd would bo of any Parliamout in thoso lands. He contains all the possibilities of a good Ministor of tho Crown!— -Telegraph, 