PROTECTION AT PARRA- MATTA. A MAGNIFICENT MEETING. ENTHUSIASTIC RECEPTION OF ' OPPOSITION MEMBERS. One of the most successful demonstration3 in favour of Protection whiuli, porhapi, has ever taken place in the colony, occurred last evening at Parramatta. under the auspices of tho Couiicil of the Central Cumberland Proteoton Association, which it may he explained is the exi'cnttvc body oE the various united Protection organisations in the Central Cumberland electorate. The demonstration of lust evening was inten ded to celebrate the completion of this union, which beyond doubt will have a powerful influence in all future elections in this district. Messrs. Lyne, M L. A ,.J, P. Abbott, M.L, A., Toohey, M L. A;, Buchanan, M.L.A., Hasaa.ll, M.L. A., Fletcher, M.L.A., M'Farlnne, M.L A., and W. J. Allen, M.L. A., were invited to join in tho demonstration, and arrived in Parramatta by the truin leaving the Devon shire- street station at 7 p.m., reaching Parramatta a few minutes p'.st 8. On tho honorable gentlemen alighting fcoin tho railway carriage, they were received on the platform by Messrs. A. Goo (president of the Central Cumberland Council), Mr. lleaton (secretary of the council), Mr. Swain (general secretary), Mr. J. Thorpe, Mr. Airey, and other prominent Protec tionists of Parramatta and Central Cum berland. An informal processiou, num bering some five hundred persons, having been formed, and healed by the local band playing lively airs, a movement was made for tho fine Town Hall, which was brilliantly lighted and its doors thrown open to receive tho visitors. . The large room where tho meeting was held is a really splendid one, and reflects infinite credit on the public spirit of the people of Parramatta. It may be useful liere, without being ungracions, to ven- ture a hint to the promoters of last evening's magnificent demonstration, where everything was, as a rule, . so well arranged and carried out; the reporters' table should not have been placed at the back of the platform and the speakers. The platform was crowded with gentlemen, and even had not some of them engaged in conversation during tho evening, and thus prevented the speakers for the time from being heard, it would have been, and as a fact proved, most dif ficult to catch what fell from some of thoRe who addressed the meeting, and most of whom made telling speeches. Unfortunately when the inconvenience of the position of the table was discovered, it was too late to create a dis turbance by displacing the gentlemen who had already taken their seats in front. However, this is merely thrown out as a hint to "private secretaries," and secre taries in general. Amongst those on the platform were the members of Parliament already named, and the gentlemen who acted as a reception , committee; also, Messrs. H. Richardson, J. Temsctt, Aldermen F. C. Cox, N. G. Bull (Liverpool), Hollier, G. Wright and J . W. WatKin. About 800 persons were present, and it was mentioned that a much larger number would have been in attendance hod they not felt it their duty to assist at an entertainment in aid of tho local hospital. The Parliamentary visitors, on making their appearance, were received with cheers. Mr. A Gee, President of the Central Cumberland Council, presided, and in opening the proceedings said that he had never presided over any meeting with greater pleasure, because he was tlio- loughly atone with its objects. (Applause.) The chief object of the gathering was to make known to the people, of Central Cumberland that the Council of the various Protection organisations in tho electorate had been established. About four years ago Mr. Rose, the well-known lecturer on Protection, called upon him and asked him to preside at a meeting like the present. He (the Chairman) and all his relations were at that time Free traders, but ever since then he had been thinking over the question, and witli the aid, not of figures, but of the affairs of everyday life he had come to the conclusion that, par ticularly, in the interests of Ms children, lie must give his adhesion to Protection. (Cheere.) The object of the Council was to bring together the different branches of the Protection organisation, so that tbey might be able to decide promptly, when ever occasion arose, what candidate they would accept, and what course of action pursue. He would, however, not detain the meeting further, as there wore several other gentlemen who were well qualified to furnish them with food for reflection. (Applause.) Mr. Bull proposed the first resolution as follows : — " That in the opinion of.this meeting, the present depression in trade, the paralysis in production and conse quent want of employment in all branches of industry are mainly due to our Free- trade policy, which floodB the country with imported goods, deprives men of employ ment, and prevents onr youths from learn ing trades, and snch policy must be re placed by a policy of discriminating Protection extending over all indus. tries suited to the colony." He said every day, wherever he went, he saw evidence of the fact that what wa3 wanted to make this country rioh and prosperous was a system of Protection. When we looked at the children growing up around us, tho question arose, what was to be done with them, and there was no answer except in Protection, He had been recently in Melbourne for a couple of weeks, and everything he saw .there confirmed him in favour of a now fiscal policy. Mr. Thobpe seconded the 'resolution, and stated that no subject could have brought together so large a meeting in Parramatta as that of Protection. If Sir Henry Parkes believed in ghosts (laughter) he muBt see that if Protection hud been killed its ghost was certainly walking everywhere. (Laughter.) Mr. David Buchanan, M.L. A., sup ported the resolution, and in coming for ward was received with cheers. He took exception to the word " Free-trade" being used in the resolution. It ought to be " False-trade," for it was essentially false. Under it the population which was expand ing in the country conld have no employ ment, and must become idle and meat1 J The roBult of Free-trade was to deprive men of tlieir labour, and that result was seen hero, where the State supported from 2000 to 5000 unemployed men. Free- trade paralysed the hand of industry, and conjured np all the evils of idleness and inenergy. For the last 20 years he (Mr. Buchanan) had laboured to expose the rottenness of the system which now pre vailed. What was the hope of tho mechanic coming here from England? Of course to obtain employment and to be able to support his wife and family, bnt Free-trade took from him, when he came hero, every vestige of hope. How were these people to be provided IJfor ? JNot long since he pnt that question to Mr. John Bright, who was nnable to answer it. At present the fiscal policy of the country was in the hands of the Sydney importers, whoso solo object was gain. (Applause.) _ He had not arrived at his present opinions from the dismal science of political economy, which was really no policy at all, bnt from what he hod soen under bis own eyes. In 1878 he pre dicted tho' result of stopping the sole of the public lands. Last year .£187,000 was paid in wages by the Government to unemployed, T? a polioy of Protection were adopted, 1>.oo-:j iwineers would bo required t.i make and H-pair eiigiui's iu l.iie diouy. Ac a i-eCiiiK . division in tbo Legislative Assembly 4'j Protectionists voted, but he .was tol l tliac there were really 52 Protect! mists 111 the' House. When Sir llonry P.irkui attained to power ho was to provide a nanseua for nil the ills the colony was suffering from. This panacea appeared to .be Free-trade, and nothing more. No Premier bad ever hud a better chnnce of doing good for tho country than Sir Henry Parkes. He had a following of 80, but then they were mere tools of the lowest type, who were prepared to follow him anywhere, who had surren dered to him cvory principle of manhood, and wonld simply lie down and allow him to walk over them. (Applauso.) With all this following, Sir Henry Pa-kcs had sunk tho colony lower in misery and debt' than it bad ever been before. If it was desirable to have fifty locomotives made here, why not have them all m idein the colony ? (Applause.) Practically the Government had admitted tho necessity of Protection, and yet thoy would not candidly confess that the principle was right. In conclusion, Mr. Buchanan urged his hearers to union, to repudiate any man who was not an undisguised Pi-orecbioniab, and expressed a conviction that after the next general election there would be not 52, but 152 Protectionist members iu tho Assembly, (Cheers.) Mr. Aiibott, M.L. A., also supported the resolution, anil said that his recollections of Parramatta dated back 30 years ago, whon he resided there, and he always took a deep interest in the place as one of the oldest settlements of tlieir native country. He hoped that tho Protectionist organisa tions of Central Cumberland would do as Protectionist members in Parliament must do — keep Bhoulder to shouldur in the work which they had to do. Each man had a power in himself-to do much good. Eighteen hundred year3 ago one greater than any of them directed His disciples to go into the whole world and preach. In the same way, in a matter of worldly concern, each of his (Mr. Ab bott's) hearersshould go into tho world and preach thedoctrine of Protection. (Cheers.) TP o man nnnwunlviil nna nf.Vian frt i.ic opinions ho did not know how many more that one might bring over. He (Mr. Abbott) was an old Protectionist, but he and many others were inculcated with Free-trade doctrines from their childhood, nDd they knew nothing else till they be gan to inquire and examine for themselves. More than 15 years ago he addressed in the north a meeting deprecating the alienation of the public estate, and pointing out the extrava gance of such a coarse. He never thought, when he did so, that he would bo a mem ber of a Ministry which was the first to pub a Btop to the sale of Crown lands. The great mistake made was that the money obtained by the sale of those lands was not held in the Treasury as a reserve, in stead of expending it upon public works. A system of taxation might have been in stituted, but if that had been done the question would probably have been asked, " What do you want with taxation, when ycu have an overflowing Treasury ?" He was one of those who thought that the Crown lands should pay more towards tho discharge of tho public debt. In adopt- mg the course of polioy which he pursued, he had no selfish purpose to serve, for he belonged to a profession which was more protected than aay trade or calling in tbo United States. He had consented to preside at a meeting of sea men and their supporters to protest against the employment of Asiatics on board of steamers trading to Australia. He told the promoters that he would be no party to a strike on ac count of the misery which it produced. But moBt of those men were Free-traders living in West Sydney, which had always returned three or four Free-traders, and if their case was looked into it could be seon that tlioy were asking the people of Now South Wales to protect them against Chinese and Indian labour. (Applause.) What difference was there between admitting the Chinese and Lascars and receiving their goods into tho colony ? (Applause.) The meat trade ought to be flourishing in Parramatta, but we were getting meat even from Chicago, and yet one tin of preserved meat would not be ad mitted to the United States free. (Apr plauso.) In New Zealand all kinds of English fruits could be grown, and there was not one manufactory there. An interchange of produce should take place through the various districts of the colony. Every year £350,000 worth of fruit was imported into this colony. Let an import duty be imposed and the people of Armidale must develop their land. (Cheei s). Sir Henry Parkes had said that every Protectionist ought to be in Gladcs- ville. Well, in 1801, Sir Henry him self brought up a report to the Legislative Assembly, in favour of pro tective duties. IV ere Sir Henry Parkes or the present Protectionists of Victoria lunatics ? Wheat would be largely grown in the colony if the farmers had not an uncertain market. A Federal Australia was impossible, unless on the basis of a common tariff. As soon as we had our manufactures established we could beat Victoria hollow. (Cheers.) We could not retaliate on Victoria at present, because onr Constitution Act did not empower us to impose differential rates. In conclusion, Mr. Abbott urged the neceBBity of union, and said that he could not see why the Protectionists, if sup ported by the working men, who wore most nearly concerned, should not win more scats at the next general eloction than some supposepl. (Cheers.) Mr. Ltne, M.L.A., who was received with cheers, also supported tho resolu tion in a short speech. He said that the Protection Conference now being held in Sydney was the largest ever hold in the colony. Representatives came to it from one end of the colony to tho other, and a sympathy was shown between the country and Sydney which wa3 very encouraging. He urged upon the various branches of the Protection organisation to work harmoniously and select their own candidates, but to be prepared to give and take when ever a difference of opinion arose. In the Hume district the farmers felt the pinch of Free-trade in a special manner owing to their geographical position. There were moro farmers in tho colony 10 years ago than now, and thiB was to bo traced to tho competition of South Australia, Vicboriia and America. £2,000,000 were sent out of the colony every year which ought to be distributed here among the farmers. Let onr own preservation be the watch word of the colony. (Cheers.) What was it to ns how outsiders were benefited by us? (OheerB.) The hon. member enwr getically urged upon, his hearers to unite for the common purpose of re taining Protectionist members to the Assembly — not men lite Mr. Waddell, but men whose names when the test cuuie would be found in the division list. He also urged the building up of a nation il policy in the colony. Tho best way to Becure federation was the procuring of a 'universaijtariff. Let them keep these facts in view, and if their representatives in Parliament did not agree with them, then let them get other members. (Cheers.) Mr Fletcher, M.L.A., said it was true the country had been prosperous, bnt it was by alienating the public domain, by creating land monopolists, which would make this conntry worse than England, Ireland, or Scotland, Our prosperity had been produced also by borrowing money and taxing the people to pay tho interest, The land belonged to the people, and no Government had a right to Opart with it to individuals. It was said that Protection wonld increase the price of labour. This wa3 very kind of the Free- traders, but there were persons c-njoying thousands of pounds who paid no more to the working of the mnchineryof state than anuinearniogd-sCdaday. (Applause.) Mr. llAHHAi.fi, M.L A, Baid that th-.: country wim going from bad to worse, and any policy would be butter than the present one. Tho working m-n of the colouy hntl as good a right to Uveas Sir Henry Parkes or the Governor, and no Government had any right to pursue a course which prevented them from ob taining a livelihood. At present hundreds of men were, starving in our parks and gardens. Referring to tho statu of the finances of the country, ho divolt upon the fairness and equality of the ad valorem duties, which the present Govern ment abolished. The nn.tioii was then put and carried. Mr. Toohey, M.L.A., and some other gentlemen had been asked 'to address the meeting, bnt owing to the lateness of the hour they were obliged to leave and catch a late train. A voto of thanks to the chairman ter minated the proceedings. 