Tiiigsk nro onu» victories that ore equal tn a defeat. 'J'lioy nro not only barren of the results, anticipated, but thoy aro laden with evil, for concession does not always imply wcakuoss, it may sumo' tunes mean policy, and wo assuredly hold that tho march of crcnts 1ms demon strated very clearly that in spite of singular nstutennHs and far-reaching acumen tho Government elected by the National parly in Queensland have by no means increased their reputation as atntcsmnn by tho mannor in which thoy curtly disallowed and objected to tbo ap pointment of Sir Ilenry Arthur Blake us Governor of this colony. Wo do not de.-iro to deal hero with any in herent rights or privileges the great self- governing dependencies possess to a voice in tlio appointment of her Majesty's representatives, for wc havo touched on tho general or theoretical pliaso of tho question already; what wc wish tn point out is that after nil tho fire nnd fervour, the fuming of patriotic lire, nnd tho de claration of rights embodied in our very basfard and bloodless re volutinnnry /owo nnent tho appointment of Sir H. A. Blake, tho filing that our Ministerialists Msuvttrntod they would never nccept'they have accepted— with thanks. For is it not written that Goncral »Sir Henry Wylio Norman has been appointed Go vernor. Now who will dare to say that the qualities cavilled at in Sir ilenry Arthur Bioko are not far moro con spicuous in his successor ? It was ob jected that Sir Henry Blako had at ono timo occupied a position in tlio constabulary which it was thought must have perverted every noble thought and generous impulse in his nature until lid had become the quintessence of oilicialistn, hard as tho nether millstone, n vii'fl.rni'fil Ibtmhnv Tt mna :« that the man liiniNelf, who certainly suf fers most of all in this cmhrnglio of Nationalism, assured a public meeting that ho knew lie possessed tlio power to change the current of public opinion until it ran as strongly in his fnvor as it then did against him, it was in vain that it was demonstrated that a more fitting and fascinating leader of socinl lifo in the colony than Lady lilako could not l)e found, nnd wo all know whnt real power is wielded hy tho wife nf a Go vernor in this colony, how important it is that aha should possess that exquisite tact and thoso Hocinl graces of mind and manner, without which no lady can suc cessfully wield tlio scoptra'of a socioty qitecn — a sceptre that may bo as light as a fan, but which, us wo all know, is fraught with enormous power. Wo are awaro how mneli the greatest statesman ill the world, the most successful men in tlia arena of politics, linve owed to the intellect, nrid wit, and beauty of their wives. 1 1 was in vain those whom it con cerned wcro informed tlint in New foundland, n colony unavoidably affected and impressed in thought and manner by Iho so called freedom of tho United States, one of Sir II. Blako's Ministors was a Parnollito, nnd yet that fact never for a moment interrupted the cordial re lations that existed between Govornor and Minister, In vain was everything. Tlio fiat had gone forth, tlio bogy of n policomnn armed with tlio baton of stern rule was raised, and Queensland fled in terror liko an urchin nt tlio sight of n turnip-headed ghost, Queensland lied in on agony of fenr, and Lord Knuts- ford with a sardonic sinilo oilers her tho protection of Sir Henry Wylio Normnn, a man who lma spent 30 years with tlio colors in India, in almost every struggle or campaign in tlio great Eastern Em pire, a gallnnt soldier who carved out fame and a path to tho heights of his profession with bis sword, but who in tbo process of c»rving must havo lni- bibed ideas on tho valuo of discipline, tho importance of " keeping a tight rein," and thoso qualities which make tlio stern martinet a valued factor in tho field, but a woeful failure when military command is oxchangcd for civil pre eminence. Compare tho Duke of Wel lington's career as a soldier and a states man, and then cnmpnro tlio alleged stiff- necked officialism of Sir Uonry Blake with the ingrained pipeclay induced by thirty odd years' warfaro and residenco in Indin, tho country above all others that of sorrilo races, and it must no ac knowledged that tho Queensland au thorities havo somehow or other missed their mark, that their Nationalised - patriotism has gone up liko a rocket and como down liko its stick. Wo havo heard not a whisper breathed against tho appointment of tlio now Governor, bnt on tho contrary thanks for small morcies, nnd in truth somo thankfulness that at length somo ono has been per suaded to accept tho office which in verity seemed togoa-bogging. Refused by one aftor another tho Governorship of Queensland was at longth declined by a Scotch nobleman in favor of tho Undcr- Sccrotaryship for tho Colonies, while to crown all, and to mark tho depths of humiliation to which tho colony has fallen, the Tinm roproachcs us with snobbery in preferring a lord to a tried and nblo public servant. Can Lord Byron have written with prophetio forethought when ho song " For Tom, ho doarly loves a lord ?" Snobbery ! and our rulers called it patriotism. " Oh ! what a falling off was there." PorlmpB there never was a moro clover political harlequinade than that executed hy Lord Knutsford in this Governor-making, Governor-marring business. His Lord ship was well awaro that thoro woro mat ters in connection with tho question on which it would bo most unwise to pro voke discussion and opposition in a country possossing constitutional and Parliamentary Government, and so ho retired gracefully, retired, however, only to como again thrice armed to the fray and victory. Tho Secretary of State for tho Colooics executed a clever move known in military purlanco as taking tho enemy in the ilnnk nnd rear. Ho knew in short that thero woro more ways of killing a d»'g than by hnnging liiin, ho can ho choked with butter, and so ho reversed tlio ndago nf the surgeon's art. lie was not cruel to bo kind, but kind to bo cruel — at the expense of tbo patriot party. In tho game which has been played between tbo colonial Minis ters and tho Colonial Ofiico Lord Ivnutsford has given a checkmate in two moves. Passing from a consideration of Sir Ilenry Wylio Normnn as a votoran sol dier, and of tho lack of wisdom on that account for preferring him to Sir Henry Blake, thero are othor reasons which militato as strongly against this gontla- man and. show that the Queensland powers that bo have indeed got a Iloland for flmir Oiiiriir for t.lm fznrnrnnnpn of Crown colonies, though they otTcr good scopo for tho display of that kind severity which is known as paternal rule, do not giro overy opportunity for becoming practically acquainted with thoso con stitutional questions and precedents with out a knowledge of which every Gover nor in n constitutionally-ruled colony must (iod himself placed at a vast dis advantage in n crisis which may em brace tho prosperity or ruin which must bo dealt with, perhaps, with out a moment's delay, nnd where tho Governor is called on to exercise real and important power with wisdom and dis cretion. Tho East Indies witli the ser- vilo Hindustani and tho sparse white population wliero all Europeans from tho Governor-General to tho drummer boy nro " Bahibs ; " tho West indies where there exist but two classes, tho dominant whito raco and tho Blnvo- dcsccndcd negro in all its varieties from coal black to whitoybrown, these are not the countries in which a man could go to tlio school of experience nnd study constitutional law and precedent. It is true that it is never too. Into to learn and that General Sir Henry Wylio Norman may by diligent study of Todd and May acquire some facility in touching Con- stitutionai questions, but he can never hope to unloira sufficiently to learn, oven though ho give his days and nights to thostmly of the great authorities un things. Parliamentary. Wo havo seen others Kiipposod to bo authorities on Huch matters fail too oftcu not to bo aware how difficult it is for a tyro to ac quire and use knowledge of constitutional questions. Wo may perhaps suspect, and with good causo siiHpect. that the success which attended Sir Thomas M'llwrailh's first encounter with tho Colonial Office emboldened him to try a second fall, but if this bo tbo case ho hos received a severe lesson which has blunted tho maiden sword, of Nationalism beyond repair, aud almost killed tho causo with that most sevorcand keen of all weapons, ridicule. After this tournor in which lances havo been splintered to anything but tho advantage of Qncensland the Uo- verninontwill, wo fancy, pranceand curvet loss on their doughty stcod National ism, which is now in truth in had case and bruised sorely since he was sent prono to earth. hy tho prowess and skill of tho Colonial Uflice champion. We aro pleased to aoto that tho powors that bo aro at longth awakontn? to tho importance of sinking artesian bores in tho localities that aro most suitable. Wo hope Mr. Henderson, tho hydraulic engineer, may bo permitted to pursao his good work of reporting on tho host nnd most useful sites for einking wolD, and that in timo tlio boniilcont and secret rccom- ponco of Providcnco to Australia for tho climatic disadvantages inducod by tho natural configuration of tho continent may bo fully on joyod, and tho reward of onorgyani ontorprioo reaped in a plentiful and constant flow of water from tho subtorrancan rosorvoirs of natoro. Wo read in Eastorn story of gonii who led a favored mortal to a vast store of gems glistening in tho bowols of tho oarth, but thoso who bring to tho surface tho sparkling drops £ wator moro precious than diamonds of Sttmurcond nro conrorring n boon on their fellow mortals far abovo that in tlio power of fabled gnonio or o!f to bestow. Wo do not hoar bo nraoh of conrao of tho movotnonts of prtvnto parties in this direction, and this is to bo rogrottad for ovory stop should bo rhron'olod, j»our r;tirm|rnI7rr le ntifran, though j not in tho senso Voltaire nsod tho oxpronrion. i Wo understand that tho domand fop pump« liaMnorontoit to a moat marked extent, and tbat a InrifD nnmtior of onlora Tor pnmiw nultanlo for utiliHlnp imbtorrannnn wntur havo boon rocolvod by Mr. l'orritt. No matter how . nmivll tho venture, If it be but tbo effort of a tnnn-a white niun-to irriijnto half nn aero of i unbiigos, it in of tho groatcst itnpurtanco. for straw Nhow how tho wind blow. Mr. Loch- I uoart was recently intorvlowoil by a gentleman I vonnootou with tno Press, and from ills roport I wo loarn that tiiat contractor in addition to I thrco woiih for Government has mink a numhor I or bore for private firmo. Of thoiio tho host I known in that taken in Imml for tho Darling i ''.Dowob and Wontorn Land Company near I lUrealdino and which it in proposed snail bo I wont down 2500 loot. But Mr. Loohhoad's I greatost triumph, nnys tbo interviewer, in tho I famous Bonrko boro. Thin, tho groatoRt woll I in Auntralm, in situated on Korrlbrco station, I Now South Wales, and in, diRtant about 00 I mtloR from Bourko, Tho awnorn of tho run I nro Mosirs. Davie, Dalo, and Company. Mr. I Davis boing tho manager, and Mr. Loohhrad, I Telaton in tbo most goneraua manner how that I tho Bucoonn wan duo to tho onterprlno and I determination of Mr. Davie hhnsolf. "Toll I them, Raid Mr, Lochhoad. " that the orodit I J1' tho work belongs to Davis. Ho did ovory- Udiiff ho could to annist uB. When wo hud got down 750 feet .wator was fonnd, wator that overflowed mind," ho added with great oinphasin, but Davis wdh iiotnatlsfind. They inoHtly nil cry stop whnnavor tho first bucket vomcB, Mr. Lrmhhcnd remarked parentho- I » lc m y a 0Ur,0UH Httlo nmilo playing over Mfiin Tcnturcn, " but Davie was not one of that 'vfeind ; go on, ho told me, go on till yon got a river, and over on, till at 925 feet, by lovo, up ! wo did get a rivor, and no uiintako, of tho most beautiful fresh wator, too. Tho yiold is over 400,900 gallons a day, and is still in croaHing. It has fillod a largo number of natural elayQann noroB in oxtont, lying oloao to tho bote, und Is now flowing in a regular creek right across tho country. It will run AO miles buforo it loavon Korrlbroo run, but tlioro in no doubt bin neighbours will yot got it. Oh, Davis is a regular brick," ho added, bringing down bis band on his knee in tho wont oranhatio fashion. Ouo of tho bontraots Mr. Loohhcnd has on hand at prcsont, tho greatest Is 15 bores, which ho ban agreed to put down for tho Victorian Government. Thoy aro distributed over nil tho principal wtook ronton. In nnswor to one or two quod- tioo«, ho said that tho dconost boro in ths world was in China. It wants just (5 foot of an English milo, and is unprndnotivo, tho reanon boingthut it in iiunk through grunito. "An long an yon keep oloar of tho grnnito formation you will got wator almost anywhoro," said Mr. Loehhoad. It is not known when tho China boro was com munccd, bnt work wan stopped only two yoars ago. It was dono with tho o!dfashionad spring polo, John bolng, as usual, prodigal of nothing but timo and labour. Tho doopost water yiolding boro Ih in America, tho depth being 2800 foot but some havo boon put down 5000 foot hoforo thoy were nbnndonod. Tho usual depth, howovor, according to Mr. Looh head's c-xporionco. at wliioh wator is found, is from 1000 to 1500 feot, and this rulo also applies to oil. An far an bin work has yot gone Australia has proved no exception to this rulo. , I Turning from prlvnto entorprino to Govern mont undertakings, and ooming nearer homo, wo loom from tho Warwiok Pross that P rranngomonts havo boon tnado for sinking un Tfrtoniaii well 'in tho Glongallon Division, at I FJngstono nnd Swan Crooks. Tho Govern tnont fully nntiolp&to; that tho owner of tho land upon whioh it indooidod to boro for water . will grant tho transfer of a fow aoroe, and this no doubt will bo dono. Tho contractors who tako in hand tho Olengallon woll liavo throo contractu for boring, tho othorn bolng at Laldloy and in tho neighbourhood of Dalby. The woll at Laidloy will bo undertaken first, and an that work will it is anticipated onouny somo six months, that period must noccRnarily t j olapsoboforo tho othors aro initiatod. Messrs. .ToHfor and Haig, who aro tho con traotorn, aro bound by thoir nrrnngoinonta to tap if necessary, a doptli of 2500 feot, wliiio tho sizo of tho tubing wit) bo ton inches at tho top. and not lonn than four inohos at tho bottom of tho woll. Tho cost to tho Government will bo 4)2 to jC2 10r. nor foot, nnd thin will give j. our readers Homo fdoa of tho oxporiHo that may I. possibly bo innurrod, and allow thom to giingo I tho publio spirit of thono privnto individuals ' and firms who havo set suoh a bravo example to tho rulors of tho colony and to thoir follow igrioulturintR. In our last issno wo gavo a mowt intorentlng account of tho success which . Iind atl ended tho ontorprixo of Mossrs. Gore, ( it Yandilla, and wo only hopothat our fnrmore ind frultgrowors wilt tako lieart graoo 'i indgoanddo likewise. Thoy do not know, , intil they try, what a maximum of results :nn bo aohicvod with a minimum of labor. ; Veils aro in truth required ovvrywhoro, lowhoro so much perhaps as in tho proporty if tho Municipal Council, who aro again muofi i. ixerolRod in spirit concerning tho stato of tho \ -osorvoir, pumps and appliance generally for iccuring a supply of wator for tho Muni : dpality. 