UNDER THE ROSE. BY THE AUTHOR OP " ONLY DORA," &c.; CHAPTER XIII.— (Continued.) She nodded and smiled in return, determined to be more than usually gracious to him. But her heart beat quickly and her cheeks flushed. As they passed into tho hall they found themselves face to face with Lancelot Fleming, Colonel St. Maur, and his cousin Henry. "With a warm feeling of trust and pleasure Iseulte put her hand into hor guar dian's, feeling that here she could trust. He seemed glad to see her and his mother ; and Colonel St. Maur's greeting was full of repressed warmth and pleasure. Mr. St. Maur also de clared himself delighted that Mrs. Fleming had changed her mind, nnd visited them at last. Then they proceeded, following Aline up the stately staircase, and down a gallery and sundry corridors, till she threw open the door of a very cosy-looking bed-room, warm and light. " This is your bed-room, dear Mrs. Fleming,' she said. " It is a little way off the staircase, but it has a southern aspect, which I know you prefer. Also, it opens into another bedroom and dressing-room. I thought you would like Iseulte to sleop near you in this great rambling place ; and perhaps, your maid in the dress ing-room." "Thank, you, dear," said her old friend. "It. is all most kindly and comfortably arranged." "It was the best I could do; and you have slept before even nearer to the ghost, not minding it," said Aline. "No," laughed Mrs. Fleming, "It did not trouble me." "Is thero a ghost, too, in this charming old castle ? " asked Iseulte. "Of course. There is an ancestor, no end of tall, who stalks about the iiimoury ivalls, and rattles tho old irmour whenever one of the race dies. However, as we are all, I am thankful to say, in good health at present, there is little likelihood of your being disturbed by him." "Is the armoury near, then?" asked Iseulte. " It is in this direction, but not very near, Here come Mrs. Shrives and Mrs. Eosvear to attend you. I sup pose you will rest till dinner time ? " Mrs, Fleming answered in the af firmative. " I shall lie down till it is time to dress," she said, " thanks, dear;" and with a kiss on her old friend's cheek, Lady Aline darted off. CHAPTER XIV". After dinner that evening, as Iseulte sat talking to Lady Aline, who was telling her the names of ilieir (to her) unknown guests, Pen- darvon, with ill-concealed embarrass ment, approached her. " I need scarcely ask how you are, Miss Tressilian," he said, "your looks tell me." " I am very well, thank you," said Iseulte. " Are your family well?" " Yes, at least Alice has been ail ing, and they are gone to Torquay for n little while. You like the Moor lands ?" " Very much, indeed," said Miss Tressilian, with animation, "It is the next best to my home," " 1 had hoped to have called on you there," he said, flushing a little; but I am not, as you know, quite at my own disposal. I shall hope to see it some day." Iseulte slightly bowed. "I think," she said, "you know Mr. Fleming now. I daresay he would be happy to show you his tors." Pendarvon looked at her curiously. Had he been mistaken in thinking that she cared for him ? The doubt made him instantly desire that Bhe should do so ; yet how was that now possible? With a sigh he turned away to see Agatha again listening with eyes and ears to Lord Trefusis, and he muttered an anathema be tween his teeth. His place beside Iseulte was in stantly taken by Colonel St. Maur. " It was an unhoped for pleasure seeing you to-night, Miss Tressilian," he said. " Aline told me that Mrs. Fleming bad declined her invitation for you and herself, and Lancelot had not informed me of your change of intention." "Yes; Mrs. Fleming did at first decline; but you know ladieB are allowed to change their minds," an swered Iseulte, smiling. She had secretly wondered why Mrs. Fleming had done so, but had not discovered the reason yet. " I am glad Bhe did. Do you like the castle ?" " I think it magnificent," she said, warmly. "It is actually a feudal castle, is it not ?" " Yes ; it dateB from Henry li s time, and it has been so carefully and skilfully modernised that we have all the comforts of our own century with the state and strength of the twelfth. My uncle is very proud of his for tress." " He well may be," she assented. " And yet Riversmead is far more homelike and lovely," he added, after an instant's pause. " By the bye, you see, I suppose, that Pendarvon is here? He is my guest. The Roberts family are also represented." "Yes; I was glad to see them. Agatha is grown handsomer than ever." " Yes ; and Pendarvon is fatally aware of it, poor lad !" with a sod smile " I must offend yon, I fear, by saying that I think she does coquette with him — and it is dangerous, for he is a man of fierce temper, a worthy des cendant of the Cornish race. Lord Trefusis is captivated by her," he went od, " and I can see it is agony to Pendarvon to witness his attention to her. Could you not warn her that it is dangerous to play with old- edged tools — to bo frank and honest as yourself ?" " I will try to speak to her about it," Iseulto answered bim — she was pleased at his jealousy for his brother officer's feelings ; " but I have no in- > iluence over Agatha." "I think she really likes Pondar- I von," went on Colonel St. Maur, thoughtfully ; " but the question is whether she will resist the heir to an earldom. There, she is going to sing a duet with Owen., The next moment Owen and Agatha's voices united in perfect har mony in "La ci Darem," and as Iseulte listened, and remarked, how Lord Trefusis listened also, she felt that Agatha was greatly to blame, even dangerously so, considering Pendarvon's temper. Colonel St. i Maur continued chatting with iseulte for some time; then Lord Trefusis walked over to her sofa, seated him- telf and talked pleasantly. They were joined almost immediately by old Lord St. Maur, to whom his son nt once resigned his seat and drew a chair near them. Iseulte was de lighted with both the old.peer and his son. They were men of great cul ture and courteous manner, and she was especially struck with the evi dent affection (beyond the ordinary) between the father and son. By and bye Lord Trefusis left them and re turned to the spot where ho had left Agatha and Owen by the piano. Lord St. Maur followed with his eyes and he sighed deeply. "Your friend, Miss Roberts, is very handsome, Miss Tressilian," he said. Is she also amiable ?" " Agatha is very good tempered," said Iseulte, evading the question. " But not very high cultured ; I should Bay a little frivolous and fond of admiration ; but beauty, like charity, covers all minor failings, does it not if" "Yes indeed,' answered Iseulte, earnestly. " And yet women who possess none have been most loved," went on Lord St. Maur, almost talking to himself — "ajo, and longest loved. Trefusis," he added, turning to Iseulte, " is a great admirer of beauty ; yet I don't think he would be blinded by it. He is usually clear sighted and sensible, and so good that ho deserves to have a pearl of women for his wife." Iseulte answered that Lord Tre fusis seemed worthy of all his father's praise, and the old nobleman smiled his pleasure. In his heart ho bad wished, ever sinco he had looked on Iseulte's candid, intelligent face, that she had been gifted with Agatha's beauty, for he would have been well content to see her in his lost wife's place hereafter. Next day, the lake being frozen, a skating party was formed, and Iseulte, who had very little and recently ac quired skill in the art, was assisted in her attempts by Reginald St. Maur and his cousin. She wondered why Launcelot came so little near her, but attributed it to his manifest popu larity, and to their being members, as it were, of tbe same family ; but she missed his friendly voice, his pleasant sym pathy. Lord Trefusis did not skate ; he was engaged during the day with his father, and Pendarvon met with no hindrance in his adhesion to Agatha's Bide. Ab they walked home, and Iseulte caught an occasional glimpse of Agatha's face, she won dered whether it were possible that Miss Roberts really loved Pendarvon after all, for never had she seen the same light in these beautiful eyes as beamed from them then. That night they dined at seven, in preparation for the intended ball, and Iseulte was engaged for several dances before Bhe' went up to dress. Mrs. Fleming had carefully ar ranged her dress, which waB now half- mourning ; and when Gwenny's task wub complete, called her young charge out for inspection. She was satisfied with the effect. " You pay for dressing, Iseulte," she said, smiling, "and evidently mean to-night to make conquests." iBeulte shivered. "Don't jest on Buch a Bubject," dear Mrs. Fleming," she said. " I am proof against all such aims and folly." " Colonel St; Maur will not think so, nor my poor Lancelot," thought . the mother, with a sigh; but she made no answer. It was Iseulte's first ball, for her spectatorship in Eaton-square could scarcely be said to be one ; and sbe enjoyed it witli the love of dancing and good music natural to her age. The rooms, large as they wero, £i'ew warm as ' the night advanced ; and Henry St. Maur, after a waltz with Miss Tressilian, proposed going into the conservatory for coolness. Sbe assented, and they passed down, tho salon into the miniature Crystal Palace which had been constructed adjoining it, and which was filled with the sweetest and rarest of tropical flowers and shrubs. . Young St. Maur seated her just where she could see the door of the ball-room, and, taking hiB place be side her, endeavored to amuse her. He would have had no objection to try hiB own fortune with the heiress, whom he greatly liked ; but as yet he could not honourably cross his cousin's path. If, however, Colonel St. Maur proved unsuccessful, Henry resolved to attempt to win one who wub so well fitted to be the wife of a St. Maur; while her fortune and Riversmead would be boons indeed to a younger son. Whikt they sat chatting amidst the flowers, Lord Trefusis led Agatha into the conservatory ; and passing his brother with a light nod, con ducted his partner to a seat a little distance from them, and placed him- j self by her side. Agatha, flushed and j radiant, was looking her very best, and vouchsafed an entire ana most flattering, though blushing, attention to her companion's wordB. (to be gontinuhd.) 