CUAI'TEK XXX. CAiixn ii;l< fiior.Y. I The time c»r.:c when C-irncB lold mctbo atory of hi.) OcIocuh scarch. As be relutcd it to me thcu, let liim relate it now: *'Arrived in ancw Orleans without trcublo or delay, at thros o'clock in tlio afternoon. H^fjifcterod at the 11 Hotel Iiouonv' a email house noar tbc levees; giving my name as Gcorpo Adams, sugar dealer, from St. Louis. Tiicn becan a hunt anions the tbratrcs, ond, before ucvcn o'clock hau found the place 1 wanted. " Tiic Lit'Jc Adi Iphi," owned and managed by .' .Storma cod Uicokhouec." It ia a email tbcatro, but new and ueatly fitted up, has o bar attached, and beer tables on the floor of the auditorium. I m&tic; no effort to fee JJmokhousc, but went back to the "Honoic," after learning that money would ouon tbo door of (he nrccn room to cny i patron ot thu theatre. Alter supper I refreshed my memory by a look at the piotures of tha missing young ladies, including that ot Misa Amy Uolmcs, and then 1 Bet out lor tkoLHlle Addnhi, Titers was never fin easier bit of work than this New Orleans bu&iucca.; Tlif curtain went up on a " Minstrel first part," and there, eitting next to ono of the "end men " was Mamie Kutger. Her early hair wis etuck lull ot roeee. She ware a very abort pink eatin drcsu end ber little feet wero conspicuous in white kid slippers. If MisB Mamie wore forcibly abducted, sbe has wasted no time in grieving ovont. It sbe has been in any manner deceived or de luded, alio bean it wonderfully well. She sang her ballad with evident enjoy ment, and her voice rang out inttaecboruecs, olear and sweet, ller lips were wreathed in Btnilce, her checks plowed, r.cd ber cyoB sparkled. Occasionally eke turned ber bead to whisper to the blaeked-up ecamp, wlm sat at her right band. Altogether she defjorfod Imreelt with the confidence of an old hubitnc of tbe Evidently she bad made buscll popuhr with Little Ailclphi audienccs, and certainly eho enjoyed her popularity. After the firtt part I wstohed tbc rlago impatiently, it being too ctnly to venture into the precn-room. Mamie llutger did not re-apptar, but, oiler an hour, occupied principally by "burnt cork crtifits," Hiss Jjoita lie Clair," the soog &nd; dance Qaeon," came trippinq from the wings; and Ui03 Lotta Lc Clair, in a blue velvet coat and ycliow esatin nether parmcnto, wna cone other than Amy liolmcp. She danced very cell, and eang very ii]; end I fancied that ehe had tasted too often of the cheap wine dealt out behind the bar. Very ooon after her exit, I made my way to the green-room, piloted by the head waiter. 1 had, o! oourr.p, not inyerff up for tho occasion, and 1 looked liko across between a inst ycoi'e iushion-i>lo.te and a Softer; bkek lcp. It is always easy to nutbe a variety autre?: tallt.and tliDBC at the Little Adelphi, prcvad no exception. Two or thrco boltlos ol wine opened (he way to corao lmonlalftc. By chatting promiecnoutily with several of tho Adclpki bnllo?, I learned tbat Amy Holmes aud Mamie Itutger, who, by the way, was "Koso Deschappellcs" on tho bills lived loRether. Thet, Amy, -who was not known at the theatre by that nnmo, was 11 a hard one," and "old in tho business; " whilo "lioso," w a coft littlo prif! who " wore bcr lover's picturo in a lockot," and was " ne true to Mm as fteel." Tbc piilB all united in TOtiuR Amy disagreeable, in spite of her superior wisdom; end Mimic, " a real nicc, jolly little thing," spite of bcr ver dancy. The fair Amy wns tlion reproached, ond my reel wot!; Ikv.kh. I ordered, iu her honor, an utra brand of wine. 1 Oat tend her; I lalkud freely of my wcilth, and dis. played my money rccM^srly. I becainc ball intoxicated in hereocicty, nid, through it all, bemoaned the fact tlir-t { cal.'ld not tiler for her quailing, tho pparUIing champagne that was tfco oni; fittiun diinli for such a god dess. The Adclphi cbaopngne «'./t dctostablo stud, and Minn Amy %vas roitnois*>r enough to know it. She fronhly confessed her fond ness for Rood champagne, and could tell mc just vrhcro it was to* bo found. The test carno as a mattor of course. I proposed to itiva licr n champ,v;no t!up;]jicr, she accepted, and the programme was epcedilv arranged. At cloven o'clock tho ntxl dny. sho would meet mo at a convenient lit'.lo restaurant near the theatre. 1 must uome with a car riage. Wo would bnvu r. drive, end, just, outside the city, would como upon Trims Jftuiu'u mfc. Tliuro we would find One, luscious fruits, 1110 wineo, cvcrjtliiua choice and dainty. Jliss Amy, who sacmed to possess all llio luxurious tautes ol a native crcolu, arranged the programme, and wo parted at the green room dunr, mutually satisfied. Slio antici pated & Bala day, and 1, ecoinq bctoro mo tbc dissaKrccablc necec'.ity of ppniling her frolic and neprivio,-! the Little Adelpbi, for a time atli'act, of one ot its fairest attractions. i'l'O ciciir.-o which I l:'id resolved to pursue, wt.8 not tho one ejest to my taste; but it was the simplest, shortest and would accord beat with the instructions given me, viz.. that no arrests must be lunde, nor anything done to craUi'e the r,uspicions ot Fred Brook house, end cause hitn to Rive tho alarm to liip coalcilemtcs in tho North. I had purposely held r.lnol from Mamie ll'.itf;:r, fiv!in» cnEvincnl that it wero bcBt rot t'o approach /»?/? until n ilcliniie course of action had been deeided upon. Nor vrne I entirely certain thai my schema would euccecd; it Amy Holmes ekould prove t J.? w;>er. hhrewJcr cud more courar'.'uu^ I a»u* utnUe loea enllhh and avaricious than 1 had judged her lo HP. my pinna uaiijht fail sigually, and. in tli.it ce.ee, the girl might: wcrk icu much mischicf, I wcinbrd the possibilities thoughtfully, and resolved to riek iho chsncss. Accordingly, on the raormog alter my 1 vif-it 10 tho LUilo Adclphi, I ecnt my first telegram, and made other arrangements for puUiug my bchomo into excoution. Tfifi bt^inuinR of the programme wae curled out, td planned by tho young lach\ We drovo to the cafr kept by Kouis Mcniu, and tcetrd his champap.no, after nhich 1 be* i^an to cx"ciilc ruy plena. "Louis Meniu mi^ht bo ell very Will," I rp.id. " L'ji ".it re *?aa nouian in N'*w Oi'lcana, r.) I bud cf t<) bflfn told by Northern travel ler*. who fioisii) tscrve «uch ts dinner g;j did the ftt tbc P tiiould wo drive to thi* kcuza stiil ihcio ca« the best dmocr to be pcrvr-d ia th« ciiy I " T'ic prozpcct ot tiiniDS at a bwc-11 hotfl p!ca. cor.':. :it to llio und wc lurncJ buck to iic <.ity »i"« tlx 1'-Hot J. n-ro wc vi.ro in ft handsome privi.lc purler, md, nft^r 1 had paused a fesv r.joc:*-htjia tlio tHisc, duiinswbieh time I;ri.Uun?: AJaica and tsUicr, &?, Louts, Mo." I cb:od tlio door upon scrv&nta; wid intruder^ uud tho m£agcmciifc com iKcnccJ, Having first looked the parlour door, and put the key in my pockct, I approached Miss Amy, who stood before a mirror, carefully arranging a yellow rose in ber black frisetten; I dropped my swaggering, ball-maudlin, wholly- admiring tone and manner, and E&id; quietly; " Now, Miss Amy Holmes, if yon will eit down opposite at ma, we will talk things over quietly." Sbo started violently, and turned towards me with a stare of surprise, in which, bow* ever, I could observe uo fear. The name bad caused bcr aslonishnicnt. 1 had been carc* ful to addrcflB bcr by bcr etage u&tne;, or rather the one she cho?o to use ai the theatre. I hardly Euppoce ber real came to be Holmes, probably it .is Smitu or Jonus in stead. She let tbe hand holdtcg the rose drop &t; ber eidc, but did not loosen bcr flra?p of the Uowrr. " Lsok hero," filia cxolaimcd cbarply. " Wlicro did ycu pick up that name ; and what liiail of a gams ato you giving mc, ony lios? ?" AJter the surprise occat:oncd by the utter ance ol her diocarjtd name, my altered ting and manner had m::t impressed her. " I pot ilia naraa tvlicrs 1 got BEveral others, Mieb Amy, biii) the gam: 1 am playing is one that is bound to win.'' She eat down upen Ibe ce&rcEt; cbair, and stared uutoly. " lion would you like to (;o back to Atnora, Mir.3 Holmes/ Or to Groveland and tbe widow Balicu'e?'' .Sue eprann up v.-iib her eyes flashing. find ; made a sudrtco tifli for the door. Of courec it resisted hercllort to open it. " Open that doer," nhs said, turning upon mcalookof ancrydeiinancc " You are either a fool or a muddler. Open the door." I laid one bend fomcwiiut heavily upon her ehauldcr, and led her back to the seat ehe had just vacated. "I'oesibly 1 may be both fool and meddlor,"' I replied, in a tone eo stern that it Beemcd to arreet hor attention, and iinprcirs ber with the {net that I was ncitbor trilling tior to bo trilled with. " lint I am oomciUins elec, and I know more of you, my younc lady, and of your past career than you would caro to have tne laiow. Pcrbnpa you may never have heard of Michael Carnos, the detcctivc, but their are oihri'a who have ma>lc his ncquaiiitoncp." Xow all thin wan random firing, but Itielod on the knowledge that uino-tcnihs of the women who aro pro'.Fnioual adventurer?. Invc in their par.t fOJTi ahicfr either criminal or disgraceful to conceal, nnd on the possi bility that Hiss Amy UOIdicb might not bo long to tbo exceptional few. l'iio shot told. 1 fnw it in tho sudden blanching of her chrei, in tbo Etartled look that mert minu for just an inetint. If there wcro nothing else to conccal, I think (ho would have dclicd uio and flouted at my effjfts to extracts information on the subject o! tho Gropclund myetery. But I had touched at s more vulnerable point. If I could now convince her that 1 knew her past cuccr, the rest would be caey. It web a delicate undertaking. I mi^ht eay too much or too little, but I roust picas the advantage I hud gained, Her attention was sscurcd. Iier curiosity wan aroUBsd. There was b sliaOc ol anxiety on her face. Drawing a chair opposite Iter, sad seat- j ins aysolf therein, I fixed my eyes upon her fi.ee, and tiddrcesod her in a tone bait stern, ball confidential: " You arc B plucky girl, I began, " and I admire you tor that; and when I tell you that I have followed jou, or tracked you from the Xnrtb, tbroush Amors, through (irovelaud, cowu to the Little A conjecture that I ilo nci intend to ha balked or cvaueu, ever, by eo cmart n little lady as you have proved yourei If. I bear you no personal ill will, and I much dielike to per secute a woman even xvben ebe bad boon guilty of I parsed, eho made a restless movement, and a look ot pain flitted across her face. " Perhaps we may bo able to avoid do tails," I said, slowly. " I will let you dccide that." " Howwith a gasp ot relict or surprise, I oould hardly guess which. " Li.-.teu. Some time ago two girle disap peared from & little northern community, and I vras one of the defectives employed to fiud them. I need not go into details, since you know so much about the case. In the j course ot the investigation, wc inquired pretty cloEely into the character ot the company kept by these two young ladies, and learned tbat a Miss Amy Holmes had been b eohool mate ot tbe iniEemg girls. " Afterward, tliis name Amy Ilolmca and a Miss Grace Ballou, made an attempt to ctcapo from the Ballon (arm house. The rclicmo was in jiart frustrated, but Auiy Iloliiica crcti))''.a. Mrs. Dullou fnrnished no with a photo ol Amy lloluice, and whou I saw it 1 htew " All! " Tiiia time it wna an interjection ot unmistakeablo terror. It cr.vo me my OUP. " 1 lir.ow it lor the picture ot a young woman who had- committed-acrimc. The faca was that ot u youn;; woman who would bo well rccoivoil nt police head quarter?, and I said to myacll I will Dim find tiiia young lady who cnlla liersslt Amy llolraes." A look of oulU.n resolution wub eettling upon lier face. She rat l):toio mo with her ' oyf.H liscd upon tlia carpet and hot lipj tightly I tloeod. 411 iinvc found licr,'' I continued, morel- ' leeely, .. Anl now-aboil 1 Uha you back j willi me. a prisoner, and band ye n ever to 1 tbo oIu-'ctb ol the law, or will v*>u answer I truthfully euah questions as f fritnl! put to i you, and go away from this hcuso a frco | woman?" . Hho was bo absorbed by her own torror, 1 or ho overshadowed by flotno ghost ot the j . past, that ubo femcd to take no Dote of my | ' interest iu tbo GroveJand business, cseopt hh i it had been au incidental aid ia hunting lior i down, I "Do you think 1 would tru*t you?" she said, with a last tffuri at tltfiancc. "You ? wont icc to tcetify ui;ainat myself,'1 | "You mistshc. Op you do not imdrr* j eland. Iam at present working in tlw in* i Arrest ot tbo GroveUud ease. My Urcoverv | j vt you wii'i tn ccsiJciii", and my linowJ'-Vn I conccmm^ you 1 :;m u^ing aa a ljcuuk iu* [ waul ihccMuciiiatiouotinsmjutcroKurrousc]' inj? tbn ruovcmcuts of Mamie Rutger and Nellie Ewing. " Muraw llat,?°v 1 en.w last night at the Little Addpiji, .\'uliic Hiving i3 no doubt within reach* 1 might liud them both with* out ycur assistance. It would only uqairo k littis more time and a liitlo more trouble; but tim: just now is procioue, I havo oUur business which denjunda my attention at the North. Tucicforo X fifty, tell roc all that you know concerning these two Rirto-fitf, mind. If you omit ona neccsaary detail, if you fabri cate in one particular, I fiball know it. Answer all my questions truthfully. I shall only ask euch as conccru jour knowlcd jc or conuoclion wilb this Grovclund affair. If you dotbie, yoa have nothing to fear from tne. K you refuse- YOU aire my uriaoui-r» You I comprehend me y j SLc ryed mo weeptioally. '. Uow do I know that you will let me go> alter all."' she eud. I " You have my premise, end I am & znftQ of ray word. You avc u woman end 1 don't I want to arrcr>t you. If you were a mun 1 ehould not ti/uryou a chauco (or ecccpe. Do ae I wii'h and you n*i frcti, and if you need bsbUl&CCC; JOU phuil have it. Vou mutt chooso at once; time predion." Skg hi-ailatrd A mmnoiit, and then said : " I way as wi'll tell you about the Kir's, DS you seem to know BO much end-1 can't be arrePtnJ fjr ti.a;." 41 Very wcii! Tt.il your etory, then, truly and without oxmesiot/g." To he Continual 