Ghosts. .What are they ? That they do exist is still believed bv many, and if a perusal of the cases collected in Mrs. Cowe'a 'Night Side of Nature ' and other similar works dr.es not convince the reader, then those who are already helipvprs will hol.i the scepticism to be a proof of prejudice or weakness of the ln2ieal faculties. These sny it cannot be all imagination, for even so an unimaginative a person as a late eminent naturalist saw one evening on his return from a dinner party, an intellectual-looking spectre in the oloisters of Westminster Abbey. It would be both . uncharitable and ?untrue for anyone to sugee?t that the dinner partr hsd any thins to do with the apparition ; but, be the explanation what it may, it must be admitted that the ' intellectual appearance ' was in keeping with the locality. . 'Why it was there, no one seems to know. It may have held a right of wayoverthe premises, though this hardly seems likely, for it was nnnnn .fton TioF.^m^ nr»n no o i fr. noon eppn since. This is rather unfortunate, for respectable ghosts are not so plenti ful as in days gone by. Then every family of high degree could boast its ghost attached to the ances tral seat, and considered it as much a part o? the household as the running footman. True, these were the aris tocrats of the species, quite of a different category from those shadow less ones who nrowls about church yards and such like places at midnight ? It is1 difficult to understand their predilection for the 'witching hour.' Perhaps . the chilly air then prevalent fs congenial to their constitution. It cannot .be that they are in search of the festivities which are sometimes prolonged until that hour, for, as far as can he ascRrtaine'l, a ghost playing whi..t or singing a comic song is quite unknown. Indeed, their habits seem opposed to such things, and they meander about with they fleshles ribs until tho . cock crows. What they would do if the cock failed to crow cannot readily bp imagined, but with out, doubt their presence could be bettor tolerated if, they were of a more jovial disposition. , A good 16st. ghost 'with a double chin would be a welcome change, wliile one that would smoke a long pipe.'anrl tell a funny story would meet with 'a friendly reception at any fireside. .But ghosts don't go in for that sort ^bf^thinc. They prefer ; to perambulate ? about''1 premises on which I th'uy Jiaye no-right to enter,' evidently being- a,ware.of the fact that thero is. j do legal' remedy, against them. That | this is' sq .[ is ' clrarly a defect of. our statup-Hoolr, and .any. member of; our reformcd.Pi'irliament might earn | fame, and'.'.the aratitnde.of all 'timid j people by',:brjn«ing in a bill making j ghiats amenable to the law of tres pass. ??'?':.'.;': ''','', Ghosts, like less .privileged . beings, tn-a ana/innf iVkla'fn flin ' nmtr»HS l Op fcllfi tildes. Eccentricity and aimless par pose were notable feat uros in old-timed I ghosts, 'but .'. those now introtl uced to J ' us by modern novelists always :act in a business- like' Way, and consequently' are treated, witli more consideration.'. No longer doestho pale spectre haunt , ? tho 'lonely, copse, .making ''?' the ..night, hideous wiili its' cries. It' has 'grown out of that. It is not now contented with appearing at inopportune moments to the ir/dispensabie villian, . and causing him tp3: tremble, for it has a. higher duty to 'perform than merely, punishing , the evil-doer:; '^ It;'' ; is; its' prerogative to 'reward the 'innocent heroine by 'restoring' the .usurped in heritance, and the joy it exhibits when it points out the Rpot! where is hidden the long-lbBt !will ia equalled only by triumphant smile which lights up its countenance as she falls on the breast of her faithful Lancelot, to be happy ever after. The etni»e dealB largely in ghosts. Here one finds a great assort ment, from the scientific Bsnquo of a West-end house to tho amateur's Ham let's fatht;r with creaky-boot*. Tho 'pro's' love one ghost above nil others, and when he fails to walk on a 'treasury' night their feelings a-e often to denp for words, and the terseness of their expression sjives no relief. Uther professions havo their gho'ts. Art his haunted- by them. . Tho' aiuiplora'ghosS which fijiureliti the law Qourts some, years buco, ib within tho memory of all, though the sliding panel and trapdoor savoured move of romance than of fact. Tt is a delicate question as to' how far an artist is justified i-) accepting ' ghostly ' aid. Those vener ated beings, the Old Masters, whose works it is heresy to criticise, were not over-scrupulous on this point, and if we knew and wished to tell the whole truth, the frames of many masterpieces would have to be widened to admit the names of all those who had helped to create them. The master-mind, it is true, should not waste its time on -vbat is purely mechanical, but the difficulty is to decide where the mechanical ends and the artistic begins. At the Bar tho ' devil ' is a recognised institution, without which many of tho leaders would be as helpless as a tillorless boat. Dickens, in ' A Tale of Two Cities, ' casts some opprobrium upon Stryver for making use of the talents of Sidney Carton ; yet if Carton made the bullets, it was Stryver who aimed and fired them, and that is not an un important part to play. Ifc would be almost as absurd to deny a Queen's counsel the credit of fighting a case because his junior ?' looked it up,' as to maintain that a man was not tho author of a book because he dictated it to an amanuensis instead of writing it with bis own hand. If a barrister is allowed a.devil, it seems unfair that an artist should not be permitted to use a' ghost. The world would be the richer for it. It woald give more time to the masterhand in which to invest other productions with the ' artistic merit ' which raises them above the level of potboilers. But there are ghosts of a less corporeal nature than these. The world is full of phantoms, w.hich men pursue, and which, in their turn, often pursue men. Mr. Tapioca Rice, of Mincing lane, has visions wherein his semi-detached villa at Dulwich expands to a countrv mansion, the narrow gravel walk into a stately drive, thp. sickly evergreens become a noble avenue of elms, and the morning 'bus is transformed to a carriage and pair — all to ba his when he has added another cipher to his income. And for this he toils and toils, surrendering the many littla pleasures of to-day for the greater ones that are to come ; and when at last he has gained the coveted nousrht, and is in a position to build his castles of something more substantial than air, he finds his health broken, friends gone, and death plucking at his. sleeve, croaking that the reality has been given up for the shadow. Poor fellow ! He had spent his life in chasing a phantom. And he is a type of man}'. To some it is wealth, to others it is fame : but when once a bid is made for either, the history of the chase is the same. Heedless of the wrecks which lie on each side of the way, on they go, struggling, toiling,. worrying. And if after all the weary grind, the heart-burning, and the jealousies, they gain success What then ? They may possess an income of many figures, or win the applause of thousands, the little mound of earth with a white headstone — the goal common to both success and failure — is whore they finish.- How many biographies could be summarised by placing on that headstone between 'born' and' 'died' the words, 'He worked, and was ambitious.' And, yet, what matters all this to him who rests below? What to him are the hopes and tears of the multitude who hurry by ? In life he was one of them ; now he is but a name, to be forgotten long before Time has made illegible tho carved letters which tell the curious who and what he was; And perhaps it was to avoid this that he toiled. The wish to be remembered, apart from the countless thousand who have been and and who are to be, led him to sacrifice health, pleasure, and it may be, life itself, .to gain that which is as unsub stantial as a shadow-— fame. And yet it is good for such men to live. Without some stimulus to spur them on, men would be content to remain where the accident of birth had placed them, and tile progress of cultivation would be at a standstill. ? It is such men who have ' raised the human race out of the bar barism in which our history begins, and thus the world is benefited by their labours. The poet may not wear the brty . he pined for during life, but if his song cheered one weary soul upon its way, it was not sung in vain. The artist may toil and starve in his garret, and the canvas which glows with his genius may fail to attract one glance from a capricious nublic : but what matters ? If it helps to brighten one home, however homely, it has done its part. Life is a life of toil, and though drones exist amongst us, they are as useless as their namesakes in a hive. It is the workers who benefit the world, and though they may not be appreciated by the many, they have their reward in .the knowledge that they have done their duty,' and will1 leave . the world better than they found it. — Standard. 