NOTES IN PARLIAMENT. Before proceeding to the business on the paper Mr. Hcnson had a question to ask. He wanted to know whether the boxing saloons of Newcastle and Sydney were to be allowed the right of free competition with the Legislative Assembly. Mr. Henson did not couch his question exactly in this lan guage, but, substantially, tliat is what it amounted to. Sir Henry Partes answered no. The police of both Sydney and Newcastle, he intimated, had received instructions " to prevent persons from boxing to exhnustion that is, from out these contests under the same rules as those by which the M'Elhone- Matheson match was governed. They "boxed to exhaustion" with the smiling approval of the House and Government, and in presence of both Mr. M'Elhone subse quently issued a challenge for a return match under the same rules. To thisthcHouse again agreed, ahd as far as appears it is still waiting for Mr. Mathoson to cover the stakes. It seems, therefore, that tho hahituCs of the political saloon are to have a monopoly of the right, to " box to exhaustion " with bare knuckles. In the other places gloves will have to bo used and knock- outs will bo dis allowed, which means that the business as a money-making concern is about busted up. Parliamentary bruisers will have no compe tition. Mr. Henson seemed quite satisfied with this, and yet he puts up for a free trader. After this point was settled and persons patronising other pugilistic shows than those run under Parliamentary auspices were duly threatened with legal pains and penalties, tho Premier had to perform the last sad offices on behalf of his son Mr. Varnev Parkes, who yesterday afternoon gave up the political ghost. The Speaker read his letter of resignation and Sir Henry Parkes moved that the seat be declared vacant. Mr. Melville offered a tear of chivalrous sympathy. "On behalf of the Opposition," whose chief (Mr. Dibbs). was absent — (listen to that Mr. Abbott) — he expressed sorrow for the event. Young Mr. Parkes was a promising political youth, Mr. Melville said, with tbe air of a connois seur, and it was a pity to see him cut off at such an early age. He may havo promised a good deal, but if so his performances scarcely justified it. We do not know tho cause of Mr. Parkes' resignation, but Bhould not be surprised to fiud him later on " testifying " as a " saved politician." This would be nothing out of the way, Pugilists, lawyers and weather prophets have gathered at the fountain, and, when all comes to all, why not politicians 7 The whole of last night was again devoted to disoussing tho second reading of the new Land Bill, The term discussion, understand, is employed merely, in a euphemistic sense- As a matter of cold fact, there wa9 no such thing as discussion. Mr. Chanter put that out of the question from the very start as effectually as was done by Mr. Cope- land on the previous night. Mr, Chanter does not speak in the oratorical meaning of tbe word. What ho does is to stand up, cast hiB eyes ou the floor and brood aloud. For five melancholy hours he stood at the table lost night brooding in . this fashion over the whole subject of laud legislation from prehistoric times down to tho present day. The effect upon the House was that of a wet blanket on a farthing rushlight. It ex tinguished every spark of vitality, killed energy dead, and before two hours had passed, a pouting, fagged and prostrate House was abjeatly gasping for mercy. "Look at the oloek," pleaded Bir Henry Parkes at the third hour, but ho might just as well have asked a ton of earth that had fallen on him to get up and lot him go. Mr. Chanter stood still and wandered on like a man talking in his sleep. When 9 o'clock had passed and there were no signs of the infliction abating up rose Mr., Tonkin in rebellion, On the point of order he sub mitted that no member had a right to monopolise the whole time of the House in this unheard- of fashion. He lrnd made a calculation whioh showed that if evey member olaimed the right to speak as long as Mr. Cbantor had already spoken the debate on tho second reading alone would occupy no less than 20 weeks. He was dis oussing the bill clause by elausc and repeat ing himself ad infinitum upon each. This, Mr. Tonkin submitted, was out of order on the second reading of a bill, and he would like to have the Speaker's opinion as to whotlier he was right or not. As much for the purpose of gaining a respite from Mr. Chanter's infliction as for anything else, a long discussion took place here on the abstract rights of an individual member in regard to taking up time. Ou tbe Government side it waq argued that there must be a point of finality somewhere, while the Opposition just as strongly main tained that there was none. Their conten tion was that any member who liked was entitled to go on repeat ing the most wrotohed inanities until the crack of doom aud Parliament should sit dumb till ho finished, Mr. Slattsry, Mr. Garvan, Mr. Lyne and a num ber of others who knew better strongly advocated this. Several members oq the other Bide kept them in play, and by this means an hour's respite was gained, it being well understood that no matter how the point of order was decided Mr. Chanter would still go on. Tbe Speaker ultimately ruled that there was a point of finality under the Standing Orders, (but it was a very long way off, and as far as ha could discern with the naked eye Mr. Chanter had not got beyond it. The House was moderately filled -while tho pdint of order was being discussed, but as soon as Mr. Chanter resumed the quorum vanished; and for the remainder of tbe time the atten dance fluctuated 'between six and 13. At olose on 11 o'clock he faded slowly away, leaving a dim impression that he disliked tbe bill as a whole and might possibly vote against it, Mr. Dawson, "as a oountry member,' then submitted that it was only in accord with the common fitness of things that he should say something on the land question. What to say, however, was the trouble. Not only bad everything pertinent been used up by previous speakers, but every Irrelevant thing that mortal man could think of about land legislation had been repeated not onoe but a dozen times. At any rate he might in a general sort of way remark that the bill had its good and its bod points. And this was the difference be tween it and the bill whioh he would draught himself. That wonld contain only good points. Still, he . recognised the unfor tunate faot that all men were not DawionB, aud taking this into consideration, thought that after all Mr. Garrett had not done so badly. He would therefore, juBt by way of encouraging him, vote for the second read ing, and then intimate bow to amend the bill in committee. Upon tbe aptitude to learn the art of law-making then displayed by tbe House, his' vote on the third reading wonld depend. At this stage the " debate " was adjourned till Wednesday, and imme diately after the House rose. was definiloly promised several days ago the Government are still undecided. Consequently tho result will not h. officially known for some days. Wo believe, however, that tho matter lias Been virtually determined and that the Government will 'give the bulk of the contract to the local firms. Mr. Midleton's report on the capacity of the Eveleigh workshops is said to have materially infloonced several members of tho Cabinet, and an effort is to be made- while satisfying the demands of the local manu facturers — to place a check npon them by direc ting the construction of some of the engines at Eveleigh under the supervision of Mr. Midle- ton. It may, therefore, be taken as settled that the work will not be permitted to leave tho colony. Mr. Midlcton was before tho Cabinet for some time and underwent a close examina tion. Wc understand that two local firm9 ore prepared to make locomotives of the type required here at a price from 16 to 17J per cent, above the English cost. 