? THE SITOWFLAKES FALL. i 'YES ; it was a strange sight. I cannot explain it,Jmy dear Clara ; I' can tell you truly what I saw." A'merry party was assembled in Mrs, Godwin's drawing-room ia Mountjoy-Square. The best avgateur tenor in Dublin had -swag his famoira £»ng,- »nd ^e* ! 'inopt admiri the coin^ of them, aud very critical,|a|^lbi ence . ^sthe night advance^ the guests began td teike ifearo. j" some of jrfie mosfjiotiiaiate friendsofiAe|hbu8e lingered »n' Music: atid fintotioa werc not ' this only 'Attractions to be found at the Godwins' ; good talkers and^ cultivated^and^^j^^rfere fond of whiling away an : hour at that tireside. Siicli a'gi-oup now closed round the fireplace^ the larger drawing- room. It was" a stormy nighty " ' and " Mr.; - - Godwin,-; - - -who;had just rej6ined^he circle "af^r :^utt0uQg - ijome ladies into tiseir carriage,- declaredVthai his coat had_bf^ipoYrdered o.ver. 1^tb,8pojr« kXI'i* His wife fold hiin that the convereation had tui^d npon theSupernatural, and that o. , . „ .^t. i M r a ' S f " f ^ ^ U ^ >wthfiBticate d glifiMSiiioisft gnOBt.Btoiyi «•«! tj^ f>*V VrJr " It is remarkable," r he^ replifed^ ?' what a strong interest the supernatural lias for .us^ an inter^. somewhat. ; mingled. witlLffear ; ] and why, after all, should we fear that which ' we must ouinselves sooner or later become There was no answer to this, question, but with onte c.oiigeut the company; drew their chairs a little closer to tlie glowing hearths Mr. Godwin-continued, in a* dreamy tone,: " Souls are leaving the body to-night in the midst of this snowstorm ; they are now finding out all tbere is to-know. Ay, it is pleasant to thiuk of the discoveries that certainly await us—au experience.none can rob us. of." " Don't philosophize, your reverence." interrupted his wife. " We are Waiting for Mrs. St„ John's story." *' Well,- dear Clara," proceeded Mis. St. John, "as, ! said before, I had a> strange adventure in Edinburgh some years ago." My" brother had;/ business. : there; and my 'little sistei^SuSaniiridjr%t^mp^mfed *lnm. It was/ the time of year when the 'assemblies met, and the streets of the beautif ul City swarmed with clergymen. Every hotel and house was full. " We droye from .house to house, and at last, finding no rest for the scde of; our foot we tried Mrs. Miiekay, uiy "Ijrother's former landlady.'- {- ^''^'T- , " A comfortable room* was'jftsBighed to Susan and me ; and a sinall ' «be!i, standing, 'beside the fire, looked so jattractive to my weary sister, that she determined to occupy it, leaving the large bed at the other end of; the room to me. " " We slept soon, being tired after-bur long Journey ; but I awoke early in the night, aud by the bright light of the fire ; J saw a little, figure not more' than four years old in a white night-dress standing on- the rug, aiid gazing into the small bed. ^ • " ' Where has itcome from, and how did it "get into my room V was my next thought; and I shiit iny eyes and felt startled when I recollected that I had turned the key in the door before stepping into bed. As Mr. Godwin remarked just now,^one's first sensation at sight of the supernatural is always'that of fear. When I summoned up courage to look again, the little figure was gone. " 1 got up quickly, and, lifting Susan in my arms, carried her off to uiy bed. I said nothing to her of our mysterious little visitor, but when my brother was settling the bill with the landlady next morning, I asked, ' Who is the fair-haired child who was in our room last night ?' Audi described its appearance. ! "' That child," she said, after a long pause, and in a low, agitated voice—" that child is my little boy, who died five yfears aigo. A kettle of boiling water fell upon him in that room, and he died from the effects of the scald. The small bed beside tbe fireplace used to be his bed, and he never likes to see any other child sleep in it. Sometimes, when the house has been . very full, I have put a child there, and be has been seen standing by the bed as. you saw him last night; so I made up my mind that I Would not do it again. But, indeed, miss, I was so confuscd by the bustle yesterday evening, people coming and going, and everyone calling for me, that I forgot poor Willy's dislike to see a bairn in his bed, and did. not ask you to let the little lady sleep with you.' " I forget what reply I made, but I wrung the poor mother's baud, .and I wiped away ! more than one tear as we drove from the door. That is the only glimpse of the supernatural I have ever had." There was an immediate demand for an" other ghost story. Everybody in company could tell of something extraordinary which he had heard, but only a few were able to describe what they had seen. - Tl\e mistress of the honse was one of the latter. "Ask Clara to give you the history of Honour Reilley," said Mr. Godwin. " For a loug time she disliked to speak of her ; but I do not thiuk she objects much now." All eyes were turned from the speaker to his lively, sparkling little wife. If the grave clergyman sanctioned tbe telling of the tale there must indeed be credibility in it. The l&dies; of his congregation were accustomed to hang upon his lips each Sunday. He was their oracle ; they vied with each other in complimeuting him. Mrs. Godwiflh)byed nervously with her large black fan: - v- .,-• _ " When we were married,"she began " we lived in a remote part of Tyrone, in a tumbledown old Rectory. The young woman who nursed our three eldest children was a faithful warm-hearted creature, called Honor BeiU e jOSne Fad been so satisfactory a servangT&at; Ijwas pety xotxy when she marneathe Squire's coachman^ and left our service. " I shall always be interested in you, Honor ; and if you are ever in oieed of help of any kind, be sure to come to me. Remember that you have a friend "as long as I live,' I said to her on hei: jWeddingAnorning. • f; -"'Dear ma'am,'she replied, 'you are my only friend ; for I ha' no sib friends belonging to me. Ay. if I am ever iu trouble, 1*11 be certain sure to £ome to you.' " Time w^n&»n, andfthe nursery at: the r Rectory beganfe fuller.? Severalfnursea had ^ filled lipuo%.place^ii£®oue >fcadlpleasett me as she had done. * She "wrote to me occasionally. Her letters were not cheerful. Her husband had taken to drink, and had lost oue place after another. Tlie last letter, however, had been a happy one, itelling of the birth of a son— 4 such a sWeet infant, like Master Edward,' she wrote. The letter came from Jersey, whither her husband had accompanied a new master. But four years had elapsed since the receipt of jbhat,letter, and I did not know whetherJffbndir vjas alive:or dead. It was natural enough that her figure should fall in somewhat into the background in my thoughts; indeed, I rarely recollected her at all. . " One winter's evening I sat by the nursery fire, with the baby on my lap. The cheert " 1 light of fire and candle fell on the chHn's curly heads and white pinafores as ;hey played near roe. Suddenly I ceased to ag to baby, and an irresistable impulse kj|5ed me to looktound. At thedoorofthe ner nursery, which was ajar, I saw Honor's race gazing at me wistfully and earnestly. The face was older and more careworn than ,WJien I had seen it last, but I knew it perfectly, and in my deb'ght at seeing it again, I 'started to myfeet.ahdealled, *.Honor. Honor £ you ? : "Hon&r;'s figure was not visible, only her 4kce peeping fiom behind the half-open door; ^ad wheu l looked again it was gone. As ^W^F 6 was no answer to my call, l'got up and , a' arrie d. baby into the inner nursery, fuDy expecting to find Honor there; but to my great surprise the room was empty. .then struck me for tbe.first time that as glp-'inner nursery had but one door, that open" ing off the room in which I had been seated, Ifonor must have passed close behind my "febair to gain the inner room ; and I wondered fiSt? 5 had / "O? heard a footstep. But this fonder Was slight as compared to my astonishment at her disappearance. From whence had, she come1 ? I opeped the window shut- •ters and looked out into the damp, dark "Dewmber night. Gaunt laurels, almost al- „w§,ys dripping with moisture, grew near the Window ; fitful gusts drove their scragfjy ajsnis against the panes, and I could not s-je anything beyond their gloomy ranks. ' What a dreadful night for a traveller !' -'thought I ; forgetting that, if Honor were •the kind of;traveller I imagined her to be, winter night, falling-rain, and sweeping:blast must be-the same to her has sunshine and -warmth. " Mr. Godwin laughed at me when I told my story, and declared that my health must be -out of order. Now, your reverence, you 'can't deny that you recommended steel and quinine." " I do not attempt to deny it, Claia, my •• "l • * But he cJiangediis tone. 'On -the tlurd .morning after Honor's appearance, I found a letter, directed. in an unknown hand, lying beside my plate. * 'Plymouth !' I cried, examining the post niark. 'I have no acquaintances in Plymouth.' " The letter read as follows :— : = ? *- 'Plymouth Convent of the Sacred Heart,' % 17th December, 1866. "' MADAM,— . ' f« • I was some days ago .summoned to the beside of a; poor Irish woman named Honor Beilly, who was -brought- in—a' dying, .state from the Jersey packet to the hospital which it is my duty to attend. Her husband, lately jm Jihe service of a gentleman in Jersey, h'^d Jfegerted her, and she was indebted to the charity of his late master for , the >fnnds that ^enabled her and ber child to- reach England-. She died on the evening of the 14th instant, after giving me your address, and imploring me to write and tell you that she and the child had been on their way to you when hiei last illness overtook her ; that you were her only friend in this world, and that she prayed ,you, for the love of God, to remember your promise, and be good to her boy. " 'I was to give her maiden name," ReilJy, ~ as she said you 'would recollect her best by it. Having unburdened her mind, she seemed very much relieved, and died quite calmly. The child, a boy of four years old, is in our charge, and we only await your answer and permission before sending him to Ireland by the next safe opportunity. " 'Your obedient servant " ' ANGELICA, " ' Sister of the Order of the Sacred Heart.' " I was terribly startled, as you may imagine, and I think my hnsband was even more so. I asked him what I was to think ? Was I to believe that poor Honor came in the spirit to visit me on the night she died, to eulist my sympathies on behalf of her son? He could not give me any answer, though he tried hard to find one. " Neither the theological nor the classical books that he is always studying seemed able to furnish him with an idea on the subject of ghostly appearances." You expected too much from my reading my uear Clara," said Mr. Godwin, smiling. " Well, he had to give up the steel and quinine theory, and I think we both believed that poor Honor's soul had appeared to me." " Thank you, Mrs. Godwin," said the - soprano ; " that is undoubtedly as well an authenticated ghost stoiy as one can desire. I suppose you brought np the little boy ? " " Certainly. I wrote to Sister Angelica to send him at orce. We felt that poor Honor's trust in us was sacred, and was not to be disappointed ; so we brought up and educated her son, and would have put him out in the world, but he preferred to stay - with us. You saw the young man who handed coffee ?—that is Honor's son," 