CHAPTER VI. TO TOE DAT'S END. I. was indeed high time for them to run. On every side the company of the Bln k Arrow was making for the hill. Some being heter runners, or having open grond to ran upon, had far oncetpped the others, and were already clo.e aonu the goal; some following valleyse, had spread out to right and left, and outflanked the lade on either side. Dick plauged into the neareet cover. It wan a tall grove of oak., firm under foot. and clear of nderruhrsh. anld ae it lay down hill. they made good speed. There followed ,eex= a niece of open, which Dick avoided, holding to hi. left. Two minutes after, and the seme obetacle arising, the lade followed the aame oeUre. Thua It filowned that, while the la's. bending continually to the left, drew nearer and nearer to the blhi road and the river which they had croseed aq t hour or two before, the great bulk of their I* porsuere were leanion to the other hand, and a running twarda Tunstall. V The lade paused to breathe. There was no sound of pursuit. J.ck put his ear to ato ground, and still there was nothing ; a bt the wind, to be sure, still made a tur. moil in the trees, and it was hard to make I certain. ' On again,' said Dick ; and tired as they Swere, and Matcbham limping with his injured foot, they pulled themselves together, and I once more pelted down the hill. Three minutes later they were breasting t through a low thicket of evergreen. High overhead the tall trees made a continuous roof of foliage. It was a great pillared grove, as high as a cathedral, and except for the hollies among which the lade were struggling, open and smoothly awarded. Oathe other side, pushing through the last fringe of evergreen, ther blundered forth again into the open twilight of the grove. ' Stand I' cried avoice. And there, between the huge stems, not fifty feet before them, they beheld a stout fellow in green, sore blown with running who instantly drew an arrow to the head and covered them. Matcham stopped with a cry; but Dick, without a pause, ran straight upon the forester, drawing his dagger as he went. The other, whether he was startled by the daring of the onslaught, or whether he was hampered by his orders, did not shoos ; he stood wavering ; and before he had time to to come to himself, Dick, with a great cry, bounded at his throat, and sent him sprawling backward on the turf. The arrow went one way and the bow another with a sounding twang, The disarmed forester grappled his assailant; but the dagger shone and descended twice. Then came a couple of groans, and then Dick rose to his feet again, and the man lay motionless, stabbed to the heart. SO,' eaid Dick ; and he once more pelted forward Matcham trailing in the rear. To say truth, they made but poor speed of it by now, labouring dismally as they ran, and oatchig tfor their breath like fish. Matcham had a cruelstitch, and his head swam ; and as for Dick, his knees were like lead. But they kept up the form of running with undimInished courage. Presently they came to the end of the grove, It stopped abruntly, and there, a few yards before them, was the high road from aisotghbam to Shoreby, lying at this point, between two even walls of forest. At the i^ht Dick pauecd and as soon aa he stopped running, he became aware of a confused noise, which rapidly grew louder. It was at first like the rush of a very high gust of wind, but soon as it became more definite, and resolved itself into thegalloping of horses; and then, like a flash, a whole company of nen atcarms came driving round the corner, swept before the lade, and were gone again upon the instant. They rode as for their lives, in complete disorder ; some of them were wounded ; riderless horses gal. loped at their side with bloody saddles. They were plainly fugitives from the great battle, The noise of their naesage had scarce begun to die away towards Shorebyl before fresh hoofs came echoing in their wake, and another deserter clattered down the road, this time a single rider and, by his splendid armour, a man of high de. gree. Close after him there followed several baggage waggons, fleeing at an ungainly canter, the drivers flailing at the horses as if for life. These must have run early in the day; but their cowardice was not to save them. For just before they came abreast of where the lads stood wondering, a man in hacked armour, and seemingly beside himself with fury overtook the waggons, and with the trunoheon of a sword, began to cut the drivers down. Some leaped from their places and plunged into the wood; the others he sabred as they eat, cursing them the while for cowards in a voice that was scarce human. All this time the noise in the distance had continued to increase; the rumble of carts, the clatter of horses, the cries of men, a great confused rumour, came swelling on the wind; and it was plain that the rout of awhole army was pouring, like an inundation, down the road Dick stood sombre. le had meant to follow the highway till the turn for Holy. wood, and now he had to change his plan. But above all, he had recognised the colours of Earl Rieingham, and he knew that the battle had gone finally against the rose of Lancaster. Had Sir Daniel joined, and was h' now a fugitive and ruined ? or bad he deserted to the side of York, and was be forfeit to honour ? It was an ugly choice. ' Come,' he said, sternly : and, turning on his heel, he began towalk forward through the grove, with Matcham limping in his rear. For some time they continued to thread the forest in silence. It was growing late the sun was setting in the plain beyond Kettley; the tree tops overhead glowed golden ; but the shadows had began to grow darker and the chill of the night to falL ' If there were anything to eat ' cried Dick, suddenly, pausing as be spoke. Matcham sat down and began to weep. ' Yo can weep for your own supper, but when it was to save men's lives, your heart was hard enough,' said Dick, contemptu ously. ' Y' 'ave seven deaths upon your conscience, Master John ; I'll ne'er forgive you that.' ' Conscience !' cried Matcham, looking fiercely up, ' Mine I and ye have the man's red blood upon your dagger I And wherefore did ye slay him, the po'.r soul 7 1ie drew his arrow, but he let not fly ; be held you in his hand, and spared you I 'Tie as brave to kill a kitten as a man that not defends him self.' Dick was struck dumb. I slew him fair. I ran in upon his bow,' he criea. 'It was a coward blow,' returned Matcham. 'Y' are but a loot and bully, MasterDick; ye but abuse advantages; let there come a stronger, we will see you truckle at his boot I Ye care not for vengeance, neither-for your father's death that goes unpaid, and his poor ghost that olamoureth for justice. But if there come but a.poor creature in your bands that lacketh ekilil and setrength, and would befriend ypu, down she shall go I' Dick was too furious to observe that 'she.' Marry r be eriedt 'and here is news I Of any two the one will still be stronger. The betterman throweth the worse, and the worse is wellserved. Ye deserve a belting, Master Ma~oham, for your ill-guidanoe and unthank. falnees to meward ; and what ye deserve ye shall have.' And Diek, who, even in his angriest temper, still preserved he aporarance of composure, began to unbuckl- his belt. ' Here shall be your supper,' be said, -grimly M atcham had stopped his tears ; he was os white assa sheet, but he looked IDhk steatily in the face, and never moved. Dick tosk a step, swinging the belt. Then he paused, embarraesed by the large eyes aud the thin, weary face of his companion. Hsla courage began to subeside. f Bay ye were in the wrong, then,' he said, lamely. ' Nay,' said Mataham, 'I was in theright. Come, creel II be lame; I be weary; I resist not; I no'er did thee hurt; come, beat me, oowsrd I' Dick raised the belt at this laest provoca. tion; but Matchum winced and drew him self together w'th so cruel an apprehension, that his heart failed him yet again. The strap fell by his side, and he stood Irreso lute, feeling ihke a fool. SA plaine upon thee, shroew I' he said. SAn ye hbe so feeble of hand, reehould keep th" closet guard upon your tongue. But I'll be hanged before I beat you I' and hbspu on his belt agasn. 'Beat you I will non,' be eontioued; ' but forgive you 7-never. I knew yon not; ye were my master's enemy; I lena you my horse; my dinner ye have eaten : y 'ave called me a man on' wood, a coward, and a bually. Nay, by the mass lI the mesnau is filled, and runneth over 'Tie a greasr thing to be weak, I trow;. ye can do yor w,rst, yet shall none punt-h yn ; ye m-y steal a man's weapons in the hoer of need, yet may the man not take his own again-y' are weakrt, foraeoth I Nay, 'hen, if .ne cometh charging at you with a lance, and crietb he ia w" tk, ye must let him plercr your body through I Tut I fool words 1' ' And yet ye brat me not,' returnee Matnh'm. ' L?t he,' said Dick-' sle be. I will in. strnct you.. Y' 'ave been ill.nnrared, me'hinks, and vet vs have the makings of rome good. snd. beyrind all question, saved me from the river. Nsay,. I hb.d forgotten it: I am as thankle.s as thyarlf. But come, let ns ',n. And we he for Holywood this unghr, uy, or to tnorrow early, we bad bert set for w'rd speedily.' But thoough Dick bhadu talked himself bahk int, hit usual aood humour, Matchem had forriveo him nothing. His violencP, th' recollerti ,n of the foraester whom he had slann--ahnve ll, the vielion of the uratd~ed belt, were tbinaue not easily to be foroOtten. *I will thank yen, for the forret' asks,' said Matcham ' But, in sooth, giod Master Shelton. I had lieer find my way aole. Here is a wide wood ; prithee, lotachcbosee tr t p.th ; I owe you a tluier and a?eeanul. IFare ye well l' 'Nay,' cried Dick,' if that be your tune, sobe it, and a plause be with you I' Each turned aside, and they began walking off severally, with no thou.ht of the direc. Lion, intent solely on their quarrel. But Dick had not gone ten paces ere his name was called, and Matcham came running after. 'Dick,' he said, 'it were unmannerly to part so coldly. Uere is my hand, and my heart with It. For allthat wherein you have so excellently served and helped me-not for the form, but from the heart, I thankyou. Fare ye right well.' 'Well, lad.' returned Dick, taking the band which was offered him, ' good speed to rou, if speed you may But I misdoubt it shrewdly. Y' are too disputatious.' So then they separated for the second time; and presently it was Dick who was running after Matcham. Here,' he said, ' take my cross bow; shalt not go unarmed.' ' A cross bow !' said Matoham. ' Nay, boy, I have neither the streugth to bend nor yet the skill to aim with it. It were no help to me, good boy. But yet I thank you.' The night had now fallen, and under the trees they could no) longer eaid each other's face. 'I will go some little way with you,' said Dick. 'The night is dark. I would fain leave you on a path, at least. My mind mis giveth me, y' are likely to be lost.' Wg Without any more words, he began to walk forward, and the other once more followed him. The blackness grew thicker and thicker : only here and there, in open places, they saw the sky, dotted with small stare. In the distance, the noise of the rout of the Lanca.trian army still continued to be faintly audible ; but with every step they left it further in the rear. At the end of half an hour of silent progress they came forth upon a broad patch of heathy open: It glimmered in the light of the stars, shaggy with fern and islanded with clumps of yew.. And here they paused and looked upon eabhbother. ' Y' are weary,' Dick said. 'Nay, I am so weary,' answered Matohamn, that methinlrks I could lie down and die.' 'I hear the chiding of: a river,' returned Dick. 'Let us go so far forth, for I am sore athirst.' The ground sloped down gently ; and, sure enough, in the bottom, they found a mnut. ?nringriver, running among willows. Hirse they threw themselves dowa together by the brink ; and putting their miuthe to the level ofa starry pool, they dranktheir fill. 'Dick,' said Matcham, ' lt may not be. I can no more.' 'I saw a pit as we came di?w,' said Dick. 'Let us lie down therein an sleep.' 'Nay, but with all mi heart !' cried Matabam. The pit was sandy and l y; a shock of brambles hung upon one heige, and made a I partial shelter ; and there the two lade lay down, keeping close together for the sake of warmth, their quarrel all forgotten. And soon sleep fell upon them lilt a cloud, and under the dew and stars theyrested peace fully. N (TO -E CONTINUDj 