SECTARIANISM IN POLITICS. THH wOAIIiT TELEGRAPH ' ON THE ORANGE SOCIETY AND ITS POLITICAL PUPPETS. The Daily Teleo-rapk of July 26, in an editorial dealing with what it described as ' the insolently dictatorial tone adopted by the Orange society towards the head of; the present Government./' ha,B the following : — ' The incident derives its claim fco special notice i'rom the fact that the threat delivered ?against the Premier at Manly was uttered on be £iair or one or ms own coiieagnes, tne Minister for Mines, who seems to have taken it upon himself to give the Government away to a lodge in a manner that his chief finds the reverse of satis factory. Ms?. Abigail was asked to attend an Orange demonstration at Manly, bub excused MmE-al£ on the ground that his making the duties of Ms highly-salaried public office subordinate to tib.e dictatea of a lodge had previously been re sented by Parliament. And to the powers of a lodge he complained bitterly that his brother craftsmen in the House on this occasion raised no voice in his defenco. Because of this neglect of duty on their part he did not think it prudent to put himself in the way of public censure again, and so felt reluctantly compelled to give hi« ob ligations as a Minister precedence over his ob ligations aa an Orangeman. Now it happens that the most straight-out condemnation of Mr. Abigail's action in deserting his public office to attend Orange meetings in the country was by Sir Henry Paj.kes. And it was Sir Henry Parkes, therefore, that, according to Mr. Abigail, fche members of the House should have risen to castigate, It, seems that this is just how the lodge authorities interpreted Brother Abigail's complaint, for they at once proceeded to ask Sir Henry Parkes it1 he understood what he was say ing whan he got up to censure a colleague for being away from his Parliamentary post on the invitation of a lodge. They intimated to the Premier, in reply to Mr. Abigail's communication, that it was the lodge that had first to be con sulted in these matters, and warned him to keep his proper place for the future. It is satisfactory, however, to find Sir Henry Parkes treading the pretensions or' Orangeigm to hear political com plaints from his colleagues 80 promptly under foot. But if the lodge cannot make a tool of Sir Henry Parkes it may console itself in the facb that another politician immediately suggested Mmself. 'I am an Orangeman,' aaid Mr. Dibbs, as soon as Sir Henry ParkeB had repudiated the right of the society to exercise political censorship over him. And because he was an Orangeman he pointed out that he was not amongst the accusers of Brother Abigail. Mr. Dibbs has tried a lot of political characters without proving a sucoees in any. He now finds apparently thatthere is nothing to be madie out of trying to kiss at one smack the toes of Mr. Luscombe and the Pope. Boyne 'Water may, therefore, be his next resort. If the Orangemen wish to redress the wrongs of Brother Abigail, therefore, Brother Dibbs is their man. But what a spectacle ib is for the country to contemplate—its political leaders offering its interests for sale in the Bccfcarian market like this ! The Orangemen rebuke Sir Henry Parkea for not considering the interests of their order before the interests of the country, claiming that thoy have a right to expect thia at. his hands in return for services rendered. Sir Henry Parkes no sooner repudiates this obliga tion than the Opposition leader hints to the Orangemen to come and make terms with him. la ifc a»y wonder tfeati jj, country which tolerates this sort of thing is governed as &ew; South Wales has the misfortune to be '? MBS3R8. ABIOAkfe AND DIBBS ON THEIR DEFENCE. This editorial elicited two replies. Mr. Abigail wrote ?. — ' Your statement that my making the duties of my highly-salaried publid office subordinate to the dictates of a lodge had been resented by Parliament is not correct. Parliament did not resent my going into the country ; there were only three or four members of the House who made the attack upon me, and the names of those will clearly satisfy the public what was their motive. I have earned the hatred of a certain section of the community by my public conduct, and I know full well that from them I shall receive no quartet whatever. Your statement that Orangemen supported the Govern ment party at the last election for sectarian pur poses is equally wrong with most of the other statement*. Orangemen as a rule are lovers of freedom and opposers of all sorts and conditions of tyranny, and they support the party, whoever they may be, who are friends of that cause-, They seek no favours for themselves, but contend for common justice to all alike — Roman Catholics, Protestants, Jews, Gentiles and Pagans— and I challenge tlio production of an instance where thwy have' acted in any other manner ; and knowing as I do that they are the leaders of every good movement in all parts of the colony for the benefit of their fellow-beings — sparing neither time nor money in good works — I consider it naogt unjust to hurl charges at them without giving proof. Of course., nothing better can be expected from those who madia the attack in Parliament' Mr., Dibbs writes :—' For reasons known only to yourself you have most Unfairly put my name prominently forward ifr. connection with the curee of this eotmti'y— miserable^ wretched^ intolerant) sectarian animosity. Permit me to say for public information that when JMnfcfe Alfred was shot by the lunatic O'Farrcll, about the year 1867, and in consequence of a public statement made by Sir Henty Parkes, then Colonial Secretary, in his celebrated Kiama ghost speech of a wide-spread Fenian conspiracy, I, in common with hundreds of loyal natives, became a member of an Orange lodge. I attended not more than two meeting?, because when I found the Kiama ghost conspiracy, which was e&posed; by Mr. William Macleay's his torical committee, was merely a myth, I with numbers of others who had joined the Orangemen refused to continue a member of that of&anisaiioil.; I have from time to time be^n fth&lrged; with many things as a public tfeaft, but my bitterest enemy has netez aared to say that either as a private citiifien or as a public man have I ever permitted an injustice to be done to anyone because he happened to differ from me in faith.' THE TELEGRAPH AGAIN ON THE WARPATH. On Saturday the Telegraph returned to the assault in the following style i — That one atone should bring down two such very wide apart bird* as Mr. Abigail and Mr. Bibbs, as was done by our recent article on u Sectarianism and Politics' if, an occurrence so peculiar that the protests of these stricken inno cftnfca published in our yesterday's issue deserve more than a passing note. We deal with Mr. Abigail's case first. What: he protects against is our pointing out the prudenoe — for we refrained from using any stronger word — of his taking a course frbi'oh had a, tendency to compromise the independence of the Government towards the Orange Society. Mr. Abigail indignantly denies that his conduct is open to any snch construction. Well, this honourable gentle man professes ft quite abormal fondness for lc facts,' wherefore let the facts themselves apeaki Mr. Abigail, some little time back, deserted ins Ministerial post at a time When his absence from the House was a source of very seri ous embarrassment to the Government. His reason for this was that some Orange celebrations up country desired the eclat of his Ministerial presence. As the country pays Mr. Abigail for transacting the business connected with the Mines portfolio, not for attending Orange merry makings, this was naturally made the matter of adverse comment in. Parliament. And in this censure the whole House acquiesced, not one member attempting to defend Mr. Abigail's absence, while the head of the Government was among those who used the most unequivocal terms in condemning it. Against this Mr. Abigail carried his complaint — where ? To the leader of an Orange Lodge Mr. Abigail's com plaint to the authorities of his lodge is as much against the Government side of the House aa against the other. What he wanted these mem bers — the Orangemen who Bit behind the Ministry —to do was to get up and say that Mr. Abigail was perfectly right in leaving his chief in the lurch over the Mining Estimates for the purpose of 'attending Orange celebrations.' And it is quite clear that the lodge understood him to mean this and at the same time to be invoking their interference on his behalf with the Premier. At any rate they promptly came forward and pub licly censured Sir Henry Parkes. It was his business, they told him, to defend Mr. Abigail's preference for Orange merry-makings as against the duties of his Ministerial office and ' consider ing what he owed to the institution it would have been better for him to have held his tongue' than to have joined with those who censured his colleague's absence. Mr. Abigail, in his reply to us, enters into a glowing eulogy upon the personal character of Orangymen. All this is quite irrelevant. Nobody is questioning their character. We suppoae Orangemen in their private capacity are about as good and about as bad as anybody elae. But that has nothing at all to do with the matter under discussion. What we are protesting against is Mr. Abigail's ap parent notion that the Parliament and Cabinet, should be merely branch Orange lodges, subject to the dictatorship of headquarters. Ho, a Minister of the Crown, has acted as if such were the the actual state of things, and this is what we mean by Mr. Abigail's giving — as far as he was able to give — the Government away bo a sectarian society. We have nothing at all to say against the company Mr. Abigail keeps when attending Orango cele brations. We have no doubt that it is quite worthy of him. There is, therefore, not the slightest necessity for him to rush into any argu ment on that point. The whole of our case is, that while he occupies the position of Minister, his duties to the public should be held paramount, irrespective of what society he belongs to. Unless he wishes to contest this, we do not see what else i thore is to argue about, Mr. Pibbs/ letter is not a reply to our article at all. In his letter he declares that he 'refused to continue a member of the organization' as far back as twenty years ago, his connection with it then being the result of a mistake and 'only of ii tenip'orary character;'' Had vre known this we admit that we would not have' referred to' Mr. Dibbs as an Orangeman now. But then how were we to know it? All we know about Mr. Dibbs's connection with sectarianism is what he tella us himself in his public utterances. The only reason we had for assuming that Mr. Dibbs was an Orangeman was because he who we thought ought to know said he was one no later than last Tues day, tiet us quote HAiraARiJ and then Mr; Dibbs will see that that is the journal which wro'nss him, not thia one. In reply to a taunt from Mr. M'Elhone that the Government had ' the Orange crowd at their back,' Sir Henry Parke3 said, speaking on the Public Works Loan Bill on the 24th inst. :— 'It would ^e jdsfc aa reasonable for me to talk of the Boinan Catholic crowd as it is to talk of the Orange crowd in connection with me. I am not an Orangeman ; I was nerer in an Orange lodge ; I do not know what an Orange lodge is ; and why_ am I to be taunted for ever with having come into office with the support of an Oramce crowd ?' Mr. Dibbs : Did I say one word about an Orange crowd ? I am an Orangeman myself ! We have heard of there being two Dibbses be fore in the one skin, one a free-trader and one a protectionist. And now when he gets somewhat old and politically knocked about, one of his selves is still an Orangeman while the other re pudiated the society 20 years ago. regarding Orangeism5 if we do not misinterpret his letter, now as . ' miserable, wretched sectarian ani mosity x' ? 