THE TRAVELLER. .................................................... THE AUSTRALIAN IN ASIA AND EUROPE. .................................................... By J.H. The silver mines of Grecian Laurium be- long to the past, but the wondrous gold mine of Greece is of latter-day discovery. The mining adventurers have been Dr. and Mrs. Schliemann, the lady having a goodly share in the discovenes so generally accredited to her husband's name. The scene of the labours of Dr. Schlie- mann and his hard-working wife have been at Mycenae, but a few hours' distance, and that mostly by railway, from the capital. There is no actual need, however, to visit the barren rocks, and to see there scarcely a ruin among the general desolation, where "The owl, the jackel, and and the lizard keep Their courts where monarchs gloried—and drank deep." The museum ofthe Grecian capital turnishes a substitute. Therein is contained the pro- duct of the labours and marvellous luck of this singular pair of explorers. The Schliemanns stand first as workers in the ways of the rabbit and the mole, and not less successfully in Greece than they were in the Troad. What Schliemann was in a pre- vious form of existance may never be known, but suspicion points to a platypus. He is first of his present condition, and stands as king of all diggers up to now. Sir Samuel and Lady Baker were not greater as travellers and in their Nile discoveries than have been the worthy Schliemanns in their underground labours. Looking at these one might address the Dr. almost in the words Hamlet uses to his father's ghost. "Well done old mole! who works in the earth so well? a worthy pioneer.!" Having finished up their Troy diggings some strange notion led the Schliemanns to follow the conquerer and destroyer of Troy to his Kingdom and grave here at Mycanae. The probability of making any find of value there was absolutely nil. The ground had for at least 3.000 years past. Yet the find was made and exceeded by far the highest expectations. The site of Mycenae is a rocky ruin, and its sole attraction to travellers are vaults in its stony Acropolis, where is situate that which is called by some the tomb of Agamemnon, and by other legends the treasuries of Atreus and his sons. Even Lord Elgin, in his spare- nothing way, had been foiled. He employed his excavators here, but all to a no-discovery end. And there was really nothing else to expect from spacious, empty, and unlighted under- ground vaults, partly cut out of the rock and lined with strongest masonry. These are Egyptian tomb-like in the massive doorway and dome-shaped interiors. Any sarcophagi they ever contained had, as with those in the chambers of the Egyptian pyramids, long since been removed. The lining of the walls, seemingly of copper, had been all stripped off, and the vaults left for a dwell- ing place to darkness, bats, and lizards. There was the consideration also, with sensible people, that nothing of value would likely be buried with one dying as did Agamemnon. When a husband is murdered by his wife and her paramour, his treasures are not usually buried with him. The "old nuisance " being thus got out of the way, his possessions are customarily put to very lively uses, and to no burial purpose beyond the payment of the undertakers bill. And yet the Schliemanns with the instinct of truffle hunters' dogs, went straight from Troy to the traditional tomb of its con- queror. There, truly enough, had been buried with him much of the golden treasure he brought home, together with that un- fortunate Trojan the young Cassandra. As he found that his Queen, Clytemnastrs, had made an Enoch Arden of him while away, it is not easily understood—by the masculine mind—why she objected to her lord bringing home the latter part of his spoil. He was the more injured party, but women never will reason or listen to it—in such cases. The conqueror of Troy was, therelore, by his wife and her Enoch Ægisthus, knocked on the head and put away under the rocks here with Cassandra, and, as it has turned out, much of the other Troy treasure. In a corner of the great vault at Mycenæ the Schliemanns came upon an earthy mound, and dug away below it for 21ft. At this depth they found nearly a score of graves in which skeletons had crumbled. Not so, however, the treasures buried with them, and found in masses of gold, golden masks and breast - plates, and golden vases and ornaments in profusion. All of it is to be seen in one of the museums of Athens, and to it the diggers' phrase of "jeweller's shop" might be more fitly applied than to any Aus- tralian gold find yet made. The whole show is a wonder one. Full and detailed accounts of these Myce- næn discoveries have been published by the Schliemanns in four languages. That in German is by Brockhaus, of Leipsic. The French one is by Ilachettc, of Paris. The American one by Scribner, of New York, and the English one by Murray, of London. In the catalogued inventory of the various things found, as published by Brockhaus, the numbers run to between 700 and 800-a large find indeed, and a valuable one in many aspects. It affords sufficient furnishing for any museum not intended to fatigue visitors, as museums will too often do. The ordinary isitor will view these treasures with surprise, envy and kleptomaniac feelings. The travel- ler will notice that the ancient Greeks were like the rude Vikings, in thus having their earthly treasures buried with them. That people so dissimilar in everything should have had this custom in common is certainly curious. In a Johnsonian worded sentence it may he said, "Let those who would enrich the world and benefit it by discoveries take heed ere they make the attempt" They will bring upon them that trouble which Sir John Fal- stall tells of, the detraction which will not willingly allow of honour to any one Columbus had to endure it, and Sir Walter Kaleigh and Warren Hastings, and a score of other world-benefactors. This trouble falls upon Schliemann even now in this period of war, siege, and blockade. Troubles never come alone, and critics take this time, of all others, to decry these discoveries by the worthy explorer, and to say that he has deceived himself and is deceiving others. They say that he is assign- ing the ownership of the treasures to the wrong man—that they never belonged to Agamemnon, nor to any other one of that name. They won't say to whom else they could have belonged, but will have it that Schliemann cannot rightly identify them with the Conqueror of Troy, or even with his times. First in the onslaught is the learned American, who has lived here for long time and represents, as special correspondent, the leading journal of Europe. His arguments are produced in many issues of his paper, and are very learned and strong and long. Dr. Schliemann seems to have no chance in reply if he cannot produce one of the deceased's family or executors. Not even a claimant comes forward, however, nor anyone, asking for the property on the strength of a pedigree, and the dispute has no satisfactory end—the Schliemanns sticking to Agamemnon, and declining to go to arbitration. And these unearthed treasures may as well be assigned to Agamemnon as not. Cleo- patra's needle was never hers, nor was Pompey's pillar ever his. Half the things accredited to the ancients are as fabulous as the virtues accredited to the modern world on their monuments. A little matter of a thousand years is one of the questions in- volved in this dispute. A comical aspect is given to the controversy by the now-com- monly-debated question whether any Aga- memnon ever lived or died—whether Homer didn't invent him and the the siege of Troy also, and till the heavenly and earthly host mixed up with it. But now to other matters, pre- liminary to other scenes. Though we have surpassed Greece in literature, and Homer in Shakspeare, we have not distanced the Grecians in our national sports. In horse racing, cricketing, and all of our sports, the winners can not compare—in the honours won—with what were awarded to the victors in the Olympian games. We have no winner of anything who is brought back to the capital in such triumph, crowned and begarlanded with olive, received there with acclamations by the citizens, to hear the heralds proclaim his name, lineage, and exploits, to be fol- lowed by bearing the ode which poet Pindar, the laureate of O1ympia would make to the renown—to be further followed by the statues to be erected to his memory, by having the foremost seat given to him everywhere in public, and to being freely provided for by the state for the rest of a glorified and lazy life. The nearest approach made in modern times to this Greek way of doing honour is seen in the Londoners way of dealing annu- ally with the lord mayor. He is taken, in Olympian hero style, garlanded with a gold chain, from London to Westminster, and there produced before the judges. The herald, represented by the town clerk fashionably known as the recorder, then and there recites the name, lineage, and doings of this one of London's citizens who has, in one way or another, and seldom solely by merit, pushed himself to the front. He is then, and for twelve months to come, given the free run of the Mansion-house, the privi- lege of entertaining the Premier and any lion-like visitor to London, also the first seat on its magisterial board, and a monetary allowance for his one year of office. That is the whole of it, for after his term expires this first man of the modern citizens is as forgotten as is any American or French President, nor does any statue usually com- memorate him. It is hard indeed to be so situated as to go to a meeting of Parliament as a matter of amusement. There is no knowing, however, to what any of us may come. Lord Tomnoddy and Sir Carnaby Jenks came as low down as going to Old Bailey executions in their search for novelties. The momentous question of peace or war for Greece is to be decided by a special meet- ing of Parliament called for that purpose. I am advised that this modern representation of the open air assembly which of old met on Mars Hill will be worth visiting. Through the courtesy of a "special correspondent" a card of admission is obtained, and 1 find that there is no need to ask the way. I have but to follow the crowd adown the streets, on each side of which the soldiery are keeping guard. It is indeed a day " big with the fate of Cæsar and of Home," or rather of Greece, and seems to be so recognised generally. Courtesy is shown to me as a stranger and foreigner, and I am allowed to pass un- questioned through the soldier-guarded gates and the oflicially-kept doors by which the deputies are now making their way at 10 a.m. The council-chamber I find to be fashioned like a Greek theatre, judging of the shape by what was seen in that way. I had, I recalled, talked jestingly with my guide at the theatre of Bacchus as to the fit- ness of such a place for a Parliament-house, little thinking then that 1 should see the existing one of Athens, so similar in appear- ance save as to roofing. The ceiling is coffered, and its compart- ments decorated in gold and colours. Two fine marble columns of the Ionic order sup- port it. The first semicircular seat of the seven of like shape, which thence run up- wards, is now occupied by priests of the Greek church sitting on a cushioned bench and not on marble chairs, as did the priests of Bacchus before told of. From the back of the eleventh row of the members' seats a blank wall of 15ft in height separates them from those in the surrounding gallery. At the rear of the president's chair is a promenade space, and at the back of that is the wall supporting the ladies' gallery above. This gallery is well filled to-day with the beauty and fashion of Athens. Residents and visitors are alike represented in their number, and especially noticeable are some of the ever-travelling Americans. The priests now leave their seats and cover their black gowns with highly coloured silk mantles, in which maroon and green are (as colours) the most noticeable. A blue sash runs from the shoulder to the waist over these mantles, and is there tied in a knot, between the four priests who come to the table set for them by the side of the tribunes' stand appears a fifth, who is attired wholly in a golden-coloured mantle. The table is covered with a white cloth, and upon it is laid the crosier and a basin holding water. A solemn service of prayer now com- mences, the president first changing his red fezzi for a black cap, and the whole assembly standing. Previously to the prayer a "roll call" of the deputies takes place, the clerks at the table taking down the names of those present. The service of prayer lasts a quarter of an hour, the golden-robed ecclesiastic reading from no fewer than four splendidly-bound volumes, and his assistants joining in the responses. At the conclusion he dips a bouquet of green leaves in the basin or water, and with it walks out from the table, sprinkling with the watered leaves those treated in the front row of benches. This front row is divided midway by the main passage, running up facing the pre- sident's chair to all the ascending semi- circles of seats. The high priest now re- turns to the table and gives a short bene- diction, which concludes the service. The priests each hold long, red, lighted tapers, branching off into three heads at half-way-up the stema. When the service of prayer is over these tapers are extinguished, the coloured mantles are taken off, and the wearers resume their seats as before in their black gowns only and their ever-present black hats. The deputies also again cover their heads as they take their seats. The President on seating himself doffs the black cap and again dons his fezzi. In the front row of seats it is easy to identify the late Premier, Deliyannis, from the many portraits and caricatures seen of him, bat I have to ask for Tricoupis, his predecessor, to be pointed out to me as also Valvis, the one who has been called to the formation of the new Ministry. The latter looks aged and of feeble appearance, hardly the man for the occasion to which he has been called. He now mounts the tribune stand fronting the President, and, with his back to the "chair," reads the order of the day calling Parliament together, after which he resumes his seat. The President then announces that the election of a permanent president will now be proceeded with, and that strangers in the body of the House, of whom I am one, will have to withdraw. An ad- journment of half an hour takes place, and I now leave the House altogether, having thus seen the preliminary business of this most im- portant one of Greek parliaments, and wish- ing it well through in its most difficult labours. It is quite refreshing to get again into the streets, and away from parlia- ment and politics. The vote of the Assembly will likely be taken before the night is over, but whether or not it is known already how it will go, and that the peace party will be in the majority. The requisite orders will then issue for dis- arming the troops, and then, the necessary guarantees being given, the men-of-war will be withdrawn by their different Governments, and the blockade be raised. Of this, I may consider, I have seen both the beginning and the ending, and have had my time in Greece during one of the many momentous periods:es. It has collected of its wondrously momentous history. ........................................................ ONE British railway company-the Great Western- has taken means of proving that it is not responsible for the assaults upon women in carriages. It has collected and published a return of the the number of ladies' compartments provided, and the num- ber of persons by whom they were used. It is remarkable. During the period, under review 1000 seats in ladies' compart- ments contained as the maximum number of occupants at any one point on the journey 248 ladies. In other words, three seats out of four were empty when the carriages were at their fullest. In the same time the number of females in smoking compartments was 5,141, or more than 20 times as many. The deaths among the royal families of Europe were unusually few last year; the, only ones of note being those of the Princess Mary, sister of the King of Wurtemberg, of Prince Louis Berthier Napoleon, and of Prince John of Bourbon, father of Don Carlos; while among reigning or dethroned potentates outside Europe the only death was that of the ex-King of Oude. ................................................................... 