Caulderwood Educational Require ments. — Mr. Colls has received from the Department of Public Instruction, the following letter in answer to an aDDlication made by him for the establishment of a Provisional School at Caulderwood, near Jugiong : — Department of Public Instruction, 1 Sydney, 1 ith September, 1888. Sir,— With reference to the renewed application , dated August ultimo, for the establishment of a Provisional School at Caulderwood, near ' Jugiong, I am directed to acquaint you that in a 5 furthpr report upon the subject, the local inspec- 1 ti)r again states that the number of children of school age living within two miles ot the proposed site is' not sufficient to maintain the minimum- i average attendance required for a Provisional < School. 1 The Minister of Public Instruction is unable ; therefore to accede to the application. With the view, however, of providing for the educa tional wants ot the place, he is willing to appoint a teacher to be paid at house to house rates, on condition that the residents provide and furnish a suitable room for teaching purposes, at their own expense. . 1 am to add that should the required minimum average attendance of 12 pupils be maintained for six'months, the question of converting the school into a Provisional one will be considered. — I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant, G. Miller, for the Under-secretary. Thomas Colls, Esq , M.P., Legislative Assembly Chambers. Duff's and Ellison's Creeks. — Notwith standing Mr. Colls has used his best endea vours to have a culvert erected at Duff's and Ellison's Creeks, near Taemas bridge, and although the amount was voted, the work can- not yet be proceeded with, for the reason a assigned in the following letter which Mr. t Colls has received from Mr. Bennett v Office of Commissioner for roads, . Sydney, 7th September, 1888. , Sir, — With reference to your letter of the 4th ' instant, alluding to a petition presented by you - from the inhabitants of the Murrumbidgee, j asking for a culvert to be placed over Duff's and 1 Ellison's creek. I have the honor to inform ynu that though the amount for the culvert was noted on the/list, the funds were insufficient to meet all the demands. I have the honor to be, sir. vou'r. obedient servant. William C. BENNErr, engineer ana commissioner ior roaus. Thomas Colls, Esq., M.P. Albury Villa, Yass. The Bowning-Burrowa Railway.— In reply to a request made by the deputation which recently waited on the Minister for Works, as to a trial survey being made be tween Bowning and Burrowa, Mr. T. Colls has I received from the Secretary of Railways, the j following letter : — i Department of Railways, Sydney, September 7, 1888. SIR, — With reference to the deputation which recently waited upon Mr. Secretary Sutherland, asking that a trial survey should be made of a line of railway between Bowning and Burrowa, I am desired by the Commissioner to inform youjthat Mr. Sutherland-has approved of the survey being made. I have the honor to be, sir. vour obedient servant ! D. Vernon. , Secretary for Railways. Thomas Colls, Esq., M.P., Riverina Club, Sydney. : The Binalong Common. — Mr. F. Shawel- ; hood has been duly elected a Trustee of the 1 Binalong Common, to hold office till the next : General Election of trustees of commons, to be held in January next, vice Rumble, resigned. Auctioneers' License. — At the Gundagai police court on rriaay, nir. nrgyie iviccauum of Yass, was granted a special auctioneers' license for the district of Gundagai. Masonic. — The installation of his Excel lency Lord Carrington (says the S. M. Herald J as grand Master-of the United Masonic Grand Lodge of New South Wales takes place in the Exhibition building, Prince Alfred Park, on Tuesday next, and the ceremony promises to be one of the most magnificent pageants ever seen in the colony. No time, trouble or ex pense has been spared by the brethren of the numerous sub-committees who have taken charge of the different branches of the under taking, and who have employed the best skilled artists to assist them in carrying out the most minute details of the plan as . laid down by the ceremonial committee. The building is being beautifully decorated with suitable emblems and . Masonic devices. The musical portion of. the eeremony, much of which had been composed for the occasion, is under the management of Messrs. Gehde, Allprcss, and Liggins, assisted by a choir of 100 trained voices from the Leidertafel socie ties. The organ to be used on the occasion has been lent by the Hon. R. H. D. White( and is one which that gentleman went to Lon. don to personally superintend the construction of, and which has never been played on in public before. At the close of the installation ceremony the brethren will repair to the Elite Skating Rink, which is close by, where hii Excellency and the numerous distinguished guesis irotn uic uiucr uiuuies wug uicuuiuing over to take part in the ceremony will be entertained at a banquet. Unfortunately, no place in Sydney could be procured to accom modate all that would wish to be present. Covers will be laid for 1000, and already tickets have been issued for nearly that num ber. Parliament. — Parliament has again been prorogued till the 23rd of October, on which day it will meet for the despatch of business. \- Road to Kiandra.- Tenders are invited to be sent in to the President of the Tender Board, Sydney, on or bsfore the 26th instant, for the erection of bridges Nos. 1 and 2, over Tumut River, road Tumut to Kiandra. Overdue Rents. — Rents on the under mentioned leases have become overdue ; and unless the same, with a fine of 10 per cent., in addition thereto, be paid to the Colonial Treisurer by the 12th of October next, steps wi'l be taken to declare the leases forfeited : — John Oxley, Gunning Flat, Burrowa, 120 1 acres ; Alexander Blundwell, Queanbeyan, 150 acres; John Cody, Weejasper, Yass, 120 acres ; Hugh Vallance, Bondabla, Yass, 960 acres. University Examinations.— These ex- ; animations, which commenced in the girls' 1 room at the Public School on yesterday week, were brought to a close on Friday last. . The Wolsely Sheep Shearing Machine. —It is now stated as a certainty that the famous YVolsely Sheep Shearing Machine will be 011 yiew and will be worked on the Show ground at the Yass Show on Thursday next. Bijou Minstrels. —Bent and Moynham's Bijou Minstrel Troupe, which have up to the present had a most successful tour through the colony, will give one of their interesting and brimful of novelty entertainments in the hall of the Mechanics' Institute to-morrow evening, the 19th instant. Among the artistes forming this talented company are Miss Rose Melville, the charming cantatrice ; Miss Burnice Mowbray, specialist, vocalist, and burlesque actress ; Miss Kate Carey, the un paralleled balladist ; Miss Coral Grey, dancer and specialist; Mrs. W. Horace Bent, and Messrs. H. Clay, A. E. Robinson, R. Crowe, Harry Carroll, Horace Bent and Alf Moyn- ham. Wherever these talented minstrels have appeared the press have praised them in the highest terms, and that ought to be a sufficient guarantee of their genuineness. Accident. — On Sunday afternoon Mr. iviiuam rauiaer, leuxuer ui cne puuuu auuuui it Nanima, met with a painful accident which will prevent him from attending to hit duties (or several days. He had been on a visit to his mother at Presegwene, which place he left for Nanima on horseback 011 Sunday after noon ; and, when he got through the Belle- vale estate on to the main southern road, his horse fell with him near McGrath's old public- house and threw him on to the metalled road. Mr. Faulder, besides receiving some injuries to his knees became insensible from the effects of the fall and remained lying on the road until he was picked up by Mr. Timothy Cusack, who brought him home to his mother's on Sunday night. The injuries received by Mr. Faulder were of so serious a nature that Dr. Thane had to be called out to attend him ; and, although no hones were broken, the doctor would not allow him to remove from the place, and he has given him a medical certificate to the effect that he will be unable to attend to tha duties of his school for several days.- Mining in Burrowa. — Some few weeks go Mr. D. Cavanagh, of near Frogmore, sent < 0 the Government assayist certain quartz ' rhich he had found about 12 miles from ; frogmore. The result of the assay has been , lighly satisfactory, as the following will show : , —Silver, 76 oz. 8 dwts. 16 grs. to the ton; i gold, 18 oz. 15 dwts. 14 grs. to the lon. Mr. 1 Cavanagh intends working the spot, and ex- | pects to be well repaid for his trouble. — - Burrowa limes. Free Trade Bills Unpaid. — An un pleasant affair. occurred at the Bellevue Hotel, Redfern, on Thursday last (says the Evening News), when a number of people called up with their accounts in connection with the last election, only to find that " the ghost didn't walk." All the bills are on the file. The affair was doubtless the result of a blunder on somebody's part, but the Freetraders cannot allow the matter to rest. It will not do for the cause of freetrade to suffer in the same way that the protectionist cause has suffered in South Sydney. We think if a strict audit were made it would be found that a good number of country constituencies could com plain of Freetrade electioneering bills not being paid. Sir Henry Parkes. — It is currently re ported that under the will ot the late Mr. Flood, M.L.C., Sir Henry Parkes is left £2000 a year for the rest of bis life. However much people may differ with Sir Henry Parkes as a politician, everyone of all shades of opinion will be pleased if the rumour proves correct. Result of Smuggling. — Five men were convicted of smuggling on August S in Lon don! They had imported brandy in canisters, which contained a cone filled with olive oil in which the Customs officers would put the testing rod Each defendant was fined £1028 Travelling Stock in thf. North. — The Dithbo Dispatch of Friday states that the eastern bank.of the Macquarie river at Dubbo is lined with travelling cattle from Queensland, and during the past six weeks over 40,000 head have passed between Dubbo and ,Marthaguy Creek, all having some mythical distinction between Albury and Ballarat. The English Turf. — There are 250 entries for the Eclipse Stakes of 1891. The Hon. James White, of Sydney, has entered two colts by Chester, the well-known Australian stallion. The same are also entered for the Derby and Grand Prix of 1890. Z400 Damages. — In the libel action, W- Price, storekeeper, of Queanbeyan, v. John Allan O'Neill, proprietor of the Queanbeyan Times, tried before Mr Justice Stephen in the Supreme Court, Sydney, on Thursday last, the jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff for £400 damages. Mr. Rogers, Q.C., and Mr. H. E. Cohen appeared for the plaintiff, Mr. R. Colonna- Close, instructed by Mr. J. M. Curtis, appeared for the defendant. Death of an Eminent Astronomer.— Mr. Richard Anthony Proctor, the eminent astronomer, died last week- in New York, from yellow lever. In 1879 Mr. Proctor left England for America and Australasia, and during his tour he lectured in all the principal towns of Victoria, New South Wales, South Australia, Tasmania, and New Zealand. , The Late Daniel Henry Deniehy. — The . remains of the late Mr. Daniel Henry Deniehj 1 arrived in Sydney at 6 o'clock on Saturdaj I morning under the charge of Mr. P. Bourke \fr Hanlpl OTYinnnr M T. A wnc af railway station to receive them, having waited from an early hour for the purpose. With regard to the identity oj the remains, an old resident of Bathurst, Mr. Fitzpatrick, who was present at the funeral 23 years ago, has stated that when the grave was dug for the reception of Mr. Deniehy's body, some human bones were brought to the surface ; and when the coffiin, containing Mr. Deniehy's remains, was lowered into the grave, these bone; were placed on the top, and the grave then filled in. Mr. Fitzpatrick declared that over the coffin these bones would be found, and pointed out the spot. The bones were found, as stated, and the coffin in a high state of preservation. It was evident that very little public interest had been manifested in the re- interment of the body, from the fact that only a small number of people assembled at the station to accom pany the remains to their last resting- place. Among those present were: — The Hon. John Sutherland, Mr. Sidney Burdekin, Mr. Daniel O'Connor, and Mr. George Withers, MsL.A. The funeral cortege, which consisted of seven mourning coaches, one carriage, and- three cabs, left the railway station about half- past two o'clock, and proceeded by way of George<street, Liverpool-street, Oxford-street, Old South Head Road, and Waverley-road to the Waverley Cemetery. The burial ground was reached about 4 o'clock, when it was seen that the grave in which the bones of the de parted were to he deposited, was in'almost the highest part of the cemetery — a beautiful little mound overlooking the sea. The funeral rites were performed by the Very Rev. Father Kennedy, assisted by two priests ot the Franciscan Order. After the grave was filled in Mr Daniel O'Connor, M.L.A., addressed the assemblage of about 100 persons who had witnessed the proceedings, and said that in the very near future a suitable memorial would be erected over the man whom they had just interred in the ground. One of the ablest and purest men that ever adorned public life was Daniel Henry Deniehy. He (Mr. O'Connor) had the pleasure of being in troduced to the deceased about 28 years ago, and from his acquaintance learned to love him for his great power and genius and nobility of character. He was especially indebted to Mr. Sidney Burdekin for his assistance in removing ( the remains of this great political Csesar. He would venture to say that people of all nations of all creeds, would rejoice in their action, ior amongsi cne greaccsi men cney nau Known was Daniel Henry Deniehy. The speaker concluded by expressing his thanks to the officiating clergy. — S. M. Herald. Pianos. — Mr. George Harris, the well- known pianoforte tuner, is still in town, and may be consulted for several days yet at the Rnvnl Hnlpl 