A BOHEMIAN'S NOTES' A Bohemian's notes I Well, ye?, thcro are cnoughof them to All many columns— promissory note, note of hand, nml all fchosn other in pontons forms fur the cvnsiou of payment witn wtituti the chthlren of Israel nro familiar. Accept his notes when he tenders thctn, but as you hopo for a crown of peace hereafter, don't worry him for gold or piker. Of these mctal3 ho is ns barren as a silver uiine. Fate hns dealt somewhat unkindly with the Yankee of late. Wo all know how keen pcoplo from tlio States nro upon any now idea in advertising, and ou Mjnday Usb a theatrical agent in the Oity thought ho had discovered something on. lirely now in sending in the name of his wifo's particular pltmpui his wifo's sweet particular name as one of the nominations for tha Mul- hourno Oup. Ho paid his fivo guineas cntrnnco fee, and went to llcnrun knows what trouble aud expense in getting that particular entry placed at the top of tho V.R.C. list, tho plnco whero it wan of most value for his purpose. For so singularly clover an advertisement the daily palters were won dorfuliy unanimous in seeing through it, nn tho name of tho Jady and her " gco-ge " ap pears hi none of their lists. Mr John It. Rogers, with that kittenish child Minmo Fat- mor conceived a similarly brilliant plan on last April Fuels day, only it was not clover enough to fool any ono— that is, nut mora than jieoplc were being fooled m going to tho. Bijou with tho expectation of seeing nn actress. Ono . hears of those Yau- bees aud their feeble attempts at quack advertising. Bob Brough and that little Englishwoman,' Miss Fanny Robinn would drive half their one part stars to starvation if playing against them. Xwilt admit, however, that it was unkind of that soulless Ar>/us critic to say on Monday, that Min? Swain's tank act was only, the replica of nn idea now being carried into.ofTcct m America by an Australian girl. .When as a boy I Rtote ohexnui it was generally Agreed that with sumo ostintancc in chewhig tlicui they wero not bad. 'Phis help lias no doubt been Hinco supplied by a machine which is becoming more precocious every day. Tho inventor of the penny weigher— an excellent machine, surf, when mistaken for my grandfather's clod., of happy memory— has patented an automatic drink dispenser. Plenty of .men aro nlrnost automatic as drink receivers, but a dispenser is u novelty. When empty it hung out signal, just as men do when full. Aud It Is a moral and law-abiding machine, for it ditq>oiise8 only temju-ranco drinks on Sundays. It responds to an encuro with charming readiness, hut it w hp automatic in its sagacity that it cannot bo persuaded to accept tlm tiu tag from a tobacco plug as payment for a threepenny beer. But there is one sad draw back. It threatens to disperse altogether with that goddess of tho bar in fluffy yellow Imir, and chest uf cotton wool, who uheds tho radi ancc of Iter smiles nliko upon the halt aud the blind, handsome and plain, tall and short, young and old, Bant) and otherwise. Accord ing to tho prospectus, the machines will bu sot up in places tviicm drinks cannot now bo ob tained. I can namo a few hotels where they will Mipply " a long felt wnnU" The elevation of the loyalist follows closely upon tho downfall of the republican, and al together its a " prood day" for Clan Ohattau. It may bo nn omen of import loo, for. those rebellions Australian natives who aspiro to be tho architects of a nation. Strange, indeed, how coming events do cast their shadows be fore. Only tho other day, when Sir James was but the honorable by courtesy, wa heard him declare at eomo sueini function in tho Queen's Hr.li " too and his JIunor nro tho two most loyal men in tho community," Tho idea was not very happily conveyed, but it was excessively Scotch. Then critical people thought . thu speaker somewhat presumptuous, but timo hns shown that tho iwrsonat pronmm was in its proper place after alt How assertlvo the race are. Not long since wo had the spectacle of nnother Scat, tho one who ran a good second for the Legislative Council presidency —stepping forward just in time to intercept the knighthood that was about todescend upon no less ii personage than the Warwick'' of these Exhibition intrigues. Again, there is that particular Cabinet Minister who names every thing in any way associated with water— from a cataract to a spoon-dredge — alter himself. Indeed, we may soon expect to see the old Scotch motto rendered "Nimmo inca-impuno luccssit." llnnk has its responsibilities nqimlly with its triumphs. Tho Governor of Victoria, though a temperate man, has now several blends of whisky named after Uiiu, and ono can walk down scarcely a street in Sydney, without meeting the sign of the Carrington Arms. la thero not souioUiuig of false pretcnco in appro priating. the credit of a namo for a hotel which may he but second rate or n spirit possibly many degrees ovcrproof with thu headache.- of repentance. If thuy would not namo these thine after our. politicians and got the posses sors to give a testimonial as to their merits it would carry sonic practical weight, As wo listened to the continuous, " Hear, hear, hie," from that honorable member on the right, who applauds every speech in the bono that those present may think ho Is sober enough to understand it, then shall we kuow that n new blend of whishy lias been born into tho world. Sumo uf tho critical notice object to the beard worn by diaries Warner as Hamlet, and term it a German idea. The point is a small ono perhaps, but tho dlalogno throws soino light upon It. Whero Ilamlct repioaohes him self with being too tardy in revenging ln« bis father's murder, ho is mndo to use tho word?, " Pluck out ray . beard and blow lb in my face;" It is curious, too, that whllo in -the soliloquy upon suicide in the third act, Hamlet speaks of "that undiscovered country, from whose bourne known no traveller returns..' The cen tra! incident of the play is a ghost scene. When at tho first presentation oFHrvnilefc I saw, some half- doj.cn members of tho Melbourne Shakcsperiaa Society, woro all talcing notes. I could hnrdly help praying, "Heaven help Shakespeare and Charles Warner, not forget ting those also who, during tho next month may bo so unfortunate as to converse with members of tlio Shakespeare Society." A tall man in a calf skin waistcoat, strapped pants, a red scarf caught in a quandong, and Bathhurat burrs in his board, went up to tho ofRco of n morning paper latoly, and askod for tho odltor. Now it was about tlio hour of noon when editors of morning papor stand at the top of tlio stairs and yell to tho servant to bring up that soda and milk ; bat tho day sub-editor was in, and did tlio honor. The man of rural aspect wanted to write somo leaders, aud when questioned as to experience said lie had written soiuo letters to tho "Paikakuriki Star," and they were always put in. The sub-editor ex plained that the leadcr- writingstafT was pretty full just then— meaning, of course, no reflection on their sobriety', but simply that ab Parlia ment was prorogued, Ministers wero not par- , ticulnrly busy. The young mnn from tho country as he left socmed to think that, oven for his own justification, some apology was re quired, for ho rouiarlcod, 14 Jiang it all, you know I must do something until shear ing." I walkod through tho Victorian Artists' Exhibition tho other wcok and was surprised to find how completely tho Uro&vanor; Gallery has dominated everything. Surely art in Mel bourne holds an iudefinlto position if it may be swayed thus by a clianco exhibition of tlio pictures of a particular school. Thank heaven, in prcscuco of tho art of tho world, an our Centennial show this crazo will soon die out. A feature in tho collection in tho huinbor and variety of sunsot effects, ono or two ot which sooin to lmvo boon studied at noon-day through a bit of colored glass. There aro no dawns, fiossibly bcoauso tho only opportunities Melbourne artist havo of studying suoh phenomena, is when going hotne from a smoke night, and you know how very uncertain impressions nro at that hour of the morning. Speaking of "Dawn," reminds mo that it Is to bo tho title of tho new woman's paper, and a most appropriate titlo too. When is a woman more supreme or impressive than at that magio hour, as sho delivers tho customary lcoturetto to tho innn who lias lumbered tortuously homo from tho club dinner, with chnmpnguo splashes upon tho whits wnmtcoat of his blame- loss llfo, and tho flash of tho coming' Runrl6e radiant In his faco. Who know tho truth of it better than thoso who have stood boforo a clergyman, and heard tho sontoncc of domes ticity tor lifo. Ah yes, 44 Dawn " will dow Having written sotno Australian poems .in which men wero tortured through being com pelled to stfi round a Ohristmas fire (nob a bush fire) in Queensland, anil mado a collodion of Australian poetry from which all tho best poets wore absent, Mr Douglas 1). Sladon is sicken ing for something more. A brutal critic in tho country writes Douglas B Sladon, he Can't write poetry Worth a A \ And realising the truth of tho 'Couplet .Mr Bladen has forsworn song, and turnod to slang. For tho now slang dlotkmary ho Is to compile thoflrsb "oollootton of Australian bush . slang, I : bog, to submit1 -ma- contribution the- following board -at tbo lasb Oral 'field Races Q. j. Ow aro you doin ? A.: Bluc'd mo good grocd. At first I thought it was Volapuk, but Dr Mullen declares this to lio n highly moral language, and even if one's shirt button were tu come off when dressing to catch tho train ho can mako no appropriate remarks upon tlio subject In Volapuk. I'tyaro says that when her Majesty tho Queen travels she takes with her in addition to a quantity of furniture, two portraits of tho Prince Consort and a >ct companion in tho slrapo of a grey donkey. I had often wondered who was thu editor of the Court Circular. No doubt this announcement hns something to do with so many Australian literary men going homo just now. Has not tho consideration of com mon gratitwlo boon rather considerably overlooKncl in tho discussion upon Separation, ourely Mr Jack Archibald has turned the heads of our Australian natives with his littlo anec- dotes of thu Queen's thrift. What if her Majesty docs prefer to give a copy of her work and nn autograph rather than a donation of a hundred pounds ! It is a weakness common to literary people. Thero is scarcely an author of my ncquamtanco who would not rather give you his book mid as many autograph n you ran carry than draw a cheque for a hundred. And, after nil, tho Queen is not Brit tin, nor thu I'rinca of Wales nor the Primo Minister any mure than tho straw-whiskered word chopping invertebrate who l«mr.go? round t»m world in right clcthw U a type of Itathili tnuulm'w. Can wo not reverence I lit- >;ptei»tid island sport which has undo sw!i stir in lis.j world, tuid yet remain Australian"; Must wo foulthu nest ore wo have quite left ? Having nlluwutt the struggling poor of Britain to pay for our protection »vs >v-t itnn'niu Iff mole after ourselves, shall wo decline furl her protection without even tlio customary thank you." To tho«u who ay yes to this query I WDiild commend Amten's itou in " As Yun Like It." # There havo been vague rumors uf a Chinrfu invasion in thu spirit of the revanche, but it is hard to take thu saffron skinned onu. Heriuuly as a ltehlmcr ;r.r»Ti. Tiiu 1> rOncii iiad iaU»T a funny experience with thorn in time recent bombardment. An eye-witiicos of thu affair tell.- mo that one of lha first shots fired struck, perhaps, thu strongest vessel in tlio Chinesu fleet. It hardly damaged tlio ship, but played tho deuce with the nervous systems of tho crew. Tho captain ordered hi gig down and pulled ashore, am the sailors— with out fooling away valuable timo in formalities — jumped overboard and swam to land. Tho only member of tho crew. .who showed any- thill" Jlku SnIf'113S3Miion — pcifi."??, in." iluiiil. n triflo mora— wu onu wlio linltotl half way to land to gj through tho pockets 'of a, floating e-iuntvymau. No, John is hard to beat in thu cabinot-makiug tr.uie, or tlio green grocery line, but he is tlio hwt possibility jn tho way of a soldier. Talking upon this subject tha other day, someone re marked, " Just imagine Colouci Torn Prico on that big chesnut of his amongst a score of tluuii," But one can't imagine it— not, ntall events, until tho chc&nut; is ablo to gallop faster, or Chinese nro Jims deliberate in getting away from danger. B'jiuc City CuunciHur are anxious to get rid of tho barrow-man under tho „ tr.ovu on " clause. Now, tho barrow- man in tho street is thu sign of nu over- supplied wholosaio market, and almost the only indication of it tho cousumer over gets. Without him tlio prices of such things ns fruit, game, and fish would remain as they r.ro in most of thu city shops, notoriously arti ficial, YtJl- Ui this climate a fifth and fruit diet is recommended. Co-oporntion is, poriiapa, tliftfotnedy, bub id is notalwaya a suacois. Ywars ago they CO operated in tho Murray Valley fur the purposo of wino-makiug, and estabhalivd a district press anil collars. The risliy time with a vintage is just when tho grapes are ripe, as rain may : burst tlio berries. One vigitoron thought it a good idea to taka time very slightly by tho forelock. His few tons, you kuow, couldn't sjwil tho bulk. Unfortunately, the same idea occurred tj all tho others, aud when the company had racked off that vintneo they found themselves f>os.eacd of thovisnud-i of 'galhmsof excellent vinegar, but not eunuch wine to drink confusion to each other. Indeed, tho tonst hnrdly inquired expression. Their co-oporntion buguu aud ended with that ox- pnrlmcnt. The artful who is not absolutely guileless in tlio matter of building sltna was one of tho party, and at a loss fur a subjact likely to interoit the Professor. At Inst, in pcssimistio strain, lie ventured tlio remark, "The land is dropping gradually nsaiu out our way." It brought tho Frotusnor to mental attention with quito unusual speed. 41 Iudoed," ho said, "and yob I havo observed no volcanic trace?. Tho subsidence is probably nttributabe to tho col- lapso of somo internal cartli chambtr, onco a imgo volcanic cauldron. Tho Itoyal Society havo had no iutiniation of earth tremor." But tho artful had given him up, and was ub-' sorhud in thu points of alomoiuuid white fux1 terrier. The samo dog, by-tlie-bye, is adver tised ttiU week ns missing. Important to these who do believe in the efficiency of prayer. At my lodgings wo lmvo inoof of it almost every day. There aro only two religious people in tho house, both old and slow, and when at breakfast they boml their heads over a lengthy grace. Tho rest of us, who bt'giu tho scramble at once, are able to gec considerably mora tliau our sharo of tho toast. Tho same old cmiplogoto church mid retail stray scraps of eormon at meals. Thu, ns ic wero, awholo homo is kept in touch with modem religious thought aud progress. Thco devotional snacks aru very ottcu more plea sant titan tho full spiritual meal. Thero was ono end man in Melbourne— out side tho conthigmit of English tourists— when tho Australians woro "knocking out" tlio counties recently with an innings to spare, Ho travelled homo with tho uiD.it successful of Australian Elevens,, and wax known to tho ' boys aud pretty, well nil over England as 44 Dad." Ho was loyal to tho colonies, and backed tbo Australians for uvory match ; yet, though they lost only an Insignificant minority ho lost money. Then It transpired that Dad's confidence in his boys wosao great that he had naarly always - backod them to win in ono innings. Can it bo wondered, then, that thero was some onu lately who. longed for the wings of an express cablegram— and IiIh revenge. And on tlio subject of cricket, how tho " grand old man" of tho oricket field— Grace, tho wondertul— outlasted thorn alt, Can any ono liolp admiring this splendid specimen of tlio physical Anglo-Saxon,' oven if wo in Australia have had a grudge against film somo time?, because in trying very hard to bent us his ardor carried 1dm slightly beyond tho bounds of courtesy ? Would It nob be a graceful thing (no pun), coming from Austra lian?, aud sulvo to a groat many old soro, f soiuo of the lovers of the gamo who cau afford it wero to subscribe quietly for a suitabio trophy, in Australian gold, and send it home, inscribed " To the cricketer for »I1 time." I&tfi; glad indeed that wo ore to hnvomoroof Jim, tho Penman. It would be a reflection upon Melbourne culturo did wo rest satisfied with a wcok of it, lb stauds out distinctly amongst tho modems, and by somo psychologi cal attribute takes possession uf ouu like Wilkio Collins' Moonstone. It tuny bo hoped that during its progress no conversaziones will bo held in tho dress circle. Theatrical |>eoplo owe Tits IIcRald their thanks for hnving pilloried those offenders agniusb common decoucy.A party over which n military officor presides aro at present tho premier nuisance.' Some night a disgusted audionco will take tho matter into their own hands, and a flock of magpies be hissed out of the theatre. I nm a student uf art in shop windows, and have always been impressed with the fact that tliOBO workers who lavish good tastu ou thu do coration of a window are ecarcoly accorded tlio credit .they deserve. Take those flower shops in Swans ton street, fur example). They nro a porpotual flower show— a material something added to tho sweetness and light of Uiu city. AH that is rarest and fuirest in tho garden scorned to bo gathered in heru. Ono day a pond of water lilies in miniature, with bnuks of deep, green moss ; next, a haudfnl of cream roses, then a long spray of buds, splashed with dow, as though they bad been gathered in tho groy of . tlio autuifln morning. Timo aiid lirao again I havo paid for flower shows that wero fur less beautiful. Again, in Bmirko Ktroot there is a window of furs, a littlo Arctic Court in thu exhibition of tho street, with a touch of realism given in a silver fox or. n badger crouching amongst tho glossy vestniruts of its dead companions. Yet I dare sny then protty sights aro calculated . to inako womon cnvicus and miserable, even, if they causo phitosopbio man to wonder why on earth it should bo nocauary to hold C(-r.t?nmal Exhibitions. . . . "Then, you do love me, Evnlinof he rald. ." I do," sho murmured. "And shall I speak to your pa!" ho asked. "No," sho replied, " speak t'o ma ; pa isn't of any account in this famdv," ' "Dear me," said a shrewish mamma, hvheta can that bay havo got his temper from? Nob from me, I'm spre,"' 44 No, indeed, my dear,", replied hor patient husband. "I can't perceive that you've lost any of yours." . "What' fs tbo leading branch In your ,eohool /" asked a lady of a Jeaohcr, ' Before 'tho teaoher could vouchsafe a roply a little boy ittterruptad tho o-mveraatiou with— "I know fV ' . And what is It, little boy V aslrod ' tho lodf . 4lTbat awitoh in the ecvoer, ma'au." 1 