SOCIAL GOSSIP. SOCIAL GOSSIP PROM HOME. (FfiOM a London Pobbespondsnz.) LONDON, Jan. 27. The most curious phenomenon of the day is the gigantic revival of boxing. The world in general first became aware of it upon the arrival of J. L. Sullivan in England. It re ceived an immense impetuB from the meeting between him and the Prince of Wales, of which a mendacious and characteristic ac count was republished here from the Chicago Tribune. I was talking the other night to an ex-president of the " Amateur Boxing Association," a man who has sacri ficed everything in the world, including his personal beauty, to the noble art of self defence. I asked him why he did not go to the Bparring at the Pelican Club on Sunday nights. He said, " Well, when Sunday comes round I'm glad to have a respite from boxing, and do something else. We members of the Amateur Boxing Association are bound to go and 'judge sparring' whenever required to do so in any part of London or the suburbs. Formerly, my turn came about once a fort night, but since the Sullivan-Wales inter view I have to go three, four, and five nights a week, and sit tor hours in a reeking publichouse drinking poisonous brandy. We calculate that on Saturday nights there are 1,500 men engaged in public sparring in and around London, at nearly 600 'centres' — implying audiences of perhaps 100,000;people." He went on to tell me that as yet there was no more "knuckle fighting" than before the revival—the only reason for its not increasing being the dis inclination of the prominent men to take their chance of blood and bruises; but there was a growing thirst for such fighting among the spectators, and as soon as some of the more talented novices had made a sufficient name, he thought that there would be a recurdescence o£ regular prize fighting, which the police would find them selves unable to repress, for the boxing world, dike all other sections of society, is taking note of and learning to relish what are called "Irish methods"—that is, methods of doing what one pleases in spite of law and its salaried guardians. They say that we are becoming an effeminate race; but an effemi nate race often enjoys being brutal by deputy. One thing ia certain, that the devotees of the ring will not long tolerate the men at the head of the catling, whose disinclination to the nse of the knuckles, and obvious anxiety to subordinate everything to gate-money and " testimonials," is becoming almost farcical. The recent prize fight hear Rouen is held to have been a " barney," and the way in which Sullivan is raising difficulties in committing himself to a real fight for the championship is rapidly alienating public feeling from him. Hitherto, for a few men in the front rank, the profession of prize-fighter, albeit they scarcely ever had fought, has'been a profitable one. Hr. " Pony" Moore, the wealthy head of the Moore and Bnrgess' Minstrels, who is very particular what husbands his daughters marry, even condescended to give one of them in marriage to a pugilist named MitohelL Mr. Henry Labouchere has been very near giving up the ghost owing to an attack of "poor man's gout," which nearly touched his heart. The result is one for which all the world wonld have been sorry, irrespective of political or other sympathies. His wit, it is true, is a little oat 'ot the fashion. Like Gilbert's, it is too mocking and " denigrat ing" for the mood of to-day. Still, bis stories are told with a piquancy and finish which other raconteurs cannot quite equal. A characteristic story ot his, which is redeemed from jarring on modern taste only by the way it ia told, relates to his own unique appearance in the field of Christian missions. Being on one occasion somewhere in the Holy Land in a diplomatic capacity, be invited, a neighbouring missionary of some London society to dinner, and by way of making conversation asked him, "How's business? The missionary answered de jectedly that it was bad. He was paid by resalts, and literally the recent results had not been enough to give him food to eat—a statement which Mr. Labonchere was in clined to believe from the manner in which he was bolting cartloads of food. " I pitied the fellow,"says Mr- Laboacheie, "andnext day 1 asked my dragoman whether there was no way in which these heathen could be in duced to embrace Christianity." " Certainly there is a way,' sir," answered the dragoman. " What is that?" a "A bottle of brandy among four." "I bought all thekbca$dy in the place, abont one hundred bojtties,* continues Mr. Labouchere, "and parad&L.ss; many of the natives as I had brandy for, dividing them into messes of fonr, and then bade them choose between the faith'of their fathers and the brandy. ' In the afternoon my friend the missionary performed four hundred baptisms. I thought no more of the affair for aome years, when one day I met my friend the missionary—not the dragoman—in a shovel hat, gaiters, and an apron. He had evi dently dined weU every day since the day of those baptisms, . Hfe/toldipe tb^y hafl made him a bishop as am ward fprhis success. I forget which .was ais dioqeab" Ma Imbouchece's' gout £s due not to the excesses yrhuffiordinarUy bong on gout, but to want of nourishment, coupled with un ceasing exertions, inclncUpg long railway journeys, undertaken'almoejLdaiiy, followed by exhausting oratory.:jl3k . suffers, like other geniuses, hourly tortures from dys pepsia, never tastes unpeg and resorts for relief to every weU-admtised quack mess, warranted to sustain nature without the in con yenienceii of the digeitiye process .When he was starling forlrelafid last autumn* Miss Forteacue said ,to mm, " tabby, if Mr. Bglfour nuts yon In, affiJ/ what shall you dof' "f shall enter the Infirmary," was the nphere bgs'vhpen only pulled through his iUaesa^y Jbhe untiring exertions of the sensational pbysiqiaoof the hour. Dr. Robecm Roose, who "tuns completes the poliucal circle.pf hjg omenta. . Professing hitngelf n "pplitical fcgnpatim" he makes it btamnb^ioajta get Into jhjs care the health of eyeiy, TOlititi«or«a\day,* Sir Andrew m-i?i ® jealo'usly^guj^ the health of Mr. Glactotone—as a, weary Tow observed, "it sa raoe qf Clarkeugainet the Constitu tipa .—hat epatt /rptpvlhp G,p.M., Dr. rominentatstesnaanViieallh. His rise hps modern { prac now ;ht genfer ., mpW; The other doctors hate him so macb that1 there is no crime which they do not attri bute to him; bnt the1 acclamations of the fashionable world carry him forward shoulder high on the path of triumph. His success has all arisen through being accidentally introduced to relieve Edmund Yates of some passing ailment 1 The event of the hour in the ecclesiastical world is the unveiling of a vast and costly reredos of the renaissance style in St. Paul's Cathedral. Provided by the munificence of Mr. H. BL Gibbs and other wealthy Anglicans, it has, on being unveiled, surpassed all ex pectations, not only in its wealth of material and design, but in the audaciously " catholic" character of its sculpture, including not only a nativity, crucifixion, entombment, and resurrection, but three or four prominent single figures of her whom the Church Times calls the "B.V.M." The question is, What will the Low Church party do? and this branches out into the subsidiary question, What will Mr. Percy Freund do? Mr. Percy Freund being a fervid physician, converted from Judaism to Evangelicism, who has made it his business to get himself locked up time after time by disturbing the services at St. Paul's, by way of protect against the growing ornateness of the services under Dean Church and Canons Liddon and Gregory. He is, however, only one of a number of objectors to the new rigime, who give men a less decided indication of their discontent. The reredos was "inaugurated" by a solemn and crowded choral service on Wednesday, its varied marbles of porphyry colour, ana white, and ivory, and " rosso-antico, and " verte de tines," being lit up at the critical moment by a glorious and lasting burst of sunlight The reredos, the design of which is chiefly the work of Mr. Gamer, of the firm of Bodley and Garner, may be fairly said to double the beauty of the cathedral in its interior: The venerable Sir Robert Carden, the father of the city corporation, has died this week. He was a man greatly devoted to charity and religious works—a fact of which those who knew him chiefly as the most per sistent of public " banqueteers," probably little dreamed of. By profession he was a stockbroker, in a not very large way of business. His wealth, Which was consider able, was chiefly dne to his possessing a share of the gross profits of toe third colnmn of advertisements in The Times newspaper. He was a grandson of "John Walter L," who founded The Times, and toe column of advertisements was bestowed on his mother, at the wedding breakfast, by her father in a convivial and melting moment The column was divided between her three sons at her death, and one of them, George, an eccentric and a miser, never touched his share during a long bachelor life. At his death the accumu lations of half a century went to Sir Robert, who was thereby enabled to Btand the financial shock involved in the failure of his " Alexandra Palace" speculation, a huge pile in the northern suburbs, intended to rival the Crystal Palace at Sydenham. Sir Robert Carden, who was 87 years old, attended the City Council chamber on the day of bis death, and moved a vote of condolence with the family of toe late Alderman Sir John Staples, K.C.M.G., also just dead, a man 20 years younger than himself. Sir Robert was quite an institution of London life, and will be much missed. Many a matt has beguiled an intolerably tedious city dinner by watch ing the good old man steadily eating'and drinking through the menu withont missing a dish or a wine: He never had gout: London was astounded on Wednesday by a telegram announcing that Mr. Chamberlaiu was to be the next Governor-General of Canada. Mr. Chamberlain qnickly gave the report a dementi; bnt that audi a rumour should have got abroad and been believed, or at all events considered possible, is a curious Bign of the anomalous position which Mr. Chamberlain is at present con sidered to occupy in English politics. The necessities of the Unionist alliance do not snit a politician of his fiery stamp. In the first place Lord Harrington is so indisputably captain of toe ship, that Mr. Chamberlain can hope for nothing more than a position of subordination, whilst the whole conception ol the Unionist position is so essentially one of observation and reserve, that a man of Mr. Chamberlain's gladiatorial powers has no scope for his abilities. What I have heard, "on the best authority," is that when he comes hack from America he will Btrike out a line of his own, still objurgating the Glad stonians, but making a. fcaald bid tor tbe favour of the democracies"by an "anti poverty" policy. Some such idea underlay bis Belf-imposed missions to the.crofters last April, and before he went to America he opened up communications with Mrs. Annie Besant, who is one of the chief apostles of "peaceful socialism," with a view to meeting her and discussing her principles with heron his return. Tbe arrangement does hot bind him to more than "inquiry and examina tion;" but he may find mncb in the lady's teaching which be can work up into u pro gramme on the lines 91' his old "ransom" speech. The Socialists hare occupied a very large space in the public eye of late.. They are split up into several camps. Not counting the foreign revolutionaries, and tbe "English Anarchists" (who comprise one stockbroker, bis aesthetic wife, and her 42 admirers), the most extreme section of the Socialists ate the Social Democratic Federation, under Hyndman Burns and "Comrade Quelch," tbe latter of whom has recently advised, the firing of London in eighty places, as the best medicine for the sickness of the time. These people are now nearly penniless. Their financial mainstay was Mr. William Morris, the poet and upholsterer, who has withdrawn from them and founded another organisa tion. "The Socialist League," auspicious but email. H. EL Champion, the ex-artillery officer, has also broken away from the Hynd man combination, and. stands by himself. He was demoralised some time ago by the blandishments of a fair Primrose League canvasser, who visited him in his chambers at Grey's Inn, to ask for his vote at a Par liamentary election. ' After many visits acid much tender talk, he half converted her, and she half converted him, and he left the Socical Democratic Federation, joining, by way of compromise, a GladStonian Caucus. The combination to which Mrs. Besaiit belongs is called the " Fabian Society," a very mild and academic affair, including Walter; Crane and Oscar Wild& which only looks to "the gradual evolution of society on a socialistic uasia" Under theFabian scheme department .after department of human affairs would, be takeuunder co-optative control, uqtil,l&st; of all, the babies would be washed.~ *■"" "agents diluted! much loir parts 