A TIFF. It was their first serious one. for Mr. aud Mrs. Dasson were a warmly attached couple, on whom two years of matrimony had not palled, nor hal the effect of lessening their affection. Yet sweetest bells will jangle sometimes; and the chords of the human mind get out of tune Mary, the maid, began the mis chief. She could not be induced to love early rising, consequently the breakfast was late. Mr. Dasson, who had an engagement, chafed at losing a train, and Mrs. Dasson rebelled against the blame being laid on her. They parted in anger; hot words had been said, cruel reproaches uttered ; the rolls and coffee left untouched : Mr. Dasson stalking out of the house without his overcoat, and Mrs. Dasson flying upstairs to throw herself on her bed and cry siorinily till her head ached and her eyes were swollen. *' What a fright I look !:! she exclaimcd, when, an hour after, she rose and caught sight of her wan, tear-stained face in the glass. My cousins talked of calling this morning, but not for worlds would 1 let them see me in this state. If I told Mary to say I a;u ill. they would insist on coming up stairs ; and if they should suspect that Alfred and I have quarrelled, they would spread the news far and wide. What shall I do? I will go out,"1 she finally determined. A long walk will relieve my head, and I should feel Hi for nothing if I stayed at home. I am miserable. How could Alfred be so unkind This ejaculation was followed by another burst o£ tears, but they flowed more quietly, and before they were wiped awav. Le.a Dawson came to the conclusion that she had not been so free from fault as she had declared herself. Who could be more kind in general, or more forbearing than Alfred ? 4-nd if he had spoken irritably she could not denj that her duty as a wife was sally ignore 1 when sbe retort 3d 5ii the same strain. 13at he had said-and then her bosom heaved angrily as she repeated to herself his captious speeches. If she had erred, he W been unjust; and as for Mary-. Xever had that culprit seen her young mistress look so stern as when she came down stairs dressed for walking: never before had Mrs. Dasson so sharply lectured her! One phrase the lady murmured. In faltering accents, that lilieS Mary with remorse. ITour want of punctuality has caused me great nnbapp?Hcss." Her voice choked by a sol). Mrs. Dasson walked quickly away, leaving her hand maiden. to whom she was invariably kind and considerate, quite conscience stricken. The park to which Lela directed her steps was not an inviting promenade, for the gravel was sloppy with recent rain, and the shrubs half hidden by mist. However, she persevered in pacing the most sheltered walks till good resolutions carac to her aid, and she could return home in a happier frame oi mind. Before doing so. however, she went to a Bon Manhc at no great distance. She had just remembered that Alfred was in want of a new pair of slippers. She would buy Mm the prettiest pair she could procure, and this gift should be her peace-offering when they met in the evening. A showily dressed woman followed her into the department she visited, standing by her side while she made her selection, and turning over tiie slippers as if she were as sisting Mrs. Dasson in her choice ; but when the shopman chanced to be off guard, the horrified lady saw her appropriate a pair of the most expensive ones. Oi seeing herself observed, she dropped her booty, and with a familiar nod walked away, saving, 1*11 wait for yen ouiside," liut ere she reached the door an assistant, who had wit- ; nessed the theft, sprang forward and detained : her. i After a struggle she was brought back, to ] the counter where Mrs. Dasso<). terrified and | disgusted, was still standing, and to the I horror and dismay of the young wile, she I heard herself accused as a o>nfederate. I Fortunately for her the proprietor of the emporium was quickly on the sput, aud by bim she was recognised as a frequent cus tomer. Appeased by his apologies, she would have paid for her purchase and departed, but when she pat her hand in her pocket her purse-Alfred's present on her birthday was geme. The police now made their nppearancc, the thief was searched, and Mrs. Dasson's purse found upon her. Satisfied at having regained possession of it, she made av.oiher attempt to escape from a scene which she rendered intolerably pain ful by the howls and protestations of the prisoner. liut her evidence was required; she was the most important witness in the case, aud in spite of her absolute refusal to prosecute, and extreme re luctance to lake any part in the affair, she was compelled to yield to the requirements of the law. A cab was called, and much against hex will, llrs. Dasson was driven to the nearest police-court. Jt was crowded on that day: some local rejoicing had ended in a street row : and so many were the rioters, so con flicting tiie testimony, that very faint aud weary did the unwilling witness become ere the shoplifter was place in the dock. The painful ordeal of giving evidence against her was over at List, and Mrs. Dasson free to depart ; but as, with the aid of a policeman, she was edging her way through the throng hanging about the doors, a few h'.jrds reached Her that made her heart stand I '. The worst accident they've ever had on that line," one man was saying to another. .' You see it happened just as the train was full of city gems going up to their oilices. I did hear that there was ten dead aud no end of wounded." '? Is it-is it ture gasped Mrs. Dasson to the policeman who was piloting her. i: And where did it happen ? ' Well, yes, mum, I'm afraid it's true enough' A coliission, you know, some wheres between-"" and he named the si ation from which her husband travelled-"aud the next. Happened about nine-twenty, I reckon." Oh ! agony that it was to hear this !-to be forced to tell herself that if her husband had gone earlier, as he intended, he would have escaped. She looked so ill that the policeman civilly offered to procure a cab into which he assisted her, asking where he should tell the cabman to drive. '? To the city," was the reply. And, accordingly, thither she was taken, trembling, weeping, praying: now yielding to despair, and fceiing convinced that she should find her husband at some hospital frightfully maimed; now hoping he had escaped injury: but always haunted with a j dread that he was amongst the kiUol. | And they had parted in anger' She: should never be able to express her patience | and receive his pardon. Jfow should she j endure iife if he was taken from her, or 'now j forsrhe herself if be were among those who would linger out a miserable existence i crushed, crippled? j ]>ut the cab was at the door of the ollice, ! and a junior clerk, catching sight of a pale. ; pretty face at if to window of the vehicle. | officiously rushed out to interview its j owner. | Mr. Dasson? II j hadn't been at the office \ all day. Believed the governor had received J a telegram- ] Lela fell back almost prostrated by this j confirmation of her fears. She contrived to i give the now compassionate clerk her address, and he bade the cabman take her to her i home as quickly as p -ssib'le, ! Tiie tiuor ilopen as b.:i' tuiniui towards it, and Mary appeared, he apron at her eyes. "Oli, ma'am. Tm so thankful you've come ! ' tlie girl sobbed. '? My poor master !" She threw open tbe dining-room door, and there, his n\ms flung out on the table, "liis head resting on them, sat Alfred Dasson, his hah' dishevelled, Lis boors muddy, Lis clothes drenched with the rain that for the last two or three houis had been tilling steadily. The opening of tbe door aroused him ; he sprang up, beheld Lela, who flew towaids him, and they were rapturously clasped in cach other's arms, and Mary closed the door upon them. Then he was safe-unhurt! Ob. Heaven be thanked'. But where had he been I Look ing for her ? Why. what was she to under stand from that ? "When I left here,'" he explained, "the first thing I heard of was the accident that had happened to the train I missed, and someone told me that poor Tompkins-you have often heard me speak of him-was one of the sufferers by it. So I helped to carry him to the nearest hospital, and then hastened to his wife-she was staying with friends at liichmond-broke the news as weii as I could, and took her to him. "While thus employed, it struck me that my own wit'e might hear an exaggerated account of the rili'nir; so I wired to tbe city, excusing myself * b::rc. and cauie home to find Mary in gri-at uisiress. You bad gone out, she said, lookilike a ghost, and accusing her of having ruined your happiness. V'ou had gone away as if you never meant to return, and I have been rushing from place to place ever since I heard this to find my darling, and entrent her to return to me. I have but just come home, so worn out with fatigue and misery that I could hold up no longer." I.e:a insisted on deferring her explanations till he had changed the wet garments in which he was shivering. Need we say that they were satisfactory, or that the various hours spent by both hnsbund and wife tan eht them that in wedded life even ;i a Lift:: should be care ful iy avoided 