. BEATLCI V RNON:I: CHAPTER V.-?ETWEEN THE ACTS. It' looked very fair and good and young. Lithe and slight, but gracefully proportioned, with a very delicate, transparent, complexion, large grey eyes,. and fair silky mou stache; as he stood pernestly talking to her under the old tree,in the ten nis ground they made a pretty picture. The dreamy langour of his manner came from physical'delicacy, not from laziness. And Beatrice, who loved a sympathising hearer, gavt;him all her views on sanitar'y science, as she did to George, now and then letting him talk, in his fanciful, metaphysical way, of cul. ture and art, of poetry and philoso phy, never thinking of any conse quences that might follow, or of any harm she might be doing to lier boyish lover. At this time a letter left the county, and winged its way across Ecglaund and France until it reached the north of Italy; an innocent looking missive in spite of all the pastmarks on the enielope, for it had pursued the person to whom it was addressen from Posteltestante to' Foste Restante ; but it was fated to work lamentation and' mourning and woe, as it it had beecs one of the apocalyptic scrolls. : "The Hill, Gorsewood, Willingham, October 24th, 18790. DeARtVERNON," it began,- '" I have shaken myself down at last into winter quarters and write at once to claim the fulfilment of the promise you made to me 'in the Engadine a month or two ago to come' across to these cold and sunless regions for a few weeks' hunting. You know that I have only bachelor house keeping here, and you will have to rough it; but no doubt you will find (as I al ways do) that one never knows how jolly lifecan 'be until one is a few miles distant from women. There are three or four follows here, all good company in the Sfield and at the table--Toppin of the 1: .Boots Greys, Tickell and Riley of the 124th, and Spaniel Birkett. I have a . fairly good cook, a modest collar, and two vacant stalls in my stable to offer ; ladies' society, if you wish for it at the meets S's. nd hunt breakfasts; three days hunting * a week-four, if you wish to take a long ish railway journey now and then, and a .bedroom with a ghost in. It promises to be- an open season - foxes plentiful. and hounds in splendid condition. If you don't care to bring h.,rses over, wire back ,;,and-.I: will look out for some here. I have a fine mare in my eye that would justsuit you ; you rids lighter then I do, I believe. I beli.ve her owner wants to part with her at once. You can make •acquaintance with the cousin you told me of about ten miles from here - Miss Vernon of Garfield : you asked me about her when I said Icame from this county. Ifanoy she doesn't hunt, but she used to 'ride to the meets.. They say she is going to marry young -Luttrell from Luttrell Towers, but you may have a chance of cutting him out if you come in June, before she has squandered all her sub stance,not in riotous,butin philanthropic living, as she promises to do. I hear she is pulling down cottages all round, build ing whole villages on the most costly plans, founding schools and institutions, and the Lord knows what else. It is clearly your duty to come and look after your interests. Write or wire at once, 'and believe me to be. yours faithfully OaURnoaH?o it BEysoN. 