THEi G3T0ST IN THE GAEKET. BY MATTIE DYER BRITTS. 'Oh, Tom.! Have you actually bought it?' ' I actually have, mine frou ! We'll ride out this evening and see the place.' ' Take, me, too !' chimed in Willy, who was building block bridges on the floor. ' Take you ? Well, I wonder when we ever took a ride without you, young irre *\\-w-\doiI\1o.1'' anifl Ilia nirno In tirrliinrr 'Oof-. him ready, Rachie, weMl take him.' Rachel Stevens ran upstairs with a light heart, to get ready for the drive. She was so tired of the hot, dusty city in summer, and it was so very unwholesome for Willy, and they were so glad to go to the country. Tom had succeeded very well in his busi ness, though they hardly called themselves rich yet. Still, they could now afford to . keep a horse and buggy, and a colored man to drive- it. And, better than that, they could own a home of their own. Rachel's darling dream had been of a pretty home outside the city, in some of the handsome suburbs, where they could have- a garden, and flowers and grape vines and melons, ancl begin to enjoy life. Tom had been for some time in search of such a place as would suit them, and he had come home a few days before, telling her that he thought the place was found. 'A nice cottage,' he said, 'a pretty verandah in front, ton nice rooms, cellar, ? closets, good well, barn, and all that sort of thing, and an acre and a half of ground, , under fine improvement.' ' And the price ?' asked Rachie. ' Is simply ridiculous,' said Tom, naming a price wldch surprised Rachie by its small ness. 'Is there 'anything wrong with the place, that they sell it so cheaply?' she asked. 'The agent says not. And I certainly failed to discover anything. He says the gentleman who o%yris* it now, wants to go to a son in England, and will take a very small price, to get the ready cash.' ?'Do buy it, Tom!' urged Rachel. 'I want to get out of. town before it gets hot, so badly. And if we don't like it, wo needn't keep it.' 'Wise littlo woman !' cried Tom. ' Well, I will examine the records, and if 1 can read my title clear to a mansion in the suburbs, why, I'll buy.' ' He jwent to see about the matter next day, and, found the title all sound, and went . home to! his wife with the news that the place was purchased. . ; The carriage was round by the time Rachel and Willy were ready. Tom drove . . leaving Henry, the colored man, to wait ; their return. 'It is about three miles from city limits,' said he, as they bowled merrily over the smooth roads. ' But Henry can drive me back and forth every day, and it will just be good exercise for the pony.' ' We'll move right away, won't we ?' asked Rachel. 'Impatience! Yes, whenever you are ready, said Tom. ' Oh, I'm ready any time,' cried Rachel. 'And I am all impatience to get into the country.' . . ' That settles it, then,' said Tom. ' We'll begin to-morrow. There, we shall be in sight of the house as soon as we turn this corner.' Kachel looked out eagerly, and very soon caught a view of a low, pretty cottage, with long, fluted, vine-bound columns to the front verandah, and a bright wilderness of bloom all around it. '?Oh, what a lovely place!' she cried. ' Tom, I am so glad you have bought it ! We shall be so happy here !' ' I hope so, mine frou,' answered Tom, laughingly, as ho helped her from the carriage. 'Come, Willy,' said she. And in less than fifteen minutes Willy and his mamma had been in every room, from garret to cellar, had run over the garden beds, and even visited the barn. ' Well, what do you think ?' asked Tom, as he took up the reins to drive home. ' 1 think, Tom, that I shall be the very happiest woman in the world, when I get to be mistress here,' said Rachel. ' And I want you to engage the furniture cars the first tiling in the morning, and we'll come out.' ' Hadn't we better begin to-night ?' said Tom, slyly. ' Oh, you needn't laugh ! I'm not a bit sure but what 1 shall r said she. And Tom says she did pack half-a-dozen boxes and drawers, before she went to bed. Next day the moving began. Carload after car load of furniture, some of it quite new, went out, and at last Henry drove out 14achel, Willy and Lina, the colored rnaid of-ajl-work, who was Rachel's right-hand. Biisily they worked, until things began to ? look cozy and homelike. And when Henry drove back to bring Tom out at the close of business hours, nearly every room was in a good degree of arrangement. Rachel had gathered a delightful dish of strawberries for supper from the garden, and she was never prouder of the grandest dish bought in the city. Tom praised the rapidity with which they had worked, and was pleased with everything. 'They sat oil the cool verandah until time to retire, talking of the pleasant hours they would spend out there during the hot slimmer, and what a nice place it would be to entertain their friends. 'Tom,' said Rachel, as they went up to bed, ' there's only one thing troubles me.' ' What ! Found a thorn in' your rose already ?' 'Oh, no indeed! It's too perfect! There's where it is, you see. I'm afraid there was some reason for this place being sold so cheaply, that we shall find out to our sorrow.' ' Nonsense ! The man wanted the money, that was all,' said Tom. 'Weli, I. don't know. We shall see!' returned Rachel, with a woman's love for making a prophecy. 'Can you and Lina get along without Henry to-day?' asked Tom, as he stood on the steps ready to leave, next morning. 'Oh, yes, if you need him. The heavy moving and lifting is almost done. What is not can wait until to- morrow,' said Rachel. ' Then I'll keep him in town to-day. I have some riding round collecting to do, and it will save me time. Good-bye. Don't get lonely out here.' *, ,,-:'. . !, ' No danger !' said Rachel, as she kissed him good- bye. They drove away, and Tom looked back and waved his hat at Rachel and Willy, who were waving their hand kerchiefs from the porch, until the carriage turned the corner and was out of sight. ' Now, then, Willy, you can play about ?where you please,' suid Rachel. 'I will change my dress and then Lina and I will get to work. The morning duties were soon done, and the work of arranging and re-arranging ?was carried on. Rachie thought they could have everything in order by the time Tom came homo in the evening. ' They took a hasty lunch at noon, and soon after Lina went up to the garret to put away tome things. But the next moment a swift rush was heard, and Lina burst into the room where Rachel was working, her eyes starting from her head, her face as' near white as it could be. 'Lord-a-massy, Missis Stebens.I wouldn't go up in dat ar garret agin fur a dollar!' she cried, trembling with terror. ' Nonsense, Lina ! What's up there ?' asked Rachel. ' Ghostesses, Missis, shuah as you borri !' cried Lina. 'Oh, Lawdy! to tirik 1 should a seed 'em !' 'Nonsense, I say!' repeated Rachel. ' There are no such tilings as ghosts, Lina, you know that !' ' But I seed 'em wid my own eyes !' wailed Lina.; ' An' not a man-feller on de place.! Dey's gwine to get us, shuah, Missis!' ''Why,' Lina, how foolish you are !' cried Rachel, half vexed. ? ' Come, what did you' see, Lina? A ihouse ?' . 'Lawdy goodness, no Mis' Stebens! Tink I gwine to be skeered at mouses ? No, 'twas a' cretur I seed, a human cre'tur, an' not a libin' one, either! Oh, Mis' Stebens, I dassent go up dor no mo.'' 'Well, you need riot, since you are so frightened,' said Rachel. ' 'I will put the things away myself , to show you there is no danger.' Rachel was really not at all ' cowardly. She was too kind hearted to make the superstitious negro girl do what she evidently so much feared to do,' but. she tripped up the garret stairs herself, and began to arrange the things in boxes.' Suddenly she heard a closet door; at the end of the garret shut, and.! then open, softly. She looked up. That end of the garret was in shadow, but she could plainly see a white figure standing before the door. 'Who are you?. What dp you want?'.' demanded Rachel, bravely. , ,:,. The figure slowly raised its head, arid Kachel heard the word 'Go!' breathed three times. Then the figure suddenly vanished, where or how she .could not tell, . ?'?.?...'?? Rachel did not run, as Linda had done. .But it was not in mortal woman to stay there, after such a sight. She went down stairs, and fastened the door at the foot of the stairs tightly.: .. ? ' 'Oh, missis! what did you see?', cried Lina. . ' . \ ? ' ,; , 'I don't know,' said Rachel. ' But I did see something, Lina. We will have, Tom to look into it, when he comes.' ' I knowed it !' I knowed you'd see it I' said Lina. ' Oh, missis, we can't stay in dis awful house 1' 'It isn't awful at all, Lina,' said Rachel, assuming a calmness she did not feel. ' It is nothing that will hurt us, and I daresay Mr Stevens can explain it at once.' ' Well, I hope so, I does!' said Lina. 'But, please, miss, don't ax. me to go up dere again, 'cause I couldn't no ways go. I'd be skeered plum to def !' ' You needn't go, Liua; I'll promise you that,' said Rachel. She did not go herself, but when Tom came home the door was fast locked. ' Tom,' said she, ' I've discovered why this place was sold so cheaply.' 'Ah, have you? Well, why?' ' Tom, there's a ghost in the garret.' 'A ghost? Nonsense, Ray! 1 didn't think you believed in such stuff.' ' I don't. But there is something up there, for 1 saw it myself.' Rachel then told him what had occurred, and Tom, in his -turn, told her that Henry had met in town that day, the colored man who had acted as coachman to the former owner, and had heard from him that they left the place because it was haunted. 'Now, then,' cried Rachel, in triumph, ' you see there is something !' 'No, I haven't seen it yet. I've only heard it,' said Tom. ' But I will see it, if it's to be seen. Luckily, Henry is_ not cowardly, like most of his race; he, is as brave as a lion. He and I will watch up; there to-night, and see if we can't capture the. ghost.' . ; ; Rachel took Lina in to stay with her downstairs, while Tom and Henry watched up in the garret. They first investigated the closet where the ghost was supposed to appear. There were some nails in the closet— not even a garment hanging on them behind which any creature could hide. Nor was there any visible place in the great bare garret which could afford a concealment for even a rat. 'It's pure imagination! That's what it is!' said Tom. ' Yes, sah, ; dat am dis chile's opinion, too, sah !' said Henry. ' Nuffin' but . low down igneraminuses gwine to b'lebe dn ghostes.' ' Well, we'll give them a sitting, anyhow, Henry,' said Tom, as he looked to the condition of his six-shooter. But nothing came of it. They went down-stairs at broad daylight next morn ing without baring seen any appearance, and Tom laughed heartily at the idea of a ghost. ? . ? ? :?,-?; Rachel requested him. to let Henry return after driving him to- his business, saying she did not care about staying alene with only the terrified Lina until the mystery was solved in some way.!. ? ? Torn sent Henry back, and -he was kept busy doing chores about the place, all day. He was driving the buggy down the lane, going to bring Tom home in the evening, when he chanced to look up to the garret window, and there he saw what Lina and Rachel had seen,1 a tall white figure, at the window. : He drew rein to stop, but the figure vanished instantly. And not wishing to frighten the women again, he decided to drive on to town and tell his master. He did so, and Tom determined that next morning he would thoroughly ex plore the walls ' and floor of that garret, to discover if possible, what was hiding there.- . . When they got up next morning they found Lina loudly lamenting' that the nice rolls, cold beef and cake she had left in the pantry the night before were gone!- Not a, crumb left ! ' His' ghostship must have a good apjietite,' said Tom, laughing. 'After breakfast we will interview him, and see if we can't discover his retreat. This thing has gone about.far enough.' Accordingly, armed with his revolver, and Henry with his hatchet, they sallied up into the garret. Rachel followed, but Lina could not be induced to go. At the head of the garret stairs, Henry picked up some crumbs ;of cake. ' Look, here, Ray !'J said he. 'Here's a proof that bur ghost is human! '^Spirits wouldn't steal cake and carry it up garret ' Look, sah ! look !' said Henry, suddenly touching Tom's arm. And Tom saw, at the dark end of the garret, 'the tall, white figure which the rest had seen; ??'''?' ? Quick as a ilash, Tom raised his revolver and fired. The shot missed, but the ghost gave a cry, and dashed into the . closet. Tom and llenry dashed after. .Nothing visible but a bare, empty space. ' Henry, take your hatchet and split this back wall open !' ordered Torn. Henry struck a sharp blow— tlie boards cracked, but the wall, at the same time, impelled by the force with which he struck, slid back, and revealed a space between the walls and the slope of the roof, reaching clear across the building, and nearly high enough for a man tp stand upright.. ' Now we've got it !' cried Tom, standing m the opening, revolver iii hand. ' Henry, bring a lantern here!' ! ''.' ',;.', As Henry was about to obeyj a whining . voice came from the dark space behind the wall.' ? ?','''. ' Don't shoot, mister ! Don't shoot ! I'll come out! I will, if you won't shoot no more!' ' ',.,.' 'Out with you, then! Quick about it, and you sha'nt be hurt,' said Tom', motion ing Henry to stop. Rachel drew near, pale and scared, and they all. stood waiting, while presently a, gaunt, dirty figure, dressed in a rig made of old, soiled sheets, crept out, tfnd stood before them. ' ' . ' ' Well ! you are a pretty specimen of humanity, ain't you ?' ' . cried Tom. ' 1 suppose you are the ghost, are you ?' ' 'Spect I am,' whined the dirty figure. ' What are you hanging round my house and frightening my folks to death for?' demanded Tom. 'What's, to hinder my shooting you like a dog— say ?' ?-.. ? 'Don't, please, mister !',- whined the crouching form. ' An' I'll tell you all about it, 'deed, by George I will ! An' I'll go 'way, an' never disturb, round here no more, 'deed, will 1 !' ' ,' -. ? ? ' Let's hear, from you, then. -,- ;Who are you,''and what are you doing here ?',; . , h The; 'ghost', thenitold, his story.; . He had been one of the carpenters,' 'when the ? house was built tii few; years before, and knew of the sliding door back of the closet, made 'so that old lumber might be stored there, out of the way. ? . ; . He had got to drinking, fallen into bad habits, and got arrested and put into gaol for nearly killing.a man in a drunken row. He made his escape from, gaol, and not daring to show himself, hid in the back closet, when the people were out of the house. He hadn't at first meant to be, a ghost. But some of the . family having seen him, and taken him for one, suggested the idea. . He thought if he could make them believe that the house was haunted, they would let him be undisturbed for a, long time. He stole some sheets, fixed up his ri', and had carried on his deception for a long time. In fact, until Tom had' dis covered him. Tom was at first inclined to hand him over to the police. But he seemed such a pitiful, half-starved object, and so very repentant of his bad ways, and anxious to get out of the country, they, hadn't the heart to punish him farther. .' They gave him a suit of Tom's old clothes, a plentiful breakfast, and then ho was taken to town, to the railroad station, where Tom paid for a ticket to a place where he said he had friends, and they saw him off. He promised never to return, and kept his word. They never saw or heard of him again, and the ghost in the garret was laid forever. 