TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. Sir, — In your issue of the 9th on the above subject, I was glad to read the kind letter of a Nonconformist clergyman, and, like him. having been brought up in the Established Church, I still entertain a deep affection for it, and hope the time will soon come when a full revision by the Church will be made. To show the correct opinion of the writer, we, as the Free Church of Englnud, have revised the Prayer Book for our-selves, and all the objec tions made in the published letter we have struck out, and in all the hundred couples I have married have not read once any of those part, so that tho objections in the marriage service I fully endorse, and I enclose one of my public printed papers for your kind inser tion in any wav or parts that you like —I am, &c.;, N. KINSMAN. Kinsman House, Fitzroy, 10th Jauuary. [The following are the views of the Free Church of England, as set out with circu lar:— 1\. No absolution or remission of sins by any minister, bishop, or church : no man living having Authority from the Bible to say, " And by his authority committed to me, I ab solve thee from all thy sins, in the name of the Father, and the Son, and of tho Holy Ghost. Amen." 2\. No godfather or godmother required at infant baptism ; and that no child is made by baptism "a member of Christ, a child of God. or an inheritor of the Kingdom of Heaven. "(I do not believe in Baptismal regeneration.) 3\. No refusing to read prayers over the corpse of an unbaptised infant (I bcllovo all unbaptised infants dying go to heaven); and no declaration that every adult is buried in sure and certain hope of the resurrection to eternal life. (We have a compartment in the Melboume Cemetery). 4\. No Commination Service : Neither do we believe that Christ descended into hell. I am now prepared to merit any clergyman in public to prove that our revised prayer book is more in accordance with the Bible on these doctrines than the book of common prayer. We are free under Christ our Master ; ours is a free pulpit and a free communion, open to all who love the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity and truth. We would propound a free gospel, a free salvation, operating through a living faith. Hoping that the time will soon come when all the churches of the land will be united with each other and the Lord. 