131 NGLEY WOOD. CHAPTER I. It. wns n. miserable night. Hurried re lentlessly by n fierce wind musses of cloud rushed madly through the sky. Occmion ally the wind seemed to forsake its diver sions, dying away with sighs and sobs. Then with renewed vigor it returned to the charge, shrieking with delight to see noble tress bowed in humble obeisance, and every leaf and twig do homage to its authority. The moon, wherever an opportune rift in the clouds occurred, smiled pityingly on a wretched, rain-soaked world. A train, having disgorged two passengers, issued from the small station of Bingloy, leaving two forloru travellers contempla ting with rueful countenances the retreat ing carriages. One of these passengers was a well- built gentleman of six and twenty, muffle'd in a waterproof warranted impervious to the attack of the elements. Tall, with a breadth of chest denoting great strength, aud with a handsome, sunny face, which could notwithstanding on occasion look wondrously stern, he represented a fine typo of lingland's sons. The other passenger was a fine New foundland dog. 'Any luggage, sir?' inquired an ob sequious por or, having an eye to a pros pective tip. ' Yea. Is there a carriage from The Hall V ' Haven't seen none, sir.' ' I rails! walk, I suppose. I will send for my portmanteau in the morning. Good- night. Bruce ! coine on, old fel low.' ' Beg pardon, sir, but did you say The Hall, sir? The water is over the road below the dam, Bir. Should say a short cut through the wood would save you some bit, if you boan't ? ' 'Thank. you I an not afraid. Good night.' Leaving the porter to ruminate upon the perils of the road and upon not unwelcome beueficence, for the stranger had tipped him liberally, Ernest Hazeldine stepped into, driving rain aud pursued his lonely journey. A dark, dreary road, with only a solitary house here and there, rain falling with aggravating persistence— a cold and lonely walk — might well have induced a traveller to spend the night at the villiage inn. To tell tho truth the insinuation of the ollicial at the station had somewhat piqued our determined pedestrian. 'Afraid, indeed!' he muttered; 'we've been through greater trouble than tramping a lonely road— eh, Bruce ?' Raising his bright, intelligent eyes the dog wagged his tail in token of as sent. ' Why don't you speak, old man?— you'd he much more sociable !' ' Opening his mouth and giving vent to a half bark the noble brute seemingly did his best to obey his master's behest. Talking to the dog and advancing with rapid 3tndes Erneat quickly arrived at a spot where the footpath 'led from, the road across a meadow and hence into the wood. .' . As he entered crowds of recollection?, incidents of boyhood's escapades, crossed his mind. ' Twelve years,' he continued still ad dressing his canine companion, 'twelve years since Dickand 1 played our larks in this old wood. Poor Dick ! Afghan bullets were too much for him. He was a brave lad — too brave, I fear, for — -Hullo 1 What's that ?— sounded like a cry !' Stopping short and holding the dog by the ear he listened. The wind with fierce gusts swept amongst the trees, and its dismal moan made a shudder run through his frame. ' 1 certainly thought I heard something ; it might have been ? ' 'Help 1 help!' The cry came through the air. borne by tho wind with startling distinctness. Ernest llazeldino's heart stood still for one instant; then, grasping his stout stick, ho dashed forward. A few strides brought him to an open space, and there a sight met his gaze which made his Wood boil. With his back to a tree stood a man with silvered hair. In f ront of him were two villainous-looking footpads, armed with short, heavy cudgels. Creeping up behind came a .third, carrying a similar weapon. His arm was raised and the moon f.ir an instant revealed the fearful notches of the weapon as he raised it above tho head of the brave, old man, when with a short, fierce growl Bruce's teeth suddenly closed on his throat, bearing him to the earth. At the same time Ernest felled one of the other ruliians with his stick, and the third, seeing matters were desperate, with an oath, beat a rapid retreat. Stepping forward and clasping Ernest by the hand the old man, his voice husky with emotion said — ' Young man' you have saved my life ! How can 1 thank you ?' ' By saying no more about it. Hsre, Bruce! come to heel' — for the dog was showing an inclination to worry the villain under aim. 'It ia only what any other man in my position would have done, Help me to secure these rogues.' The two men began to show signs of returning animation. ' Is there any place wh':re we can lodge them for the night ?' asked Hazeldine. ' Yes, my gaiuekeeper'a cottage,' returned the other. So bidding Bruce taka charge of the man he had held down, now restored to oousciousnoss, telling the man to walk be side the dog as he valued his life, and tak ing the «ther rogue between them, the captors marched their prisoners to the ho:'..-e of the gamekeeper, wlio received thfm with intense satisfaction, stating they we iv two of the most desperate characters in the village. Bidding the keeper watch his prisoners carefully the elder gentleman turned to his companion ' 1 trust, sir, you will not think me un grateful for tiie inestimable service you have rendered me to-night, because of the inability to thank you in sufficiently warm term?. ' The debt I have incurred is one -which cannot be cancelled by a mere effusion of words, nor would ' I have it so, but if there be any service Richard Trovers can rpnder to his preserver I trust you will mention it.' ' Sir Hichard Travra,' replied Ernest, 'if you consider tho slight service 1 have rendered you worthy of any reward the favor I ask is that you will recall me to mind. My name is Hazeldine.' 'Ernest TIazeldino — Dick's chum I The young urchin who was the ruin of my plum-tree I Why, lad this is indeed a pleasure I' And truly affected the two men grasped each other by the hand in a sileut grip more eloquent than words. CHAPTER II. ' Ernest, lad, I'm glad to see you.' The hearty, genuine tones of the speaker, the loving light in the eyes, the beaming smile which irradiated the round, jovial face, of Squire Malfern amply corro borated the assertion. it was tne morning tonowing tne aiiray. Nature, strangely versatile, had substitu ted for storm, wiud, and rain, light, genial sunshine. The morning breeze richly laden with the scent of (lowers came in delicious gusts through the open windows of the breakfast-room at The Hall. Standing by the window and greeting each other with warm affection were the squire and his nephew. ' But come, my boy, you must be hungry, and I have urgent business to transact, so we will breakfast.' With assiduity characteristic of the race to which they belonged, and with appetites sharpened by the fresh morning wind, they attacked the plentiful repast with which the table was laden. 'Did you say business would call you away this morning ?' inquired Ernest. ' Yes. I must go to Barsham to see my solicitor about that piece of land through which old Travers claims the right of way.' 'The ancient dispute, sir?' queried Ernest, with an amused twinkle in his eye. ' The same, Ernest,' answered the squire, a grave look spreading over his open, jovial face. ' But you must not think, lad, that this is the real cause of our antagonism (have some of this tongue). A trumpery roadway through a remote corner of my estates would not cause the enmity of a lifetime. Yet I will lose every penny of money before I yield an inch of ground to. Sir Richard Travers.' * 'Why this enmity, sir?' - ? ' 4 Lad, it is a tale of many years ago. When I was a young fellow about your age Richard and I were to each other as brothers. We both 6f us, however, fell in love aud unfortunately with the same girl, I was the favored suitor and married lier. One year of intense happiness was ours; then she died. SirRichar&^nd I quarrelled, and since then we have been worse than strangers— enemies.' Strangely grave looked the squire as he finished, and somewhat uncomfortable ; conscious that Erne3t was earnestly con templating him. ' But I see Jim has brought the mare up to the door. I am sorry to leave you, lad. You must spend the day as best you can; There are some excellent trout to be caught in the Hollow.' Rising hastily and mounting his mare, Squire Malfern left to take counsel with his solicitor on the much, vexed question '?pi ' right of way.' . , ! Left to his own resources, and recollect-1 ing that the trout stream that his uncle had recommended was a favorite resort ?£ his boyhood, Erneat wended his way thither. Treading the velvety turf which covered the banks of the stream, he whipped the water till he reached a spot where the trout abounded, but where it became almost impossible to throw the fly It was a delightful nook, shady and retired. The trees lining the banks of the minia ture river, spread their branches protect inglyover it, effectually screening it from the rays of the sun. Through an opening of the treeB could be seen the demesne of Sir Richard Travers. Far away as the eye could reach lay the broad acres of the baronet— acres report said sadly encumbered, owing to the reck less extravagance of his ancestors. The Towers, a somewhat rambling build ing of Gothic architecture, its clustored columns overgrown with ivy, was built upon a commanding eminence. A magnificent park- studded' with fine old trees stretched with gentle'incline from the front of the mansion. The variety of the foliage — the gentle undulations of the green sward formed a view of striking beauty, enhanced and completed by a lake, thestili water of which gleamed in the sun light. A tiny barque, drifting at the pleasure and current of the breeze, floated on its peaceful bosom. In the stern of this little craft, reclining in luxurious ease, was^a fair girl. Just ripening into womanhood, her dark brown hair escaping in bewitching waves from the bondage or the prim knot behind the head, strayed over tho low, white fore heud in delightful confusion. A sweet, pure face, with a complexion browned somewhat by the sun, yes rivalling the peach in delicacy of bloom, and a form of perfect symmetry, formed a picture ot entrancing loveliness. The eyelids, fringed with long, black lashes, hid the beautiful orbs it was their duty to protect. Clad in the hazy Cold3 of some soft, white material, and sleeping in graceful repose, she looked the impersonation of Tennyson's Elaine. She was indeed — ' Lovely, for she did not seem as dead, » But fast asleep, and lay, as though she smiled.' The little stream which relieved the lake of superfluous water .was swqilen by the rains of the previous night into an angry torrent. Drawn by the influence of the current the boat slowly entered its channel, the sound of the leaping, dashing water passing as soothing melcdy over the unconscious occupant. Gracefully rounding and yeilding to the clamorous entreaties of the waves the advance of the craft became more rapid. Faster and faster sped the boat. Right on the front were two boulders of rock rising out of the middle of the stream and about a yard apart. Between them the water rushed with fearful rapidity. Hurried onward with headlong speed, the prow of tho boat was driven like a wedgu between the rocks. Tile shock, and a shout from Ernest Ha zoldine, roused tho sleeping girl, who awoke to the fact that she was fixed in the middle ot a rushing stream — a circumstance which caused her considorablymoreembarassment in that a gentleman was regardingher with a look in' which mirth and gravity struggled for the mastery. ' Can I bo of any assistance to you ?' he courteously inquired. ' I fear not' was the dubious response. Bewitchingly pretty she looked standing in the boat and striving with sweet confu sion to coax her hair into its proper posi tion. The attitude showed to full advan tage the rounded and graceful develop ment of her charming figure. Krnest thought as he regarded hor with iuch evident admiration that tht gray eyes drooped aud the blush on her fair cheek deepened. . Without hesitation, and before shs. had time to remonstrate, he stepped into the stream, the water rising above the waist. 1 1 think I can extricate .the boat,' he , said, wading towards its fair occupant. Exerting all his strength he struggled as well as the . arkwardness of the po sition and tho rush of the water would permit, to free the boat from its con finement but so firmly was it wedged be tween the rocks that all his efforts wore in vain. ' I fear there is no alternative. I must carry you to the bank.' Honestly perplexed he looked as he stood in the water, and she read the gen tlemanly consideration iu his eyes as he asked — ' Can you trust me ?' A little hesitation and then he heard a shy— ' I must.' Placing his strong arms around the fragile form, and lifting her with per fect ease, ho bore her safely to tho -bank; wondering who his precious charge could be. . 'Tt was very foolish of me to fall asleep. 1 fear I have effectually stopped your fishing.' ' I have had more success than I could have anticipated,' replied Ernest. Packing up his rod he prepared to accom pany her. She saw the intent and a deep blush bathed her face and neck, real dis tress and alarm supplanting the confi dence with which she had hitherto treated him. Ernest did not perceive it, and com menced to walk by her side in the direction from -which the boat c'ame. / '' ,-- In his ' anxiety not to embarrass her he was riot looking at the face by his side, or perhaps he would have wondered at its painful agitation. With every step this agitation increased until at length, as they came to a spot where the path diverged from the stream, she stopped. With distress written in every feature, the sweet blue eyes looking commiseratingly on his dripping figure, and glancing from it, as with apprehension, up tlie path, she offered him her hand, and spoke, in a sweet, low voice, broken and agitated from some strange cause, a few worda of hurried thanks. ' May I ask who is thanking me ?' queried the unfortunate Ernest, detaining the little white palm she had offered. A roguish gleam for ona instant flitted into'the upturned eyes,' a provoking smile playing round the -mouth as she answered : 1 No,- you may not.' ? . . ' Will you come to Bee ' about the welfare of-your boat tb-ihorrbw !'?'??' 1 Perhaps.' .';' V ' -- : The little hand was not released. Another apprehensive5 look- up the , path and then aha said— . ' ' ' ? -? 1 Yes/ 1 will come.' With hasty steps 'she departed; and as Erneet stood looking after her with a Btrange, warm glow at his heart, he saw a tall, masculine form meet her, offer an arm and .escort her in the direction she was going. . A shadow ? crossed the handsome, sunny face; so bright but five minutes sines, as he watched the greeting,- and turning on his heel ho strode in the direction of The Hall with conflicting feelings in his heart, CHAPTER III. Thfl declining sun, shedding rays of golden splendor over hill and dale, threw a red gleam into the dark, musty library of The Towers. . ..? . In his 'sanctum sanctorum' sat the baronet. A sunbeam played about his features, contrasting with strange incongruity with the weariness and dejection which rested on them, revealed the deep furrows stern Time, with that' most effective of all his chisels— care — had carved there. ' I confess, Dalzell, I do not like the busi ness. . Although Maud has consented to my wishes and suggestions in a manner which must to you be specially satisfac tory, and one which shows her apprecia tion of her duty to me, yet undue paternal influence is ? ' ' An unsatisfactory means to a satisfac tory end. I have intimated already, Tra vers, that your daughter's engagement can be effectually cancelled by repaying the few thousand you owe me. Useless recrimi nation will scarcely avail you, unless you have the means of settling my little ac count.' As he finished, the speaker emerged from the recess of the window in which he had been standing. *. Tall and bony, 'the angularity of his frame unrelieved by a tight-fitting cleri cal coat, showed in marked distinctness against the light which beamed iu at the window. There was a gleam of triumph in his eyes as he heard the troubled sigh of the bar onet. ' But come, let us join the ladies.' The baronet rose and silently followed his companion as he quitted the apartment. Crossing a spacious hall, Dalzell, with a manner almost suggestive of proprietor ship, entered the drawing-room. An air of comfort, ease, and luxury reigned here and throughout the home of Sir Richard Tra vers Richly furnished, almost lavishly magnificent iu the splendor of its appur tenances, everything was yet arranged with a delicate refinement which produced a harmonious effect. The Reverend Bagot Dalzell, thu incum bent of Bingley, was a man of considerable private wealth, and the. recipient of £800 per annum for ministering to the spiritual necessities of the people of his pastorate. :Rutriors liad-gona abroad' than, although he had, till tho age of thirty-five, avoided matrimonial snares, he had at last succum bed to the attraction of Lady Maud Travers only daughter of Sir Richard. He was dark, with hsavy features ; his lips wore an habitual smile of cynicism, his arrogant, self-important bearing marred a somewhat commanding appearance ; while the look of cunning in his eyes, whose color it was' difficult to determine, filled one with mistrust and repugnance.. Friendly with few, an enemy to be avoided, he was much sought after and petted by the surrounding gentry of Bing ley. ? Ho had advanced large sums of money to Sir Richard, whose lands were already heavily burdened by mortgages, and the impecuuiosity of the baronet enabled him, when he proposed for the hand of Lady Maud, to secure the father's influence and authority as a means to win her consent.' A sweet voice, singing to a harp accom paniment, greeted his ear as he entered. The baronet heard it also, as he lingered on the threshold listening with an expression of infinite love on his face. Only for. an. instant. The careworn face, with its brief smile of tenderness, was suddenly con tracted by a spasm of pain, and with a stifled groan he turned abruptly on his heel and sought the quietude of the bal cony which ran along the front of the house. As he paces to and fro with uneasy strides, looking over the so- called acres of the Travers family, he noticed a horseman riding at a leisurely trot up the broad avenue of lime trees. There was nothing unusual in such an appearance, for The Towers was' full of visitors, yet the action of the horse and the perfect seat of the rider attracted the criti cal gaze of tho baronet. 'By Georgo I it is the nag which that old rascal, Maltern, put- bid me for at Hensley sale, and if I mistake not it is Hazeldine on his back.' There was a cordial greeting as Ernest Hazeldine reined in his spirited steed. All aglow with exercise, his close-fitting riding suit showing to advantage the strength and symmetry of his figure, his eyes lighted up with the excitement of the ride, he looked a remarkably handsome nun. A groom led the horse to the stables and then the baronet piloted the way into the house. Maud was still singing as Irnest was presented to Lady Travers. 'Toil are welcome at The Towers, Mr Hazeldine. As the friend of my brave boy, I am more than pleased to see you.' There was a tremulousness of voice and a quivering of the lips as the kind face looked with motherly. regard on the''friend of her brave boy.' For the only son of Lady Travers, a lieutenant in the army serving in Afghanistan, had been reported 'missing' in the list of killed and wounded after an engagement, and now, after a lapse of six months, no tidings having been heard of him, the sorrowful conviction had forced itself upon her that the brave lad had died nobly lighting for his country and his queen. ' Mr Bagot Dalzell — Mr Hazeldine.' A supercilious elevating of the eye-brows on the port of the elder gentleman. A very stiff bow from Ernest. The music had suddenly ceased, the mu sician evidently becoming aware of the proximity of a stranger. 'Maud, my child, come to me. This., ia Mr Hazeldine, Dick's friend. ?? My daughter — Mr Hazeldine.' \ The sweet face bowed longer than con ventionality demanded— was flushed with confusion— nor was the girl's emjtiarassment lessened by' the tender, half-laughing face, of ' Ernest/ aB he recognised the'1 Elaine 'of the morning's adventure. ' The guests, fortunately, had passed through the open casements to the lawn, followed by Sir Richard and his wife, leaving Maud with Ernest to bring up the rear. ' I fear, Mr Hazeldine, you thought, me very ungrateful ? ' ' Very, Miss Travers. I was unprepared for the startling though 'agreeable revela tion. ' Elaine '' should have confessed who she was this morning ; yet, I trust she has sustained no harm from her extraordinary escapade, and that she is not very alarmed at my advent.' 'Nay, do not laugh at me, Mr Hazeldine. You startled me very much, and I must have my revenge. I challenge you to op pose me at ' tennis.' ' ' T accept the challenge, with pleasure. It was a delightful evening-. Nothing was needed to enhance the pleasure of those who participated in the game, while to those who were old enough to prefer a seat iu the shade, the graceful movements of the figures, the intermingling of bright costumes, and the merry laugh at the non success of some energetic effort to reach a ball, formed a tout ensemble of happy, in nocent enjoyment. Yet, among the people who stood apart was the Rev. Bagot Dalzell, watching the game with no amiable expression of feature. Although he saw that Maud and Ernest were enemies, the spirited contest between them seemingly afforded him little satisfac tion. With lowering brows he watched the game to its close, and the frown deepened as ho heard — ' Mr Hazeldine, I have beaten you.1 'ft is a very pleasurable experience, Miss Travers.' Maud caught the sadonic expression of Dalzell's face as he heard the repartee,' and the merry, joyous features suddenly paled and from the lips the bright smile died away. ' You are feeling chilly. May I bring you a shawl?' inquired Ernest, noticing the sudden gravity, ' Thank you, no. We will return to the house.' It was npidly growing dark, and the playera separated to dress for dinner, to re-assemble however at the hospitable board of the baronet. The fare was choice, the wines wure perfect, yet unusual quietude prevailed. Conversation flagged. Thore was an unusual lack of witticism and happy badinage— a cloud seem to rest upon the com pany. The voice of the Rev. Bagot Dalzell, with a self-opinionated ring 'about it, was plainly audible, producing a depressing influence on thoso around. Specially obnoxious did he make him self to Urnest, apparently with mali cious prepense. Egotistical and arro gant to a degree, Dalzell's supercil iousness occasionally irade the hot blood ris« to Kmest's fnce when some special asi-umption of superiority bordered on inso lence. Dinner, at last over, the ladies retired to the drawing-room, while the gentlemen lin gered over their wine. Krnest joined Sir Richard on the bal cony. ' i)o you smoke, Hazeldine ? I havo some choice Havanns here.' '.Thanks. What a lovelynightit is.and— listen !' ' , Through the open windows above them came the soft, ravishing notes of a violin, accompanied by a harp, playing the opening bars of some delicious production of the old 1 masters. «»«. g The two men stood in silence, while f. the night air was flooded with sweetest Y harmony. The silence was broken by the baronet. , J ' We shall be sorry to lose her.' 'To lose her, Sir Richard !' was the aston ished ejaculation. ' Yes. : Have you not hoard of her ericaize ment ?' - . B B A moment or two of silence, in which the character of tho music overhead changed. A wail of passionate feeling rising with ' strange agitation higher and higher. Then a' hoarse voice said — ' I have not. Who is the fortunateindivi dual ? ' BagotDalzell. Shomarriesintwomonths time. The storm of music is over. Subsiding with sobs and sighs, it came through the evening air with a wonderful pathos and died with sweet, pathetic notes as though expressing sympathy for a brave heart on the balcony, and a white drawn face full of pain. CHAPTER IV. 'Bruce! Come here! Take up your po sition exactly in front of me, aud listen to what.I have to sayl' It was the morning following the tennis party. Seated, on the- bank of the trout stream was Ernest Hazeldine, addressing his doir with mock gravity. The dog obedient to the command, had placed himself in the desired position, and was regarding his master with praiseworthy attention. ? 'This, sir, is the scene of the disaster.' The dog's mouth suddenly opened, and a bright red tongue protruded, while his tail maintained steady oscilation. 'The lady would not tell me. her name, but she promised to look after the welfare of her boat to-day.' Whether the dog appreciated his master's meaning cannot be determined, but one ear was suddenly uplifted, imparting to his face such : a peculiar questioning look the risible faculties of the speaker were upset. ' ? .'??'''? . 'Why did I come here? Also to look after the boat, of course.' Implicitly confident that the explanation was the right one, the do^ resumed his look of intelligence and attention. ' But you need not anticipate her coming. I have met her since, and I think it impro bable she will trouble about the fate of the craft which treated her so ungallahtly, or think of a promise made to me under com pulsion.' The speaker* looking through the opening in the trees as he spoke, gazed long and, earnestly at the clustering columns of The ,Towers. The dog judging from the fit of abstrac tion that the interview was concluded, marched away. - At the same time a maiden, wandering among the labyrinthine flower-beds at The Tawers, was meditating. ' He will not be by the brook to-day as he was here , last night. Why did he leave io.,-, suddenly, 1 wonder? Papa, tod, looked very grave when ho came in. Yet I must go I suppose— he made me pro mise.' Maud finished her soliloquy with a. merry laugh as she recalled the adven ture of the previous day, and entered the house, to reappear shortly after attirsd for a walk. As she wended her way with light, graceful steps, by the brooklet, toward the icene of the mishap, a cold nosu was pushed into the bare white hand at her side, and a huge black head caused her to scream invol untarily. She was reassured by honest, loving eyes and demonstrations of delight, as Bruce walked by her side, occasionally lifting his ;head for the carrees which she did not hesitate to give, wondering who his master could be. There was no need to wonder long for as they rounded tho corner of the path they met him towing the boat uj- the stream. It was a very simple good-morning and yet there were tell-tale blushes on the girl's cheek and Ernest was conscious that his heart beat quickly. There could be no mistaking the light in his eyes as he held the little hand within his own for one brief instant. Wandering do wn the green, mossy path way they forgot the boat, the object o£ their mission. Diverted by the witty sallies of her friend, the fear which had dis tressed Maud the previous day was dispelled as in happy abandonment she walkded by Ernest's side. The '-road-briinmed straw hat, taken, from h-f head, and swung to and fro inher hand, was filled with the field flowers they had stayed to gather by the way. He had just culled some forget-me-nots from a difficult nook where she could nob reach them, and had laughingly demanded a bouquet for his services. Standing on. tip-to« to reach the button hole in which he pet tioned to have them, put, with merry badinage she tried to meet the eyes looking earnestly into her face ; but she was not prepared for the depth of tenderness she found in them, and she feared to recognise the strange agitation and glow in her own heart, or to interpret the trembling of her fingers as they strove to fasten the flowers. A harsh, dissonant voice broke the spell ; something resembling distant thunder was. heard through the trees. 'Got out.you brute.' More thuuder. Evidently Bruce was stopping the progress of some intruder. 'It is Mr Dalzell. Good-bye.' Ernest had hardly divined her intention when she disappeared behind the trees, wild flowers marking the way of her retreat. Ominous sounds were proceeding from a-head, when a commanding' ' Come here, sir!' from Ernest, brought Bruce to his feet. At the same time appeared the Rev Bagot Dalxell in a towering rage. ' 1 will have that dog shot! I demand that you muzzle him at once ! Ho is dan gerous.' , And, indeed, he lookod dangerous. Al though crouching at Ernest's feet' two ? pearly rows of fangs were disclosed, and low, fierce growls expressed how wil lingly he would bury them .'in DalseU'a throat, .' '' . :.-.!'-. ' A severe blow from the stick the. clergy man carried hod completely closed his left eye.but the. remaining orb gleamed '-with, . fierce rage upon his assailant, . . . * I shall suggest, sir, that you make a rapid retreat,' said Ernest, in suppressed anger, ? or you may repent bitting him.' For once in his life Datzell had met his taatcti. He quailed before- the three oyos regarding him with honest anger, and an other deep, suggestive growl from Bruce settled the matter. With a look of malignant haired he has tened down the pathway strewed with wild flowers. 'Good Bruce, go -uid take care of her.' The dog dashed past the retreating clergy man, and too* up his position by the side ' of a fragile girl, who wondered at the dis figured face and why the Kev. Bagot Dal zell did not overtake her as she hurried homeward. : * * » * It was eventide. The bells of the little church of Bingley were summoning the villagers to worship. Toil-worn men and women, lads and lasses in the bloom and beauty of youth, old men whose silvered hair and tottering steps indicated that they were not far from the great transition to another world, were hurrying to evensong. Weeks had passed by, and Ernest, on this, ilie last day of hig stay, entered Dal zell's church. He had hoped to declare by his presence that he bore no malice, but Dalzell was away, a neighboring minister officiating in his stead. Alone, in the large oak pew of the Travers family, sat Maud, whom Ernest had Bteadily avoided since the contretemps by he brooksido. The pure, spirituolle face, pale and uulike the JIaud of two months ago, was bowed in devotion. All the gladness which once ir radiated the features had departed, leaving a sadness and dejection which to him were unaccountable. Only once were her eyes lifted during the service, and they were suffused with tears; He was kneeling almost opposite her, and as her eyes, attracted by the subtle fascina tion of his gazs, met his, every nerve thrilled in his frame; his heart seemed bursting with its great love. Perhaps it had not been kind to a-roid her thus. lie thought there was reproach in those sweet eyes. A great yearning to comfort her in her trouble ontered into his soul ; but she had given her heart to another, to whom alone belonged the right to shield and protect her, and she was hardly a friend. It was a simple service. The quietude of the evening was typical of eternal rest and peace, as, with the benediction of the aged minister resting upon them, the congrega tion slowly dispersed. Ernest overtook Maud at the little gate at the end of the pathway, and with. grave politeness raised liis hat. ' Have you no escort, Miss Travers T Will you allow me to accompany you ?' The sweet face was not lifted as she replied: — 'I am alone, but do not let me trouble you, Mr Haseldine. 1 assure you I. am not afraid.' : - '?I need no assurance of your courage, Itis3 Travers, yet, if you do not'' forbid me the pleasure, I will inflct my company upon you.' ' Thank you.' He'held the wicket open for her to pass through, Side by side they walked along tho shaded footpath leading to The '.Towers. The moon had risen just' over the hills, and her silvery beomB fell athwart tho beaten track. ? ? ? ? It was a dangerous [night for those two hearts, each trying to keep it« own secret. A painful silence had come upon them, which each feared to break: The lights of The Towers were getting very near.- At the last stile, ere he helped her to climb to the top bar, he gently de tained her, holdmg her hands. The features he loved so well could not be hidden now, yet her eyes were averted from the handsome face earnestly regard ing her. ' Have I offended you, Miss TraTers V No reply. 'I return. to town- to-morrow. Tou will grant me forgiveness before I go ?' It was cruel to keep her standing there. Ominous signs proceeded from the quiver ing lips of approaching teats, while the white face was turned to him in mute ap peal. Still he did not let her go. ' Tou have not answered me.' ' I have nothing to forgive.' 'You. will let me congratulate you and wish you much joy in the future, Miss Travers?' There was only a choking sob. How his heart bled for her I Prudence was almost forgotten — honor almost over come by his great love. 'Maud, will you not tell me your trouble ?' ' I cannot. This is very foolish of me. Let me go. Good-bye.' There was a wild bitterness in his heart as-he raised the proffered hand to his lips. With straining eyes ho watched the retreat ing figure till it was lost in the darkness ; then' with a heavy heart he found his way back to the hall. CHAPTER V. ' Hush ! Oh I Mary— tread lightly. Have you taken the key from the door ?' 'Yes, miss.' 4 Open the casement gently, then. What was that?'. . ' Only the creaking of the lunge, miss. Ugh! how dark!' ' All the better for my purpose. You aro sure John will be waiting by the lodge gates ?' ' He promised mo faithfully to be there, Miss Maud, and he never broke his word to me yet. Are you not afra'd to venture down the avenue alone ?' ' I would brave a thousand deaths, Mary, to escape to-night. Be faithful to me and God will reward your fidelity. Lock the door, from the inside and retire to rost. Good-bye.' .' Good-bye, dear Miss Maud.' A figure, closely muffled, emerged from one of the ground casements of The Towers, aud with swift, noiseless steps wended its way undei the lime-trees. Only once did it stay to gaze long and earnestly, as though taking a last loving farewell of the indistinct mass just perceptible m the darkness. Then the girl resumed her hur ? ried walk with something like a sob. Reaching the end of the avenue she un locked the gate of the lesser lodge and passed through into the high road. ? ' Is it you, miss ?' inquired a deep voice iy her irnae. ? ? 'Yes, my good John. Where is the car riage?' 'Hard by, miss.' As she esconced herself in the close car riage to which he directed her, John mounted the driving-seat. ' Drive quickly, we have not much time. ' On the still air of the night preceding tho marriage of Miss Maud Tr&vari; with tile Rev. Bugot Dalzell was suddenly heard the roll of wheels, as a close carringo driven at a rapid rate hurried along the country road. Onward it went with unchecked speed, until it neared the red and green lights of some small railway station, when a head was protrudod and a sweet voice ex claimed — 'You had better stop here, John. It will be imprudent to drive too near.' Having drawn up the carriage by the sido of the road, he helped her to alight, and Maud, drawing the shawl closer round her head, hurried towards the platform of the station. Only just in time for the night express came thundering in almost immediately. Amid the bustle and scurry which usually attended its arrival, a tall, military looking stranger descended and began to look for his luggage. 1 By y'r leave, sir.1 The stranger took one pace to his rear to avoid the hand- truck a porter was trund ling along the platform, and placed his heel on the dainty foot of a lady imme diately behind him, almost crushing it. No exclamation of pain proceeded from her, but the white, set lips of the partially concealed face denoted the agony she was suffering: 'A thousand apologies for my clumsi ness,' exclaimed thu gentleman, turning suddenly, round, ' I fear 1 havj) hurt you.' ' Do not apologise. It is nothing,' was the response, in a low voice. Indirect contradiction to her assertion she limped towards the train. ' Let me assist you.' Very patiently, and with gentlemanly consideration the stranger conducted her to a first-class carriage. Something in his voice and manner strangely agitated the lady, whom he felt was peering hard at hini, but she was very timid, and the light from the station lamps wns not sufficient to reveal his features. 'Stand clear there, sir! All right!' As with banging of doors and a scream the train left the platform, the military gentleman, his curiosity aroused, walked to the ticket box. ? ' ' ' CleVk, a lady passenger, closely wrapped, travelled by this train ?' ' Yes, sir.' ' Whore did she book for ?' 'Did you notice what 'class' she travelled, sir ?' ' .First.' ' One nret-class, single fare, Ashley.' ' Thank you.' Into the dark night he went, stepping at a brisk rate along the high road leading to Bingley. It was a long walk, yet the pedestrian in a little over two hours reached the lodge gates o£ The Towers. ' I' must 'ring the fellows up, I suppose. Hallo'! Whit the' deuce does this, mean? This gamekeeper is a careless fellow !' ; One of the lesser gates yielded to his ? touch. Noiselessly closing it he hurried along the avenue, as though familiar with the ground. ' , 'Old Stiggings used to sleep in the west wing of the house ; I wonder if that is his dormitory now ? However, here goes !' The effect of a shower of gravel against the window-panes over-heard was instan taneous. A head adorned with marvellous headgear was at once protruded, and a voice exclaimed — 1 Who's there ?' ' Richard TraTers,' replied «. deep voice. ' Come down at once, Stiggings, and come quietly.' The head abruptly dieappeared, and the owner, ill satisfied at being roused at such an unseemly hour, lighting a lamp trudged downstairs. Softly unfastening the bolts the front door swung easily open on its Mnges. In stead, however, of the silvered hair and portly figure of the baronet a young fellow strode into the hall. ' Mur ? ' In an instant an hand was clapped over the butler's mouth, while & low voice exclaimed — ' Don't be an idiot, Stiggings ! Do you not know me?' There was something too tangible about the hand over the butler's mouth, or he would have believed he saw a ghost. As it was, so startled was he that tho lamp dropped from his hand, leaving thorn in utter darkness. ' Good heavens, Mr Eichard I is it you, sir ?' 'Hush! you will rouae the house. Ee fasten that door and come into the library.' With shaking hands the eld servant proceeded to reshoot the bolt*. Then pick ing up the lamp with trembling eagerness, hs hastened to the library. ' How are my mother and father, StiggJng.s ?' ' Not what they used to be, sir, afore they concluded as how you was dead.' ' Dead ! What do you mean ? Have they not heard from me ?' ' Not a word, sir ; and Miss Maud marries to-morrow, sir— leastwise to-day.' ' Maud ! Whom ?' ' Parson Dalzell, sir, more's the pity axing your pardon, sir.' 'Bagot Dalzell I Stiggings, where can I sleep ?' ? The.bluo chamber is empty, sir. ' That will do excellently. Let no one know of my arrival. What time do we breakfast?' . ' At eight, sir.' 'Then good-night. I shall want' some shaving water.' Noiselessly he found his way to his bed room, leaving the butler ejaculating — 'He was always that cool, but this beats all.' Silence reigned in The Towers. * » * * * It was the morning of the wedding. Sir Richard Travers paced the breakfast-room, six paces forward and six back, turning on his heels with persistent regularity. He had aged much in appearance during the last few days. The lines on his face were deeper, the furrows on his brow more decided. He halted at length by the window. Breakfast was partially spread, and as the door opened he thought a servant entered and heeded it not. A hand was laid on his shoulder. 'Father!' Swiftly the baronet turned. ' My dear boy !' Who shall tell the ecstasy of joy which flooded the parent's heart, the light irradi ating tho careworn face, the blissful reunion with ' the son who was dead and in alive again?' ' Break it gently to my mother !' With trembling haste the baronet sought his wife. 'Agnes, a great joy has come us I' ' We shall lose one to-day, Richard !' ' Dick is not dead !' She did not faint, only a great thankful ness crep'. into the mother's face, and tho quiet sorrow left the kindly eyed. ' Aro you sure, dear ?' 'Certain!' wus the jubilant response. ' Here he is, ask him'! » It was an affecting scene. Sir Richard walked from thu room, leaving mother nnd son locked in each other's urins in u close embrace. 'Mary! ' Yes,' Sir Richard,' answered a bright little maid. 'Tell Miss Maud to come here at once. Blithely the lassie departed on her mission, returning with a look of well-, stimulated alarm. , ' ' I have rapped at Miss Maud's door and have tried it, but have got no answer, Sir Richard.' Qnickly the father and son dashed up thu stairs. ' Rap —rap — rap ! Maud !' No answering sound was heard. Vaguely alarmed the younger gentleman seized thu door and, exerting all his strength, burst in. No Maud. Every evidence of a depart ure—an open letter asking for forgiveness. 1 Mr Bagot Dalzell.' All was consternation at Tho Towers as the clergyman was announced. ' I will see him,' said Dick, abruptly. ' Good-morning, Dalzell I' ' Why— Travers ! I thought you were dead 1' 'I have disappointed you, I fear. The wedding will have to be postponed. My sister cannot see you this morning.' More cadaverous looked the clergyman's face, while the green glare of his eyes told of suppressed fury. ' ' Cannot see me ! Why ?' ' She has run away !' Quietly the words were spoken. For one instant Dalzell sat aghast ere, rising with a voice hoarse with anger, he. said — 'Then I wash my hands of the whole affair. I cancel my engagement, demand ing at the same time immediate redemption of the I 0 U's which I hold.' 'The first part of your generos intimation,' sarcastically replied Dick, ' I will endeavor to communicate to my sister, your con siderate loan shall be redeemed by this post. Good- morning.' With freezing politeness ..he bowed the clergyman from the room. ?? Impotent rage was stamped on the Rev. Bagot's counten ance, for right well he knew that with Dick's advent a [large- amount of property returned to the Dalzell family._ i There were conflicting elements of joy and sorrow in the house — joy 'for the returned one— sorrow for the missing., . ' Completely mystified, the baronet's sus picious rested, upon Ernest, .and, acting upon impulse he suddenly started for that gentleman's London, office; ? : .? r- ? Dick was standing on the steps of The Towers as the baronet departed,' and he looked in no wiie discomposed by the latest theory concerning the disappearance. ' You will ask Hazeldine to stay with us for a time, sir ?' . But not a muscle relaxed in the baronet's face, nor did he vouchsafe an answer to the laughing remark of his son. For a time Dick was lost in thought. 'It might have been her. Ashley! Ashley! Why, I seem to know the place. Stiggings !' ' ' Tes, sir. Coming, sir.' ' Do you know a place by' the name sf Ashley'?' ' Why, bless you, sir, as well as I know myself. My sister, as nursed you and Miss Maud, and was servant here for fifteen years, lives there. Why, sir, now I comes to think, you and Miss Maud went to stay there years agone.' 'Order the dog-cart at once,' was the most irrelevant command. Merrily rattled the dog-cart along the high road to the station, and soon Dick was bowling along the line leading to Ashley. Just as the evening shadows began to fall he stopped at the door of a picturesque littlo cottage, The middle-aged woman who answered his rap instantly recognised him. ' Is she here, nurse f ' Yes, sir. Step in here, sir.' ' Do not tell her J have come, but send her in for something.' The gray light of the evening came through the white curtains of the little room. Silently the traveller sat — patiently waiting. At length the door opened. ' Well, little runaway I' ' Oh, my darling Dick ! My dear, dear brother.' Sobbing as though her heart would break she leaned on Mb ureast. Gently soothing her, as he might have soothed a child, he waited until the wild storm of weeping subsided. The interview between brother and sister was a long one. ' Just one thing more, Maud ; Mr Bagot Dalzell desires me to intimate that he breaks of! the engagement entirely..' The terrible strain had been too much for her. She had fainted. CHAPTER VI. Ernest Hazeldine was seated in his office in London. Hot and uncomfortable, he had not done a stroke of work satisfactorily, and a settled gloom had fallen upon his handsome face. ' Well, I suppose it is settled now. I hope she will be happy.' Some parchment deeds -were spread open on the desk pefore him, but the soliloquy did not seem to have special connection with him. ' Gentleman wishes to see you, sir.' ' Show him in.' ' S ir Richard Travers !' Utter amazement was written on every lineament of Ernest's face. The baronet had assumed a look of austerity, yet he was somewhat taken aback by the honest surprise with which Hazeldine regarded him. No trace of guilt was in the honest, open countenance, no flinching in the eyes which met his. ' Hazeldine, where is my daughter ?' With sheer perplexity and astonishment, Ernest regarded tho baronet, while his lips slowly ejaculated r ' Your daughter ?' i It ill becomes you, sir, to assume an air of amazement. One would think it suffi cient for any man to enjole a virtuous girl from her home and parents in the dead of the night, without playing the hyp.ocrite or Becking by subterfuge to ? ' ' Silence, Sir Richard I Whatever may be the unfortunate catnstroplio which hns bofullen your daughter, 1 assure you I nm ignorant of thfi affair.' The steiidy determinntion of the young voice, the integrity written on every fea ture, staggered the violent baronet, and llnally convinced him. Taking thu seat offered him and wiping Hie perspiration from his brow, he told Ernest the whole story, commencing with Dick's return and Maud's disappearance. ' Was this marriuge obnoxious to her, Sir Richard ?' ' H, was imperative.' ' Most probably she has taken refuge with some of her friends.' ' We will hope for thu best. Now, Hazel dine, I have to ask you, from Dick, to stay with us for a month'.' ' But, Sir Richard ? ' ,' ' Nay, no buts, lad, you will come.' * # * * A month passed by. Major Travers returned from Ashley with welcome intelligence. A quiet interview with tho baronet succeeded, and Maud, for given, was restored to home and love. She had beon ill, but the joy of meeting her brother, the loving attention, and above all the removal ot care from the young life, wore rapidly restoring her strength. .Ernest was still staying at the Towers, for lie and Dick were linn friends. Indeed everybody liked the good-humored young lawyer, as everybody's manner declared. No, not everybody, Maud had become very shy and reserved to him. Yet was there ever when he came near a soft light in the averted eyes and a warm suffusion of dam ask cheeks which told of some strong emo tion. 'Eanest, ray boy, come here,' called a voice from the conservatory. ' Yes, Sir Richard.' ' What do you think of these plants ?' 'Lovely. But I want just a word with you.' ' I am at your service, Ernest.' 'I love your daughter, sir, and ? ' ' I will have nothing more to do with these love affairs; have you spoken to Maud ?' ' No, sir.' ' Then I leave it to her discretion.' * * ?» * Seated by an open window, with some crewel work in her hand, sat Maud Travers. The bloom and beauty of health had re turned to her cheek, and she looked very lovely in the light of the setting sun. But the light was falling, and the girl sat in a reverie, gazing over tho hills with a soft, glad joy in the sweet eyes. Evi dently her dream was a very happy one, for a smile played round her lips, when a step was heard on the balcony, and the work was instantly resumed. ' How industrious we are. It is too late to work longer, Miss Travers, and the sun set is lovely. Will you riot come and see it.?' . ? , ? ' With pleasure,' was the soft, tremulous response. Side by side they wandered down the avenue of lime-trees, coming at length to a stile. Gently assisting her over they tra versed the pathway,' perfectly happy in each other's presence. ' Th(- bfiatifcv of our nonnf rv makes one feoljvery glad, Mr Hazeldine.' 1 It wan very beautiful five weeks since, Miss Travers, ond yet one was unaccount ably sad.' A provoking sun-bonnet hid the face his mirthful eyes desired to see. : ' You must not remind me of those days, they are inexpressibly painful to me. I only desire to forget them.' ' And the boating excursion ?' Again the sun-bonnet protruded itself. Placing himself so as to stop her further advance along the pathway, he gently re moved the objectionable hat, and his hand some face was bent down close to the un covered head as he whispered — ' Must all be forgotten ?' ' Forgetfulness is not imperative,' was tho coy response. ' Then will you tell me why you were so sad on that last evening of my stay ?' ' You know.' ' H»s all the sadness gone ?' ' Yes.' The pleading eyes were raised to his. ' Do not ask mo any more.' ' Only one more question,' he tenderly re plied. ' Will you answer it ?' ' If I can.' The sweat, shy eyes had drooped, and the head was bowed. Something told her as he took possession of her hands what that one question would be, and she feared lest he should discover her secret. 'Maud, do you love me ?' 'Yes.' No one but Ernest could have heard the tremulous whisper, and he sealed the con fession with a kiss. Folding her in his arms in one long embrace, oblivious to all but tho bliss of having won tho love of the sweet girl who had promised to be his wife he was quite unaware that n gentleman in clerical garb stood a silent spectator of the scene. Slowly they wended their way back to The Towers, the pure, happy face by Ern est's side raised to his in loving confidence. ' And you will not run away, my dar liiiR ?. The only response was a provoking pout, which had to be kissed away, and a soft pressure of her arm assured him he had nothing to fear. # * ♦ * Tho golden leaves of autumn were robing the trees in a foliage ot gold when a wed ding was polemnized in the little church of Bingley. Ab Ernest, led liis bride from thn church, Squire Mnlfern, with his rubicund, jovial faco beaming with pleasure, met Sir Rich avd Travers in the porch. For an in«tant they hesitated, then, grasping each other by the hand, abandoned lor ever the old feud of ' right of way.' The families of The Towers and Tho Hall were once more reunited, and tho union, in the years which followed, was rich in love and happiness. Native. Editor — ' You say you wish this poem to appear in my paper anonymously?' Woulfl-he Contributor — ' Yes ; 1 don't want any name to it.' ' Then 1 can't publish it.' ' Why not ?' ' Because 1 am conscientious about this matter, I don't want an unjust suspicion to fall upon some innocent per son.' 