FOLIdE :COT'RT PRACTICE. SOm very startling statements are some tines made in the courts of .potty sessioris by solicitors.. They are 6f'coursein6truicted by their clients, and the 'man who leads off makes assertiose in Iopcning, his 'case ,which assertions'he teils;ete hebch lie'will be able to prove-whirch would.Fonvince.a casual attender? that ithere ,was not the; ghost of a sho'w-for' he other side. Cross examination, howrever, frequently muitilates the pretty story so much that it isscarcely recognisable,. and by' the' time that the' defending counsel has exainiiicd his wit nesses,.it is often found that the opposing. statements are .of such great 'weight, that' there, is nothing for 'the bhenci 'to 'do buit dismiss the case withodut costs'- A case of the sort was heard at the St. Kilda ccurt' ?st' week, wlien two" respectable'.lob ing' men were charged with '- iisulting be haviour," and with trespassing on Mr.' Axnacw Rown 'e premiers at'Elstrnwick.i The chnarge of. insulting behaviour could not be shown to have occurred, but the case as stated byMif. SYNiiEY STErnIEN, who appeared for the prosecution, was t,. theo. effect, that .Mr. 1Iowiva's son J?Ti?Es, aged 14, being in the ga?den, heisrd cries ?f "murder" from a boy running dowir the Glen. Huntly-road towards the race course, and followed .by a dog and two men. The lad watched ulitil he saw the dog catch the boy and the men begini to throttle him. Ho .then called Mr. RowAX'S coachman, and the latter and Mr. RonWAN' son ran to the road. They found the boy. speechless in the hands of the men, his tongue hanging. oit, and his face being black' he coachman, seeing the boy was being strangled, struck one of tiid men with his fist, and :knocked him down. The man's mate thereupon picked up - stone, but before he could use it the coach man knocked him down also.. The boy, as soon as he was i-eleased;:and brought to by his collar being thrown open, ran away, and unfortunately his name is.not known. Mr. RowAn's gardener had by this time come to the assistance of the coachman, upon seeing which tle.men who had ill treated.the boy.went away. Very shortly afterwards; however, theyreturned to Mr. Rownc's promises, bringing wvith them three .ompanions. They. used most abominable language, and threatened to -murder.the coachman and gardener. Mrs. RowANr, hearing the noise, came into a balcony overlookimg the yard, and ordered the men away. On their declining to go, she sent for the police, who, on arrival, also ordered the men to leave the premises. This. however, they refused to do, declar ing they would be revenged on the' coach man and gardener. The police then set about effecting the arrest- of. the inter lopers,- which they succeeded in doingas regards the two men who were originally ill-treating the boy, but only after a- pro tracted:struggle.' Mr. WILLIAS. -who ap peared to defend the accused, had all wit nesses 'ordered:out of court before the opening statement was concluded, and the first witness called to prove the allegations said the boy's face a as very.white when he first saw *him.. By cross-examiDn tion of the -witnesses 'for the prose. u'tion, and by- examining :the witnesses for the defence, Mr. W'VILr.is, com pletely dissipated the horrible story of brutality recounted by MR SYDNEYI -TEPHEnx, and the ferocious dog that caught the boy, the ebon face, the strangu ' lation and the brutal beating all vanished like a dream. The defence was a very plausiblo one, and was to the effect that the two mer who were utter strangers to eacn otner ana tnougn near each other were.not in company, were startled by a shower of stones from MR RowAN's pad dock. One stone struck one of the men on the forehead, and another stone struck a horse that he was leading; with the result that the horse broke away' aid could not be caught. Both. prisoners swore positively that MASTr Ro WAN- was amongst the boys who threw, the stones, and that when the horse broke away, he' was dancing about in the paddock laugh ing at the fun. They further stated that the stones which one of them had were stones that had been thrown at them, and that they went on Min RowAn's property solely to make a complaint of the conduct: of the boys, and to show a sample of the stones they were throwing. After up wards of an hour had been spent in hear ing both sides of the case, it was dis missed. This matter has only been referred' to as an example of the ]kind of cases that are frequently heard at police courts, and to show the tax thatis imposed upon the' time of the honorary magistrates, who for the honor and glory of. dispensing justice frequently give up an whole forenoon in adjudicating upon the cases brought before them. 