TOMMY ROUGH AT THE THEATRE. f Ab confided to Hooh Kaltptos ] Seems to me as I was took in over the j " Lady of Lione," seeing as how there weren't no lions at the Theayter when I went, lgets np in the gallery among the gods, and I sez, "This 'ere lady as they o&Us; Pauline the Lady of Lione—only they epells it with a' y* —she's a tamer of wild beasteses, I sezbat wot does I see 7 Why, a cove as said he were a gardener's son; bat never dressed like no gardener I ever see, a chyaoking aronnd, | sponting poekry abont marble palliases— meanin' the Qovernor'a np to Marble HilL Well, he flourishes aronnd in a milishy j nnifoim, and the lady, she has a row with dim, and then they gets to magging each other; bnt ' there ■ weren't no lions, j and the cove at the door, he j wouldn't give me my sixpsnts back, i Well, I noeB agin when " H&mlick;" was on, a tragedy they calls it, by Willyam Shtks I peare, him aa is always agoing ronni (he cabs inipectink of 'em and collaring dogs to hill wot aint got no collars on. Well, it seems to me it was well wrote, better's he writes them inflamations that old Beddome dismisses. There wern't no lions in this neither, bnt there was a Rhost, leastways he said he were, and he said he were 'Amlick's father, and 'Amlick-he ent np rongh and went on jest like that oove Coopo when he'd "got 'em agin." It seemed a ram go altogether. Far as I could make out 'Amlick's nncle caught the old man asleep or drunk in the garding and poured some lioker (whisky I expect) into .his earhole, and the old man went off his hook. Then 'Amlick's nncle married bis mother, and they went into the king bnsiness. They never buried the old man proper, and he went prowling around at nights risking being took np by a bobby for having no wisible means of support. Seemed to me he was a pretty solid sort o' ghost, for he shook the boards when he glided past, though he was all blue fireworkB and white ehalk. I couldn't get the whole hang of it, for 'Amlick he bullyragged his mother; told his best girl to go to flammery, and when she drownded herself in the dam he shaped up to her brother and wanted to punoh his 'ed. Things got pretty lively then. The two coves had a go at each other with swords, whioh they ehoved into eaoh other In tnrn. The Qneen drank something wot disagreed with her, and the King hollered for the Coroner; then 'Amliok resnreote hisaelf, and goes and shoves into the King, who'd drawed hie sword bnt never used it, and we don't see no more of the ghost, so I suppose he was' satisfied, bnt for me I'd a bloomin' sight more see a circuB. What a deal of nantical talent comes out in the community after a wreok. In fact, this is a community of Admirable Crichtons—the people know everything. No Booner do we have a bit of a bungle with the Defence Foroe when straightway np springs a hoBt of advisers of the told-yon-so sort, and every one of them seemed to know more than a full Field Marshal. Let a wreok ooour, and the amount of nantioal talent lying aronnd dor mant is exhibited to ue. Advice is generously given free gratis for nothing, the most wonderfully ingenious ideas are promul gated, and it is really a wonder more than one mistake ever occurs after such a lavish display of infallible resources. Britannia roleB the waves, it is said, bnt here we have scores of people who can give Britannia points and beat her. Some of [oar advisers are quite equal to teaching a whale to swim or an oyster how to keep his mouth shut, although they cannot close their own. It is not often one hears a Chinaman and a blackfeiiow in conversation, but an amusing inBtanoe oonrred the other day in a country town. The native wanted eome tobacoo, and aBked John for some, who handed him a stick. The native, who had been in the habit of getting his emoke free of cost, walked off with an approving grin of thanks. John pnrsned him witha request for payment. Native—"No fear; me no pay for baoey. Whitefella always give blaokfellow baeoa, and no ask for white money. What for yella fella want white money for bacoyt" John made him understand that he never gave any thing for nothing. So Jimmy said he wonld pay him another day; bnt John would not give credit and made the native disgorge the tobacco, much to Jimmy's disgnBt. Some ladies and children were taking a walk recently near where some men were firing at a target. The ladieB were remarking as they heard a bullet cause the bulls-eye to Hog. " There is another bulls-eye or " they have hit the balls- eye again." A little girl of the party had been gazing ahont her for some time, evidently looking for something, and at last addressing her mother en qniringly, said—" Mother 1 where are the bulls t" 