BONNIBEL. CHAPTER I. "IT's a girl," said Roden, laying a wager with himself. "No; it's a boy. Hanged if it isn't a girl i " He took his short briar wood' ipi'efrom his mouth, knocked out its contents against the side of the waggon, and pocketed it. The time of the year was Christmas, the s`eeeon a country road in Virginia, and it wais'drizzling a thick Scotch drizzle, abet toed by a lusty east wind. Even the branches of the straggling locust-trees that lined the red road seemed clogged with it. It. hung in folds upon the sides of the mountains, and was blown in masses be. tweeon the clefts of the rolling meadows. Roden was not only a now arrival in Virginia, but in America, and the impres sion made upon him bad not, to speak very moderately, been favourable. Coming from Washington, some one in the train asked him if it did not remind him of England. He had answered with some curtness that it did not, demanding at the same time why he should be particularly reminded of England by the state of the weather in Virginia. His inter locutor had replied with the never-failing urbanity of the Virginian farmer that "'any. body could toll he was an Englisher by th' way he talked, and them loose pants." At the moment he first saw the figure al luded to, the owner of the British accent and the "loose pants" was shivering in spite of the top.coat turned up about his ears and the soft hat pulled down to moot it. It was indeed a girl; she wore a soft hat, the counterpart of his own, fashioned of the same stuff as her dark gray jacket and the Irirtle which reached just below her knees. On her legs wore shooting gaiters of russet leather, decidedly influenced as to color by the tyrannic soil, and on her foot stout cow hide boots. She carried a gun on her shoulder, and a game-bag hung at her side. She further appeared to be bounded on the east, west, north, and south by dogs. An old mastiff lounged sulkily at her heels. Far in front a collie gave chase to a stately buzzard, which sailed away undisturbed by its pursuer's shrill barking, while an asth matio pug sought a Juggernautal fate be tween the ponderous waggon wheels, and a little black-and-tan terrier, sniffing hither and thither among the mist-drenched weeds,' reminded Roden of the accounts of the Dondann ants as related by the credulous Herodotus. The girl, who had been walking with` head bent, looked up as the creaking of the waggon-wheels arrested her attention. "I beg your pardon," said Roden, " but can you tell me if I am on the right road to Caryston Hall ? I think that's the .name." Shedlooked at him seriously for a moment, and then said : " Yes, you are.. I s'pose you're th' now Englishman. Are you ?" " I suppose so," said Roden. " My name is Roden. I have bought a farm some where in this neighbourhood, and it is called Caryston Hall." " That's it," she said ; " you're right. My father's th' overseer thlero. Why don't you come down'and walk ? You look so cold. I'll show you." " Thank you," said Rdon ; "I think I will;" and he jumped down beside her. Judging by her attire,' he had at first thought her a sporting country-woman of his own, like himself an exile in. a far .country; but after she had spoken ihe found that the soft, slow intointion was strange: to his ear. " The overseer business' ex plains it," he thought, " She is a native; and this languago is Virginian." In the mean time the girl was also making mental. observations. He was the third English gentleman she had soon, though of immi grant Britishers she had known full three score and ton. She was thinking that he had spoken to her with an unusual civility, and wondering how long it would continue. Civility this young Virginian had not found to be a characteristic of the British settler in her native state. " I'm very lucky to have met you," said Rodon, as they walked on, having dismissed the services of the ancient waggoner, whom the girl addressed as "Uno' Dick." "I would like to ask you some questions about the place, qnd it's awfully kind of you to go back with me." She said, indifforestly, and without lifting her eyes this time : " Oh, I was goin' back anyway I 'Tien't any bother." Her long strides matched Rodon's exactly, and the rapid motion through the stiffly .yielding medium under foot began to warm his veins. They saw the serpentine flourish of Uno' Dick's voluminous whip- lash out lined against the pale sky as the waggon descended tile hill just in front of them. STwo more buzzards appeared, slanting in still absorption toward the west.. Instantly the collie was after them. " Why didn't you telegraph ?" said the girl, suddenly. I did," said odeou, with some grim ness. "I telegraphed twice. I also had tlhe pleasure of re-reading both telegrams when I arrived at the station about an hour ago." "Seems to me," she said, turning to look over her shllouldeor at the mastiff, pug, and torrior, who woro having a tow-row over an old shoo (which same seem to lbe sown iu lieu of coru in the thorns by tihe V;irginian waysido)--" seems to mo that letters reach us twioo as quick as tolo grams, anyhow. You must hlave thought it funny we didn't send for you." "I don't know that 1 found it very amusing," said Rodenou, truthfully, adding, in a tone of hiel~less aggravation, " All my luggage was left behind in Washing ton." At this direct appeal the oversoor's daughter at first looked as sorrowful as even Roden could have dcsired, bursting the noext moment into peals aund roulades of laughter. R-?odon, after the first sharp inclination to fool angry, joined in her mirth. " Poro follow I " hei said at last, taking :off her rainsoaked lhat, on which she ap peared to dry lher brimming oyes-" Pore folow I it all seeooms awful to you out hero, don't it ?" "It does," said Reodon in his heart, but out loud hlie replied with mondacnoious civility th:it it did not. lIo was, moreover, occu pied in a close scrutiny of her uncovered looks, They woro of a pale golden aolor, lying closne to her forehead in thick, round rings, after the manner of a child's, and clustering heavily withl the dampness. As he stood beside her he saw also that she was very tall, taller than most tall women, and that her fair throat, rising boy-like from a dark - red kerchief, had unusual suggestions of muscle beneath its smooth surface. Something about her reminded him of his favourite blood mare Bonnibel. Presently they walked on. The top of a tolerably high hill was soon reached, sur mounted as Roden at first thought, by an almost impenetrable thicket. As they ap. proached nearer, however, he perceived an aperture in the mass of foliage and a long wooden gate, hanging by one hingo in an aimless, desultory manner, and ornamented also as to its dingy grey with copious splashes of rod mud. On either post were rusty iron vases, wherefrom there sprouted two stunted specimens of the aloe tribe. One of those vases, having been broken some years before, hung over to one side with a suggestion of inanimate sentiment ality highly ludicrous. Somokind Samaritan had thrust a stick in between its disabled joints, thus preventing it from utter down fall. The view beyond the gate was unique, and to Roden rather pleasant after his morning's experience, The lawn proper was shaped like a lady's slipper, and out lined by a'gravel carriage.drive. It seemed as though some Titaness might have set a careless foot among the surrounding shrub bery, crushing out of existence all save a bordering fringe of evergreen and acacias. The long, low house of red brick-with wings outspread after a protective, hen-like fashion in the direction of the many out houses-was to be seen through the bare branches of two splendid tulilp-trees. A little Alderney heifer was grazing near the portico, and some dorliugs stood resignedly on long yellow legs under the shelter of the largoe box bushes. As they walked along the sinuous car rinago- way Roden looked with a feeling of ownership at the glimpses of distant hill and forest, as visible through the crowded tree stems. Here he was to make his home for at least the next two years, and he was glad to find it not so bad as he had ex pected. As she opened the hall door the girl said to him: " Father won't be hero until six o'clock. I'll have you some dinner if you want it. But you'd bettor. go to your room first, hadn't you ? You're so wet, I'll send you some things the last Englishman left behind him. There's a bath ready, and plenty of tqwels. I'm used to fixin' for you English, 'tou see. Well, good-by till you're dressed; then I'll show you over the house." She sent a little "nigger," who con ducted him with wordless dignity to the apartment allotted him, and who some five minutes later returned again with the "last Englishman's things." That personage must have been of very slight proportions and medium height, whereas Roden stood six feet one in his stockings, and was of excellent figure. He struggled for some time with the meagre garments, and then decided that he could not put in an appear ance until his own garments should be dry. At this moment some one knocked at the door with the announcement " Dinner rado-y." " I can't come to dinner," said Roden at the key-hole. " Thb clothes won't fit me; say I'm very sorry." The'departing footsteps echoed down the narrow corridor that led to the room which had been given him, and Roden. who had taltbn the silk coverlet from the bed and rolled himself in it, stretched out before the fire of pine-cones in the big fire- place. The room was large and square, and had hang ings of faded green silk embroidered with tarnished gold. A ponderous mahogany wardrobe, looking like nothing so much as a grim wooden mausoleum, occupied nearly all of one wall. Facing this on the opposite side of the room was a low chest of drawers, also of mahogany, with brass lion-head handles. A square mirror in a wrought brass frame hung over it. The bedstead was low and wide, with foot-board and head- board of a like height. Voluminous curtains of faded green fell from a mahogany frame fastened to the coiling, and were tucked bask behind brass knobs on either side of the bed. There was a hugo, pale green paper screen crowded into one corner of the room, and behind this odeon dis coverod a bath- tub and a wash-stand. One picturo hung over the mantel-shelf, a repro duction of the Madonna of the Chair, done evidently with a very hard and very pointed load-pencil, and faintly tinted with pink chalk as to lips and choeeks. llodon lay in the soft embrace of his one Indianu-liltke garmoent and stared up at this work of art. HoI-I becanme fascinated in wondering how many days it must have taken its indofatigiblo perpetrator to mnake the million of little scratches that composed it. He wondered if it wore tbo production of gonorations past or present. Could Virginia herself have boon guilty of it ? Ho thought not. At all events he hoped not. Her voiceo seemed to put her boyonl tlh pale of such possibilities. He recallod it to his memory's sar now with a distinct sensation of pleasure. Thoro had beeoon in it a cortain rich sonorousnoss. It was grave, serious, soft as the rush of the rain through the short grass without. A beautiful voice attrasts men always, even as the thibre of a fine instrument iuvariably attracts a musician. It is, so to speak, the overture to the whole charactor. No: the pinked-shooled Virgin, with the slatoe-cooloured infant tilted against her wooden and unrosponsive bosom, could nevor have boon the work of the maiden in the Rosalind costume. Never, nover! Why, now that hle thought of it, should the cheeks of the pictured Mladonna so blush ? unless, perhaps, at the culpablo drawing of her sacrod proportions. Why should she have boon drawn at all ? There was abso lutoly no reason that hio could discover. Tho pine-cones oracltloled and blazed up wili a savoury smoll. The fragrant warmth stole pleasantly over the young follow's relaxed limbs. The pink nsl gray Madonna faded slowly and surely away in a goldon haze. Thoro was a pleasant humming as of a summer field within his oears. Why did lie seeom to be pulling sp a soarlot window blind, which obstinately refused to remain in position, in order to lot three largo black sheooep gambol at their ploeasuro about that imposing mahogany catafalque ? And why did the loss of a brass koy at least three fooet longar and which seemed to belong to his hat-box, occasion him such acute mortification when called upon by a very old woman in blue kid low shoes to explain its whereabouts ? And why did --and why didn't-and what on earth made them all ? ltoden had not slept so soundly since leaving British soil. Hoe was awakened by a vigorous rapping at the door. He sat up and rolled himself more tightly in the big green silk quilt. " Who is it ? " he said. "'Tis yo' clo'es," replied a solemn voice. "An' please, sur, ter dress ez quick cz you kin, 'case supper soon be rade-y." Roden admitted his once more dry outfit through a small aperture in the door, after having inquired as to the time, and finding that he had slept two hours. " Miss Faginia she say ez how she ben think you'd rayther eat yo' supper jiss so, 'thout sp'ilin' it with er sorter dinner," chanted the monotonous voice without. Rodon admitted that " Miss Faginia had been quite right in her conjecture. In half-an-hour he went out into the big hall, which, divided by tiiree arches, ran through the contre of the house. Over the first was a fine moose's head. There were skins of many beasts here and there on the slippery oak floor, and straight backed chairs set against the panelled wall, which some barbarian had painted white. A much-carved oak table on one side sup ported a large silver flagon and two old fashioned tankards, On the other was an old-fashioned hat-rack, filled mostly with feminine head-gear of various makes and sizes. A pair of branchy antlers supported riding.canes of all descriptions. Guided by the sounds of a piano softly played, Roden opened a door on his left, and found himself in a large fire-lit room, whose walls were absolutely covered with pictures large and small, all in old Italian frames, all more or less stiff and ill-painted, all hung regardless of size or shape, as close to one another as they could possibly be placed. The effect of the thus concentrated colors was, in spite of the defects of the pictures themselves, quaint and jewel-like. Over the mantel of carved oak reached upward to the ceiling an enormous square mirror in the style of the first empire. On one side of the room was hung its mate, also in lonely grandeur, and facing the portrait of a very rosy dame in a still rosier tulle dress, the whole suggesting in color the presence of the all-pervading Virginian soil. Just under this second mirror was a piano, and at this piano was standing the overseer's daughter, striking idle chords with her left hand. She had taken off her Rosalind costume, and appeared in a blue homespin dress, neat and scant of make, and with her two big braids hanging over her shoulders. " Oh, it's you," she said, addressing Roden. "I was just trying th' piano to see 'f any 'v the keys 'd stuck since the last Englishman left;.but th' haven't. D'you like music ?" she went on, in her vibrant voice, which seemed in some strange manner to harmonize with the fire-light and the now steady hum of the rain with out. " I'll tell you, before you say any. thing, I can play very well." Roden found her open conceit a very novel and amusing sensation, but when she had struck a few chords firmly, her long fingers sinking in among the keys as might the fingers of a miser among the gold coin that he loved, he thought no more of anything save the melody that filled the room. " Gad I " said he, when she had ceased, "I should say you could play, rather I Whore on earth-who taught you ?" "No one," she said, absently striking noiseless chords with her left hand, and not looking at him. "I've heard people, and I do't by ear. And the men that've had th' Hall 've been awful kind 'bout lettin' me play-an' that's all," compre hoensively, adding, with sudden irrelevance, " Were your clothes quite dry ?" " Quite," he assured her; " but they are beastly dirty to come to supper in." "'I dried them myself," she continued, taking no notice of his last assertion. " Such work as I had, too I I really think if Milly hadn't helped me, you'd 'a been in -in-in your green silk quilt now." She leaned forward for some moments, laughing, with her head against the music rack, so that the piano reverberated shrilly with the clear sound. Roden laughed with her. " Who told you-the little nigger ?" he asked. " Aud who is Milly ?" She came suddenly to her. feet, as sud ddnly becoming grave, and closed thes piano. "Milly's one o' th' darkies," she said. " Come and got your supper." He followed her across the wide hall into the dining-room, and found that supper at Caryston Hall was a very pretty meal. It was served oni finest but mueh-darned damask, by the light of six tall candles. in silver oandlosticeks, each ornamented by a little potticoat of scarlot silk, which gave them the appearance of diminutive cory phdos pirouotting on one slender wax leg. A bowl of violets and primroses oconpied the contro of the tableo, flanked on either side by orystal dishes, filled, the one with the pale amber of honey, the other with the deep crimson of oranborries. The overseer's daughlter poured out te?n boehind a great silver urn, while on her right hand a monstrous cut-glass flagon foamed wvith richest milk, " Plositively artistio," thought Rtoden, fooling a certain respect in his British breast for thlis young maiden of Virginia who could evolve out of her own country.bred brain offocts so charming. "Is's a beastly pity," he told himself, thoaugh in what the pity consistod hle could not quite havo told any one else, unless perhaps that a being so gifted with a talent for inutrumental music and the setting forth of appetising supper tablos should be hemmed in from further progress by the scarlet soil of her native state, and should murder his sovereign's languago with ruth loss regularity by beheading some words and cutting the remainder in two. lieo also pondered somowhat as to the way in which Virginian overseers and their childroen expected to be treated by resident foreigners He noticed that the girl ate nothing heorsolf, sitting with hler hand in hler lap after she had poured out his cup of tees, and pulling idly at the frayed edge of the table-oloth, with eyes downcast. He wished very much that he kenow how to address her, and was casting about in- his mind as to how he might find out her surname without being rude, when she answered him directly. " My name is Virginia " - she said " Faginia "-but it came softly to the ear "Virginia Herrick." "They ought to have called you 'Julia,' Miss Herrick," said the young Englishman, regarding carefully her grave face. " Why ?" she said, with her swift change from listless to alert - " why ought they ? It's a hideous name, I think." "It isn't very pretty-not near so pretty as ' Faginia,'" said Roden gallantly; " but there was a fellow once called Herrick who was always writing songs to 'Julia.' " " Oh," said the girl, with a sudden dawn ing in her sombre eyes, " that's the man wrote ' To Daffodils' and ' Primroses' and things, ain't it ?" " That's the man," lie said. " Well," she replied, slowly, " I don't see why I ought to be called Julia. Her last name wa'n't Herrick, 'cause lie wouldn't 'a written those kyndor things to his sister, and a man wouldn't 'a taken th' trouble to write songs to 's wife." " Why ?" said Roden, fixing on her his eyes, at whose blueness she began to wonder in a vague way. Thus looking out from the young man's sunburned, weather-marked face they reminded her of some vivid, sky coloured flower springing into sudden azure among brown summer grasses. " Why ?" lie repeated. "Are all Vir ginian husbands so ungallant to their wives ?" " So what ?" she said, contracting her level brows. " So rude, so careless of their wives." "Oh, I reckon so," she made answer. "I don't know much 'bout men n' their wives. My father's died when I was born, an' somehow I don't take much to women, nor they tuh me. But I know 'nuff," she supplemented, " to know a man ain't goin' to make a fuss over his wife." "If you ever marry," said Rodon, "do you think you will put up with that sort of thing ?" "ShoI" she exclaimed, rising and push ing bock her chair, which made a sharp sound on the polished oak of the floor. "I'll never marry in this world." " Well, you certainly won't in the next," said Roden, smiling broadly; " that is, if you're : orthodox." " What's o'dox ?" she said, pausing to question him, with one hand on the table. "Orthodox-if you believe all that the Bible tells you." " Well, I don't," she said quickly; " not by a long sight. I don't believe all those things. went into one place like that ark without killin' each other clean out. An' I don't believe those bars oat them children for laughin' at'that ole feller's bal' head. (I've laughed at many of 'em myself, an' no bars 'ain't ever oat me; an' if 'twas right then, 'twould be right now.l No, I cert'n'y ain't or-or-orth'dox," said Miss Virginia Herriek, beginning to clear away the supper dishes. "You're not commonplaeo, at all events." Roden told himself, as, after having obtained her permission to smoke, he lighted a cigaretto, It was now past eight o'clock, and still no signs of the recreant overseer. Rodon occupied himself with putting many questions of a more business-like character to Miss Herrick as she moved about the room restoring things to their proper places. He found that the little petticoats which ornamented the candles wore some more of the things left by "the last Englishman ; " and that the primroses and violets grow in what was called the " greenhouse," a narrow glass. fronted corridor reaching along the front of the east wing of the house and opening out of the dining-room. IHeIo said he would like to go in to look at it, and she at once conducted him there, carrying no candle, since a full-moon looked in at them through the lattice of the winter trees. A thick soft air, spongy with damp ness, closed about them. The flowers rose dark and redolent on all sides. Roden could make out the large, bunohily growing leaves of a magnolia-tree outside, seen in rich relief against the dim sky. Roden, who had an artistic soul, found much pleasure in watching her. He was beginning to think that in her own unique way she was beautiful, and she was cor tainly shaped like a young caryatid. Aftei' she had answered various queries about house and outhouse, niggers and stables, they returned to the dining-room, and lifting one of the tall candlesticks from a side table, she opened one of the many doors. "I'm going to father's room," she an nounced; " 'f you like you can come too. Mlost of 'em "-(alluding probably to the preceding Englishmen)--" most of 'om liked to smoke there. I have my spinnin' an' some things to do. Ef you want to stay here, there's books." She made a odm prehensivo sweeoop with her candloloss hand in the direootion of a low bookcase which ran around throe sides of the room. "I think I'll comne with you, if you really don't mind," said Roden. "Lor', no I " she hastened to assure him. "But 'f you don't like dogs an' 'ooons an' things, you'd better not." "Oh I I don't mind 'ooons and- and things," said Rodon, somewhat vaguely. "I'll come, thank yeou." They wont down a long hall, descended a little stairway whereon tlhe moonlight fell bluoly through a equaro window high above, down more stops, along another passage with sharp turns, and in at an already open door. An old negress, vividly turbaned, was heaping wood upon an already im menso fire. "Lor', mammy I " called Mliss Horrick, "for merocy's sakes stop I 'F you put any more wood on that fire you'll have to go up on th' roof an' shove 't, down th' chim ney." The "'coons and things" were already crowding about them. Rodon rooognised several of hIis canino friends of thIe morning, and there wore, moreover, two splendid old hounds, who at sight of their evidently beloved " .aginia " oset up a most booming yowl of weloome. There wore also the 'coon; a curious flat. stomached little boast, who flow about after a startling fashion from chair to chair, and which Mliss IH-orriok introduced as a " chip. muuk;" a cornoraklo; a young sorouch. owl; and three largo Persian oats. All those pots, he discoverod later, had boon presented from time to time by the "last Englishmanu," oe "the Englishmia bcforo the last," or "the Englishman be fore the one with the glass eye," or the fat wife, or the ugly sister, or what not. " If I can only add a gorilla or a condor to this unique collection," reflected Roden, " my position is assured. I will probably be forever the ' last Englishmau,' and I will always be mentioned as the Englishman who gave me the gorilla.' He then sat down in a corner as far removed as was consistent with politeness from the other inhabitants of the apartment, and occupied himself with watching Fnginia, her " mammy," and the " things. " Aunt Tishy," said Miss Herrick, indicating him with a movement of her bright head, as he sat withdrawn into his coign of vantage, like a hermit-crab within its shell, " that's the now Englishman, Mr. Roden." "How yo' do, sur? Hope yo' coporosity segastuate funs-rate, sur," quoth the dusky dame, with an elephantine dab, supposed in the innocence of her Virginian heart to correspond to the curtsey of civilisation. " My what ?" said Roden. " She means she hopes you are well," explained Virginia, about whose neck the raccoon was coiling himself with serpentine affection. " Oh yes, thanks, very well. Are you ?" said Roden. " Gord I yes, sur ; Tishy she al'nz well \--in' she, honey ?" this last appeal to Virginia. " Oh yes," said that young woman, " 'cop' when you have th' misery, or th' year ache in th' middle o' the coldest nights, an' have me huntin' all over creation for some thin' to put in your year. Oh yes I " " G'way, chile l " exclaimed the thus maligned personage, with an air of indig nant sufferance. " If I didn' know yor wuz jess projeckiu', I sutuy would feel bade." " Oh no, you wouldn't," said her mis tress, easily. " This one," again indicating Roden, "'s goin' in fur horse-racin'. Some of his horse's 'a oomin' day after to-morror. That's better 'n Herefordshire cattle, ain't it 2" " Co'so you think so," said Aunt Tishy, with something between a sniff and a grunt, as she settled herself in the chimney-corner with a basket of darning, and fell to work, stretching the stockings to be mended over a little gourd. " Why, Aunt Tishy ?" said Rodon, be. ginning to feel as thoughi he were a character in a book, and might spoil the plot by saying the wrong thing. The old negress looked up at him over her big gold-rimmed spectacles, with her great underlip pushed out, showing its pale yellowish lining. " Lor' I so'," she said, " Miss Faginny's plum crazy 'bout horses. Ev'ybody on de place '11 tell you dat. I alwuz hol's as how somebody done cunjur her mar 'fo' she was bown. Dat's why she so run made 'bout horses. Somebody sutny is cunjur Miss Faginny. I'll say dat with my last bref 1" " Oh, shut up, mammy I" hero interpo. lated Virginia. "I sutny will," reiterated.the old black. "Oert'n'y will what?" said Miss Herrick; " shut up ? I'm sure I hope so, and I know Mr. Roden does." She rose and put down the raccoon, who immediately clambered up to the carved top of an old oak press close by, and hung there, smiling genially. Virginia busied herself in pulling out her spinning-wheel and winding the distaff with bluo wool. As she sat down to her spinning, with her closely-plaited fair hair falling into her lap, a fantastic thought suggested itself to Rodeon, namely, that this blonde maiden might be a Desdomona dressed up as Marguerite with the Moor concealed as her nurse. Ho watched with a strange sensation of unreality the whirring wooden wheel, the soft falling of the blue thread upon the floor, the dusky smoke- stained rafters of the room, whorofrom hung strings of onions and red poppers in gay festoons; the old negroess, wrinkled as to her black faeo with busy absorption; the moving of the different creatures in the sombre depths of shadow. Now it was the glint of the corn-orako's flame-like crest as he thrust an inquisitive head from his posi. tion on a shelf over the mantel. Now the whito gleam of the raccoon's sharp tooth as he grinned with an amiable per sistoncy upon the room and its inmates. Now the old hounds grumbled uneasily in their sloop, or the Persian oats loaned against his logs with luxurious, undulating appeals to be caressed. " Why don' yo' sing, honey ?" said Aunt Tishy; "yo' know yo' kyarn' harf wuk of yo' don sing." "Yes, do sing, Miss Virginia, said Roden. "A nig--I mean a darkey song," he added, quickly. " What shall I sing, mammy?" questioned she. "Dat 'pen's on whut· kinder song do gou'leman wants." "Well, what kind do you want ? " she asked him. " Something characteristic," he replied. Thus adjured, she sang to him, in a very rich contralto voice, one of the negro ditties. As she finished, and before Roden could say anything, she rose and put asido her spinning-wheeool, holding out to him her long shapely hand, which was covered with tan as with a brown glove to within about an inch of her homospun sleeve. " Good. night," she said; "I'm sleepy. Father won't be here now till to-morror. I s'poo' he slopt at 0yarver's. Everything ready your barthll an' everything." Thus dismissed, Rodon took himself off to bed. As he dropped to sleeoop to the tune of Olo Ark a'movin', he was conscious of uncomfortablo memories concerning haunted rooms in old Virginian mansions. Not that he holieved in ghosts-Honvoen forbidl but some one might-esomo little niggesr, you know-might play one a trick. He was roused suddenly and unpleasantly by three solemn raps on the door at his bed's heoad. " Well ? what is it T " he said in an aun nooeesarily loud tone. 'Tis mo--Aun' Tishy," replied an uun mistakable voice. " Please come to do do', slur', joses a minute," Ho answered this appeal, opening the door cautiously an inch or two, whereupon sheo thrust into his hands a little white bundle. "Dis hoeah's fo' yo' to war tuhsnight, M\arso Gawgo he don' war no night- shuts, and doy nin' none o' th' other Engliahors1 lef' none; so I jess stole you one o' M?iss Faginny's. Don' say nothin' 'bout it, please, sur, 'case of dar is one thing Miss Faginny's 'tic'ar 'bout,'l. tis her clo'es." Roden took the long white garment gingerly, as men lift a young baby, bade Aunt Tishy good-night, and closed the door. Ho then went to the fire and began to examine what that colossal personage had inferred to be "Miss Faginny's night. shut." It was a capacious arrangement of very thin linen, and superfine little frills of a like material-hardly the garment in which an overseer's daughter would have wooj4 repose. The young man looked at it ,1b fully and gravely from all points of view, then went and hung it over the mirror, and returning to bed, regarded it with the mute attention which he had before bestowed on the drab-coloured Madonna. It was a dainty thing, probably a relic of some pro. vious Englishman's wife or daughter, and the rosy lhght from the handful of fresh cones which he had thrown on the fire stole in and out of its sheer folds caressingly. He left it hanging there, and the last thing ho remembered that night was its gleam, as of a pretty ghost in the fire-lit dusk of the big room. (To be contitnued.) 