THE ENCYCLICAL LETTER FROM THE BISHOPS OF THE ANGLI CAN COMMUNION The following is a resume of some of the chief points in the recently issued manifesto, which may be of interest to many of our readers. The Letter, which was read in the Anglican Churches yesterday, emanates from the 146 bishops who assembled ia con ference daring Jnly last, at Lambeth, under the presidency of the Archbishop of Canter bury. After greeting to members of the Anglican Communion, the buhops explain that the resolutions which accompany the Letter are to be taken to represen£tbe mind of the conference, while the reports are offered to tbe public only as suggesting fruitful matter fot consideration. Twelve separate subjects ate dealt with. From these we have ?aledted such aa seem moat likely to attract attention in this colony—namely :—(I) Temperance. (2) Purity. (3) Divorce. (4) Case of emigrants. <!?) Reunion, (12) Authoritative standards of doctrine. On those points we give portions of the text of the Letter, and ia one or two in rtanofw short extracts from the cesolations and reporte bearing on the respective subject. Toe report on Socialism, coming from ? o itn. mittee presided over by the Bishop of Man cheater, ia well worthy serious attention. It ia too lengthy for ineerban, bat any attempt to condense it would fail to do justice to a masterly essay on the subject from the print cf view of its joint authors. Bishop Kennion ? erred on the committee to consider Mututl Relations, and also on that wbicb de*lt with Kennion, ot which latter Bishop Barry was chairman. Temperance is thus referred to:—"Noble and self-denjing e-Surts have been made for scany years within and without the Chorea for the suppn saion of intemperance, and it is our earnett hope that these t&irts; will be in creased manifold. The evil effects of this eio on tbe life of the Church and the nation can scarcely be exaggerated. But we are cau ettaiDtd to utter a c&ntion; against a false principle whicb threatens to creep ia and vitiate much ureiul work. Highly valuable as we believe total abstinence to be as a means to an end. ?c desire to diaeountenanoe the language which condemns tbe use of wine a* wrong in itself, independently of tta f ffecta on ourselves or on others, and we nave expressed our disapproval of a reported practice (which seems to be due to some extent to the tacit assumption of this principle) of nibetituting some other liquid in tbe ceJeora tion of Holy Communion." Tbe report of the Purity Committee being carried unanimously as a resolution, and "au giving the mind of tbe conference a? s winA-', we extract tbe following from it: —" We speak aa those who are deeply conscious of their re sponsibility before God for words which tbey utter open a entject of tremendous moment. Knowing as we do know how sins of im parity are not only a grave public scandal bnt are also festering beneath tbe surface, and eating the life of multitude* of all classes and in all lands, we cannot keep silence, although we dare not ntter all that we kno*. We are constrained as bishops of the Cburcb of God to lift np tbe standard of a high and pore morality; and we call upon all, whether of our own communion or not, in tbe name of God our common Father to rally round this standard. Especially do we press upon those on whom lie* the responsibility of tbe cure ot souls, to face the question, and to aak them stlvci what tbey are doing, or can do, to protect their flocks from the deadly ravages cf se&ittal; tin. We believe that, although the public Conscience is ia Borne degree ?wakened, and tbe *U-t*zn6xng efforts of those who nave labored to this end have not been wholly in vain, yet the awful magnitude of tbe evil is but imperfectly realised. We are rut blind to the danger of dealing publicly witb tbe subject of impurity. We dread tbe effect, especially open the young, of any increased familiarity witb the details of tin. Notwithstanding we hold that the tune hat come wbtn the Cbnrch most apeak witb no nncettain voice. We solemnly declare that a life of parity is alone worthy of a being created in the image of God. We declare that for Christian* tbe obligation to purity rests upon the sanctity of the body, which v the ?' Temple of tbe Holy Ghost." We declare that a life of chastity for the unmarried is not only poatible, but i* commanded by God. We declare that there is no difference between man and wrtrao in tbe sinfnlness of tine of uo chaatity. We dsclare that on the man, in bis God g>ven strength of manhood, rests the main responsifatlty. We declare that no one known to be living an immoral life ought to be received in Christian, society. We solemnly protest against all lowering of the sanctity of mar riage. We would mtind all whom oar voice ma* reach (hat the wrath of God, alike in holy Senptu-e and in the hiatory of Urn wwrlJ. has bun revealed against the nations which have transgressed the law *f parity; aod we ?t-; ( ?icry moid our conviction that, wherever carriage is dishonored and sins of tb* tWh are lightly regarded, tbe borne lie will be (.'ecttoftd, and tbe nation itaaU will b<k ncr or later decay and perion. We, on sir part, a? tisbop* of tbe Church of God, sattsb'rd as to the gravity of this matter, and feeling that r>oti;iofr chert of generalaction on tbepa't of all Christian people will avail to arrest the evil. detrrnioeto confer witb the clergy and faithful laity of our several diocece a* to tilt! witett steps to be taken for tbe acoompliehmeat of tfce weighty enterprise to which God ia call ing us." After stating that the sanctity of marritga ia the centre of social morality the Litter goes on to tay: — " This is seriously compromised by facilities of divorce, which have been increased in recent years by legislation in some countries. We have therefore held it our doty to reaffirm emphatically tbe precept of Christ relating thereto, and to cger acme advice which may guide the e'erpy of our communion in their attitude towaids any infringement of tbe Matter's rule." On the Emigrant question tbe conference write :—" One da?s of persons more especially had a claim upon the consideration and syirpathy of the conference. In our emigrants we have a tocial link which binds the churches of the British Islands to tbe Church of tbe United Btater, and to the churches in the colonies. No more pertinent question, there fore, could have been suggested for our delibe rations than our duty towards this large body cf our fellow- Christian*. It ia evpectatly in cumbent upon the Church to follow them witb the eye of sympathy at every point in their pat sage from their old home to their new, to exercise a watchful care over them, and to pro tect them from the dangers, moral and spiritual, wbicb becet their patb. "We hsve endeavored to offer some suggestions by fol lowing which this end may be attained.' With regard to Kennion the Letter has tbe following:—" The attitude of the Anglican ccn-tnunion towards tbe religions* bodies now separated from it by unhappy divisions would appear to be this:—We hold ourselves in rradinecs to enter into brotherly conference with any of those who may desire intercom munion witb us in a more or less perfect form. We lay down conditions on wbicb such inter con uiunion is, in our opinion, and according to our conviction possible. (These conditions the rrerlutions show to b?: acceptance of the liiblr, of the Apostles' Creed, and tbe Nioaoe Creed, of the two sacraments, and of tbe historic rpifcopate, locally adapUd in tbe methods of ite administration to the varying needs of the nations and peoples calif d of ??ol into the unity of His church ) Fur. however we may long to embrace those no* alienated from us, so that the ideal of tbe one Hock undtr the one Shepherd may be realised, we n.ust not be unfaithful stewards of tbe great dn?*it entrusted to us. We cannot e'estrt our position either aa to faith or disci pline. That concord would, in our judgment, be neither true nor desirable wtrch should be prodeced by cuch currender. But we gladly acd thankfully recognUe the real religious work which is carried on by Christian bodies tot of our communion. We cannot close cur ejes to tbe visible blessing which has been vonctiEafed to their labors lor Christ's Bake. Let us not be mis understood on this point. We are not incentihle to tbe strong ties, the rooted convictions, which attach tbeui to tbt-ir present petition. These we respect, as we wuh that on our tide our own principles and feelings may be reepected. Competent observers, in deed, astert that not in England only, but in sll jmrte of the Christian world, there is a real yearning for unitj—that wen's hearts are niovtd more than heretofore towards Christian frlkmsbip. Tbe conference has shown in its oieci.btii.utt as well as ite resolutions that it is d< eply f^uetrated with this feeling. Mty the uprii ot We wove on *ite troubled Waters ot r> !'£.'?< us ditfciences." On i tie eut.jcct of Authoritative Standards the ccii<muoication says'-—"ln conformity with ths ptaclice of the former conferences we dt dare tlibt we are united under our Divine lie*d in t&? fellowship of the one Catholic and Aptstoiic Church, holding tbe one faith re vealed in Holy Writ, defined in tbe creeds, iraifctained by the Primitive Church and atfirrred by the undisputed <Ejnmeni cai Councils; as standards of doctrine and worth: p alike we recognise the Prayer Book with ita Catechism, the Oidinal and the Thirty nine Articles —tbe tpecial heritage of tbe Cburcb if England, and to a greater or lees extent received by all the churches of our communion. We desire that these standards should be set before tbe foreign cbmches in their purity and simplicity. A certain liberty of treatment moat be extended to the eases of native and growing churches, on which it would be unreasonable to impose, as conditions of communion, the whole of the Thiity-nice Article*, colored aa they are in language and form by the peculiar circumstances under wbicb tbey were originally drawn up. Oo the other hand it would be impossible for us to share with thtm in the matter of holy orders, as in complete intercommunion, without satis factory evidence that they hold substantially the same form of doctrine as ourselves. It ought cot to be difficult, much ieaa impossible, to foraulate articles, in accordance with our mxp standard* tf d&flrwe; and worship, the j acceptance of which should be required of a.l o!darned is such chnrcbes." The Letter eoncladee with a strong ex pression of tbe sense ot strength arising from associated work, of thankfulness roch association having been rendered pas sible, and with tbe expression that good re sults may '' redound to the glory of God and the increase of Christ's kingdom." 