ANGLICAN CHURCH NEWS. [ComMUNICATED.] -The Dean wishes to give notice that through inadvertence a second celebration of Holy communion was announced for next Sunday at the Cathedral. There will be only one, at 8 a.m. The sum of wilD has been given from the proceeds of the Culham Annual Gathering towards the panelling the wall of the choir in the new Cathedral. We are glad to record this Inststrioe of interest on the part of a country parish in the Cathedral Church of the diocese. The parishioners of Beverley, wishing to secure a more central home for their parish clergyman than that which he at present occupies, have organised a house to house collection on behalf of the Beverley New Par- sonage Fund. Mr. Croser is working with great energy and zeal at Beverley, and it will doubtless be an encouragement both to him and the parishioners if any church people outside the parish feel themselves able to render assistance in this necessary work. Miss Cave at the Church of England Book Depot will be glad to receive any contributions towards this object, or they will be forwarded by the Dean of Perth. The Archbishop of Sydney's arrival will not take place now until about the 9th of November. The Bishop ban consequently delayed the session of Synod dated the 6th. The consecration of the new cathedral Will also be delayed a fortnight, and will probably take place about Nov. 12th or 13th. A Vestry meeting for St. George's Parish will be held in the Cathedral school- room to-night (Thursday), at 3 15 p.m. DEATH OF MR. H. RICHARD M.P. Mr. Henry Richard M.P. for Merthyr, the champion of the Liberation Society, has lately died. He was Secretary of the Peace Society also, and was a sincere, though some might hold him to be a mistaken, man. SOME MORE RESOLUTIONS OF THE LAMBETH CONFERENCE. 1\. That this Conference, without pledging itself to all the statements and opinions embodied in the report of the Committee on Intemperance, commends the report to the consideration of the Church 2\. That the Bishops assembled in this Conference declare that the use of unfermented juice of the grape, or any liquid other than true wine diluted or undiluted, as the element in the administration of the cup in Holy Communion, is unwarranted by the example of our Lord, and is an unauthorized departure from the custom of the Catholic Church. 3\. That this Conference earnestly com- mends to all those into whose hands it may come the report on the subject of purity, as expressing the mind of the. Conference on this great subject. (Carried unanimously.) The following are the reports of the Committees referred to in the above resolutions : . (1) The first-that of the committee appointed to consider the duty of the Church with regard to intemperance-is signed by the Bishop of London, and it presents the only instance of a discrepancy between the special committees and the Conference. The warning against total abstinence contained in the Encyclical has no corresponding part in the report, which, on the contrary, advises " that the main weapon to be used in this warfare is the practice of total abstinence from intoxicating liquors by those who desire to help their fellow men." Flight from tempta- tion, it observes, is the natural mode of deal- ing with sins of the flesh. The burden of temperance work must be borne by those who abstain . entirely ; although everyone, of course, is not bound to take up the particular burden, or need be so weak as to find safety only in fleeing the temptations of drink. In respect to temperance legislation the committee advise the Church to press on all Governments the duty of diminishing the enormous amount of temptation which at present binders the work of elevating and civilizing the masses. The diminution in the number of publichouses, the. shortening of the hours of sale, and Sunday closing are instances of legislative measures cited as likely to be beneficial. It is remarkable that none of these recommendations finds place in the 'Encyclical, nor, on the other hand, is there any mention in the report of the condemnation of the use of unfermented wine in the Eucharist. (2) The report of the committee on purity (of which the Bishop of Durham was chairman) is the only one endorsed by the unanimous voice of the Conference. The committee are not blind to the danger of dealing publicly with the subject of impurity, and dread the effect, especially upon the young of any increased familiarity with the details of sin, but, notwithstanding, they hold that the time has come when the Church must speak with no uncertain voice. They accordingly submit a series of solemn declarations upon the subject : We solemnly declare 'that a life of purity is alone worthy of a being created in the image of God. " We declare that for Christians the obligation to purity rests upon the sanctity of the body, which is the " temple of the Holy Ghost.' " We declare that a life of chastity for the unmarried is not only possible but is commanded by God. "We declare that there is no difference between man and woman in the sinfulness of sins of unchastity." ''We declare that on the man, in his God. given strength of manhood, rests the main responsibility. We declare that no one known to be living an immoral life ought to be received in Christian society. " We solemnly protest against all lowering of the sanctity of marriage. " We would remind all whom our voice may reach that the wrath of God, alike in Holy Scripture, and in the history of the world, has been revealed against the nations which have transgressed the law of purity; and we solemnly record our conviction that, where ever marriage is dishon' need, and sins of the flesh lightly regarded, the home life will be destroyed, and the nation itself will, sooner or later, decay and perish." The committee add that the Bishops severally have determined to confer on this weighty matter with the clergy and faithful laity of their respective dioceses. - (MU-The collateral question of divorce is reported upon briefly by the committee (chairman, the Bishop of Chester), the recommendations being identical with' those adopted in the resolutions. (4) Polygamy of heathen converts was deliberated upon (chairman, the Bishop of Durham with a like effect. (5) The Bishop of Exeter presided over the committee on Sunday observance, the recommendations of which were, with a few verbal alterations, adopted by the Conference and are printed in the resolutions. (6 The report on Socialism 23 ''submitted not "commended," like other reports-to consideration by the Conference. It is signed by the Bishop of Manchester, and is a most interesting document The committee broadly define Socialism as any scheme of social reconstruction . . . which aims at uniting labour and the instruments of labour (Wal and capital), whether by means of the State, or of the help of the rich, or of the voluntary co-operation of the poor." 