Crumbs, Thunder-showers. Mr. A. G. Taylor is seriously ill. Holt is to lie released fioin custody. Glen Innes Autumn races postponed. The Grafton-Twued line is to be re-surveyed. The si' ver lodes at Boonoo Boonoo look promising. The Clerk of Petty Sessions at Camphelltown lias mysteriously disappeared. There is 110 limit to the age at which a man may make a fool of himself. It is proposed to establish the sugar industry in Victoria. " I'm going to the bawl," said the young lady on starting out to visit the baby show. The defalcations of the late Council Clerk at Bourke amount to nearly £370. Another Divo ce Bill is before the Assembly. Mr. J. C. Nield obtained leave to introduce it last Tuesday. A syndicate has been formed ill Sydney to pur chase 2S0a. of silver land east of Webb's for £6,000. The sum of £33,600 has been expended in con nection with the Centennial Park up to date. A silver lode, which is said to be. rich iu ore, has been discovered at Boorolong. Forged notes of the bank of N.S.W. are. in cir culation. The public had a good time with the " bookies" at Rosehill and Hawkesbury. Jem Mace is considered the most scientific boxer alive. So far as the attendance went the Hawkesbury races were a miserable failure. The steamer Tenterden arrived iu Sydney from Fiji with over 13,000 bundles of bananas. A " ghost" idiot has been frightening the young ladies of Echuca well nigh unto death. It is said that during J. C. Neild's residence iu Adelaide he acquired a foreign accent. Broken Hill is shamefully neglected by the Go vernment. King Cobb is gradually disappearing before fhe iron horse even iu the lmcic country of Queensland. Some valuable finds of mineral will shortly be an nounced We have received some very fine tomatoes and celery roots from the farm of Mr. G. B. Kelly. It is not unlikely that the penny postage will be extended throughout the colony. The Premier says constituencies should have power to expel members who desert their colois. The Melbourne people have sent the Prince and Princess of \Yales a valuable wedding present. The bush fires in the Young district are supposed to he the work of incendiaries. Bisiiob Camidge says it is an unfortunate thing thatthe Church of England ever secured State aid. An effort is to be made to suppress betting and gambling on the Carrington grounds The vintage on the Hunter is the best for many years. Mr. Levi en has withdrawn his libel action against the 'lamivorth Observer, the proprietor having con sented to apoiogise and pay all costs. Queensland will soon lie iu the throes of a general election. Messrs. M'Cormack and Vincent are taking to Sydney some very tine specimens of rich silver ore from the Glen Innes Bismuth mine. £60,000,000 have been invested in silver specula tions and public companies iu Melbourne during the past three months. Lord Stanley advocates the direct representa tion of the Australian colonics in the Imperial Par liament. 