mks and Sketches. ? ? 9 ? ?—- [JSOW FIBST PUBLISHED.] BLACK~BLOOD : A PEC0UAE CASE. BY GBOEGE MASTOifi FESK, Author of 'The Mister of the Ceremonies,1' ' This Man's wife,' ?? The Parson o' Dmnf ord,' 4c. Ac [TH» E1QHT 0? '?'''' IS RESERVED] B00K~IL Chawee m.— Dick bis a bid Nioht. ' If I nnt such a coward I— if I mmt mcta * comrd !' cried Dick Sogden, as he paced op and down hU roam. (t Row many times hare I seemed to see it all— haunting me — haontiag me. 'Theyssy there's ghosts, and the spirits of manured men riee against them as kill them ; and it's just as if he was always coming to me. ' It wasn't mnrder : I was only fighting for liberty. And Vn teemed to see him ever tines, and it hu been as if 1 had never had a hippy hour all these yean. ?' Whit IVe suffered 1 What IVe Buffered I And I'm such a coward, or I shonld go and speak oat at once and save him. 'No, no, no, I can't. They'd say I was mad— and if they did believe it ? Ah !' Be wrong his hands, and the great drops of sweat gathered on his brow as he muttered in a barah angry whisper :— 'And who wouldn't be a coward ! Is it nob an easy tiling to be hosgt Oh, the times I've seen it ill— the constables and the bandcnSs— the magistrates and the evidence — and then the trial and the judge speaking slow and solemn and sentencing me— to death. ' If I wasn't sach a coward 1 'Poor master Bob I And him so true, and bravB and staunch. Such a lad as he is. I'll go! Ill tell anything. IT] save him, and I'd better be hang than hold my tongue when a word would keep him from being shot ' Ho : that devil would say it was all a lie ; and then he'd hunt me down, and I should be hong— bung by the neck till I was dead. And I swore I'd be tone to him, and keep it all a secret. I swore I would. What did I asy I' He shuddered as he pressed his hands to his burning brow and gazed wildly round. -? I don't know now. It seems all gone, but I swore it, and Vn kept my oath ' Bat I didn't know it would come to this, and if* too horrible— too horrible fora man to bear.' He stopped abort dose to tia ?wall, with his head bent forward and eyes staring as if he were gazing iota apace, his lips moving the while, and at times they were toe muttering! ot delirium. Then be seemed to be struggling hard to collect himself, and shook his head and passed his hands over his eyes again and ?gain, to sweep away the dimming mental mistirhkih ivwf«^ his intellect. ' Can't think— can't seem to think clearly,' he mattered angrily. 'Things get mixed up altogether.' He stood gazing straight at the wall again, and he bant oat now in a fierce denunciatory 'Yes. I will I' he cried. 'I dare tell everything. He's a brave, true, noDle fellow, and you've been a corse to him. Yes— yon. A brute. I've seen yon lash him like a dog, as you're hushed me with yonr tongue. Like a dog— treated me like a dog— treated ns all like dogs. But Pve kept my word. I swore rd do everything you said, and IVe done it. He rushed to the side of the room, poured out some water quickly, and bent down to baths his brow. 'Seems to clear one, like,' he mattered, as he held the towal to his face. ' I can think now, and there isn't that black doad pressing down upon a man's head.' He began to pace the room again. ' If I only dared speak ! If I only dared apeak !' he groaned, as he sank down in a sitting position on the edge of his bed, and began to rock himself to and fro. 'What did he say! That so sore as there was a God above he'd denounce me ; and leave no stone unturned to send me to the gallows — and he would — he would — and I'm a coward— a miserable coward. I always was. ' Never mind, Master Bob, lad, ' and be spoke In a. light, hslf-piteons way, as if the person addressed were present — 'it's only a ahort and a shsxp sting. You're a soldier, and If a what yon might espect some time or other. Yon gave it him well, and can feel S about that, and I can tell you one lad, much older as I am, that life ain't having— it's been to me almost a corse. Better oat of it, my lad, and go to sleep— ehr He bent forward and smiled as the vacant look upon his face increased. 'Why don't I eo out of if. Why don't I tell the truth! Hah! That's it. I'm such a coward, my lad— such a coward. I daren't speak, not even to give you your own. Ah, its weary work, Isd, when you've got tome thing like this on your mind. Sleeping or waking ifs always there. Hu eyes looking at yon and telling you that you killed him. I've seen him pointing lota of times to a crowd on a dark morning, and when I've looked, tiasre was something swinging to and fro above the crowd, and I daren't look any more, and then he has seemed to laugb and jeer at me as if he was pleased that I should be punished snd suffer as I do.' Dick leaped up with an angry cry and looked wildly round as he pressed his brow. -? Tsin't drink.' he muttered thicklr. I haven't touched a drop, but it's just like it was that time after the whiskey. Seems all real like, and us if I was talking to him. Seemed to be sitting there and looking at me with them bright eyes of his, and asking me to save him. Said he was so young and didn't ' want to die like that. ' Poor lad !' he said, after a pause. ' Why should he, when there's only me in the way ! I will speak. Ill go to the colonel and tell him all the truth if I can only keep my head, and remember what I want to say ; but it keeps going from me. Seems like walking straight to the gallows, and they'd try me and hang me. Yes, they'd try me and hang me for it. What ot that? It would be the 1 saving of as one a lad as ever stepped, and it would make those old people happy — two who never did me harm, I will tell them. I'll make a clean breast before it is too late, and before he comes. ' No, no, I cannot,' groaned the unhappy man, wildly ; and he stood pointing before him. ' As soon as I say I will, he seems to be lying oat there in. the copse, among the wet leaves and dripping grass, and he opens his eyes and looks at me, and— there he is again. Don't, don't, don't, master — don't look at me like that. It was an accident— the gun went off in the tussle.' Dick sank upon his knees and Btretched out his hands as he gazed into vacancy. 'I couldn't help it— you know I couldn't help it, and that I'd sooner have cut off my right hand than palled the trigger. Don't look at me like that. Help I— help ! What shall I do?' The wretched man sank down from where be had cast himself upon his knees and lay grovelling npon the floor. 'It isVt that I'm afraid to die. IVe suffered so much that my life has been a hell upon earth, but it's that— it's that He's always there, seeming as if he'd drag me down —drag me down, and I daren't— I daren't face that. It is too terrible to bear. 'What shall I do ? Let that brave young fellow die, or speak the truth J ' No, I dare not. When he comes hell tell Sir Philip, and it will all be stopped. How long will it be before he comes ? The letters most reach him, and IVe cent them both, in spite of all he said. Poor lad 1— poor lad I' Dick at last rose from where he lay with the intention of going to Sir Philip's room, wak ing him and mating a fall confession of his sins ; but as soon as he reached the door, it seemed to him in his over-excited state that the murdered game-keeper stood in his way, threatening him with extended hand, and be shrank back with a wild cry, to cast himself, writhing in agony, upon the bed. A few words bravely spoken would bare changed the current of events ; and Bichard Sogden fought hard to speak those words. Hour succeeded hour with determination to act coming and coming again and again ; but it was always the same as the wild fit o! delirium increased. There stood by him the figure of Bob, despairingly pleading that he would save his life, and on the other hand, like some ™'-Vitg fiend, the form of the dead keeper standing in his way to drive him back. ' It's so that I shan't do aught that might tell for me by- and-bye,' groaned Dick. 'It's to make snre ox me when I'm trying to do right Master Bob, lad, I want to Bare yon. Kp ready to die so that you may live, but ifs too late— too late now. Look there,' and he paused, as he pointed straight before him ; ?? he's stopping me — he won't let me go past him, and it's too late— too late.' 