THE STORYTELLER PAUL THORNTON. BY EVELYN R. BLACKETT, A Tasmanian Lady. (Written specially for The Colonist) CHAPTER 1 In a pleasantly situated township not far from one of Australia's capitals, stands a dilapidated ruinous looking house of several stories, and crowned with a mass of chimneys. It stands alone on an eminence and had once been surrounded by a high wall, which must have added to its prison- like isolation, but that barrier is now re moved, and only a piece here and there re mains to remind people of the miserly old man who had so grudgingly caused it to be built to guard against the thieves and robbers in whom he lived in perpetual dread. The battered windows were stuffed with straw and rags to exclude the wind and rain. Great heaps of brick and stone lay scattered about, some having fallen from various, parts of the building whilst some seemed as though brought there for some purpose that had never been accomplished. The gardens had, doubtless, been very due in their day, for there were still the remains of artistically laid out flower beds and shrubberies, though now, except for a few stunted shrubs and hardy flowers — [indent] Wasting their fragrance on the desert air, it was little better than a wilderness. Such was the exterior, and the same token of neglect and ruin characterised the interior. The principal entrance led into a hall of immense dimensions from which opened the chief apartment. These in their palmy days must have been very magnificent, but they now suggested some strange story or painful family history by their direful looks of desertion and decay. The second storey was similar, only there the windows were furnished with strong shutters and iron bars, which also told their own tale of an owner whose treasure was not "where thieves do not break through and steal." Notwithstanding all, the whole structure and its surrounding bore the unmistakeable tokens of having been the abode of wealth and culture. Though in such ruinous con- dition, the house was comparatively new. Some of the oldest residents of Carning- ham could remember the time when the ground now covered by Flagstaff Hou had been overrun with ferns and briars, and the gardens a field in which sheep and goats browsed. It had been built by Stephen Thorncroft, and at his death, about two years ago, fell into the possession of his young nephew, Paul Thorncroft. Paul was then a young man just beginning to carve his own for- tune; with health, a tolerable education, hope, faith in himself and his fellows, and a strong determination to make for himself a name. And if anything more was neces- sary to supply that, energy and persever- ance which usually ensures success, he possessed a potent talisman — he loved, as only a nature intense as his can love. Florence Munro, a charming brunette, an accomplished dancer and horsewoman, a born flirt and heartless coquette, had pro- mised to reward him, if he prospered, by bestowing upon him her hand and her charms. Paul had been reared in the almost Puri- tanical seclusion of a country parsonage, for his father, the Rev. David Thorncroft, was a dissenting minister of the type, now almost obsolete, who seemed to live in con- stant dread and anticipation of brimstone and fire. Paul was a junior clerk in a bank at Hartley. Shortly after his ap- pointment to that position he had seen Florence Munro at a concert and her bril- liant beauty and vivacity had quite fasci- nated him. If he could win her — the queen of women — what a conquest! His feelings were akin to those of Tancreed, who exclaimed of the daughter of Besso, "I loved her as I loved the stars and sun- shine." For a week after he first saw her Paul thought of his divinity by day and dreamed of her by night ; and the Goddess of Fate must have looked benignantly upon him, for at the end of that time, one Saturday afternoon, he was introduced to her and received one of her sweetest smiles and most bewitching glances. The clerks had challenged the High School boys to meet them in the cricket field and at the conclusion of the match the laurels were awarded to the clerks. After much hearty cheering several of the victors, Paul Thorncroft among them, had made their way to the benches placed under an awning and designated by courtesy "the grand stand," ostensibly to rest under the inviting shelter, but really to receive the congratulations they deemed they merited from a gay group of ladies, among whom some of the players had ac- quaintances. Conspicuous stood Florence Munro, poised in her most becoming attitude. Her brothers always accused her of practising attitudes, or "attitudizing," as they phrased it, before her looking glass, all the hours she spent alone in her sanctum, but how they obtained the information I know not. However, Florence, in a new costume, a marvellous combination of cream and crimson which set off to the greatest ad- vantage her dark, radiant complexion, lus- trous eyes, and beautifully modelled figure, appeared like an exquisite damask rose among daisies. In a moment she had measured our young friend Paul. If she bore any resemblance to Juno, it were no insult to Apollo to say our hero resembled him. Of course we all know that the "Sun God" did not affect cricketing costume, but Paul's tall athletic figure would have enabled him to hold his own, side by side, with any of the heroes of Roman or Grecian mythology. His features were good, his moustache perfect, and the dark waving hair which occasionally he tossed from his brow by a peculiarly characteristic motion, all that could be desired. Apollo was introduced to Juno, and in stead of the bow usually bestowed, she cordially extended her hand. After that they got on swimmingly. She contrived to draw him aside, chatted gaily, and con- gratulated him upon his batting and his fielding, all of which she declared, she loved and took such on interest in when it was dexterously performed. The sweet smiles and subtle compliments of the charmer rapidly wormed themselves into the susceptible heart of the beardless six- footer; and when at length she twisted a spray of laurel into a chaplet and with her own hands placed it on his brow, when for a moment he threw aside the straw hat to wipe his hot face, flushed with more than the excitement of the game and the exer- cise, he was perfectly enchanted with the beauty, grace and condescension of his star. They strolled leisurely towards High- street, and when Paul said good-bye at Mr Munro'a gate, Florence in her rich, full voice, said, "I shall only say _au revoir_ I will accept no refusal ; you must cook to-night. It will be a rare pleasure to have some one worth dancing with, and I feel sure you dance well." She would not allow Paul to explain that he did not dance at all, as his father had always forbidden it. "Oh, I know all about it," she inter- rupted. "Come to-night and begin then. You must understand, dancing is my pas- sion; my hobby; I could go on for ever, I think, with good music and an agreeable partner." Paul needed no great persuasion, and ac- cepted the invitation and insinuated com- pliments with a bounding heart. Raising his hat he hurried off to his home try- ing to analyse the new sensation that was pervading his whole being. That evening he made a more studied and elaborate toilet than be had ever considered neces- sary before. James Munro, Esq., was a retired brewer, who, report said, had amassed a fabulous fortune by the profits of his remunerative business in a distant city. Report gener- ally exaggerates, but that "Munro's Brewery" had been a money-making con- cern was testified by its owner's handsome mansion, elegant barouche and prancing horses, and the thousand and one ex- pensive accessories of a gentleman's model establishment. Mr Munro was a warden of St John's and the clergyman's right hand man; the presi- dent of several social and philanthropic societies, including a Band of Hope inaugu- rated by a dissenting minister; for the worthy ex-brewer, though a member of the "Church of his forefathers," as he pom- pously put it, considered it his duty as a man of weight and influence to lend his patronage to any scheme, by whomsoever floated, for the benefit and elevation of his country, especially of the rising genera- tion — "'the future pillars of Church and State." He was also vice-president of a temperance society not conducted on too abstemious principles. Its members were admonished "to use, without abusing God's good things." The pledge permitted a "little of anything" at dinner, supper, or upon any special occasion. The obliging and philanthropic Mr Munro had been prevailed upon to occupy the chair at a meeting under the Blue Ribbon auspices. Their "monster meeting" took place in the evening of the Saturday on which we first mado the acquaintance of Miss Munro, and whilst the favored few were graciously condescending to drink champagne at Clarence Villa Mr Munro sat, and with a gorgeous silk handkerchief wiped his bald head until it shone like a polished vessel, on the platform of the Mechanics' Institute, and complacently viewed the large audience who were presently to be "pleased and profited by his well prepared and telling address." He noted that the great majority were working men and their families, and his pious soul was filled with grati- tude and satisfaction that he "was done with all that sort of thing ; he had ceased to be a worker." He also con- gratulated himself with having been discreet and farseeing enough to withstand the solicitations of his quondam partner and refused to build or have anything to do with a brewery in that vicinity. "Ah," he said to himself, "I was right as I mostly am! A man would not easily nor speedily make a fortune here, where total abstinence has a footing. A dozen temper- ance societies would not alarm me, but— Here the Chairman was called upon to "say a few words." But we must leave the meeting and chair, "so ably filled by James Munro, Esq.," as the local paper next day stated, and return to Florence. After parting from Paul she retired to her own room and as the dinner bell would not ring for half an hour she got a book and flung herself into the depth of a luxu- rious chair. But instead of reading she fell to thinking aloud, a constant habit of hers. "I am very glad that I met young Thorncroft," she muttered, "he is rather presentable and decidedly refreshing. Though rather prosey, his compliments and remarks are more original than the commonplace, threadbare speeches one is obliged to listen to, and I believe he means what he says. Poor fellow! It's a pity he does not reserve them for some little bread- and-butter damsel who would be able to ap- preciate them, though, however, he will just suit my purpose. I'd lay a wager, if papa did not think it vulgar and improper for his daughter to talk of wagers, that before a week has passed over his head, Gus Peart will propose. And if he were twenty years older I would accept him all the same, though then he would be nearly equal in age to my respected father. Oh dear, I am so sick and tired of this life! It is nothing better than an incessant struggle to appear what we are not; to ingratiate ourselves into the favor of people who would scorn us only because of our money! "Though papa and mamma are too obtruse to understand them, I can. They accept our invitations because our cook understands her work well and papa's business necessarily makes him a good judge of drinkables, and his long purse en- ables him to provide the best. Therefore because I am heartily sick of it all I will set to work to win Gustave Peart. I think I know pretty well how to manage him! By bestowing marked favors and attention upon the country youth, rouse his jealousy, and when he fears his prey is slipping beyond his reach he will make one des- perate effort to seize it; propose and be ac- cepted on the spot. "Once established as mistress of Forest Park I shall snap my fingers at those who now look down upon me; for the Peart's name and influence and my money will ensure the position for which I crave." The novel lay unopened in her lap and the time for reading was gone, but Florence did not consider the time wasted nor unprofitably spent. Like a wise general she had well considered her plan of action, and it only remained for her to care- fully and deliberately carry it out when the right time arrived. Her de- cision made, Florence rose and summoned her maid to assist her dress for dinner and the select dance that was to follow. Mr Munro had at first discouraged the idea of a dance on Saturday night. Some shadowy idea kept flitting through his mind that he, an influential man and a church-warden, should discountenance dances in general, and Saturday night dances in particular. But Florence, by a course of sulking, bullying, and coaxing had overcome his hesitation and forced him to consent. "Well, my dear," he had replied, "I give my sanction conditionally— that your party be very select and that your friends go early. Remember, my dear," he added, " in our position we cannot be too particular; many are watching us close." (Mr Munro had only a bowing acquaintance with Morell or any other grammarian.) At about fight o'clock the guests began to assemble at Clarence Villa; Florence welcomed them and acted hostess to perfec- tion. Generally on reception days and evenings, Mrs Munro suffered from a very obliging malady, which she called "a bad 'eadache". Occasionally, an elderly person of the same style and questionable education was permitted to visit her in her own back parlor, and then honest Mrs Munro, who was too unsophisticated to understand scheming of any kind, would become volu- able and confidential over her cup of strong tea and tell "her dear Mrs Thomas'' that her " 'ead was not quite so, dreadful bad as dear James or darling Flo thought." In- variably she would conclude; her confi- dences with the remark, or its equivalent - "There was not so much fuss made about schoolin' and such things when me and you was girls." So perhaps it was as, well that the cul- tured and sensitive ears of the ladies and gentlemen who enjoyed cook's excellent repasts, and "old Munro's" really excellent wines and spirits, that Mrs Munro was al- most a confirmed invalid — poor thing! Florence never looked more lovely than she did that night. She wore a white dress of some fleecy material which suited her to perfection, some strings of coral clasped with a golden band around her neck, and a gold and coral dagger nestled in the rich wavy masses of her hair. After a little chatting and music an adjournment was made to the ballroom. I am not going to inflict upon, the indul- gent reader a description of each individual guest. They were mostly sons and daugh- ters of retired tradespeople, a lawyer's son, the doctor's sister, the mayor's nephew, several cousins of a leading Member of Parliament — in short, a fair sprinkling of the "upper ten" of Hartley society. Mr Gustave Peart, however, is too im- portant a personage to be thus summarily dealt with. He was the list of a family who for many years had occupied a high position, socially and morally. Never had there been a bar on their escutcheon, never had a Peart been accused of a treacherous or unjust action. But gradually the family had diminished, and five years before the date of our introduction to Hartley the father had been laid in his last resting place, leaving only two sons to keep up the honor and dignity of their name and race. The elder, Howard, was then on the shady side of life, and Gustave, the younger, as hear forty as thirty. Strange to say, though possessed of every advantage, and an entree into the best society the country could boast, Howard never married, and at this time Gus was single. A year after his father's death, the latter, seized with a longing to see more of men and manners than Australia could satisfy, started on a Continental tour. The Pearts had never been a long-lived race; and when Gus re- turned, two years later, it was to find his brother at rest in the family vault. Thus he was left the sole survivor of a family of four sons and three daughters. Gus had won for himself the distinction of being the proverbial "black sheep" of the family but for a time the sorrowful event that had left him brotherless and alone sobered him. But soon the monotony of Forest Park and the humdrum society of Hartley elite became unendurable. His naturally gay and excitement-craving temperament led him to seek society more congenial to his tastes. Though his associates were not all bad they might easily have been a great deal better; all were fast, and some of them vicious and profligate. His tour had been made in company with a trio of the worst, and as a natural consequence Gustave Peart did not return to his native land a better man. He had gained the distinction of being the "lady-killer" of his sex, that is to say, he talked freely of every woman he knew, and damaged the reputation of all he talked about. When Gus returned to Forest Park he took with him several of his favorite con- freres, a preventive against ennui. After their own riotous fashion they appeared to enjoy themselves immensely, but the old folks who heard of their doings would gravely shake their heads and declare that old Mr and Mrs Peart would not rest in graves if they could see the wild revelry and dissipation that was being carried on in their once orderly and well-conducted home. The flushed faces and bloodshot eyes of the debauchees bore evidence of the nights spent over the gaming table in un- holy mirth, which grew louder as the spirit of gambling took possession of them, and the strong liquor, which flowed as plentiful as water, took effect. Suddenly they all left, and for the first time in more than half a century Forest Park was deserted, save for an old man and his wife, who for the sake of the dear master and mistress did their best towards keeping things in order. Nothing was heard of Gus for the next three years except vague reports that he was sinking lower and lower. Then there came a day when old Charley announced that the young master was coming home to settle down. He had just recovered from a dangerous illness, and finding himself de- serted by all his old associates, and dis- gusted with them, himself, and the world in general, he decided to return to Forest Park. "God grant that he has risen from his bed a wiser and better man," fervently ejaculated old Charley. "Amen," responded Betty, his wife, as she bustled off, her faded eyes dim with tears, to prepare for the reception of him whom she had nursed when a babe, still regarded, as a mere boy, and ever remem- bered in her prayers. "It seems no time since his father and mother, bless them, stood at the font, which I remember was beautifully decor- ated with white chrysanthemums by the clergyman's blind daughter, and placed the boy they were so proud and fond of in the pastor's arms for the Holy Baptism. And now, father, and mother, the priest and his daugh- ter are all gone; only the boy is left, and he grown a man! Don't you remember the Sunday, Charley? We had only been married about a month." "Aye, that I do, wife," the old man re- plied, looking fondly and proudly at his aged partner; "and you speak about it so beautiful like, it sounds like a book!'' Old Betty continued musing and conjur- ing up scenes and incidents which she thought had faded from her memory, as she hurried from one preparation to another. At length Gustave arrived — the ghost of his former self. All his old mirth and wild spirits gone, and to all appearance a worn out, man, as indeed he almost was. His few years of fast living had undermined his constitution, never particularly robust, and used up those forces and vitality which husbanded and used less lavishly would have sufficed for at least a moderately long life; whilst undue excitement and un- naturally high pressure had prematurely aged and debilitated him. Wrecked in health, spirit and fortune, he settled at Forest Park — all that remained of his once ample fortune. He had grown moody and taciturn, seldom went beyond his own grounds and rarely received any visitors. But as he slowly regained a little health his old craving for excitement and society returned, and occasionally he accepted an invitation to local festivities. The people of Hartley were quite willing to take him up and receive the returned prodigal with open arms. Now that he had reformed they grew quite indulgent concerning his past, and only half incoherent mutterings about "sowing wild oats," "putting old heads upon young shoulders," and similar proverbs were heard— the Hartley folks were well versed in proverbs— but never a word about the affirmation of the Holy Teacher, "What- soever a man soweth, that shall he also reap." However, charity covereth a multitude of sins, and they were certainly charitably disposed — they forgave, as they hoped to be forgiven. A few months after his return, Gus ac- cepted an invitation to a ball. Florence Munro was also present, more resplendent than usual. Attracted by her showy ap- pearance and style Mr Peart asked for an introduction to her. Her brilliant beauty and dashing manners quite fascinated him and for some time he eagerly embraced every opportunity of frequenting those places of amusement where he was likely to meet her, and went so went so far as to give a bachelor's entertainment at Forest Park. Soon his marked attention to Florence at- tracted the notice of anxious and calculat- ing mammas, and susceptible, bright-eyed daughters. Notwithstanding his questionable char- acter, wrecked constitution, and age — and at forty, though a man is not aged he cer- tainly is not, youthful, even when he has not burned both ends of the candle of life at once — Mr Gustave Peart was considered a prize in Hartley matrimonial lottery. As he was very reticent about his business affairs little was really known about his financial standing, though he was generally credited with having almost unlimited funds. Honored and envied, indeed, would be the mistress selected for Forest Park; and when at length it was rumored that Florence Munro was to be the favoured one there was quite a sensation in the select circles. Matronly hands were raised in as- tonishment, and dropped in incredulity. "It could not be.'' Maidens from sixteen to forty resignedly gave up the chase; with the conviction that Mr Peart had displayed very bad taste. Fond and disappointed mothers compared Florence's "vulgar beauty" with their unbleached calico- colored Arabella's or Blanche's "modest gentility," of course, to the former's dis- paragement. Meanwhile, Florence was not backward in following up the advantage she now knew she had gained. It became the great purpose of her life to win for her husband the master of Forest Park. She felt that she and all belonging to her were looked at askance by people who, though poor, were of gentle birth nnd good families. She also shrewdly guessed that some who held aloof from the family of the unlettered quondam brewer, would bow at the shrine of Gustavo Peart. Though, perhaps incapable of true disinterested love, a magnanimous impulse, or an unselfish action, Florence Munro was decidedly clever and clear-sighted. She had studied the science of human nature and her deductions were generally accurate. To persons of her temperament adulation and deference are as necessary as food and drink to their physical well be- ing; and she well knew that the wife of Gustave Peart of Forest Park could procure more of the necessary ailment than the daughter of James Munro. At length her plans were on the verge of realization, for though Gus had not actually asked her to be his wife she was certain that he would do so eventually. He and her father had had a long confab in the latter's office. Mr Peart had acknowledged his impecuniosity, but Mr Peart had assured him that money was no consideration to him- self as both his boys wore already well provided for; his only anxiety was his daughter and he was very desirous that she should marry well as became a young lady in her position. The solicitous father hinted that, provided he approved of the gentlemen, he would be a kind of phil- osopher's stone. He concluded with a great sigh and, "Dear girl, it will be a sad loss when she marries; she is so loving and dutiful but I suppose it is a father's fate!" Not a word of that conference was told to Florence, for her father feared lest she should resent such a deviation from the approved mode of procedure, and refuse to marry a man whom her father had bought for her, for he knew nothing of her anxiety to become Mrs Gustavo Peart; though he did know what his loving and dutiful daughter was when roused. However, she noticed with some surprise that after their long private interview her father frequently slapped his guest famil- iarly on the back — a habit of his — and called him "Peart" and "old boy." Whilst things were in this state some dispute arose between Mr Peart and Florence, and though the former still visited Clarence Villa a decided coldness was perceptible in their intercourses. This little difference of course postponed the asking of the important question, though Gus had quite decided to propose without delay, for his monetary affairs were in a very embarrassed state. His creditors, too, whom he had been putting off by insinuat- ing reference to his "ship" were beginning to grow impatient. Marriage with the heiress was just the thing to get matters straight and he began to regard it as a specially providential arrangement. He had outlived his infatuation for Florence, still he looked forward hopefully to his marriage; for certainly, Forest Park presi- ded over by a handsome brilliant mistress and Forest Park under the cure of an old woman of three score meant two very different things. Then there was the father-in-law, rich as a jew, and very pliable when skill- fully managed. But in spite of the advan- tages it promised he looked upon the whole arrangement as u necessary evil. Money he wanted and money he must have, and decidedly marriage was more genteel and less risky than burglary or high-way robbery. Such was the state of affairs on the Satur- day evening of the select party. After dancing several times with Paul Thorncroft and scarcely deigning Gus a word or look Florence invited Paul into the conservatory to see her flowers. Mr Peart being told that the young hostess was to be found there, followed, intending if he could get a chance to settle matters by avow- ing his devotion and admiration. Florence's scheme had succeeded beyond her expec- tations. Though aware of her coquetry and flirting propensities the man of the world was genuinely concerned. He could not help acknowledging to himself to what great disadvantage he must appear beside Paul at, least from a woman's point of view. When he entered the conservatory he found to his chagrin that the object of his pur- suit was not alone. Florence was engaged in fastening a sprig of heliotrope in Paul's button-hole. She flashed one indifferent glance towards Gus then proceeded to admire the effect of her decoration. Burn- ing with indignation, Mr Peart retreated with a stiff bow and a freezing "I beg your pardon; I perceive I am _de trop_." Half an hour later Florence heard some one enquire for Mr Peart and heard also with a quick sensation of concern, that he he had left. Many a week passed before they again met and then it was only as mere acquain- tances. Meanwhile, Paul Thorncroft's fascination had grown into a passion. That youth's simplicity and freshness were no match for the sophisticated designing beauty. And now an incident occured that changed the whole complexion of affairs. Paul received a letter informing him that his uncle, Stephen Thorncroft, of Flagstaff House, had suddenly died, and requesting his immediate presence at Carningham. When the will was read Paul found himself the master of Flagstaff House and grounds; in short his uncle's sole heir. To say that he was surprised or pleased but faintly describes his feelings; he was electrified. His uncle for many years had exhibited the greatest ill-will towards his brother's family, and had always declared that all he possessed would be bequeathed to some charitable institution. Ten years before Stephen Thorncroft had watched Flagstaff House growing into beauty and stateliness, regardless of ex- pense. His only care had been that it should he worthy the woman who was to be its mistress. When it was completed he had brought home his bride, a beautiful young girl, years younger than himself, a flower-faced thing, but with an unwomanly heart and a passion ruffled past. Of ple- bian birth and amid unlovely surroundings from childhood she had struggled with poverty in its most bitter pinching form. Under strange and romantic circum- stances she had been thrown across Stephen Thorncroft's path, and he captivated by her beauty and apparent naivete was moved with pity that one so young and so fair and well fitted to adorn a higher sphere should be trammelled by poverty and doomed to an existence of unwomanly toil. Before a month his admiration and pity had grown into a great overmastering love, mingled with a fatherliness that was al- most pathetic in its protecting tenderness. The end of it was that Daisy Webster was transferred from a miserable cottage, with squalor and wretchedness, and daily drud- gery, to Flagstaff House with its luxury and refined surroundings. For a year all went well; Stephen adored his lovely child-wife whom he thought as innocent as a flower and beautiful and pure as an angel, while Daisy, an adept in the arts of deceit and dissimulation, suc- ceeded in blinding the eyes not only of her husband but of all about her to her true character. In due time a son and heir was born and Stephen's happiness was perfect. But three months after an incident occurred which opened his eyes and at the same time almost overwhelmed him with grief and trouble. However, when he fully com- prehended the baseness and treachery of her upon whom he had lavished love and trust, his feelings changed and his contempt and wrath overstepped all limits. They separated and never again met, and though it could never be proved there were strong reasons for suspecting that on the fatal night before his wife left Flagstaff House for some reason of his own, or in a fit of frenzy, Stephen Thorncroft poisoned his infant son, though it was very evident to all that he loved with more than ordinary tenderness. It was said that since the night when the child was supposed to have been poisoned by the father administering laudanum instead of a soothing cordial, that the wing of the house where the nur- sery was situated had at the midnight hour been disturbed by an infant's screams, so piteous and heart-rendering that the most strong minded and courageous quailed and always shunned the house from whence they issued. Immediately after his wife's departure Stephen dismissed every servant, sold all the furniture except a few necessary articles, and for years scarcely over left the second storey of the house, where the rooms he inhabited were situated. The betrayal of his love, the blighting of his hopes and destruction of the faith of his fellows en- tirely metamorphosed his character and altered the whole current of his life. One insatiable craving took possession of him — an inordinate love of money became the sovereign passion of his life. He barely allowed himself enough food, and that of the coarsest quality to satisfy nature's de- mands, and people who called upon him concerning business affairs stated that the coldest days in winter he was to be found crouching over a handful of fire, habited in threadbare sometimes tattered garments. He must have been haunted, too, with fears of being robbed, for he had the windows and doors of his rooms provided with bolts and shutters. But these did not bestow a feeling of security, for soon, though it must have been a hard struggle to part with so much of his precious treasure, he had the entire premises surrounded by a high stone wall. Poor wretch! He proved the inefficacy of bars, bolts and walls to shut out sorrow such as his, and perhaps a guilty conscience and the terrible pangs of remorse. But undoubtedly the greater punishment des- cended upon the head of her who by des- troying his faith in humanity, especially in womanhood whom hitherto he had been wont to regard with reverence as the an- gels and guardians of earth — had dried up the streams and poisoned all the fountains of his being. Thus for ten years the wretched miser lived on, if such an existence could be called life, and his and was, perhaps, a fit- ting and natural one. He died as he had lived — friendless and alone with his nur- sery. By this time scarcely any one could be induced, on any pretext, to venture near "the haunted house" as it was called, for far and wide, for the piteous screams in- stead of dying away as years passed became more frequent and piteous. One cold, cheerless afternoon a labourer called to petition old Stephen, his landlord, to do something to his cottage which was very old and rickety. He knocked several times but received no answer. Suspecting that something was wrong he sought a policeman who, with one or two neighbours, hastened to the house and forced the outer door open. They made their way through numerous passages through which the wind shrieked most dismally. After much diffi- culty they broke open a door which creaked piteously on its rusty hinges and found themselves in a wretched apartment al- most destitute of furniture and with very little light, for the window on one side was shuttered and the other closely barred. Lying across the bed apparently having been dead for many hours, was Stephen Thorn- croft. Next day an inquest was held and a ver- dict returned of "death from natural causes." On the following morning he was buried and the will read that announced his nephew, Paul Thorncroft, the possessor of Flagstaff House and grounds, and gold to the amount of many hundreds. (To be continued.) 