0 D R MELBOURNE LETTER. January3,1888. Seated in my magnificently furnished garret, surrounded by all that wealth can produce or furnish, including a gin case (empty) which I use as a table, and the remains of a whisky barrel {likewise empty) which I employ as a chair, and a brandy bottle before me (the bottle is there, but no brandy), I feel a little uncertain how to begin my New Year's Letter. Napoleon, in rallyingjhis troops in Egypt, pointing to the Pyramids, remarked—"Forty centuries are looking down upon you." Had Napoleon been a journalist he would have said " I have forty million readers waiting for me. - ' That- is the position /am placed in. The immense circulation of your valuable journal gives me exactly that number of readers, and I can,' in the best manner possible, wish them peace, prosperity and happinesB in the glad New Year; Peace clear as the sunshine which floods our noonday sky; Prosperity firm and en- during as our mountains; and Happiness buoyant, expansive and inexhaustible as "the multitudinous seas" which beat upon our island shores. Notwithstanding the fact that the Chief Secretary (Hon. Alfred Doakin) is the best speak-.'i- in the Assembly, and perhaps in the colony, it has to be admitted that his recent estra-Parliamentary speech at Neivuiai'kot was an out-andout failure. I11 iart it reujiiids one or "the final gasp of a dj'iug Gladiator." The present Ministry came in with a flourish of trumpets, and will go out with the drummer in ii-out playing .1 retreat, and the Premier very far in tin- rear ; and Mr Deakin knows this, and in attempting to defend the Government for the scandalous waste of time during the past se-soiou be had to defend a bad cause, and as he is a barrister he came to the conclusion " We have no case, abuse the plaintiff " Now 1 am not going to give a resume of the Chief Secretary's speech, nor shall I criticise it thoroughly, and I will tell you why I will not do this. I have to be paid a sovereign a line for all 1 write for this journal, and were 1 to go into the matter thoroughly it would coBt the proprietors about twenty' millions sterling, aud al- , , ,, ,, , ,, tll0UBl1 1 am WeU aw;lre that th e >' are quite willing to pay that trifling amount, the Editor would not thank me, aud the subscribers (who pay in advance,) would consign me to a region where you cannot skate ou the ice, and where snow is worth £50 an ounce. At the same time I will say tliiB, that while Mr Chief Secretary Deakin has " had his say " he lias raised a hornet's nest, and after the holidays he may look out for squalls. Mr Bent, at Brighton, Mr Gaunson at South Melbourne, and Mr Patterson at Castlemaine, will theu give the Miuistry "fits"; and af terwai'ds, I suppose the Premier, or, as likes to be called,'• The lion, iiuuean Gillies, M.P.," will put in a few words, and then , well, then look out for James Service. Brethren, let us proceed to the next business. In the Telegraph the repoit of the death of the Hon. Sir R. D. Ross, of Adelaide, forwarded by telegram from that city, occupies just four linen, and that too some days after the event took place. The sales of real estate in Melbourne and suburbs during the year 188" reaches the enormous total of over fifteen millions sterling. Of course several of the properties have been sold over and over again. A few mouths ago a property in the city near 1 he Colonial Bank waa sold for £800 per foot. It lias recently changed liands for ,£'1150 per foot. A half-acre block close to the Spencer-street Railway Station was bought in 1880 for £4-8,000. It is now worth no less than £132,000. In the suburbs land which less than twelve months ago was disposed of for £25 per foot cannot now be had for four or five times that figure. Some time ago I was offered a block of ground 111 one of the suburbs for i5u foot. It was theu surrounded by acres of vacant and with fl hoUBQ 1)cre aud there ldid not Me the prospect, and dec-Ivied, the offer. Behold the change now! The whole place is now densely populated. A Railway station is built, opposite the block that might have beeil mine. There are now three churches, hotels, Bhops. etc., and the 50 feet that I might have had for .£250 is noft-valued ator6r£4000. When I pass that way I feel as happy as a ghost out on a wet night without an overcoat, and when he (or she) has no Aanee to .steal an umbrella. 