SEWING RAG CARPETS. It was a small unpainted house, stained an indescribable hue by the suns aad rays of half a century, a row .of stiff, Lombardy poplaie in front, and beneath the windows, In a narrow bed outlined by strips of board, blossomed four-o'clooks, youthand-old-age, and g&ody; African marigolds, which seemed to hold np their mange torches with a dis tinctly defiant air. Green paper shades veiled the window, and a knocker, with an eagle's head, hong in the upper centre of the door. Every one has seen snch hooses along the country roads where the. Queen Annie erase had not yet penetrated and orchids and Japanese foliage plants are yet unknown. Miss Fossett and her nieoe, Mary Ann, sat in the little front room sewing rags for a carpet. A bright wood firecraofeled and snapped in the air-tight stove, for, although the eon shone bright on the marigolds and four-o'clooks, there was a keen wind blowing, and the dead leaves were carried in all direc tions. The cat was asleep among the balls of rags .which made a p&rti-colored; mountain in one corner of the room, and the wooden clock kicked shrilly on the shelf alongside of a ease of dried butterflies and a plaster of paris parrot with a broken beak. Miss Fossctt was elderly and spare, with * false front whiah did not in the least match her black hair, and spectacles. Mary Ann was slight and gracefully rounded, with dark,: solemn eyes, and lips redder than wild rasp berries. To Miss Fooset everything in the world was subsidiary, just at present, to the finishing of the carpet sewing. To Mary Ann there was soUuag is all the world which was actually impossible. There is Just this difference be tween sixty and sixteen. " J was a-caleulatin\" Miss Fossett droned on, " to get this one carpet wove before snow-fall, but X guess it'll be a close shave now. I didn't know if I could get iny front chamber carpeted, but the Bchool ma'am might come here to board: stud twelve4bil> lings a week is twelve shillings a week in these times." . •. * ; l«yep, 1 know, aunty," said Mary Ann " and why ehotildn'tshe oome? We shall ha?e ihecttjwt mdy for thfl loom, «u4 .; ■• -i; ':'i~C(: stooping to regain her spool iAibiMd^aPhe SctoqlriE^am a goln^tojje .' ne\v^e^«,lSliab Idon'tbelievehe'Hgetato^ Miss Maratondia,if fae isajman teacher." - ■ Mary Ami's sjes lighted np. ; ."/ /'; j "'To be trained ?*'. widMaryAnn., C" ~ ." Yes," ibdd^Sltts j^ossetfc.i ^^Who " Our next neighbor "answered Hiss Foa Belt, grimly. '; ' ; ; " Mr. Fairwesther?" "Tea, Mr. Fairweather. It beats all 1" Miss P-oeaetfc added; 11 fcotbink you fshoalda11 ■ a heerd it afore now. Why, -she'd going" to ( hev a dove-colored silk drees from Bridge-! port, and a store ha^, 'trimmed with. stufied birds and a realhrochay. shawl. Most haye laid tip a sight o* money, I should eop poss." . .: i "M^ryAnn wwsilenfc. Itwft8*qo®«^a chatter that flo Wednninterruptedlyfrpmher never* word. '■; -#John Fairweather .to be mamedto^Alda Marston 1 The neve hsd failen like » thunderbolt into the jy^yfnl serenity of. her heart. . ' ". * In novels «he had read, many a time and olt, of the dDplipi^-ol inaD, bat the fact had never come so near home before. The two women sewed diligentlyat -the: carpet rap untildopk, Miss Foesett had no idea that any .one ^pldde&ize; rest -from bo .delightful * an ; Doooratios^ and Mary- Ann! Bcaroely toewwbat|«b^Mdping. ABort ol stupor seemed to numb her aenses, . " Guess we'd better stop aspell now," said the old lady. " Jest yon run oat to the .well! and fill the tea-kettle, and I'll set out the apple-sass and doughnuts and riz biBCuita. We won't her bo regular meal, being there's Bach ajhurry with the rags." Mary Ann stuck her neoUejuiioone. of the sed flannel leaves of the housewife, which was fashioned like^a "miniature book, dropped her thimble into herpoijket andvan ished. ;;" ■ ';.' • • - . . .., • She did not go straight to the well,though.; She stole op thewinding wooden stairway first into her own room, where the ydlow: glow ci the sunset yet lingered, and took two; or three dried rosebuds and a sprig ot«oented -geranium from a little, box in the corner of the table drawer. Looking at them lor a mo mint, she opened the window and flong them out into the grass below. .. " I have been, a fool long «noogh.v said she to herself. Then she went {orth to the well and filled j the tea kettle,listening vaguely aB she did so to J the melanoholy "ohec?,oheep"cf the erxek- i etsin the stone wall. . .] "Mary Ann t" a voice uttered. . ' Mary Ann started so violently that she ] nearly dropped the tea kettle. > It was lliES Marston who had eome nnex pectedly op the path, with a bunch of > colored maple leaves in her hands. »• Ob, Miss Alda, how yon startled me I", "Took me for a ghost, eh?" said Alda Marston, laughing. "Butl wanted to eee you, Mary Ann. Goodness me I" intently scrutinizing her face by the last lading gleams of daylight, "how pretty the child is growings I don't blame John for being betwitohed about her." " i " Did yon want anything," said Mary Ann, bridling up. .• "I want yon, child," eald Alda Marston, in the pretty, domineering manner -which, being some time a " school-ma'am," she had naturally acquired. " Can yon help me With m/ sewing a little this week 7" " I am afraid I cannot," said Mary Ann, wit-h Iter face turned away. " Oh, Mary Ann—and I had concted on you for a certainty!" " I cannot i" frigidly repeatod the girl. Miss Marston stood silent a minute or two. Then she said, cosxiogly,— " But yon baren't congratulated me yet, Mary Ann." Msry Ann withdrew herself spasmodically from the light touch of her hand. I'I'm sure I hope yon will be very happy," said she. " No, 1 don't, either—I don't hope anything of that kind."' _ Then she fled away, sobbing and; holding j tight to the tea-kettle, whose epont j dropped all the way in a most lachrymatory' fashion. Tne kerosene lamp was lighted when she reached the room where the bails of carpet ] rags were piled np. John Fair weather him- j self was leaning against the wooden mantel arch, with his elbow in dangerous proximity: to the caBe of dried butterflies 1 but he. aunt was nowhere to be seen. " She has gone upstairs," the yonng man. explained, in answer to Mary Ann's bewild- i ered look, " to get a bag of hops for old Mrs. ] Hubbard's neuralgia. Are you illy Mary Ann? Yon look so white and weary." j With gentle authority he took the tea kettle from her hand, and set it on the stoye, Mary Ann helplessly regarding him the while. How tall aha straight and handsome he was! How pleasant shone the light from Kin genial hazel eyesl How dearly she had learned to love lum ! Now it must all bean, done again. Was it cot nicked to allow herself to think of him who belonged, to Alda Mareton, nuieh less to look admiriDgly. into iiis face. With these thonghta in her mind, it was no wonder that her' expression grew frigid aB an icicle. She paid no heed to his qaestion. " Miss Marston is out by the well; you will find her there," she said. ••Miss Marston, eh V said Mr.Fairweather, with provokicg equanimity. "That reminds me—yoa haven't told me what you think of our family arrangements. Were yoa ear prised?" Mary Ann looked at him in Amazement, almost in anger. "Of course I was surprised," said she " But;1* gathering all her presence of triind,' «I don't know why—it is no bu^iesB of mine." ^ '.'But it is though/' said he. "& has only driven me, a little sooner than otherwise an ticipated, to ask^ypu to listen t-o my euit. MieB Alda most imagine that ehe Is the only person in the world who can fret ■married.".. - Mary Ann drew herself op. ,V ; . " Mr, Fairwesther," said she, " I mnst beg yoa. to remember yourself.; We are sot Hot. mons here. Neither are yon any relation to Bluebeard. In this oountry a man can have but one wife." Mr. Fairwesther looked pnzsled. ' ■ An indisputable fact," saidjie. "But I know of no one who is cootradieting it." - Howdare yon insuttmeby snoh words?" criedpoor Mary Ann. " You who are en. gaged to Miss Marston 1" " But l am not engaged to Miss Mar aton." ■ \- " Mr. Fairweatber»" " I am not indeed," he sud. " Dear little Mary Ann, do not look at xne with such in-1 oredulons eyes l . Miss Alda Marston is affi-1 anced to my father. She is to be my step-} mother, next month; and as I would natu- j rally, nnder the existing circomstances,prefer j a home of my own, I want yon to be its honseliold angeL" Not another word was spoken. Mary Ann's soft eyes, brimming over with glad tears,were lifted toJohn's faoe.She stole towards him and hid her crimson ebeek against his shoulder; his arm tightened itsel^ jn the most natural manna; in the world, aroond her waist. • . ;-;^v '-&th; Wh?n MiseTossett c&mg; 40TOfitftin TC& V » -r U - . fty, in pickmgupilie^__,_ bad roiled awByineveiy/iL AnnM^Sbewas aBkeplzt^Bt tbe balls, »Dd 'when she gotop, beradf—^ --• "• - * i^Csta are adreadfnlhofcherwheh ■ After John Suivfitthet ■■faad:C0i^lii&^jS3 tbe1eBatbitintfae>V0iidjral^B^|ttiUi vy AldaMareton iiow) ^ titie girLcrep^Ottfc dew andaiarligtat to piokopihe dried rose bndsiuid the ecented geraninm-leaves. -- - ~ : «'30h, wiiat a fooI I wwf 'flhe whispered ' eoftly toijenself; "andhow happy is mmvat ^ : JaetJ' V ■ ■■ :. •• ' • afterall; "iandwh«H She tag-(»rp(^«a83am3. andwoven in rainbow ctripes,itijooupi«ltli« place of honor on Mrs. John'Fairweather'f tointyhttiakitchenfloor. v' - ; _*-* ; "" Zen> it pretty, John V' jbe «ried..'• -0-:?v '4*Tto ftihin ^ Triftafer ^witxr JBatty; ,'i* " * •• " ' 