FICTION. From F.nifllilvAiitrrlrxi, nnri otli«r PrrlnrHuit«. l>ori$ Brandon. CHAPTER XXXIV. THE HAN» Ol' FATE LEAKS DOniS OK. When Dons lied precipitately from the hotel, . she took the first outgoing train, heeding not, car , ing not, in which direction she -went. ^ iLong hours parsed by, and on through the sun- t light whirled the New York express. Doris Bat at tho window, gazing fixedly out at the changing landscape, yet seeing nothing. It was like one long dream to her. She could hardly collect hor ? thoughts. She could hardly realize what had hap- pened, or where she was going. Her brain whirled. Her eyes burned so that she oould hardly close them. Her thoughts were all fancied and unreal. At last the train steamed into the Grand Central Depot, and the next moment Doris stood on the crowded platform quice alone. " Cab, Miss ?" said the porters, as they hurried by. More than one passenger stood still to look curi- ously at the white, beautiful face, with the vague and frightened eyes. " Cab, Miss ?" repeated the man. " Take you to any part of the city." Doris tried to .answer him. What was this strange, deathly sensation that was stealing over her ? The man's voico seemed far off and indis- tinct. Dense darkness shut out his face from her view. She threw «p her hands with a little cry and staggered forward, and would have fallen to the platform if the man had not caught her in his arms just in time. " Great Moses ! Give us a hand here," he cried out to one of his companions. " A young woman here has fainted. Some one come and take her off my hands," he bawled. " I've a whole coach-load of passengers waitui' for me. Come hero, some- body, and attend te this gal." It was one of the railway officials who responded. What followed immediately after, Doris nevor knew. Long weeks afterward she awoke to consci- ousness in the hospital to which she had been taken, nameless, friendless, sick unto death, utterly desolate-she the petted heiress, the caressed darling of wealth and luxury. She looked up in wonder at the kindly face bend- ing over her. "Where am I?" she asked, in wonder, gazing, blankly around her, " and who are you ?" The nurse laid her cool hand on the feverish hrow. " You are ¡H the hospital, my dear," she an- swered. " I am your nurse. You have been very ill, indeed." " In the hospital !" echoed Doris. " Is it possible I have been ill ? Did they bring me here when I fainted away yesterday ?" The nurse laughed. " It was a good many yesterdays ago," she an- swered. " I have attended you for quite six weeks my dear." Doris fell back on her pillow with a gasp of the most intense surprise. "You are not to talk now, my child," the nurse went on, decisively. " It wouldn't take much to have a relapse of brain fever again. Here, take this medicine, and you will have a nice, long, re- freshing sleep ; and after you wake up you shall tell tne who you are, and where your relatives live, that they may be communicated with." Doris turned her face to the wall, with a hard, dry sob. " I have no relatives on the face of the earth," abo answered, drearily ; " no, not one." The old nurse looked shocked. " So young and so utterly friendless ! Can it be possible ?" she thought, pityingly. All efforts on the following day to learn the address of Doris's friends proved futile. fp\ " I do not wish them to know where I am," she £$I answered. " I am never going Ifeck to the old life i again." 3} " Every life has its own secrets," responded the li old nurse. " You know best, child, if youraetion is J right or wrong." ? " Yes ; I know best," replied Doris, wearily. | She was young and strong, and during the fort Í night that followed the work of convalescence went 1 on rapidly. j " You will soon bo quite your old self again," I declared the old nurse, encouragingly. " But you ¡I seem to have lost all heart. That is not right. I . }\ have seen in my experience as hospital nurse many jl a young girl who was brought into us, and who was ¡J not half as ill as you wore, die." *A "If life hadas little charm for thom as it has ¡jj for me, perhaps they were not sorry to go," said J Doris. " Oh, my dear ! my dear ! those are hard words to hear from the lips of a young girl," said the nurse, shaking her hoad, solemnly. " To youth the world should be gay and bright." " It could never bo gay and bright to one who has passed through so much as I have," sighed Doris. " No young girl ever had euch a fate as mine." " Every one thinks their own fate hardest to I bear," said the nurse ; " but if they only knew of the fate of others, they would think their own I happy, indeed, compared to it. Why, if I should toll you of some of the pitiful cases that came under my observation when I was nurse in the Baltimore hospital-before I came to New York-you would never make that remark again. Did you sptak ?" Doris had dropped back on her pillow with a low shuddering moan. "You spoke-of-Baltimore," murmured Doris. I-I never hear the name of that place mentioned without suffering the keenest pain. The greatest Borrow of my life carno to me there." j "Try to forget it my dear," advised the nurse, j soothingly. j " I wish to Heaven I could forget !" sobbed Doris, bitterly. " I will tell you some little anecdotes of others that will help you to forget/' said the nurse, drawing" up her chair close by the couch. "You will get so interested in other people's woes that you wiU quite forget your own." j A ead emile hovered around Doris's lovely j mouth, 11 " One of the saddest cases that ever came under | my observation was that of a young man who was brought to the Baltimore hospital one morning. He was a victim to a street accident that had just eccurn d. A pair of runaway horses had nearly trampled him to death as he was crossing the walk." " I do not want to hear about it,"said Doris. "It would only make me sad. Tell me of something more cheerful. A touching pitiful story always brings teaTB to my eyes." " But this one is so strangely romantic," per" sisted the nurse, " so liko the page of a novel, that you could not help feeling interested in it." To gratify the old nurse, who seemed bent upon telling this story, Doris at last consented to listen " I shall at least forget the darknesB and coldnpss of my own past, and the desolation of the future while ßhe is relating it," she thought, with a weary smile. How little Dons dreamed, as she commenced her story, how vitally interested she was in it, and that this hour would be the turning point of her life " As I was saying," continued the nurse, " the young man who was brought into the Baltimore hospital that morning was suffering from a severe blow on the head, produced by a plunging, ruñ- an aj horse I remember it all quite as well as though it happened yesterday , and it was almost four years ago " The doctors all declared the poor fellow would not live How sorry I felt for him He was so young and so handsome, striken down without warning in a single instant " He is some mother's idolized son-some young girl's lover," I sighed, as I b»nt over him, gently pushing the dark, damp curls back from his white forehead. " There was not a line about him by which ho could be identified " But contrary to the doctors' expections he did live-though the terrible siege of brain fever through which he passed would have killed many another man less strongly constituted, yet even with returning health, the danger was by no means past. It was feared his reason would be impared, the blow over the baso of the brain had been such a terrible one. The decision the doctors arrived at was quiet correct,-the poor fellow'B reason was but partially restored. He could not re- collect what brought him to Baltimore, or, indued events that had happened for Botne time back, otherwise his brain was clear enough. " ' There seems to be some strange, undefined thought ever striving for recognition in my brain nurse,' he would often say to me; 'something that I ought to do seems weighing on my mind but I cannot think what it is." " ' Do not try,' I advised. ' It ÍB probably only some sick fancy. No doubt, if it is anything very important, it will come back to your memory sooner or later.' " ' I wish I could throw off the weight of de- pression at will,' he answered, with a sad smile and dreamy look in his dark eyes. ' I have often heard of men who have been haunted by«somo lost thought for long years, and I always laughed heartily at the notion. Now I am a victim to a phantom thought myself.' ' I never shall forget the day his father came for him to take him home. There were tears in the eyes of the proud old banker as he extended his hand to me. '"You have nursed my son through a long and dangerous illness/ he said, * I am more indebted to you than words than express. If I can be of service to you at any time in life, yoa have but to call upon me,' he added, warmly. ' Your careful nursing, I firmly believe, has been the direct cause of saving my son Frederick's life. " Why, are you ill ? cried the old nurse, springing ? to Doris's side. CHAPTER XXXV. " I AM FREDERICK THORNTON'S WIPE. " How foolish I ara to be so agitated at the name -Frederick," thought .Doris, recovering her com- posure by a violent effort. " Of course there is more than one ' Frederick' in the world. Ah, how she loved the handsome young husband whom she was, even then, hiding from. All her wealth seemed dross to her, because Bhe had missed Frederick Thornton's love. By a great effort Doris collected her scattered thoughts, and listened to what the old nurse was Baying. " Are you ill, child ? Why, you are as white as a ghost." " No, I am not ill," replied Doris j it was only a sudden pain at my heart. Pray, go on ; I am lis- tening to your story. And the old nurse did go on with the strange re- velation that was to change the current of two j lives. ] " As I was saying," she continued, " the whole family of the rich banker was very grateful for the excellent care I had taken of handsome Mr. Frede- rick, and I grew to know thom well-so well that when I was transferred from the Baltimore to the New York hospital, I stopped a week at their beau- tiful home. " And it was then that I heard the tragic story that has darkened poor Mr. Frederick's life ever since the hour of that fatal sickness." Doris was beginning to feel strangely interested in the narrative. She could not tell why. She was listening intently, her little hands locked tightly together in her lap, her large blue eyes never leaving the old nurse's face. " I told you of the blank in poor Frederick's mind when ho left the hospital," she continued, " and of something which he felt had escaped from his memory, try hard as he would to recall it. He could not even remember what had brought him to Baltimore, or why he was there." " Yes, you told that before," said Doris, impatient at the repetition. " Upon that hinges the tragedy which followed," answered the nurse, wiping a tear from her eye with lier long white apron. " Poor Mr. Frederick went back to his home, and his mother and sisters, and his old sweetheart, who was visiting there, gave the idol of the family a royal welcome. It was almost like having him hack from the grave-ho had been BO near the borders of eternity. "This sweetheart was a pretty, dark-eyed girl, who thought a deal of Master Frederick, and the great fuss Bhe made over his return flattered his vanity, of course. He never knew before quite how much she cared for him. When he asked her to marry him, and she con- sented, nothing could have pleased his family more. "The day was set for the wedding, the bride's trousseau was ordered, the invitations for the grand wedding were given out, and the day set for the marriage was fast drawing near. "Then suddenly, and without warning, the strangest event happened that ever happened in any young man's life. "One evening, while walking with bis sweet- heart, he was suddenly confronted by a young and beautiful girl who claimed him as her husband." J A gasp broke from Doris's lips ; but the old k nurse, not heeding it, went on slowly : B "The young girl claimed him, crying out that she had tracked him down at last-the young hus- t band who had married her, and had deserted her 1 almost at the very altar." Again that horrible gasp broke from Doris's lips, < and was unnoticed. Doiis tried to speak, to cry out, > but the words died away in her throat. The room, ] the green trees outside the window, and the face of the old nnrse, seemed whirling around her, and through it all, as if shrieked out, tmmpet-tongued, upon the still air, she could hear every word that was uttered. I" Then, in a flash-that whieh Mr. Frederick had tried so hard all in vain to recall when he recovered from his dangerous illness, came back to him. And it struck him dumb with horror. " It was quite true. He had married the lovely young girl, bringing her to Baltimore on their wedding trip ; and stopping out to get a cigar, the terrible accident had occurred which had laid him np for long weeks in the hospital. And, oh, the pity of it ! Think of it !-picture it ! When he had recovered, it was with a strange blank in his mind. He had forgotten the existence of the fair young bride he had brought to Baltimore-forgot his mar- riage and all connected with it. «And it was all the more pitiful, because it had been a searet one. Even his relatives knew nothing of it. " Before he could find voice, in his horror, grief, and amazement, to explain this to the young bride who believed herself so cruelly deserted, and had tracked him down finding him about to wed an- other, she had fled, and-" The rest of the sentence never was finished. With the wildest cry that ever was heard, Doria sprang from the couch, and sank down in a dead faint at the old nurse's feet. In an instant she had raised the slim, girlish figure in her strong arms, and laid her on the couch again. Dear me ! who would have thought the story . would have affected her so !" she muttered, brush- ing back the lovely, clinging golden curls from the i marble white face. .' I only meant to draw her > thoughts away from her own troubles. I am afraid [ this will give the poor child a terrible back-set." i She lost no time in administering restoratives, j and soon the lovely blue eyes flared open, and . they rested on the old nurse's face ¡ there was a I gleam so strangely bright in them that Mrs. Lin , wood, the old nurse, was quite frightened. With a great sob Doris struggled up to a sitting I posture and caught eagerly at the old nurse's i hands. » ''Was it a dream?" she cried, incoherently, j " Tell me-was it a dream ?" "Was what a dream, my dear ?" asked the old ¡r nurse, in a puzzled wonder, looking in affright at y the girl's flushed face. f "That it was fate that separated Frederick and me !" gasped Doris. " That he did not mean to . desert me so heartlessly ! Oh, there has been a Q horrible mistake-a mistake that had wrecked two n lives !" she cried out, incoherently. t " Listen, nurse," she cried, vehemently. " I am i that roost unhappy bride who wedded Frederick ^ Thornton secretly and came with him to Baltimore, and who had every reason to believe that he had r wilfully deserted me." e " You !" cried the old nurse, in the greatest ¡¡ amazement. " Yes, I," repeated Doris, sobbing as though her j heart would break. " It must have been the hand j of fate that led me to you, nurse, and prompted f you to reveal to me Frederick Thornton's story. (¡ And oh ! the joy of knowing he never meant to be 1 false to me ! Oh, nurse, nurse, those words have u made me well !" Mrs. Linwood almost believed it as she looked at y the girl's beautiful flushed face, and her eyes bright as stars. Long and earnestly the old nurse and Doris talked the matter over ; and Doris told her all of her pitiful story, from beginning to end. s "Now that you know all, nurse," she sobbed \- faintly, " what would you advise me to do ?" s Ob, how eagerly, wistfully the lovely blue eyes scanned the wrinkled face of the old nurse who I had saved Frederick's life. Mrs. Linwood took tha little, white, trembling i hands in her own, and smiled down into the eager, lovely young face. I " There is but one thing to say, my dear," she s answered, slowly, "and that is-to go back to your husband." Í Doris drew back with a sudden blush. "Nay, nay; do not let false modesty stand , between you now," she counselled. " You are his lawfully wedded wife ; and a wife's place is by her husband's side." " Oh, nurse, if you would but send for Frederick to come to/me, tolling him all," sobbed Doris, hiding her lovely face on the white, ruffled pillow. " I know a better way," declared Mrs. Linwood. " As soon as you are strong enough to stand the little journey I will take you to him. He is now at Thornton Villa," she answered. CHAPTER XXXVI. DORIS GOES TO FREDERICK'S HOME. It has often been said that " Love works wonders." This was especially true in Doris's case. From that moment her rapid convalescence waa mest wonderful. In a week's time she was able to under- take the short journey to Thornton Villa. " How strange it seems-going back to my-my husband, after being so strangely parted from him three long years ago," said Doris, clinging to her companion's arm, half laughing and half sobbing, as the coach rolled swiftly along the sunlit streetsj then struck into the shady road that led out into the suburbs. Oh, how joyously the birds warbled, looking at the lovely face in the carriage that whirled by with their bright little eyes, as much as to say : " We know where you are going ; we hope you will have a royal welcome." Even the flowers seemed to nod gayly to Doris from the roadside as she passed them." "Every mile brings me nearer to my love," murmured Doris, as she eagerly counted the mile- stones. And yet, when the great turrets and towers of Thornton Villa loomed up in the distance before her she grasped her companion's arm with nervous dread. " I am coming to Frederick's home uninvited," Bhe breathed, softly. "I wonder if his mother and sisters will be glad or sorry when they see me !" Then she remembered under what widely different auspices she had crossed that threshold before. She blushed to remember it-in disguise, and as his mother's paid companion. Now her fortunes were strangely reversed. She was heiress to a million now; a courted, petted society belle-a different personage indeed, from the little nobody, the poor little dependent whom Mrs. Thornton would have considered no match for her handsome elegant son. " Of course they will be glad to see you, my dear," declared the old nnrse, warmly. " They | know but too well how Mr. Frederick has mourned and grieved after you." Trembling with excitement, she still cluug t* the old nurse's arm as the carriage swept up the long curved drive to the porch. Mrs. Thornton and her three daughters, Isabel, Gwendolin and Trixy were seated in the drawing room engaged in quite a spirited discussion at that particular moment. And it had all been brought about by a letter Gwendolin held in her hand. It waa from Vivian Carsdale, and read in the postscript that she in- tended paying them a flying visit some time dur- ing the following week-" and had something wonderful to tell them-that is if you have not learned all about it from Frederick ore ,this," she added. And it was as to what this wonderful news could be they were just then discussing. " I hope my brother has not married that artful Vivian at last," cried Trixy, " and I am almost sure it is that ; for did not Frederick write us him- self, nearly six weeks ago, these identical words "he had something wonderful to tell us, when he came home ?" " I used to think so much of Vivian, three years ago," sighed Mrs. Thornton. " It was the one desire of my life to see her Frederick's wife-and now I am only too thankful they drifted asunder." "Perhaps the artful young widow has ac- complished that which the young girl failed to do -caught Frederick in her toils after aU," said Isabel. " What if it should be about Gerald Marston, the old lover whom Vivian threw over for Frederick three years ago, would you care, Gwendolin ?" asked Trixy, looking roguishly at her sister. " She could say nothing about him that could affect me," said Gwendolin Thornton proudly. " She might say that she had met him again and at sigbt of her dark eyes the old flame of love has been relighted in his breast, and he has laid his heart and fortune at her feet a second time. " I should not believe it," returned Gwendolin quietly. " All love for Vivian died out of Gerald's heart long ago. He told me so only the last time he called. Oh, mamma," she cried turning her blushing face toward her mother, " shall I tell Isabel and Trixy what else he said ?" she stammered hiding her rosy face in her handkerchief. " I will tell them for you my dear. They may as well know first as last," smiled Mrs. Thornton. " Gerald asked your sister Gwendolin to become his wife my dears." There was a perfect shower of ohs ! and aha ! from two pairs of lips; and in a trice, Isabel and Trixy were by their sister's side, covering her blushing face with kisses, declaring the lovers had stolen a march on them, They had not even Buspected such a tender state of affairs. " Then it really must be our poor brother Frederick whom Vivian has caught in her toilB," declared Trixy, desparingly. "He does not write much like a happy lover/' said Isabel, languidly. " There is certainly a tone of despondency running though his letters. " Ah, mamma, you have almoBt forgotten to-day ia Thursday," said Trixy. " You know Frederick is coming here to-day." " How could I forget that, my dear ?" smiled Mrs. Thornton. " I am counting the hours until he ar- rives. He will not be here until seven. It is only three now, my dear," consulting her jewelled watch. " I hsar carriage wheels now, mamma," declared Trixy, springing to the bay- window, from whence she had a very good view of the spiral drive that led to the front porch. " Yes I see a carriage the coachman is opening the door. It is not Frederick, mamma. Two ladies are alighting." "Callers," commented Mrs. Thornton settling herself down in her chair and awaiting the inevit- able. " Why, bless me, if it isn't old Nurse Linwood !" cried Trixy, from her post of observation. " And there is a beautiful young lady with her, mamma ¡ a young and very lovely lady, elegantly dressed." Mrs. Thornton raised her eyebrows in well-bred surprise, but made no comment. A moment later there was the sound of voices in the corridor without. Nurse Linwood and the butler, who had never been on good terms, were having a little altercation outside. " No, ma'am, no ; I cannot allow you and this lady to pass on to the drawing- room without being an- nounced. My lady would be very angry, indeed." "But I will pass on without being announced!" declared nurse Linwood emphatically. Mrs. Thorn- ton will never consider it presumption on my part, be Bure of that," "Orders are orders, Mrs. Linwood," answered the man, sturdily. " All the ladies of the family are in the drawing room, and perhaps they might not like to be intruded upon by your forcing your way into their presence. I ask you again to wait here until I see whether or not they will see you and this young woman or not." " Fiddlesticks !" snapped Nurse Linwood. " Stand out of the way, I say." " Do let the man announce us, nurse,"' whispered Doris. "I would far rather do it than raise a scene ;" hut old nurse Linwood was not to be shaken from her resolve. " See what is the matter, Trixy, my love/' said Mrs. Thornton, knitting her brows intoadarkfrown. I cannot undeistand what those loud voices can mean. If Nurse Linwood is out there, bid her to come in, by all means. Ah, Trixy, I can never re- pay the debt of gratitude I owo her. Her great care of him saved ray darling boy's life." Trixy flew to the door and flung it open. " Oh it ia you, is it, Nurse Linwood ?" she called. " Come right into the drawing-room." " Well, who has come out best nou> in the argu- ment ?" said the old nurse to the butler, as she drew Doris triumphantly past him. But he was not to be outdone in this manner. " Mrs. Linwood-and-a lady !" he announced, boldly, with a flourish of his hand. A moment later the old nurse and her charge had gained the threshold of the drawing-room. Instinctively Mrs. Thornton and the young ladies had risen to their feet at the entrance of the grace- ful, veiltd stranger Mrs. Linwood held by the hand. The next instant Doris had thrown up her veil. After three long years Frederick's mother and Doris stood face to face-at last ! For one instant a death-like silence reigned. Then Mrs. Thornton took a step forward scanning breathlessly the lovely young face before her. 'Who are you?" she cried. "Your face ia strangely familiar-and-yet-it is not !" The answer nearly took her breath away. Doris came and knelt before her, bowing her lovely golden head as she replied. " I am your son's wife ! I am Doris !" CHAPTER XXXVII. AT 1ABT. There had not been BO much rejoicing at Thorn- ton Villa for years as there was during the hour that followed. Doris's return. It seemed a wonderful story to Mrs. Thornton and her daughters, that the famous beauty and heiress of whom they had heard BO much was indeed Doris-Frederick's bride. " Oh, if you had but made a confidante of mo and told mo all, how different everything would have been," cried Trixy, laughing and crying in a breath, as she threw she arms around Doris's neck, giving her a real old-fashioned girlish hug. " You are here just in time for Gwendoline's mar- riage," Trixy went on, eagerly ; " and a very brilliant idea has occurred to me in connection with it. We will have a double marriage. You shall he married over again to Frederick, and that will be your real wedding day. I will not hear a word on the subject in the way of objection," declared Trixy. " I must have my way about this. " fou will have bat ely time forestan hourbeforo luncheon," Trixy weat on gayly. " Remember who is coming at seven. And when he finds his darling Doris is here-beneath this roof-he will not wait an instant until her sees you. These lovers are always impatient creatures. Great good- ness ! how you are blushing, Doris. But there ! I must run away. " Oh, dear ! every one's love affair turns ont happy but mine," murmured Trixy, with a little, half suppressed sob. " Gwendolin and her lover are to marry. Doris and Frederick are to be happy at last. While Karl Lancaster, the young man I care for- Oh, dear, what a little goose I ara for caring for a young man who does not dream of caring for mc. But he does not know it, and never shall. There's a great deal of consolation in that." It was a very happy six o'clock dinner thoy Bat down to ; but Doris could not eat a morsel. But no one pretended to notice it. She was glad to escape to her room. She quite fancied they must hear the tumultuous throbbings of her heart as the hands of the ebony and bronze clock on the mantel travel- led slowly- very slowly-toward the hour of seven. Suddenly there was a quick, imperativo tap on tbo door, accompanied by Trixy's shrill voice cry- ing out impatiently: " Open the door, Doris, please. I have some- thing for you." Doris opened the door all in a flutter. Had Frederick come, and was Trixy bring a message from him ? But no. There stood Trixy with a pretty whit o mull dreBs,half-smothedin lace flounces and knots of blue ribbon on her arm. " ' I'm going to convert you, in no time at all into a veritable Cinderalla, my dear Doris," she cried. " As your trunks are not here yet, you must accept the loan of one of my dresses for this once. I want you to look over so pr etty in somebody's eyes. And I know that somebody will think you perfectly charming in this." " Oh, how good you are dear," Baid Doris, happy tears shining in her blue eyes. '* Don't mention it or you will confuse me," de- clared Trixy, laconically. " Come now, Doris. You haven't muoh time to spare, I can tell you. See, it wants a quarter to seven now." Then the work of transformation began. Doris was Boon robed in the pretty white mull dress, and the pale blue sash knotted about the slender waist with a eluster of blue bells, as blue as her eyes on her breast. " There never waa such a little fairy," Trixy declared, leading her up to the mirror. " True, you have not any diamonds on-and I havn't any to loan you; but who wouldmisB such trifles, gaz- ing at such a bewitching, blushing face, and eyes bright as stars ? Oh, won't every young fellow around here envy Frederick, though !" " Please don't Beatrix !" cried Doris, blushing redder than ever. '*I'm so happy, and your are trying to make me vain." At that moment the sound of carriage wheels was heard rolling up the avenue. It's Frederick-at last !" cried Trixy, waltzing out of the room, but calling back with a saucy little roguish laugh : " Expect to be called very hurriedly in five minutes time." And away she flew to allow Doris to recover her composure ; but that was easier said than done. How her face flushed and paled as she heard that well- remembered voice in the corridor below,-heard the tender cheerful greeting that passed between him and the family. Then she knew, by the faint sound of their voices, they had taken Frederick in- to the drawing-room. How long would it be before they would send for her ? At the thought a sudden, girlish hesitancy crept over her, and bhe felt like running away from Thornton Villa again. She went swiftly down the corridor into the con- servatory, but the perfume of the rare exotics seemed to stifle her, and she passed on into the garden. How long she stood by the fountain she nover knew, but a few minutes seemed to elapse ; then she heard Trixy calling her name ; but she did not move-did not Btir. All power to move or to speak seemed suddenly to have left her, she was so agite ted. Then there was a confused murmur of voices. Trixy had burst into the drawing-room with a white, startled face, declaring Doris had gone. A low cry fell from Frederick's lips, but before he could utter a word his mother put her jewelled hand on his shouldet. "I do not think there is any need for agitation, my dear boy," she said. " You must go into the conservatory and search for Doris, and take my word for it, you will find her ; if not there, Bhe will probably be in the rose garden beyond, waiting for you." Frederick Thornton needed no second bidding ; in a flash he had gone from the room, and was hurrying toward the conservatory. He stood in the midBt of the nodding blooms, glancing around him with eager, impatient scrutiny, calling, softly, "Doris! Doris!" But no slight form pushed aside the green leaves and sprang into his outstretched arms. "She is not here," he said to himself. Then he went on into the rose-garden beyond. i The dusk had crept on, the golden stars had < come out, and a young moon was set like a jewel in ! the night sky, shedding a soft, subdued light on 1 the flowers and trees. i He saw the glimmer of a white dress through the branches of the lilacs. Some one was standing by j the fountain-he knew it must be Doris. £ She was leaning over the fountain's brim, 1 watching the Btars that were reflected in the rip- i pling water, and thinking of Frederick-wondering 1 how she would greet him-what words she would use. She longed for, yet, girl-like, half dreaded 1 the all-important moment when it drew nigh, t Down the lawn strode a tall figure, his heart in his t eyes, as he watched the beautiful picture under the 1 blossoming boughs. He crossed over to where she Btood, coming up behind her, his foot-steps making c no sound on the thick, green grass. g He bent over her so closely that his lips almost touched her golden curls. c Doris was looking dreamily over the roses, wondering why the moonlight falling upon them at h that moment seemed to take a more golden hue ; why the robins singing their good-night songs in ri the branches of the beeches, seemed so joyous as fi they twittered and hopped from branch to branch p and why her heart commenced to beat with a rap~ ture so keen it was almost pain. Some subtle magnet caused her to turn her head -and then she saw him. Frederick Thornton was standing close beside her with extended arms, and a light on hiB hand- some face that thrilled her to the heart's core. "Doris, my darling!" he whispered, with tre muloUB eagerness. With a little, quivering cry, she murmured : "Frederick! oh, Frederick!" and the next instant his arms enfolded her, just aa they would hold her through life, pressed close to his throbbing heart, and love's passionate kisses were burning the fair, sweet face, the rosy mouth and rippling golden curls. "You know all, Frederick? My terrine mistake?" she faltered. " Yes, all, my darling," he answered, taking her white hands and clasping them round MB neck and firmly holding them there. " It waa a terrible, yet a very natural mistake, which any one would have made under the circumstances. We have been near being severed for life, my darling; but, thank Heaven the past- is past. Yesterday at this time I thought I had loBt you forever, Doris, and lif« looked dark and not worth living ; for what is life worth unless shared by the one we love." His handsome mouatached lips drooped lower until they rested against the rosy, dimpled cheek. "I am going to claim the little bride whom fate drifted BO strangely from my arms on our bridal day, as soon as possible," he declared '* We both know how dangerous are delays. I shall claim you this very hour. You will consent, if you love me, Doris. Tell me-do you, Doris ?" A rosy flush surged from Doris's white throat to her broad white brow for one little second, as she struggled to free herself once more from the strong clasp of those loving arms ; and she shyly lifted those wondrous blue-bells of eyes to his face, with a glance so full of adoring love that it almost took his breath away for rapturous ecBtacy, and he was answered. i Then followed for the re-united lovers half an« , hour in paradise, as they sat together on the garden i bench among the roses, talking over the post and exchanging eager vows of constancy and love for the future. " Oh, Frederick, we might have been happy long i ago, if I had not thought you loved-Vivian, your first . love, better than me," she murmured ; " and I re i membered, too, that you had wedded me on that i fateful night of the ball, through pity's sake," she added, smiling. ' "Pity is akin to love, dear," he answered, tenderly. "It is not always the love kindled at ? first sight that lasts longest, dear." CHAPTER XXXVIII. " WILL YOU TB* TO L0VB KB ?" i " I confess when I married you, it as you say-I I did not love you. Doris. Shall I tell you when I did ; begin to care for you, dear ?" j " Yes, teU me, Frederick ?" she whiBpered. " It was on that weird bridal tour of ours, while r we were on the train whirling towards Baltimore. , You sat by the window, with your pretty face j turned toward the outer darkness, looking so hope ? IOSB, sar^rlorn and friendless that my heart smote ¡ mo forset trying to make you happier. r " Then, again, the full knowledge of my love for you burst upon my heart on the night you stood ; under these very same beech trees and confessed i your love for the husband whom you supposed had cruelly deserted you, but would die to set me free i that I might marry Vivian. On that night, when I though I had lost you forever, I knew the bitterest . pangs of torturo a man's heart can know. . But we will talk of the dark past no more, love. ? The dark clouds have rolled away, and, thank Heaven, the sunshine of love has illumined our . lives at last. Como, dear, we will go into the house. They are sure to be tired of waiting for us." "I should think they were tired of waiting for you," cried a saucy voice behind them. It was Trixy, who had come up juBt in time to hear that last remark. " They haven't the patience of Job, please under- stand ; and they've waited so long for you two that patience has long since ceased to be a virtue. Mamma has sent for you both. There will be plenty of time for this billing and cooing in the future." They followed Beatrix, laughingly, into the drawing-room, where the whole family were gat- hered to receive them. The girls would not hear of it that Frederick should claim his bride at once. It would be so romantic to do the wooing all over again, and have it end in a grand wedding. Besides that course, and that course only, would prevent the startling etory of the past from being given to the world,, and causing a nine days' sensation, they declared. And, for the latter reason, impatient as he was to claim Doris, Frederick was forced to admit that plan was best. That afternoon a telegram was sent to the Lan» casters, imfurming them that Doris was at Thorn» ton Villa. "OfeourselamverygladtothinkDorisandFrede rick are to be happy at last," said Mrs. Lancaster that night to her husband.1 " But oh ! how sorry I am for our Karl ! Doris has wrecked his life ! He loved her BO well ! He-he-told me so," she sobbed. " He is young ; time will cure all that. His heart is very susceptible. The next pretty girl he meets ia quite liable to catch his heart in the rebound." " How can you imagine Karl so fickle as that ?' cried his mother, warmly. " It is not fickleness ; it is the way of men ; human nature, my dear." The next afternoon the Lancasters, accompanied by Karl, presented thcmself at Thornton Villa. Doris flew to the door to welcome them, her face all smiles and blushes. They could scarcely re« cognize in the gay, happy girl who conducted them into the drawing-room the dreamy-eyed pensive Doris who had alway shrunk in such abhorrence from lovers, and the subject of love. When Trixy heard that Karl Lancaster was com ing that afternoon, anyone might have guessed her secret, she blnshed so hotly to the very roots of her bronze curly head. Doris noticed it at once. She noticed, too, how very particular Beatrix was over her dress that afternoon. Even Karl Lancaster was bewildered by the love- ly visionB of girlish loveliness that danced into the drawing-room to greet him that afternoon, ex- tending the prettiest mite of a little white, slim hand. " Why, I declare, Trixy! how yon do change ! cried Karl, flushing a little under the fire of the girl's bright, sparkling eyes. " In vS*-i way ?" asked Trixy, with a toss of her i tf \ curls, pi , t. i% " YolS seem more beautiful each time I Bee you, he declared, honestly. "Indeed you do, Trixy." He expected some kind of a saucy reply or witty remark, but Trixy answered never a word ; praiso from him was so bewidering to her. Karl waa. \ ¿rtledattbeswittcuange . ^ ^ V*°Wyt7ï"Tt angry with me fo^sayTn^ «Jlítar,» he added, earnestly. "I meant n^ Sty p n «T *»«. WP are Th ft ' Jon tow, that I may surely bepardoned forsaying ^^langhed, but somehow the laughter seemed ^yÏr mother promised me that yon would show «a the new clover carnations in the garden. Shall we co and look at them now ?" he asked, eager to change the subject, and Trixy agreed at once. How pretty Trixy looked, as she moved among the eloping roses, Karl told himself. Strange that he had never known how pretty she was before. _ « I am glad you are here, Karl, that I may say in MtBon that which I was just about to write to you £faT" said Trixy, looking up at him, suddenly^ «What is thatP" he asked, drawing nearer to °"I should like you to be ' best man' at Doris's and Gwendoline wedding," she said. « I am to be first bridesmaid, and am to chooso the beBt man. I should like it to be yon, Karl, if you aro willing. «Do you think mc more eligible than any other of «mr numerous acquaintances that you would confer such an honour upon me?" he asked, lightly, banteringly. " Yes " Bue answered, seriously. And again he saw that the strange look cross her face, and her eyes fell before his searching gaze. ¿'¡¡tange sensation at his heart. A Budden thought flashed through his brain. Trixy cared for Um! Surely, it could not be egotistical fancy. The thought brought with it great pleasure. Ho was young and impulsive, and, as his father had said, hie heart was on the rebound. He took a step nearer Trixy, and on the impulse of the moment whispered softly, ns he caught her little white hand : "Don't you think I could fill a better position at that wedding than a ' best man/ Trixy ?" "Why there is no better position, unless you wore one of the two bridegrooms," Bhe declared. "Why couldn't there be <?iree bridegrooms?" he aiked coolly. "I'm sure I don't know," stammered Trixy, wishing meanwhile that BIIO were back in the drawing-room with the rest of the family. "I think I could fill the position of bridegroom much better, making it a triple wedding if I could but find a bride," he persisted. " Do you think I could find one, Trixy ?" "Perhaps you might find some girl foolish enough to have you," she replied blushing furiously as she turned away from the audacious young fellow, and attempted to fly past him over the lawn; but he held her hand fast. "Would you be willing to try the experiment, Trixy?" he replied; "it might not be so very foolish," Half an hour afterward, when the lovers re entered the drawing-room, Doris know by the happy light in their faces that Karl had found consolation at last, She crossed over to Frederick's side and laid her little white hand on his arm. "Do you Bee how happy Trixy is?" she mur- mured. "I ara afraid we are soon to lose her, Frederick." jt \ % "li by losing her I shall gain so noble a youu% man as Karl for a brother-in-law, I would be quite content. There was a time when I felt quite bitter towards him, Doris, and that waa in those old days when I looked upon him as my rival in lovo's war fare. He was madly in love with my Doris then, and I half fear is so still. I hope ho may not wish to marry poor Trixy through pique," he added anxiously. " Oh Frederick, you must not think that," cried Doris. " Karl is too noble for that. I-I-refused his love twice," she whispered, dropping her sweet blushing faco ; " and the last time, knowing his love was all in vain, he promised me that he would try his best to forget mc. Nothing buta deep, rever- ential, brotherly love remains in hiß heart for mo now." " I am very glad to think that," said Frederick, so heartily that DoriB could not help but laugh. " Aro congratulations in order ?" whispered Doris to Karl, as she bade him good night. " Yes," he answered ; " I know you will wish me all happiness, Doris. I have won for my promised bride the dearest and sweetest girl in the whole wide world, present company excepted," he added gallantly. " I am glad for your sake, Kari," smiled Doris. " It is to be a triple wedding ?" " If you are all agreed," he replied. ' " Of course wo will all be agreed upon that ques- tion," said Doris, heartily; " you know that, Karl. Mrs. Lancaster could find no fault with her son's choice. True, the ono desire of her heart was that he should marry Doris, but seeing that was out of the question, she was quite willing to receive dark eyed Beatrix as a daughter. The marriages were set for a month from that day, Frederick declaring he would not wait twenty tour hours longer, and that ho had waited too long already to claim lovely Doria, Gwendoline and Trixy's lovers were equally anxious that the marriages should take place as soon as possible. The long-looked-for day arrived at last, and a sunnier, brighter day could never have been wished for. CHAPTER XXXIX. WEDDING JOT BELLS. Preparations for the weddings had been going on at Thornton Villa on a grand scale for over a fort mght past, and on thia eventful morning the house and the grounds presented a veritable fairyland appearance. ' JÍ e,Hdfl T° a bowildering «ass of growing ri^,e,f0ttntain8' TthtUeir «nted waters yrkledhke¡rainbow, in the sun, whereve/the eye toned it was greeted by banks of delicate Long ere the sun had set the guests began to Sr T7?lmiIÍUV thron^evermade the Chtr n Th°rnt0n ViUa eohowith their 3 Fir8ta«y0n;,tlle marri!*eswere solem then ttfr-' Ttd°lm and Gerald Manton'., then Beatrix and Karl's, then, last of all, Doris Î I, f *?** »-ta-aS gre" ¡Tv Vi WMte HIies' and the words were ^Är^&r;*up to the Ame» V.HiYi, viïlow tu Street, and - ?he afternoon a n lombled on the grou it crest in the game, ?ero given on both sides, horoughly satisfied with .ppended are the scores : COMBINED C First Jnnin, luilfoyle, b Street. . Harley, b Mitchell. Hill, o Crick, b Street. , Cory, b Mitchell. ". Crick, c Mcintyre, b Mitch. .Hill, b Street. r. Hicks, b Mitchell. . Farley, o Tucker, b Street.... .. Mcintyre, c Tucker, b Jones.. . Coleman, not out., . Farley, b Street. Total . Second Inninjs. . Hill, h Mitchell. . HiU, c C. Mcintyre, b Street. . Cory, c Mitchell, b Jones. 7\. Crick, b Street. .Farley, runout . . Mcintyre, run out. . Farley, c Mcintyre, b Jones. . Hicks, c Mitchell, b Jones. . Coleman, run out. .Farley, not out . Byes . 5 Total . 83 First Innings . 56 Grand Total.139 STROUD C.C. First Innings. Jones, b Cory. 25 Street, b Cory. 0 Mcintyre, e Crick, b Cory. 13 Mitchell, c Guilfoyle, b Cory. 25 VIcRae.bCory. 3 lhanaghan, b Cory. O VIcNiell, b Cory. 0 Tucker, b Cory. 2 !rick, b Cory. O 'clntyre, not out. 0 tagner, b Guilfoyle. 1 69 Second Innings. ones, b Cory. 1 Street, b Cory. 28 Mcintyre, b Cory. 0 Mitchelll, b Guilfoyle. 14 McRae, c and b Cory. 1 Shanaghan, c and b Cory. 9 McNiell, b Guilfoyle. 2 Crick, b Guilfoyle. 5 Tucker, runout. 1 Magner, not out. 3 Mcintyre, b Guilfoyle. O Byes. 8 Total . 64 First inningB . 69 Grand total ,141 