WOORAGEE WESLEYAN SUNDAY- SCHOOL. The anniversary tea and public meet ing in connection with the above was celebrated' oh Tuesday, 3rd inst., the tea arrangements being carried out in the church, and the after-meeting being held in the State-school. The .church was nicely decorated with foliage and flowers, and some prettily designed bannerets with Scripture texts were displayed on the walls, the work, we understand, of Miss Alice Morgan, to whom great credit is due. The attendance at the tea-meet ing was large; two relays being necessary, and at the pnblic meeting a very large audience assembled, completely filling the spaciouB school building. As usual, the Stanley Wesleyan Church choir was to tbe fore, discoursing selections of sweet music at intervals during the evening. The speakers were the Revs. T. J. Wright anil Jas. Wilson, Anglican and Congregation ministers, respectively, of Yackandandah and Beechwortb. Regret was expressed at the non-atten- dauce of the Rov. J. Albiston (Wesleyan), who has just removed from Beechwortb, and ef the Rev. Henry Swan (Presby terian), who was unavoidably absent. Mr Sennett filled tbe position of chair man, and besides delivering an address, he, on behalf of the superintendent of the - school (Mrs Stalker) read the annual report and financial statement, by which it appeared the number of scholars on tbe roll is 58, with an average attendance of 34, which is very 8 astisfactory. Regret was expressed that the teaching staff is not so strong as firmerly, and it is hoped some willing helpers will come forward for this work. Satisfaction was expressed that this year a " young, men's table" was provided at the tea-meeting. The financial- state- ment showed cue recoipcs ror cue past year to be £14 8s 6d, while the expendi ture (which included a handsome sum, for so small a school, of £7 16s 7d for renewed books) was £1.4 10s 7d, "showing a deficiency of 7s Id. Earnest and vigorous addresses bearing on Sabbath- school work wore delivered by the Rsv. T. J. Wright and Jas. Wilson, and were heartily received and applauded. Three recitations were given — two, entitled " The Father's Gift" and " The Fakin- ham Ghost by Miss Bertha Nail, the third by Miss Edith Morley, named, " My Two Mother.--." Both reciters, quite young children, did 'excellently, Riid were rewarded with the plaudits of the andience. The pieces of music sung by the choir were as follow :—" By Grace ere ye Saved," " We've Sighted the Golden Gale,!.' " As Pants the Hurt," " Treasures in Heaven," and " Steal Away: to -Jesus." The Stanley singers enjoy ' a: wide reputation, and it is only necessary, therefore,; to say that each rendition was listened to with breathless attention, and received with the utmost demonstrations of approval. Hearty votes of thanks, carried with acclamation, on the motion of Mr Nall, seconded by Mr Wilson, with appropriate remarks, lo the ladies who had decorated the church . and presided i over the tables Mies Alice Morgan and Mrs Morgan for bannerets made and presented, to the collectors for the tea, the Choir, and the speakers, brought to an end another most- successful aud pleasant anniversary celebration in connection with the Wooragee school. A picnic, open to everyone, was held on the following day (Wednesday), and passed off satis factorily. \-------------------------------- A Broken HEART.— A woman recently died in the Liverpool (Eng.-) - workhouse from a veritable A broken heart ; ' tba" organ having been ; found rUv'-,,ur-d from the lower -point upward, and frou? purely 'natural causes. The heart -has'.he6" preserved tor scientific purposes 