SAVED BY A DR&AM.; Dreams, which are so often fantasti ca ly strange, at times possess the pres dent power. There are many wonder ful instances of this latter on record. The story we now relate is a case in point. A good many years ago, a Vermont fanner, named Silas Austin, living in a rather wild and thinly peopled region, sold out his possessions in the latter part of winter, fir the sum of two thou sand dollars. The deed was duly execu ted, and the amount paid him in specie, with a verbal agreement that he should not be required to remove his family before the first of the ensuing April. He deposited the money, for safe kepp in:, in the led he slept on, and soon after set out on a journey into the State of New York, with the view of making another purchase. His wife was quite sa l at his depar ure. " I shall be so lonely, wi;h our two little children !" she said ;41 and then if anything should happen !' " Pshaw !" he replied ; " what do you fear V " i don't know," she sighed ; " I feel timid ; I fear something wi 1 go wrong. I'm somehow afraid 1 shall never see you again " " Nonsense, Hannah !" 11 And then, Silas, you know we have so much money in the house J" u Ay, that's it I * he returned, with a laugh. " Poor people wain bold y through wild dark places, and sleep sound y with open doors ; but the mo ment they get a little money, they be come as timid as hares, and think rliat robbers are seeking them everywhere. Now, you see, my dear," he added, with philosophic pleasau ry, "I'll le safe, because I shan't have the money u ith me ; and you, because nobody 11 know you've got it.' 1 There are persons who know you've received it and haven't spent it,' she re joined. "The man that bought the place, of course " " Yes, and others." "Neighbours, perhaps; but you don't fear them, h annali 1 ' " I don t know what I fear, Silas ; I feel strangely uneaBV, and that's the truth." " Well, ray dear, ' returned the hus band, " this is nothing but a whim ; and if I remain at home for a whim, we' I soon be without a place to put our heads in. I must go and seek out ano ther farm—you know the necessity for it as well as 1 do; hut I'll' not be Jong away, whether I succeed or nut—not more thau two or three weeks at the most." This decided, Mr. Austin took liis leave of bis wife and children, the latj ter, two little bors of four and six. Jfie went a cay, apparently with alflght heart, that his wife might not le further depressed ; but in reility, as he after wards confessed, he felt a good deal of secret uneasiness. This increased, ra ther than dimmished, the further he went; and when he reached the village where he was to take the stage-coach, he f mnd himself so much influenced by a strange, mysterious dread «.f evil, that he required all his reason to support his resolution to continue his j urney. Determined Tiot to be turned back by a chimerical idea, he paid his passage for a hundred miles, and went off in the first coach. The roads were heavy and bad, the travelling slow, and all the rest of that day and night, and the following day, and into the second night, he remained in the coach, only leaving it to get his mealB and peeping anon during the journey. <£>n reaching his first destina tion where he was to take another stago in another,/direction, iie decided to re main over for twenty-four hours. He soon ifter went to Led,, and, being ex cessively fatigned, almost immediately fell asleep. He awoke some time in the middle of the night, with a kind of start, or shook, as if something strange had touched him;-and he experienced that peculiar sensation of dread and fear which is sometimes, produced by a fearful dream that cannot be remembered, but which 6eem9 to have impressed its disagreeable j effects upon the sensorium. For a time, as is often the case when awaking in a strange place, he was quite bewildered, and could not recollect where he was, nor how he came there ; tut as soon as all became claar to him, his mind re verted to his wife and family ; and he fait such an indescribable yearning for home — that he half resolved to take the first coach tack. But while pondering this matter, he gradually fell asleep a^ain, and this time dreamt that he saw his o*n house, dimly shadowed forth in the thick, my sterious gloom of niiiht, and that, while he looked upon it, such a strange dread of'something awiul t: ok possession of him, that lie shuddered as if suspended over some dark abyss. Then he thonght something m ved him forward through the air, as a ghost would move, without motion or volition of his own, till he suddenly found himself in the bed room of his wife, who was there asleep with the two children. He fancied that he wanted to wake her and tell her that something dreadful was going to hap pen ; i ut though lie tried to go to her, he found he could not stir, and his efforts t j call out bis alarm only result ed in the m st agonizing silence. Then be heard the ominous sounds of stealthy feet approaching, and he knew robbers were creeping in upon ber—robbers in disguise—rob I era with faces painted black",—and still be could not move, cou d not scream out, and could not wake and warn his dear wife and child of impending death. He was iu terrible distress ; it seemed as if the very air lie breathed was impregnated with crime, which made it thick ai d stifling, and it choked him The steps cauie j nearer—nearer; they stopped at the door ; there was the noise of gentle force being used ; and then the door swung I slowly back, arid disclosed two black faces,. Joo .ing unearthly and demoniac iu the pale, lurid, and ghastly light Hei thought he k^iew they looked thus before j he saw them; but, for all that, ^thei si.ht of tlieiu made him shudder, and grow sick and faint. They affyanced noi6e ess y—they drew near the bed of. the innocent sleepers—and, in the next few moments, an eternity of torture was compressed in the bosom of that foyd husband and father, who was compel ed to remain motionless and silent, and see] them prepare to slay all that he bad on earth to love. They reach the l ed— they leaned over it—they listened to the breathing of the sleepers—and then their sharp knives gleamed aloft with deadly poise. One moment thus—one j moment, that had compressed iu o it all the congregated aronies of an eternal soul—and then, as the knives flashed downward on their fata' mission, human nature seemed to break forth in one sin-1 gle wild, pro'onged shriek of woe and] terror, and Silas Austin again found himself awake and trembling, and cover ed ai over with a cold, clammy perspir ation. "Thank heaven !" he murmured, at] length ; " it was but a dream !1 For more tb«n an hour he lay awake ] —thinking over it, and congratulating himself that, after all, it was only a I dream—a nLhtmare dream —the natu ral result of great fatigue, a too hearty supper, and his own fo>lish fancies Then he went to fei±ep again ; but only to dream the same thing over again He t-lept'no more; the terrors of the: night possessed lpm Jit e a spirit; lie ftl% as he flftervvarcs expressed it, as if] the hand of heaven wan turning him: homewards. The next morning, as soon as anyone ] was astir, he dressed himstlf and went out. At the earliest possible moment he purchased a brace of piHtols, powder and ballB, loaded his weapons, putting two bullets in each, secured them aboni his person, and took the first stage back to his home. Another long, wearisome jonmey—daring which he felt no fatigue, and had but one terrible, agon ising idea burning in his brain—and he reached his dwelling a little after eleven and saw his house, with a shudder, Btandiijg gtirn and Btlent in the thick gloom of darkness, as he had seen it in his dream. There was a dreadful sus pense, till he beard the voice of his wife in answer to his loud knocks and calls ; and then he was- compelled to cling to the door for support. His return was a happy surprise to his wife ; but when she found he staggered into bur araiB, and then sunk down pale and speechless On i he nearest seat, she became alarm e (. 44 There i'b nothing the matter with me, my dear Hannah, except fatigup from my long, hard ride," he Baid ; •' but are you sore you're all w< 11 here ?" 44 Oh, yeB, Silas, very Bure 44 Heaven be praised!" he rejoined; " lor I ve had two snch painful dreams about you, that I was almost afraid to come home !" 441 suppoib I've made a child of my self !" he said, in conclusion ; 44 but I couldn't well help it; and I'm only too glad to find things as they are, and to know that my wild fancies have no foundation in lacts." 44 Perhaps they have yet, dear hus band—Heaven only knows 1" returned his wile, solemnly, throwing her arms fondly around his neck. Wnat with talking and eating, for he had scarcely tasted a morsel through the day, it wbb past one o'clock when he retire.! to rest. He had just begun to fall off into that heavy somnolence which is the precursor of sleep, and all liis thoughts were becoming slnggish and confused, when he heard a light, rasping sound, as it might he at one of the windows in the adjoining room. At 6rst he tooi< i.o notice of it—his wan dering senses failing to connect it with anything unusual or alarming—but when it at length ceased entirely, and was soon after followed by a noise like the slow and gradual raising of a win dow, the truth suddenly dashed npon him, and his whole nervona syBtem re ceived a heavy ahock. He sprung up in bed, wide awake, with a feeling of sad den terror, not unlike what he had ex perienced in his dream. Perhaps tbte idea of that dream was bdcoming^ a reality, and he had really been warned by Providence. He listened intently. The sound of the raising windiw had ceased, and he now fancied he heard some one crawling through it, and speaking to some one else in a guarded whisper. His wife was already asleep, and he resolved not to wake and alarm her without cause. He therefore got out of bed stealthily, felt for his pis tols, found them, noiselessly placed himself so as to face the door, and there breathlessly waited and listened. Then it was he heard the same stealthy steps as in his dream, the same gentle forcing back of the door, and, to^his dismay, leheld, by a kind <-f phosphorescent light, two human figures, with black faces, softly and silently moving forward into the room, each with a long, gleaming knife in his haud. Wuh he asleep ? Was this a dream still ? He pinched himself, rub bed his eyes, clutched his pistols, and felt he was awake to a vivid reality. The robbers did not seem to see him ; but, with their eyes fixed on the dim outline of the sleeping' wife, began to glide gently toward her, and thus came up within reach of her protector, who •was tl e e cow to defend her with hie life. Suddenly, with a pistol in each hand, the apparition of the husband rose up before their astohished gaeo— the last earthly sight they were ever to look upon, 'jhe next moment, before they had time to recover from their shock ol alarm, there waB a bright lUsh, a crashing report, and both came heavily to the flour, with two bullets lodged in the breast of each. We pass over the wld, fearfal scene that followed, as the wife and children sprang up with soreams of terror. In ten minntes the two robbers were dead. On washing the paint from their faces, they proved to be Mr. Austin's two nearest neighbours, who had come to kill his wife and children, and get the money that tbey believed to fce in the dwelling, which they probably would have fired.when done, to conceal their awlul deeds. He hod been warned by a dieara, his family saved, and the vil iains punished. -E&enmor; Bennett. 