..lU Aacit, and Lady Beatrice Leicester, most charming of widows, sat in the delightful little room which she was pleased when in a playful mood to term her ' den,' and whioh those about hor called her ladyship'e boudoir, evidently — judging from the frown that cast a gloom over her piquant little face. nuu uy iiuu wi*y t» biuy iuuu iiupij DeauIIlg what is vulgarly known as the ' devil's tattoo ' on the velvet pile carpet' — in rather a perturbed state of mind. 'I don't know how it is,' she said, aloud, in a somewhat petulant manner, at the same time taking a cigarette from a silver box, at her elbow and lighting it ; ' I don't know how it is, but every specu lation that Reggy and I embark in to gether seems to go altogether wrong. Not a single winner since the Two Thousand ; that American silver mine that we thought a perfect Eldorado jjone completely to the bad, and now, judging from the tone of his note, fresh trouble in store for ns Poor, poor little me ! Botheration ! 1 hav* got the fidgets. I do wish Reggy would come, and then I shall know the worst at all eventB., He said three, and now it's a rtrmrfar t/i fnitp.' Shfi rnso and walked to tbe window. - 'Ah, here he is,' she/ exclaimed, as, looking out, she saw her expeoted visitor crossing tho street; 'and if I am : any judge of the human, face .divine, in any thing but a happy frame of mind. Ah ! Reggy, Reggy, I fear you are.a very :bad young man, eir.' _ . , . The next moment and Mr. Reginald Granville was announced. ' Well, Regyy.' ' Well, Beatrice.' ' Bad news, of course I see it in your face. The good ship hopelessly wrecked, just as. she was getting into port, eh ?' ' Got on the rocks and went down in deep water — you've hit off the situation 50 a J./ uuo ico|^uoo| givou wiuu a groan of diBgust. ' The game is up, Bea trice,' her visitor continued, 'for me at least. Thanks to Sam Levy, I managed to settle all right yesterday at Tattersall'B over the Derby, and then I set to work and backed Rizzio all over the place for the Stakes next week — a thou, for myself and a monkey on your account— and I thought myself lucky to average five to one, I can tell you. Well satisfied, I was just leaving the room when I came across DDUtb urate ooiuorTiiitj, wao luveo uio jubl about as much as I love him, hang him ! and the end of it was I backed Rizzio with him, laid him five thousand to four against his own horse, the Levant colt, in their places, p. p. Not half an hour afterwards (so I hear) the telegram came that Rizzio had broken down. He went at once to a hundred to one, and before the room cloee'd ten to one was offered that he don't start. The news came to me as I was riding in the Row later on, and at first I couldn't credit it, but I found it was true enough when I got home, and this morning £ got a lotter from Manville confirming every thing. Not the ghost of a chance of get ting out, of coarse. The Levant colt's a red-hot favonrite now, and in all pro habilitv will be backed against tho field at the finish. Nice state of things, isn' it ? I scarcely had the pluck to come and tell you, Trix, and that's the truth.' ' It's too dreadful f6r words,' replied Lady Beatrice. 'What is to be done, Rezsrv ? I am not thinking bo much for myself as I am for you, though to pay five hundred just at tbis particular moment will be anything but an agreeable sensa tion, I can assure yon. Wouldn't it be a goou plan lu iiuru ruunu sua dbuk uju I Levant colt, don't you think ? Or couldn't we wait until we are both on the spot at Ascot, and find out a real good thing at a long price ? Can't yon think of any plan, partner?'' said the brave little woman, clasping her pretty hands and looking im ploringly- into her. visitor's face. 'Look here, Trix,' replied Reggy, placing both hands on Lady Beatrice's shoulders and looking steadfastly down into her upturned face, ' I have thought of a plan that properly carried out will pull us through all onr difficulties with fiying;. -colours. I shall want your aid, though. The only question is, when I have explained my scheme to you, whether you will give it me. I think, though, I can depend npon yoa at a pinch ; is it not so?' ' jl on Know, neggy, or ongnt to mow by this time, that there is nothing I would not do for you,' was the reply. ' You darling, I knew I could rely npon you,', said Reggy, drawing her to him and kissing her as he spoke. ' Now listen to me, your Ladyship. The Duke of Cheddar, as doubtless you know, gives a garden party at Cheddar House next Monday, the day before Ascot. Ton »ill go, shall you not ? Good. Why, of conrse, now I recol leot, you are a relative of the Duchess. Well, the latest intelligence is— I heard it .only this morning on the very best authority — that the Duke, who is as preud of him as a young mother of her first born, is going to have his Derby winner, The Confessor, brought up on Snnday to his stables in town, so that he can show him off on his lawn to all the foreign princeB and swells assembled at his garden party, previous to sending him to Ascot to fulfil his engagements. The ConfeBSor is in the rich Prince of Wales' Stake on Monday, and is BUre to run, and equally sure to win, penalised though' he be, for there is no doubt he is' something quite out' of the common. Needless to say, he will start a red-hot favourite— odds .on, moBt likely. Now, I have sufficient knowledge of the . worid to be well, aware that the ladies (piretty souls !) will gush over this equine nero at the Duke's garden party, and press him with grapes, and bread, and bonbons to any extent. : _ T shouldn't, wonder if they tried him with champagne. Now, how would it be if a charming little lady of my acquaintance waa to offer The Confessor, in the most innocent manner iri; the world,, a lump of sugar — a little harmless lump; of 'sugar (horses are awfully fond j .of. sugar, you know), whioh sho ha3 brought with her on purpose ? And how would it be if Tho Confessor, a few hours after he had partaken of this funny little lump of sugar, began to feel, well — well, not exactly like his usual self ? Still, he looks 1 all right, and, bar that he does not feel quite so well as usual, nothing is apparently amiss with him. His number goes up _ for the Prince of Wales' Stakes, and notwith standing that ho, does not gallop with his accustomed dash, he is backed for pounds, shillings and pence by the stable and the public generally. One man, though, won' t have him at any price, and fields away in the pluckiest fashion, taking the odds whenever he can get them and to any amount. The namo of this unbelieving sportsman i3 Reginald Granville. (' Ha, ha ! ? likewise Ho, ho ! '). ; The raoe is run, and to the utter astonishment of overyone, the favourite is never in it, and comes in an ignominious last, looking fearfully distressed. Now, do you under stand my plan and see your way to lending (literally) a helping hand ? LEh, my Trix ? ' 1 'Oh! Reggy!' \ . - CUAPTEB I(. The evening is olose and sultry, and drugs apparently being at a discount, the establishment, of Mr. Balsam, the well known chemist and druggist in tho Brompton-road, is wrapped in repose. Mr. Balsam, having partaken of tea in company with his wife and daughter up Btairs in tho sitting-room over the shop, is now, with;his silk handkerchief over his bald pate to keep off the flies, enjoying a comfortable nap on the sofa. Downstairs in .the little room behind the shop, lolling in an easy chair with his legsdangling over the arm,andstudjiag the Sporting Life with an air of wisdom on his countenance, may be aeen_ at the_ same period Mr. Balsam's, darling assistant, Augustus Croodle, or Gus Croodle, as he is usually called by his intimate friends. ' So old Uncle Ben's coming up to town on, Sunday with the big hor3e, to exhibit him at the Duke's garden party the day after, before all these foreign toffa, is he ?' soliloquised Gus. 'Well, it's the first time 1 ever heard of a racehorse going to a garden party, and Fll bet it's the first time Uncle Ben was ever at one. I don't wonder, though, at tho Duke beine fond of such a horse as The Confessor. Dash my wig ! If I owned a nag like that I don't think I should like him out of my Bight. Lord ! ' exclaimed the young man, rising from his chair, ' how fond I am of a race horse, especially a good one like The Con fessor ! Anyone who'd * nobble,' a3 they call it, such a noble animal aa that ought to be hung, is my opinion ; hung as high as Haman— higher if possible.' « Well, I must a3k the governor for a holiday on Sunday, and go and pay Uncle Ben a visit at the Duke's stables, and have a look at The Confessor in his box— that is to say if the old 'un will let me.' So saying, the sporting young chemist, having pocketed his newspaper, betook himself to his usual place behind the counter, just in time to receive the post man, who entered with a letter. ' Augustus Croodle, Es-quire.' 'Thafs me, thankee, postman. Hot, ain't it ?' said the affable Gus, as he re ceived the missive in question. 'You're right, it is 'ot,' replied he of the letters ; 'makes one thuaty like, don't it?' ' Can I offer yon any liquid refresh ment?' grinned Gus; 'plenty here, you know. Try a glass of cod liver oil— onr own make — or Turkey rhubarb and mag nesia makes a pleasant drink in summer time. What shall it be ? Come, give it a name.*' 'Gar on with yer,' says postman, re ciprocating the grin as he left the shop. Mr. Croodle, once more left to himself, tnrned; his attention to the letter. ' Ah. I know who von'rn from.'? h»?i1 Iir. inspecting the monogram on the envelope, ' and I tell you what it is, my friend, I've a good mind to tearyou up without reading you. On second thoughts, though, I may as well aee what fresh villainy Reginald Granville, Esq., of L 2, the Albany, Picca dilly is up to, bo here goes. H'm ; you will be glad if I will kindly give you a call in the Albany between 9.30 and 10 this even ing, as you wish, to consult me on a matter of great importance. Ah, you do, do you ? Well, I'll go. As the postman was good enough to observe, it's precious 'ot just now, and a glass of R. Granville, ,E3q.'s ohampagne will fit in very nicely after a dusty walk up Piccadilly. Now, I wonder what hie little game is this time. I don't care what it iB, or how heavy the bribe iB, I'll have nothing more to do with Mr. Granville and his precious plants. I've .never forgiven myself, and I never shall, for supplying him with the needful for hocussing that poor young pigeon he got into his precious roomB that night and , robbed, so his valet told me, until he hadn't a feather to fly with. And such a mean hound as he is, too ! Gave me fifty pounds for the Btuff, and then cajoled me with that slippery tongue of his five minuteB afterwards into giving it hiin back to put on the certain winner of the Two Thousand. Thinking Gus Croodle, Esq., was in for a good thing, I was flat enough to hand the money over. The horse was Roderiok Dhu, who was last but one, but he wasn't half the Roderick Doo I found out my kind and boneflcent patron to be after the race. Though .he declared ' to me ho had piled his money on Roderick, . I know for a fact he baokedthe winner and won a ( hatful of money, inoluding my wretched fifty, which, of course, he pocketed. Yes,, Mr. Granvillo, it was a bad day for my peace of mind when you walked into this shop for a pick-me-me- up, and found me reading the Sporting Like behind the oounter. If I was to see much of you it strikes me very foroibly that I Bhouldmake my appearance in , the dock of the Old Bailey one of these fine morn ings. I wouldn't go near you ever again but that, if I can pay yon off for swindling me out of my Two Thousand winnings, I will, you may depend. Yet, artful as yon are, my heavy swell, I shouldn't wonder if Gus Croodle, the chemist's assistant, didn't turn out more than your matoh after all. However, at lOo'olook sharp I'll be there, and then we shall ; see. Moan whilo, here's a enstomer at last. 'Box. of Beecham's pills? Certainly, madam. And may I ask have you seen this very elegant preparation Mr. , Balsam has just, in vented for the teeth?' You'll like it, I feel sure. Thank you, madam. Where can I send ,it for yon ? No trouble, I assure you.' (Exit lady). ' Lor bless me,' exolaimed the sporting chemist's assistant, running his hands J gaily through his early locks; 'what a way I have with, 'em to be sure. If I had a shop of my own, aa I should have at this moment if I had my right, and that soamp of a Granville hadn't done me brown, why, I should make my fortune and retire in ten years, I know I should.' feHAPTEB III. In the steward's room of Cheddar House, the palatial town residence of that dis tinguished ornament of the turf, his G^nce the Duke of Cheddar, on the Sunday after noon preceding the Ascot week, sat two persons discussing with much apparent relish a bottle of champagne. . One of them was our friend, Mr. Augustus Croodle, the other, an elderly person of a jolly presence, addressed by the chemist's assistant as Uncle Jim, was none other than the Duke of Cheddar's trainer, the celebrated Mr. James Leary. ' And this is really true, this tale yoia've told me, is it, lad ?' said Uncle Jim, look ing hard at his nephew, the while he filled out for himBelf another glass from the gold-foiled bottle beside him. 'True a3 gospel, uncle, every blessed word of it,' replied his nephew. ' It's all arranged as pat as possible, he thinks. Ha, ha, ha!' laughed Gus, rubbing hia hands with delight ' What a game it is when I come to think of it ! Excuse me laughing, uncle. Let me tell it you again. On Monday morning (to-morrow) I have agreed to hand my friend and patron (hang him!) a lump of sugar looking so like the real thing that no one would dream that inside there ia enough coc'ulus indiens to kill several men, and make the strongest horse m training silly for a week. For this trifling favour I am to receive from my friend and patron (hang him again !) a cheque for a pony, and a promise of five hundred pounds more on Monday week. In addition, uncle, my benevolent friund was good enough to give me a bit of parting advice. ' Get amongBt your pals,' says he, 'on the day of the race, and lay against The ConfeBSor for the Prince of Wales' Stake until you're black in the face.' ' 'Confound his impudence !' growled Uncle Jim at this point. ' Go on, lad.' ' The next scene. nncle,' continued Gus, ' is the dncal garden party to-morrow afternoon. Dash my buttons ! I can see it all in my mind's eye as plain as I see yon. There, on the lawn, the centre of : an admiring crowd, composed of all the highest .people in the land, from HiB Royal Highness the Prince of Wales down ward, to say nothing of all the European celebrities and Indian potentates who are over here juBt now, stands the finest horse that, ever trod the British turf (the champagne was making Gus eloquent), the magnificent and unbeaten Confessor, winner of the Derby. At his' head is1 one who has long been regarded by the world in general, and the sporting world in particular, as the undoubted head of the profession he (ahem!) so well adorns (I needn't mention names, uncle).- Next comes npon the scene a very charming and lovely little lady — I've seen her, uncle, so I know. I know to a nicety what she'll do; she'll Bmirk and smile and chatter and show her jpretty teeth, 'and talk to the Dnchees abont that ? dear horse — may she pat him i 'Oh, dear, yes,' answers the Duchess ; 'The Confessor is the quietest horse in the world.' Then will ' come yonr turn, nncle. The little Jezebel, having paid you all' manner of compliments on The Confessor's condition — hia^ satin-like coat, &c.;— will ask your permission to give the darling a little tiny lump of sugar she has brought with her on purpose. May she? ' Oh, dear, yes,' you say; 'one lump won't hurt him.' She gives The Confessor the lump of 'sugar (containing — ha, ha, ha!— coculus indiens), turning, you will please to netice, rather pale as she does bo ; and having performed her part in the drama, retireB with pal pitating heart to another part of the grounds, probably^ to the refreshment marquee, to recruit her shattered nerves after her villainous deed.' '.' Hear, hear,' murmured Unole Jim; 'And now, uncle,' said Gus, with a grin, 'cornea the last aot. in this drama of fashionable life. The Confessor runs for the Prince of Wales' Stakes ' at Ascot on Tuesday, and wins in a eanter. The, grati fied Duke, having heard the Btory of the would-be hooussing of His favourite from the lips of. his trainer, is so pleased with the conduct and strength of mind, enabling him to resist temptation, of a certain young chetnist's assistant named Gus Croodle (well, you must own, unole, that .£500 was not to be sneezed at), that he requested to know in what way he could beBt serve the said Augus. Croodle. The said Augustus, wishing nothing better than to possess a ohemist's and druggist's business of his own (with, of course, the Duke's patronage), and to marry Archy Bessie Balsam, his employer's daughter, the question is easily answered.' ' I think youoan count on all that, lad,' exclaimed Onolo Jim, rising from his chair. ' You've done a good day's work, let me tell you ; and all I can say iu that if the Duke don't give you a leg up I know someone else that will. And now, ne v vey,' '. said .the old man, ' come along o' me, and you shall have a sight of Confessor — the .yery best horse, mind ye, that was' ever foaled, or over will be— in his box.' CHAPTER IV. To the intense delight of the sport-loving British publio, who were on him to a man, and who yelled themselves hoarse in his honour, The Confessor, treating his penal ties as a mere nothing, won the Piince of Wales Stake at Ascot in the commonest of canters. ' You see, he was none the worse for the garden party,' said the Duke, in his dry way, to his trainer after the race! '.N'ot a bit of - it, your grace,' replied that worthy man; 'perhaps,' he added, looking silly at his companion, 'the lump of sugar one of the ladies gave him did him good. Horses are bo fond of sugar, you know, your grace.' Humph 1 ' said the Duke, as he turned away. . Two^ persons there were on the course that aay who seemed more than disap pointed^ at the result of the race. They were the Lady Beatrice Leicester and Mr. Reginald Granville. The latter was heard to remark, aotto voce, that the brute, alluding to ?'! he Confessor, most have the digestion of an ostrich— a remark the meamng of which the listener* a youthful swell in the Guards, was unable to fathom. Extract from sporting paper of the period : — 'The Ascot settling passed over very satisfactorily on the whole, though there were complaints loud and deep respecting the missing account— a large one— of one well-known plunger. Extract from society journal of the period: — 'A little bird whispers in my ear that the name of the defaulting plunger at Tattersall s last Monday was Mi. R— n— d Gr— nv— le.' Notice.— To the inhabitants of the Brompton-road and the neighbouring nobility and gentry : _ ' Augustus Croodle respectfully presents his compliments to the above, and begs to inform them that he has lately taken over the old established business of Mr. Balsam, chemiBt and druggist, No. 158 Brompton road, where, by strict attention to busi ness; he hopes to en joy, the patronage so |?ng accorded to his predecessor. N.B.— Physicians' prescriptions carefully made 