Wxt loung $dk&. THE STORY OF AU OLD BRIDGE. [By T, Waldek, in St. NichoUs.l Past II. On November 13, 1396, King Richard, having been on a visit to the French sourt, re turned with a new wife. This was the second time he had celebrated a matrimon&l; pageant on London- bridge ; and though the former occasion had been as gorgeous as was then thought poe&ible;, this celebration easily sur passed tbe by-gone splendor. He had made both a great match and a little one. His bride was Isabel, the daughter of the King of France. Every Londoner with his wife waB out of course. So was every Englishman who could get there. Such a concourse, such a crush, euch an excitement had never before been known. Nine people were trampled to death on the bridge. The crowd at the tour nament bad been nothing to ibis. What was the attraction? Was it the extraordinary eplendor of the pageant? No. Was it to welcome the king pack'?— they wished he had never come back. The rumor that caused it had come on the wings of the wind, saying that the king, bow a man of SO, was bringing home a tiny queen of eight years old 1 Frssh from the nursery — perhaps with her doll in her arms— the bright little French princess was coming to London. This was enough to draw the multitude. : St. Nicholas some years ago contained a pretty sketch of &b; fairy creature, whose husband had to take her up in his arms whenever he ^would Meb her. But she did not wear her toy-crown long, for Richard in three years more had lost his own, and she returned to .France, a petite widow of eleven, to look back on an experience as wonderful as a child ever-had. I am glad, sow, to turn to a aoblerking, and to a more famous event on London- bridge — to a king more gallant than any who ever sat on the English throne — Harry of Monmouth — tbe victor of Agincourt. The schoolboys attending service in Westminster Abbey have, from generation to generation, looked up at his helmet, shield, and saddle where they hang high above his tomb; and they do so even to tbis day with a thrill of enthusiasm for the hero of that famous battle. But it was London-bridge which could best tell how England felt about Agincourt. It had been another (Dressy and . Poictiera — couriers bad spurred across the bridge with news of ten thousand Frenchmen JfUled, of. fourteen thousand taken prisoners, and all with a Ioes of only forty Englishmen. The news hsd come before the dawn, while tbeLondoners were still in their beds. But they ran to the churches, and in ten minutes every bell in London was ringing a ioyfol peaL A few weeks later, they heard of his landing at Dover, . and of how the' people had ruBhed into the water and borne him ashore. And so the -excitement grew, until tbey heard he was close at hand. Then came the mag nificenfc pageant of his reception. Twenty thousand citizens went over the bridge and down the road to meet him ; all of them, as usual, in the picturesque costumes of their trades. These tradesmen were organised icto ' guilds,' as they were_ called, which were privileged, and all very rich. They e3corted him through Southwark to the bridge, which presented a gorgeous tight. They had got up what was theB distinctively called a 'PAgeaut' upen it, wherein, after the curious taste of those days, were ail sorts of figures and em bltine, ai_d rebuses ; these, when put together, like the letters of the alphabet, gave out a pieateinor,nt of meaiji/iff. On the gate-tower, conspicuous amotg thmi, stood a giant — one 'tbat w&e; tuli grim oi might, to tea*;h the : Fitcchaieu couiteby.' j The piocesficn ftiuied for crossing the biidge; the. lord mayos and alderaeD, in scarlet P.o«-La stjC ud and whiu; hood?, took their pjsces about the joulLful conqueror ; tba 'guMfe' followed; tiie nobles, in spleridid at'Jip, ctriipleted the show. The truaipets and the horns sounded, the people shouted, tLe wind tv-avtd the bright banners over tiie loner, ai;d the bridge itself seemed lifted up with r.iirfe. as flit: gloriout array pissed under aich ai;sr area oi tiiumpli spanking its parbptts. A}, a She show f a 1bft bridge was oiily what was in ail the- srretis, for tfc-ree miies, until Weelnjitsster Palace ;.7&s; reached. Yoang £ir!s and yourp men were foremost of all ia fcl-ovs-fcihig Liiurl tor-giiB aud glided leaves upon Piince Bil's haEOEcme head. Some played rbucical inf.iiun ents, others sung anthems aal scsfSB. Ethiiid tbe lattices were ladies aa-1 gectler.jfr.. dressed in Ciiajnou, tine linen, and go;d. TLe street?, like the bridge, were s.) GttiEely crowded that; the hur-=euien could scarce^ it ike their way. And, sn-id it nil, the king ii: liis purple robe rede tloug — soltmn, t^oiigijrfal; and devout, revoivicg jetgreattr plans, and thanking God for «L»i; he had bten enabled to do. For, wilh all b.'s glory, England ha-i cevtr a mere high minded king then te. He felt that i'rovidcECe intended him to achieve a y^t more wonderful work in Fraaca, for that utimtry was in a feartuliy distracted stale. And tbiB made him eoon return thither to cany on the war. Ywihia seven years mor9 he bad won tbe crown of IVa&ce;, he had mar ried the Fxcnch piir.ees?, and he had nearly rts-turtd to that latid oider aud ueaea. Pails «as as deliglittd with Limas IjODdon liad been. The cup of bis success was fa?.t filling to tba biimwhen it-fell from his har.d. Ha died in whas geemed the midst of his great deeds. What a e.loom now fell upon Londqn biicge, 'when the b;ack- robed courier came lidicg over it, vsirh the sad burden of this news ! What a pill lay over the city when it heard that a fuaeral cavalcade, with measured steps and clow, was crossing Fiance, from Paris to S.ouen, and iiom Rouen tD Cal&ie; ! Soon a fleet bore hi3 body to Dover, and now the citizens awaited tfce solemn, melancholy spectacle, .which day foiiowir/g day brought nearer and nearar. The bridge was hung with black, as the f uueral car passed over it bearing a waxen figure of tbe king in his robes of n;ajesty, aad sur rounded by chanting priests in white vest mt nts, and knights and esquires in black armor. The youtg warrior's three chargers followed, and when the coffin was carried through the gates of vVesteintter Abbey and up the long nave those war horses were led up to the very steps of tbe altar. It is the saddle of one of tbem which now bsisg?i with the king's armor, above bis splendid shrine. As a contrast to all this, we may stop a mo ment to see what had happened at the bridge only eighteen yearsafter. during the weak reign r f Kicg Henry's son. It is the scene when London was defending itself against the fol lowers cf Jack Cade, a notorious fellow of co&mon; origin, who took the high born name of Mortimer, and ran a cutiouerace, as such up starts always do. At first Cade waa popular with tbe citizens of London ; but wb.eD,-with vulgar ambition, he rode across the bridare, iato tbe city, acd Etrack his sword on London Stone (a prehistoric monument, thought by some tc be a landmark from which diat^ces were mentured), sboutiner, *' No=v is Mortimer lord of the] city J' and followed this claim by pil.'agirg rich mansions, and other acts of violence, then his popularity ended, excepting srr.ODg tbe mob, where it began. He retired to Soutbwark, bat was resolved to enter the city again. This t&e; citizens determined he should not do. They removed the draw and barricaded the bridge. The in surgents made a grand rush upon it one Sunday night ; but th6 Londoners were pre paied, and the garrison of the Tower came down to their help. The fight lasted all night long ; nor did it stop until 9 o'clock next morning. Then Oadedrew off his men. They soon after dispersed and deaerted him. A large reward was set upon bis head. Then there was a great chase, and at last he was caught. So be did get over London- bridge after all ; tbat is, his head was set over the northern entrance — a kind of eminence he hsd not debited, but which vras then thought to be very fitting for him. Let us cow pass on in our account to the reign of' Henry VIII, If we were to linger lonj? ov^r - £b£&\- xpig xx-- we-ebould - be --3a7-3decl with pageants. There seems no end to taem. There ie, first, King Henry going over in -gorgeous pomp to make war in France. The records fairly take our breath away with their accounts of it. Again, a few years after, Henry crossed to meet; Francis I. on ' The Field of the Cloth of Gold,' tha very name of which hints at the display of splendor on the way. In' 1527 Cardinal Woleey went over upon an embassy to France in so glorious a style as to outshine the king himeelf, for he added the magnificence of a cardinal- prince of Home to the grandeur of being Lord Chan cellor in the -court of England. Then we hear of an imposing embassy from France coming to invest Henry with the Order of St. Michael. In due time Anne Boleyn appears on the bridge, riding beside Henry, to visit France. It was just after their return that they were secretly married. In. 1544 Henry goes over again; but now to fight Francis, of 'the Cloth of Gold,' his former friend, and crosses the Channel in a ship the sails of which were made of cloth of gold. You can see his effigy to-day in the Tower armory, ''armed at all points, upon a pied courser,' just as ha ap peared when he set out. And here let us leave him. He was a great showman, but we cau turn frem him without regret. But were I to tell of all whom he made to P&S3; under London- bridge you would think him a blood; -minded villain. I do not care to emphasise it; bnt you may know that the Thames was the 'silent highway' between the great judgment hall at Westminster and the Tower; a&dthat; the Tower had a gate opening on the water called the Traitors' Gate. Need I tell you more? Think of the condemned men, who canoe down in boats with the beads man's ass turned toward them, stooping their heads as the axe itself was lowered while they shot under the low arch of the bridge into the gloomy archway of their prison. The sight waB nothing new, and it did not end for many j ear e ; bntthe reign of Henry saw so much of it as to give me occasion for mentioning it now. But my space is diminishing bo fast that I must hasten 6u. Suppose we stop a moment and look at another insurrection with which the bridge again had something to do. It was in 1554. There was a rising of the ' Men of Kent,' under Sir Thomas Wyat, against Queen Mary. They were opposed to her coming to the throne — as they had good reason to be. Wyat, with 2,000 men, came toward London-bridge. The guns of the Tourer blazed away at them over the river, but nobody was bit. When be reached the bridge its gates were closed and its draw had been cut away. _ There were signs of great confusion in the city. The shops were shut, the women were shrieking, and the men were running about seeking for weapons. Now appeared a procla mation offering a thousand pounds for Wyat'e head. To defy them the more he stuck his : name in large, bold letters on his cap — Thomas i Wtat. Three days passed. The bridge | would not let him over. Then he went up the I river and crossed in boats, coming down that : way to the city. But all its gates were closed against bim. He had a fight at Temple Bar, and then had to yield himself a prisoner. Queen Mary had triumphed, but Wyat's act brought Lady Jane Grey to the block, and came near causing the death of Elizabeth; and London, to please the qneen, now made great preparations to receive King Philip of Spain, the proposed huBband of Mary, as he came over the bridge. This was the very man against whose coming Sir Thomas Wyat had struggled. Never was London-bridge so full of gibbets, never the bridge so covered with heads, as after this rebellion. Bloody Mary began to win her name. It perhaps surprises you that Sir Thomas Wyat could have been so easily stopped by the bridge at that time. If it had bees an open roadway it could not have stopped him ; bat it was covered with tall houses, some of them three and lour stories in height. They were dwelling-houses and shops, ranged along on both sides, and over hangintr the parapets. The street between them was a narrow arch way, only twelve feet wide, with wider spaces at intervals for foot passengers to get out of the way of the vehicles. London had not only gone over the bridge, bnt had settled down upon it. This had occurred several times before, but the houses were bnt shanties and had been re moved. Now, however, they were of quite a stately character. ?ou may imagine its odd appearance, and wonder how a decent city could allow such an incumbrance along its prestett thoroughfare ; but it was the way in thoee dajs. Everything was crowded together. The city itself waB a jam of houses, with but narrow crooked streets. In the reign of Charles II. there came a sud den relief to this state of things upon the biinge, snd a relief which made as summary a charge in the metropolis. A terrific fire broke out. which burned down almost the whole of London; It began near the bridge and then spread away in all directions. After a while it swept round and . came bask, plunging down the hill in a billow of flame, laying hold of the houseB on the bridge and leaving it ne&rly; as bare as when it was built. Tcib was one of the bridge's wildest ex perience e. It had always been on the lookout against the water, acd was prepared to let eveijthing go over it, ekcept rebels and such peop!e. But the fire was a friendly eaemy, end tbe bridge yielded a passage to ii very gladly, we doubfc not, when the fire oSered to relieve its old back from the burden of all *tho:-e houses. It bad nothing to fear for itself, though perhaps its aged stony spine might Lav6 bf en a little scorched. TLe old bridge stood 170 years after thi3, aud looked on a Locdon built much more sub ttantially than tver before. It etill bore up the iccieaeirg tides of its life, flowing back ai.d forth, and was more and more fainou? evf jy j ear as its history grew more aacieat acd tLe people remembered what wondrous fipbte it bad seen. No longer now did itsquaintold form appear in giave hibtory only, but also ia chronicles Etci stciies, in roteances and novels, aad e?en in uurseiy talee: for it was interivovea witi the joye and Borrows, the ligbfca and aaadowa of city life. Artists even found that they could never draw a true picture of London without putti&g; in Old Londoa-bridga. It has bten pictured in rcauy wajs, by daylight ana by moonlight, ia the darknesa of midnight, and amid tbe mists of deep fogs. The fame of it has gone everywhere, and cin never pats away. Its traditions still linger close beside the magnificent grauite structure which new spans the liyer in its sfcead. Some day you may stand on the parapet of tbe new bricge, tad look at the p)ice wnere the old bridge usea to be, 2C0feet nearer tha Tower; a place that will know ifc no more, except 33 it Esy be the haunt of an invisible ghost of the bridge, over which I have just; tried to tike sou in a dream- walk, covering C03 loflg yeais. Rut do you know tbat its memory — the n. emery of its fame in the day3 gone by— has already been among you, in a way that you bave probably never suspected ? What would you say if I could prove that the bridge went ovf r tbe Atlantic ocean to America geueratuaa Ego ? What would you say if I could show it to you in oce of the very games which you have p'iayed — peih3pB are playing now to aaiase tha litt]p r-nes? When in yonr very young days you san» : — ' Liit up fbe gates as u'»h as the aky, And let King Qeorge'and his troops piss by.' as tiro of the biggest among yoa looked naad3 ccd fciined an arch, which the others tried 6-j 'shcoV snd were ciught; and then when Etili t.tlier arches were formed beliiad these, scd the great pull set ia, all shoutisg together what the fit-fctarch had begun: — ' Lci.don-hridge is falling- doa-n— falling- dowa—' w bat was it but an echo of the past, the ancient voices cf the children in old London-to ;a re vived, chanting their belief in the gray old bridge, tbat never, like tb.eir own little hand3, could unlock Us arches from their hold, break apart or fall. 