[?] (Bt 'Not Oht.') 1 ZEBR CUP. IOriontal v. Corio, Ajfrieultural Ground. Iyanhoo v. Surry United, Wainliouae aen'a Ground. 1EVT AND SCOTT C.DP-PINAL MATCH, VoronaT. Diirliugton, Agrioult*riil Grouiv' KINSEt/A CUP. N.S, Bolmors r. larinciblo, Purness wiokst, EMPIRE CUP, M'Murlrle. Kellerinun v. J. Huntor, Wuro hoiiscmen'8 Ground. ie H Tho soason, as far «s sonior oriokofc is H «onoorn«d, haa olosod its folds on tho wintry _ H j8ya that are oominjr and on tho nh*rp aftor t ' H noons that urn already with us. Tho oriokot is H season of 1887-88 will for over, in th« history '6 H of sport in tha Australian colonics, J. H if 'n ^'10 w'ln^° British lOmpit-o, bo y H a nioniorablo ono. Assooiated with it will Ie fit always bs tho fact of two teams of Encrliah ?s ra tciokoterd touring tho oolonios, whioh i- M perliapo was never previously th',ut:ht . e H of a' prohablo, if oven possiblo, Tlioir |U preianoo has proved that such was ;b H possible, bnt tlio flunnoial oxporioncor, '? 3 of the promoters will porhapB have such a 9 H deterring offoot aB to mako a repetition an i H almost absoluto improbability, vid yet, withal, 7 II if tha failure of these spoonlatiii? ventures in 0 1 t jitooniary sense has done no great harm to :t H the game in thoao colonies, every Australian [. H ifko loves to sea his followa— -the yonth as d H well as the grown up man— exool in tho a H popular game— a game which aot« us a B stimulus to enetey, an attribute to health, and i- H undoubtedly a thorough auxiliary to tho im e n nrovement of those who partake in it, both y H mtntalondlphysioal— mnst. I say, inhisinivard a lioart feel a sense of gratification that thoy b have failed, whioh moans that the playors of n the colonies themselves will no longer bo f jobbed of tho enjoyment of thoir gatno, of the it iihilaratiner effeots consequent upon tho exer t tions caused therein, for they, tho Bpeoula il tors, have well nigh killed tho aoose that laid i- the golden eprus, and I eincerely hopo that it 8 will bo many a lijrijf day before the pnblio *nd players of tho Auitralian oolonios will ba e troubled by thoir presence. I do not s wish Messrs Lilly whito and Company or tho 1 Melbonrno Club any misfortune in any t future vonturos of tho. samo kind, but, never l tholcHs, it ia to be hoped that if the appeal of i Australians on bohalf cf tho welfaro of tho \- game in suah a sparsely populated area ha3 a no effect, tho pull on thoir pookets will tcach r a lesson \rhioh could be loamt only from a 3 like oxpnrionofl. To tho cricketers themselves ; of Now South Wales may the dull, tho lifeless, and tho (li^raot'ful state of olub oriokot bo c attributable Time after time, Saturday ; aftor Satnrd?,y, have wo not seen tho majority r of our leading ? seniors seated in tho members ? pavilion of tho Association Criokst Ground, * pasaivs spectators of fates aftpr faroe_, of f gate-money exhibitions timo after time, f instead nf standing by their clubs, thoir fellow-members, and t horns. tlvea, or oven to go 1 as far a-- to call on those picked to play in . matoh after matoh to refuse to bo robbed of thoir games, for whinh thoy havo to- pay, and to bo robbed of tlu ir onTy. ground. I saj ; thoy are to bo blamed for this state of affairs, ; but now that is all past, lot ua hopo that tho b&nefnl; effeots on olub cricket iu tho past will hftv-i mch a ra≮ , as to crush any further attempt on tho part of specu lators to rob nw of our national game, for so aurely as th-' darkness nomes with tho setting of the sun. tho day will oome, and that far too quickly, if wo fo»ter these visita of Enplish crinkntors, when Australians will be no longer known as orioketors of tho first ! rank, when wo Australians will never reuro dtiee Bucih demons as Murdooh, JVIassio, Spof forth, Piilmor. and others, for, in tlio gamo of cricket, praotioo is all and ovorythiug mm binod— not moraly net practice, but matoh 1 practice. J In Sydnov a rafiioal reform in the workiner . of sanirr oriokot i' required. Boyond the players themselves, thero is no interest taken , in tho gann and very often only n. Tory triflmp coiie*rn i» felt by somo of thom. j Why, tho notion of th» Association, in de- , otding that the winninir olnb keep po»8essi«Ti of the ground, was a most ludicrous ono. and not worthy of omanatioa from a pack of snhonlbors Rv this action tho Carlton Criokot Clnb woro gtTon en'ir* postession of - (he only decent wiokot for tho season, for thoy i winded tko flower of Now Sonth Woles orioketers in P. M'Don noll. C. Ttimor, A. and C. Bannermsn. and H Hi'ldlnstAn, not. to mention I-. Opilvio (who ?'??ns thought good enough to play in an intornationnl matoh). end T. Wales, th* wiok»t-ke'p Tho only olnb that had a ghost of a show to lowor the colours of t.hiR team was the TJnlvidores, and when thoy fnilod, tho wlnninc olub wont risrht throughout tho season yon mipht nay. for when' tho Australian Eloven '«ft for England sonior oriokot oloted here. Thon. and not till then, n few wonks ago, t,h« Carllons woro dislodged, and on thin particular oeoasion of defoat thoy oonld havo won had various members of their team put in an nupcuran^'. The University played but littlo. tho Warwioks woro hardly even heard of. tho Alborts and Osbornos woro com pelled to meet junior and seoond junior taams I time aftor timo. and tho Bolvideros appoarod to bo tho only olnb that did play at all roerulnrly, for even whon bier matohes wore on the cround, the mombors of this olnb woro not always led away — they played, if not on tho Domain, in some of the suburbs. Tlioso who framed and oarried this rule niunt hava thoueht eololv of tho Carlton Criokot Club, or olso I am very muoh^nistaken. Thoiish tho Feaaon whioh is on th» eve of closing has proved an absolute failure as far *s senior olnh orioket ig ooneornod. it is a aouro* of great satiofaotion to knew that, this ealony at all events has done a great deal more than hold its own aorainit »U opponents in representative matohes. We defeated Lillywhita's English team twioe out of throe eon tests, defeated Vernon's team noi out of two games, and we boat tho Viotorians twice, so that in as far as representative orioket is oonoerijed we are at, the top of tbe ?tree. To Meairs. H. Moses. P. S. M'Ponnell and S. P Jones with tho bat, apd 0. Turnnr and J. Ferrie with tho ball, may the oredit of onr viotorios be given : or. if we may oro ?till further, to H. Moeesahd C. Tnrnor. The first matoh against Victoria at Christmas time we wore nearly loainsr, and tho only victory gained by Lillvwbite's team over us should never have om'ed eo. However, look at it as-you may, with tha porformanoos of ?our reprosontatives Jin first-class matohos wo must bn thoronghly satisfied, and it is to bo ?stnoerely hoped that noxt season will soe onr howlers in just as good form as over. We will not have to rely solely on Turner and Ferris to' do all iu this department. If a competition for a oup such as would exottn ?some intorest for tho playors themoolvos was established, our sonior rankR would bo strengthened to a groat extent Thny could Pl»y tho matohes on tha Dorosiin. and also on th# Association Qrennd, and if thincrs wore managed proporly a. groat dpal of intprct would bo manifested in tho comit'iiiti' '. Thore would then be an inducement for jtini r players to leavo thoir old.olnbR- and '7n in f'.- Jsnior orioket. If such bowlors aa P. Charl ton, E. TIuma_ and Swootna.ni, bosidoa others I oould montion, woro playing with sonior oluhs last year thero oould liavo boon notbjxg oxaopt rank favouritism to stop th-m from I hemg ohoBen. I understand that P, Charlton will play senior oriokot noxt season, Jitid so will somo more of our really bost juniors, and Ituoro will bo a great irapnttin givnu to senior oluH oriokot if a oup is offered for com . PoHion. 'I'ho results of all intercolonial mntohc.q with ono oxooption wero in favour of thiu aolony, and this dofeat w is whon our rne-miMi ? --yer a vory, vory poor team t-- moot tho Viotoi'ian Warehousomon on thoir own : gromo. Wo won tho Railway matoli, tho JLo'o/raph Oporators matoh ana tho Lauds Oman matoh. ? Our Viotorlan oonfli n have oloaed thoir soason, but to them it haa proved a very disastrous. ono Indeed. -They; wore , boaton twioo by this oolony , onoo by South Australia, and also by both English teams in ? ovary matoh, bo that their raoord could not bo any worse, Whero thoy have failed is in the bowling. Thoir batsmen aro good enough' for anything, but thoy have no ono to- replaoe Palmer and no one to onulato. the doeds of Spofforth, who is not so suooesaful as of old. However, wo hopo that noxt season will see them muoh stronger in this depart ment. Trott and Worrall will, or rather ought, to be muoh improved, aud thon H. Trumble should also be moro deadly, for this season's experience in first olass matohes ought to have a most bonefioial effeot on his play in future. In representative matohes, that is inter national and intercolonial, J. M'llwraith hoads tho list of batting avoragos, with the oxoellont figures of 43*87 for nine innings. Is the intsrooionials his average was 41'50 for fonr innings, and in the internationals 46'25 for five innings. Tom Horan, tho evergreen old warridr, oaoupies tho second place on the list, with 30 33 for 14 innings. His figuros in the intercolonial matohos wero something grand, being C333 for fonr innings, but ho fell off against the . Englishmen, as his average was 19 3S for 10 innings. They cannot do .without him yet, and I do not think that they will be ablo to do so for somo timo to come. In all matches the avoragos of others who havo reaohod double figuros are as follows : — J. Blaokham 2-t'20, W. Bruce 22'23, B. Hou ston 21-25, W. R. Bobortson 17*33, P. Walters 15.88, J. W, Trumble 14, T. Tnrner 14, and F. Spofforth 10. J. Wor rail's average is 8(J8, and H. Trott's 0 07. In the bowling lino J. W. Trumblo has fourteen wiokots at 22 '92 por wicket. J. Wor rail's averago is 25 for nino wiokots, H. Trumble 25.71 for fourtoon wiokots, whilst Trott, who oaptnred twonty-six wiokots, has 2G'46, and P. G. M'Shane, with twelvo wiokots, ia oontont with 34'50 of an average. Tho match betwoon the Bolvidoro and Alborts, on tho Association Ground, was con tinued on Saturday, and though tho game must stand drawn, tho Belvideres had much the better of the play. It may be reoollootod that thoy. mado Sl^rnns in their first innings, to whioh tho Alberta replied with 121. Of those J. Shepherd contributed 61 by confident batting, and although he did not show any groat stylo, tho runs wero put together by first- olass oriokot. Iu the Booros «f this matoh on Sunday last, a duck is plaoed opposite his name, but in_ the notes above this he ii ore dited with his proper soore. The omission was a typographical error, and there was no help for it. Ormiston played a good patient innings for 18, Soanlon made 16, and J. Julian 15 not oat. In the follow on tho Alberts lost four wiokots for 4Q runs, so that they were still 52 runs behind. S. Wearn# made 17, whon he was run ont, and in the first essay he waa thrown out for 9, so that he waa out of luok, W. Hughes mado 11, and Ormiston proved what a oonstant acoror he is by reaoh ing double figures again, and he was not ont. In tha first innings J. Docker captured four, wiokets for 24 rnns, W. Richardson throe for 66, and Ward one for 11. The matohes for tho Kerr Cnp were ad vanced another stage on Saturday, and tho attendanco of the publio was a largo one. The Corics and Orientals attracted most attention, and certainly tho play in this match was of a muoh more exciting nature than that on the adjoining ground. The Orientals, who had only two wickets down for 56 runs, resumed their innings, but, to the surprise of all present, the other eight batsmen p ut only 59 runs more on to this number, miking the total 115, or only 13 ruas to the good. C. Patriok was the only ono to- keop hia wicket np any length of time, and it was not until he added 30 rnns to his not out soore of 26 that he was dismissed. Throughout ho plaj«d a oapital gatno, his outtinc» vory good, and though a ohanoe or tiVo Vew given 1# is to bo complimented on his plucky display. Though none of tho otiier batemon reached double fiances, Sid Gregory deserves somo orodit for the nice form he displayed whilst putting together his quota of nine. The oaujs of the failure of tho Oriental batsmon in such a marked manner was due iu no small measure to the trundling of A. NowoH, who kept & oapital length throughout. His averago was six wiokets for 23 runs, whioh is good enough for anything. Boforo te-day tho olaimB of Newell as a trnndler have been advocated in thoBe columns, but as the Corios appoar to ? havo quite enough trundlinir talent withont him ho has not been tried much. A oouple of ahanoes were missed off his botvling. Sweet tiam's average waa four wiokets for 59 run», but he did net bowl up to first-class form. The Orientals were not at all favoured by jood luok in thoir innings, however, forV. Adams, H. Donnan, and A. M'Crea were all caught by John Austin bohind the wieket, and -hia is never, from a. batsman's point of view, a re ry satisfactory dismissal. Austin deserves ;reat oredit for the able manner in which he topt the atioks, and on his form on Saturday isithor Sid Doaao nor F. liounaevoll ctu ;cach him muoh. Tho Corios started their seoond in nings by sending in G. Cewper and Colkea, but to the delight of the fieldsmen mil their Bupporters, who, by the way. woro jither afraid or soomed to bo very scares, Frasor bowled Folkos for a couple, aud then Hinohy was oanght bohind the wioket by ET. Luland, off Donaan's bowling, for a oonple. [t may be atatod that through Y. Adams »ot boing present Luland and Fraser kept nickcte, or stood at nhort stops at different times. When Nowell joined Cowper some steady play was indulged in, but aft.r a short ciine both batsman played more freely, tho rnns woro put on at a fair pace, which necessitated changes boing mado in tho bowling. H. Meagher and Sid. Gregory were tried, but although a couple of ohanoes wore given, the batstaen managed to keop thoir wiokots intaot until stumps were drawn, tho total boing 69, Cowper having 39 to his orodit and Nowoll 24, and each batted very woll. Cowpor reoeived another blow from Frasor, through the bowler returning the ball quiokly, whioh aaoidentally struok tho batsman. As the game now stands the - Corios are 56 rnns to tho good, with eight wiokets to fall, so that a olsse finish may be looked forward to if the Orientals play up. To win, tho Corio* will neod, I think, at least another hundredjruns, f .t Luland is not tho ? ono to throw awr.y his innings a second time, and Donnan ought to make more than a couple. However, we ought 'to know before this day week who will win, though^ at present the Wentworth Park olub havo just a littie tho better -of it, which may be roversed as the next Saturday's play proV grosses. The Surry Unitods and Ivanhoes are fighting thoir battle over again in a vory. easy fashion. Very fow people were watohing the play on Saturday, the other contest . apparently absorbing all interest. Well,tthe Snrryi, it may be rocolleoted, had eight , wiokets detrn for 105 rnns, whioh was in-' oreased to 133 before the next twowiiket^ fell. To J. Hillier may ttiie healthy finish ba . attributed. He mad* 20 of the 28. runs, , whioh ee'e-ns strange oomiwe from this littw, ?teriewaller. Hi* score of 37 run* was com piled in oapital *tyle, when he fell a viotim to, Charlton iu the slips. P. Kelly, who had.fonr wiokets for 7 runs on tho previous Saturday, oame out with the bast bowling average, m* ?flf ures being five wiokets for Jil run* off- 84 balls. P. Charlton captured five wiokets also for 38 r«ns, off 170 balls, and bowled »plo» -Jidly, moro especially on the first day. The Ivanhoos ojknod thoir innings rather badly, for Ed. Kelly, ono of the most reliablw bats in tho toam, was caught at Bhort log off Buokle boforo ho had soorod a run W. ~ Camphin aud P. Kelly, however, woro the edgo off tho bowhwr, au'S in about half an hour a couule of ohaugop had to bo mado, but without- offoot. E. Hum« tried to buuip for tho first f«iw ovorB, but tne wioket played too well, and aftor this thu bov/lor appoarod to give no trouble whatever to the batsmen. When tlio soore readied be-, twoen 60 and 70 Canipbin was unfortunate ououtth to bo run out. aftor playine a oapituf th'ongh patient gatno, for 22 runs. P. Charlton was not in vory Ioiik when ho saw Buoltlo (who had changed ondu), bowl P. Kelly, with what apponred to bo only «? mouorato ball. This batsman's sooro wn-i 51, and during its compilation ho showed some brilliant strokes. His outting was torrillo, and ho laid tho wood on when driving with ui&rvollous; force. Ho gave a ohanco or two, but only ono could no lookod on as possible, and that was a vory hot. ono to J. Thompson, who was very deep m tho Blips— about 30yds, 1 should Bay. a. '-Ut- | oholl and Charlton oombiimd to It took tbi« bowling about, whioh by thin time was com pletely off. Mitoholl soorod muoli faster than hiB partner, wlio, however, was batting fine style whon Humo bowled him lor 11 runs.* Charlton tnudo a ooupio of be* nti itul drives, whioh, howo-voi', woro woll fieldod, and ju»t when he waa bawled ho appoarod I to bo woll sot. J. Eyora oamonpxt, but after adding a ooupio he was bowled by a vory, vory poor ball from Ernost Ivonsidoa.- Stumpa were then drawn, the reoord boing, 119 for tho loss of five wibketa. They are 14 runs behind their opponents total with Oro wiokets still to fall, and should tbe re maining batsmen make anything liko a decent show thoy ought to havo something to the good on the first innings. The Veronas defeated the Marriokvilles by six wiokets on Saturday. Tho latter toam olosod their socond innings for 175 runs— a vory good soore, Thoao who batted best were G. Fronoh 29,. W. French' 23, Bule 22, Payne 16, and A. Fren'oh and Dibley 14 eaoh. The Voronas required about 60 runs to win, whioh they obtained aftor losing four wiokots. A. M'Konzie mado 22 not out and Doyle 14. Noxt Saturday, the Darlingtons and Voronas start tho final matoh for tho Cup, and a splendid gome may be lookod forward : to. Boforo tho oompotition commenced my 'solootion for the oup was the Verona Club, i but I think thoy will find in tho DarlingtonB a hottor olub than any they have yet mot ; the last named team have better bowlors than the Marriokvilles, and quite as good, if not better, batting team. L notioed in several of tho matohos, whon tho Voronas were in the field, that noarly all the rnns woro eoored on the leg, so that bowlors ought to .try and keep more to tho off, more especially J. Young. May the bettor of the two win is what I say, but, nevertheless,- 1 will stand by my eeleo tion at tho beginning of tho soason. Tho Invincibles and North Shore Belmores started thoir socond metoh for the Kinsola Cup on the Furnoss wioket on Saturday, and, judging by tho present state of the game, the Invinoibles will bo demolished again. The Mooro Park Club batted first, but could only' mako 26 runs,' Williams contributing 12 not out. Deano and Whoaley .oapturod fivo wiokets eaoh at a trifling coBt, Tho Belmores led off badly too, for five wiokots were down for about four runs, but Borcery and Rebort son mado a good stand, bo that the total was 56 boforo they- wero all out. Beroery made 24 and Robertson 12. Williams trundled splendidly for the Invincibles. The Australian Eleven have landed in the old country, and will begin thoir first matoh on Monday. May tho boys win, and may ? Turner and Ferris have a wioket that will suit thom just to show what they oan do. As the soason is woll nigh ovor, I intend to ?obtain the avoragos of our senior olubs as soon as posBiblo, and publish them altogether, tho names being arranged aocording to tho fignros. This will then sorvo as a reoord for our readers to keop by thom. The averages 'of tho first-olass junior olubs will alBo be arranged similarly as soon as possible after thoir season oioses. The Alberts are already in the field with their averages, and I am glad to be able to note that W. Hughes oarries-off the batting trophy, with an average of 25-5 for 13 innings, inoluding one not out. S. Wearrio, with ari average of 11*7 for twenty- Bix wiokots, wins tho bowling trophy, and he bowled 553 balls, and played in seven matohes. However, J. Julian has a muoh better average, and is, I am inclined to think, entitled to a trophy in . recognition of his first-olass reoord. Ho only played in five matches, and bowled 547 balls. talcing twenty-six wiokets, at an average of 8'15, whioh ib deoidedly better than tho othor. Tho final match for tho Empiro Cup has been tho canso of no little excitement on the Warehouseman's Ground. The contesting olubs are the representatives of Messrs. M'Mnrtrie, ICellerroan and Co. and Messrs. J, Hunter and Co. Tho former iriado 95 in thoir first innings. Hourican coatrihuting 34, Pur oell 11, and Leary 16. John Hunter and Co. made 119, Slooombo 33, Willingdalo 25, Prideau 16, and B. Ross and Arnott, 10 oaoh. On behalf of Hunters R. Boss nnd Willing dalo oapturod fonr wiokots each, two boing run out s and for M'Murtie and Co., Murray baggod_ soven wickets and Arthur thrao. A dispute aroao over the matoh for tho Evos Cup between .the Olivette aud Ox ford olubs. It ssems from statements sub mitted to ub that the Oxford wore fivo minutes late in getting into the field on tho second day of the match, March 24, and whon thov won the Olivettes protested under tho olauaa whioh compels the matohes for thie. oup^ tq Btort at 3 p.ki. sharp. The 'mail ri- gor ' of the cup advised them to play a Grain, and the Oxford seoretary agreed, on oondition that thoro should be no ground foes and that thoy play on the cup wickot. The day bofore the match tho 'manager'' gave tho Olivotte sec. permission to play on any available wioket. The event oame off on a wickot whioh the Olivettes were accustomed to, and. tho former winners lost, thoy consider, as a oonse'quonce. They now ask for an expres sion of opinion in these columns as to what oourso should in fairness be adoptod, aa thoy consider they havo been illtroated. Onr opinion is that the Oxford were foolish in the first placo to allow any protest on such a paltry ground as fi ve minutes, especially as 07en then their fieldsmen woro waiting after the 3.5 for the Olivette batsmen, without letting it go before tho committee, who wauld surely never havo uphold so frivolous and vexatious a protont. Whon thoy had agreed to a ' play over ' thoy wera foolish a train in going on with the matoh whon tho conditions mutually agreed to, aa to ground and two disinterested umpire', wore brol.'on. Having entered a protest, however, boforo starting on the etrango wickot they havo a right to take the whole question before tho committee, anil should do so. And our advioo to the committee ia that they ordur the matoh to be played again,- on tho Cup wicket, and pro vide two disinterested umpiros. That oonrso would1 not at rest any ill-feeling in tho matter, and b'o'Eesi for all parties. Next Cantorbury Park meeting will be held oa. May 19, whon] tie toUftVinu programme will.be gono thrmijjE-.— IfnjcHo Ratio, 75 «ovs. 2 milusj Tho Flyfti£ .'Handioap, 75 eova, S fnrioneSSOydu; Auiaiiiih- Handioap, ISO sovs, 1 'milo .l'furloug ; .Disposal 'Stakes, 75 son?, 6 furlongs j ? Stewards Mile, ?CO'.sov's, 1 milo. EntridA oIohb' tfav .8. a«H' th'ri Aoiffhts will bft out aboiii.M'ay ' t .'t^ll, ben. en- that tho ntunlH'ij rune.i is redyiqufl . to five, quite ? enough for .an afternoon's sport. Therffis a* dark-Derby colt at Flemineton, and '- Anmc-(l -u8 ' says of him:—' If there is one nntrlod Derby candidate more than mi qther' in, \yhoRe , future career I feel a keen interest it is Tho Plunger's handsome brother, Benfeon, by Argus Soandal from Lady Kllsn. A Boaocd' Dtircbih in appoaranoo. I will be grgatly BUJ-pr^ned if thia aristocratic looking yonng*ter'* tloe*4 not blosHom into a elinker. Mr. liedfp,(iTn-ho« bofn very lenient with him all throuirh the season and vhorovor tho blaok ooltiiaa, o»B*y«d a spirt in coinpony Vith . fihhrohilt and Contrition, ho mevor failod' to' Vin thu 'ftdmirAtion of those who aro.capabl'i o'f appreciating galloping merit in a Tonngator.of hi is 602'. How many -'-ill vot-i at tho forth coming election ? Uol! up, and support pro gress mon suoh aw Mes-rs Long and Dangar. Noxt meeting of t.lm Ro»ehill Club on May 22 should be a very popular one. The ovents are Empire Handicap, Hurdle Raoe, Gran, ville Stakes, Rostrum Stakes, and tiosohill May Handicap. Trust Mr Rowley lor find inr new names. Rostrum is good, '_wery good.' Th-* amount of the stake* will be fixed so that ro win»'rs will inc»r penalties for the Qunen's Birthday mooting. This is another wise provision , The Rosehill Raoe Club are always to the 'fore in matters of progress. Thoir plan for registering jookeya has succeeded admirably, and how tlioro are nearly seventy jockeys on the list who have rimdily paid tho small feo ohnrgod This bj stem in an admirable ono, ,i\» it keeps men out of the jookoy.i' room that havo )io business thoro. Probably the A.J.i'. -vj'l follow tho examplo of tho ' go- ahoad raoe t 