I. THROUGH CITY AK'DCOU^TMY.,: IMPRESSIONS BY THE "WAY. AT BROKEN HILL. , . I (.T.T. OUR SPECIAL COMMISSIONER.) ' . I would like to give those who may read this article on idea of what Broken Hill is really like. I am sure that most people have but hazy notions of it, of the country surrounding it and of where it is. Only this morning a doctor told me that there came a letter the other day from a bank manager in the metropolis or suburbs,, addressed to Broken Hill, South Australia. Another gentleman told me that friends of his in Sydney a month or so ago were grieving in his presence that Broken Hill was not in New South Wales. Since I wrote this article I have been shown a letter from a Melbourne gentleman, addressed to " Broken Hill, Queensland." This ignorance is not general, of course ; but even a small per centage of it would be too much. Perhaps one could write on no subject that would be of greater interest to the people of New South Wales than the one I have chosen for this article. My responsibility is therefore greater. But in starting out I know that I shall be speaking to a constituency large numbers of which have no real idea of what their investments in mines up here mean, and who have fashioned for themselves a romantic place, where their particular mine is held in I largo estimation, and which is destined to bring them into fortune and all future ease. If they could but come and see how much of their money has been sunk in a little hole in the ground, and how little tokens there are of dividends in the near future, they would dismiss their day-dreams, and settle down to the preparation for the worst that may befall them, for indeed there will be but the few who will make fortunes, as there are but the few who have made them. Broken Hill has been, as a keen non- investing man said: to me yesterday, a " Cave of Adullam." How many a man, how many a woman, and how many a boy has sunk nil in wild-cat schemes, in paper mines, in syndicates that were formed upon assays of ore that never came from the places. from which they were said to have been taken we shall never know, but here and there in one's small acquaintance one comes across the victims of speculation. The retired worker who had laid up sufficient to live in comfort for the rest of his life has been obliged to take up the burden again, and so he will hold it till the fitful fever £3 over-his shoulder to the wheel that he hoped never to be obliged to turn again. The mechanic who mortgaged his furniture, the draper who sold his shop, the clerk who left his counter, and the farmer who sold his farm and came here buoyant and hopeful, have gone back ruined, hopeless men, while the few speakers have gathered in the harvest Standing yesterday-Sunday it was-on the highest peak on Broken Hill, and looking down to the dusty mushroom place beneath, one could not help but ask one's self many questions, and some of them I shall try to answer in these articles, let their value be what it may. It was a bright morning when I arrived, and there were many cabs waiting at the station. One could see little else but dust and corrugated iron, but smoke and' barren, scrubby hills and plains. Moving down through walls of dust I was glad when the Australian Club Hotel was reached. It is a comfortable, spacious building, with balconies round it I was fortunately told the name of this and two or three other hotels before I came, or I should have been in a quandary! I said to a cabby, merely out of curiosity, " Which is the best hotel here ? " " Well, sir," he said, "it would be pretty hard to tell, for there are 47 altogether ; but there's the York, sir, and the Grand, and the Australian Club, and Durantis's, and the Royal, and the Masonic, and the Bonanza, and the Crystal, and "-" There, that will do," I said. " Put me down at the Australian Club Hotel." He did so. He charged me 2s. for the five minutes'' drive, and as there were two others in the trap, he earned 5s. for his five minutes' work-I should hardly have said " earned it He demanded Os., and he got it. This is on a par with, prices generally at Broken Hill. One will pay three guineas a week here for board, or 10s. a day at hotels that are-well, hardly equal to Petty's, or Roberts', or the Empire. But these are prices that were established in the palmy golden days of Broken Hill, that is four or five months ago, when the place was full of people and fun. The golden days are gone ; the honest level of value has now come, and a large number of the people are also gone, and most of the fever, too ; though yesterday, in the hospital, I saw a strong, full blooded man fighting with the grim enemy, and losing in the conflict and near him was another sinking ing away into the dreamless 'rest the sleep that knows no waking," The sun is setting as I sit here writing on the balcony of the hotel, and between me and the golden glamour there are vast clouds of dust arising, and heavy waggons go in slow procession, drawn by horses that once, perhaps, were fat and well-looking, but now are worn, fagged creatures that scarcely ever get a good day's feed-" a feed as U a feed," 03 Charles Dickens' yokels would say. Here, too, go the long lines of ox teams and one can hear the sharp crack of the bullock-driver's whip, as he urges his mook, weary cattle on the last stage in their journey.' Curtains of dust blow about them, and one's mind reaches beyond them out to the measureless plains, where the camels take the place of of horses, and where the land is beginning to bear the pall that covered it in that terrible season of 1888 and 1889; that season when one fed on bread that was chiefly weevil, and salt pork and damper, no milk, no eggs, - no decent living; when brave women succumbed to the dreary life, and fell sad-eyed into the silence before the rain came to refresh the weary land ; when strong men prayed and cured by turns their so hard fate, and when they asked, with what anxiety none of us eastern people can tell, if the land would never have a turn. Rain came at last, and the land arose from its death in life, and gave bread again to man and beast Those days, however, can never quite come again, for there is this railway opened up to Broken Hill, and Wilcannia is now 100 miles nearer the markets than she was before, and that means much in a land where the most well-to-do squatters are reduced to one or two horses, as was the case in the dark days of which I speak. From the Barrier Range, then lonely and strange, the western folk will be able to get succour now, and yet when one looks round, this does not seem like a feeding place for the hungry many. Here are houses of canvas and corrugated iron, little places mostly that one would kennel a dog in or a cow in more settled districts ; tents, lean-to, miserable shorts dot the scrub land far and wide, while here and there a pretentious villa stands out conspicuously in the meanness that surround it " It is but a small dwelling that makes a villa here! and the hotels are simply palaces by comparison of surroundings. The hotels are certainly most creditable. The three principal ones are well kept and very orderly, and the cooking is fair. One or two of them are quite swagger in their arrangements, and the menu cards are written in aggressive French. There are boys in ivory ; there are silver plate, and side tables, and French wines, and many courses and a general attempt to make the Broken Hill folk believe that they are just as well off as if they were living at Menzies', or at the Adelaide York, or at Petty's. I am inclined to think that many of them do believe so. At one hotel where I lunched yesterday five entrees stared me in the face, and other things in proportion, and one felt that one would have to discard any notion of being free-and-easy because one happened to be in a mining town. free-and-easy forsooth! I wish the people who imagine Broken Hill to be a place where one lived like aboriginals could have been with me the other evening to the opening of the Theatre Royal in Argent- street here. I wish they could have seen mingling with the noisy miners the swells in evening dress who > paid their 5s. for reserved seats, and came proudly in, undaunted by the cheers of the underground toiler in his slouch hat and dirty jacket. Why there was a major in undress uniform, there was a volunteer captain in full dress, there was a fire brigade captain docked out in official attire, and maids and matrons in lace and silk and muslin, as if they had stepped out of a boudoir at Darling Point, or Toorak, or the South- terrace. But just here, perhaps, I might record something of that performance, for it marks an era in the career of Broken Hill, or Willyama, as the natives call it. On arriving here the other morning I was surprised to see at the breakfast- table some actors and actresses whom I had seen play in Sydney and Melbourne in well-known dramas, and I picked up the paper to find what it all meant, Those I saw announced that on Saturday evening the first theatre of Broken Hill would be opened, and Grattan Riggs' company would appear in the "Irish Detective." The building was to be called the Theatre Royal, and Mr. W. J. Cummins was announced as the sole proprietor. This was worth looking into,' worth as much certainly is some other things with which I will have to deal, FO I I turned to the only man I then knew in Broken Hill, and asked him about it he said, " You must come and see for yourself." Sol did. This companion, who will accompany me far into the ' interior, was one with whom I had travelled two years ago across the plains between Wilcannia and Menindie ; with whom I had tried to shoot emus and kangaroos ; with whom I had cooked wild duck and boiled a billy of tea, and who is as hale and kindly a man as, one would wish for a fellow traveller. This was W. J. Harrison, superintendent of roads for this far west, and who knows it like a hook. I count myself as fortunate that when I' entered the breakfast room the morning of my arrival, he should be the only man in the room, and the first face that I should recognise. I felt. myself safe at once, safe as regards information and direction, and I have not been mistaken. So together we went to the Theatre Royal, and there we found Mr. Charles MacMahon, the manager for Grattan Riggs, who took us into the building. It is a pretentions place, that will hold over a thousand people. It was all confusion in the morning at 10 o'clock. They were fastening down the chairs, and the stage was covered with apparently half-finished scenery. One could see at a glance that the theatre was built by an amateur. The construction of the dressing rooms, the height of " the flies' the plan of seating, were all indicative of the work of an architect that had not been accustomed to doing theatrical construction. But still it was a most creditable place. In Sydney it would not have been much, but it is almost as good as the Gaiety, and quite as large. It is a big thing for Broken Hill, and the proprietor is as proud as a man can be without busting his buttons. . . <? An hour after, I met Grattan Riggs. It was a good many! years since I had seen him, but he is as young as ever he was-the same clear eye, genial face, ; and humourous manner. He was nervous about the evening, and I did not wonder. This helter skelter population, who could foresee what kind of an audience it would make ? I depended on the scene that would occur at this opening to got some of my best impressions of Broken Hill. I was not disappointed, and Grattan Riggs found that he might have spared himself his anxiety. But he was not the only anxious one. I had seen a well-known actress nervously pacing up and down the balcony of the hotel, with ! weary eyes, studying a manuscript attentively, and then throw herself exhausted in an arm-chair in apparent hopelessness. I found out afterwards the cause. She was trying valour ously to commit to memory a prologue which had been written for the opening, and though she had always been considered " a quick study" she could not learn the 52 lines of poetical heraldry. When I heard it that evening recited before the footlights, I did not wonder at the desperation of the young actress. What I did wonder at was the marvellous patience of those miners, at the courage of the actress to pursue her task to the bitter end. It must quote a few of the lines here ; but before I do, a short description of the scene might not be uninteresting. Outside there was a wind which raised clouds of dust, down Argent-street the people were pouring and a-many of them had " more aboard " than they could well carry. In front of St. Leon's Circus, to which admission could be gained " at million prices," a band was playing with perfect independence of any concerted harmony, and the overflow of the theatre was marching in to see "Dick Turpin's Ride to York." Around the doors of the theatre there were hundreds gathered, but only those who had secured seats could gain admittance. When I got in all except the dress circle, for reserved seats rather were crowded. The fashionables, as is their custom, came in just a little late, much to the delight of the dusty sinners at the back, who yelled with delight at the white neckties and claw hammers. I remember distinctly there was a band ; no, two bands-one string and the other one brass the string just to the right of the footlights, and the brass at the other end of the hall, standing in a door, which is ultimately to lead into a gallery dress circle, but which now opens abruptly into the space over the heads of those who purchase 2s. seats. There are no la. seats at the Theatre Royal, Broken Hill. There was a shout when the outside curtain of chintz went up and revealed a " drop " which, according to a local journal, It is striking and artistic, full of the light and colour which scenic artists are prone to put into their pictures of Southern Europe, and reflects the highest credit on the painter." I cannot add anything to that I do . not want to add anything to it it is enough. With the rising of the chintz on came the proprietor, and up rose the voices of the gods. He came forward swiftly, in a business-like, waste not, want-not fashion, and said that Miss Emma Fischer would recite the prologue. He gave another sudden salutation and retired. I did not know that the proprietor of a theatre was supposed to take the duties of theatrical manager on his shoulders, when there was a regular manager at a good salary engaged. But that seems to be the custom at Broken Hill and Mr. Cummins evidently is a prodigious worker, and believes in the old saying, " If you want anything done, do it yourself and never depend on others." I re- proached Mr. MacMahon afterwards for throwing so much of his duty upon the proprietor, and he said, " Well, I couldn't help it I don't understand it Miss Emma Fischer came in dressed, so far as a man could judge, in a manner that was " rippin." If my feeble comprehension of millinery is right, it was a silvery grey merveilleux gown, with bodice crossings of tulle, and the skirt richly trimmed with cut steel ornaments, and I believe there were diamonds too. There ! Could any society correspondent furnish a better description than that I shall expect all the lady con- tributors of the different gossip columns to he wild with envy at my knowledge of their craft Then came the prologue, and here are a few of the lines : " Hail, Willyama ! Patrons of the play, Congratulate us on this festal day ! * * * * To-night we come from hUtrionio glades, Where oft we played beneath Olympic shades. Mcthiuks dramatic flight will never cease, Since first it reached the Colonies from Greece. * * * Here Scott and Moore will strike the minstrel lyre, Whilst Riggs and Kean will act with Attic ure. * * * * To-night we hope to win the just applause Of a full house, obeying Nature's laws. I must away. I am no star of song. 'Tis naught-a-gal a prologue to prolong. 2, 3 4 6 We thank you for your presence here to-night. Ah, me ! 'Tis a glad financial sight. But pray remember, when you leave your toil, I Forget not to commit to the Theatre Royal." I I am not much of a judge of poetry, I confess, but this strikes me as being bold and unconventional. Swinburne and Browning won much fame by their contempt for all acknowledged rules of form and manner of thought, and, well, here we have the same thing at Broken Hill, It seems we have been ignorant heretofore that Grattan Riggs and company have been playing in Olympic shades." We know it now. There is also a freedom from rules of syntax in the next two lines that will strike one as being quite original. We are also to be favoured with a visit from Scott and Moore, and Riggs and Charles Kean are to appear together-as Hamlet, no doubt, and the ghost of Hamlet's father. This is cheering, but I should think Kean would he out of practice, and Scott and Moore will have got a religious tendency by this time. I do not know whether the house obeyed " nature's laws " or not, though I was there all the time. I am not a scientist This is another example of the author's elevated and bewildering power. There is, I believe, a brilliant bit of humour in that line about the "naught-a-gal," but I am stupid and I cannot see it The author, I believe, understands it perfectly. I shall never forgot the pathos which Miss Fischer put in these words " Ah, me ! 'Tis a glad financial sight." She has said since, I believe, that she never felt so pathetically moved in her life. I can see how it was. The joke about " Cummin," I believe, is generally understood ; it has no Scriptural significance ; it refers to the name of the proprietor of the theatre; it is considered to be very clever ; it is poetry, and I therefore am not up to it. When the fair actress' (I believe that is the way it is generally put) had retired, in came the proprietor, who announced that "Mr. Captain Piper" would declare the theatre open under the Royal Coat-of-Arms. Then the brass band, evidently impatient of delay, and thinking there was something particularly significant in the "Royal Coat-of- Arms," struck up "God Save the Queen," while the proprietor firmly insisted with outstretched arms that it should stop. It was a long time, however, before the bass and the big drum would desist, and meanwhile the audience stood in respectful if noisy acknowledgment The Captain came on duty, and I believe was a speech, in which he reviewed the growth of Broken Hill, and said, among other eloquent things, that the population of the place had risen from 2000 to 12,000 or 15,000. I have been told since that these figures are tokens of the capital imagination that life in Broken Hill breeds. I did not hear him deliver the speech ; but as I saw his lips moving, and from the fact that at the far end of the room cheers were repeatedly called for him, I conclude that he did so. When he concluded he passed. The string band, which included a piano and a violin, and excluded all other instruments, ought I believe her to have played " Rule Britannia," but they did not do so, and so the generous speaker urged them to their task. They found difficulty in discovering his meaning, and only at lost arrived at it by passing through a sort of medley of tunes till they arrived at the chorus of "Rule Britannia." Here the brass band, evidently incensed at being neglected, struck up " God Save the Queen." But the general feeling seemed to be against this, and the speaker, to encourage the string band, began to sing " Rule Britannia," in which he with pathetic gestures begged the audience to join. This was not achieved, but the brass band could not stand the continued antagonism, and so one by one the players disappeared from the doorway till the only one left was the first cornet, which insisted on playing as long as the string band. Finally, that part of the function was concluded by a vigorous and triumphant upper C note from the first cornet Then the speaker disappeared also, and the proprietor again came forward. I believe he delivered an address of congratulation to the man that had had the pluck to build such a fine theatre, and before it was through I managed to make out that he himself was the fortunate and heroic individual The audience had a nasty habit of interrupting him, and so he had to pause and tell them that if he stayed there ten hours he would say his say, but if they heard him out he would not keep them long. I have not the slightest doubt but he meant it, because he repeated this nine times when the opportunity occurred. Many a man would have stopped at four or five attempts, but the proprietor would not. He simply retreated a few stops, bowed, pulled at another finger joint, adjusted his garments-I was going to say his "harness" like Richard Coeur de Lion, and began again. He triumphed ; like Rienzi, he would not let the people run rough-shod over his rights of speech, he who was one with the people and gloried in it. When he, at half- past 8, vanished, up rose the curtain and the play began. It was " The Irish Detective." It is so well known that I need not speak of it Grattan Riggs held those miners as interested as he would have done a metropolitan audience, and as quiet too. It was only between the acts that one remembered that this was Broken Hill, and we were on a mining field. But who that was there will ever forget that opening ? It was better than the play itself. It was merrier; it was more characteristically is saying a good deal, seeing that Grattan Riggs takes seven characters in the play. The performance was good, the scenery was good, exceedingly good for Broken Hill, and for a first night things went splendidly. There were no hitches, no difficulties beyond a little erratic conduct on the part of the scenes as they went up in the flies occasionally. Nothing is more suggestive of the progressive and energetic character of the place than the building of this theatre. There are a number of people here who feel something more than a temporary interest in Broken Hill, and they are struggling valiantly against metropolitan indifference to local wants of a sanitary and municipal character. I sincerely hope that one or two Ministers will accompany Lord Carrington on his tour through the western district here next week. They will see, if they have eyes-and even Ministers of the Crown have them-how little this place is regarded by the central authorities. The private interest in Broken Hill is large ; but it is only a speculative and selfish one. No- where are the evil results of centralisation more apparent than over here in the Barrier Ranges. This place ought to be a corporation now, but it is not it ought to have sanitary safeguards but it has not and it never will have until local power is given. The summer is beginning, and the fever-plague of last summer will be repeated, because in all probability the effect of the drought will be more disastrous The IG that are in the hospital now will be five or ten times IG, and the vile odours of the place will breed contagion everywhere. "Do not drink water or milk at Broken Hill, said two Adelaide doctors with whom I chatted about this place before I left South Australia. To follow out that advice would mean a systematic appeal to Guinness or three- star, and I do not believe much in the staying power given by these liquids. I drink the water and the milk despite the doctors, but I take my water boiled I know the practice is not a perfectly safe one up here, but I shall risk it during my short stay ; but if I were going to live here I would drink imported aerated waters. The condition of this place is infamous. The odours sometimes are almost unendurable, and as the weather gets hotter-well, let every man, I say, thank heaven that has not to live in Broken Hill in the summer time ! Dr. Thompson said to me last night, when talking with him upon this subject-" Sanitary conditions ! There are no sanitary conditions here. They are insanitary. When I first came I prepared a careful article on the subject, and it was forwarded by the Progress Committee to the Government; but it was never heard of since, nor have indeed any other representations received any attention, and the Progress Committee can do nothing." Local control would do away with this evil state, but there is just this much against it, that here are many people who are here but for a day and have no permanent interest whatever. They are not anxious for the responsibilities of local government, and so they say " Let us wait awhile." This prevents unanimous representation on the part of the inhabitants. To the reasonable man, however, it is evident that the affairs of this place can never be properly administered from Sydney, and that local government should, if necessary, be compelled, not merely granted. Broken Hill is not going to wither away like Jonah's gourd. It is destined to be a mining town of some permanent importance. The fever of specula- tion is over, but there still remain the mines of undoubted wealth, of resources which only require to be developed carefully and legitimately to make an industry of vast value to the country. There has been gross mismanagement in many of the small mines. In the hurry and excitement incompetent men were appointed managers, and inefficient machinery has been purchased. There are mines here where the machinery has been changed three and four times, and call upon call upon the shareholders has shown them that mining means something else besides dividends. Standing on a ragged edge of the lead of Broken Hill on Sunday, and looking about one could count scores of mines which may or may not be wealthy, but which are hopeless as they are. Somehow one could from the height of 200ft see more clearly mentally as well as physically the condition of affairs here now. We had climbed slowly over the mullock and schist and ore to our place of vantage. It was a clear and beautiful day, and when at last the vast and lovely plains on the other side broke upon the view, the effect was most impressive. Far off in front of us stretched the red sand and the mulga; far off to the hills, and between us and them, there were small homes of isolated miners. To the right was the village of South Broken Hill, with its population of 1000 people. Four months ago it consisted of one or two tents and a shanty, and now it possesses at least one church and four public-houses. Such is the proportion of piety there. Away beyond this place stretched the treeless plains, till they melted into the amber sky. My companion, following my scrutiny, said, " Think of swinging your swag on your back, and starting out through those desolate places to find shelter or a place of human habitation." Turning round, and swooping with his arm the circle, he said further, " This was and not so many years ago, either- the no man's land. This was the refuge of the outlaw and the outcast. Here came the bushranger and the cattle-stealer from the clutches of the law, and no law followed them here. It seemed to consider that to be encompassed by this region of desolation was punishment enough." Truly. For look beyond Broken Hill and South Broken Hill from the height where we are, and we see what the land was half a generation ago. That far line of gums borders Stephen's Creek, where no water is now, but which it is intended, if Parliament sanctions the plan, to convert into a reservoir for the water supply of Broken Hill... It offered little comfort leave in a rainy season to the wanderer, as it offered little to those noble men who risked their lives and lost them in days gone for the cause of exploration and discovery. Sweeping a half-circle again, and looking out beyond _ " The Pinnacles," three hills which rise pyramid-like in spaces as and as the Egyptian desert, the realm of loneliness also meet us there. It is a circle of depression, save in its centre where we are. Here at our feet is Broken Hill ; here to our right, straight along the line of the outcrop of the lode upon which we are set, are the great mines-those terrible magnets which draw the fortunate and the unfortunate, to them. There in North Broken Hill, the Junction, the British Blocks, Block 14, the Proprietary, the Central, and the South. These all are working on certain ground. Whether the lode ends with the outcrop ' or falls below is the question, and the hopes of thousands are resting on the answer to the inquiry. It is all a process of experiment now, and it is impossible to tell what may occur. As we sat there we could hear the working of the engine in the Brisbane Blocks below us driving the diamond drill, which is ceaselessly asking the earth if a thousand feet below it will find the inclined continuation of the lode which has made the mines I have just mentioned so valuable. Who can tell ? In other articles I shall discuss some of the problems that are perplexing Broken Hill just now. 