" - ABSOLUTION IY. , We pasB from the ground oh argument on this - subject to that of Scriptural authority. .. The first passage will naturally occur to 'our minds at once, " Whatsoever : ye shall bind on earth: shall be > bound: fin heaven ; and whatsoever ye shall loose! on earth, shall be loosed in heaven." ; In some verses before, our Lord supposes a a case of disagreement between Christian brethren, which was to be referred first to private expostulation, then to arbitration, and then to the church or assembled brethren, and, that failing, to issue in punishment on the refactory. " If thy brother trespass against thee, go and tell him his fault between thee and him alone : if he shall hear thee, thou hast gained thy brother. But if he will not hear thee, then take with thee one or two more, that in the mouth of two or three witnesses, every: word may be established. And if he shall neglect to hear them, tell it unto the church : but if he neglect to hear the church, let him be unto thee as an heathen man and a publican. Verily I say unto you, whatsoever ye shall bind on earth, shall be bound in heaven; and whatsoever ye shall loose on earth, shall be loosed in heaven." It seems difficult, with the light thus cast upon it to miss meaning of the power eonveyed. Private expostulation and friendly intervention having failed, and the decision of the bre thren being set at nought, the offender was to be excommunicated or expelled from the society, henceforth to be an out sider. In such a crises the sentence delivered on earth should be found ratified from heaven. Does this represent the action of the modern prieBt ? Or where does the priest come in at all ? The little society expels unworthy members, or re stores them again when penitent, and the action is sanctioned in heaven, that is all. The second passage cited in favour of this demand, in John xx. 22, 23, " Whose soever sins ye remit, they are remitted unto them ; and whose soever sins ye re- retain, they are retained." It is, besides, to be borne in mind, that by a common figure of speech, the cause leading to a thing is very, frequently put for the thing itself, Our Lord addressed a sufferer thus, " Son, thy sins be forgiven thee," a declaration at once challenged by his enemies, on the ground, " Who can for give sins but God only ? " But he spoke of the disease and the sin as one thing. " Whether is easier, to say, Thy sins be forgiven thee : or to say, Arise and walk ? But that ye may know that the Son of man hath power on earth to forgive sins, (then said he to the sick of the palsy,) Arise, take up thy bed, and go unto thine house.". The power of continuing penal inflictions and the power of removing thiem, both lay in the Apostles' hands, they themselves being ever guided and controlled by dictation from Him, of whose indwelling they had just been assured. Can the modern priest, either of Rome or England, lay claim to any ability of this kind? If not, let them cease to shelter their absolving preten sions behind texts which utterly refuse to protect them. It were not right to close a subject of this kind without adverting to the two passages in the Book of Common Prayer, which are supposed to lend an authority to the claims advanced. Judged, not by isolated passages of (in some sense) pri vate services, but by its whole, clear, broad tenor, we are surely justified in affirming that the Church of England Liturgy knows nothing of the power of authoritative absolution. It appears not in the absolution at Morning and Evening Prayer, nor in the absolution in the Com munion Service, nor in the absolution in the Comminution Service ; for all these breathe the same note, that it " apper tained to God to forgive sins." Absolu tion declarative it allows ; absolution precatory it allows ; absolution depre catory it allows ; but absolution potential it does not allow. It is unfortunate that in the compilation of the Ordination Ser vice for Priests, and in the service for the Visitation of the Sick, the compilers of the Book of Common Prayer were not more guarded than they have been, were not as explicit in the words they adopted, as they were in the explanation given of their meaning. The first of the passages appealed to lies on the face of the Ordina tion Service for Priests, "Receive the Holy Ghost for the office and work of a priest in the Church of God, now com mitted unto thee by the imposition of our hands. Whose sins thou dost forgive, they are forgiven, and whose sins thou doBt retain, they are retained." We do not defend or excuse this language. They are the vestages of the popery out of which the church had but very re cently, perhaps imperfectly, emerged. But in what sense is this quota tion used? That it could not in tend to affirm the power of judicial, potential absolution is clear, for that were contrary to the multiplied declara tions that " To God it appertaineth to forgive sin." That it could not mean to affirm the power of removal or infliction supernatural judgements iB equally clear,' for few believe in the present exis tence of miraculous power. That it could not mean the removal of ecclesiasti cal censures is obvious, for that would make the wordB unmeaning and reduce the expression to this, " If you inflict censures, they are inflicted, and if you remove censures, they are removed." There remains but another seDse ; the conditionally declarative. Assuming that confession means confession, penitence, to be penitence, contrition to be contri tion, prayer for a new life to be prayer, it affirms the efficacy of absolution pro nounced. But admitting that confession may not be genuine, or sorrow real, it affirms that absolution pronounced by the minister of God is unavailing. The difficulty in the sentence lies in applying a charter given to men who were endowed with'powers miraculous, to men who had no such powers ; of predicating that of ordinary ministers of the Ohurch, which was, properly speaking, only predicable of her extraordinary officers. But, we repeat it, that judging of the Church's sentiments from her own authorities, it never could have been her intention to acknowledge a power of judically remitting sins to be lodged in any of her ministers. The Liturgy lodges that power with God only. And the Homilies, in a comment on a most pertinent quo tation from St. Ambrose, allow the ad mission of the Liturgy ; " Who is the true priest, but He which is the priest for ever after the order of Melchizedek ? Whereby the holy Father doth understand, that both the priesthood and the law being changed, we ought to acknowledge none other priest for deliverance from our sins, but our Saviour Jesus Christ ; who being our Sovereign Bishop, doth with the sacrifice of his body and blood, offered once for ever on the altar of his cross, most effectually cleanses the spiritual leprosy, and wash away the sins of .all those, that with true confession of the same do flee unto Him." (Horn, xxxii. Of Repentance.) The remaining passage in supposed re cognition of this claim, is found in the Order for the Visitation of the Sick. After special confession of sin made, the ministerial form of absolution runs thus: — Our Lord Jesus Christ, who hath left power to his Church to absolve all sinners who truly repent and believe in Him, of his great meroy forgive thee thine offences ; and by his authority committed to me, I absolve tbee from all thy sins, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. We do not defend this form. No amount of explanation can excuse it. Still two things are to be observed ; first, that it is to be used only upon " the humble and hearty desire of the sick man," and secondly, that_ the service is not to be read by an ordinary .minister, but only by those who are not ecclesiastic ally qnalified to preach (or pray). In the prayer immediately following, evidence is given that no act of abso lute pardon is conceived to have taken place ; for that prayer is_ a petition for that very forgiveness which a hasty judgment would pronounce to have been already granted — a prayer altogether out of place, and without meaning, if an abso-- lute pardon had passed from the minister to the penitent. 0, most merciful God, who, according to the multitude of thy mercies, dost so put away the sinB of those who truly repent, that Thou rememberest them no more ; open thine eye of mercy upon this thy servant, who most earnestly desireth pardon and forgive ness . . . consider his contrition, accept his tears, assuage his -pain, as shall Beem to thee most expedient for him. And forasmuch as he putteth his full trust only in thy mercy, impute not unto him his former sins. A strange and most inconsistent supplica tion this, if the deed of forgiveness be done ; inconsistent every way, not only with that supposition, but with that belief in God's ratification of the ministerial act, which is the central point of this theory of absolution. To affirm a man pardoned and then to ask for pardon is absurd. At the Savoy Conference, 1661, it was prayed by the exceptors against the Book of Common Prayer, among other things 'that the form of Absolution" (in this Service) " be declarative and conditional, as ' I pronounce thee absolved ' instead of ' I absolve fhee,' if thou dost truly repent and believe." What is the reply on the part of the Royal Commissioners ? This, " The Form of Absolution in the Liturgy is more agreeable to the Scriptures than that which they desire, it being said in John xx., ' Whose soever sins ye remit, they are remitted,' not ' whose soever you pronounce remitted,' and the condition need not to be expressed, being alioays necessarily undei'stood." The despute then was concerning the form, not the sup posed doctrine ; and the Absolution was regarded by them as conditional, " the condition being always understood." 