THE PROPOSED STATE HOUSE. THE PREMIER DEFENDS HIS PROPOSAL. Immediately after the dispatch of forma) business in tbe Legislative Assembly yester day afternoon, the anticipated debate upon the Centenary Celebration Act Amendment Bill was commenced by Mr. Dibbs, who moved its second reading. As is well known, the bill proposes tho repeal of so much of the Cen tenary Celebration Act as provides for the erection of a State House in tho Centennial Park. Mr. Dibbs, in the course of his speech, con tended that the State House could never bo built for the sum of £150,000. The Premier, he complained, had given the House uo par ticulars of tbe cost ot the building that would justify them in accepting bis estimate iu round numbers of what the lolul was going to be. But from information received by him from gentlemen well able to judge of thu likely coi£ it would be somewhere between .£350,000 and £700,000. At the time the House voted for the Suite House hon. members were led away by tbe rhetoric of the Premier from their cool judgment and from all recollcctiou of the state of the country's financial position. Now, however, that hon. members had bad time to sober down aud collect themselves, he thought that they would not be so much inclined to sanction the expenditure. Indued he understood that the planting of the trees in the Coutenniul Park was a notification to. the world at large that the scheme bad been already triven up by the Government. Tbe real Slate House ot this colony wax commenced when the foundation of the new Houses or Parliament was laid. But as thu plans of that building had not even yet beeu drawn out it was a fitting time to consider what should bo done aud to decide that the State House should include not only the Houses of Parliament but the official offices of the Governor now and of the President of the country when the time for a President came, also a grand bail that might be UBed for Scato gatherings and accommodation for valuable relics associated with the early history of the colony. The question before the House had no parry issues. It was u matter upon which members on both sides of the Iiou£e had voted inde pendently. Last session a statement was made by the Premier showing that the increased value of certain public lands would practically pay for the erection ot the State House. But he maintained that evcu admitting that tho public wonid still 'have to pay for the State House. Then on the second reading of the bill the Premier said that he could not only pay for the State House by the enhanced value of the land near it, but that he could also put a quarter of a million of money iuto tbe Treasury. It was au extraordinary increase in the value of the lands in question ; but even then the public would have to pay the account all the suine. He moved the second reacting of the bill, aud in doiug so hoped that the new Houses of Parlia ment would be proceeded with without delay in the form of the building that he had sug gested. Bat he did not wish hon, members to go sway with the idea that £15U,00U would be a sufficient sum to meet the requirements of their erection. He knew that it would not, and ub he had stated before it would also be insufficient for tho erection of a State House alone.. Sir Hbnry Parkks said that the hon. gentle man who had just resumed his seat commenced his statement by informing tho House that he tried to get some information from b-iin as to the cost of the proposed buildings and was unable to do so That was very unfair, because he had given &him; nil tho information that he was himself possessed of. One of th« first contractors in the colony had offered to build the Stale House according to the first- prize design for the sum of £20U,0U0, and as the design hud beeu subsequently modified, that estimate had been reduced to £150,000. He did not like to drag into the discussion the question of the building of a new House of Par liament. That was a mutter outside tbe imme diate consideration of the House. But the hon. member had foreshadowed What the new House of Parliament would be if he carried it out as he wished, and he ventured to say that the hon. member's judgment would not be supported by any superior man ou tbe face of the earth. He said that he would huvc a building thut should contain tlie official offices of the Gover nor and a museum. Now, nothiug could be more objectionable than the first part ot that suggestion. In any couutry governed by a limited inonarcbyfetbe Houues of Parliament stood by themselves apart from all other Government offices, aud certainly away from regal or vice-regal influence. Excepting for the purposes of prorogation or the assembling of Parliament, the Governor ought never to come within the Houses of Parliament. He did not think that upon any great subject whatever there was such a feeble opposition qb was the opposition both inside and outside the Houss upon that particular question. Neither in £ublic meeting nor in the press nor in the ogisiative Assembly had any kind of Argument been adduced against the State Houi-e. The bill before « them was, in his judgment, singularly inopportune and singularly offensive, to Parliament. With regard to the news papers, which at different times had been pleased to speak of him with auvthiag but reepeet, they referred to it a3 a fad of bis own. He maintained that it bad been, opposed as a tad. It had been opposed from a mere desire to carry out an opinion previously expressed. Indeed, the.editor of one of the morning papers, when requested to send someone from his office to examine some plans of tbe proposed build ing, said, u No ; if your designs are the best in the world we will not notice them ; we will not say auything about them, because we have made up our minds to write down the State House." Such, a gentleman must have a strange idea of the functions of the press. The duty of the press was to place information be fore the public and comment fairly and judiciously upon matters of public importance. Its duty -was not to "write down" anything, and if it condescended to that it abused its. privileges and fell short of its mission. Mr. Walkbr: That is a condemnation of tbe Herald and The Daily Telegraph . Sir HkXRY Parkes: Suppose it is, is tbe Parliament of this country to be 3wayed by the Herald or The Daily Telegraph? Are you, the Parliament of this country-— the free citizens of this country— who, having passed a bill unanimously— Mr. Walkbr : No, not unanimously. Sir Henry Parkes coutiored that the bill- was passed without division by both Houses, and inquired again if the House was going to surrender its liberty to tbe dicta tion of the press. With regard to his conrse in the matter netbing could have been more simple or clear thon it was from first to last. When bo was sitting on tbe Opposition benches he suggested that such a building should be erected. At that time he believed that £70,000 would have bsen a sufficient sum for the pur pose. The same idea he again broached, and apparently with the favor of Parliament. And the same idea he carried into effect when Premier of tbe colony. It was at that moment the law of the land, and he could not believe that that Parliament would be so fickle in miod or/weak iu spirit as to go buck upon its opiuion of a few months ago. But it was not true that the newspapers had all been arrayed against him. Notably one or two very 'in fluential papers bad been in favor of it, and one paper which in character was not second to either of the morning papers in Sydney. He referred to that old and trusted paper the Jfaitla-.id Mercury. The I Vagga Wagga Advert'uer was also in favor of it. fco that it wa not true that the newspapers had all been against it. He might say too ,lbat he bad re ceived a note from bis hon. friend the member for Tamwvrtn saying that he bad defended the State House at eight different meetings in the Tamworth electorate, aDd that bis defence was loudiv cheared upon all occasions. Then with regar'a to the passing of the bill. Had he re sorted to any improper course iu the passing of the oiil ? liad he not fairly describee what tho bill was ? Had he not allowed the freest possible debate ? Tbe second reading in that House was paased without a single dissentient voice. But the special question of tbe State House was specially tried. One of the ablest men iu the House— ine hon. member for Eidt Sydney made a specific motion against the State House. So that not only was tne bill carried ou a second reading but the very ques tion now in dispute was decided by a large majority in favor of tbe Government proposal. The voting on that occasion was 44 to 16. In tho other Chamber tbe motion to set aside the Stat liouse was negatived by 17 votes to 7, and when they bad a subeefquent opportunity of sotting it aside it was allowed to remain part of ibe bill bv an immense majority. Mr. Walker : That House docs notrepresent tbe people on the rnattev. Sir Henry Faukes : I don't think that the hon. member can give an opinion upou that point. He had received from Mr. Kirkpatrtck, whose design obtained the highest prize, a letter Lu which ibat gentleman undertook to modify thoe designs in a way that would not affect tUe durability of the building, its beauty or its accommodation. That day ho had also received a ground plan of the design as modified, and having compared it with the plan of the original design, he would dofy any mau to find any material difference in tbe two. Moreover, he was assured by the architect that the external appearance ot the two buildings wouid be very much the same, and he had uo doubt but that it couid be eicc&cd; upon any of those designs that obtained first, second or third prizes for a sum not exceed ing £150, UdU. His contention had been not as tho hon. member who introduced the present bill had pu: it— that be could sell a certain amount of Juml to pay for the cost of the State House, aud that therefore the State liouse would cost noming. What he did sav both iu Parliament and elsewhere was that if such a palatial building was erected the ad jacent Crowuflaud woulupctchia proportionately higher price when sold lor residential purposes, and that the increased value of the land alone would cover the coat of the State House. Then, so that there could be uo mistake, he had put it in this way — that, as by a magician's wand, the Elate House would grow up w ithout any- cost to the councry. What ho rneaut was this — that if the land were sold without the State House it would bring £160,000 less than it would if the State House were erected. Upon that point he solicited the opinion of several gentle men well qualified to assess the value ot laud. And their opinion was this, that without either park or Staie House the adjacent Crown luuu, if sold for mansious. would bring £146.8u0, with the park alone they would bring £293,600. and-with both park and State House, £390,150, In short, he believed that tho difference would be exactly the cost of the State House. They must not forget the monumental character of such a builduig. The old Greeks, to whom they iooked tor examples of public spirit, lavished their money not upon their private dwellings, for they were extremely modest, but upon their public buildings und tueir natiooal monuments. Were they theu going to retrace their steps with no argument to iuduce them to Uo so, with no single vestige of opposition deserving to be dignified by the name of argument l Were they going to retrace their steps iu obedience to one or two newspapers and a few small and empty-headed men who did nol know their own minds 'i They couid not say that that State House was not the very best mouument that could bo erected or designed. The last Governor of the century us well as the first Governor of the century deserved to have their names perpetuated in a man ner far surpassing any monument or any painting. On all grouuds, ou the grounds of 'their independence and dignity, on the grouuds of conserving commemorative inci dents in a higher degree than tbey could bs conserved in any other wuv, on the grouuds of the high national uses for whichjthc hall was to be erected, be asked them to reject the bill of the hon. member. Dr. Cohtis said that for one he thought the finances of the country were not in a condition to admit of £100, OuO or more being epent on such u building as that suggested by the Premier. He would vote against the pro posal. Mr. Fletcher failed to see that any new reasons had betn adduced for the erection of this " deadhouse." (Laughter.) Not one reason, he thought, had been put forward why the people should spend a vast sum on a build ing of this kind, lie could hardly believe the House would vote the people's money on such a project. From one end of the colony to the other this "deadhousu" scheme, was condemned' by the people and tho press. It was his inten tion to rote for the bill. Mr. Alfred Allk.v said he had considered the queatiou carefully, hue he had been utterly unable to see the utility of the State House scheme. He failed to 6ce to what purpose tbe State House could be applied which would benefit any man, woman or child in tbe countrv, aud forijlhis reason he was opposed to it. l£e admitted that he had voted for the Stale House proposed before, but he had seen that he had done wrong, and he now was willing to repair his error. (Opposition cheers.) Mr. See approved entirely of the park, but at the same lime he believed it wouid cost a great deal more than was first anticipated. He failed to sec how the erection of the State House would increase the value of land, and, while he believed llu making of the park would affect tbe value of the land, the State House, he held, would not affect it at all. He did not see any utility in the State House, and stripped of its sentimeutulioai it wouid be absolutely use less. The couutry couid not afford to expend the money even it the building couid be erected for £150, U00, and he did not believe that to make tho State House what it should be the work could he done .for less than double that sutn. Mr. Garrett said if this proposal had emauatedtfrom any other person than ;the Pre mier the Opposition would not have opposed it. In this sense it was a personal question, though not in the highest sense a party qnestiou. The object of thot>Joader of the Opposition was by means of the State House proposal to seek to disparage the head of the Government. He (Mr. Garrett) contended that the Stale House proposal was unique aud alone— Mr. Dinua : "Very much alone" — in its character as % lilting emblem of the completion of our Cen tenary. The other celebrations were transitory ; this buiidiug would be solid and enduring. Aud this was not a fiuancial question. T'lierevonuo would not he touched by the erection of the State House. If this amending bill were carried the consistency of Parliament would be at tacked. This opposition to tbe State House was born of a desire — a low, party desire — to weaken the political power of the Premier and the Government. (Cheers). He was sure the House would not williugly go back on its own action. The Houe should be courageous in its consistency. (' Hear, hear.") Mr, .O'Mara considered the object of the Miuister for Lauds was to make this a party question, and he had raised a ghost in trying to excite the feelings of hon. members against au alleged attempt by Mr. Dibbs to weaken the head of the Government. It was Mr. Garrett who sought to mako this a party and personal question. lie (Mr. O'Mara) con sidered this proposal to build the State House nothiug more than a magnificent fad. If built it would be known by tbe name of either " Parkes' Folly" »or the " Deadhouse." It was practically dead already, and . it would never be popularly designated the " State House." If we must have a Stale House, let it be in the form of a Parliament House. For the Parliament was the true embodiment of the State. Mr. Want intended to vote for tho bill. He had listened carefully to Mr. Garrett's speech, and failed to see oae reason advanced in favor of the erection of the State House. He (Mr. Want) considered that the State House would only be a useless bauble and a huge mark of folly. The proposal would uot have been voted for on tbe previous occasion if tbe State Houss had not been presented in tho shape of a gilded pill along with the new park and other pro posals. Ho and everybody else had been of opinion, that this fad had been abandoued. If hon.' members had once voted for the erectiou of the State House and had now chaugeii their opinions, they should vote now for the bill oi ths leader of the Opposition. He agreed with Mr. Dibbs that the proposal had been flouted by the press and the public, aud he con sidered that jt was Mr. Garrett who bad sought to make this a party question. He did not believe there was. such a thing as ' the unemployed. He would defy those sitting on that side of tho House to show one reason for the building of the State House. At some future time of prosperity, when we had per haps the men we have not now, they might erect the State House; but at the present, when there was much general depression, he thought it was unreasonable. Mr. Haivken spoke in favor of the State House, which he supported on the highest political grounds. . Mr. Walker failed to see that any sub stantial argument had been adduced in -favor of thi expenditure of public money in the erection of a building on the Lachlan Swamp. The Acropolis at Athens and tbe magnificent buildings of Romo were erected when Greece and Rome made history and were, old and wealthy nations, and there was no comparison between tbe conditions of those countries and the condition oi New South Wales to-day. He hoped that the members on the Government .side of the House would not be afraid to vote according to their convictions. Mr. Cuouon would support tbe bill, believing as be did that the-ercction of the Stato House would not enhance tbe valne of the surrounding land. 1 Mr. O'Sulliyan said no proposal of tho Government had met with so much disfavor as this one Members who voted for this State Honse would sooner or later.be called to account by their constituents, and he hoped the House would support the bill introduced by the leader of ithe Opposition. If we had a State House at all we should have one for the whole of "Australasia." This would be merely a local State House for the men of New South Wales. If bon. members were true to them selves an the interest of this country they would rote against it. Mr. WISE said if anything were required to show the weakness of tbe side opposed to the State House it would be found in the trivial nature of the speeches delivered in support of tbo bill. Coutrasted with the address delivered and arguments used against the bill, they were miserably trivial. The question, a great national one he maintained, had been ap proached in a manner utterly unworthy of it. It might be spoken of con temptuously by those who were straugers to a national sentimeot, but that the proposal was one which the whole of Australia regarded as a great and important one was evinced in the soccches made during the Centennial celebra tions. Tbe question had been discussed in a " peddling" tone by certain bon. members, and rather as some paltry local matter than a great national undertaking. Notably among these was the hon. member for Qucanbeyan, whose tone seemed to imply that such an under taking should not be entered upon while the roads of Queau.beyan wanted metalling. If they wereito take the opinion of experts, they wouid see that the erection of the State House, instead of costing the country anything, would briug a profit of £97,006 to the Tieasury of the country. These experts showed that the in crease in value in the land of the Centennial Park would result in this return, and if the hon. members on the other side were dissatisfied with this, they ought to obtain the opinion of their own experts. Auother argument used was that the newspapers and the people of tho colony were opposed to the State House. He had no hesitation in iaying that on this ques tion the newspapers did not represent public opinion, and he had been to puhlio meetings where the State House proposal was received with applause. Mr. AsuoTTfsaid it was some time since he bad heard so impudent a speech as that of the hon. member woo had just spoken. He talked about hon. members wishing to cast indiguity upon the Premier, but it was that gentleman who brought indignity upon himself by the col leagues whom he called around him. (Opposi tion cheers.) AU this was spoken by a gentle man who had forsaken his party because he could not net the patent fees and who talked about theinsufficicucyot theAttorncy -General's salary. Referring to the document submitted to the House giving a valuation of the land of the Centennial J'.vrk, he asked why it had not been compiled br woll-known people instead of a person who had scarcely any recognised posi tion. He was quite willing to support the building of this State House when they wcro told that it would, together with the Ceutennial - Park; cost dot more than £259,000, hut aa every thing tended to show that the building alono would exceed that he felt bound to oppose it. He would iisl: every hon. member present if he would lead money upo'u a valuation (nude by the gentleman in question. Aud he did not be lieve that any of them would. Tbto valuation of from £7 to £10 a foot was an excessive valuation for that land without the park ; £14 was a high valuation even with the park, and vit was quite preposterous that the mere addi tion of the state House would increase the value of the land to £20 per foot. He voted for the Ceutenary Bill when he under stood that the money to be ex pended upon the Centennial Park woald be produced by the sale of useless lands. The celebrations which they have all witnessed were a lasting disgrace to the colony. The people who were of the country had been fed like a lot of starving poorhouse children. What could be more disgraceful than to see 11,000 tickets distributed in tbe citr to feed a starving people ? He would certainly vote for the bill of the hon. member for the Murruinbidgee. Mr. Dowel and Mr. O'Connor both addressed tbe. House against the bill. Mr. F. SxilTil was averse to the buiilding of a Btatc House for the reason that at piesent the expenditure would be ill-timed. Mr. Chanter suggested the adjournment of the debate. Sir Henry Parkes said as far as the Go vernment were concerned they would be no parties to tho adjournment. If the matter had not been considered it was not the fault of the Government. The celebration of the Centonary of the colony in a S articular way was a part of the policy of tho orerument. The Centeuary Celebration Bill was read a second time without a dissentient voice. Now a bill had been introduced by the leader of the Opposition to defeat that bill. If it was not a party move he did not know what a party move was. It was a party movo of a most insidious cha racter calculated to mislead many persons. He looked upon it as a party vote, and, if carried, be would not appear there again aa Premier of the country. (Great excitement, cheers and cries of " Oh, ohl" and "Put on tho screw.") Mr. Diuus declared that he had not had the in tention of making the matters party question. If the Government had intended to tuaice it a party question, why did they not say so upon the first reading of tho bill or earlier tuateveuing when he inored thcsccond reading ? (Opposition cheers.) If ho had given notice of a vote of censure, then the House might have made a party question of it. What the Government had been doing, however, was attempting to thin the House by asking all their supporters who dis agreed with them to go home, and many of them had gone home as a result of the very pressing canvass. If tbe div ision were pressed ou the Housq in its present state, however, the Government wonid learn ou the following evening how far their conduct was resented. Sir Henry Parked said that he asked that the bill should be debated upon its first reading, so that the matter might be settled at oocc. Then ho asked the hon. member to fix the second reading on a clear day, so that the division might come off without delay. His colleagues kuew very well how he wus going . to treat the question. Mr. Melville : The Colonial Secretary fixed this day himself.- Mr. Gahvan suggeate&that; if tho Govern ment intended making a. party question of it ihey should adjourn the debate until the follow ing evening. Mr. Thompson said that from the first he understood thut the question wus of a strictly party character. Mr. Cu.ynteu then moved that tho debate should bo adjourned for a fortnight. Sir Henry " Parkes : I will consent to an adjournment until to- morrow night if hon. members .will promise that tho debate shall coucludc tben. (Opposition cheers.) Mr. Diuos : After being caught upon tbo bop and treated as we have beeu to-night, we shall give uo promise. Sir Henry Parke3 : I do nob address the bon. momber at all. Mr. Didds : No, but tbe bon. member ad dresses you. Sir Henry Parkes : I was referring tbe question to that side of the House generally, and my proposal was assented to with cheers. Mr. Diuns : Add another insult if you can. Mr. CliANTSU then withdrew his motion and the House adjourned until this afternoon, the discussion upon tbe bill to take precedence of all other business. . 