ThE .OULTLAWS OF TUTN STALL, FORESTi' A ROMANCE OF THE, OLD WORLD. Br ROBERT LOUISSTEVENSON, - a;uthor or rr.cfeenr Island," Etc. BOOK I.L THE TWO. LADS. OHAPTERJVII. 'h . O. HOODIID A3 ? I The?;?awoko in the graeyot the moiniulg; the brdis were not'yet:s o full tong, but twittered" here and there Imong tire woods; dhesue wa?'no t el up, bu the easternsby wee barred witht eolem,,' colours. . Half started and overweary as sney were, they lay wlthoOt opoinOe, aunt In a''delighbful Inset. tode. oAtdi ae they thua lay,'the clang of a bell fell eo'denfy upon' their ears. 'A bell I' eaid Dick, a'trin?,up. ' Can we be, thee' so ,er to Holyyod f':. A little after, the bell'.olugedr again, but this time e mewhat nearer;nanu ; and from that time forth, and' still drawingnearer and nearer i' itcontinued 'to: esound brokenly abroad in the slence of the morning.- o ,. ' Ni?; what sehould, this betoken ' : saild Dlick,who we now read awake.' It is some one : walking,' returned 3utciam,;' anud the btlh tolleth ever as he m s?eeW that well,' said Diok. 'But where• lore! 'What maleth he In T nlsall Weoda Jnchkr he added, ' laugh at me anye will, but Iliks not the h"llsw sound of it.' Nsdy,' eaid Mtcham, with a'shiver,: 'It htih adoleful note, An tbhe day were not come.. ... ' . Dot josthen the theolqotokening its pasei began to-' ric trio? and aurried; and then It gave a ingle hammering Jangle, andlwae Itlsneen tabuoh the bearer had ran for a paternoster -whle, and 'then leaped the river,' Dick observed. Anud now beginneth be again to poce aoberly forward,' added Matcham, 'Nay,' retusred Dick -'nay, 'not so ,soberly, Jack' T a man'.that walketh you Sredlly "l a maon s ome fear of his ebp1 or?abotho some hurried business, Seeye not bhdw sewift the beating draweth near ' ' I I is now close by,' said Matcham. Theywere ,ow on the edge of the pit ; and e otehsT;t itself was on a certnineminence, they commanded a view over the greater proportion of'.be clearing, up to the thlck .wcods that clomed it in.t Thedaylight'which was very clear and grey, shoed tLem a riband of white foot. path waderiog among the eoree. It peaeed ome hundred yarde from the pit, and ran theoho'e length of the clearing, east end ,wat. By tho line of its eoulre, Dick judied it should land more or Iese directly to the Moat onee 'a at Upon thie path, dteppeng forth from the margin of the wood, a wdite ligure now appeared It paused a little, and seemed to lokabouot ; and then, at a stow pce, and en talmoot double,, it began to draw neat' across the heath. As every slep the hell clanked. Face, t had none ; o-white hood, not even pierced.r with ye.-bolel, veiled the head; and .as the g creatore moved, it:'-eemed to feel tie way withthe tapping of a stick. Fearfell upon I the lads,s cold as death, ' 'Afepr I' said'Diock hoarsely.d " ' " His touch is death eoid Matoham. 'oLet s nio n..' -. . .?." a Notse,' returned Dick; 'ee is not nI eleisa toe blInd.' He guideth him ritth a eaff,' L, 'ms nlie' still ;'the wind bloweth S towaids tee path, and he will go by and hurtas not. , oor l; weshold thser pity him'.' 'I will pity him when he is by,' replied e gatoham.l b The blind leper was .now about half-way oweards Ihem, and juas then the suo b rome aod shone foil on his veiled face, He bad been a tall man' before he was bowed by b him diuomuttlg sickness, and even now he Ii wealked with a vigorous step, The dismal o heating of his bell, the pattering os thee tick; lheseyelese screen before him countenance, and the knowledge that he was not only I doomed to death and suffering, but shut out0 for eter'from the touch of his fellow men, filled the lads' hobome with dismay; and etevery step that brounght him nearer, their courage and strength seemed to desert b them. As be came about level with the pit, he b soeed, and turned his lace full upon the d 'Mary be my.eshieldl He soee l I' said h Matchem, taintly. 'bush l' wbhspered Dick, ' He doth ,bhot erkenao. He is blind, fool.' The leper looked or listened, whichever he wa really doIng, for some seconds. Then a be esgan to meoe .on again, but presently ,aneed onoe more, and again torned, and I seemed to sze oupon the lads, Even Dick became dead white and cle'sd his eeas, as if hythe mere sight he might become lnfeted. er ut slon the bell sounded, and this Stme,. wlthout any ler'hec hesitation, the leper hi sroaued' the remainder of the little heath D Oid disappeared into the covert of the c 'BHe saw us,' said Matchesm.; '?I could oc swear it' w. 'Tt I' retoned Dick, recovering aome sp?rks of courage. ' He but heard us. Hes w wm In fearn poor soul. An ye were blind and walked in a perpetual night, ye would ht start oouself ineer av twig rustledora bird 0 cied "Peep,'' - 'Dick, good Dick, he saw nus,' repeated f atcmsm, 'When a man harkeneth, he dolmhect as this man; he doth other- lb wile Dick, This was seela ; it was not co herig He means foully. Hark else, if bit bell be not stopped I' ' Such was the case. The bell rang no Pr 'lmp,'said Dick.' I like no, thaLt. Nay, re ha tled again, . I like.that little, What lb aythis betoken . Let us go, by the mass I' 'He bathb gone east,' added Matkham, m' 'Good Diok, let us go westward straight. I slallnot breathe till I have my back turned we apo that leper.' o 'Jack, y' are too cowardly,' replied Dick. m ?e shall gofalr for Holywood, or as fair, alt -; leas, as I can guide you, and that will- be doe north.' dw Theb were afoot at onoe, passed the Itream upon mome stepping-stones, and mi h epo trmount on the other aide, which wars , sieeper, towards the margin of the wood. The ground became very uneven, full of ya kOms and holimwse and trees grew sCat 1 tmred or in clamps'; it became difficult toa boose a path, and the lade somewhat wan. i doted, They were weary, besides with yesterday's exertions and the lack of food, ol nd thebsy moved but heavily and dragged us their feet among the sand. Tr Peseenaly, oming to the top of a knoll, they weseaare of the loper, some hundred feet in front of them, croeeicg the 'line of heir. march by a hollow.' His bell was tISole, him staff no longer tapped the ground, end he went before him with the swift and w aUleed footsteps of a man who sees. Nest momenthe had disaoppeared tntoa little 'g The ladt, at the firsat glimpse, had crouched bj hehiud a tuft of gore ; there they laf horro 'etain, he pursueth' us,' said Dick 'eein I e hbeld the l'apperof hls'bell ieti h m bhand, saw ye, that. it should not y' t-nod. Now may the saints aid and goide h Lifor I have no streengt to combat pesti. ,, 'Wiat 'maketh" he?' cried Matcham, IWhst doib he want? Who ever heard the hf us, that a leper, out of mere matice, ,, Ibo°ld pursue unfortnatos? .Bathhe no' lb hlthel] to that tery end at people may D 5roud him Diepr there is 'eelow this do care not,' moaned Dlck; 'the 'Shesol is neon out of me ; my legs am Ulie ii Cal.r, The saints be mine aesisnce I't' Would yelie there idle fogimd MaIchems , e cbaok into the open. We have the el r chance; he cttnot steal upon 0s rh lit I, mad Dick. My time Is come, and 1 iqioentosre he may pass us by.' emd me thsneuour bow I' cried theother. taIl Will ye beaimnal' Orld 1e have ms shoot upoenleperl' ha ued. 'The band would fall me. Nay, now,' he added-.. nay, now, let be l With sound f5Ol will Ight' but not with ghosts and lem Which 'thl is, Iwotl o0. One or siee Beaves hsour proteotion 1 e Nw,' said iratcham, 'if this be mane ro 'usre, what a poor Ihing is manl But c wlth will do nought, let us lie close.' .e ent eamo a elgle, broken. andlo onthe se ,e both mileed his' hold upon the _Sachlpsr wi' Matcham...' Saintl, bow si, hat Dish anawered ner r a word'; his tebt a nere n crehatleetel There le no manbrave fi slloound, ed tbs horror of this pintrsutby ta t oodedleper had found the weak place in botn? Shelton's armon. . in eoot they eaw a piece' ef tae 'while robe hr i5tleen eomsh nshea. then the leper's head ;4hlahhad by spehol areragomnla'+iab the ar h bwltue 4,'r wy to oanu t elb ebhhbor. hood before be Once again withdrew. To their stretched enaes, the whole brsk appeared tD. alive wIl rasetlge said the creak of twigs, and they hoard the beating of. each other's hecars. Suddeolp, with a cry, the leper epr?o.? into the open close by, and ran straight apoe the lade. They shrieking aloud, separated, and began to run differet wayse. hbut their horrible enemy fastened upon Mtceham, ran him ewiltly down, snd had him almost instantly' a, praisoer. The lad gave one screm thae t echoed high anu fover the he forest ; he bad one epoem of struggling, and de then all his lim telaxed, and he fell limp ; into his caept,,r's arms. S Dick heard the on and tcoured, e saw rtetham fall ;.and on the instant his spirit al and aregtbh revived, With a cry of pity I nd anger he unstruneg lnd bet hise arblast. But are he had time to shoot, the Sleper held up hie hol d. - . 'Hold your shot, Dickon I' cried a familiar hut vlce. ' Hld your bshot, adwag,: Know ye not a friendr ' uod And thea laying idown av tol sue en the ly turf, he undid the hood from off his faace sned diso.od tho featuresnof tir Daoniel std crabkey. , Sir Daniel crd ad Dlick: : . ad ' Ayp byl the mse,. Sir, Daniel,. sold the e knight, ',Would oe shoot upone your guardian, rogue I But here is tbie? '. And r ithere he broke off 'ad pointiu to Yatcham,d aeked: '. Howcall ye him, Dickr '' tel Nayee said Dick.. e I call him Master ot ehamc,,hKnow ye, him not e. He said ye l knoew him.'., . r o. k w o ." Ay,' replied Sir Daciel,' I know the lad tiid he cbuckledl . 'But he has fainted, and, , by my south, be might have hd d.lee to, S in for. ;Hoy,Dick 2 Did Ih pat the fear a f death upon y?ue 1' r e Indeed, Sir..Daniel, ye did that;' soid SDick, arid sighed again as the mere recollee. he lion.' Nay, sir"tnvlng yonur.repecot, Ihad asllef a' met the-davit in pe?reo ; and to speak trnth,I am yet all a-quake. But what e mode ye, sir, In such a guise ' Sir Daniel's brow grew suddenly black with" o anger, ,rif, SWhat made I ' he said. Ye do well to y mIndme ollt What? I skulked for my ye poor life in my own wood of Taneoall, Dick. We were ill-eped at the battle ; we but gdt i there to be swept among thebs rout. Where ebe all my good moenat-arms t' Dick, by the Smase, I know not. We were swept down; h the shot fell tbhick among us. I lae. not seen one man in my own celours sInes I saw three fall. For myself, I came cooed to te Shoreby, and being mindful of the Bleeck d Arrow got me this gown aed bell, and came Soltly by the path for the Moat House. There Is Io disguise to be compared with it ; the jingle of this bell would scare me the e stoutest outlaw in the forest; they would all turn pale to bear it. At length I came by eyouand Matobham.' I could see but evilly Sthrough this saeme bod, and was not sure Sof you, being chiefly, and for many 'a goon d cause, astonished at the finding you together. Moreover, In the open, where I had to go slowly and tap with my stare,' Ifeored to P disclose myself. But see' he added, :'thlst Spoor shrew begins a little to revive. Ad litle ne good canary wll comfort me the hearst'hf itwo The knight, from under lies long dress, n produced a stoutbottle. and henge to rub the temples"aned: wetthe lips of the ptlent, c who,. eturnoed'graduaelly' to concolo- I st ness, and began to roll di eyes fromon e t, another.' - S' What cheer, Jack Y' said Dick; Itwas a nopleyer, alter alle It was Sir Daniel. II Seel' -' ' rt Swallowmea'good drasughtof this,' said' id the knight. ' This. will give you manhood. Thereafter, I wlllgive you both a meal, acid we d shall all three son to Toestall. For Dick,' I he continued, layng forth bread and meat y upon the grass, ' l will avow to you in all t good conscience, it irks me sorely to be safe d between lour walls. Not since I backed a by horse have I been pressed so hard ; peril of ie life, jeopardy of land and li elihooed, and to l sum up, all these losel in the wood to hunt I me down. But I be not yet shent, Some of amy lads will pick me their way home, Hatch bath ten felewe ; Stlden, he had six. at Nay, we shall soon be strong again and if I c can but buy my peace with my right for. tunate and undeseroing Lord of York, why, e Dick, we'll bea man again and go a hone. rt back.' And, so sayinlg, the knight filled himself ac Shornof canary, and pledged hra ward in e dunmb show. ' Selden,' Dick faltered-' elden--' and Id be paused again. Sir Daniel pot down the wine uotasted, at How ' he cried, in a changed voice. I Selden-speak. What of Selden I' te Dick stammered forth the tale of the i n ambush and the m gem s te, The knight hearsd t silence; ut as he Slistened. his countenance became convulsey k with rage and grief, if Now hre, he cried ' on my right hand I' i. swear to avenge it i If that Ifall, If that I ,spill not ten men's souls for each, may this i hand wither from my body I Ibroke this b Duckworth like a rush ; L beggared him to his P i coor. I burned the thatch about his head ; I I drove him from this country ; and now d oomesh he back to beard me? Nay, but!Dut k D worth, but this time it shall go bitter har Ite' He wa, silent for some time, his fae d d ' t, he criled auddenly. 'And 'yo here' 0 d he added to Mbatcbae, ' swear me an oath to d ollow straight to the Moat Houee.' 'I will pledge mine honour,' replied q SMatohsm, What make I with your honoe I' cried b the bkneght. Swear meupon your mother's welfare I' e. f Matham gave the required oath; and Sir Daniel readjusted thehood over his faee,and prepared his bell asod staff. To see him once more in that appalling travestle somewhat i revived the horror of his two companlone.'flBut ' the knight was soon upon hie feet. ' Eat with a despatch,' he said, 'andfollow me yaely to mies hounse.' And with thbat he set forth again Intote be woods; and presently alfter the bell began to sound, numbering his steps, and the two lads sat by their untasted meal; and heard it die c slowly away up hill into thedistance. ' And so ye go to Tanstaltl ' Dick In. - quired, . 'Yea, verily,' said Matoham, ' when needs must I am braver behind Sir Daniel's back Sthan tobhi face fI They ate hastily, and set forth along the path through the airy upperlevels of the toreS, where great beeches stood apart m among green lawns, and the birds and squirrels made merry on the boogh.be, Two v hours later, they began to descend upon the vs other lids, and already among the trse.tops , saw before' them the red wells and roofs of n Tunstall houre. a 'Here,' said fMatoham pausing,' yeshall tc Stake your leave of your friend, Jack, whom n' y'are toee no more. Come Dick, forgive him what he did asmig as he, for his part, w cheerfully and lovingly forgiveth youa.' ' And wherefore sol' asked Dick, ' An to we both go to Tunstall, I shalleeyou yyet l again, I trow, and that tigbtoften.' to 'Ye'll onever again see poor Jaok Matoham,' replied the other, ' that was so fearful and H buorbheosome, nod yet plucked you rom the n river ; ye'll not see him more, Dick, by minae o honour.' He held his arms open, and the pt lade embraced and kissed. 'And, Dick,' contioued Matobam, 'my spirit bodoth ill, N t Y' are new to see a new Sir Daniel; or N heretofore bath all prospered in beebands S exceeditgly, and fortune feillowed him ; but now, methloks, when his fate hath come ti upon him, and he runa the adventureof his life, be will prove but a foul lord to both of h: us. He may be breve in battle, buthe hath the liar's rye ; there is fear in hin eye, Dick, a teed lear is as creel as trh wolf. We go j idow into that honse, Saint Mary guide us yi orth ageln.' * And so they continued their descent in m e silence, end csmeout at last befoeSir Daiel'e e forest stronghold, where it stood, low and shady. Slanked with round towere and stained Is e with moas and licben, in the lilied wanersof the moat Evan as they appeared, the doors 11 were opened, the hbrdge lowered, and Set· I Daniel himself, with Hatch' and the p parson at his ,ide, ,stood ready, to receive them, . r ,. THE .MOaT. HOUfE. - , : • ,I OBAPTERiI.I a, Tbe Moet House stood no' fur from the Srough forest rond Eolernally, it was a compact reotangle of,red stone, flanked at esch corner bye round tower pierced for erohery, and battlemented at the top Within, it enclosed a narroe court. The moat waa perhaps 121t. wide, orossed by a 5 stegle drawbridge, It was supplied withl water hy a trench leading to a forest pool. e and commanded, through its whole lenobh, fromthe battlements of the two seothernc e, towers. And except that one or tvo tall and n 0 thick trees hbd beon suffered to remain eithlr?~.alf a.bow-shoa of the wall, the house'wae in a eood posture fordefence.' i, In t henourt Dick fonod .spartof Ib gut' tlsnonhbose' with preparations for defenoe, n end gloomlly disecusslng thl ohanes' of a alegse Some were making aytoer, some r" sharpouiea swords that bud long been d',. it used; but even as they worked, theyshook Sthlr hbeads. h, Towlve of Sir Daniel' party had escasped the battle, ruo the gauntlet through the wood, and come alive to the Moat o touse. But out ot this dozen three had e beer grarely'. wounded ; two at Risit e. d ham, in the disorder of the rout ; one by r John Amend-Alt's marksmen as he crosseeo the oreslt. This raised the force of the tr arrieoe counting Hatch, Sir Daniel, and youngSbelton, to tweuty-twoeffeotie mren. And more might he eoontiualy expected to arrive, Bu trhe spirits of ail hbd been d saken by a series of grisly imcdents. At different periods of the evening rod the r night, no fewer than seven riderless horses had come neighing it, terror to the gate. Two wore from Setden's troop ; five heloogeo to men who had ridden with Sir Daniel to the, field. Lastly, a little before dawn, a epbe;rmun cme staggeriog to the meatside, cpierced by three arrows;' even as the) ca, rted him irn, his spirit bad derarted ; but by the words that he uttered in his agony, he or nathavo been the last srvivurofl a oerl. deraable comany of men, Se. ls was the terror of the Black Arrow that oppressed, men's epirit-, bur their open toee of the party of York, io these moat 'changing times they felt but a faraway, concern. The world,' as people said in tihoseh days, 'might change again' before harm'oame, Bt fortheir neillghboure i the ood they 'trembled. It wasnot Sir Daniel ie Inewho was a mark for hatred. His men, Sconscious of impunity, had carried them. selves cruelly through all the country. Harsh commands had been barshly executed ; and of the little band thatlo, eat talking is the coort, there was not oa baut had been guilty I of some act of opprese on or bheariaty. And now, by the fortune ol war, SlrDeniel had become powerless to protect his instruments ; now, by the issue of' some hours of -battle, at which .many of them, had not been present, ithey had all I become punishable traitors to , the State, outslde ir the. buckler of th e, lw,.e a shrunken eOmpahy,'in f.awpoor friortreso I that iass hardly tenable,.and exposedoupon I all aides to the Just resentment of their fHatch himself" showedu nuder his "ste. brown, "th pallorof anxiety ;-,and whe, he had taken Dick aside and learned the late of Seldeo, he fell'on *a htonerllenb, and:lalrly, wept: T£he others," frrm wheretbehr saton' steoole or doorstep in the cusny, angle of the court, lorked at him.with rwonder1 and ' .larm, bat none ventured to inqauirethe case of his emotion.' t' Nay, Master Shelton.said Hatch, at-last r nay, bt what said II We shall all to. Seldeu was a man of his' hands ; he wks like a brother to me, Well,-heh one second ; well, we shall all fllofew.' 'or what.said their knave rhyme 7--:A black arrow in each blaok heart.' Was it not no It went i Appleyard, ,Selden, Smith, old Homphrey gone'; and there Ileth" poor John Carter. crying, poorintooer, for the priest,' k ' Dackgave ear,' Outr a low windw hard ' by'awhere Ihey were telking, grooan and murmurs came to his eat;" t :: ; ;' Liethbhe there ' be asked; Ay,: in the eadond',porter's ?dobamber, an?eered lHatcb.. 'We eould not beare him furtlher, soul land ,body.were so: bitterly at I odds. Ar, every,' stei :.we lifted: him.-, be d Ihought ti .wend. " Buat now, methinke,,it'il the saul that eiffereth, Irvter for the priest be crieth,' and'° Sirt Oliver I wet not why,' still cometh not. "'Twill be' a long' ehrift ;b-ht poor Appleyard and poor Seldeo, they, hadl t ntone.'- ' h h e Dick bstooped-to the window and looked in. The tittle cell was lowdand dark, but hecoald make ot rthe wounded soldier lying moaning on hib pallet, Carter,,poor friend,' ho'w doeth it ' her asked. . n -' Master Shelton,' retuined the man, in an exoited whisper, 'for the dear light 'of Heaven, ring the priest. Alark; I am sped ; I am brought very low down; my hurt is to the death. Ye may dome no m ere asrelos; this shall be the last. Now, for my pour sool's interest, and as a loyal gentleman, bestir y)on for I have that matter on my conscience that shall rtra gme deep.' He groaned, and Dick heard'the grating of his teeth, whether in pain or terror. Just then Sir Daniel appeared upon the threshold of the hall. Ho had a letter in one hand;. ' Lade,' he said, 'we have had a sho, we have had a rumble; wherefore, then, deny it? Rather it impoteth to get speedily again to I saddle. This old Harry the Stxtbas bad thef undermost. Wash we, then, our hands of thim. iMake we, then, friends pon theother I party I Noe, lads, p' are none of yoafame rr the band--I shll esay so much In yoor commendation-and some have pretty wits, Let these conceive my meaning. I have a good frliod that rldeth next the duke, the Lord of Weoeleydale. Well, I have writ a letter to my friend, praying his good lordship 1 and offering large satisfaction for the past, and reasonable surety foe the future. Doubt nrot but he will lend a favourable ear. A prayert eitbont gifts is like a song without music: I susfeit him with romises, boys- I spare nOt to promise. What, then, is lahking 7 Nay, a great thing-wherefore shonlo I deceive you 7--a great thing and e - diffcult ; a messenger to bear it. The woods A -y' are not ignorant of that-lie thick with our ill-willers. Haste is moot neediu ; but e without sleight and caotion nll is nulrht. yr Which, thee, tf this company will takeme Jr this' letter, bear me it to my Lord of t Wensleydale, and bring ms the answer ot back ' Ic One man instantly aroee, ti 'I will, an'a like you,' said-he. 'I will even risk mr carcase.' St SNay, Drcky B wyer,' not.so,' returned the knight.' ' It likes 'me not. 'Y' are sly, indesed,' but not speedy. 'Ye were t laggaro A SAnt't be'so, Sir Daniel, here sm I,' cried another. ' ' Thse saints forfend 1' said 'the knight, Y' are speedy, but not sly. - Ye would blander ms headforemost into eohb Amend. A"ll's camp, r' I thank youboth for your good courae ; hat, in sooth, it may not be,. ' Thn BHatch offersd himseslf, and he also was refused," .. " ' '' ', 'I want you here, good Beonet ; y' are ml right hand, indeed,' returued the knight ; and then' several coming forward-in a group, Sir w Daniel at length seleeted one and gavehim the etter. - - Now,' he said, ' upon yeur good speed and better discretion we do all depend. Bring It me a good answer back, rand before three weeks I will have purged my forest of those ot vagabonds that brave us t our faces. Bat mark it well, Throgmorton; the matteris i not easy. Ye must steol forth under night, a, and go like a fox ; and how 'ye are to cross Til I know net, neither by the bridge nor ferry.' , 'I can swim,' retaurned Throgmorton. ' ! I will comesoundly, fear not.' ' as '.Well, frend, get ye ito the buttery, replied Sir Daniel, ' Ye shall .wire first ofw allt in nut-brown ale,' ' And' with that he turned back into the hall. ' ' Sir Daniel bath 's wise tongue, said Batch, aside, to Dick. 'See, now, where mony a lesser man 'had loesed the matter ever, he speeoketh It out plainly to his eomr-a pany, Here is a danger, 'a ssith, and here i dflicelty; and jssteth in the vsry saylng Nay, by Saint Barbery, he is a bore captain IIl Not a matt bst he is some deal heartened up' I See hrw' they fall again to work. ' ' " This praise of Sir Daniel pot a thought is the lad's head, 'esnnet,' he said, 'how game~ my father by his end?' ' Ask me not that,' replied Hateb. 'I hd nn no huno net knowledge in it; farthermore, I will esen be silest, Master Dick. For look es yos, in a man's own business' threrhe' may a perak; but of hearsay matters and of omu. t mon talk, not so Ask me Sir 0irer--ap , t er Carter, if ye will ; not me' ''.. And Rateb set oef to make the'riountds, rt leavi?g Dick fs a muae, ' ' ( Wherefors would he not tell me l' thought the lsd, 'And wherefore nawsd he Carter 7 Castel--nay, then Carter had a band Is it,r perchance.' ' ''" ' a Be entered the house, end pausing some w ittle way aloog a flagged and vaulted passage; came to the door ofth'o'eell'where the hurt •ea' far groaning.' 'At his entrance Carter starred esgoely.'' er Have ye brought the priest I' he cried. e Noy set awhie, returned Dicrk ,''"'ae v a word fo tell me first. How came my father, Barry Shelton' by his death 7' The man's face altered instantly.' '1 know nor,' be replied, doggedly. O 'Ny, ye. know well,' retnroed Dick, ,, 'Sek sotto pat me by,' ' ?I tell you I know not,' repeated Carter, '-Thsn,' said Dick, 'ye shall die nashriein, I HTore am I, an6 'here shallteta. There shall b' no'prieet come neat you, roes assu'red. For of whet arail ie 'peonitene, an ye have no mind'to rifht those wroneg ye had a hand a is? aod without penitence, confession is but I ,'Ys toy what ye meyne nrtMsteitDiclt aid :Corter, composedly "Itnif ill threaten- : ing tbs dylng,.and beooeeth pen, toeseab h trnth, lite. AAnd, for a- little as.r:t com mends yon, ft shallsertoe youleis. Stayvan ,eelesee,"Yo will 'condemn my 'soul--ye ahell leats' nothing. "'There is my laste word'I' to you.' Ano the wouiea manu tur.ed u.pu I the t khe aide. Now, Dik, to say trutb, had spoken hieti!y, and wa as hamed ot his threat, Bat he mane one more effort. ' Oarter,' be sard. ' mistake me not. I knowye were but an inmtrument in the hands of others ; a churl mut obey his lord ; I would not bear heavily on such an one. But I begin to learn upon many sides that tlis great uty lieth on may yoatn and ignorance, to avenge may father. Prithee, then, good Carter, set aside the memomy of my threaten. lune, and in pure goodwill and honest pool. tence give me a wr?t of help.' The wounded man ley silent; nor, ay what D.ck pleoeed, could he eIxtract another word from hibm, ' Well,' said Dick, ' I will go call the priest to you as ye desired t for howsoever ye be in trult tome or mine, I would not be wlliogly n fault to any, least of all to one upon the lat ehaunge.' ` Againo the old soldier 'heard him without speech or mo ion ; even hie groans he had suppreseed; and as Dick turned and lets the room, he was tilled with admiration for that rugged fortitude, .. 'And yet,' he thoughb 'of what use Is courge without wit 'l. Cad hie hands beeo clean, he would have eopken ; his silence did ounfese the secret louder than words. Nay, lpon all oldes; prueft Ilweth oa me, Sir aniel he or his men, bath done this thing." 'Diok panused in the stone psrige with a heavy heart. At that hour, in 'he ebb of Sir D.sniel's fortune, when' he woe heleagured by the arochera of'the Blatk Arrow,. end pro scrlbed by the victorioun Yorklete, was Dick, .ho, to turn upon the man who had nourished and taught him, who had re.vrely punidhed, ludIed, but yet nowearyingly proieteod hia youth f The necessity, it it should prove to e one, was crlu'el . SPray Heaven be be innocent I'he said. 'And the' stelps sounded. on the fagtgleg, and Sir" Oliver oame gravely towarde the lsd.. , "; .- .. .. . '..-One seeketh you earnestly,' said Dick,' .! I am tupon-tne way, good Richard,'said the priest.. . Itis this poor Carter,. Alaok, hia't'beyond cure,'. ,. ' . ! And yet his soot is tiker than beis body,' answered Dik.,.. . H' Mave aseen hind'' asked Sir Oliver, with a manifest etart. ' " ' I do b ol ome from him,' replied Dick. !'What said be? what eail bhe snapped the prtest,. with extraordinay eagerness, ' but :oled for you. the more piteously, Sir' Oliver. It were will done to to the 'later,,foe h hurt is grievous,' returned the lsd. a ? 'am straight for him,' was the reply. WWelt, we have all oun sins.. We must all come to ou0 latter day, good Richard:' Ay,- air ;'and it were well if we all came fairly,' eaneweredDik. ' " "r -' - The priest dropped his eyes; and with an inatdhbli benediction hurrie on -. 'He,.too I' honght Dic--' be, that taught "me in piety I Nay, then 'what a world is this, if all that care for me be blood.guilty of my' father's .death ,Vengeance l Alsae t*hst asore fate in mine, if I must be avenged upon my Irieds'l' S: Phe hbought put iatcham In' hie head.d Mre smiled at' the remembrance of his .strange companion; and then wondered wherehbe weas Ever since they bud come together to tbe doors of the Moat Houne the younger!lId'bhd disappeared, sand Diuk began to weary for a word with him. 'About an hour after, mass being somewhat hastily run through by Sir Oliver, the com pany gathered In the' hll for diner. Ia wa a long,' low apartment, strewn with green rushes, and the walle bung with arras in a design of savage men' and questing' blood. hounds; here and :here hnng spears and bows and bckleru ; a fire blazed in the hig chimney ; there 'were arras.covered benches round the wall, and in the midst ofthe table, fairly spread, awaited the arrival;of the diOers, Neither Sir Daniel nor his lady made their appearance, Sir Oliver himself was, absent, and here again there was no word of Mateham, Dick began to grow alarmed, to recall his companion's melan. choly forebodlngs, and to wonder to himself if asy foul play had befallen him in that hbuae. After dinner he found Goody Hatcb, who was hunrying to my Lady Brscklesy, 'Goody,' he said; ' whore i I, Master Matcham, I prithee I saw ye go in with him when we arrived.' The old woman laughed aloud. 'Ab, Master Dick, she" said, 'y' have a famous bright eye in your head, to be sure I' and laughed again: Nay, bat where is he, indeed F persisted Ye will never see him more,' she re. turned-' never. ItIn isare. .' ' An I do not,'. returned the lad, ' I will knowr the reason why. I He came not bhithe of his full free ;will: such as I am, I am hi. best protector, and I wrill ese him joustly used. There be too many mysteries ; I do begin to weary of the ams - ,t as Dick was speaking a heavy hand fe' en his shoulder. It wasBennet Hatch h. It had come unperceived behild him,. With a i Jerk- of his thumb, the retainer diamiseed e wifeswi '?rlendl Dlk,' he said as soon as they were alone, ' are ye a' moou-siruknatural? An ye leave sot certain things in peace, ye were better In the salt sea than here in Tun. sall Moat House. Y' have questioned me; I y' have baited Carter ; y' have friahted the jack priest with hints, Bear ye more wisely tool ; and even now, when' Sir D.niel caleeh you, show mo a smooth fate for the love of wisdom. . Y' are to be shsrply que.' i tioosed. Look toyour answers.' Hatch,' returned Diuk, 'in all this I smell agailty conscience' ' An ye go not the wiser, ye will soon smell blood,' replied Bennet. I do but warn you. And here cometh one to tall yo'' " ' And Indeed, at that very moment, a mss. senger. name across thbe court to summon Diok into the pretence or Sir Daniel, ' , 