TALES AND SKETCHES. Haunted Hotel A onotjr of American tourists — ladies and gentlemen— were lingering aronnd t<0 dinner-table after tlio coffee and liqueuers bad been sot before them, ond soon tho conversation drifted to the various annoyances experienced in the Emopean hotels by transatlantic tourists. Tbcro bad been some talk about spiritu alism and its phenomena during tlio lepast. and ono of the persons present, a lively youth from New York, re marked, goyly : " Well, there is one disagreeable element tlmt is absent from the hotels over here, and that is the presonco of ghosts. I do not believe in them myself, but I can scarcely imagine such a tiling as ail apparition in one of tbeso big caravansaries, all noise and bustio and electric lights " I am not so sure of tlio totolabsti- nonco from spirits of foreign hotels," observed Mr. Exe, a tourist who bailed from tho Quaker City. " I once had a very cuiious experience in an Italian hotel, and ono that I havo never been able to explain to tbis day." "0, tell us all about it !" exclaimed ono of the ladiea present. " Do," said another one of the female gucstB, Miss Zed, of Illinois ; " and then I may perhaps muster up courage to tell you of an adventure of that not ire that occurred to me not many mouths ago." Thus adjured, Mr. Exo drank bis coffee, accepted a glasB of chartreuse, and brgan bis story : ' ft. Jew ycuro uyu x truo uutcjuug tu Italy with my two sisters. Wc bad made quito an extended tour, taking in Genoa, Home, Naples, Florence, Venice, etc., aud bad finally arrived at Milan. Wo had been especially recommended to stop at a certain hotel, which was re ported to be well kept and well furnished, and we had written to the proprietor of it to secure our rooms. On arriving tbore, late in tho evening, wo found itc6 pleasant of aspect as we bad been told that it was ; a reading-room, well-fur nished with books and a piano, as well as with tbo usual stock of newspapers, in teresting. my Bisters particularly. But when our rooms wero shown to ub, I I fonnd canso for complaint, or at least for I remonstrance. Tbo room ullottcd to the j girls was of gocd size and well situated j whilst to mo bad been given a small j room on the floor above, quite at the end I of a long corridor, and, in fact, just as 1 distant from that of my sisters as could 1 well bo imsgined. Ellen, my youngest 9 sister, was in dclicato health at the tiuie, I and Jano, tbo eldest, was apt to be nervous about her and lo take alarm ot any symptoms that portended an attack of illncca. In consequence I desired always to bo in easy rcacli of them at night, so that I could be quickly sum moned in caso of need. But the man who showed ns tho rooms declared that £j?Jlcro were no others vacant, and that in fact those offered to in bad only been wired by our precaution m engaging ibem be fore bend. A to giving rns a room on tbe fame door with the yonng iadi-e, that was simply impossible — f ere were none to he bad, firrt tbn more be iiui.ted up-.n that point, the more I was rijj/iWe/l not to OKCTipy an apartment full two-lbird tbe b-ngtb of the hotel away from rny aiaterg, and np another flight of nU'irn ea well. Finally, as I generally do in nrjeb cssm, I sent tor the proprietor biinrelf, and se forth my grievance end my desire for a remedy. He, too, men rrcd me that to giro our party two its, tut that were in close proxmity, was airnpiy impossible, in view qf tbe erowded slate of his house, " ' Very well, then we will go some where else. Girl., put on your bonnets. And will yon bare tbe kmdn ss, sir, to bare' a carriage called, and to tell year porter to take down our trunks 1 ' " This very decided more on my part seemed to stagger the landlord some what, lie called up one of thecfismber- ri!8ide, aud after a brief colloquy with ber in a whisper, he turned to ins and said ; " I have a room vacant opposite to that of the young ladies, but it has not been a coupied for fome time, end, in fact there is no carpet on trie floor. But if you can get along with it for the night I shall be able to make better arrange ments for you to-morrow," " I went at once lo inspect the apart ment in question, ft was a good-sized bedroom, but bad evidently been abut up for some time, tlio atmosphere of it being at once damp and musty. How ever, it was faitly well furnished ; the windows looked out on a wide street and had an eastern exposure, and, moreover, it was only separated by the width of the corridor from that of my nistenr, I agreed to take it at once, and gave orders that it should be thoroughly aired and a fire lighted while we were at dinner, " When wo had finished onr repast, Jane and Ellen, both felling fatigued, wished me goodnight and r< tired to their room, I remained downs (airs for nt least an hour longer, lot, king otter the newspapers in the reading-room and chatting witn some American gcntlc- im-ii respecting business matters nnd home politics. Then lsclected a volume of Mark Twain's 'Tramp Abroad 'from tho library to take np-stairs as a resource should I fail to fall asleep immediately on retiring to rest, I mention these dctoils to show that I was not in a con dition to be troubled with nightmare or imaginary fears; neither had I been in volved in any dltcu.tsion respecting filjOstSOrsJ'JrjtJJjalLSf/i. On the rstfitrnrr. when I retired to my room, I felt quite prepared to enjoy a good night's rest, and nothing could have keen further from my thoughts than any form of supernatural experience. "My bedchamber looked very com fortable when I entered. It had been thoroughly swept and aired, a bright fire was burning in the grate, and the bed, with its ample blankets and snowy sheets turned down and ready for occupancy, seemed to invite me to go to real imme diately. I had some letters to write, however, aud having taken my writing- case from my portmanteau and ordered a reading-lamp, I set to wotk to pen a series of business epistles that were brief and dry and unimaginative enough lo induce slumber instead of hindering it. "There was quite a number of them, and by tbe time I bad cornplct'd my task the lire had kur/ud out and tiic room was decidedly chilly, A deep- toned b -II from some church-clock near at baud struck twelve as I affixed the stamp to the last of my many letter,. Mentally congratulating myself on the conclusion of my task, f got, ready for bed, locked my door, extinguished my lamp, and placing a candle and a box of matches on the night-table, I settled myself down for a good night's sleep. " I was just drifting off into uncon sciousness when I was startled wide awake by 8 very peculiar noise in the room itself, and apparently not far from tbe foot of the bed. I can only describe it as a sort of long, grating, or, rasping sound, such as would be produced by the claws of a large animal drawn sharply over the bare boards of the flooring, and folloir&d; fit interval? Ijv & v/.rt t, f tliftmr. as though the creature ha/1 made a spring. " I listened, thinking perhaps that I had been dreaming, or that rnr imagina tion had deceived me. In /ess than a minute I heard it again, and this time it seemed nearer to the bed. Fancying that some dog or cat, or other animal, had been by mistake shut up in the room, I seized the match-box and struck a light. There was no repetition of the sound. I iightcl my candle and searched tho room thoroughly. There was no animal, nor any vestige of an animal to be seen, and the silence was thorough arid unbroken. " I must have bad an attack of night mare, or else I was dreaming, I said to myself. I again exlmgui died my candle, and once more laid my heart on rny pillow. But almost immediately the mysterious sounds again became audible — the long, rasping noise like the grating of eluwf, alternating with a heavy thud, as though some creature like a huge bird or a kangaroo was progressing by a series of leaps towards the bed. Again I lighted my caudle, and again the noises instantly ceastd with the flashing up of the light, I looked around and listened intently. There was nothing to be seen nnd no thing to be beard. By this time 1 was beginning to feel thoroughly worn out with fatigue. "'PJagno take tho noise 1 ' 1 said to myself ; ' I'll try to go to sleep in spiio of it, and then tlio tiling, whatever it is, can go on scratching and jumping all night in the dark if it likes.' So, for tho third lime I blew out the candle and settled myself to go to sleep, pulling tlio bedclothes well over my head as I did so to nil ot out the sounds as much as pos sible, did they recur. Bnt I was wido awake and my senses sharpened by this lime, and no sooncrwas tlio room plunged in darkness than I heard tiio noises again. " Scratch— bump — scratch — limnp — they cnine ever nearer and nearer, till tbo long, grating rasp sounded closo at hand, and then some hoavy body caino with a bounce upon tho bed. This was too mncb even for my strong nerves, and I sprang to tho floor, clutching the matchbox as I did so and hastening to strike a light. Again I saw nothing, and the sounds were boshed the instant tho room was illnminntod. But on my bed, npar tbo foot, was visible a deep in dentation, ns though caused by tho pres sure ol something of nnusnnl woight. " That incident closed my series of experiments with tho mysterious noises. I not only, left my enndio burning, but relit my reading lamp, that hy chance the former should go out and ilia dark ness onco moro give admittance to my nnscen visitor. Bat all through tho re mainder of the night I was conscious of some baleful presence in the room with me, only held nt bay by tho bright light that flooded every nook and corner of tho apartment. I dared not fall asleep lc3t my lamp should go ont, and it wns not till the morning sun shono in st tho window that I sank into a troubled slauilier, " As soon as breakfast was over I went in search of my landlord, and told him that I mast have another room be fore night, or that I nnd my sisters would at once go in search of quarters elsewhere, lie accepted without argu ment or remark. " Has any one ever complained of tho room in which I slept lost night?' I asked. No one, sir.' " ' I was much annoyed hy certain very peculiar sounds that hindered me I om sleeping.' '"Indeed? Persons usually sloop ill the first time they occupy a strange apartment.' " And that wns nil the satisfentinn I could obtain from hint. Evidently no information or explanation was to bo had in that quarter. Bo I sought out the mail who had chsrgo of tho bod- roorrs on tho floor where I had slept, and hy dint of such arguments as n 9hc following story : " Some months before, Dr. Delnrcbo, of Paris a noted scientist and vivi- soctionist, had como to visit one of his colleagues, at Milan, to consult with him respecting cortnin properties of the spinal marrow, about which tlicy claimed differ. The two doctors gavo them selves up to n scries of tho dreadful ex periments in which the viviscctors of to-dny find tho same delight ns did tho Inquisitors of old in tlio agonies and dying throon of herolics and Jows. " Dr. Dciarche, one day, was watching tho movements of a largo Newfoundland dog, whoso spino ho had just severed. The creature, in tiio extremity of its anguish, contrived to break the strap that confined its jaws, and seizing its tortures by tho hand, ho inflicted on him n terrible wound. Despite the most careful and scientific of treatment, lock jaw supervened, nnd tho doctor died after some days of frightful suffering, being in his ddirinm continually pnr- sncd by tho phantom of tbe wretched dog tlint had been his latest victim. His death had tnken place in tho room that I bad occupied tho preceding night. " ' And since that day, sir,' continued tho waiccr, ' nobody will ever consent to pass n second night thoro. Tlio land lord lias given up trying to hnvo it used ssn bedchamber, and it is lo bo dis mantled and turned into a linen-room.' " Such wns my experience in a haunted hotel. And now for yours, Miss Zed," contained tho speaker, turning to the young lady in question. A universal chorus of " Yes, yea — let us hear your story, Miss Zed," on- sued. She smiled acquiescence, and niKT a moment s pause, Degan : " I made, last year, as somo of my friends here may remorabei, a tour through Italy in company with my two sisters (ono of whom is married nnd tho other single) and my brother-in-law. My anmarried sister and myself usually shared the same room. This was tho caao when we arrived at Itomo. Our little party was allotted two bedrooms on the gronnd floor of tho bote, which I shall call the Hotel X—, not wishing to give its real name. " We had already spent some weeks in Home, and found ours in every way comfortable, nnd convenient, oxcopt that, being on tbe ground floor, wo wore obliged to ecu very carefully after tiio closing nnd bolting of the slmttors at night, for fear of tiic intrusion of thieves. Aa to onr aiumbers, after tbo fatigues of sightseeing they were, at least so far ns I was concerned, unusually sound and dreamless. " Ono night I was suddenly startled broad awake by an intense feoling of oppression and hrcathlcssncss, accom panied by n sensation of intenso cold. I sat up in lied, drew tho bedclothes aronnd roe, and tried to anatyze my feelings, fearing that I wns about to fall ill, for I had been porfectly well when I retired to rest. Tlio room was plunged in totnl darkness, as I novor burned a night-light, nnd thoclosc-futing window- slmttors prevented oven a rny of starlight from Gnding admission. Suddenly i becamo awaro ol n dim, pnlo light Hint wag pervading tho whole room. It brightened slowly and grow in intonsity till every pnrt of the chamber wns thorough illuminated. I noticed par ticularly tlio calm features of my sister, who was sleeping soundly in her bed at tho othor Bide of tho room. Thon, from tiio side hidden by tho curtains of my own bed, a dark figure came slowly forward. " It wsb tbat of a monk in a brown robe, with a cowl drawn over liis head so 09 to conceal his features completely. He stopped at tlio Foot of tny bed nnd commenced a sories of solemn towa and gesticulations, sometimes extending his hands ns if in benediction, nt othor times beating his breat, and once or twico tossing his arms above' his head, as though in despair. Curiously enough, I did not feel at nil nlnrmed, though greatly awed and amazed nt what I saw. I tried to coll out to awoken my sister, but tlio suffocating feoling tlint had been the original causo of my nwnkeninj seemed to Btilio my voico nnd to render it impossible for me to uttor a sound. Meantime tlio monk continued his bows nnd gesticulations, so I lookod down at tins floor to seo what wns tlio object of this strnngo ceremonial. There, along side of my bed, extended tho semblance of nn open grave. "In a few moments tlio monk vanished as silently ns lie iind come, and tho light bognn to fade, nnd speedily disappeared nltogothcr. Tho ' strange spell tlint hnd fettered my voico nnd my limbs nliko wob broken. I lighted my cnndlo and examined tlio door and tho windows to seo if I could in any way account for tlio entrance of my mys terious visitor or for tlio pnlo lustre tlint had lighted up tho npnrtment Tho door and tho shuttors were cloaod nnd bolted. I aroused my sister, who iind slumbered peacefully throughout the whole scene, and wo investigated together every portion of tho wnll nnd flooring without meeting with anything that would servo to givo even n plausiblo explanation of tiio sight that I had witnessed." " And did you never find out anything moro ?" nBkcd ono of her hearers. " Nothing, except that I met after wards in Paris a lady who asked me, dnring a conversation respecting our adventures in Italy, at what hotel we had stopped while in Borne. On being told the Hotel X , slio remarked : " ' liow came you to go there ? Tllftfr, linnun lina f.Tin mniiinfinn of Knirvrv very unhealthy.' " ' And for what renson V " ' Tlio main building wob formerly an ancient monastery, and tho new wing is built over tho ground that wns usod as a cemetery by tho monks;' " I have related in tlio nbovo narrative the actual cxporionces of two Amorican tourists. " I clinnn vouch for tbo troth, d'ye see, 1 let! tlio Into as 'twm told to mc." 