LOVE THAT LIVED. CIIAPTER XL. They found Mr. H-Iampden in the smok ing room, enjoying a cigar peacefully with a cup of coffee; he was a man of temper ate habits, and took these milder bever ages at all hours of the day. ' Where did you pick up Master Jack ?' he asked, as they shook hands. 'Just outside. I thought he came by appointment, but he tells me it was by chance; he has come from Edendeane, and to me he seems distrait.' ' A. dinner and some Lafiitte will lay that ghost,' said the soldier; ' when did you leave the other side of the Channel, Jack ?' -. 'I travelled straight from there to Edendeane, and at Edendeane I did not stay two hours at the most.' 'How was that ?' 'I did all that was required.of me, and a little more its seems, ifI may judge by the thanks I got,' said Jack, with a smile in which these was not much mirth. ' You will hear quite soon enough, I dare say.' 'From you, I hope, for whatever is to be heard cannot be heard too soon; you and Mr. Calvert of course.' 'Yes and gave him a lesson he will not forget for sometime.' 'Which means thatyou quarrelled.' It means that I threw and stunned him, and my thanks were equivalent to a reminder that I had better have minded my own business; my sister said so her self. Your brother Rane was there.' 'Sure to be where mischief was going on,' said the soldier under his long mous tache, and with his firm teeth set together. 'Go on, Jack; what then ?' 'I left and went to my father's house; some one had been there before me-a friend of your brother Rane's. 'Call him Rane simply without refer ence to our relationship,' said the soldier, gravely. '.We are not answerable for the conduct of our kindred, Jack; if every man could testify to the honour of the men, and the virtue of the women, of his family, we should have no need ofprisons or Magdalen institutes, and the Judge of the Divorce Court would find his seat a sinecure. Who was the friend ?' Mr. Calimus.' The Jeu' who, in common with some Gentiles, lends money at rather heavy interest to indiscreet young gentlemen on the strength 'of an introduction and a doubtful.endorsement; but what could he want with your father?' 'His money. I did some bills with Rane -ten thousand pounds worth or so, and, as he had heard of my marriage with Eu genie, he thought the security questionable, so he went to make inquiries.' His money,' said Hume, involuntarily, but Hampden checked him with a glance -neither could as yet see the meaning of this new piece of rascality. ,'My father paid it,' the boy went on, Sand then shut his door upon me; I deserved it, perhaps, for I certainly broke my promise to him,' but then you see be had not seen Eugenie; he would listen to no reason and no explanation; he simply gave me my choice-never to see my wife again or never to see him.' ' So Calimus and my brother have had the money for those bills three times over,' thought the soldier, 'and he has ruined the boy for the present with his father. The separation will not last; it shall not. Such things are unnatural, and should not be allowed till every means of conciliation have been tried. For Rane's share in it I can make him answer; Mr. Calimus must be reached another way. Tbe fact that my brother is his accomplice saves him from a public prosecution for conspiracy and fraud, but it shall go hard if I do not find a weak point in his armour. '.I can understand the choice you made,' said the sympathetic voice of Willie Hume; ' to you Mrs. JohaidMilroy is all the world.' \- 'And always will be,'. 'Let us hope so. But what is the result. You are out of debt, it is true; against that your father has, of course, withdrawn your income.' 'Entirely.' 'And what have you left ?'. 'A few hundred pounds; eniough to live on till I have found out how to earn a living.' Richard Hampden smiled at him with affectionate compassion. , How bright the world is, and how easy conquest seems to us when we are young,' he mused. 'It is only the scarred veteran whose wounds remind him that every victory is gained in blood and tears. Poor lad, I am glad he has come to me.' 'How do you think of earning aliving?' asked -ume. I shall go to the Bar, take chambers, and study night and day, read jurispru dence, common law, and equity, get myself thoroughly up'in every branch, and then I can take the first brief that comes.' 'Certainly a quiet programme to start with," said Mr. Hampden. 'You propose at once to be a Cairns, an Erskine, or a Cockburn, forgetting that every branch of the profession is crowded now by men of the highest talent-men who have been waiting years for a brief, and would be glad to take a County Court case for a guinea.' 'Some must succeed.' 'Curran, Gratton, and Plunket did,' said Hampden, 'but they were Irishmen. Ballantine is just making a name, -and Sleigh is heard of now and then. You would find it slow and serious woxk, Jack, and the first year would cost you at least four hundred pounds; then, even with the most extraordinary good fortune, you could not holpe to take your first brief under four years more.' Well, I must try,' said Jack, bravely, 'and do the best I can. Meanwhile, I am sure there is something to be done in such a place as London, and I can just afford between three and four hundred pounds for my initiation, though I believe it may be done with less, for I mean to economise.' 'Try it,' said Iampden, 'and, if you fail, come to me. Do not let pride stand in your way; a little help may tide pver a bad time, and enable you to be at home when fortune makes a call at your door.' 'If 1 should fail,' said Jack, like one who had made up his mirid that such a thing as failure was impossible, 'I will come to ydu, but not before-not, as a matter of fact, till I have tried everything there is to try.' 'Keep your promise,' said Hampden, ' and I shall be satisfied.' Jack said he would, but in his heart he swore that he would rise to success by his own endeavours, no matter what trial or misery he might undergo on the way. His nature was not wanting in moral heroism, and he did not expect to leap at once to the pinnacle of greatness, but he meant to achieve it nevertheless, it it was to be achieved. 