SPORTING. THE TURF. The Plunger, by Argus Scaudal, wus decorated with the blue riband ns the best stallion shown at the A 1 bury Exhibition Inst week. Horatio was socood. Tho doath Is announced o( tbe celebrated New Zealand brood mare Locket, daiu of Necklace, i liuiiderbolt nnd Bangle. Kntries close to-morrow for tbe IUawarra Turf Club Baudicaps. Visitors to Hawkesbury Races on Thursday and Saturday growled right liberally at tho train accom modation. A return faro of 12s. wns charged for the fir.st«cln specials, but second-clus carriages were pressed into tho service, and save that they travelled nt a quicker rate many of those who paid that exor bitant amount were no better «(X than others whose tickets cost but 4e. After what transpired at "tho rooms" on Saturday cvouing it inuy be aecoptod as quito certain that tbo champion New Zealand c61t Carbine will bo scut over for tho V.It.C. Derby. Towards tho latter part of tho night an offer was made to tako £200U to £200 "bar ten " for the blue riband of the Victoriaa turf, and being quickly dosed with tho backer selected Tour- billon us tbe supposed best of the lot loft lor him to choose from, the layer of odd having barred among l.H half score Wycombo. Melos, Ludy Dotty, Carbino ami Volley. Later on the Derby was agniu discussed and £1COO to £200 went down in one lmud iu favor of the Now Zealand colt, which, it ma be rmmtlouoil, holds an uubeuton cer tificate, aud has won such races as Christchurch Hopeful Stakes nnd Canterbury Middle Dark Stakes, Duncdin Champagne Stakes, Canterbury Champagne Stakes and Challenge Stakos. 100 to 40 was laid against Volley for the Derby, but there was no moro to be had at the same figure. Carbine was also backed In doubles with Mnlua and others for tho Melbourne Cup at 500 to 2. Tho A.J.C. Derby was not touched upon nor was auythiug done oujj tbo Metropolitan Stakes. 7 to 1 wag tbe best olfer ou the field for the latter, and 100U to 100 would have been taken in favor of Cardigan. 1000 to 10 was accepted about Aristocrat for iho'Melbourue Cup and the same figure artked by the owner each about J'risco and Matador, but tbu " liberal " request was uot grautod. Bottling takes place to-day lu connection with Saturday's Hawkcsbnry races. October 2G is tbo day appointed for the next moot ing of the Ualliirut Miners Turf Club, uud prizes to the vuiuu of £3U0 are to bo run for. That speedy racing nmro loua has again changed hands, Mr. il. B. Pell having purchased her lor £160 after sho had won'tbe Hawkcsbury Disposal Stakes. The spring meeting of the Candelo Turf Club has been postpoued till the Gtb prox. At ItauUwIck ou Saturday morning tho racehorse Arsons! attempted to savage the jockoy Power. Though ho didn't quite succeed, ono of Power's legs bears evidence of having beeu in close contact with Arsenal's molars. Racing, men of thoiuortbcrn districts have always shown a partiality for tbo Huwkcsburj Grand Handi cap, as prior to tbo viotory of The Queen ou Saturday they had unnexoU- thut event with Sunlight. Janitor, Tho Dean, Prince Imperial and Cardigan, thu last- named winning in 1887. The Hon.- James Wblto has beeu particularly tinfortunute iu thu race, huving ruu second with Despot hi 1885, with Morok lu 1897 and on Saturday his representative Plutarch followed Tho Quucu hoiuc. Besides these Despot was third when First Demon won la 1883. Mr. Mayo, with two such wins as Rosohill Cup and Huwkosbury Grand Handi cap, should feci pretty comfortable for the remainder of the spring. Another of tho Sydney Driving Park Club's sup plementary meetings takes placo to-morrow at the Agricultural Society's Orouuds, nnd in order to give all classes r.u opportunity of being present the card will uot be commenced till balf-past 2 o'clock. Threo flat races and four trots " arc ou the pro gramme, and it must not be forgotten that pouiosand guliowuj may be measured at the grounds 'to- aay at 4 p.m. I'rofossionr.l jockeys and trainers must apply not later than 4 o'clock to-morrow afternoon for tickets of admisslun to tbu saddling pnddook Tor the Carriug- ton Centennial Hospital uieetiug at Hosehill on Wednesday. A race meeting was held at Elsternwick Park on Saturday, when the following were returned winners : — Sapling Stakes, Bp! ; Hurdle, Landscer ; Brighton Handicap, Anita ; Steeplechase, Deswcll ; Charities Huudicup, Maroucy; and Time Handicap -Trot, Doctor. Tho jockoy Richard Gough, the younger of the three brothers of that name, narrowly escaped being killed at Utvwkesbury races ou Saturday. He was riding Billy Boy across tho course to xlio starting- post for the Disposal Stakes, when tho latter jumped the boundary fence and unseating Gough, tlraggod him some distanco nloug tho ground. as the boy re mained motionless it was feared he was killed, but it fortunately turuud out that beyoud a very sovero shaking and a fow bruises be was uot muchjthe worse of ids adventure. Steeper, 3 rider of - Netu in the Hawkcsbnry Two- year-old Stakes, was fined £10 for disobeying tbe starter. Perhaps tho moat neploctcd competitor for the Hftwkesbury Grand Handicap on tbu day of the race was the Queeuslamlor, Lyudhurst. Ou Friday eveniug he had a lot of movfey written in his favor at 200 to 9, but on the cour?o aud just prior to the Hag falling he was absolutely friendless, uud there were uo backers of him even though 100's to 3 wont offering. The spring Meeting ot tlio Australian Jockey Club commences on Saturday next at Handwick; aud per sons interested have their attootion drawn to the followiug Professional trainers and jockeys tickets will be issued, until 4 o'clock p.m. only on the 20th aud 2 1st lust. Jockeys will obtain admission by the racecourse gpite ouly, ana arc reminded of the rule astocleon and appropriate costume. Any horse or horses found loose will be Impounded, aud the owner chargcd/Dl sterling per horse before thoy are released. Lieeusatl vehicles will not be allowed to cross the course, and ail hansom cubs aud vans having been driven into the grounds aud the passengers delivered must be placed and kept ut tbe scatiou prcrldcd for them, aud thu horses tied up in tbe horse paddocks. No person or persons will be allowed on the course proper at any time. Tbe St. Lcgcr Reserve can only be entered by thu back gates. Foot .passengers can reach the St. Leger Reserve or the centre of the race course by passing through thu special gate ueur the by wash, marked by the finger posts. Auctraliau-brcd horses rail first aud second for tho Ascot Stakes at tho August meeting of tho Calcutta Turf Club. Cupola winning from The Ghost, but the latter protested on account,of ufeross aud received the stakes. Several ponies, including Little Dan aud Far North (iato Tom), also ran at the meeting. Dick Swlveller is now beiug truiued by J. Nicholson at Flemington. The racehorse Euchre was offered for sale at "Balla- rat a few days ago, but the best bid was £20 and he was passed in. Progress, First King, Boolka, Goldsbrough, Rich mond. St. Legcr, Grand Flaneur. Nsckergat, The Assyrian, ) Monmouth, Martlui-Hcuri, Robinson Crusoe, Albury, Cheviot, Caliua, Nordvnfeldt, Sar donyx, Gang Forward. Newm'instcr, Trenton and Chestor are the aires subscribing to tho V.R.C. Sirca Produco Stakes of 1892. Thu annual general meeting of the VJLT.C. takes place on October 1, und candidate for the committee are reminded that their applications must reach the secrctnry by. the 22nd inst. The retiring members are Messrs. A. R. Blackwood, H. Power, T. Grico aud c. h. O'HaUornu, uud they are eligible forro-election. At Mordlalloe races on Thursday Slckio .won the 12.3 Pony Handicap, but his rider dismounted before ordered to do so, and bo waa disqualified, the stakes being awardedttu Groviou, which ran second. Rather bard lines this, but 6trictly iu accordance with racing law. The following other winners were returned at the meeting:— Handicap Hurdle Ruco, Landscer, 10t 71b. ; Selling Race, Evergreen, which waa sold to Mr. \V. J. Abrahams for £60 ; RloUtield Handicap, Prattler, 7st. 21b. ; 14 Hands and under Pony Han dicap, Masher Queen, 0«t. 710. ; and Mordialloc Han dicap, St. John, bsl. 8ib„ after a dead beat with Elti, 7tt. HIb. J.ord Falmouth's Rada walked over for tbe Don- caster (England) Stakes, ruu for ou Friday, She is by Speculum from Nellie Margrcgor. Our Cooma correspondent wires that a trotting match in buggies for £40 took place on Saturday be tween Freetrader, the property of Mr. Woodcraft, t'ooma, und a pony, belonging to Mr. Lauuowc, of Kluh Lake, a distance of 2U tulles, the course being from Burridalc to tho post-olllcu, Oootna. Freetrader led all tho way, closely followed by the pony, aud won the raco by 100 yartiu, the time being lbr. 18Amin. Thore were two persons in tach buggy, tach about list, weight. 