ST. JOSEPH'S CHUKCH COIjEKAINB. ADDRESS BY TRIOR BUTLER There was a large gathering ot fjatnoucs from all parts of the district at Coleraine on Sunday, when the Foundation Stone' of the new church was laid by the Rev. M. J. Shanahan. Among the visitors were many from Hamilton, Castertou, Sandford and even Mount Gambier, while a large number of the local residents belonging to other de nominations also attended on the occasion. Mass was celebrated at 11 o'clock on the site of the new church, which is chosen in a lofty position at the South-East end of the town, a marquee being erected over the tem porary altar. Unfortunately the morning was showery, but during the progress of the ceremonies veiy little ram fell.' At the con clusion of Mass the ceremony /of blessing the fonndations, and ultimately of laying the 6 tone, was performed fay Father Shanahan, assisted by the Very Rev. Prior Batier, and was witnessed by fully 600 people. At the conclusion of the interesting proceedings a collection was taken up in aid of the building fund, and resulted in £100 being added to the amount previously in hand. The Very Rev. Prior Batier, O.C.G., de livered a masterly address, based upon the Gospel of the day (Trinity SundAj) taken from Matthew xxviii — 18 to 20, " And Jesus coming spoke to them saying : All power is given to me in heaven and earth. Going, therefore, teach ajl nations, baptising them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost, te.chiog them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded yon. And behold I am with you all days even to the consummation of the world." In the cour«e of hia remarks, the preacher said : The church to-day celebrates a special feast to honour and worship the Deity- three Persons in one God. This is called the great mystery of the Trinity ; it is the founda tion of Christianity, for npon this mystery, upon this great truth, is founded all worship of God, both in ancient and modern fa'mw The know ledge of the exi&teuce; of a Supreme Beizxc ne- . cesaarily demand from us worship. This mystery of the Blessed Trinity, three Persona in one Godhead, was not clearly understood in the old law. Anvooe having even a moderate knowledge of the Bible knows that it was written at different times and by different men, all of whom were inspired by God, and the Almighty revealed to these -men truths that they could not have otherwise become ac quainted with. That is called the reve lation. Now in the Old Testament the revelation with regard to the existence of the inner nature of God was not clearly revealed. Nevertheless, it was in a measure laid down, and if not generally realised was understood by the prophets and holy men of old. In the pecta- teucb, in the vexy first chapter of the Bible, we are brought face to faoe with a revelation of the nature of God. The Almighty, after creating the world, determined to place npon it a crea ture like himself, namely, man. And the words used preparatory to doing so were, " Let us make man in onr own image." We can see iu that a revelation of more than one persoo. But in the consideration of this doctrine there is an objection often urged. What is the necessity, is frequently asked, of believing in truths which we cannot comprehend? Why should religion demand this of us? Why should there be mysteries of religion, and why shoald we be culled upon to receive them ? We often see in the public prints,and in the sayings of learned men of the day, charges brought against Christians that the latter believe things they do not understand. The men who bring these charges make it a boast that they are an enlightened people. Religion is effete ; railways have spread abroad, the electric tele graph has come into use, science has made pro gress, aod amid all this advancement it is con trary to the dignity of man to believe that which be canoot understand. And these ideas are promulgated by men professing Christianity, by men even who are religious teachers, who hold that it is a sign of the truth of their teach ing that no man shoald believe s doctrine which he does not folly understand, and that it is in accordance with the dignity of men to reject such a doctrine. Is the charge brought against it ? If we believe that God exist, what is the consequence of that belief ? A realisation that He is All, that in Him alone we live and move and have our being, and that we are bound to give Him correlative honor. Granted that there is a child, it follows that the child his parents ; a father and a mother. What are the correla tive obligations ? On the part of the parents to love, to support and bring up the child ; and the child is bonod by the same law to regard the authority of the parents and obey them in all things lawful. It is not necessary to have the correlative relationship written on the tables of the law ; it is written upon the heart of man. If then there is a Supreme Beiog we are bouod to love Him, to worship Him, to adore Him, to honor Him. As our Blessed Saviour has told us the Lord He is God and we have to worship TTim in spirit aod iutroih. How could we adore God? Was it by candles or vestments ? No, these were but the accidents of religion, the outside, like the coat which covers the man, but is not the man himself. God is a spirit and there can be no true worship of Him except by the complete obedience of the intellect to Him, and that necessarily implies the belief in thiogs we do not understand, that is a belief in dogmatic teaching. I remember in Melbourne, at a meet ing held in connection with the erection of some college, a number of men, religioas teachers, declaimed against dogmatic teaching. The parrot-cry heard from end to end of the land, and given expression to by men of in- telligence, and men of education is, " Let our children be brought up without dogmatic teach ing." But we might as well have a man with out blood in hia body as have one without dog matic teaching. For what is a belief in a Supreme Bring if it is not an acceptance -of the truths that we do not understand? If I am teaching a class of boys, and in demonstrating a proposition in Euclid, I say " This conclusion has been come to, or this has been proved," or supposing I am teaching physical geography and tell a boy that it is perfectly certain this world is a spheroid, th&t; it is flatter at the poles than at the equator, what would we think of that pupil should he exclaim, " I will not believe that until I go to the poles and measure them, or till I bring up a certain instrument to prove it ?" He is told to wait, that the conclusion has been arrived at by great and learned men. Bat supposing that iguoraums of a young fellow says, " I cant uud.-rstand it, and until I do I will sot believe it." No doubt such ahoy would be exercising his free will, but would he be exercising it with judgment or propriety? I venture to say that men who desire to .ad vance in knowledge must depend .largely upon the testimony of others and await their opportunity for going to the north pole. What is the meaning of it all? "It means, then, that there has been told to the boy a physical tiuth that has been given to man on sufficient authority, and the boy's non- acceptance of it because he does not understand it, far from beiur a marie of ability is a sigu of folly as well as an insult to his professor. -If a chemist told me that a. certain combination of materials would produoe &n; exploeionl would not make SQch a combination, if the chemiat labelled a certain mixture poison I would disregard the knowledge thus conveyed at my own risk. It is only with respect to religion that men are found upsetting all their theories and practice and saying to God— for to Him it is sua— "If there is a truth revealed to me coming from, the very lips of the Eternal One and I do not understand it I will -oot believe it." like the apostle Thomas, who -desired to put his hand 3hto -the wounds of Jesus before he would kriieve thai He had risen again, aace these men who' declare that because they do not understand they will not believe. Where is the obedience of -intellect in this ? If I demonstrate a geometrical fact to you where is . the merit of your believing it ? But if I told you something that you did not know would you say, " We do not believe yoo." That would not be complimentary, nor would it be the treatment you would yourselves like to be subjected' to if you gave testimony In the witness-box of some fact within your knowledge. And yet with regard to revealed truth there ore many who say, " Son credo— Ido mot believe ; because I do not understand." As though.they could bring theirlittl measure and measure the Infinite. I have delayed so long on this one point because- it -is -the -vary, foundation of the Christian religion -that —there - is one eternal God. and tJiat fo theGod'-head there are three Divine persons. n No intellect of m an can rise to an Understanding of the great intellect of God. He "'liu enshrouded His divinity in clouds ahd darkness, and It is-our business to bow down aadwonhipJHiiiL : It is. the duty of man -to believe what God tells him, whether it be ,by prophet . of old .or'fay His church in the present day. . ; And even if he' cannot understand, It, man is bound to honour and give obedience to the teachings of -God and - His gospris. We hear much hbout Hogmatic 1 teaching; what as dogma t > -It Ss tfae thartring of « a certain truth in clear, immiataVahl Pjray, . and, l wiii -Bsy m paasmgsnat 'anyeeiigioo, claiming that itis nqt 'dogmatic, dimply labels itself as beiny npt the genuine religion of <3 Lord - God. There Seahlba Ad nuS Jwfcrinp, of God except by the obedience of the intellect ho what has been revewlQii and/yhat the mind of man canno£ comprehend. '.Thegreat dogma of our faitb,Mthe Blessed Trinity, is not dearly down in tiieGld- Tefltamenl But just gs the ann ona-duUday giro conation ilHashfw of light Dm'uinbug cfouds, Sio'dohre fiuhefl: j of , -the great , truth among- tbe. Psalins." " ''Holy, Hol/. - Holf,'' LorHso&y; of Sabaotii""?issLj8 . '"flieV.'TtolmlBt; the three 'holys? Agatn the word Jehovahis In oneGodin 4iw d oomlfn Apsst u arteniflSeJtbe fnture Sfajafa " ana Peace; the Holy Ghost. This fo the Divine Trinity, three Persons an one God. We cannot understand it; but, imperfectly I grant,- we can see thatit is not an impossibility. St. Patrick Qlustrated the doctrine of the Trinity be had enunciated to the sceptical chiefs of Tare, by displaying the shamrock with its three leaves on one stem. But a more perfect illustration is famished in the glorious sun which although cue in itself displays at thesame time three separate and distinct qualities, light, beat and splendour. But coaling to that which is more perfect, wa have the words " Let us malm mao in our own image." If I cannot, before the corruptible puts on the incorruptible, mount to heaven and contemplate the glories of the triune God, yet, I can from the words of scripture form some conception of Him. What does science tell us, and what does onr own consciousness tell us ? That there is within each human body a spirit, one and indiviaable and which has no parte and no magnitude. It has no parts, it eannot have parts, and as a resultant it cannot die. All the armies in Europe could not de stroy & mathematical point, simply because it has no pizte and no magnitude. So with the spirit oi man, it is indivisable and indestructible. And such is God. The soul of man is not God for it is finite, but it is like Him. As man's soul is a spirit ao is God a spirit. Aod the powers of the soul of man were distinct while yet inseparably connected. As an instance of this the pre t (her described at some length the operation of the faculty of memory which he went on to say is a part, but not in itself the soul of man. It is the faculty that connects the man of 80 with the child that was, as It enables him to recall the impressive incidents of a childhood that has long since passed away. Yet this facolty is capable of being destroyed altogether, ss it sometimes is by the operation of disease, but the soul itself still remains. God In making man made him like Himself. Han is endowed with aspirations which away him to what is good and, unfortunately, since the fall of onr -first parents, also to what is evil Judgment holds the balance, and man's will is the rudder which will turn him to the right or to the wrong as he may deride. God leaves man free wilt The arch-heretic Calvin taught that man had no free will, that he drifts on ward like a ship without a rudder, and no power of hia own will savo him from inevitable de struction or from the haven of Heaven. False and abominable is that doctrine. We have to shape our own course, to Heaven or to hell. Every man is saved because he wishes to ' be saved, or damned because be cnooses to oe damned. What is the practical advantage of your knowledge and worship of the Blessed Trinity? To love intensely you must know greatly, ' for you cannot love an unknown God. St Paul rebuked the Athenians for worshipping an unknown god, and I would urge you to learn to acquire a foil and complete knowledge of the Blessed Trinity. Referring to the ceremony of the day, the rev. gentleman congratulated the Catholics of the district on the efforts tbey had put forth to erect a worthy temple to the honour and glory of God. They had to ask themselves the question, " What shall I render to the Lord?" and take from the goods of this life to pay tribute to the Almighty. Sneering infidelity asked why so much money was spent in churches, and if it could not be devoted to sanitary arrangements, to the extension of telegraphs, etc. These things were good in their way, but the spirit in which the Oatholic looked at the matter was different. Those who asked why fourteen millions were spent on St. Peter's, three millions on another church, and bo on, had a prototype in he who complained of the waste of the alabaster ointment which the woman poured upon the bead of Jesus. The speaker said be would not raise the money question with them, as they had already done so well and co-operated so heartily with their esteemed pastor, and his friend, in taking steps to secure a building worthy of Almighty God, and of . -themselves. He warmly thanked the non-U&tbolic; friends who had assisted so gene rously with their contributions, and assured them that an that fampla they would never be reviled, but would ever be the subjects of most earnest prayer. In closing a lengthy and elo quent address the rev. gentleman wished all concerned a speedy realisation of their desire to see completed on the site they then occupied a temple raised to the honor of God and to the memory of St. Joseph, the foster-father of our Lord Jesus Christ. 