SPORTING. NOTES. HANLAN has published a challenge to Peter Kemp to row him over the championship course, Parramatta River, for £500 a-side and the championship of the world, the race to be rowed within three months from date. The following disqualifications were awar ded at the Carrington grounds on Wed nesday night for unsatisfactory running: Joe Morris, F. W. M'Knight, three months each; S. Bowen and R. L. Walker, six months each. In consequence of the Rosehill Jockey Club having issued a progiamme to be run on Saturday afternoon, the 14th July, the Carrington ground proprietary hlve decided to postppno the third steeplechase until Monday afternoon, the 16th July. The handball handicap (advertised to take place at the Rose, Shamrock, and Thistle Hotel, New Lamiton, to-morrow) has been postponed until 14th July, on account of a similar handicap taking place at Hamilten on Saturday. "Jim the Penman" has a £500 book open on the Melbourne Cup to win, and 1, 2, 3; also on Caulfleld Cup, Hawkesbury Handi cap, and Metropolitan. Double book on Derby and Cup, and on all the principal Shellield Handicaps. Viotoria Theatre Hotel. 2403 W. E. LILLY, tobacconist, near the Cen tennial Hotel, has books open as under : Melbourne Cup, £50 book (straight out); Caulfield and Melbourne Cup, double book, £20 to is; Hawkesbury and Metropolitan, double book; HIawkesbury Handicap (straight out). 2556 The Sydney papers report that the miners of Newcastle again went down heavily through backing Liddlo to win the Carring ton Handicap. As a matter of fact, Liddlo was hardly mentioned in this district as hav ing a show, his own supporters knowing he was too far back to have the ghost of a channece. No doubt it is greatly owing to these absurd reports that this ped. is kept so near the scratch men. Maxwell and Donovan are both well supported in New castle. Our sporting scribe is of opinion that W. A. Gray or E. Rudd will furnish the winner. The two-mile anmateur skating contest which takes place this evening at Mr. Hi gins' rink, Eastern Wharf, promises to be very exciting. Thero are sixteen nomina tions, and these will be run off in heats of four each. The whole of the competitors start off the one mark. The first heat starts .punctually at 9 o'clock. SC. Merchant was hooted when lie got put down by M'Donald in his heat at Carrington. It was not because he did not try, but owing to the ill-feeling held towards him by the majority of the runners. A quoit match takes place at Singleton to morrow between W. Oliver, of Rix's Creek, and Richardson, of Greta, for £20 a-side. The entries received for the Ceitennial Hotel Commemoration race meeting, to take place on the 14th July, are beyond the most sanguins expectations. The nomina. tions amount to a total of 87, and are dis tributed as follows :-Walter Sidney Handi cap, 24; Centennial Hotel Handicap, 33; Commemoration Handidap, 15; and Good bye Handicap, 15. Our Wallsend correspondent desires to draw attention to the quoit handicap at Mr. Joseph Longworth's Rot al Exchange Hotel. It, will be remembered that on account of the aggregate miners' meeting last pay Saturday this handicap was postponed, and will there fore come off on Saturday first. A large attendance is expected, and some close .finishes. 