i he Invisible Tailor and . Tailoress. jiv an old coxTmnuToH. From the window of the little tailoress one could see the windows of Colonel Fontaine's great boute. As she trimmed her koroseno lamp nnd its yellow flame grew brighter, the white, glittering gaslight flashed up with in every room of the fine mansion. 1'wo little geranium pots where upon her window sill. All over Colonel Fontaine's house were iiot-liou.se flowers in baskets and vases, and bloominu on their narent stems 111 tho con servatory. Two strips of rag carpet, and four painted chairs, and aneigbt-day clock, and a picture of the infant Jesus, and two green plaster of Paris parrots — these arid a table, and some ware on the closet shelves, were all the pro perty, real and personal, of tho little tailor ess. One chair in Colonel Fontaine's bouse was worth all her possessions. Every sort of fine upholstery, articles of virtu, carpet3 that cost incredible sums, pictures by the old masLers and the new ones that were fash ionable, everything that can be crammed in to a house to make it sumptuous, you found in Colonel Fontaine's. ' It was enough to make a little woman en vious. _ The tailoress turned down her light, ond laid nside her work— it was in no terrible hurry — and went and sat by her windows, looked over towards this fine bouse, where thoy toiled not, neither did they spin, wish ing, ns many n hard-working woman has wished before, that her lot had been cast in such paths. As she sat gazing nnd envying, there en tered the room another person. It wa3 the little tailor, husband to the little tailoress. He also came and sat in tho window. ' There ore to be fine doings there at Fon- . taine's,' be said. ' I have just been talking to black Sam, the waiter. He waits there to-night; Two hundred pound does not spread tho table. Think of that ! ' Ah I it's Bno-to be some folks,' said the tailoress. . ' Yc3, indeed,' said the tailor. ' Yes, yes, Dolly. Yes,, yes 1!' Then they looked out again in silence. Tho silver stars wero out in the sky and a little crescent moon ; the frost glittered on the branches of the trees aloug the streets and on tho window panes ; but tho lace curtains only half hid the splondor within that lighted mansion. Tbo musicians were coming — a whole band oE them/.-.They jabbsred in German ob they. filed up the step's. '''Piioy-had .their in^ struments in green. baze;bags:'nnd.in long' black boxes. . ? - '' ., ? ' It's plain thero is to bo dancing,' said tho little tnilor. '' Ah I poor folks don't get much time to danco,' said the tailoress. She folded her ar'nn and looked a littlo cross a3 sho said this. Her husband also looked very moody. They had better havo dropped their curtain nnd gone, to their stitching ; all that splendor was making them horribly discontented. ? ' Only two of 'em,' said the tailor. ' They haven't a child.' 'lUcbmen for luck, and poor men for children,' said the tailoress. ' Xow we've got three.' 'There's tho carriage company,' said the tailor. Thb carriages were rolling up. Shadowy figures .tripped from them, and hurried up the steps. As tho door opened, the glisten ing of silk and the flash of jewels could be seen. ' Ah I'* said the tniloress, ' and my best dress is only alpaca.' ' S waller tails, no doubt— all of 'oni,'said the tailor. 'Oh, dear!' 'Don't I -wish I was hor 1' Eaid the tailoress. 'Don't I wish I was him!' said the tailor. 11 Now if only wc could changc with 'em,' said the tailoress, 'I'd take tho chances,' said the tailor. \- ' So woald they,' said a voice behind them. - Tho tailorand tailoress turned their heads. A little woman iii n black cloak and .1 red night-cap stood behind them— a very little woman, hardly larger than a child. She held iu her hand a broom, aud her white elf locks tumbled nil about her face. Her eyes were black, nnd 'bright ns the frosty stars that were glittering'in the sky. ' You nre surprised to see me, I presume,' said the old woman. ' Well,' snid the tailor, ' not to be uncivil, sve are. Folks usually knocks.' . ' I neverdo that,' said tho old woman. ' I come through the key-hole.' 'Joking I presume, mum,' said the tailor. ' No,' said the old woman. 'I'm a witch.' Tho tniloress got behind tho tailor as speedily as possible. '?I'm a very amiable one, unless I'm vexed,' said tho old womau. ' It does vex me to see people seared. I'm sure I'm not an alarming object.' ' I'm not a bit frightened,' said the tailor ess ; 'only witches isn't usual.' ' Oh, 1 don't miiul you,' said the witch. ' You are notbiug but a fool, lfero you aro as comfortable as need bo, coal in your cellar, food in your closet, three rosy children abed in there — you might givo them more air, it is true— plenty of work, and all you need, and you sit and fret bcoauss you haven't all tho finery in that houso. Why, riohes. don't make people happy by themselves, never did, aud never will.' 'You're apparently an older lady than what I am,' said tho tailoress, ' and you had oughter know best, being a witch. But I'd like to know how a person that wears Bilks and velvets every day, and has never fetched the water to wash her own hands, and goes out n riding behind her own horse, and is complimented aud admired tho whole of hor life, can help being happier than a ipoar little soul that stitched and stitched.' since beforo ever she wns grown up ; that never rode in anything bettor than the street cars; that counts every shilling before she spends it ; has had three children, Lord help her I and has a black alpaca and a bit of gilt breast-pin for Sundays, and makes her. things Inst year in and year out. 'And nottoc'ontradictalady -i;/rfa witch,' said tho tailor, ' how is a man that works nt a toiling, moiling trade, and' half the timo au't paid at that, nnd his a wife and three children) to feed and clothe nnd shoe — grum- bling over what ho gives her nt that — to be contented and as happy as a fellow that just writes, his nauio to a cheque when he wants money, and drinks champagne and them things?' . ' A morecontented crnetur mnn nover bad for a wife,' cried tlio tailor's wife, bursting into tears afresh. 'I never—' ' Hold Cyour tongue,' gsaid tho witch. ' Come, I'll givo you a chance to sec if- theso people are really happier. You shall go over into that house aud take a peep at its mys teries, if you like. I've ouly to wave my broom and you will become invisible. You'll sec things no ono else'sces, hear things uo 0110 'else hears, and, if you. wish to do so, you shall afterwards change places with tiiera. You 3hall;bo Mr. Fontaine, you shall bo Mn. i Fontaine, aU'ays providing you desire to do so.' . ' '.-Hy eyos'l' cried tho tnilor. ' Well, Dolly?' ' It won't hurt to be invisible, eli I' cricd the tailoress. , ? '?It's bit like taking chloroform, t sup pose,' said tho tnilor. ' Agreed i' aiked the witch, - ' Vc*, ' said tiie tailor. 1 Til-: witch waved her boom. I ' I feel ns if I was going ofi,' said the J tailoress. ' lie, too,' said the tailor. Iu a moment more the pair felt .v, light as a couple of feathers or two bits of thistle down. They were floating about in the air, and felt sure that no one could see them. They tried to grasp each other's hands, but there was no substance to hold. They tried to speak, but they had no voices. Still, in some subtle and incomprehensible way, they cominuciatcd their thoughts to each' other, without the aid of spcech. They were in tho lady's chamber. She sat all alone, tliefe. ( Her blaek velvet robe swept over tbe floor. Diamonds glittered on her bosom and in her ears ; on her rounded arms also. She was aburnetteof the volup. tuous style of beauty, hor red lips, berspark liug eyes, her wonderfully perfect nose, her little ears, liko tiny car-shells, were beyond description. She bent over a desk ; within it lay a picture— the portrait of a fair man in n uniform. She talked^to it in whispers. ' Year after year, day after day, hourafter hour,' she whispered, ' nnd I cannot forgot; rYour blood is upon my hands, Jerome. My; heart is bnuntcd by your ghost. May God [ torsive us both.' 1'here was a souud without— a step at the} door. ' I ' Are you ready, madam ?' said a voice, J It was that of Colonel Fontaine, J The lady arose. 1 'One moment,' she said. ' All, If yoi would but leave mo in peace— if you v.viuHl bat let me hide myself away somewhere !'t( 11 Again ?' he said. ' Come here, madeira1 I am waiting for you.' „Ti He did not even set his foot ncrosS wie threshold of the lady's door, and she obeytd him, nnd passed out into the wide hall.- T The invisible tailor nnd tailoress fiittjed out with her, Tbey had jii3t as much Curi osity as they had in the flesh. Besides, wliat did they comsfor but to listen? jT ' Do you suppose I enjoy these scene(3?' Eaid Colonel Fontaine. 1 ' You seem to,' she answered. -I ? ' You seem to, also,' said the coldnoW 'It is all seeming with us. They call ns an affectionate couple, I presume. Thafvdo not know how, since I found his lettjjrsTand his picture, we have hated each other.' T 'I do not hato yon, Henry,', saidl the lady. I L ' 'I do hate yon,' said the colonel. 'iThtre is. no hideous creature begging ii. the streets that I loathe as I do your beiuatiful perso.n— -I who loved you so !' T Ah, my-Goil I' moaned tho wloman. .'^yhy torturc meso ?' - : I :;MTohlydelt^wlicayoa rebel,' id id the colonel. 5' Am .I not ' tortured — a lonely, cblldlcss man,' with a.we;ght of secr^ shame upon my soul I You doomed me to t! is life, and you shall expiate the crime. Yi u shall appear before the world as Colonel Fo 1 taine's wife should.- For ten years we have played the farce. We shall play it to the' last* I quarrelled with him about a game't f cards, not about you. I slapped liim iii I he face, and he challenged me. But he k lew — he knew why he died, I saw it in his ace as I seut the bullet to his heart.' ' Ah ; have mercy 1'' moaned tilt Wcrnan again. ' I have had mercy,' said tho mai i;'!.' 'Yon .live. I killed the more innocent offthe two. You have your own apartments, I.hivo mine; we only play our little role of Darbyjand Joan before the world. . It is not muclf punish ment for your crime, and it keepslmy name from public shame. Are yau-.riady, madam'' - - j - She bowed. They went downithb stairs together; they wero salutedjliy their guest ; they saluted them. fiance went on ; the music swept itu}p,k dreamy waltzes; the fesst was eaten, tlunijiab flowed; but the two invisible guestsjsaw wlint no one could see with bodily eyes. While the lady smiled and talked, while she daAce'd, while she sang, one form still moved Jbbfore her eyes— a phantom, pale and tiery- -aHjeantiful young man in captain's unif itaii with a deep wound iu his. breast! Its1 iyas' looked toward her, and seemed to say—' JJurderess!' And the masterof the housed- ivhat he saw was this: a life that had no meaning, a trampled love, a shattered fiilt ii,'a, broken heart. His own. : .v; ' 7; ' Want to change with them P,' asked the woman in the red capand blacl cloak. ?'.??Can,' if you choose.' . - ..!.' ' For tbe dear Lord's sake', itl ke us home,' cried tbe tailoress. -'-w There they were opposite cat h ither in the two chair. The lights stiU^ilearaed from the windows of the house ovef the- way, and carriages were rolling'from thp door,- ' ' It's queer,' said che taitorf ti 'It's awfully queer, 'Vsaidii/ha' tailoress. 'I suppose it's all n drejvrn,' said the tailor. ' Yes, darling,' said the;:Mlore'a3i: ' Blessed little Dolly, ' sau&fiib;' tnilor. ' 1 wouldn't be her forl&^tfbgdom,' said Dolly. ' I wouldn t be him for a nrorld,' eaid the tailor.. ' And how nice it is,' stiltl-Miie tailoress, 'to look into the ball bedrgdm and see 'em so com fortablo— baby bctwijjnftus, nnd Sally nnd Kitty in tbe trundle-bea.',' ; ? , ' Yes, Dolly,' said the -fciUor. ' It don't take a witch to tell us tbat- jrl'cbes by them selves don't make happiness' It's better to be honest and pure and ashlmsd of nothing, than to roll in gold with ,'nj wicked secret on he mind. .; rF 'We'll pray for those prior- rlcli people to night, Dolly.' ? ]? 'Amen,' said the tailopp.' 