WINTER EVENINGS—GAMES GROWNUPS. FOR It is not only little people that want amusement on winter evenings; big people —grownups aB tho children call them—need it too, and are far harder to satisfy. Some will not play at anything, and think themtelves vastly superior to those who do—pride themselves in fact on being wet blankets. Now with these people we have nothing to dc—wonld that they might always be dismissed aB readily. Games for grownups are naturally of a more staid description than those of the little folks. Whether they are more sensible is a question, as, for instance, tbought-readicg, table-turning, spirit-rapping, and willing. Of couree to some people these are earnest, not play ; but to the vast majority of those who try them to while away a wiaterevening tbey are games, neither more nor less. It is amusing to notice what a great deal of trouble some people will take for small reeults. A system of thought-reading, or rather pretended thought - reading, was published in the Queen newspaper a while ago. The medium was blindfolded, and an accomplice cued him his answers by Blight verbal alterations in the questions. The time and ability needed to master that code of signals was'enough to have mastered a language, to say nothing of the difficulty of remembering it, which would tax even the memory of a Mississippi pilot. The game in this instance is certainly not worth the candle, but there is a simpler way in which two friends can cause a good deal of mystification and fun if they understand the telegraphic alphabet. The thought-reader is blindfolded, and places his hand on the forehead of one of the company (his accomplice, of course), and can then describe anything shown—tell numbers of notes—BO long as the rue whose forehead he touches sees them. The way it is done is this: The accomplice telegraphs the information by clenching his teeth so slightly that no movement is noticed in his face, yet the message may be felt in long and short throbs of the muscles onthetemples. A good many games are played with pen and pencil; of th: se poetry game is deservedly a favouiite. It is played in several ways, and may be altered and improved upon, according to tbe taste of the players. One way ia ae follows:—Each player is provided with a pencil and paper, and proceeds to write down the last words of four or more lines, as, for instance, hat, fat, sat, can, and passes it to his neighbour, receiving a similar paper himself. Each player then writes the first line ending in the word written down, foldB down the paper to conceal it, and writes beneath the number of syllables, and passes it on; tbe next player must write a line of 80 many syllables, ending in such a word. This he does and passes it on, marking the number of syllables and folding down the paper as before. This iB continued till the words are used up. Sometimes it is agreed that each player shall write two or more lines on a verse, but in every case he is ignorant of what has gone before. When the poems are finished they are unfolded and read aloud. When the players are at all clever at it the rhymes are often very good. Another kind of poetry game is played as follows:—Each player haa two bits of paper, one a half-sheet, on which he writes a question ; the other a small slip, on which he writes a substsutive, Both are folded wp. and questions and substantives are shuffled and drawn haphazard, each player drawing one of each. Each player has to write a rhyming answer to the question he has drawn, at the same time introducing the substantive. When all are completed the questions and answers are read aloud. With practice the verseB get really good, and they are great fun even at the beginning. Most incongruous substantives and questions have to be worked up together. Some people put down prosaic and difficult substantives, intending to puzzle others, and get them themselves,, much to their disgust. Some, on the other hand, write easy questions, hoping to get them themselves, and are also disappointed. A gentleman once wrote—"Why do you look me through with eyes so full of love?" hoping to get it himself and work it up into something sweetly sentimental; but it fell to the lot of another, together with the substantive "old boots," and the result was not romantic. Here is an example :—The question drawn was " Why art thou sad :" and the substantive " buttons." " I'll tell you why my heart is sad. The children are such gluttons. They eat and cram until each lad Has burst off all his buttons." When people get into the spirit of the thing they sometimes write five or six verses, and give wonderfully gdbd answers. Sketching game is played with pencils and paper in something the same way, Eash player has a piece of paper, on which he or she draws a head, folds it down, and, marking the width of the neck, passes it on; the next draws the body and folds it down in the same way; the third draws the legs, and all the sketches being now completed are unfolded, the mixtures thus made being often most amusing. Another variety of sketching game is called "Illustration." It is better than the first, and may be made very funny. Each player writes on tbe top of a pie=e of paper the subject for an illustration, a line of poetry, or proverb, or a scene from a play, as the balcony scene from "Romeoand Juliet"or the ghost in "Hamlet," anything, in fact, that can be illustrated. These are all folded down, put into a hat, and drawn. Each player has to illustrate the subject that falls to hie share. He then folds down the writing again and passes the sketch to his next neighbour, who has to write underneath what he thinks it is intended to represent. The top is then unfolded, and the criticism isoften ludicrously incorrect, as, for instance, when the death of Romeo and Juliet imperfectly illustrated is mistaken for Jack and Jill when they fell down, the hilL Many people refuse to play at this game because they cannot draw, bat imperfect <1 rawing rather adds to than detracts from the fun, as it increases the difficulty of guessing. Letter game is a good gana, and iisiins intereet with practice. It is not the old game in which one person gives another a jumbled up word to guess ; that soon gets tedious, and is at any rate a most unsociable game. In thie game the letters are put into a ba£ and each player draws one; these are rut in the middle of the table and whoever draws the letter nearest to the beginning of the alphabet draws again, and makes a word with the letters on tbe table and the one just drawn, if he cannot he most put his letter in the middle, and the next one plays. Besides making words on their own account playerB may take them from their adversaries by adding to and altering them, as, for instance, gift may be taken and turned into fight by tbe addition of an h, fight may be turned into fright, and that again into freight, if the right letters turn up. Whoever gets ten words first wins the game. Neither foreign words nor proper nouns are permitted. Another way of playing, and a more intelesting way, is to chose a word, a good long ODe, and see who can make it first, the making and taking of other words going on as before. Games that need no materials are sometimes useful. There are several well-known ones .of this kind. Among them are " Animal, vegetable, or mineral," in which one player thinks of something and the others try to find it oat by atkisg queetione, to which he answers " Yes" or " ivo ;" " How, when, and where?" in which one goes out of the room and the others decide upon a word which he or she has to find out by asking them in tucceEsioD, " How they like it, when they like it, and where they like it."' " Lbave thought of something" is rather a pec-d game. One player thinks cf something, ard saye—'' I have thought of something, and it rhymes with so and so." The others guess what it is, but instead of saying the word they thick of they give a definition. Suppose it is to thyme with mate they might Eiy, " la it a doom ?" and the thinker says, " No, it is not fate." " Is it what schoolboys write on " No, it is not slate." " Is it another word for head ?" " No, it is not pate." " Is tt what we eat our dinner off?" " No, it is not plate." And so on till the right word is expressed. PerhapB it is skate. ! Words chosen should have a good many ' rhymee, or they will be too easily guesEed j A game something like the children's old favourite chair dance may be played with j a bunch of flowers. ( £11 sit or stand in a circle, near enough to j touch hands, and some one plays on the piano, stopping unexpectedly now and then j ae in the chair dance. While the music con- i tinues the bouquet is passed quickly from j hand ta hand. Whoever holds it when the ; music 8tops leaves the ring. This is cou- { ticued till only one is left, that one being the \ winner of the game and possessor of the flowers. Some ardent tennis-players have contrived the game of drawing-room tennis. It is played with Japanese fans {or rockets an4 toy balloons for billE;. the net is represented by a cord stretched across the room. The balloons are wafted across not strcok. One thing to be remembered with regard to games is this—they must never be allowed to last too long. In the home circle or among intimate friends there is not so much need of this caution. One game may last a whole evening. Poetry games, for instance, have a great fascination for those who are good at them, and are often resumed night after night. But among mere acquaintances the ball must be kept rolling, and not only must each game last but a short time, but games of all kinds must occupy only a small part of the evening. If there are wet blankets present woe betide any one who is trying to nuke things go. They will vote everything slow; though they may not say so they will show jt plainly enough in their faces. However, in spite of their contempt, games such as those here mentioned are by no means to be despised, and help to make winter -• vrcings the ccey happy times they Bhould b W. S. 