RUNNING GHuTST TO EARTH. (rTHE osros T LOEE.) Tackling spirits, seizing apparitions by t the throat, nailing hallucinations, peering into heonted houses, and bearding spooks I ia their dens, experimenting with thought I transference and mesmeriem, and in general monkeying with all the unfathomable mysteries of the human soul- this is the unique occupation of a body of learned men called the American Society for Psychical I Research. In a back room of a modest-looking house In Boyleston place is the headquarters i of ith society's secretary, Richard Hodgson, LL.D. In this simple room, filled with books, pamphlets, and circulars, sits the man who'hopes that his efforts will aid in solving the riddle that all the sages of all toe nations have given up in vain-the "riddle of the painful earth." He hopes I not many years will elapse ere sati factory answers can be given to these world-old questions: What is mind? What is the Boul! Is it immortal ? What is life and what is death? He hopes that Nature's eupremest secrets will be wrung by force from her bosom, and marvellous revelations will be made to mankind. And this know ledge will not be the result of any arguments or of teautifally constructed theories, but of hard frozen facts. Dr Hodgson is an Englishman, about thirty-.seven years old, a graduate of Cam bridge University, a proloundly learned scholar, and a level.headed man of much sound common sense. He is an en-hnselst, and is devoted, heart and soul. to the work of the American Society for Psychical Be. search. He certainly doesn's look like a man who hobnobs with ghosts, and is on ape iking terms with spirits. In his clerical work, which includes a vast correspondence, he is aided by a good, robust- looking blonde apparition. BSe is also young and quite pretty. Wito a somewhat indistinct utterance, which sends along at abut twenty-two toots an hour, Dr Hodgson told she writer bhooa the work of the Society for Psychical Research. SOur society was formed,' he said, 'for the purpose f making an organised and systematic attempt to investigate that dark border land of human experience, and to examine critically tho phenomena which are not now cxp:ained by any satisfactory theory. Scientific men of eminence in all countries admit the possible existence of what the unedoucated call ghosts or spirits ; and further, that one mindmay exert upon another a positive influence otherwise than hr ugh the recognised sensory channels.' 'That is, you mean to say, doctor, that if, for instance, you are in Timbuctoo. and I in Oshkosh, I may feel my mind under an influence emanating from yours, which thus annihilates time and space?' ' Eractly,' he replied. ' And our society is endeavouring to collect from reliable sources such facse, because if they are ones nconotestably established they will prove of the highest importance. 'The chief departments of our work '1. An examination of the nature and extent of any influence which may be exerted by one mind upon another in what is ptpularly called a supernatural way. '2. The study of hypntism and mes merlsm. and the phenomena of clairvoyance. '3. An inquiry. as to the existence of re- 3 lations hitherto unrecognised by science bet ween living orga. isms and magnetic and I eleotri forces, and betwren living and inanimate bodies. '4. A oares?l ineastigtion of and reports, resting on s'roug testimony, of apparitions occurring at the moment of death or other waise, and of disturbances in houses reputed to be hauntedi ` 5\. An inquiry into various alleged physicale phenomena; commonly called spiritualistic In accordance herewith the research 1 work of our society is divided among five committees, all of whioh are presided over by men of unquestioned .bitity, learning, nd fairness. Professor if P" Rowditch, of Harvard, is chairman of the Committee on Thought Transference;: Professor Josa?? Royce of the Committeeon Apparitions and Haunted Houses ; C:f B. Corley. a well known Bostonian, of the Committee on Hypnotism; Dr W. N. Bullard, of Boston, -f the tCommitteeono Mediamistie Pheno mena; and Professor C 8. Mint, of Har vard, of the Committee on .Experimental Psychology. SThat doesn't look like a collecaion of cranks, does it? Our society is composed of m-n of all sorts of beHef- and no beliefs 0ome are Spiritualists, some materialists, some theists, and sane agnostics, but all Intent on the discovery of the treah, not by argumest and ratiocination, but along the lines of inconteetable experience' 'Would an inquiry es toy ur own per. sonal belief be impertinent, don or ?' Well, I suppose, I should be probably called a Spiritunalist A number of years ago, when I was student in Cmbr dge, England, 1 met a man, an utter stranger to me I have sufficient eause for believing that he knew nothing whatever about me or my past Ife. And yet this man told me, enih such miuseness of detasil, eironm Manoes and events wkich" I' knw every o'e but myself "to be ignorant of that I was forced to coonfess his miraculous insight' When the writer lo0ked a little iecredun 'one and ventured so interpose an explana tion of the phenomenon, the doctor interrupted him and p oceeded 1¶This 'man, whom I met almost b) asoi aent. desortbed to me wibh absolute fidelity tohtnth the psenliar manner of my cousin's d tth in Aug ralia twelve years previesa, w~ris I was then lising.: "He said he saw my cousin pesent with na in the room, wIsore he and I were sittion aloe talking ijot as yeou and I are talking now. He told I of esp boyish pranks together ahd of litla ebildish secres that my eousdl and I had between ourselves, He deseribed, with perfect trash, many ifuignificint and yet enduring impressions recelved when I was a youth. In faot, my whole.past life lay before him like an open book, He read my+,,+ inmost soul. 'I was at the time, as sabort of recreatiop investigationg spiritualism, and from the number of frauds I had come across you may imagine how hard I was to convine,. But this experience was suficiene to over-?.., come my scepticism. 'Another incident of a different character, however, which came within my pereonal knowledge, served to confirm my belief that mind acts upon mind independently of mattrr or of time and space. Au English lady of my acquaintance living in Lindoe saw suddenly before her -one afternoon the figure of her sister, clad in a shroud, and with her hair cut close to her head. This sister was at. the time on the voyage home from India. It afterward proved that en the very day and at the very hour when my lady.frisin. saw the apparition her sister died on board the vessel. She had had her hair oaut off to seed to her friends at home as a sonvenir.' ' Why do not a few each Instances as these, if incontrovertibly proved, establish your :theory beyond all possibility of doe?,t?' 'Because,' replied Dr Hodgson, as he flled his pipe, ' we are reasoning from facte. to theories, and not vice versa. The more facts we have the more solid is our foundation. That would be a very treacherous structure which was placed only on one frail post. A theory of thought transference basod on one or two or even a hundred cases, however well. attested, would have no value. The existence of one spiri: apart from the body would not prove the existence of other spii s. The fulim arof_ . - ,ls+us-. tle-,-o -lly or oneaM+ apparition, thy verification of the premono" lion, might he called a coincidence, and the.' man who should attempt to build a theory on it would be justly ridiculed. But give as out of 10000 dreams, apparitions, or premonitions 1,000 which are verified, and the plea of mere coincidence no longer holds' 'Do you anticipate satisf:etory results from the society's Investigations ?' ' Yes, personally, I can say that I do. But the work is far from beieg'completed. 'We have a vast amount of evilence, but it is not yet examined and sifted. A great deal of it is, of courEe. utterly worthless. The replies to our ireoplars asking for personal experiences are still coming in, and It will be months before tangible resalts can be an nounced.' 'Do you consider the haunted house branch of the psychical business a dividend . paying one?' Toe enthusiastic doctor gave the ques. tioner a quizzical look, drew three or four' staccato whiffs a:. his pipe, and said : ' No,. r that seems to me the most unsaaisfactory. part of our work, although several incon testable and unexplained facts have been gathered.' The Society for Pedyhieal Research goards its gathered materials with great searey;:.: Its rich fund of fact- is not published outiL they have been passed upon and thoroughly eoamined by the various committees; even, then the names of those who contribute their.. experiences are in no case furnished to the public. Among the following are some of the mo·t astounding facts on the record: On let January, ISS. at 10 a.m., Mrs T., a lady living in a Western town, writes.. to a member of Congress, the husband of her daughter, in Washington. Dr Hodgson has seen theoriginal letter. Thislstter explains a telegram which Mrs T. had sent only three hours before, inquiring about her daughter's health The- orginal of this telegram has alco been seen by Dr Hodgson. The telegram reads: To nion --,Houe ci Resresesta'ive Wa.bleo ion.no, .--t en. WlU esoms i Nell eeednme. The signature is the mother's name. Mrs T.'s letter of explanation first says that she has been for some days anxious about her.. daughter Nellie's health, although there had been no illness of late. Letters from Washington had heed lacking for some days ; he last one had reported the. daughter as having just returned from making fifteen calts, 'very tired, and nearly frozen.' ' I waked.' says Mrs T., Slast night between 12 and 1 o'clock, deeply impressed with the feeling that Nell needed me, I wanted-to get up and send a telegram. IfI had consulted or followed my own n clinatioos. I would have dressed and gone down to the aittiogroom.' Liter, however, Mrs. T. went to sleep again; but in the morning the vivid impression returned. A: 7 a.m. Mrs. T. sent tne telegram, and wrote apparently befort she r. ceived an answer, for in the margin of the letter is added the postcript: 'Telegram here;. h;ank goodness you are well.' The lady in. Washington, whose mother had had so vivcd an experience, had been seriously Ill during the same niht,; althoogh the morning had found her much better. Her attack was a very sudden one, which sheba described as neuralgia of the lunge, with a hard ehill.: ' 1 must have been,' she says, ' about the hour mentioned in my moaner's letter that I at last exclaimed "On, don't I wish me was here,' I Ehall send for 'her to-morrou if I am not better."' In the morning came the telegram from the West, but the patient was bester,.' and she and her husband w. re puzzled at. her mother's uneasiness, and replied by,; telegraph : We are all well; what is the matter with you ?? A Boston lady, whose position i an abso lute guarantee of. perfect good failh, wrote from Hamburg, Germany, on 23rd June last to her sister, who was at that time In Boston:--'I very nearly wrot' from tha Hague,' *sys the lester, to say that I was very thankaul when we had a letter from you on 18th June saying that yon. were W.ll and happy. On the nigh, of the 17th I had what I supposed to be a nl.ht. mare ; bus i ali seemed to belong toyonu sad to be a horrid pain in your head. as if it were being forcibly jammed into an Iron eaque or same such leaeant instrument of torture. The queer part of it was my own diLassoilation fron the pain and the conviction that it was your.' Thisletter. written from Europe six days after the nigbtmare, leaves no room for supposing that any now forgotten correspondence had passed meanwhile. 1i is, therefore, inter eating to find, on a bill made out by a pro minent Boston dentist, under date of 19;h June of last year. and addressd to the hueband of the lady to whom th- foregoing letter was writn,an item for one and two third hrona' work- on 17th June. It is also itareetiog to learn from the ldy 'in question that this work was performed for herse'f, and was done upon a very painfni O filling. The diecomfort succeeding the work contioned as a dull pain for some hours, andt must have been almultaneons with her ' sister's nightmare. An old gentleman living at Albany ha . been Ill for months. Hli married daugh er resided at Worcester. One evening Jast summer she soddenly laid down the beeo *be wa reading and said to her houband: 'I believe father is dying.' Be wWI strangely overcome by the tmpression, en: there had been. nothing whatever in. tg conversation or In het own thonghts to lead' to the esuject of her father's health. All that evening and the next morning tk feeling haunted her, until a despatch onmes a,. ing that her father had died the.avelatg before. A Lowell pbhysiian was called to cee a patient about 10 o'olock one night. It was extremely dark, and in alighting from his conveyance be made a mis step and sprained b-l. ankle sevelly. Hta wife, who was at home Int bed asltep. saddenly awoke with the. vivid impression that an ac ident had oo. e.rred to her husband. She ascee, awakened the servant, and onmmunicated her fears tO? her. Nothing could Induce her to return to bed. At 1 o'slock the doaeor returned. a? it was found that the moment of the aoideu. r and of his wife's awakening ware ats ll Staneous. He was thme miles away fromi Shome at the time. SA young lay of Boston was vieft?' , he uncle at Montpller, Vt. He baadbnt recently moved there, and she had newni Sbeen in the Green Mountain State b* if fore. The day aetfr her srrival -e I took her to jeweller' .to se a earnlo b timpiele whiak bhd i boca :.nti.m :.. .., i.. + .+ , . . , , . , -.+ -,,•?' un' local newspaper. Thisjeweller was a lPesfeet~sitrangr to both unole nad niece. : ameiter having eard of him before. The gn':: teman iantrodued himselfi and made know ti h.e errand, and presented his niece. The jeweller, a very oourtsao affable man stretched'out his hand to the young lady. Her eyes caught eight of it, she turned pt.e. S iieai to, tremble, and did not take the proffered hand. On leaving the store she eaia to htr uncle, 'I could no: shake hands with that man; there Is bloond on his 'tr:gers. He is a murderer.' Her uncht .zidrcoled the idea, but it was afterwards learned that thirteen years before the jeweller bad been indicted for murder, although, owingto the breakling down of a witness who at the first examination had told a strai htforward story, he had escaped saviction. Mrs, J., living in the suburbs, had spent be norning shopping In Boston. She says, I returned home by train just in time to lit down with my children to dinner. M? youngest, a sensitive, quick-witted little maiden of three years, was one of the circle. Dinner had just commenced when I snd denly recollected an incident of the morning shopping experience, which I meant to tell her, and I looked at the child with the full 'intention of saying, ' Mamma saw a big black dog in the store,' catching her e) e in mine as I paused an instan before speaking Just then something called off my attention. and the sentence was not uttered. Two minutes later, Imagine mo astenishment to hear my little girl exclaim. ' Mamma saw a big dog in a store.' 'Yes I did,' I g?sped, 'but how do you hakn +' . With funny hair,' she added, calmly ignoring -ý"-n. _..io.Wn.. ?Wbat colour was it ?' 'Bl?eL.' . ,ow. it was •ttertyfmpmr fn- - ?.,u n: oto have been given even the slightest hint of the incident as I was alone in town, and had -ot seen my children until I met them at the diroer table. Here is a narrative, vouched for by the 'highest authority of experience, in a house tome miles from Worcester The man who sends It is a well known manufacturer, and his word is as good as'his bond, which would be honoured anywhere for 100,000dole. lHe wrote: In relating what I raw on a July mo-ning in 1883 at my house, which I had but recently pusonased, I will first describe the room i· which Isaw it. It is a bdroom, with a win. dow at either, end, a door anda fireplace at opposite sides. The room isin the upper story of a two story house, said to have been built before the revolution. ' The walls are ono usnally' thick, and the roof high pointed and uneven. The occupants at the time I speak ofl were my brother Henry, myeol., and a servant woman. The latter slept in a room on-the basement story. A hallw l Sdivided-my brother's room from mine On the night before the morning above men tioned I had looked my door, and having undressed and put out my light, I fell into a soond,- dreamless sleep. I awakened' about 3 o'olock in the morning with my face to the front window. Opening my eyes. I saw:before me the figure of a woman stoop fing down, and. apparently looking at mc. Her- head, and asonlders were wrapped In a common grey. woollen shawl. Her ems were folded and wrapped in the shawl. I looked at her in my horror, and dared not cry out lest. I might move the awful thing to speech or action. I lay and Io "ked. and felt as if I' should lose my reasor., Behind her head I, saw the window and the growing 'dawn. the, looking glass upon the toilet table, and the furniture in that pusr of the room. , 'After what may have been only a few seoonds-of the duration of this vision I cannot judge-she raised herself and wen backward toward the window, stood at the toilet table and gradually ve.oehed. I mean she grew by degrees tranoparent, and that through the shawl and the grey dress abe'wore I saw the white muslin of the table cover again, and at last saw only that in the place where she had stood. For lhours I lay as I had lain on waking, nos d-ring even to turn my eyes, lest on the 4other side of the bed I aho Id see her again. Now there is one thing of which I con d take aoy oath, and that is that I did not mention this'eiroamstance either to my brother or to our'seerant, or-to any one elee. S Exactly a fortnight afterward, when sitting at breakfast, I noticed that my brother seemed out of sorts and did not eat. On myasking if anythng was the matter, he replied, * No; but I've had a horrible nalghtmare. Indeed,' he went on, ' It was no nfghtmare. It was early this morning. jest-as distinctly as I ee you.' ' What?' I asked. ' A villaionnes-lnking hag,' he .answered, ' with her head and arms wrapped iu'a?grey shawl, stooping over me and looking like this.' SHegot up. folded ble arms. and put him self in the post,,re I remembered so well HI then described howthe figare moved towards the door and disapp-ared. ' Her malevo lent face and her posture struck terror so sny sou' . 'A- year later. In 'he month of July, one evening about .7 o'alock, my second eldest sister and her two little children, who were visiting us. were the only fo'ks at home. 'The eldest chbild, a boy of five years, Swanted a drink of water, and on leaving the dining room to fetch it my sister desired the children to remain there ti I her reta n, ubs leaving the door open. Coming back se quickly as ponsible she met the boy, pale and'trembling on his way to her, and asked 'why he had left the room '-Oh.' he said; 'who Is that woman!? Who is that -woman?" ' Where!?' she asked. 'That old woman who went up stairs,' he answered. .&?htried to convinee him that there was no Soneeles In the .house, -bat he was so agitated and so eager to prove it that she took his trembling hand in hers and brought him -'pstas, and went from one room to an other, bhe searching behind custiens and elder beds, still maintaining that a woman did so' n the staeirs. My saister rightly thought that the mere fait of a woman .gofg up stairs in a house where she -as a stranger would not account for the child's terror. . ¶'A nkighbour of our startd when we frat told'him what we had seen, and then asked if we had-never heardithat a woman itad';been murdered in that hoseb manY years previouse to our purchase of it. HRe aid it had the reputation of being haiunted This was the first In:imation we "ladf tbelaot. On the night of the 7th July. 1886 I was wakened from a sound sleep by nome one spe. i g close to me. I turned round, say lug, Emily. what is it!' thinking that my S. iter who slept in the room next to mine, Ld osme In.. I saw plainly the figure of a .woman,who deliberately and silently moved :'away toward the door, which remained ablt, as I had left it. .Two days after, this occurrence I was wakened about 6 o'clock in the mornig by a presentiment of approaching evil. I opened my~:yes, and distinctly saw the form of a darkly-oclad. elderly female bending over me with:folded arms and glaring at me with the most intense malignity I taied to scream,' .and strugeled to withdraw myself from ber. whon she slowly, and silently receded back. -.ward, and seemed to vanish through the bedroom door. 