Coffee Cultivation. IN responso to the wish of several correspon dents we, herewith, commence a series of articles upon the above, and from un ex perience gained during a three years resi dence in Ceylon, during which we saw mucli i of tropical products and cultivations, we think that Coffee growing should pay well here on high lands, free from frost, especially in cases where family labour is obtainable. We commence by extracting from a work by Mr. Marah, of Colombo, portions of whic'li were published by us in the " Queenslander " a few years since : Tho Boil best adapted to the cultivation of tho cofl'ee tree is the "loose gravelly or stony," and the " chocolate," but the troo sus tains life, and yields fruit, though not to II great extent, in other soils..The rich black mould is peculiarly favorable to the coffee tree, and will produce it, like other fruit trees, in perfection in a seasonable climate ; hut I have seen fields established on rich soils throw out an immense folirrge ; always appearing green and beautiful, and yet pro ducing no fruit. An instance of this kind is to bo found in a high field in St. David's, called Wiudsor. A clayey soil harbors damp in wet weathers, whilst iib becomes dry und sterile at the opposite change, and stops . -vegetation in the tiee. It is not unfrequently. mixed with a stratum of marl, to which so soon as the roots of a tree arrive, decay en sues, the first indication nf which is to be ob served in the yellowness of the leaves, which Boon become shrivelled, till at length all drop off, nature yields, and life becomes totally ex tinct. In my experience I 'have seen large patches of coffee die off after this manner, without any apparent possibility of account ing for it, but on digging down to tho lower roots, tho marley stratum of which I have Bpoken is to be found. A plan was resorted to by an experienced planter to reestablish a field which had thus died away. Ho caused a small quantity of white lime to be thrown into the hole (which was always dug vory large) intended to receive tho young plant, together with a portion of the upper soil. The tree grew, and boro for a series of years ; hut again becamo tho victim of the marl. It would therefore appear that tho warmth of the lime had been absorbed by the chilling dampness- of the marley stratum, and that tho latter' availed itself of its power to com municate its doadly breath to tho roots of the ?tree. ? la virgin lands, aftor tlio usual prepara tion of foiling and clearing away tho wood, the coffee plant is put in, in tho following .manner:-Thc land is lined off into rows of from G to 7 foot square, ns tho richness of thc soil and tho prospects of tho olimato may warrant. At each square pegs aro inserted ia the first instanco, to denoto thc spot assigned for tho reception of thc plant, and tho persons engaged in putting in tho young suckers follow on with ti delvo, and as tho peg is removed a hole is made about eighteen inches deep, into which the plant is inserted, und the earth pilod gontly about it, leaving from six to eight inches oxposod above the surface of the earth. Formerly it was cus tomery to raiso nurseries from tho seed, ?whenco a regular supply of young plants could bo obtained in the laying out of the "now fields ; but those have fallon into disuse, from tho quantity of young trees which are to be found growing wild on thrown up lands or plantations, tho growth of horries which aro taken from cultivated fields by thc birds and rats. The quantity of fruit which is annually lost to proporties by sundry cansos, suoh us careless reaping, birds, rats, &a;, form : of themselves nurseries under tho trees, ; and these furnish plants; but L'on, all woll managed properties, these latter nurseries should be eradicated, as they tend much to impoverish tho soil,, and to rob tho tree of that aliment which is essentially necessary to its preservation and longevity. ; The suckers aro drawn, trimmed o£ their roots, and cut about two foot long. Good Btout stumps are generally preferred, ns they vegitate with greater strength. Plantations were formerly established from tho seed in the first instance ; but I have not known within the last fifteen years such a courso to havo been pursued. It was customary to plant corn, peas, and provisions through all young fields, till the trees were about throo yours old j but the great alteration which has taken place in plantation economy sinco tho emancipation, has been such as to abolish this practice . I do not think that either corn or liens do any injury to a young iiold ; but provisions de cidedly tend to exhaust thc soil and koop hack the young plant. Young fields require immense caro, in con sequence of the rankness of tho woods which spring up in all new soils, lt therefore be comes necessary to. clean them at least four times per annum ; and at each cleaning it is requisite to supply all the plants which have not taken, ia order to ensure a porfect and regular field. A small eyo is tho first symp tom of vegetation which attracts tho observa tion, then n bud, a couplo ' of leaves, and joints and leaves follow in the courso of nature's operations. The young tree shoots out ita lateral blanches at each joint, which follows in regular succession till tho treo arrives at tho height of four feet six inches.-: It is at this I period when science is firBt called into action, by the topping of tho tree, which is per formed by cutting off tho six inches with a knife, so as to form a treo of four foot. This operation has a wonderful effect on vegeta tion; the branches in their turn begin to throw out buds, which in time becomo the limbs termed collaterals j and in the course ot eighteen months, tho treo will have arrived at its full bearing point, forming a ?pectaclo of amazing beauty and order, and presenting a remarkable poa-grcon hue. In late years, since virgin lands adapted to Wie growth of the coffee troo have become so distant from tho works, trials have boon njade on plantations to ostablish fields on thrown np lands and old nogra grounds. Much RUCCCSS lias nttendod tlio lattor attempt, but the trees do not grow to within one-half tho size of th oso planted on »ow "op. Lands situate contiguous to tho works might bo established in cofTooby tho aid of juanuré, however poor tho soil may. be, but iatnonso caro ami attention will bo required to effect, it , Trocs, after being topped, throw up Woken from paoli joint, but moro cspcoially nt the head. These must be removed at each cleaning, as they grow rank, and rob the tree of its support. The wood of a coffee tree is of a greenish colour, and rather soft when young; but us it ripens it assumes a brownish and hardy appearance. In topping young fields this appearance must be strictly atten i dod to, and the trees should not be topped till the tree has ripened at the cutting point. I have known young fields almost ruined by being topped too early, before the wood had sufficiently ripened. As young trees com mence hoing planted, and as they generally bear heavy ut the time of topping, it stands to reason that imless the motlier stem be sufficiently ripe to bear the weight of the branches loaded with fruit, the unripe por tion will wear away, und thus tho tree and fruit will be destroyed. The'most difficult and yet highly impor tant portion of plantation management, con sists in' the due attention which is required to keep the nell regularly and properly pinned. This is a subject upon which planters aro .seldom found to agreo-each one has his own peculiar system of pruning ; soma -recom mend heavy cuttings, others slight pruning, »ind not a few no pruning at all. Amid such a jargon of opposite opinions, we must adopt the motto IN MEDIO TUTISSIJIUS. In my opinion, one of the mauy o vils which has been inflicted on this country has resulted from the injudicious and indiscreet mode of management which was pursued upon planta tions. Whilst large tracts of woodland we're at command little ot no attention was paid to the keeping in cultivation of old estab lished fields ; these wero allowed to run into waste, to give,place to the large returns which wero anticipated from a new and rich soil. Indeed I may safely say on this point that the usual indication of Jamaica characteristics was palpably evident-viz., to live for one's self, and not to think of posterity. Acting under-this spirit, plantations were run over, and considered worn out in the course of a few years, whilst, with a proper degree of caro and - precaution, they might haye retained their names, abd kept up their crops for a series of years. The pruning system then adopted tended much to accelerate the ruin of properties. As labour was abundant, it was customary to commence pruning at an early season, before the crop was - taken off, and the destruction of a few tierces of pro duce at tho fag end of the crop was considered of rio consequence. By dint of heavy and severe cuttings, the trees were forced to the utmost of which nature was susceptible into copious vegetation. This exuberance of young wood tho tree could not sustain to per fection, and the major portion was therefore consigned, in turn, to tho fate of being torn away by the openers to perish, to secure some ventilation for the tree. Tims was that un done which nature had . been forced to per form. These hoartless bleedings wero repoatcd I year after year till nature was exhausted, and tho tree would yield up tho ghost. This sys tem of managoment came under my own observation, which lins induced mo to allude so pointedly to it, moro so as it was sot up as tho NE mus ULTRA of plantorship by those who had numbered theil' eighteen and twenty years experience in plantation management. When fields haye been noglooted for years, it becomes absolutely nocossary to resort to severo pruning to ro-orgnniso tho troo ; for it stands to reason that constant vegetation irre gularly kopt up must choko tho trees and pre vent ventilation ; while the decaying and useless brandi os would still spring, and draw sustenanco from tho good and regular ; and as thc treo continues to boar yearly, however little, it must bncome ono mass of vegetation and irregularity. Such being tho caso, it is impossible that the bearing wood can attain perfection, but bo rather stinted in its growth, and become useless and unprofitable. .. There can be no specific rules laid down for the guidance of the uniniated in tho art of pruning. General rules might ho spoken of, but tiley are so liable to bo interfered with in their application, by constant changes in the cl i in uto and the seasons, as to render their in tent unavailable. Jn my opinion the best modo of management is discernable, in him .who takes advantage of tho appearance of ii aturo by an application of his skill, when that is required to assist tho treo in nature's operations. ? The tree, as I have beforo observed, throws out lateral branches in the first stage of its growth. These aro called primaries, and should they be cut off, or broken from tho stem by accident, their place can never bo supplied by a growth of tho samo kind. Suckers and "gorruandisers," of which I shall heroaftor speak, take their placo. Tho coila i terals which strike out in a la tte ral direction from tho primaries, subsequently become the ¡ legitimate victim of the pruning knife af ter I their bearing. But it often happens that as nature promiscuously supplies this vegetation, a larger erop of collaterals might bo gone rated, and draw mote ailment from tho tree than it is able to support, and bring the fruit to perfection, so it becomes necessary to resort to science, and to. select that portion of the wood whioh is healthy, strong, and regular, and take out tho puny, irregular, and super fluous. ?. (To bc continued). 