SKETCHES. USELESS APPENDAGES. It has always been a puzzle to physiolo- gists to properly define the functions of the spleen. Anatomically it is known as 'a ductless glandular organ, of an oval figure, situated in the upper portion of the abno- minal cavity, to the left of the stomach, and under the ribs, but the exact part it plays in the functional economy of man is by no means so easily defined, indeed, there are doubts whether it has any use at all. The ancients regarded the spleen as the seat of anger and melancholy, and to the word- makers' acceptation of this old-fashioned belief are due the expressions 'spleenful,' 'splenetic,' and some half-dozen other additions to our vocabulary. Surgical experience, however, scarcely bears out this belief; for it has been found not only that the spleen can be extirpated without causing the least disarrangement to the general work of the system, but that its removal neither makes a man less angry nor less melancholy. Its only business in life seems to be that of getting occasionally enlarged and so making itself a nuisance to all its neighbors in the cavity, and altogether it may be regarded as a useless appendage. So, too, the last joint of the spine, that bit of bone shaped liked a cuckoo's beak and so- called the os coccyx, is a useless appendage, if ever there was one. It contains no portion of the spinal cord, is detached and has neither movement nor supporting strength. As an indication of rudimentary tail (at one time, perhaps, not so rudimentary), it is a curiosity, but its present use is simply nil. The ver- miform appendix is still another portion of human anatomy upon whose usefulness there is no competent authority. It is a worm- like thread that depends from the ascending colon, but it has neither sensation nor func- tional use. To this list may be added the wisdom teeth. Like Charles Lamb when a clerk at the Somerset House, they are the last to come and the first go. They do nothing in the masticatory line that could not be ac- complished by the molars, they easily decay, are often the source of much annoyance, and certainly may be written down among those things that would not be missed. It is not in man's organism alone that one may find these occasional evidences of nature in an abortive mood, or the proofs that in the evolution of the fittest that which has fallen into disuse has not been ruthlessly discarded. The elephant's tail, for instance, is one of the most pitifully ludicrous examples of a useless appendage. It certainly is no ornament, it is of no use to steer by, and as a fly-brush it is an arrant failure. Without particular flexi- bility, without any beauty, and without any rank as a weapon or means of defence, it is a caricature of a tail. The rudimentary toes on the dog's foot are assuredly useless appendages. They are little, loose, cartilaginous things, armed with a nail that often grows to a troublesome length, and so thoroughly useless are they esteemed that many dog-fanciers think it best to dispose of them with a clip of a sharp pair of shears. The curious observer will find non utili- tarianism a very common feature in the structure of birds. What could be more useless than the wattles on a turkey or the alleged wings of the auk, penguin and puffin? The hideous excrescences on the neck of the martyr to Thanksgiving have not a single thing to recommend them, and the wings of the Northern fowl are as useful to it as a parasol in the face of a blizzard. They, the wings, are laughably dispropor- tionate in size to that of the body of the bird, and neither assist it in walking nor swimming, while as an aid to flight they are simply out of the question. There is a bird in New Zealand called the apteryx which is even worse off than the puffin, for, except by a stretch of politeness, it cannot be said to have any wings at all, what it does possess being two funny little flippers armed with a spike. There are many other examples to be found, but those that have been given are enough to show that while it may be true that nothing was made without its use, it is also true that use occasionally lapses, while the instrument remains in a modified form as an object lesson in mutability. Useless appendages are not, however, con- fined to natural history; they are also to be met with in social organisms. The man who does not move with the rest of his fellows, who retains his silurian crawl while the world is hustling along in the march of life, who impedes Progress by hauling back on the rear of her chariot, and who hinders Hygiene by telling her dull old tales concerning the merits of the sloth, is certainly a useless appendage whose lopping off would rather be regarded as a good stroke by the great pruner. The laggard trustees of great bequests who allow years to go by without applying the funds in their charge to the objects desired by the munificent dead, who practice the tactics of dilatoriness, and who delay rather than advance—these are also among the useless ap- pendages to the body social. The bosses who make their living by trad- ing on their knowledge of human weakness; who are tricky without being clever, and sly without being wise; whose unscrupulousness is a byword and whose methods are shameful —these and all their gang are among the use- less appendages to the body politic. Then there are those shameless creatures —the moral vampires—who attach themselves to fallen women; who deliberately plan their fall and trade on that catastrophe with the cold-bloodedness of a fish; preachers who are puffed up with windy platitudes; false philanthropists; nineteenth-century Phari- sees who enlarge their phylacteries and set up their statues at the street corners; fossil scientists who never look beyond their noses, and can't look that far because of the dust on their spectacles; the professors of lechery under newfangled names; the followers of the isms, and the traders in faith and its bastard brother, credulity—all these are use- less appendages whose definite loss would he a distinct gain. A concluding paragraph on those ap- pendages about whose uselessness there is more or less doubt. Of these is that semi- mysterious individual, the husband of the lodging-house landlady. The female variety is well-known; she is cropping up con- tinually; she figures in tangled criminal cases; she is constantly being interviewed and reported. But who knows anything about the male variety? Where does he keep himself? What does he do? How does he live? Where is his home? A hundred questions may be asked about him without one good, satisfactory answer. His existence being a matter of doubt, surely; his useful- ness cannot be of a very high grade. Then, too, what shall be said of the husband of the actress—the man who is introduced as the husband of Miss So-and-So? Occasionally he makes himself useful by attending to his wife's professional business, getting her engagements and haunting the box-office on the day when the 'ghost' is supposed 'to walk,' but ordinarily he is considered an appendage, and sometimes not only useless but tiresome. In older countries it is the fashion to consider young sons as useless appendages, but this fashion generally obtains only where such absurdities as free trade entail, and the aristocracy of birth still exist. No such considerations or doctrines prevail here, where sound sense, perseverance, honesty and brains, are the sure titles to success, and where, by their aid, their possessor can rise to be an honored leader instead of a useless appendage.—S. F. Chronicle. LADIES' COLUMN. In Training. The daughters of rich New York women are very frequently put at the beginning of the season in the hands of a trained nurse, who is responsible for their good condition during the season and whose duties are very nearly as onerous as are those of the trainer of some champion of the prize ring. Her management is something like this: When the nurse thinks it is time the bud was up she wakens her, wraps her in a soft wool bath- robe, and carries her into the dressing-room, where she invests her with two garments of stout jersey cloth, and makes her either swing a pair of light Indian clubs for twenty minutes, or take the same time in exercise on a gymnastic bar. When the debutante is in full glow, she is wrapped again in the bath robe and carried to the bath-room, where a white porcelain tub has been filled with warm water. Into this has been flung, before she comes, a French bran-bag, the contents of which are bran, shavings of the finest olive- oil, soap, emollient pastes, and orris root. This is used like a sponge in bathing, and on being squeezed emits a soft creamy perfumed lather which leaves the skin smelling faintly of violets and as soft as velvet. After the bath the young woman is thoroughly rubbed down with towels of a damask which is as soft as satin, for any rough texture injures the tex- ture of the skin. If the weather is cold, a little cold-cream is used and rubbed in care- fully with the hand to prevent chapping and redness. The hair is smartly brushed for twenty minutes, the nails manicured, and while this luxurious young person is attend- ing to the rest of her toilet, the nurse sees that the proper breakfast is prepared. This is simple—a bit of dry toast, a cup of choco- late, an egg, and some rare steak, because she has to eats so much trash at balls and dinners, that this is the time when she absorbs her real nourishment. Then the attendant leaves her to her own devices until she comes to dress for the evening. Another bath and a cup of hot fresh tea prepare her for the night's work, and when she returns jaded and exhausted, at three in the morning, the nurse is on hand again to undress her, give a little soothing brush to her hair, feed to her a cup of steam- ing bouillon, and, after putting her to bed, rub her gently and smoothly in the massage fashion, until all aches and weariness are gone, and she sinks off into eight hours of dream- less dumber. It is astonishing what fatigue, what an endless wearying course of dissipa- tion, a girl can go through, and come out of it as fresh as she went in, when some one stands ready in this manner to repair all breaches made upon her youth and loveliness. Girls who have this care last at least ten years longer than those who are left to shift for themselves, and the money spent in this way generally proves, in the end, to be advan- tageously invested.—Argonaut. : Ladies' luncheons are more gorgeous, more fashionable, more personally flattering, than any other attention (says a writer in the Bazaar). One New York hostess of the win- ter gave a large luncheon of fifty or sixty, having small groups around the room, with- out tables, served as they would be from a supper-table, from one large buffet at the end of the room. This was delightfully social and pleasant. Now such a luncheon as this has great advantages. It enables a lady to invite more than she can to a "sit down lunch"; it is a useful institution as enabling a hostess to show a considerable amount of civility to a great number at com- paratively little trouble to herself. She can have young ladies, single ladies, married ladies, old ladies, all of whom like to meet each other. She can have persons at a lun- cheon whom it may not be easy to ask to dinner, and it is always a pleasant way of entertaining a stranger. She can offer to them all the same delicacies—salads, pates, boned turkey, oysters, ices, jellies—that she would offer at a dinner, beginning, of course, with bouillon in cups. Ladies do not remove their bonnets at a luncheon; they should, however, wear a warm wrap to remove in the outer room, because the fact of eating in a crowded room makes them very much too warm for the outer air, and in danger of taking cold. Tea and coffee are never served after luncheon, either in the drawing-room or dining-room; guests are not expected to re- main later than four o'dock, when, if they are denizens of New York, they generally go to a "tea at four o'clock" somewhere else. A New York girl, of that exquisite blonde fairness of complexion to which green is the most becoming color, gave a green dinner the other night that was a picture in its way. The dining-room was a bower of palms and tree ferns. Across the entire length of the white table-cloth was laid a broad strip of green China crepe, each edge being thickly fringed with maiden-hair ferns. The centre of the table was a bed of ferns and delicate, lace-like lycopodium, and from each corner of the square plat of green rose tall slim vases of green glass, holding above the heads of guests one long green stem crowned with a cluster of lilies. Among the net ferns and grasses were buried half-a-dozen fairy lamps of the palest green, giving a light like that of fire-flies. The table was lighted from above with a great ground-glass globe covered with pale-green crepe and lace. At each plate lay a bunch of valley lilies amid maiden-hair ferns and tied with green rib- bons. The soup was a puree of asparagus served in green china, and everything throughout the dinner was green when it was possible to have it so, the entire china ser- vice being green, and the ices at the conclu- sion all flavored and colored with pistachio. The young lady's mother was dressed in emerald velvet, with superb emeralds and diamonds as ornaments, and the young woman herself was a symphony in green tulle and silver, looking like an Undine or a naiad. Nothing so daintily perfect has been seen in New York for a long while, and it rivalled in finish the famous white dinner served by the enamored French cook to Blanche Amory, when he spoke his love in his plats. The Chinese Minister gave in Washington, last autumn, a pink dinner that was the talk of the capital for a while, but pink and red dinners are not uncommon, while there are few women who have sufficient confidence in their complexions, to venture under green. 