ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. I A. M. P. SOCIETY'S PENSIONS. (To the Editor of the Maitland Jfercury.,7 SIR,-The severe silence on both sides of the question yet at issue re the A. M. P. Socioty pension Lfund may bo accepted as the precursor of the doter nined struggle to follow in the Conrt of Equity. At the meeting to be held on the 7th September n the Sydney Town Hall it is to be hoped definite irrangements will be made for receiving subscrip îionB towards a fund to test the legality of the action of the directors and the validity of the late roto-a vote which was absurdly called a general vote, but which, through the skilful monouvring of the directors, officials, and other satellites of the office, turned out a gross imposition, and a perfect ghost of a general vote, the result of which, how- ever, was most lucidly summarised in the columns of this paper as beiug, in plain English, a vote of censure upon the directors. A cheesparing parsimonious policy has never been one of the features of the A. M. P. Society, and when it was urged that the expense of sending proxy papers to all members would have involved on unjustifiable expenditure the paltry exouse may be taken for what it is worth, viz., nil, for, as has been already pointed out, the proxy papers could have been, enclosed and forwarded with the last issue of the bonus certificates. Besides, it would surely have been quite justifiable to spend a few pounds in postage stamps when the shareholders in this Society were threatened with despoliation to the'tuno of £25,000. From a paragraph in a lateissne of the Qunnodah Advertiser we leam that evil to the Society was ap- prehended when Mr.'J. P. Abbott placed hip mas- sive figure in the directory chair, and so it has fallen out, for the evil shadow has been promptly followed by a hideous reality in a most revolting form. I feel sure that most of those who, uko myself, aro opposed to dedicating the funds of the Society, in, this r^ugh-shod manner for such a purpose are not so much opposed to the amount, or to its object, bat to the principle, and as the directora may be looked upon as working the " thin-end-of-the wedge" oracle, it is well* to challenge their right, to clip their wings, and at once annihilate their despotic usurpation of power. ,When we remember that the majority of voters was opposed to the alienation of the £25,000, and the majority of votes in favour of it, does it not a " tale unfold ;" and is it not as olear as noonday that the whole affair is a class one. It is devoutly to be hoped that at the Town Hall meeting in Sydney on the 7th proximo, full dis- closures of the chairman's moves in this question will be unfolded; and it is quite within the bounds of possibility that the over- sapient Joseph may yet have the pleasure of " paying the piper," but in order to lead to this piece of righteous retribution, Mr. McElhone must have well- lined coffers in order to retain able counsel ; and members will be wanting in thpir Aniv to thArriRplvfin ann to thpir phnmninn ii they fail him in the hour of battle. -Yours, ¿co., MEMBEE OF THE A. M. P. SOCIETY. *80th August, 1888. 