" FOB WET ABE ALSO HIS OPFSPEING;.' (ÂBA.TU8, Greek Poet, ijuoted by ST; PAUL.) (Man speaks.) Heir of the Agaa, beautifni,- sublime 2 Fruit of tiie passions of primeval Time ! Thou marvellous thing-hadst thou of old no Sire Save viscid cell, self-spawned from moving mire ? If thou in truth hast made thyself so great Prepare thee to create ! Prepare, on some lone isle, a vaporous marsh, ' With choice environment To favour thine intent, ' But netted from intrusion, or the harsh Bickering ohallenge of some lordly frog, Crying, " TU have nb rival in my bog! " Now get thee, hermit, to thy cell of cells, And girding thee about with greater spells Than those that reared thee so far,-fall ? v. .'? asleep,: - ... Long, multitudinous years let Wonder keep. WeCoh o'er thy mighty slumbers, and thy pooh , [Ghost ief Van Winkle ! To . lie keen and cool As hairy mammoth in his ioy field, Or savan toad in marble cell concealed, Waiting for what ? Prythee what then, quaint fool?] Nay, nay ; be patient (if we can) : "...¡ .. ,Tr(uly,'tte long to wait; i. . Truly the ohanoe is great; Arid yet, if there be fortune in thy fate, j Haply thou'lt wake at laBt to find A MANP : 'Stay, that were Euclid's maddest dream, to . gUpBS '-. Produot of unknown factors numberless ! From drops of rain to chart the summer Or wealth predict of marble palaces Self-risen from the quarry and the sand f_ .-: Without a bandi j And yet, keep patience s calculus have we . j May solve this vague Ib-be ; E'en as this pebble, spinning through the dark. May hit the hidden mar k. Given the primal cells {just ''ont and in ") ;, Let loose these lesser gods of thy terrene, While stars cleave óyeles through the far . sereno: : Haply thon'li wake to find-if not a MAN, At leaBt some goodly thing, self- wrought, self-reared, ; . Self-fasTiioned, self-evolved, ... .-( Self-passioned, self:resolved ; ' Bare product multiplex ' . Of age-long phanges, manifold, unknown ; .While on his seoret throne Sits Season, prinoe and pontifex Spawn of thy pool J - Truly 'twere long to wait ; But thy reward how great! , ^ Of this so f air a thing ' Author, and lord and king ! . And yet, be thou afear'd, This thing a poet's theme, This ^wonder Of thy dream, This inter-nascent Sport Of slipping cells, may oourt .No Arbiter-may swear to range as free . .', -As fOam; upon tW seas iv Too large, too wise thy creature may have grown, Thy right on him to own ; Nor love thy smile, nor fear thy rod, . Noir bow to thee-his god ! H. (God epeake.) What, little one f-would thy simplicity ? Fling challenge to the wraiths of mystery P Nay, rather draw thou nearer unto MB. Love's silent spell; the brooding breath divine ; The .marvels of My being or pf thine, I solve"not these.for thee : hui thou art MIKE One will upholdeth all things : each lone isle In seas of space I garnished, and the while Watched for thy waking with a FATHER'S .*? emile. Wake, little soul ! SOUL of thy soul am I: Speak to Me, child, and love shall make . "ply; Cling to me child, and prove Me eyer nigh! G longing heart ! My heart of tenderness Hath love.no glowing symbol may express : A FATHER'S care ; a MOTHER'S rapt caress ! Frail spirit thou, BREATH of thy LIFE am I : Let not the barren winds reoeive thy sigh, "Who of My SPIBIT breathe .shall never die. Tot, seeing theejso cold to My caress, èb way ward in thy mirth or thy distress. So lonely in the haunted wilderness, I send thee JESUS. Ah, then, turn and hear Love's word of power low breathed to human eat ; .He ie My SON-and thou to Him art dear ¡ Soul, thou art sick-Love longs for thine appeal; ' *'-" ; Love's wounds and WÍOS are working for thy weal: ; Turn, childi for if J leave -thee who shall heals Yield to Me, child; I pasBioh for thy oalm YearnKto Me, child; My BBEMH. ibath \,;v.'';haUowingv.Balm<\---- ;??>..«».?.'.-. Come, lean npon the Everlasting Arm 1 ' ? ? I will not blind thee with excess of Light ; I foîd'ftway Love'sterrors from thy sight ; ;Ye1j :&lh;ï My shadow o'er thee in the night. *What .though, in ranks and multitudes unkno wn, ' . Adoring soraphs press around My Throne i To thee t am hut thine-and all thy own Î 