SIR W. HARCOURT AT THE EIGHTY CLUB., On 21st February Sir William Harcourt was the principal guest of the Eighty Club at a banquet given in Willis' Rooms. About 260 gentlemen sat down to dinner, and about fifty ladies were afterwards present. Sir William Harcourt said the chairman had truly said they met to-night under circumstances of great encouragement. LAST WEEK WAS A PAMOtJS WEEK. It was famous for ; a striking pledge illustrated by three speeches—those of Mr. Parnell, Mr. William O'Brien, and the old man eloquent, Mr. Gladstone. (Loud cheers.) The attempted answers by the Government to these speeches led him to think that the policy of coercion had withered their energies in debate as it had destroyed their influence in the country. Mr. Goschen in his speech said he thought it was a "crusher," that the men by whom the Liberal party were supported were men who came into Parliament., in 1880. But in reply to these taunts of youth and inexperience he (Sir William) mentioned the names, well known in the Liberal muster roll, of Christopher Talbot, the father of the House of Commonsj Sussex Vivian, and Samuel Whitbread; hut if the great body of their party consisted of the "youthful and vigorous and ardent spirits, so much the better. Those of them whose orbs were sinking upon the horizon had no greater pleasure than to know that there were rising amongst them youths who inherited the traditions and worth of the Liberal party, and would fight its battles. (Cheers.) It was enough for him to close his political life among his old friends, obeying the same chief, wearing the same uniform, and fighting under the same colours as those under which he was enlisted. (Cheers.) If he had any title to be the guest of the Eighty Club, it was because he was faithful to that party. When Mr. Goschen reproached them with relying upon the men who came into Parliament in 1880, it did not evidently occur to him that the Government were dependent upon a party still more recent, he meant the new Tories of 1886. (Laughter.) They were not particularly young , in years. They were very recent in their political faith. Thej were like trees, transplanted, not in youth, but in mature age, which became ghosts of their former selves, unwholesome, decayedlooking vegetables. (Laughter.) He spoke with -sorrow of: these fallen brethren? as of the recreant 'monks in Marmion, "Brothers,, let. thy sorrows cease; sinful sisters, ; part in peace." (Laughter.) There had been many men who, .from being Unionists, had become Home Rulers, and a vpry few who, from being Home Rulers, had become Unionits; but THE FATE OP THE TWO CI1A8SE8 WAS VERT DIFFEBSNT. Mr. Laicata was converted to Unionism, and he had disappeared. Mr. Buchanan was converted to Home Rule, and he had reappeared.. (Cheers*) To speak of the other party—he was sure they all appreciated' the* ^course 'taken by Mr. Evelyp. i (Cheers.) ' There Mere . other men belonging to' what was called specially the high-minded sectioh of the Unionist, party*' who had • taken a very different course, as the correspondence be'tWeBnrMr. A. Morley 'aiid Mr. H. Beaubiont showed. (Cheers.) The Chancellor of 'i the Exchequer thought they went too fast.: He tSir William Harcourt) did not mind if they did so. As long as Mr. Goschen was in the Liberal stable he was not a good goer. (Laughter.) He went a little too slow. But there was always some use for everything, and it was funny to think that the slothful slug of the Liberal' party had become the prancing steed of the Tory party. (Loud laughter andcheers.) The Eighty Club had never met under more inspiriting circumstances than that night. Politically speaking,, the winter had passed and the spring time Was bursting into bud. He did not think they ever had reason as a party to be more rejoiced or pleased at the prospects of their cause. They bad outargued, out-spoken, and out-canvassed their opponents, and whenever they had got at them they had beaten them. (Cheers.) So much had that been the case that they had a very low opinion of bye-elections save that at Winchester. (Laughter.) He was sorry Mr. Goschen's rhetoric on Friday night was a little marred by the result of the Southwark election. Human nature was human nature, and it was with a feeling of satisfaction that he saw J3BAGGADOCIO AND TYBANNY BREAKING DOWN. These elections at Southwark and Edinburgh showed reinforcements. Where did those reinforcements come fromP The fortunes of a campaign depended on the reserves. They depended on the reserves, and those • reserves included Southwark and Edinburgh. It was the First Napoleon who looked for Grouchy and not for Blucher, and it was Blucher and not Grouchy who was coming up and giving them the victory in these hard- fought fields. (Cheers.) He did not wish to disparage the efforts of the members of that club, but there were those who were far more able and effectual supporters of Home Rule than themselves, and there was no one there who had rendered such service to the Liberal cause as Mr. Arthur Balfour. (Cheers.) He doubted if there was a man among them who could hold a candle to Mr. Balfour in the efEect he had produced. There had been an immense deal of honest disgust aroused in English minds at the present administration there. No wonder that, under the circumstances, men came up in their thousands to vote for the policy .of Mr. Gladstone, and to condemn that of Lord Salisbury and Mr. Balfour. (Cheers.) He was going to touch, and it was best not to be nervous in his treatment, on the conduct of the Unionist Press which was predominant, especially in the metropolis of Scotland and in that of England. He was glad to say that in their Tanks a new Star was arising. (Cheers.) Prince Bismarck said the other day that papers might be useful agents if they represented large bodies of the people, but that if they represented only the opinions of small parties or large cliques they were but of small importance. People were not led by the nose, and the rejection of Mr. Goschen, the re- election of Sir G. Trevelyan, and the re-election of ! Mr. Buchanan were good slaps in the nose for the Conservative party. (Laughter!) The fact was that the Government and THE UNIONIST PASTS' WEES PIATED OCT. (Cheers.) They had done their worst, they had shot their last bullet, they had played all 'their winning cards, and they had lost from the beginning. (Renewed cheers.) He should like to remind them of one or two of the weapons that had broken in their hands. The first, and the very old, rusty tool, was that of vituperation of Mr. Gladstone. They had been at that game for thirty years, and at the end of it he did not believe there had ever been 'greater or more genuine enthusiasm for that great states-! man than now existed in this country.) (Loud cheers.) To take anothef of their! weapons. These Unionists did hot scruple, if they thought it would suit; their purpose, to strike below the belt.: A Tory friend of his the other day spoke to him of the fatal mistake tliat haai been made by the party to which "hfel belonged. He (Sir William) asked what that was, and the reply came ". Without; doubt Parnellism and ~ crime." His friend went on to. say that that liad done panied him as the friends of Job did, and said, " Serve you right." (Laughter and cheers.) That, more than anything else, had ruined the Unionist Press of the country. A cause upheld by such means cpuld^iot he suitained. , {THE ABOMINABLE TEEATMENT OF IEI6H /ItSIlBEBS of the House of Commons was a sfe^i^l which had -produced a mOBt wholesbme reaction; ' ! (CheerSj : *Phfc 1 . ill-ttreigmejit; to which those 'gentlemefr'^Iiftft'^pj^n! subjectedhad. madeihem most. ^reJ^uil agents in the tetent^'eleot^j^^^eir; opponents' -sought 7 $6.vshame gSftfiSf' saw > They were not asham^RS' the very essence of the.poUc/thev ^ pursuing, and they .wele avow and' defend (Cheers.) What ^aS'ttS^CX'^ •up the embers' of eitinguishea p-'^ seeking material for ^Iteem ancient hatreds? The gaffieriae^,, of all those- things which"&Sf; desired to' be,forgotten wafe' not tfeS of a statesman, but rather the «cm» of a dustman or a stavenger. \ He did not ask whether lW^WAi mous, for they had no Hght'SS that of the Tones, but wag 'it 1^ P ol j tic P JHear, hear!) No aShbt ftl had m this controversy, been fcad ^ done, and-had words spoken,-Imt^ policy of peace and good-will liid life inaugurated; and 1 had aW&di;'w! miraculous fruit.. (Hear/ liea?) man like Lord Spencer hadlke au nanimity to bury the recoUecfioiig rftS angry past in thb interests tfgreat pacification] was it for tiii puny men on the otjier side to'&ttenr; to keep ilive the hatreds of twd klndii peoples when' thejr*were, embaVted ip policy which te&dR; in iftatU&ini; direction P (Cheersiy He^Sit^ita) hoped they would'try and for^'il these deplorable things, and they glimM send this refuse Of an evil fast doiti the sewers of. the sea. (Cheers,) 1 life opponents said' th'ey had- sot alltk wealth as well as the intelligence in their side. Well thej\tried tW tat with their intelligence, and ttty hadAA made much way. He did riot'see tHil their money bags would. cam then much further. (HeaS 1 , hear.)' WheMTtt issue was joined, the cbtiiitrTf'pronouaced more and more in favoflr of thje '£ibeiil party. The Tories said°tKey to put down the National Lra , 'might just as well say"they'fteifc goij to put down the Equator. 1 ; (HeaTj'heu,) .The League was, as he;understood it, J political associationfwith two. peffectlf legitimate objects—one io. promote f demand of the Irish nation for st government and Home Rule, land 1 other to protect the .'tenantfarmet! against the exaction of exorbifcap^re!i|!, and both were pursued t>y coipbipatioii! which, if they took placp in JSnglaijj), would be perfectly legitimate.: (Cheeif j The Government, declared thej.werek the side of law and order, but',their methods recalled the spirit uic( methods of the worst times of the fttufrts. , Jheir conduct was setting the sympathies of all right-minded- men against, them. (Cheers,) Tl^ere',. ,was jpres^nt - to-night one of Mr..Balfour's prisoners, .the late Lord THB Mayor SEAL of GUEST,OF D.ublm, THS BVENIMO. (Cheers.) Did' the Go vernment think it possible to break the spirit of ; suchmen by these proceedings, or to msintain the union of two countries by ! plink bedi and skilly ? ' (Laughter.) If the Irish people and their members fOttght *ifh undaunted spirit when : thiey^tliougtt themselves hopeless'and friendlete'iii t ḻ midst of a hostile people;' r wtfjre. th going to flinch now aAd' sftrfeiiS^when they found the great aid'» Jrowiig majority of JSnglttod and "Scotland it their back'P !;1(0heersl) No, 'it'Was the Government Who were"<beitiHg the National League;, butthe XieSguethtt was beatiigisth'ev GoVfertihient. {Hfear. hear.| • 'The . n GjOVenrtnent' : had -Med, H they were bonndi to'fail,' and;iW ;th deserved to fkili ; » They would gt» on, m doubt, from violence • to Violence j'theu tbmper would very likely get hotter/Mi their actions warmer, -like W'mah fever, whoSe 'temperature rbse : as ® end approached. ! (Lafaghter.) Bttt ewh fresh yiolence on the pftrt of the Government "would only create greater and ^rider indignation and disgust u> hearts, of' the English people, M election after election would declareto® repugnance with which it was regards by the natioh. .-.-They defied the Govwjment's Parliamentary majority' • llie Government had > never had a< for coercion.." The policy of, W& 10 * 011 regard ^ ^ ^ ^^l^'^^^j^^ell and.the'condemnation which' tion Was pronouncing on tle (SftvMjWffl 1 policy would eniburage I t o M S f of trial They might yet I'ivfe trol,' a detenhihatibnt'o at "tigfe 'which'would aliehate'^'tlifmind, they must -win' witfi The 'force! which they hadjat theirJjaok;; The Eighty Cls 'have lived to .'lpt, to those who gave as Troll'.as tiw —a jpohcy T>olCV worthy of -> it'. tip. >l hmiS sWhich hdong^. , of Faith, - Hope, and: Charity. , (Loud ^oTthe. motion of Mr. H^rb^rt GrJad- „tonej seconded byMr.George La^'nce, £ vote pf . thanks was. passed , to .Sir TJiniliam Harcorirt. , ' ' jlr. T. IX Sullivan, rising in response to loud call? from all parts of t^ie. jhiall, received an .enthusiastic'greeting, ,the audience spnnging/ to / ,their ..Jpeg ; jind cheering for somp,minutes. Mp. Syllivan ik'L^^la^ iaid MiinmnT te^^plf,*9 Trtr- t}ifl Artmp^gQjj S bseryed i,u»v, .. r — •—-—, ,,,-j,,™,, -ijis,' the hope apA the belief warmiM jhis/^e'art thatTiis countrjmpn at tome, and abroad would consider. .these., demonstrations of kindness es i^nilai'Tor,. and paid ip; ' thpmselvOs.' 'Wljile;, deeply grateful to| iHat company for thfeir'kind demonstraJ ' txon in his regard, he could not shut out from his mind that'a large share of his thanks were due in a very .different quarter. He fejt, bound to- say that he considered he fiad a right to be grateful ' to the 'right 1 hon. gentleman the Chief Secretary for Ireland aldb.' (^pghtef.) Tha^ehtJe&anj; lii /hip' recent' speech in theHoiise of jCpmmonsi had afated/that , Ke>etnnied l!r, O'Brien to his pountnr-: ' men21bs. heavier than he \5nas when "he went into prison. The Chief Secretary seemeiincapableof regarding the subject from aSybigherjsoint of view than, that of avoirdupois Weight. (Laughter.) He had greatly iricfleftBed the wfeight of Mr. O'Brien in a higher .and a better sense than he seemed to hare in contemplation or than could be measured by the sort of scales and weights that he had'in his mind.(Laughter.) For his pwn part, ; he ; (Mi. ;Sullivan) was at the : bpst of times fOnly one of the light weights of the ilrish party, but eves in Jris case heccm- Bidered that the right hon.. gentleman had added considerably to his weight also. (Cheers:) 'fie bore testitoouy.io • the ^eridline/s)f jpf his teceptfon frOm ' iiorth to sbulh'through the wfjole islaiid of -Briiaiii, and. he testified ,iaT the fact that eimjlar ^ feelings"'0$', Ir^ohdliness ..-.and,' Jrindlipew • were pervading the. (hearts: of his: own countrymen at home. (Cheers.) It. might turnontall •the better by and by thatMr. Gladstone's Home Rule'Billdidnbt pass the House ' of Commons on ' its j first 1 presentation; He thought this period of education for the two .'peoples—indeed more /jthan ' psriocl of education, a periipd fwheii,'.' regard , p.nd affection , t . jritpe (Spreading, Between tfyem—wpuld JhptfO this great use by and ,by. v rwh#i| ranother* Home Rule Bill - would* be 'proposed, that wfcs .that it would tendto ' makethe ; new treaty- more solid and more enduring than it Jmight have been tinder other circumstances. (Cheers.) He concluded by hoping that the Eighty Club, which had been already'described that evening as. a fighting force, might ere'long have /the. glory., hot only .of . fighting, bflt , of winning the battle--4 (cheers)—and the" victory sp achieved would be ohe which wotild be not only an honour and a service to Ireland and England, Wit to humanity : at' large; (Loud'cheers.) | ' 