SPORTING HOBART TROTTING AND RACING CLUB. The inaugural meeting of the newly formed Trotting and Racing Club took place at the Victoria Sports Ground, New Town, yesterday. The club only came into being about three Weeks ago, but no time was lost in bringing out a programme, and the result of the first meeting has been so successful that it may fairly be expected that many a good afternoon's sport will be provided by the committee. Yesterday the racing was enjoyable, and a deal of interest appeared to be centred in the various events, all of which were got off in fairly good time and with little trouble, although the facilities for conducting a race meeting were very primitive If the racing continues to receive public patronage, no doubt the committee will deal! liberally with its supporters,' and take care to have every thing as were not as port ble, but until they see how the ghost walks it cannot be expected that any large expenditure will be incurred to secure the necessary appointments Se/eralapcrt« were heard to remark yesterday that what Mr. Cox had! done at Kensington Park in Victoria might be done at New Town, and there it really no reason why something of a similar nature cannot be done, even though the different i circumstances may render the scale of opera ' tions much smaller. It had been anticipated that the sharp corners of the course would prove very awkward for horses going at full speed, but the committee very wisely improved them, and thus removed the liability to accident. The racing, although interesting, was not exciting, as the whole of the raoealwereWon easily The back and hack hurdle races were both carried off by a neat little horse named Beach, a hope that has figured at minor country meetings on previous occasions Beach was bred by Mr. R S. Steele, of Studley Park, Forcett, and it by Wild Dayrell from a half bred mare named Beauty The starting was in the hands of Mr W Webster , Mr. A N. Lord and Dr. Weaver divided the duties of judging, and the secretary (Mr. T. Arnott), with hit committee, attended to everything else. The following were the events decided MAIDEn TROT, Of Sovs ; second horse 2sovs. out of stake. Weight, Hat., Mile heats, best two out of three. Mr. C. Cooley's blk g Sir Robert... 1 1 Mr. R. Porthouse r g Rooney J. S 2 Mr. Wm. Harrison's g g Rocket 2 3 Mr. Wm. Manton's b m Clara 0 0 In both heats Rocket went to the front immediately after starting, and was never caught. Reaney and Rocket broke several times in each heat, and Clara was never dangerous. The winner was very well ridden by C. Cooley, jun. Reaney and Rocket ran off for second place, the former winning. '.' HACK RACE, A handicap of Gaols.; second horse, race. One mile and a quarter. Mr. F. Britain's g g Beach, 10st 7lb. J H,. (Gordon) 1 Mr. Wm. Ikin b g Wool King, list . '. (T. Gordon) 2 Mr. T. Ainslie's' blk g Black Boy, 9st. .! Woods) 3 Mr. Wm. Harrison's b m Amelia, 8st. 7lb '... ' ... ' ... (Harrison, jnr.) 0 Beach lead from start to finish, and won in a canter by three lengths. Wool King, who had had quite enough before the last round was half completed, was some distance ahead of Black Boy at the finish. Amelia gave up early in the race. TROT HANDICAP, Of lOtOva.; second horse, 2sovs. Weight, list. J Three miles. ' Mr. W. Manson's "oh p m Tickler, 29sec. (Owner) I Mri''W. Harrison's, g g Gaffer Grey y 30sec (Mr. Arnott) 2 Mr. R Porthouse rg Reaney, 15sec. .., . ft. Fearnley) 3 Mr. W. Harrison's g g Rocket, scratch .'..''.(Owner) 0 Rocket broke badly, and, as a consequence, Reaney passed him on the second round. The latter held the lead until the sixth circuit, when Tickler passed him. Next round Gaffer Grey, went into second place, but could never catch Tickler, who, won in a walk by upwards of a furlong. GALLOWAY RACE, A handicap of fines., for horses under 14-2 ; second horse, race. One mile Mr. W. Ikin's b g Commotion, 8st. . . A. (Chant, jun.) 1 Mr. J Hogan's b m Lady Emma, 7st. ... I ... (Harrison, jun.) 2 Mr. C. Pregnell's b g Cyclops, 7st. 7lb.... Golding) 0 Cyclops led away, but ran off at the lower corners and Commotion then went to the front, j Cyclops, however, having been got on to the course again once more took the leading position, but he was soon afterwards deprived of it by Commotion, who led to the finish, and won easily by five lengths, Lady Emma second, Cyclops lost all chance of a place by running off the second time round, and at that time ran into the fence. HACK HURDLE RACE, A handicap of 5sec.; second horse, lady, H miles. Mr. F. Briant g g Beach, 9st. 7lb. ' '. < ... near , "a , its. Gordon) 1 Mr. W. Ikin's b ra Romping Girl, 12st. ' .. ' ... if ..'. (T Gordon) 2 Mr. G. Everett's blk g Darkie, 10st 7lb. i have . (Mr. W. Rumney) 0 Beach led from start to finish, and won by eight lengths, hard held. Dfrkie, nearly a quarter of mUotbehind'RompiugGirlJ third. > i , J ; i ' a a , and in" a 