THE WHITE GIRL OF THE MOUNTAIN. I By Edwaed S. Eilis, author of 'The Boy Hunters of Kentucky.5'] In the year 1877 Mr. E ? , now a citizen of Denver, Colorado, was engaged in the stock business on the Salmon River, Idaho Territory. You may recall that at that time the famous Nez Perce chief Joseph was making a desperate but hopeless fight against the American Government. On the first raid that Joseph's warriors made into the- country along the Salmon River they took Mrs. H ? and her three-year-old daughter prisoners. The mother was afterwards released, bat her sufferings had been bo great that she never recovered. It was understood that the little one had died in captivity. The blow to the husband was a fearFul one. He left the country which had been the scene of his dreadful affliction, acd, as I have stated, finally settled in Denver. Late in the summer of 18S5 a hunter was wandering among the Salmon River mountains. He was far from the habita tions of his race, and did not expect to meet any but red men, who had hunted and trapped in that region from time immemorial. The weather was pleasant, and he was sauntering along in a leisurely way, when he came upon a scene so strange that he stopped with an exclama tion of amazement. 'He had approached a small lake of clear cool water, and saw before him a white girl, apparently ten or twelve years of age. She stood waist deep, and was noticeable for her wealth of fleecy hair, which huDg about her shoulders and the upper part of her body. ' Well, I declare,' gasped the hunter. 'If that don't beat anything I ever saw or heard of - Can it be a ghost; V He had stood but a minube or two, un certain whether he ought to approach or withdraw, when the girl caught sight of him. With a couple of bounds she was out of the water, and vanished with such suddenness that the intruder was still in doubt whether he had been looking upon a live person or a spirit. But he was a man of considerable nerve, and he advanced to the point where he last saw her. There he found that she had gone into a cavern. He peeped in, but all was darkness, and brave as he was he did not dare to go any farther. 'This isn't the kind of business I'm UEed to,' he said to himself ; ' and be iorel start out on an exploring expedition 1 think it best to have company.' The awed visitor set out on his return to camp, where he had agreed to meet the two friends who had accompanied him on the expedition into the wild region. He found ihein stretched out before the cheerful fire, preparing supper, and wonderiug wfcat made him so late in joining them. While they were eating their evening meal he told them of his strange adven ture. They were hunters like himself, and had had considerable experience in frontier life. Ihey knew that fiction could not imiiiih any stranger incidents than could facts, aud they reepected their companion tro -well to suspect that he had been de ceived. 14 It is a strange story indeed,' re marked one. ' But I have no doubt that she is a white girl.' j ' Uf course not. I saw that niy3el£ ; ; but how is it she is living alone in the mountains V ?? ' You don't know that she is living alone,' remarked the other hunter; 'if you had gone into that cavern where slia disappeared I have no doubt you would have seen some of her friends,' \ ' I was afraid to do that alone.' j ' We'Jl vialt the place together fco- j morrow.' j As soon as it was light the three set out for the lake, which was found without ? difficulty. They had hardly caught sight of it when the girl herself was observed, j * Xes ; yonder sne is: exclaimed one in excitement. ' That's the girl, sure enough,' said ha who had Been her the day before. ' But she has found some clothing since I saiv her !' She was standing on the other side of the small sheet of water, at the foot of a cliff. She was clothed in skins of wild animals, and her fluffy hair looked more luxuriant than had been described. She detected the intruders almost at the same moment that they caught sight of her, and giving one long wild stare she whitled about and was gone. After consulting the hunters decided not to trespass upon the young lady's domain, though the night before they ?were inclined to do bo. They, therefore, withdrew to Washington, Idaho territory, where they spread the report of what they had seen among the mountains. - The interest excited was so deep that a party of cowboys and several news paper correspondents determined to visit the locality and find out more about the wild girl, whose history was such a myBtery to every one. The spot where she had been seen was about 40 miles from Washington. It was - no difficult task to make their way to the place. They found a charming valley, with an area of over a hundred acre3, around two sides of which was a sheet of water marked on the surveyor's maps as Moose Lake. Whatever timidity one or two men might have felt about entering the gloomy cave in which the mysterious wild girl had disappeared there was nothing of the kind on the part of the company that now made their way to the spot. You know that cowboys are proverbially a wiid and reckless set of people, and as for the newspaper correspondents, they will ven ture where even a Texan or Idaho cowboy dare not tread. . The entrance to the cavern was on the border of the beautiful lake, but when the party halted and looked in they saw nothing but blank darkness on every hand, or rather in front, for they had not yet left the sunlight behind. They noticed that the flinty floor was worn almost smooth by the frequent passage of feet, doubtless those of the wild girl and her friends. fitnniiiner t.hiiH in ?wTint, mav Tib ftaUefl the doorway of the cell one of the men shouted at tbe top of his voice — 'Hulloa!' The tones reverberated along th9 vaulted passage and into the dismal depths, and then all were startled by a shrill, piping reply, which while it bore little resemblance to human tones, evidently came from be tween the lips of some mortal like them selves. ' That isn't a girl's voice,' remarked one of the correspondents, stating a fact that was apparent to all, though he assumed the air of one who was imparting valuable information.. The company ware about to push farther when the being who had answered their tail presented himself. ? * Daring as was every member of the in truding party, there was an involuntary recoil when they saw him — not with fear, but rather with horror. An old Indian, weak and tottering, with his long grey hair dangling about his shoulders, a heavy staff in hand, and half covered with skins, placed himself in front of the party, aa though he did not intend to let them e&ter.; He really meant to defy them, but there was nothing in his appearance to in epire fear, and he was pushed aside. The man at the head carried a flaming torch above his head, which lighted the way through the windings of the cavern. He hurried faster than was prudent, but they almost trod on his heels. The tunnel wound in many directions, and the cavern was divided into numerous apartments, in. the foimation of which of course the hand of man had borne no part. By-and-by the leader with the torch uttered an exclamation, fnr ha srtnnri aft the door of the wild girl's home. She was seated on the skin of some animal, and, after one terrified stare at the intruders, she covered her face with her hands, and sobbed as if her heart was breaking. Nothing was said to the poor child, nor did any one venture to go nearer to her. Rough and reckless as were the men, they were filled with sympathy for the unfor tunate being whom they were anxious to befriend, but who looked upon them as cruel enemies. They addressed themselves to the old Indian, but he was found to be dumb, and-, when one of the cowboys spoke in the Tstz Perce tongue he replied only with signs. Unable to believe that it was their duty to bring away the girl, the party withdrew from the cavern, and returned to Washington. You may be sure the newspaper men iimutj me iaoBcoi wieir strange experience. Ihe accounts were published and widely copied in other newspapers. Mr. H ? in Denver .read one of these, and the thought at once flashed upon him that possibly this wild girl was his osra daughter, whom he supposed to have been dead for some years. He lost no time in hurrying to Salmon River Valley, where, on the statement of hisjbelief, he found no trouble in organising a party to help him rescue the waif. Two of the young men who had already seen her joined him. Under the guidance of these they made their way to the cavern by the lake. They found the Indian standing guard at the -door. Be did not offer any resistance, for he must have seen that ib was useless. He tottered in front of the party, and led the way straight to where the girl was seated, as before, on the floor. She wa3 clothed in furs, and stared with the sama wild expression at her visitors. ' 'My daughter J' called out the father, rushing, forward with outstretched arms. The old Indian tried to interfere, but he was dashed aside, though the frightened child refused to go to her parent. By means of signs, common among Nez Perces, the old man was made at Ia3t to understand the situation, and ha com municated in the same manner what wa3 told him to the child. He gave hi3 con sent that she should leave, and the father took liis child away. Though she failed to recognise him he was hopeful that in time she would be able to recall her early infancy before the frightful raid which cost her mother her life and almost broke the heart of her father. It was learned that the child was taken by the dumb Indian directly after the death of her mother to his lonely home in the mountains, where she was kept over eight years without hearing a human voice or seeing a living person except the old man. He had t-8en a member of the Nez Perce tribe, bat as he was believed to be a wizard he was sentenced to have his tongue cut out and banished. Occasionally he visited the settlements, where he exchanged fura wilh the whites for powder and lead. Hia only food consisted of game, fish, roots, and beniee, and his only clothing the skins of wild animals. The recovery of the child is one of the strangest incidents ia the annals of the frontier. — Little Folks. ? When will the same of 'Rough on rats' be altertd to suit its moBt frequent applica tion 'i 