to THE EGYPT EXPLORATION FUND. Mf. NAVILLE'S DISCOVERIES AT at BUBASTIS. t, a Tts r5a.) Is The excavation of the Great Temple of I Bubastis (the ruins of which,it will be remem n, bored,werediscovered lastyear byM. Navilel) is was resumed some five or six weeks ago, and li is now in full progress. Former operations cl, conduto:d by the Egypt Exploration Fund have for the most part been carried on in a places remote from the beaten track; but is M. Naville, by marching his little to army of digger. to Tell Basta, has of brought hil work not ,only within an easy I distance of Cairo, hut within a few minutes' re walk of Zagazig, the meeting-place of a net work of railway lines, and the head quarters ;o of the Egyptian cotton trade. Zagarig ly station may be described as the Malines of w the Eastern Delta-the bourne for which di every traveller, whether bhi destination be s Daminletta, Mansurab, 8alahlych, Suez, or ,g Port 8aid, Is inevolably bound. As all trains we stop herp, and as there is generally a dreary of hiatus of a couple of hours between the In arrival of the incoming train and the de. 7, parture of the next, It may readily t, be imagined with what eagerness the ,g tourists of the present season are just now as thronging to the scone of M. Navillo's rt labours. The work of the Egypt Explore es tion Fund has, in short, become a popular II institution ; and Instead of living like Id anohorites in desert solitudes where the e, impress of a patent leather boot upon th, so sands was as startling a novelty as the at famous foot-print on the shore of Robinson to Crusoe's island, the explorers are now 30 cheered by the daily visits of numerous ao travellers of all ranks and national, ,h ties. The scene is curiously pleturesque. os Hero, grooped tonfther on the verge ug of the groat Cemetery of Sacred Cats og are the tents of the officers of the Fund Ie yonder, swarming like bees at the bottom In of the huge orator-like depression which at marks the area of the temple, are seen 300 a to 400 labourers-dggors in the trenches I and pits, basket-oarriurs clearing away the o, oill it is thrown out. overrsere to hoop tee diggers at work, "pathway..men" to keep Sthile paths open and the carriers moving, gangs of brawny "Shayslin,' or native g port rs, hiarnessed together by stoat ropes, and hauling or turning sculp tured blooks which have not seen the light for many centuries ; girl with bowls of water and sponges, to wipe ,. down the ucarved surfaces preparatory to the y process of taking paper s squeezes ;" and b1 small boys to run on errands, help with the Ir measuring tapes, and kep guard over the toi teta and baggage, With so many hands at or work and so many overseers to keep them . going, it is not wonderful that the excava d ons make rapid progress. The two large e pits which were opened last season are now thrown into one, and are being enlarged from east to west, following the axlsof the struc tore. The sides are also bring cleared, and before another month shall have expired the whole temple-of which, app~rontly, not one stone remains upon aunother-will be g visible from and to enl. its entire leugth d to probably ab,,ut 700tt. or 8001t. ; but y measurements, of course, are as yet purely o conjectural \- We may remind our readers that tho pits se unk lost eoas,,n disclosed the site of agrand o hypoetyle hall, strewn with fallen mono oe lithio columns of the twelfth dynasty to workmanship, and a hall without columns, to but lined as It should seem with is elaborate bas- relief soulpturce represent Ing a great religious ceremony, and ct containing ter. of thousands of n iutely ,r executed hieroglyphic lnsoiptiunns. The ct columns of architraves ot hypostyle-hall, r though of an earlier period, are emblazoned a with the ovals of Itrmeoce II. The inecrip. ,tione of the festival hall commemorate t Oaorkon II,of the twenty'second dynasty, k and his Queo, Karoama. Beeldea the two Shlestorical landmarks thus determined, e various blocks bearing the names of a Ueorlesen III. and Pepl Mrira, teestified d to the existence ol the edifice not a only in the days of the first great Theban I Empire, but in the very romto age of e the I'y'amid Kings of the 0th dynadty. At e the same time, a small tentative exoavation f at the western extremity of the site yielded ,f the name and titles of Noctanebo I, of the 30th and last native dyna ty. Such being the outcome of but four wenks' labour ast o the close of the season In 1887, It seemed .t reasonable to hope for important results d when the excavations should be resumed, Thio hope is ibeing more than fulfilled ; and te overy week-it might almost be said every k day-yields some now and valuable link in s the chain of historic evidence. y A third hall, dating from the reign of u Oaorkon I., has now been found betwee the k hypoetylo hall of Bamesse If, and the festival hall of Osorkon II. The roof was t supported by two larue columns with palm a capitals, and the walls were sculptured with h bas-reliefs on a large scale, representing \- Osorkon I. In the not of worehitping Bart e a I other deities of the city. Eastward that is to say, at the end by which the temple was entered-two t arallel trenches Shave rvoea'ed the else of a colonnade; and hero the base 0of a statue of Neotaneb a I. has beeoon found; thus showing that he made additions 'o both oxtremitiosof the rtructure. The western end, now In course of excavation, appears to be of great width; but Its length Is as yet not ascertained. That it contains the sanctuary may be taken for granted, and the sanotuary is probably the work of oeaotnebo. Unlike meat Egyp'ian temples, the great temple of Bast eto*a not appear to have been protected by one of these mesalve orude brick walls which rendered the temples of Karnak and Tunis as impregnable as fortresses. Heron 1 dolus expressy states that it wa*o sur rounded by a "low wall having figures I engraved upon it ;" and this low wall, like the splendid screen running round the great temple of Edfoo, was eviden ly of asone cutpuared in basrefllef Like the rest of the bnildieg, it must have been of red granite, and we may hope that some portions of it I may yet be discovered. The Bubostites, at all event-, seem to have been too proud of 'hilr famous temple to mask its beauties by a cirouit of unsightly ramparts. 1 So much for the progress made in exoava- I ting she dijeota membra of the building ; the ' finds," however, are yet more nota worthy. That Babastis was the site of an im portant Hyksos settlement is what no one t suspected; but it is a fact conclusively 1. establiehbed by the work of the present I 5\. ason. Two black ranlte statues (one un- o forounately hbodless) of the unmistakeable a HIyksos typo, the lower half of a seated statne of an unknown king, also of Hyksos it work. and afl red granite architrave en, ii graved with th- cartoucho of Apepi, the ,.oat famous of the Hyksos rulers, have d been diecovered, all t ear together within the I last three weeks. The first found of the b'aok i granite pair Is bus described in one of she weekly reports despatohrd to the com t-o mit ee of the Egypt Expl.ration Fund by V M. Navillo : " In digging to the southward of the Hall of Onorkon I, we found first the headdress tl of a colossal statue in black granite, the head broken jeet. at the level of be eyes, ti and presently theo lower part of tha face. b The leot aheek and the beard are damaged, ti but the right side Is perfeot, and the two ho itj halves fit each other exactly. The type of to the face is Hfyksos; he sunken cheeks and a she projecting mouth being exactly like d those of the Tanis sphinxes. The headdress d it the 'nems,' with th e aras. The base and of feet of this statue are still lying at the te bottom of a deep pool, whence they will have at to be hauled out when the water has some. re what subsided. A otatue of a Iykos King wearing the insignia of Egyptian Royalty is r. certainly unique." or Too companion statue (headless) was is found on y ,en days ago, also in a pool of to water. ()orkon II. bai engraved his ovals tg on the aide of the throne on which the or statue site, and has erased those of Ilamesoa 1e II which that P'haroab had cut upon the id front, beside the right leg of the statue. in having himself erased the names of the d origional owner, whomsoever be may have ,e been. As these statues were found near the a. architrave of Apepi, it is pr bable enough that they are portraits of that king. The other Hiykeoe statue, broken off at ), the waist, is yet more remarkable. Mr Naville writes, under date 18th March: "Oar most important disoovery'up to the present line was made yesterday morni.:g I had noticed on Friday the corner of a block of polished blac granite which I thought might belong to some good momno3nt, of and I had it unearthed yesterday. It proved a to be the lower half of a life size figure of I) very beautiful workmanship, with two d columns of fioely-cut heiroglyphe engraved 1a down each side of the front of the throne d to right and left of the legs of in the statue. These inscriptions give the It name and titles of an absolutely unknown se King. who, judging from the work, must 10 belong to the Hykacs period, or, at all 'Y cv ots, to one of the obscure dynasties pro coding the Iykeos invasion. I forward a I' copy of the insorlptions. One cartouche ra cotains a sign which Is quite new to me, g and which I therefore cannot decipher. The other reads ' Ian ia' or ' R.ian'-a name b unlike any I have ever seen. IIo Is de ie soribed, most strangely, as the worshipper of or his Ka (i e., his ghost or double). is Sine writing the above, I have been Y over to Boulak, and have shown omy t cot y of the Inscriptions to Ahmed Kemal. e od Deen Effendi, the Mahomedan official y attached to the museum. He was deeply 1e intoseated, and said at once, 'That is the ' Pearaoh of Joseph. All our Arab books call him Relyan, the son of El Welld.' iHe then wrote the name for me in Arabic, r wh ch I enclose herewith. For my own part e I know nothiog of Arab literature or Arab tradition. I should not, however, be die. I' posed to attach much weight to thia curious e coincidence. Still, it is ourlous, and on crtainly interestinrg." W Such ia M. Naville's account of thl. is remarkable statue, which Is now drawing crowds of visitors to Tall Basta. and has just been photographed by Emil Brugach e 13y, leadorof the BIulak Museum, and an accomplished photographer. The photos graph gives a front view of the inscribed n throne with the legs and foot of the statue. h It also shows the left thigh, foreshortened 0 and clad in the striped '" shnti," or folded s kilt The mutilated fingers of the left hand are seen roe ing on the left knee. The s modolllng of the knees and lege is admir p 'able, and the hioroglyphs are brilliantly cdt, I' the king, in addition to his oartouches, e being styled the. "Go d God," and the s SBon of Ra." The name, as pointed out by M. Naville, a may be read with the syllable "Its" as either a prefix or a auix- as, for Instance, a Rameri and Raenuser may with equal pro. tpety be rendered a. Merira and Userenra, d' Whether we take it as " Isn-Ra" or " Ra ian," the name of this new King hsa a e strange, barbaric aspect, and looks like an t attempt at writing a foreign name in n Egyptian characters That it exactly transliterates the "Er-Reiyla " of Arah e tradilion cannot he denied; but it must be remembered that 'Oriental tradition is noturiously untrustworthy, and that the Arab name g ven I to Joseph's P,,aroah is evidently an app-rlative, being preceded, like that of his father, by the article. Arab writers of SEgyptian history are, in fact, much upon a par with the authors of the Arthurlancycle t and the tales of the Paladins of Charler e magoe. Cradled in an atmosphere of super. ettsu,n, they beheld all- things through a Smirage of romance, They regarded the I monuments of ancient Egypt as works of magic, and the Pharoubs who built y them as mighty sorcerers; and if , here and there a thread of genuine h local tradition be interwoven with . the fabulous tisesuo of their narratives, the I whole is so clearly unhistorical that we must despair of ever definitely separating the true from the false. Joseph is the beloved hero of a multitode of Arab legends, I and where the Biblical narrative of his 'ife fails tosupoly any special detail, euoh as a s proper name, that detail is unhesitatingly drawn from purely Arab sources. Tihus t Potiphar's wife becomes Zuleika, and .he anouymous Pharaoh is introduced as an I Amalekite Princo named Er Reiyan, I the son of El Welid. That the stranger hordes which invaded Egypt under the leadership of the Hyheou I may have included -n Amalekite contligent is not inposslblo ; for the Amalokitee of old were a mighty nation, and their territory I bordered upon Egypt. But if we turn to the pages of El Makrizi-a sober wri or, worti'y of all credit when dealing with the topography of Cairo and such othersubjects I as oamo aithin his kho wledge and observa tion-we at once see how little a fairly trustworthy Arab may be trusted when I his only sources of information are I t'o legends transmitted by bis own I countrymen. Having related how the Amm lekites, led by Welid, son of Dumi', . 1 Invaded Egypt, then ruled by " Aymen of SKons," and elow the Egyptiano " with an exceeding great slaughter." he goes on to t say that the followers of Welid chose him to reign over them, and that his rule lasted for 100 years. "And he went forth to att ,in the sources of the Nile, and h, beheld the Mountains of the Moan, and he was absoent for forty years." He then returned I to Egypt, and again sunbdued Pharoahb Aymen. who again opposed him." I ' And Pharaoh Aymen fled, and Welid a reduced the people ot Egvot to slavery, and ruled over the-n for 120 years till he p.'rie'ed. A di b son Er Reilat,. the son of El Welid, theh son of Domi, one of the Amanlekitoe reignul ; .nd he was one of the most powerful of the people of the earth in his time, and the greatest King. I Now the Amalekites were descended from Amilr, Son of Land (Lud). son of Sam (Shem), soun of Nua (N.lah); and Er Reiyan was the Pharaoh of Joseph on whom be peace. . And it i said that the Par-oh of Joseph was n the grandfather of the Pharaoh of Moses, his father's father, and his name wa. a Barkhu; and he was lofty of stature and beau'iful of countenance, And after him b r igned Cis son Darinrush, and he is also I called D rtrim, son of Er Relyan, and be was the fourth Pharamoh, and Ynsuf (Joseph) was his Khalifa." r Brief as this extratob is, it suffices to show the fanciful character, the glaring contra dictions, and the utter valueleesneas of Egyptian history when written with the reed pen of the Arabh obroniolor, . The invasion of the Amalekites- a: based perhaps on some vague memory of l the Hykeos conquest--vanishes into the i region ,,f fable, and the via orious princes whose family, tree begins with Noah, take their plaoe among the shadowy heroes of the Thousand and One Nights That the learned and courteous Abmed Kemal-ed Deen Effendl (who Is, be it observed, theo C only Oriental Egyptologist in the world, and h a good hlereglyphic saholar), should nave h recognised the Muslim name of Relyan 0 in that of the unknown Hyksos kng is a ploturesque incident which at once appeals to our imaginatlon, but the do duotion is one which Eur pe-n scholars are L'ound to receive wit extreme reserve. In D the meanwhile it must be concedeod that the lettrr-for- letter identiy or the two names Is, to say the least of it. very ex'raordinary. We must not, however, forg t that "Ra-ian" no may with equal correctness be read o( " Tan-R,," and " Ian-Ra" is curiouslr like the name of the Hyksoe "Iannaa " or " Janla," who, in a long quota- ti :ion wh'oh profeoe to be given ver. batim from Masetho by Joseohus (answer to Api n, Book I, sertion 14), iia said to D hnve reigned for fifty years and one month, so, and t, have been the aoceassor of Apophis and the predecessor of Aesi, It would be unreasonable to doubt that lannas is as truly an historicol personage as Apepi, and it is as lueast possible that Iannas and Ian.Ra may be one and the same. That Joseph served a Hlyksos king has long been accepted by the majority of Egyptologlsts as a very probable hypothesis, both chronologically and from the internal evidence of the Biblical narrative. Ocherdisotverles, scarcely less interesting, have rewarded the labours of the fortunate explorers. Tne fact that the 13th Egyptian dynasty-the famous dynasty of the Thothmes and Amonhotep Kings-should have left no traces of their power in the great cities of the D)lta, has long been a puzzling problem. W\Vlthin the last three weeks, however, two lifeneizo statues of a ecribo of that period have been found. Thou?h otherwise perfect they are unluckily neadlose. The figures sit croes-legged, each ro ding a half-unrolled papyrus scroll upon his lap, his name and titles being engravenon the ecroll. From these loeorip tiens we learn that his name was Amenhoe top, and that he was styled "the Prince, the great friend who loves his Lord, the Ohief of the Works of his Klng and of the Provinces. and of the Marehlands of the North." He wears a loose garment secured by braces, and on the brooch-like ornament which conneots the braces, as well as upon his right shoulder, is engraven the ear touche of Amenhotep III. Khueonaten, the disc - worshipping Pharoah, who succeeded Amenhotep III., and founded the city of Tell-el-Amarna, is also repre sented by a snilptured fragment contanining the sacred oval of Aton-Ra, the deity of the dise. Those objeots are of great historical moment, inasmuch as they show (1) that the temple of Baat, after being enriched by the Ilyksos Kings, and before being rebuils by Itamelis II., was yet flourishing in the time of the Restoration; and (2) that the disc-worship promulgated by Khuenaten ex ended to the Delta. Till now it has been traced no further northward than Memphis. Among other valuable finds bearing upon the historical continuity of the temple may be mentioned a colossal head and torso in red granite, inscribed with the ovals of Ramesos II. (19:h dynasty), and a black granite statue of this King, of heroic sire, the striped head-dress coloured alternately amber and blue, the hands rooting on the knees, and bearing the following inscription:-" As long as the world shall last, thy monuments will proe per, 0, King IRameses." This fine statue is broken in two, but is other wise uninjured. 'T'here have also been found (1) a head and torso of a standing king in red granite, probably Itameses VI (20th dynasty) ; (2) a small basalt statue of a Salte priest be- ring the cartonohes of Apries, the Biblical Ilophra (20th dynasty)l; (3) a beautiful fragment of a statue of Neotanebo I. (30th dynasty); (4) two Greek inscriptions on black granite dedi cated to Ptoltetr.y V. and Queen Cleopatra I., by one Apollonias, son of Theon, who styles himrelf "one of the King's friends ;" thus carrying on the his ory of the temple to the second ouentury n u. A very important inscription on a block belonging to the festival hall has also turned up, giving the date of the festival, which, strangely enough, proves to have been hold in honour of the Theban god Amen, in the twenty- second year of the reign of Osorkon II., on "the first day of the last month of She," the season of inun dation. M. Navillo writes: " But what is most extraordinary is the v4at number of colosal statues which must have crowded the temple before the festival hall was built, nearly all ouch as were of red granite having been cut up wholesale by Oeorkon for building blocks. WVo constantly discover passages of the festival inscriptions on fragments of statues which have been built Iteo the walls; and it is not at all un usual to find part of a saored boat which is being carried in procession upon priests' shoulders, on one side of a block, and on the other side a head of Ramoses Il.-sometimee defaced, but sometimes in a fair state of preservation. So litt!o did the kings of Egypt respect the images of their predeces sora Such are some of the splendid results of the explorations carried on by M. Naville, assisted, as last year, by Mr. F. Llewellyn Gliffith and Count d'Bulet, during the last few weeoks at Tell Basta ; and the reason is not yet over. Who shall say what new treasures the next month may not bring to light, or what new facts connected with the obscure but deeply Intorestinal yksos period may not be in store for os ? Except only the great temple of Tanie, excavated by Mariesto some twentyeight years ago, no Egyptian ruin upon so colossal a scale has been systematically explored, or has yielded so richt n harvest. 