THE FATAL THREE; A NOVEL, BY M. E. BRADDON. Author of Lady Audley's Secret," •• Vixen, " Xahinael,'' " Like aul Unlike," fic ,&c.; BOOK THE THIRD. BOOK III. —ATROPOS —OR THAT WHICH MUST BE. CHAPTER V. The houee and grounds were in such perfect order that there was very little to ba dons in the way of preparation for the honeymoon visitors. Even the pianos had been periodically toned and the clocks had been regularly wound. Two or three servants would have to be engaged for the period and that was all, and even this Mrs. Dawson proposed to supply without going off the premises. The housemaid had a sister who was an accomplished parlour-mud and carver. The tinder-gardener's eldest'daughter was pining for a preliminary canter in the kitchen, and the gardener's wife was a retired cook and would be delighted to take all the rougher part of the cooking while Mrs. Dawson devoted her art to those pretty tiny kickshaws in which she excelled. There were peaches ripening in the peach -house, and the apricots were going to be a ah or, There was wine in the cellar that would have satisfied an alderman on his honeymoon. Mildred's business at the Hall might have been completed in a day; yet she lingered there for a week, and still fingered on, loving the place with a love which war mingled with pain, yet happier there than she could have been anywhere else in the world, she thought. The chief gardener rowed her about the river—never going very far from home, bat meandering about the summer stream, by summery meadows and reedy eyots, and sometimes diverging into a tributary stream where the shallow water seemed an excuse for wild flowers. He had rowed her np and down those same streams when she was a child with streaming hair and he was the nnder-gardener. He had rowed her abont in that brief summer season when Fay was her companion. She revisited all those spots in which she had wandered with her lover. She would land here or there along the island, and as the remembered each particular object in the landscape her feet seemed to grow light again with the lightness of joyous youth as they touched the familiar shore. It was almost as if her youth came back to her. Thns it waB that she lingered from day to day, loth to leave the belovsd place. She wrote frankly to her aunt, saying how much good the change of air and scene had done I her, and promising to return to Brighton in a few days. She felt that it was her duty to resnme her place beside that fading existence, and yet it was an infinite relief to her to escape from that dull grey house and the dull grey life. She acknowledged to herself Chattier aunt's life ma a good life, fall of aa- •elfish work and large charity, and yet there was something which repelled her even while she admired. It was too much like a life lived np to a certain model, adjusted line by line to a carefully- studied plan. There was a lack of spontaneity, a sense of perpetual effort. The benevolence which had made Enderby village like one family in the sweet time that was gone had been of a very different character. There had been the warmth of love and sympathy in every kindness of George Greswold's, and there had been infinite pity for wrongdoers. Miss Fausset's almsgiving was after the fashion of the Pharisee of old; and it was upon the amount given that she held herself justified before God, notnpon the manner of giving. In those guiet days spent alone in her old home Mildred had chosen to occupy her father's study rather than the large, bright drawing-room. The smaller room was more completely associated with her father. It was here—seated in this chair before the writing-table, where she was sitting now— that he hod first talked to her of George Ureawold and had discussed her future life with her, questioning his motherless girl with more than a father's tenderness abont the promptings of her own heart. She loved the room and all that it contained for the sake of the cherished hands that had touched these things and the gentle life that had been lived here. There had been but one end in his life, she thought—his treatment of Fay. He ought not to have sent her away," she though!. "He saw us happy tog!th£his two daughters—Mid he o^t not to have divided „„ UB and sent her v.„. away to a „ innninon loveless life among strangers. If he had only been frank and straightforward with my mother she might have forgiven alL" Might perhaps? Mildred was not sure upon that point, but she felt very sure that it was her father's duty to have Wed all consequences rather than to have sent his unacknowledged child into exile. That fact of not acknowledging her seemed in itself such a tremendous cruelty that it intensified every lesser wrong. Mrs. Dawion understood her mistress'^ WJOrtlSTftUwi' frtMlB'jlfffM<Wa meals were served here at a Sutherland table in the bay window, from which she could see the boats go by, Mrs. Dawson having a profound belief li the efficacy of the brats as a cure for low spirits. " People sometimes tell me it must be dull at the Hook," she said; " but, lor, they don't know how many boats go by in summertime-it's almost as gay as Bond-street. Mildred lived Krori with «m old n» memories m«i« in the flower - scented room, where the Spanish blinds made a cool and shadowy atmosphere while the rosea outside were steeped in sunshine. Those few days were just the most perfect summer days of the year. She felt sorry that they had not been reserved for Pamela's honeymoon. Such sunshine was almost wasted pn her, whose heart was so full of sadness. 1 It Was her last afternoon at the Hook, or the afternoon which she meant to be her last, having made np her mind to go back td • Brighton and duty on the following day; and she bad a t»k before her—a task which ' she had delayed from day to day just as she . had delayed her return to her aunt, She had to put away those special and particular objects which had belonged to her father and mother and had been a part of their lives. These were too sacred to be left about now that strangers were to occupy the rooms of the dead. Hitherto no stranger had entered those rooms Bince John Fausset's death—nothing had been removed or altered. No documents relating to property or business of any kind had been kept at the Hook. Mr. FauBset's affairs had all been pat in perfect order after his wife's death, and there had been no ransacking for missing titledeeds or papers of any kind. It had been understood tbat all papers and letters of importance were either with Mr. Fausset's solicitors or at the house in Parchment-street, and thus the household Rids bad been undisturbed in the summer retreat by the river. "Mildred bad spent the morning ia her mother's «. rooms patting away all those dainty trifles and prettineases which had gathered round the frivolous, luxurious life, as shells and bright-coloured weeds gather "htnong . the . low rocks . on ... the edge of . .the . . sea. She had placed everything carefully in a large closet is ber mother's dressing-room covered with much tissue paper secure from dust and moth, and now she began the same kind of work in her father's room—the work of removing all those objects which had been especially nis. The old-fashioned silver inkstand, the well-worn scarlet morocco blotting-book with his crest on the cover and many ink-spots on the leather lining inside, hia penholders and penknives, and a little velvet penwhiper which she had made for him when she was ten years old, and which he had kept on his table ever afterwards. She look round the room thoughtfully for a place of security for these treasures. She had spent a good deal of time in rearrangine her father's books, which careful and conscientious dusting had redaced to a chaotic condition. Now every volume was in its place, jast as he had kept them in the old days when it had been her delight to examine the shelves and to carry away a book of her father's choosing. The bookcases were by Chippendale, with fretwork cornices and mahogany panelling. The lower part wae devoted to cupboards, which her father had always kept under lock and key, but which she supposed to contain only old magazines, pamphlets, and newspapers, part of that vast mass of literature which is kept with a view to being looked at tome day, and which finally drifts unread to the bourne of all waste paper and is ground to pulp again and rolU over the endless web again and comes back upon the world printed with more intellectual food for the millions of skippers and skimmers. Yes, one of those mahogany pannelled cupboards would serve Mildred's purpose admirably. She selected a key from one of the bunches in her keybox and opened the cupboard nearest the door. It was packed tight with army lists, new monthly magazines, and Edvnijurgh Reviews, packed so well that there was scarcely an interstice that would hold a pin. She opened the next cupboard — sporting magazines, Blackwood, Ainsworth, and a pile of pamphlets ; no room there. She opened the third, and found it much more loosely packed with odd newspapers and old Prayer-books and Bibles—shabby, old-fashioned books which had served for the religions exercises of several generations of Faussets and had been piously preserved by the owner of the Hook. There was room here, perhaps, for the things in the writingtable if all these books and papers were rearranged. M'Mred began her work patiently; she 1UB in so hurry to have done with her taefe—it brought her'nearer to her beloved dead. She worked slowly, dreamilv almost, her thoughts dwelling on the days that were gone. She took out the Prayer-nooks and Bibles one by one, looking at a flyleaf now and then. "John Fausset, from his loving mother, on the day of hiB confirmation, June 17, 1835;" " Lucy Jane Fausset, with her sister Maria's love, April 3, 1SQ4 ;" " Mark Fa^SBet, ia memory of little Charlie, December 1, 1807." . Such inscriptions as these touched her, with their reminiscences of vanished affection, of hearts long mingled with the dust. She put the books on one side in a little pile on the carpet as she knelt before the open cupboard, and then she begin to move the loose litter of newspapers. The Morning Ha-aid, the Chronicle, the Sun—cvea these ' were of the dead. ; The cupboard held much more than she had expected. Behind the newspapers there i were two rows of pigeon-holes—twenty-six in all—filled choke full, some of them, with letters folded longwise in a thoroughly business-like manner. Oid letters—bid histories of the family heart and mind—how much they told tc ?tir the chords of joy and pain ! Mildred's hand trembled as she stretched it out to take one of those letters idiy, full of morbid curiosity about those relics of a past life. She never knew whether it had been deliberation or hazard which guided her hand to the sixth pigeon-hole ; bat she thought afterwards that her eye must have been caught by a bit of red ribbon—a spot of bright colour— *nd that her hand followed her eye mechanically. However this may have been, the first thing that she took from the mass of divers correspondence in the twenty-six pigeon-holes was a packet of about twenty letters tied with a red ribbon Each letter was carefully endorsed ' M, F.' and a date. Some were on foreign paper, others on thick gilt-edged note. A glance at the uppermost letter showed her a familiar handwriting—her aunt's, but very different from Miss Fausset's present precise penmanship. The writiDg here was more hurried and irregular, bolder, larger, and more indicative of impulse and emotion. No thought of possible wrong to her aunt entered Mildred's mind as she untied the ribbon, seated herself in a low chair in front of the bookcase with the letters loose in her lap. What secrets could there be in a girl's letters to her elder brother which the brother's daughter might not read nearly forty yearB after they were written ? What could there be in that yellow paper, in that faded ink, except the pale dim ghosts of vanished fancies and thoughts which the thinker had long outlived? " I wonder whether my aunt would like to read these old letters," mused Mildred—" it would be like calling up her o wn ghost. She must have almost — ' forgotten -what she was like wben she wrote them." The first letter was from Milan, full of enthusiasm about the Cathedral and the Conservatoire^ full of schemes for work. She was practising six hoars .a day and taking mne lessons & week—four for piano, two for singing, threefor harmony. She was in high spirits and delighted with her life, ."I should practise eight hoars a day if Mm Hoimby would let m?," she wrote," bat she won't j ehesays it would be too much for my health. I believe it 1b only because my piano annoys her. I eet np at 5 on these summer mornings, and practise from C to half-pasl 8; then coffee and rolls and off to the Conservatoire; then a drive with Mrs. Hoimby, who is too lazy to walk much, and then lunch. After lunch vespers at the Cathedral, and then two hours at the piano before dinner* An hour and a half between dinner and tea, which we take at 9. Sometimes one of Mrs. Holmby's -frisnds drops in to tea. You needn't be afiaid ; f h ® me . n are 5,11 elderly and not pwticn- ""y clean. They take snuff, and their complexions are like mahogany; but there 'is B m one nla h " old man, with briBtly grey kair standing out all over his head like a brush, who plays the 'cello divinely, and who reminds me of Beethoven. 1 am learning the Sonate Pathique, and I play Bach's preludes and fugues two hours a'day. We went to La Scala the night before last; but I was disappointed to find they were playing a trumpery modern opera by a Milanese composer who is all the rage here." Two or three letters followed, all in the same strain, and then came a sign of discontent. I have no doubt Mrs. Holmbv is a highly- J <SB ?! ct £ bl ! P® reon ' an< ? 1 B ° re V° u acted jects » t ^ r ^ Z l ^ F «rh e, » Sh - J.ects to the Cathedra!. \- . ' We' ere fully jastified in making ourselves familiar wita its 8 architectural beauties,' she said is her pedantic way; ' but to attend the services of that benighted ~ Church t n,„, i is to T u worship ^u I in f fe C f n . t h ^ i ^ m T . tba * £ g magnificent church, r °I and e / "E. that the ""iff music I heard there was the only pleasure which reconciled me to the utter dnlness of my life at Milan—I wae going to say my life with her, but thought fettirt trwr-poiJt^Tl i« in her po irer till ycu come to frt-u I Don't think that I am tired of the Conservatoire after „ .. teasing . T ~ v you so . to .-> let me come , - fe ° ^ ™® ,cb 1 of^IL, " a ® od1 ? Holl ?£' y and ' 1 daresay after all e oth ®? n n1" ^ e . r .^Perone Conservatoire I adore £ 1 ll e \ | a™ making rapid strides !3 Viw- r n 5 1 the ? Pathet.que, J am to take the Eroica next. What a privilege it is to know Beethoven! He seems to me now like a familiar friend. I have been reading a memoir of him. What a sad life ! —what a glorious legacy he leaves the world which treated him so badly J "I play Diabelli's Exercises for an hour and a half every morning before I look at any other music." ; i i 