A Foxhunt by #[oonliglit. A Christmas Eve Story. ' Very well, then, here goes.' The response was ready, nnd in his deep, full voice the jovial old host burst out with : ' The sheriffs bailiff and pro coas-Horvcrfl are tho natural enemies of mankind.' lie took a deep pull out of his fifteenth tumbler as he ut tered the aphorism, and his great face glowed with ft broad, expansive smile like a rippling sen in the sunlight. ' The sheriff's bailiff and procoss „„„ (V,„ nnfn.nl monkind. Don't think, my boys, that the tenants were the first to find that out. Troth, the landlords learned tho lesson many a long year ago. It's they that were hunted by tbe bailiff in tho ould times, and troth they hunted them, too, sometimes, when they got the chance, and I could tell you a story of that same if would oaro to hear it.' A great Ton r ran' around the room. WileB beamed genially down on the double row of faces that were turned eagerly towards him, and with a second deep pull at the tumbler, which brought the punch down to low-water mark, he began : — ' It's forty years ago, or fifty, may be, I'm not good at figures at this hour of the evening, that I was dining with Dan O'Connell in Merrion-square. There was a good dinner and the best of good compan3', barring one. lie was a- smooth-faced, plausible, under bred fellow, with a countenance like a full moon, and my opinion is that if you cut him he would bleed melted butter, Goskin was the fellow's name. He was a wine merchant, if you pleane, By Special Appointment to Hor Majesty, though I'll be bound she didn't trouble' his cellars over much. As ill luck would have it, I was planted by this fellow at the : table ; and, you may be sure, he had his smoothest palaver on top for Big Miles M'Donogh, of Docastlo, M.F., tor juayo. x commi t put mm out; no matter what I said. ' A pleasant part,' be said to me, smiling sweetly ; ' but don't you think the company is just a leetle mixed ?' ' D ? n it, man,' I replied, shortly, ' you don't want to have them all licensed vintners like yourself.' ' Another man would have called me out for tho joke. I declare to good liens, he only grinned broader than before, and talked on so good hiimouredly that I hadn't the heart to be rude to him. ' By-and-bye we got talking about tho wines. Ho was great upon the wines, and priced every drop I drank to the farthing.' ' I can give you a claret, sir,' he said in a confidential whisper, ' for ninety six ft dozen that will beat that wine into fits.' As the wine got into his head it came out on his tongue, and at last my gentleman, who was setting i. up for a swell in the beginning of the evening, handed me his business card and began to bother me for an order. ' Bodad, all my life, I was generous enough about orders. So down I went next morning to his office, as he called it, freely ordered £350 worth of his best. They had to empty one of the canal boats of the turf that was on board and load it with bottles for Docastle. ' Egad, if I were her Majesty her self old Goskin couldn't bo moro civil. It never struck the old gentleman that he would have made as much profit by pouring the wino into the canal. ' However, he must havo got wind of the word somewhere that money was not over plentiful at Docastle, for lie called a few days afterwards at the ' Bilton ' where I was staying, just as Titn was squeezing the bag pipes into tho portmanteau for the home journey. ? ' Mr. M'Donogh, ' he said, with a bow that would turn a dancing master inside out with envy, ' I trust you will pardon this intrusion, but I have an immediate necessity for pecuniary accommodation, and I would be exceedingly grateful if you would favour me with a moderate instalment on foot of our trifling account.' ' Mr. Goskin,' says I, as polite as you please, ' I am juBt off to tho country, and the devil receive tho penny it is convenient for mo to pay at present. But if you will do mo tho honour of accompanying me on a visit to Doeaetle, I have no doubt we will be ° able to settle our little business comfortably after dinner.' ' He jumped at it. There was the double chance of meeting country folk and of getting his bill paid. So iu an hour's time he was off with me due west from Dublin. 'We had a rare old time of it in Docastle for the next week or two. We dragged the poor devil through twenty miles of bog of a day, and the gamekeeper had Bpecial orders to load his gun only with powder for fear of accidents. Crows were his favourite game. He would lie on his stomaoh and aim at one for a quarter of an hour before firing off his blank cartridge at a crow. Then he would be persuaded that ho had hit him hard, and go a mile or two out of his way to pick up the wounded bird. Tho crows got so accustomed to tho thing that they used to play tricks on him, pretending to be shot for the fun . of the thing. Another day we took him out with the hounds. Con, the whipper-in, got the girth over his legs, and strapped him to the saddle, and the old hunter was as steady on his logs as a kitchen table, so there was no real dangor ; but it was comical to see the old fellow wobbling in liia saddle at tho tail of tho hounds, and sea-sick ; real down right sea-sickness and no mistake, from the jolting. But. dinner was : the best fun of all. I ordered that there should be no punch until Goskin got to bed, which he gener ally did in the beginning of the even ing, about twelve o'clock, quite time enough to begin the night after wards. Meantime I put the fellows off with Goskin's stock of Burgundy, Madeira, Moselle, and' Champagne. It was as good as a play to watch tho old fellow's face as he saw the boys after a hunt drinkiug his rare wines by the tumblerful and making faces after each draught as if they took medicine. At last he could stand it no longer. He popped into me one evening as I was in my study tying a fly. ' Are you deeply engaged, Mr. M'Donogh,' he said, ' or can you per mit me the pleasure of a few mo ments' conversation ?' ' Certainly, old boy,' says I, ' fire away.' ' The truth is,' said he, ' I have been a good deal perturbed by a letter I got by this morning's post.' ' Divel a letter he got good or bad, but it wouldn't be polite to contradict him, so I just nodded my head and he stoggered on again like a jarvey's staggeen when the whip comes down on his ribs. ' I have just got,' he went on, ' an extensive order for a large quantity of the some special brands of wine which I have had the great pleasure and honour of supplying to you. Un fortunately I have not a sufficient supply in stock. I venture to take a great liberty with you. I never would veuture to take it, 'but it seems to me that the gentlemen whom I meet at your table, elegant and ac complished as they are, have not a specially refined taste in high-class wines. It would almost seem to me they would as soon drink whisky punch. ' ' As soon hove whisky- punch P ' I called out, interrupting him. ' They would a d— deal sooner have it if thev could sret it.' ' That relieves me from a great em barrassment,' he said, brightening up, ' I was about to aBk you if you could return me some of the wine I sent. I would not inconvenience you or your guests for the world, but as you say they would as soon have whisky punch ' ? ' I did not say that. I said they would a d ? deal sooner have it if they could get it.' ' Then why in God's name,' he said, surprised into plain speaking for once. ' Why don't you give them whisky- punch, instead of the dearest wines.' ' My dear boy,' I replied, leaning towards him and speaking very slowly., ' j ohere do you think I would get the ready money for the lemons !' ' His face was a picture as I said it. Not a line changed — the smile was still on it ; but it was only the ghost of a dead smile. 4 Oh, I thank you, Mr. MoDonoh,' he said, in an absent kind of a way, for all the world as you would thank a waiter for holding your coat when you are thinking of something else. After that he got up and walked out of the room, with that kind of extra steadiness which overcomes a man when he has taken just one glass too much. He started for Dublin the same day, and the next thing I heard was a letter from 'torney Sharkey, of Dundoody, claiming the sum of £350, and £9 13s. 4d., for costs, as per account, furnished by their esteemed client, Mr. GoBkin. The. latitat followed the letter as certain as the shot follows the flash. I knew there was danger abroad when I was out ono morning trying to pick up a snipo at Spring's, and saw long Tom Ilardiman making for me across the fields. I made tracks for cover at once, and got to earth not one mo ment too soon. The hall-door closed on me j ust as he came up the lawn. Then it was his turn to cut, for it was neither pleasant nor wholesome to keep loitering around Docastle when the master didn't want you. ' Long Tom Hardimon was a character in ,his was way. He was half-poacher, half- process-server, now snaring a rabbit, now a debtor, and the devil a man in the country-side was his match at either branch of his profession. He was one of those lank, long-legged scarecrows that seemed to thrive upon hardship. He had been dipped in bog-holes half-a-dozen times by the boys, but he came ou t laughing like a thumping potato from a pot of boiling water. He could run like a redshank and fight like a devil if he was put to it. ' I felt I was on - my keep while Long Tom was prowling about Docastlo. ' There wasn't a voteen in the country-side was prouder of the Sun day when it 'came round. For it was the only day I could venture on a breath of fresh air. ' With all my precautions he came near nabbing me before the fortnight was out. I was dressing myself com fortably one fine morning, and Con Iieffernan, the whipper-in, was diverting my mind with stories of a great fox with a white tip to his tail that was playing Old Harry with tho pheasants in tho home cover, and getting himself in training for a good run on St. Stephen's Day. ' The servant girl knocked at the door to say, ' thore was a man below in tho hall with a small taste of the rale good stuff my li«nour was talk ing about.' ' As I stepped out of my room on the landing, by the luok of the world, I caught sight of a red, rough fox skin cap rising over the bannister in the hall. I twigged the dodge in a minute. No one ever saw Long Tom Hardiman without his fox-skin cap. He eat in it, and slept in it, and there ! was a horrible suspicion abroad that ho had himself murdered the fox that was the original proprietor. You may be sure, boys, I stepped back into the room in double-quick time, and in a miuute more I had a plan in my head to get off safe. I knew Con Ileffeanan could imitate my voice ho naturally that, begad, I often thought it was myself that was (?peaking below in the kitchen. 'Con,' I sail, in a. whisper, 'it's that d ? d villain, Long Tom, that is downstairs. You must be the master, my boy, and I'll be the man. Send me out of some message to the stable, and I'll slip away quietly.' ' All right, your honour,' said he, in the same voice. Then he shouted, in a voice that made me start as if my own ghost was talking to me : ' Con, you infernal blackguard, where is my riding-whip f ' ' Beyant in the stable beyant, your honour,' said I as meek as a mouse. ' Be off for it,' he said, ' as quick as your lazy legs can carry you. Don't you know there iB no one can tie the whip-cord on but myself. If you are five minutes away I'll lay it on your shoulders when you come back.' ' I steped out heavily on the land ing, and as I did, didn't I hear my boyo slip quietly into the back par lour and close the door after him, lest Con should catch him on guard. I got down, you may be sure, in double-quick time. As I passed the back-parlor door Con let another roar out of him overhead to make haste. I was out through the buck door and in the stable in two-twos. I got the saddle on old Bully, the beBt horse ever man threw leg over, and I was away across to the house of Pat O'Connor, beyond Dundoody, where I knew a hearty welcome awaited me, and the hounds met within a mile of the place next morning. They kept Long Tom cooling his heels for about four hours in the hall. All the time my double up-stairs kept him in talk until at last he lost all patience, and boulted into the bedroom, and served the writ — upon Con. * ? . ? * ' But my troubles were not over yet. I was riding in fair and easy the next evening — it was Curistmas Eve, by the same token — and was within about half a mile of Dundoody. I heard a few stones thrown off the wall behind me, and, looking back, I on tit T ^in cr Tnm TT n r/1 l'mnti intnn nnf on the road. I would as lieve have seen the devil. My horse was done up with a day's hunting, and had lost a shoe. There was just a slight taste of frost to make the matter worse. A gallop on the hard ground would ruin the best hunter in Ireland. Besides, Long Tom, the country people eaid, could run down a fox across an open country, and it was twelve Irish miles from home. I never was in a worse fix, and the blackguard seemed to know it, for he came on slowly after me with a broad grin on his ugly face. ' I was just past the first house in Dundoody when a bright thought struck me. I turned down a quiet little street and knocked with my hunting-whip at the door of Mr. Sharkey, the attorney. I looked back and saw Long Tom stop short in the middle of the road, and the grin on his face change to a look of blank astonishment. ' Mr. Sharkey opened the door himself — a nice bald-headed, good humoured gentlemen, and not a bit like an attorney. Ho thought I had ridden over specially to pay the debt, and he was extra civil on tho head of it. ' We've a few friends to dinner, Mr. M'Donogh,' he said, ' and maybe you'd join us. Take round Mr. M'Donogh's horse, Pat. Did you want to see me in at the office before dinner Mr. M'Donogh ?' ' It will do after, my boy,' I said, ' it will wait,' and I walked in after him to the parlour, where there was a roaring fire and half a dozen jolly fellows waiting for their dinner. ' We kept the boll rolling with punch-drinking and story-telling dur ing the evening and I did- my share of the drinking and talking myself. We had a game of cards to wind up with, and the court card showed a special liking for myself, and the noteB and the sovereigns followed them in due course, until my pockets were stuffed. ' At twelve o'clock, sharp, I got up, like the little barefooted girl in the story- book, and ordered my horse to the door. As he was being brought round, Mr. Sharkey said, ' You'll ex cuse us, gentlemen, Mr. M'Donogh and myself have a word to say in private. ' Don't bother, my dear boy,' I said. 'I must be off. I have kept a bailiff of yours waiting outside the house for the last eight hours. It's Christmas morning, and I'm safe, and it would be a pity to keep the poor devil shivering in the cold any longer.' As I trotted quietly down the street I heard the great roars of laughter again and again in the parlour,, and I knew the attorney wouldn't hear the end of it for a twelvemonth. ? ? ? We had a table full of pleusunt fellows to dinner that Christmas evening in Docastle, and we drank the old wine merchant's health in his owi wine, and laughed again over the way the attorney was done. But there was one thing that was troub ling us all. We could have no hunt on St Stephen's Day — the first time for twenty years it was missed at : Docastle. The frost had passed 1 away. There was a fine full moon : shining, and the trees about the houso looked black iu the white light. 1 There was every promise of a hunt ing morning. We knew there was a good fox in the home cover, and the hounds were fresh in the kennels, and the horses in the stnble, but the boys would not go out without myself, and I didn't care to give Long Tom o third chance at me so soon. ' We were bemoaning our hard fate, and trying to soften our sorrow with the punch, when a bore-legged gos soon that I kept about the place burst suddenly into the room. ' His little pale face with outstart ing eyes presented the most perfect picture of utter horror I ever saw. ' He's kilt,' he said. ' He's mur dered and kilt entirely, I seen his throat cut with me own eyes. ' Who's kilt, my boy ?' says I, try ing to quiet him, for I thought murder had been done, sure enough. ' The oul' fox in the home cover, your honour,' says he. ' I was on my way home tome dad'sfor the Christmas night and I seen it plain enough. He was just forninst me. I seen it as plain as I see you. The fox was lying there caught in a trap kicking and roaring mellis murdher. Then comes a long, quare-looking man up to him and whips out a big knife and cuts his throat, and with that he peels the skin off of him as I'd peel the skin off a tater, and he folds the skin up like a letther and runs it into the big pocket in the bussum of his coat.' ' What kind of a man was he,' I asked qnickly. ' What kind of a cap had he on him?' ' He had a rough kind 'of a red cap, yer honour, for all the world like the head of red-headed Mike when he has his hair cut.' ' Follow me, gentlemen 1' I shouted excitedly, ' follow me and I'll give you the best run that you've had any St. Stephen's day, night or morning, these twenty years.' ' In twenty minutes we were all out mounted in the broard, gravel space in front of the hall-door, with the hounds whimpering, noses and tails together, a white circle in the moon light. We rode quietly down to the cover, our black shadows following us over the white ground as we rode. We got the pack into the cover and in a moment the air was filled with yell and shout, and the crash of horses plunging through the under wood. Suddenly old Bedolia,. the mis tress of the pack, gave tongue, and in an instant the whole pack joined in a deep-mouthed chorus, aud rushed in a compact body for the south-east corner of the cover. I was sitting still on my horse hardly fifty yards off, when all at once I saw a long black figure rise out of the bushes and leap on the coped and dashed wall that fenced the cover. For one minute he was drawn out on the broad white face of the moon, like one of those little figures they cut on black paper, then he plunged down into the night. A moment afterwards the dogs swarmed down over the wall, like water down a cataract. . I . gave the ' tally-ho ' with all the strength of my lungs. It must have been heard five miles off on that silent night. Then I gathered my whip and reins together, forced my knees firmly into the dints in the saddle, gave Bully the hint to be off, and went for the wall in a hand-gallop at the head of the field. He cleared it beautifully, making the iron in his hind hooves ring against the top stones, and landed me safe out in the field beyond. The tall figure just crossed the wall at the far end as I landed, but the hounds were running well together in the centre of the field, a swiftly-moving shadow in tho moonlight. ' There never was such a run. Five miles as hard as we could leg it, and I with the hounds the whole time. Long Tom's pluck and activity wero superhuman. He flitted over the fields and fences as if he were in reality what he seemed to be, a shadow in the moonlight. But the canine tenacity conquered in the end. ' For the first two miles he actually gained on the hounds ; then he could only hold his ground ; then he began to lose it. We were galloping across a great pasture-field now, and I was practically alone, though the others were galloping in the fields around and behind me. The moon came out from behind the cloudB, and|showed me the tall figure struggling despar ately along in front of the ferocious pack that neared him at every stride. In a minute the* must be upon him, to drag him down and tear him to pieces. A cold tremor ran through me. Was my mad freak to end in murder 'i With the whole strength of my lungs, I shouted out : ' Take off your coat. Take off your coat, quick, for God's sake, and throw it to the dogs.' ' Even at that awful moment the quick-witted fellow heard and under stood me. ' Quick as lightning the coat was pulled from his shoulders and thrown backwards towards the hounds. ' Twenty of the foremost were upon it in a moment. ' Maddened by the smell of the fox skin, they rent it into a thousand fragments. ' The writs and . processes with which the pookets were stuffed were made shreds of by those keen teeth and scattered to the wind. . ' Then when the other riders were straggling up, one after the other, on panting horses, I leaped down amongst the hounds, every dog of whom knew me, and secured the brush. You may see Mr. Goskin's latitat in the middle of seventeen foxes' tails any day you chose to stop into my study at Docastle. As for Long Tom, we found him dead beat in the next field, I gave him a j deep pull out of my flask, and planted him on the horse of the wipper-in; And so, with our fox riding in the midst of us, we all rode home in the gray dawn to breakfast in Docaatle, after our first and last hunt in the moonlight. ' Long Tom entered my service, and a better boy, man never had. Poachers or process-Bervers had small business about the place after that, He drove me acroBS here this evening, and if one of ye will tell him to fetch the bagpipes out of the well of the car I'll give you a tune. But pass tho materials first, for talk ing is dry work. 