THE POLITICAL OUTLOOK. PARIS, 3rd March. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) “ We must have a head and a sword,” said Sieyes in 1799, and then succeeded a series of little coups d’ ctat, which culmi nated in that known as the 18, Crumaire (9th November, 1799), which by making Napoleon First Consul, opened thedoor for him to the Emperorship. Napoleou was an able, popular, and resolute military leader. The great majority of the French ualion ac quiesced in - his elevation, and placed re publican freedom iu his hands; the republic was sick, and following the usual course as illustrated by history, ran blindly into mil tary despotism. Something of a similar commencement of the end has apparently set in here, to judge by the nervous state of Republic opinion caused by the votes given some days ago in favor of General Boulanger at the elections to fill up uine vacancies to seats in the Chamber.of Deputies. Despite the General's public protest against his being put up for ballot, 60,000 voters polled for him all the same. His candidature was decided upon at the twelfth hour, and must have cost 45,000 francs. Who iustigated the plan of campaign? The Royalists, say the friends of the Constitution; the Opportunists, aided by the secret service money, assert the Radicals, iu order to force the General to quit the army and so lay young Napoleon ism. The incident has produced beyond doubt an all-round uneasiness. Homilies are published to show that a saviour of society implied ever Cmsarism or dictator ship which (jotnmeneed by monarehial plot tings, and the exiling of the Republicans as usual to pay the piper. The dictatorship of the Napoleons only led to the dismember ment of France. In ISI4, instead of the left bank of the Rhine re-becoming French, the right bank became German, and iu 1871 the Teutonic frontier was advauced to Metz. As to the rank and file of the liberties, these shared the fate of all things poetical. It is not surprising then that M. Floquet should be in no hurry to become Fume Minister, or that the Republicans should be averse to a dissolution of Parliament when some great unknown might issue from the voting urns, then would be the case to ob serve, “ Oh, what a surprise." The war clouds are coining up thicker and faster, and the common occupation now is to keep a look-out where they will first burst.. Italy will soou be iu as great disfavor with the French as is Germany, fcdie has commenced a tariff war, Bismarck as usual being accused of pulling the strings. It is a shameful sight when childreu of one family fall out, and chide, aud fight. Goodness knows, the present is not a moment for indulging iu politi cal broad grins, butit is impossible not to avoid at least the ghost of a diplomatic titter to see Bismarck being rapidly cornered—he who must have enjoyed many a horse laugh at Vnrzin at the way he put so mauy Powers and Principalities into corners. In threatening, some time ago, the uni verse with the furors. TeiUomaus aud boasting that Germans feared only God, the Prince induced a more microscopical examination of his position, aud people took stock of his chances. It has become every day clearer that the odds are not in his favor in the coming international imbroglio. He isfeverish about the gaining, as well as in the reten tion, of allies. .Nothing is less certain than that Austo-Hungarv will be his till death does them part. Equally uncertain, too, is the whole hog or none fidelity of Italy. Aud why these misgivings on the part of his lease-tied allies V Because they doubt Bismarck. He has practised so many diplo matic tricks, for reasons of State, to aug ment the area and power of Germany, that they, too, suspect they might be victimised. The neiv map of Europe is hardly 17 years old; a good shake can unmake it, as a shake has made it. The common aim of the cockpit com batants, is to win over England to their side. Poor old John Bull must be excused if he feels not a little pride at his present enviable position—the arbiter of fate as it were. The years might be counted on the fingers of one hand, less the thumb, too, when he was the bull’seyefortheconcentrated abuse of the con tinental Powers. He was estimated as hardly being worth knocked into a cocked hat; but decidedly he was a quantile n&/l!ijeable. Now he is run after like a fashionable beauty or an heiress with a pair of golden legs. There was a time when English diplomatists, before taking an important decision, first made a pilgrimage to \ r arzin, to consult the big Medicine Man—the parveuuc of quarter of a century ago. Now’ the representative of the Light of Europe has to come to insu lar Canossa aud bid, if not for alliance, at least for benevolent neutrality. John is the honest broker. French wdiacking away at England never did much harm; keeping never minding it was the best way to maintain friendship. Besides, the barking of the morning often became tail-wagging in the evening; and when due allowance was made for the shut ting olf of steam, patriotic nevronile aud wiud-baggism, no wounds beyond sticking plaster treatment remained behind. It was always knowu that the French and English peoples would never fall out; they had too mauy interests in common, aud their liberal ism synchronised too much to be compro mised by family jars. A favorable moment and cool heads could, as has been proven, settle all differences—the bait and end fish questions included. In a short time the Egyptians will have acquired so much stamina and backbone that England will be able to aav to them, “Rise, take up your bed and walk.” Perhaps now that Russia has her frontier pegged off along Afghan istan sho and England could come to an agreement that Central Asia had verge and room enough for both to farm and develop; leave Bulgaria to Austiia to arrange with the Muscovite, aud hint that .Italy ought to he ready to compensate herself out of the debacle, of Austria than incur the risk of cut ting loin chops from France. 