COUNTRY ITEMS. -:0:- TuE "fBega Standard" of the 31st December states :-" We learn that several of our farmers who have been manfully struggling with hard times, low prices, and in some eases high rents have decided to give the district beat and betake themselves over the border into Gippeland. Under a more liberal and reasonable Government they expect to make better headway than even in the prolific South Coast district of New South Wales." Wa understand from Sergeant Mu. grove (says the Bathurst" Free Press") that at 4 o'clock on Sunday morning Mrs. Jagoe of William-street was aroused by a violent noise in the lower portion of her dwelling, and on going to ascertain the cause, bhe found an animal whioh turned out to be one of Mr., Meagher's flue mares, half-way through her sitting room window. The contents of the window were scattered, in .all directions and the mare, who had evi dently gone perfectly mad, was biting and tearing all within reanh.. A cage of canaries was smashed and £20 worth of property is said to be damaged. The horse was afterwards shot as it had become beyond control. wE regret excoedingly to havo to re port (observes the Monlro " Mercury " of Decembeor 31? , very serious accident that bofol Mrs. Thomn s Ilrry of Mvonbar. Froa~ information to )?ajnd we learn that last Friday Mrs. Barry while engaged in her housohold duties suddenly found flanes rushing up her back, and in a moment her clothes wore envoloped in flames. With groat presence of mind she, instead of rushing out of doors, tried to put out the flames by wrapping bags around her, but the heat and pain were so unbearable that soL laid down to die. At this imoment a man named Lcott fortunately ap peared, and was about to throw a bucket of water over the unfortunate lady when sho, with horoie fortitude cried out for him not to thiow water or.. it would.?Jill her;·-.lbut to get wrapsi, whicy?? 'lost not a. moment ins doing, and forwssately su cesded( ien putting "out the fire. -'heynfortunate lady is progressing as well as can be expected. TuiL body of Miss :Cuckeroft, who was drowned in the HTawkelbury River on Now Year's Day, has not yet boon recovered. Constable Murdlck, eof Peat's Ferry, with a gang of. men. sent by Messrs. Anderson and-Barr to assist him, dragged the river all day Monday without success, and they again pro ceeded to the scene of the accident early next morning to make further search. Mesers. Anderson and Barr. generously supplied Constable Murdock with a steamer, boats, men, and grapplhngs to enable him to drag for the body. The police here appare tly are not suppled with grapplin. While the steamer Marra Marra was proceeding to Newport yesterday with a' picnic party, she passed the rudder of a boat floating in the river in the vicinity of where the accident occurred and about half a mile from shore. The people on board requested the captain to stop and pick it up, but the captain would not stop, and proceeded on his journey. The rudder was floating straight up and down, or .nearly so, as if something was fast to it, keeping it in that posi tion. Coleman is taking the matter greatly to heart. Pon many years back it has been felt that there was a great necessity for the establishment of a high-class col. legiate institution somewhere in or near Moss Vale, which, from its elevated position, purity of atmosphere, delight ful climate, picturesque scenery, and its easy access to the metropolis, to. gether with many local advantages, must commend itself to the public. VWe are glad to notice, from circulars for warded to us us from the principal Mr. J. L. Dalton-that he has secured the fine premises at Thorsby Park, formerly the vice-regal residence of the Earl of Bolmore, and lately occupied by Mr. J. R. Fairfax of the " Sydney Morning Herald," as the locale for the establishment of an educational in stitution, somewhat on the prin' oiple of the .great school at Eton and Rugby, to be styled Sc. George's College; and had Mr. Dalton searched the whole of the district through he could not have found a more eligible spot to suit his purpose in every way than that of the house and grounds of ThJrsby Park. Mr. Dalton is from King's College, London, and of Trinity Hall, Cambridge,'and has been conduct ing Queen's School, Sydney, during the past four years-1884 to 1887-during which time he has obtained successful passes for no less than seventy boys at the various civil service and university examinations that have taken place, " Scrutineer." Time " Manning River Times " is re sponsible for the following gruesome ghost story: -I " The apparation which caused a good deal of excitement a few months ago at Bungay has again made its appearance-so we learn from a creditable source, An old and much respected resident at Bungay (Mr. Il. Cameron) was riding home from Wing ham a few evenings ago, when a man dressed in black, wearing a high hat, and riding a black horse, rode up to him and gave a groan, Mr. Cameron was a bit unnerved, and asked: ' Who is getting murdered ?' The horseman is said to have given a heavy moan, and disappeared over i? precipice of about lift, Mr. Cameron's horse was frightened and bolted through the bush. Three nights later Mr. J. Cameron (son of the former) was riding home by the same route, and met with a like ex. perience, when his horse also bolted. The horses cannot now be got to pass the haunted spot. Mr. Cameron .in. speeted the place where the strange being disappeared over the precipice the next day, but no traces of a horse's hoofs were visible. This intelligence has been received with amazement by many on the Upper Manning, as Mr. Cameron is too well known to be suspected of concocting a story like the above, and too sensible to be frightened by a will-o'. the-wisp." Sir Henry Parkes was to leave Sydney on Wednesday for Bega and surrounding districts. He is not expected to return, we believe, before a fortnight, WAltarNo MAtrcra,--There Is no doubt but that the continuous etlort of'pedes trianism wrears upon the tiet?io and tissues of hd. htidy, anld thot if, during the ox houstin? exoercino, a judicious use was matdoe of WVlfe's tchuapps the waste vould he snlplied, the nerves toned, and the system uens erally strengthened, Always obtst' Wuel's ',hnsppo,-Auv, 