pteratacc. A FAIR CRUSADER _-'-- A STORY OF TO-DAY. BY WILLIAM WESTALL, Author of 'The Phantom City,' 'Red By vington,' ' Two Pinches of Snuff,' ' The Old Factory,' &c;, &c.; {Published by special arrangement with the author. Auliglils reserved.) Chapter XXXIV.— After the Honey moon. A few days later George and Evelyn were married with a more than Quaker like simplicity, which was quite as much In harmony with their own wishes as suited to the circumstances in. which they were placed. After the ceremony they went to Soot land end spent there a long honeymoon, for the moBt part at a shooting lodge on : me oansB 01 a niguianu ioca, wjucu. vreurga aired for the season, and where the pure sir, the street companionship of his wife and her tender care folly restored his health. As they were returning south Evelyn, In a sentimental moment, proposed that they shonld spend a day or two at the place where they first met. *' We did not meet for the first time at Whlteehingles,' said George. ' It was at Delhi.' 'That does not count,' answered Evelyn. I did not know yon then, and I am sure yon did not know me.' 'AUrlghb LetUBcaUatWluteshlngles, 'by all means. It hi not far out of out way, and we are hi no hurry.' So they called and put up at Bagotf s, and the season being over and Che house nearly empty they were received with distinguished consideration, the more .especially as, travelling with two servants (All and a maid whomEvelyn had engaged In Scotland) they were looked upon as Tery great people indeed. 'Very glad to see yon again, air, and your lady,' said the old butler. 'I wish yon the compliments of the season, sir — I beg y onr pardon, I mean much happiness. You can have the Kelson again, and the blue bedroom on the first floor, and the dressing-room adjoining — the best in the house. You will find Whiteahlnglea very quiet, no Oldham rough heads, nor blether Ing Crusaders, nor any of that riff-raff. Nature, sir ; nothing but nature. And the sea is very fine ; the wind is rising now, and I shonld not wonder if we had it rough before morning.' The sea was fine. As far as the eye could reach huge white-crested waves -were racing before a stiff nor'-wester, and great breakers dashing like devouring monsters against the hulking that pro tected the beach, while every now and again one, bigger than the rest, would o'erleap the obstacle and fall in a spray over the housetops. As long as daylight lasted George and Evelyn sat at their bay window, watching the fascinating yet fearful sight, and even after nightfall they could see the black mass of angry water seething below them, and seeming as if it had only to come a few yards nearer to overwhelm the house and drag every living thing it contained into its awful depths. 'Enough!' said Evelyn, at length turning away with a shudder. 'Let us have the blinds draw and shut out that terrible sight. It makes me afraid.' ?? Why, my darling ? We are quite safe here, the sea cannot touch us.' ' I know, and we are just as entirely in God's hand now as if the sun were as bright and the sea as palm as on that beautiful Sunday when we first met down there on the beach. No, it Is not that — not physical fear, much less fear for my self. Bather a foreboding of eviL .... If you were away from me just now, dearest, I .should think, some barm had befallen yon.' ' You are nervous, that is what it Is,' said George, putting his arm round her. *' The journey has been too much for you, and the outlook, though grand, is cer tainly not exhilarating. Gome to this chair by the fireside, and I will ring for tea. It will do you good, and you must go early to bed.' Evelyn allowed herself to be comforted and tried to be cheerful, and for a while her fears were stilled, yet she could not entirely shake off the sense of dread which the sight of the sea had provoked, for though no longer seen, its melancholy booming and the wild music of the wind, ae it swept over the waves, were ever in her ears. ' I am very poor company for you to night,' she said after a while. ' I think I will take your advice and go to bed. Do you know, dear, I almost wish we had not come here.' 'I shall wish so too if it depresses yonr spirits hi this way, and unless you recover them to-morrow we will be off.' In the morniog George, according to his usual habit, was up betimes, and went out on the beach to see how the weather looked. The gale had somewhat abated, j et the sea was still tremendously rough and the wind high ; and albeit day had dawned, no sun was visible in the stormy sky. The place seemed to be deserted, the only creatures out besides himself being a solitary gioup of boatmen who had gathered under the lee of a rock. They appeared excited, and were look ing and pointing seaward. George looked in the same direction, and could juBt see, about a mile away hi the offing, a three-masted ship, close hauled on the starboard tack, and, as it seemed to him, laboring heavily and making very little headway. ? ' She is a good deal too close in to be safe,' said one of the boatmen, 'and if she doesn't mind she will miss clearing the Horse Bank.' 'She'll never clear it while she's a ship,' said another. 'She'snotabove two cables' length off it now, and both wind and tide's against her.' Then followed a silence of several minutes, all watching intently. ' There, didn't I tell you ?' shouted the man who had last spoken. ' By God ! she has struck,' cried one of his comrades. George's vision was not as keen as that of the boatmen, but he could make out that the ship, which for the last minute or two had hardly seemed to move at all, had now come to a dead stop, then a big Bea struck her on the port bow and swept her decks from stem to stern. She heeled over on one side and her masts went by the board. All this in a few minutes. ' That's a good job,' exclaimed an old boatman. 'She'll right now them masts is gone, and hold together, maybe, till the lifeboat gets to her. Bun and tell Long staff, one of you young unB. 'Salthouee is off awready.' A little later the sound of a bell, which rose like a toscln above the hubbub of the storm, told that Salthouse had done his errand. It called the crew of the lifeboat to their post. 'The ship's done for,' said the old boatman, 'but the ship's company will be got safe off, every man Jack of 'em, unless some was swept overboard by that hut sea. The wind's changed a point, too, and that is all in their favor. They've only to bide quiet till th' lifeboat gets to 'em. When I rowed stroke we rescued a ship's company in a good deal worse weather than this. That is welly twenty years since, and we got a medal for it. By God ! what are they doing ? What are they doing, Bill ! Your eyes is better than mine — surely not lowering a boat.' \- ' They're doing nowt else, the fools.' ' They are all dead men, then— them as goes hi her. Nowt but a well-manned lifeboat, steered by somebody as knows every yard of the coast, could live in that sea and reach land.' Can notiung be done to warn them and let them know that help is at hand?' asked George anxiously, though rather foolishly. 'It is hard to see fellow creatures perish before our eyes without making an effort to save them.' 'That's true, but what can you do? You cannot telegraph to 'em, nor yet ssnd 'es a letter, and I don't think any of us is likely to swim out to 'em, even if a chap could get there afore they are off,' ' They are off,' said another, ' but as far as I can make out there's only four or 'Then they're not aw fools,' growled the old man. 'If t'others will have a bit o' patience, there'll be no more drownded than them four or five.' The waves tan so high and the boat disappeared so often in the trough of the sea that it seemed as if every moment would be her hut, but -she was well rowed and skilfully eteeted, and drew rapidly landward. ?'She's making for the cove,' shouted one of the spectators, ' let's run down wl' xopes ; if th' boat's swamped some o' th' crew may be cast ashore.' 'More like their dead bodies,' mut tered the old boatman. The cove was a break In the cliffs, empty at low tide, but now filled with a mass of seething water which dashed itself furiously against the sides, and leaped and foamed up a funnel-shaped gap, down which ran a footpath to the sands. It was to this spot that George and the boatmen betook themselves. The boat, well managed to the hut, suc ceeded hi reaching the mouth of the cove, and was greeted by the bystanders, now greatly increased In numbers, with a loud cheer. 'It's all very fine, but wait a bit. They're not out o' th' water yet,' said the boatman, who played the part of Cas sandra. ' Stand by to haul her out of the surf before the undertow takes her back.' The words were hardly oat of the old fellow's mouth when the boat, struck on her quarter by a huge wave, turned com pletely over, and the next moment her crew were struggling in the- water. Two of the five went under at once. ' Fasten this rope round me one of you, and I'll see if I cannot save at least one of them,' shouted George, throwing off his coat. ' Yon cannot swim against that tide,' remonstrated one of the men. ' ' I will do my best. Fasten the rope, 1 tell you, and if I throw up my right arm or go under, haul in.' George dashed into the water. Three times he was driven back, but the fourth, taking advantage of a momentary lull, he succeeded in swimming a few fathoms out ; but nothing was to be seen, the struggling forms and despairing faces which he had seen only a minute ago were no longer visible. 'All gone -' he thought, and he was about to give the signal, when something struck against his legs. He dived and grasped it firmly in his arms ; the next moment he felt himself being drawn back, and after a short but severe buffeting, George and his burden were brought safely to hud. Whether the body, which appeared to be that of a sailor, was alive or dead, it was Impossible to say, for it had been terribly knocked about and was quite unconscious. ' What shall we do with him ?' asked somebody. 'Take him to Bagot's and send for a doctor ?' ' Bagot's ! He does not seem to be owt more than a common sailor.' 'All the more reason he should be well taken care of. Common sailors have hard lives at the best. Lift him up. Steady ! You shall be well paid. He is at my charge, and shall be treated as my guest.' A doctor was at the hotel as soon as the rescued man, and after an hour's strenuous exertion succeeded in restoring his patient to consciousness. The man would live, he told George, but he was much bruised, and would not be able to go about for two or three days. His four comrades in the boat were lost, but all who remained on the wreck were saved by .the lifeboat. Chapter XXXV. — After the Wreck. It was now no longer a question with the Brandons of leaving Whiteshingles forthwith. The wreck seemed to have dissipated Evelyn's forebodings, and given a new color to her thoughts. She was deeply gratified by the part which had been played by her husband, and the praises of his intrepidity which everybody was sounding, were very pleasing to her, 'Dear George I' she said, putting her arms round his neck and looking at him with beaming eyes. ? ' Dear, dear George ! Heaven is very good to us. If I could have aBked for anything more it would have been this : that before our honey moon was W6ll over you should save a human life. The risk was terrible— It makes me shudder to think of it — but the reward is great.' ' To be so thanked, I would risk ten times as much every day,' Baid George, returning her eatress. ' And the risk was nothing to speak of, after all. I was fastened to a rope, you know. Lucky the poor fellow knocked against me, wasn't it?' ' Something more than lucky, darling,' returned Evelyn, gravely. 'Say rather, providential.' 'Providential, then. I think 'lucky' expresses my meaning better, though. Wouldn't it have been equally the doing of Providence if he had been drowned? When shall we continue our journey south ?' ' That is for you to decide. I am in no hurry.' ' Well, I should like to stay until this Bailor fellow is well enough to go away. mat will be Jtf riaay, tue doctor trunks. I want to do something for him —the sailor I mean, not the doctor.' ' I should like to Bee your sailor. Do you know his name ?' ' Isaac Roper. You can see him, of course, whenever you like. But you had perhaps better wait a day or two. He needs rest, the doctor says — and he takes it — sleeps nearly all hiB time. Besides, he is not presentable. He came ashore almost as naked as he came into the world. I have ordered him another rig out. Suppose you see him on Friday — he will be up and clothed then — and we will leave the day after ?' ' As you like, dear George. Yes, let it be so. The weather seems to be taking up, and we may spend two or three days here very agreeably.' In the meantimeGeorge hadseveral talks will Isaac Roper, who seemed sincerely and almost abjectly grateful for his rescuer's kindness. The ship he had belonged to, the Araminta, hailed from Liverpool and was bound for New York. To complete her cargo she had to call at Belfast, and was on her way thither when she was driven out of her course and wrecked on the Horse Bank. ' Bad seamanship and drunkenness were the cause,' said Roper. ' Most of the crew were drunk when they came on board at Liverpool, and the captain was three sheets in the wind when we struck. It was him that ordered the boat to be lowered.' 'A most foolish proceeding. A pity he waa not hi her himself.' 'He was, and got drowned for his stupidity, and worse, d ? n him. He caused the loss of those three poor fellows' lives, and I had a narrow squeak for mine.' Despite Roper's roughness and bad grammar, it seemed to George that his language and manners were not exactly those of a common sailor, but the man's antecedents were no business of his, and when the doctor pronounced him convales cent George gave him a new kit to replace the one he had lost, and five pounds to help him on his. way. The sailor was deeply moved, but George put a rather peremptory stop to his ex pressions of gratitude by asking him to step into the Nelson. 'My wife would 'Wra to see you before you leave,' he ^ai«L-*- -When would you like to start?' * ' To-night, with your permission, kind sir. The sooner I get back to Liverpool the better. The owners of the Araminta will, maybe, find me a berth on one of their other ships.' ' This is the seaman who was so nearly drowned and badly hart— Isaac Roper,' said George, as he led the way into the sitting room, ' On this, Evelyn', who had been sitting at the bay window watching the sun aB he sank majestically into the purple sea, rose from' her chair and cams towards them. ' ? ' I sin very glad ? ' she began. Then she stopped short with a gasp, turned as white as a sheet, and she and the sailor (who was in the act of making a bow and a scrape) stared at each other as if both had seen a ghost. '' Isaac Roper ! Isaac Roper !' cried Evelyn. 'Ho! It is ? Wilton Con roy.' 'Evelyn Waters! My ? ' 'No ! no ! no 1 I am not your wife, Wilton Conroy!'? exclaimed Evelyn, springing forward as if she would strike him. 'I am not your wife; I am this gentleman's — I am George Brandon's wife, and will be his till death, death- ? ' Here she stopped short again, and fell fainting Into George's arms. He carried her to the door, and called for AIL All came. 'Watch this man,' he said, 'and for your life do not let him go until I re turn.' Then he bore Evelyn to her room. George was not the sort of man who fools because a woman faints. He laid her on her bed, applied restoratives, and in a few minutes she came to herself. 'You are still with me! Oh, thank heaven !' she sobbed. ' Don't, don't leave me.' 'Only for a short time. Bat are you sure you are not mistaken. Is that man really Wilton Conroy ?' ' Oh, George, I am not mistaken. I was only too sure. And did you not see that he recognised me ?' 'If I bad known that he might have perished a thousand times before I would nave raised a finger to rescue him. I will have a few words with him and then come back to you.' 'But, George dear,1' she exclaimed fearfully, taking both his hands in hers. 'Ueorge, dear, you are not going t — t ? ' 'What?' 'Kill him.' 'He deserves it.' 'But you won't. For my sake, for Christ's sake. He is bad, very bad. But you won't imperil your bouI ; you won't stain your hands ? Leave him to God ? Promise ! Promise ! I won't let you go.' And she clung passionately to him, her eyes flowing with tears, her voice broken with sobs. George lovingly and gently loosed her hands, ' Don't fear r he said. ' I never yet killed a man except hi fair fight, and you may be sure I shall do no thing of what a man who has worn the Queen's uniform need be ashamed. You must let me go now. I shall be back pre sently.' When George returned to the Nelson he saw at once the Conroy had been try ing to get away. The Indian had his knife drawn, and the other was standing opposite to him and near the door, in an attitude half- threatening, half-imploring. ' Go outside, All, and wait till I call,' said his master. ' And now. Mr. Conrov. for tfrn.fi appears to be your right name,' he Bald, addressing the soi disant seaman, ' ' I want a little explanation. You were sentenced some five years ago to fifteen years' penal Bexvitude for a series of felonies. A little more than three months since you were reported to have died at Portland, and now you turn up as Isaac Roper and call yourself a sailor. What does it all mean ? No hesitating, please, make a clean breast of it at once, or I will send for the polioe and give you in charge as an escaped con vict. What does it mean, I say ?' 'You need not threaten,' answered Conroy sullenly. ' I will tell you with out. But you have a right to know. After my trial and conviction I was sent with a lot more first to Newgate, then to Millbank, lastly to Dartmoor. Just be fore we were turned over to the warders who conveyed ub to Dartmoor I contrived to change identities with a fellow prisoner. It Is a thine not easily done, but it is done. The man I exchanged with was called Isaac Roper, a professional thief, who was in for five years, and spent more time in gaol than out of it, and when he got out did not expect to be more than a few weeks at liberty. Well, for a considera tion — I got something done for him through a friend — he agreed to take my name and lend me his. The chances were, of course, very much against the thing going through, but it did, for, as it hap pened, we were not very unlike. So at Dartmoor I became Isaac Roper, in for five years ; he Wilton Conroy, in for fifteen. He died a short time since — about the same time that I, having got some good marks, was released on a ticket-of-leave a few months before my time. 'As Isaac Roper had been convicted at Liverpool I was sent there to be dis charged and turned adrift, with a suit of shoddy clothes on my back and a few shillings, which I had earned at Dart moor, in my pocket. ' What was I to do ? I durst not for the life of me make myself known. All my friends but one — and he was in Ame rica — thought I waB dead. There was not a soul to whom I could appeal without risking recognition. I was bound to get out of the country at all hazards, and then it occurred to me that as I knew a good deal about boating, and used to sail my own yacht, the best thing I could do would be to work my passage out to Ame rica as an ordinary seaman. So for my shoddy suit and the greater part of my money I got a second- hand sailor's rig out, and then got a berth on board the Ara minta. You know the rest.' ' Yes, I know the rest,' replied George grimly, ' and I wish it had been a very different rest. I wish I had never come here and that you had either carried out your intention of going to America, or been drowned the other day in the breakers.' ' I understand,' said Conroy inso lently ; 'you have married Evelyn ? ' ' Stop ! How dare you speak of my wife as Evelyn ? You have forfeited every claim to consideration or respect. Miss Waters and I married when we heard you were dead, not before.' ' Don't let that trouble you, Mr. Brandon. We can easily square that little difficulty. There is nothing I want &o; much as to get out of the country. Give me a little money to start with on the other side — say a thousand pounds — and you will never see me or hear of me again, and nobody shall know I am alive.' ' You scoundrel ! Why you are a greater cad than I thought you. Give you a thousand ponnds ! Is it not enough that I saved your life ? Not a thousand farthings. And, look here ! If you are not gone to- morrow morning I will tell the police who you are. You have money hi your pocket. There hi a tram to Liver pool to-night.' With that George turned on hia heel and left the room. At the door he found AIL ' Let him go where he will,' he said. Then he went to poor Evelyn. She was in a state of excitement so intense that he almost feared for her reason. One moment she would twine her arms round his neck and declare that she would never, never leave him, that nothing but death should part them. Then she would say that she was a wicked woman, that they were living in sin, that she must go, go at once — go where she could hide her shame and nobody knew that she was married to two men. It was quite im possible to discuss the question, on Its merits or think what they should do. George -watohed^jy fcer-the nlgki Uiroughr consoling and comforting her as best he could. An hour or two before dawn she' fell asleep, and though unutterably wretched, he was so exhausted by the emotion he had undergone that after a while he slept too. When he awoke the sun was shining brightly, yet Evelyn still slept. He looked at his watch. It was past 10 o'clock. George rose and went into his dressing room (he had lain down with his clothes on). The matutinal tea was there, quite cold. Ali had doubtless brought it at daybreak, and his knock had failed to wake him. Then, with mind so pre occupied that he scarcely knew what he was doing, he slipped into the corridor, and at the same time Bagshaw passed with a tray. ' Oh, Mr. Brandon, how you frightened me,' exclaimed the butler, letting the tray fall with a crash and looking terribly scared. wnac cne miscmei — way aaoma you be frightened?' ' Oh dear. You have not heard then ?' '1 have heard nothing — only just got up. What Is the matter?' ' Matter ? Murder's the matter. That sailor you rescued, Isaac Roper, was murdered near the station some time last night. They found his dead body lying there this morning — throat cut from ear to ear.' 'Roper murdered?' gasped George reeling against the wall. 'Impossible.- Ton rave, man.' ' No, Mr. Brandon, I don't rave, lonly -wish I did. The terrible news is only too true. If you don't believe me go and ask the police.' ' I will.' And without another word George put on his hat and went straight to the police office. The sharp walk and the fresh ah? soothed his nerves and restored his presence of mind, and he managed to talk to the In spector on duty without showing more emotion than was natural in the circum stances. As Bagshaw had said, 'the terrible news was only too true.' Conroy had been murdered, but by a stab between the shoulders, not by having his throat cut. 'Somebody must have crept after the poor chap in the dark,' said the inspector, ' aB he was on his way to the station, and taken him unawares. The strangest part of the affair Is that he does not appear to have been robbed. Anyhow, there waa nearly five pounds in his pocket. I sup ppose the villain that did it heard somebody coming, and was too frightened to finish his work. But we are making every effort. I think we have a clue already.' ' Of course, and if yon find anything out I shall be glad if you will let me know at once. I thought of going away to-day, but I shall not go until after the inquest. The coroner may possibly like to have my evidence, though I don't think it ia likely to throw any light on the affair. When will the inquest be held, do you suppose ?' ' ' Probably on Monday. ' ' Very well. I will wait until Tues day.' After a little further conversation with the inspector George went back to Bagot's. He found Evelyn awake, but looking as wretchedly ill and woebegone as the day before she had looked radiant and happy. ' I was beginning to fear you had left me,' she said, with a painfully pathetic smile that went to his heart. 'Why should I leave you,' he asked, sitting down beside her. ' Never, while I live will I leave you.' ' But you must, must not you ? Or I xnuBt leave you. it is not right. But I cannot think. My head is In a whirl. Yon must think for us both, darling. Bub about one thing I am quite clear. We must submit to God's will and do right, whatever it costs.' ' I quite agree with you, and it is right for us to remain together; The man is no longer your husband, even in the eye of the law. ' How can that be, George ? Am I not married to him, and does not every body say that themarriagewas qultelegal ?' ' So it was, Evelyn. But the marriage has been dissolved. Conroy is dead.' ' Oh, George, do not trifle with me.' 'I am not trifling with you.' And . then he told her about the murder. 'It seems all a dream ; I cannot realise It,' she murmured. ' What, what ! J-o you think' — sinking her voice to a frightened whisper— 'is it not possible they may suspect— suspect you ¥' ' It 1b not possible. I left. Conroy in our sitting-room last night at 6 o'clock, came here to you and stayed with you till 10 o'clock this morning. Besides, who could possibly suspect me of taking the life of the man whose life I saved only the other day? All the same, I am not hypocrite enough to pretend to regret his death. You said that my saving his life was providential. Try and think that his death is equally so. At any rate, neither of us is in any way responsible for ' You are right, George. What shall we do, then?' 'Stay here until the inquest is over; then go back to Scotland and get married over again. We can do it in such a way that nobody will be the wiser, yet be able to prove the second marriage if the first should ever be called in question. ****** When Ali heard that his master was returning to Scotland, he Baid that he should like to return to Bombay. ' Why V asked George. 'It is so cold,' said the Indian with a shiver, and the English climate does not agree with me. I think it would be good for my health to go to Bombay for a while. But I will come to the sahib again.' 'Perhaps you are right. All. The climate here might not agree with yon this winter, and it would be a pity for you to be ill. Yet I shall be sorry to part with you. You saved my life, and you have served me faithfully and well, almost too well, some would think. I will pay your passage out, of course, and your wages will be continued just as if you were with me. As for myself I am not sure that, except in one respect, my visit to England has been quite a success. The climate, as you say, is cold, and life is hard. I daresay next year will Bee me back in India.' And then they parted. Ali went away in good spirits, for according to his ideas he had done neither more nor less than his duty, and he knew that he should soon see his master again. The End. 