SPORTJKG HOTES— ?'IBy 'F&tirpj;&mdi; i , There was abrilliant assemblage at Caul field last. Saturday. - Both, the big events dwindled down to rather small proportions; bnt on the whnin thn -ra/nny ma crnod. snH Mr. Uona must nave been well sansned with the results, as the attendanse was equal to a Canlfield Cup Day, Arriving from Adelaide in the express on the morning of the meeting I had plenty of time to reach the Course before the rirat race. Caulfiold is easily reached by train, but -getting back to Mel bourne by the same means is not such an easy matter on a big day. The railway arrangements are not nearly so complete as at JTlemington, and tha drive is not a plea Bant one, although the distance would not be out of tbe way if the roads round Melbourne were better. The presence of several well known supporters of Hill's horses soon gave the tip that the Flower waa much fancied for the Sapling Stakes. The sister to Biohworth is only a handful, but want of size is no detriment where the distance- is only 3 f orlongs, and the report waa that the Brothers Hill had tried her very highly indeed. There were Bome fine youngsters in the field, Montalto, by Neckersgat from Romula, had no superior for looks, and Elland is a. fine oolt, but nothing ia the race looked better than the Pulham-bred Prince ' Consort. Walter Hickenbotham has got this son of Rich mond and Queen Consort in fine form. The Traveller was another that passed muster satisfactorily, but there were several in the race that will not be ready to race for&some; months. With such a large field it was only natural that lack would have a deal to do with the result. Fagg, who was on the flower, tried his old game -of beat ing the Starter, but after he had made one or two breakaways Mr. Watson told him— 'moat, politely,' of couraa— that if he broke away again ha would' send him back to the paddock. This threat settled the Flower's chance, as when the flag did go down Bhe got off badly, and being on tne rails had not the ghost of a chance of getting clear of the field. Under these circumstances she must be seen under silk again before it is possible to say whether she ia the filly Hill credits her with being. Prince Consort would appear to be a slow beginner. Had he been able to get off and race in the first furlong he must have wob, as he was going two Bttides to Montalto'a v^e at the finish, and another 20 yards would have secured him the verdict. The winner kept a good place ail the way, and finished - aa straight as an arrow under toe whip. Montalto who belongs to the lucky Mr. Dono- van, coat 360 gs. at Sir Thomas Elder's last sale, whereas Prince Consort only re turned Mr. Bladder 39 guineas. At present I should Bay the colt would beat the filly easily over half a mile, but there may be a different tale to tell in November, as Montalto does not look as forward as the Prince. There was quite an Adelaide ring about Montalto's victory, as 9he was ridden by Denny Boaee, and ia trained by H. Monro, wno baa' taken to training on bis own account since Mr. AHcdonald retired from tbe business. Only ten ran for the Hurdle Eice, and Recall had been performing uo well at homo that the Ballarat people put their money down in earnest. At one time the handsome son of the Drummer was at 2 to 1, and offers of 100 to 30 were being made against Leroy, but at the fall of the flag there was not much to choose between the pair. Recall jumped so badly tnat his chance was soon gone, and at one time the sup porters of Leroy could not have been on very good termB with themselves, bat at tho turn he got the measure of Bonnia Chester aad Incident, and, making a good jump over the last hurdle, won with a lump in hand. Balla rat, looking well, formed one of the field, but he finished last, and evidently retains all his old dislike to jumping. The Selling Bice gave the Whisperer party a most unpleswant knock. Whisperer, although only a com moner in appearance, was made a 5 to 2 on chance, bis owner evidently thinking thai Peter Burns might be trusted to display his usual rogaishnese. Ths first try resulted in a dead heat, and as it looked as though Moore threw the race away through taking things too easily, the pair were saddled up again, odds once more being laid on Whis perer. This time Peter Burns asserted his superiority in the most marked manner, and the plungers pulled very long faces. With Studley and Reny withdrawn on the course only nine were lefc to fight for the £1,000 attached to the Steepleohaae. Few people knew that in Eaglet, the old sprinter who need to win so many races round Wil cannia way, that the Messrs. Miller had pos session of a ' dead bird' for this race. Mr. Barnard had accommodatingly thrown the gelding in at 9 Bt. 10 lb., and months of schooling had made the horse perfect at tbe jumping business. Holman, who had ridden the horse in all his practice, was taken off at the last moment in favour of Martin Burke, and the horse backed heavily, a few of the Messrs. Miller's particular friends being told about the good thing at tbe last moment. Ruby kept her place at the head of the quotations, but Eaglet carried far more paddock money. Nearly all ths other runners bad friends. Some backed Promotion, although Corrigan had no fancy for his mount, and only ran him because Dragon and Flash light were on the ahelf. Those who expected to see a beautiful race with nearly all the field standing up were doomed to disappoint ment, as there were no less than fire falls. Ruby opened the ball by taking off an immense distance from the third fence aad tilting Scobie oat of the saddle. Royal Oik came down at the smallest fence on the course, and as he rose he cannoned against EllersHe, and knocked Keating out of the saddle. During this time Mernder, Cariosity, Beadsman II., and Eaglet were keeping close company in front, the last-named going well Within himself, and fencing beautifully. Six furlongs from home Bnrke took him to tne front, and although Beadsman II. looked dangerous when he fell, the result was pro bably not affected, aa the Taamanian must have been spun out. Eaglet won easily, and I dare say that had Ruby and Kllerslie kept on their legs ' the result would have been the same, albeit I fancy the little mare would have given the winner some trouble. The victory was not popular, Mr. Miller's colours not being favonrtd with the public sympathy which they need to command a few years bac- : bat of coarse every one was glad to see the ever green Martin Bnrka scoring a win insach an important event. It was a great feather in the Messrs. Millers' cap to run first and second in such an important event ; bat they mast have felt a pang of regret when the winner was so quietly re ceived on returning to scale — so different from the reception received by the winners 'of the big racea at Flemington three weeks ago. In a field of 20 as little as 3 to 1 was taken about Strife for the Balaklava Stakes. One plunger who had cleared £2,300 on the first four races pat no less than £1,500 on Mr. Thompson's colt, and thanks to such transac tions as these tne backers of public form — i.e., those who followed Teuton — were able .to get very nice prices. I saw Strife saddled, and although looking bright and well he did not give the idea of being sam oiently seasoned to fight out a severe finish. Teuton, on the other hand, has raced him self into fine form, aad with Power ap it did look good business to take 7 to 1. Before they had gone far Strife cams oat with a clear lead of his field. Turning into the straight he moBt have been quite three leneths away from the field, but at the distance Teuton, followed by Sumatra, came 'through, and when the brother to Dunlop challenged Strife went all to pieces and was beaten easily by a length. Strife's collapse waa said to nave been accounted for in a measure by a girth breaking; but as the race was run I fancy Teuton would have beaten him under any circumstances. Strife is undoubtedly a brilliant colt, and in Messrs. Thompson and Leeks' hands his . future is not likely to be prejudiced by injudicious harrying. , South Australian - bred horses were in great form during the day. I suppose Eaglet was bred by Mr. Ross Reid at Tolarno. Both Montalto and Teuton were reared at Mor phetville, while Peter BurnB and Strife first saw the light at Mr. Jordan's, and Prince Consort h-Ml« from Folham Park. Deny Boase, who was a pet boy of John Hill's some few years ago, scored two wins daring the day, and there is not a racing man in Ade laide who would not rejoice to see that Martin Burke had won the big steeplechase. There will be plenty of racing in Adelaide between now and the end of September. Mr. D. Donlevie holds a Pony Meeting at Morphett ville on Saturday, and given fine weather there should be a nice afternoon's sport. The acceptances are not known at the time of writing, bat I do not suppose there will be many withdrawals. If Mr. Lewis comes over he should be .able to win the Thirteen Hands Race with either Chloe or Paris. Banker is running well just now, and he or Helene should account for the Hurdle Race. There are sixteen in the Flat Race. Mercury is the pick of the handi cap at 9 st., but Wyman's old horse has only just been put into work, and may not beready by Saturday. If Echo starts be will be hard to beat, ba*= I like General Sarshfield better at the weights, and would look no further for the winner if I was sure of a run. Lower down St. Stephen will be better suited by the distance than Napoleon, but where starters are so hard to pick it is better to go for cer tain runners, and so I shall couple the mode rate Exchange with Norma to provide the winner. Jenny looks the pick of the half dozen engaged in the Galloway Race, and Ruby Bhould take a deal of beabog in tne 14 hands Pony Race, . ,^jCWM|djrfog.,thjkjH^ every reason to be ?atisfied with the entries receded lorLtJie. Lioeniea ' Yiotaajler^meett ing- on .the t8tk; of, next month. The nineteen nominated for' the Hurdle R&co; include' Glengary, Dutch Oven, JPro tector, Hogmanay, Mercury, and Crayfish. . Thirteen is a splendid entry for a Sailing Race m Adelaide, and the committee could not expect to secure more than eight youngsters for the Sapling Stakes. For the Trophies twenty-three have bsen nominated, and among them is Dick Swiveller, who swept the board last autumn. South-Eastern owners are well represented by Protestor, Victor, Crayfish, and Bronzewing, while Mneaa hails from Broken Hill, and Adelaide has fair representatives in Mercury, General Sarahfield, and Lord John, the only Mel bourne representative being Hogmanay, who seems to retain a little of Ms old form. Steeplechases have been failures lately, bat Mr. Danlevie has secured Bixteen en£ries,and there are some new names in the list. With Swordfish out of the way, Mr. Hughea will not need to take a very wide range in appor tioning the weights, and as the fences are to be well brushed most of the competitors should be able to get the coarse in safety. The weights will appear next Taesday. Mr. Ferry intends holding a Park Meeting on the Old Coarse on September 15. There are she events on the card, and although the stakes are small the meeting should cat out pretty well if the visiting horses are nomi nated. The entries and weights for the Maitland Meeting appear this week. Our corre spondent states that a good deal of interest ia being taken in the fixture, and visitors are expected from all parts of the Peninsula. I am Borry to hear that Ruby slipped twinB at Fulbam last week. This is a piece of very badluckfor Mr.BIackler, as a year ling out of the dam of 3ardius and Iaonomy always commands, a good price. , At the Melbourne Bales three young sires were bought for Sir Thomas Elder's horse station at Mount Burrell. They came over in charge of Fitzroy, and have been sent North. ?,;„.? -.%,.. ? The third reading of the Totalizator Bill was carried in the Assembly by a majority of seven, apd it will now be passed on to the Legislative Council. At Moonee Valley on Taesday Messrs. Joseph Thompson and O'Connor had a dis pute over something, and the argument ended in blows being exchanged. Volley has hardened to 4 to 1 for the V.R.C. Derby, there evidently being a strong feeling that she is the best of Mr. White's lot. Malua is still being heavily backed for the Melbourne Cup. It Is nearly four yeara since he won the Cup under 9 st. 9 lb,, and I can hardly bring my&elf; to believe that he istainB his form. Very good acceptances have been received fox the Pony Meeting to take place to-day, the only withdrawals being Echo, Protector, Viator, and Steelbit from the Handicap, and the Mumper from the Hurdle Race. The Flower returned from Melbourne on Thursday evening, and she will probably attempt to recover. her reputation in the Sapling Stakes at the Licensed Victuallers' Meeting. Mr. Pell has taken Eyrie to Sydney, where he is engaged at G at. 4 lb. in thejEawkeabury Handicap. . : . : ' : I am sorry to hear that Andy Fergusaon has taken a turn for the worse, and the doctors are now afraid he will not recover. Oberon, an English horse, by Galopin from Wheel of Fortune, has been Bold to gD to India. Oberon was bred by Lord Falmouth, and I think he coBt Mr. Manton something like £4,000 as a two-year-old. He was a failure as a youngster, but afterwards won the Lincolnshire Handicap aad other good races. Jerry Sneak is being trained byJ. Goode for the Licensed Victuallers' Meeting, and if he can negotiate the Morphettville fenceB the old grey should have a chance in the Steeple chase if he does not carry overweight again. Scrip started favourite for one of the Pony Races at Moonee Valley on Tuesday. Backers evidently thought that coming all the way from Adelaide he mast be smart; bat he is a very moderate pony, and I am not surprised to hear that he ran last. Scrip's owner did not loee any money on him. Mr. Ferry has secured the stables at Robs Park, which Frank McNamara occupied in the totalizator days. D. Boase has left the Hon. J. White's employ, and is likely to get moBt of the Ade laide riding in Melbourne this season. I have to acknowledge the reoeipt of ' ComingEvents,' by ' Ha wkeye,' whicnis far and away the most complete raoing record wbicb has yet been issued in the colonies. In America a yearling was recently sold at auction for £7,600. This is the highest price ever obtained for a yearling. The Sir Modreds brought good prices at this sale. All bookmakers who wish to lay the odds at the Licensed Victuallers' Meeting, most send their names to the committee for approval before the 6th of next month. ihe Rosehill Club intend to give £1,000 to a six furlong handicap this season. : Savanaka has been sold' privately, and I suppose tbe little grey will .retire to the co an try. . ? ? ?? '-???? -' ?? j ^ \- ' Augur'' states that as Magazine's feet are still very bad, Mr. Gannon hai determined to give him a Bj»elL - ?' ? '???'? ?? v ? 