LIFE AMONGST THE CHINESE. An interesting lecture upon the above subject was delivered in St. Siltephen's Preshvterian Church, last evening, by Mr. J. H. Love, of Foochow. The Rev. Peter Roberte??n prresided, and there was a good at. tendance of the general public considlering the state of the weather and the dirty eondition of even our main thoroughfares. The Chairesan, i a compli mentary speech, introduced the lecturer, and referred in eulogistic terns to that gentleman's abilities. Mir. Love. who has a sicstal delivry and a pleas ing style, began by saying that his subject was as large as the land it was about, ned that he usually devoted three or four lectures to it. The customs of the Chinese were very strange, and it took a long while for a mas to accustom himself to them-in fact, a lot of their customs were similar to those of the natives of India, and it would be a splendid thing if England would do the same in one country as she had done in the other to raise the people. When a Chinaman was likely to receive an addition to his family, he sincerely hoped it would be a boy. and if so there was great joy and rejicineg; but if it was a girl he wase very angry and felt that his god had insulted him. Supposiug there were two other girls in the family he and his wife made up their mind that the third one was not wanted, and they either drowned it or dug a hole and buried it alive. The heathen Chinese did such things with happiness, but, after tlhey had been converted, the love of Gad came into their heart, and they could not even drown a dog. The next thing done after birth, if the child was to live, was to Ibetroth, and so it was engaged to some other male infant of some neighbour probably. Even if both the parties did not want each ether.the marriage could not be broken off Only by great dilffi catty, and this was a terrible evil, for perhaps one would be converted, and the heathen would hate the Christian. Some of these engagements had been broken off by the European consuls. The men made the women do their work while they walked about, and they treated them worse than animals in fact, he would be ashambed to treat a dogas they treated their wives. The girls were ausually married between sixteen and twenty-one, and, after the ceremony (which was described by the lecturer) the bride sat in a room by herslf,, where her husband's friends visited her and made uncomplimentary re marks about her and insalted her. He (the lecturer) had, however, prevented that part of the ceremony sometimes. He next referred to a branch of the Blue Ribbon Army that had been started in China by the American Methodist ministers, who, he said, neither drank intoxicants nor smoked. If a woman had only daughters, she was thought very little of, and, if she had no children at all, she was regarded as a nonentity; but when a woman had a large number of sons she had an immense deal of power, and could do almost anything she liked. A virtuous wonoman in China was one who hung herself in the presenuse of her friends when her hus band died, and iu this course she was encouraged by her husband's relatives, who petitioned the Emperor and had a monument erected for that noble woman. Cholera was next alluded to, the speaker remarking that it uasually carried off a Chinaman in two and a European in ten or twelve hours. He attributed so much cholera in China to the inhabitants' dirt and filth, and said that the year it was so bad was the time they had had no typhoons which cleaned the streets. The cruelty practised in making the girls' feet small was touchingly referred to, but he said it had been decided at a conference that such a custom was improper. The Chinese were not without Christian enterprise, for one good man had purchased a college, where sixty young men were being trained for the ministry. The Chinese conception of a heaven was not a very bright one, for their friends provided them with clothes and a pig for food for the next world when they were buried. The beauties of a Joss house were next detailed, and a feast was described at which the ghosts of hell were supposed to banquet for two hours, Notwithstanding these peculiar ceremonies and ideas, Christianity was pro reesing in China, and there were sixty delegates fom the country at a meeting a short time ago. The horrors of leprocy were likewise spoken of, and Mr. Love told of a Chinaman who felt no much for the lepers, who were put apart in cities by them selves, that he laboured among them teaching them of God for five years until he died of the fell disease. The great and good work done by two brothers-a carpenter and a shoemaker-was alluded to as an evia. dence of what Christianity could and was doing for the Chinese, the lecturer making mention of a girl who had left her father's home and walked 120 miles to get to one of the missionaries' achools. Most of their converts were tea-growers who earned about £3 Gs, per annum. and out of that 200 families who at. tended one church had given an average of two dollars each to the work. They were doing a great deal of good in their schools, and without religious instruction a man was nothing. In conclusion, he (the lecturer) said he had had a good mother, and he would like very much to vee all girls in China well educated so that the coming generation of children would have the benefit of a true mother. At the instanco of the Chairman-who alluded to the pleasure the address had given him, and said he hoped they would have another opportunity of hear ing Ms. Love and further cementing their friendehip -a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the lecturer, who, in responding, agreed to the objects of the China mission, and said he trusted that his hearers would not let their children grow up in ignor ance of God. They had a college a China where young were seeking and obtaining a sound religious education. Those present should remember China where there was no Sabbath, no rest, no fear about God, and no going home to see their families, and where women were treated sn if they were no better than dumb animals. He appealed to them to do their utmost to do away with their abominable system of secular eduaetion, which would not make their children as they ought to he. He ended by re ferring to the pleasure it gave him to be back again in Ipewich and thanking them for the vote of thanks. This terminated the proceedinge,all having listened with the utmost attention to the speaker throughout the whole of his observations. 