1\ Miscellaneous. ' How did the advout of tho Now Yoar '"Tid you, my dear Moltko ?' asked the rman Emporor of tho vcnorablo field- mJtshal. In a refreshing sloop, p'ouso your Mnjosty," was tho roplv. 'L'lin Em- peror s rejoinder is not given ; but His Majesty may woll havo congratulated tho licad of his army ou his good boiiso in going to bod, instond of waiting to see tho Old Yoar out and tho Now Year in. Marshal von Moltko's " early to bod " has poi'lmps soraotliing to do with the oaso with whioh ho ourrios his eighty-sovou yours. V A new branch of industry is, says Iron, ' Roiug to revolutionise tho loco trade. A New York doalor in lacos is exhibiting a speoiinonof laco of an oxtremoly doiioato pattern, and so light that it can almost bo blown away by a breath of air. This laco is mado of stoel rollud as flno as tho point of a enmbrio noodle. It is not wovon, but stamped out of a shoot of low grade stool, 90 that it should not bo too brittle. It was turned out of a Bmall Pittsburg mil1, and sent to tho dealer to show what could be done in that lino. In tho course of timo othor pattorus will bo made, heavier, par- haps, but oertninly mors tenacious than this pioee. Thorn is s id to bo no question as to itB durability, and its ohenpnoss would make it tho most Buloablo of all laoes in tho markot. It may oreato revolu tion in the laco market if mat oan be .. guarded against. Home Hews. 'Jhe- Himes eolobratod its hundredth birth- I day ou Sunday, Jan. 1. From all parts of Europe congratulations and good wishes have ronoliod tho oditor and proprietor. Tho national nows-sheot, as it has boon for many deoades mow, was bora undor tho namo of the l/nivcrsal Daily DcgUler in 1785, and adopted its present titlo throo years lutor. It lias always boon tho properly ot the Waltor family. I's first law roport was tho trial of "Warron Hastings. In 1827, wlion Lieut, Waghorn opened tho ovorlnnd routo to India, John Waltor showod that he had in him tho stuff of which grout nowspaper con ductors aro made. A Times eourior awnitod at Marseilles tho rrrival of mail boats from Egypt, postedaoross Franoo, employod a fast cutter from Bouloguc to Dovor, and took the express to London. In this way Waltor scoured nows beforo tho Govern ment. Similar efforts along tho wbolo lino ' of tho century havo soourcd the Times a quite uniquo reputation for ourly information and groat usofulncss. During sovonly years on y four men havo oocupied tho oditorial chair in Printing Houso-Bquaro — Thomas Ba-nos in 1817. Delano in 1841, Chonory in 1877, and tho presont editor, Georgo Earlo Bucltlo, who was appointed in 1884. As wo have boon reoontly rominded, when tho Times caino into oxistonco tho English languago was. Bpokon by somo flftoon millions ; now over 100 millions spoak it, and somo 2G0 millions in India, China and Japan aro loorniag it. Tho Timer has bocomo a part of tho national being, and it is hardly possible to oouccivo English lifo without it. — Home Hews. Rouben Fiolds, a most extraordinary individual haB roturncd to his homo in Ken tucky, aftor an absence of somo years in tho West. Fiolds is known far and wide as tho ' Mathematical Prodigy," and, indeed, ho is n wonderful ereaturo. Porfootly illiterate, not being able to tell one lottor or figuro fronvanother, ho boars the some relation to tliQ/ lonco of mathematics that Blind Tom dajgt&o; musio. Fiolds is now abont twenty- etgnt years of age, and his ability to quickly and sorrectly solvo the mo.b difficult pro blems was discovered when lie was eight years old. Thut faoulty aontinucd tj dovolop until he is ablo to boItg, with amazing rapidity, any problom in simple or compound fractions, or anything in tbo higher brunohos of mathen- ios. For instanoo, tho moon is / ' ' ,mbor of miles from tho earth ; a .n is so long; how many grains iko to connoot tho points ? Tlio .r "to this or any other problem comos :—xo a flash. He can also toll to a socond ' the time of day or night ! . This; mnrvollous man has been toBtod by tho most oxpert mathematicians, and his answers to problems have been found to bo invariably oorOt. He claims thnt his power is a direoi- gift from tho Creator, and liablo to he taken away from him if not propofly "used. The possessor of this gift never went to school a day in his lifo, and never did a day's work, except to occasionally aid merchants in invoicing their goodB, and in this business he has been known to keop a score or more of clerks busy footing up columns ot figures. He is a fiery largo man, and has a look tho reverse of intelligont. Having no occupation, he livos among his acquaintances, putting up wherever night ovortukes him. Ho is very prond of his gift, and frequently compares himself to Samson. F elds gave an exhibition of his powers before Governor QHttonden and other distinguished men of Missouri on a late visit WcBt, and they consider hiui one of tho greatest wo .ders of the century. — Knowledge. A '.private in tho Royal Berkshire Regi ment, stationed ut reading, named David Pil- more, has been arrested undor remarkable circumstances ono chargo of mnrder. On tho morning of April 29 thorejwas a dospor- ale poiohiDg aff ay at Badswortb, a villsgo fivo mile- from Pontefraot. Two gamo- keepors, named Itlingworfh and Coploy, tracked a couplo of poachers, ono of whom was Pilmoro, and tho otjior a man named Roberts. Ono of tho poaohors carried a gan, and in the oourso of a struggle botwoon Illingworth and his companion he firod at Coploy, who was running up to his comrade's assistance. Tho keeper was shot in tho body, and died soon afterwards. A verdict of mur der was roturnod against Roberts and Pil moro, both of whom esc.ipod, and a reward of £100 was offorod for |thoir apprehension. Diligent searoh was mado, but the polico were novor uble to como upon tho men. The other morning a privato in tho Borkshiro Eegimont, who had onlisted not many woeks before under tho name of Willman, wsb on sentry duty at Reading Barracks. Anothor sontry, stationed twonly-flvo yards off heard him cook his rifle, and askod him what be was about. Willman said he had just seen a ghoBt, and asked whero it had gone to. Tbo sentry laughed, but Willman who was very serious, said it was tho ghost of a man whom ho had murdered. Tlion Willman, who has proved to bo Pilmore, i told tbo story of have poaching nffruy, and how ho and Roberta escaped tlio police. He Baid tlioy succeeded in getting away from tbo locality, hat in a wood somewhere between Leicester and Reading Roberts was starving and utterly worn out and bad diod. He furthoiv stated that he plantud throe twigB ovorJK placo wbero he buried Robefe,, andT'khe oould go and point out tlio . plawf ly Ho said ho continuod to wood aftor Roberts wasdond snd in order to avoid ths police. Thon no to Reading and deoidod to enlist, 'ory was repeatod to a corpor.il, and Bigncd a written confession, mentions were mndo to the Ponto- police, and a constable indentified Pilmoro, and ho kns now beon removed to Pontefract for trial. It seemB impossible to imagine that tho numeious correspondents who havo dosceu- dod upon us with a flood of more or loss nonsensical questions about '' i'lie Star of Bethlehem" can ovor look at tho eolumii . headed " Tho Face of the Sky," which fare in every monthly part of this sine. Reference to that column for mbor and December will show that' its r specially Bpenks' of Vonus ns i ' n ant object to tbo south of oast about 3 a.m." and as ' n most brilliant nnd con spicuous object in the south-east beforo sunrise ;" but, ignoiing this, a number of pereous who are, or profess to be, readers of s knowledge, havo inundated ub with queries as to whothor a new variable or periodical- star has beootne visiblo f whothor the Star of Bathlehom haB roappoarod ; whetlior it is tho'ono that uppoared to tlio Wise Men P (in whioh oatogory this partioular quoriost as uiodostyly nsjpoporly to include hiinaoli) — whothor tho original apparition (Matthew ii. 2, 9, and 10) waB miraculous or not P and bo on. Ouco for all, thon tho star whioh has rccontiy shono so gloriously in tho morning 8ky is Venus, aud nothing olso in tho world S ho goos i- iund tho sun ineido of tho earth's orbit in about 224J days, and if tho earth were stationary would, ut the ond of that period, como approximately into tho samo position iu onr (thon) fixed Bky. But, i s every one knows, the enrtb herself revolves round tho sun in something liko 3G5-dayB nnd honoo Vonus does not return to tho samo phnso until aftor a lapso of 584 days— i.e., in ono year, sovon months, and about a woek. Honoo it will be soon that what wo havo beou viowing is simply a recurrenoo of what hauponed duting tho early mornings in Docombor in 1895 and January 183(1. Venue m now travolling away from tlio oerth, and on July 11 will bo behind tho sun. Pursuing her path, sho will omorgo from its rays and reappear to the eaet of him, aftor which she will bocomo an ovoning star, an d iu Fobruary and Maroh 1889 will bo as striking an objoct aftor sunsot ue sho reoontly has boon boforo sunriso. About Lady Day in that year slio will bo distinctly visiblo to . tlio uaked oyo (of anyone who knows pro- cieoly whoro to look for her) in bright sun shine. Tlio r tar of BoLhlohom of Mathow's gotpol — if it over really oxistod and is not tho more oinbodimont of a myth — must in probability havo boon a comot. —Know ledge. Cornhill is almost tho host of the magaz'nes this month Tho articlo on " Evolution " is pa ticulsry brilliant and comprohonsiblo, and among- many good psssagos the descrip tion of Darwin's work is specially worth quoting : Charles Darwin ndded to tlio primitivo evolutionary idoa.tlio spociul notion of natural solootion — tlmt is to say, ho pointed out that whilo plants and animals vory porpotually, and yory indefinitely, all tho variotios so pro- produced aro not oqually adapted to the cir cumstances of tho species. If tho variation is a bad one, it tonds to die out, bccauso orory point of disadvantage tol's against the indi vidual in tho strugglo for lifo. If tho varia tion is a good ono, it tonds to porsist, baouuso ovory point of advantage similarly tolls in the individual's favour in that ocaiuloss and viewless battlo. , It was this addition to tho evolutionary sonoopt, fortifiod by Darwin's powerful iidrooacy of tho gonoral principle of deacont with modification, that won ovor tho wholo world to tho " Darwinian theory." Boforo Darwin, many men of soionoo wore evolutionists ; aftor Darwin, all men of scionco boenmo so at onoe, and tho rost of tho world is rapidly preparing to follow thoir loadorship. As applied to lifo, thon, tho ovQlutionary idoa is briefly this — lhat plants and animals litivo all a mtaral origin from a singlo primitivo living oroaturc, whioh itself was tho product of light nnd heat (acting on the speoial ahomical oon- stituonts of an ancient ocean.' Starting from that siuglo early form, thoy have gone on dovo'oping over sinco, from tho homo-, gencous to tho hotrogoncous, assuming ovor more varied shapes, till at last thoy havo reached their pros nt onormous variety of tree and shrub, and llerb and scawood, of beast and bird, und fish and orooping inseot. Evolution throughout has ba.n ono aud conlinuous, from nebub to sun, from gas- oload to planet, from oarly jolly-spcok to man or oloulmnt. So, at loast, evolutionists say — and, of eourso, they ought to know most about it. European Mail. 