COMEDY IN TEE PRO- YINCES. . (FROM A MANAGER'S NOTE BOOK) No. L I have several times 6een pictures and statues of Tragedy and Comedy, bnt can't remember them over mnch. . One thing I am tolerably sure of, that the figures were female, also that Comedy seemed a flirtnblo yonng person, with a smile and a mask, who if sho had been dressed in the garments- of to-day would havo worn corsets a little over pinched abont the waist. Moreover, there waB that in her conntenance that indicated she wonld havo been fond of silken garments throughout, have had a maid site was, to use no milder term, severe with, have been extravagant in gloves, and used Cbipre and Ylaiig-ylang as a perfume. I can also imagine without any particular effort that, if it was suggested to this lady to gp into the provinces she would have insinuated, with ono of those high bred smiles which are, one doesn't quite know why, disagreable, that sho didn't quite think there were any provinces in Australia ? In fact, I am sufficiently sure the lady wonld have gone so far as to remark, of course to an intimate friend, in a tone in which a spice of pique was discern- able, "My dear, 1 don't think they care very mnch for me in the — ahem — Australian capitals. That very bourgeois person Drama Bcews ,to havo it all its own way — (note the its, she would never have said her). Do you think they would care for me in the — er — Victorian pro vinces '( I thiuk you said provinces? Do you thin :t they would understand me even ?" Per haps someone was by who reminded her that it was distinctly her duty to advance the great project of civilisation by submitting, even at some inconvenience, her person and graces to observation, with tho laudable view of educating the bucolic inhabitant of a new and, surely iu the future, great country. Yes, though she must hare shivered and sighed, she would have submitted. A wave of her wand, and behold then the A1 Comedy Company under orders for Castlemaine, and barring the usual -accidents by flood and field, such as the stage manager missing tho early train. Only ono lorry is sent to the Melbourne theatre where the troupe last performed for the baggage, with a resnlt that tho last load arrived only five minutes before tho train started, and was thrown in anywhere at the Spencer-street depot This accounts for the presently discovered loss of one of tho manager's portmanteaux. Naturally it contains valuable MSS. Mr. Stage Manager ingeniously tried to cover his delin quencies by saying that the actiug-manager iiadn't given hint the permit, and that there fore tho railway officials wouldn't let him take the necessary scene and property baggage without making heavy disbursements. Con cerning this permit, travelling theatrical companies havo by a blessed dispensation of the laws governing the Victorian railways certain valuablecouccssionswhich the small fry actually in charge of the various railways departments seem to resent. For instance, here is the permit : — VICTORIAN RAILWAYS. THEATRICAL PERMIT For- Companies of 10 and Upwards. General Traffic Manager's Office, Melbourne, 5th March, 1888. Tho AI Comedy Compcuy, consisting of ten (17) Members, can travel First Class on puyment of Second Cluss Faros l.ouie:— Melbourne to Kyneton, thence to linylea- ford, and back to Melbourne, thence to itallarat, Caatle- maine aud Sandhurst and Jichuca, and back to Mel bourne. Available till 30th April. Luggage: — 112-lb. for each Member free. Excess Lnggage : — Goods Rates by Passenger Trains. 1.. H. FRANCIS, Traffic Manager. Per To As above Not less than 10 Tares must be paid for, nnd all the Members most travel at tho same time to entitle them to tuc above concession. Very kind nnd nice, but having arrived at the Speucer-street station keep an eye on tho bag- gaga departmont. That's all. And now we are in Castlemaino. The first provincial plunge is made, and I am back at my comfortable rooms in Paget's Imperial Hotel. A play that has been.drawing £280 a night in London for months past, and which my company plays well enough to have earned eulogiuins from tho Melbourno press itself having been honored with an audieuco at tho munificent prices of 3s., 2s. and Is., valuing jnst under £20 (I am telling the truth and shamiiig the devil in this article), I made inquiries before I handed myself over to Mr. Morpheas, as to "why the thusness w.s so." Here is the answer, " Shocking bad companies of lato ; people afraid of being sold snre to do belter now they've seen ns ; and so on. " Sub sequent ovents proved the truth of the latter prophesy, one moreover that very rarely comes off. Duriug rehearsal next day I received a call from the mayor Like the English servant girl, " I thank goodness I know my place." That place is at rehearsal during rehearsal time; but any respecter of social law is courteously deferential to local and municipal big-wigs. Ordering tho stage manager to read for me, I went out to shake houds with a cheery youth of 25, a citizen who had a little live blood in his veins. Castlemaine, which feeis itself a trifle slow, has still the sense to recogniso tho value of someoue who will move a little. To snm up, four nights' change of bill with very strong and expensive new London attrac tions succeeded in patting nearly £100 into the treasnry, a snm poor enough as representing the entire earnings of a full company of 17 people, and, very evidently, tho reverse of pro fitable. These small towns have been spoiled for respectable combinations by a number of sadly disreputable "shows" who travol about a la'-Crummles aud Company for the most part with stolcu MSS. of good plays, misinterpreted by a uauibcr of illiterate men and women, whose personal habits — well, I suppose every body has read NicJtolus Nickleby and knows the divine Henrietta Petowker by heart, and the diviner.Miss Snevellici and her papa. Tho standard of intelligence among the CastlemniniUs may fairly be placed at quite a Tcspectable (Aeration, The points of one comedy, containing hits at politics and passing events of the day all over tho world, were taken, if a trifle islowly, very surely ; while a comedy-drama with a strong story, the devclopmout of wliith requires distinct mental and moral faculties an tho part of the audi ence, was listened to with the closest atten tion. If (here be respectable managers who can run a small but good entertainment for about £80 a week— I can't imagine there should be any such— Castlemaine may bo visited with pleasure, especially by the student of psychology. Mxu>ox,»20th March. From Castleraaiue to Maldon in an agreeable half hour's spin, and Page's Hotel; with the theatre hall adjoining, something to engrave on the tablets of the memory. Gracious good- uess, how to begin, and where to stop ? And yet I remember one of the props of this very journal, the dextrous carver of a dinner party I was at a week ago, said a man could not write a column about a washing staud that would bo all washing stand. Sala, Dickens or the " Vag." conld have written pages, haudreds of 'em, abont this place and the characters here, aud yet it's a sequestered little mining town with only one street in it. The hotel isn't an hotel, but a rambling old inn, which only wan. s ji ghost story to make it legendary. On one side is a big room, witli a tiny stage, exactly 8- yards by 9. This is the diniugrooiu of the' establishment when the theatre is not occupied. Inn, stable, hall, stage, kitchens, cook, tnaids aud' owners are all so scrupulously clean the very smell — I should say perfume — of tbe place ' does more for your appetite tbnu the driost amoutillado with the pungent-est angostura. Host Page, hale, hearty, a crack rifle shot, well on towards his 70th year, is somdbodr here; bnt dame Page, "Sweet Anne Page," 62, and looking just 50, is, as the Yankee would say, over so many more. Tho good dame has a girth, a gait, a bright black eye, and of course sho has a tongue, God bless her. What daino worthy the uauio was over without one ? Not an actress was admitted to the honse. As 1 a special favor L was accorded a bedroom two yards and a half wide by four, with a window in the root, the opening and shutting of which had to be negotiated by a long pole. Presently it transpired that mine hoBt Pago bad received no rent from tbe last tenants beyond tho im posed deposit of a pound. Well, fortunately, under certain circumstances, it's easy to inspire confidence. A few words in the ear of my secretary and money bearer did wonders. Soon wo were all entitled to rank among the bad paymasters, who, it will be remembered, either pay in advance or don't pay at all. The latter method having become tedious by constant repetition, we adopted the former. Dame Puge's face was for a moment illumined by a very respectable property smile. But when it came to wanting a few articles, as tables, chairs, ornaments, & c., for the stage from her own particular sanctum sanctorum, she would have frozen up again had I 'not known by past experience pretty well how to deal with the rclnctant Fair, as the last centnty comedies call all the gentler sex. There were minor troubles. The only piano had a had pain in its two important treble octaves. Tho nearest gas was many miles away and so on — trifles to a travelling manager. After the performance — what practical advico can I give ? Standard ol intelligence in Maldon decidedly lower than Castlemaine, so that tho choice of pieces should be bright and funny, or a strong, simple story, rather than psychological and subtle. On to Kynctou, cheered by the information that everything much worse there than hero 1 1 Perhaps, the korosene has given out ? Or the Kyucto'u piano has a pain in its bass us well as its treble — well we shall soon know, and we stark Host and dame, wreathed in smiles, insist on a cordial hand grip, and away we go, in no way dismayed. , Kyneton, 26th March. Here we are in one of the oldest of tbe Vic torian townships. There have been, no catas- trophies en roufe. To get hero one has to retrace one's step9 as far as Castlemaine ; bnt that is no bar to happiness, since it enables me to ask the obliging station master about the missing portmanteau. Not been heard of yet ! Labelled by one of the Victorian roilwavs own beautifnl porters, and yet astray ? After many days and still astray ? Oh Mr. Speight ! Oh ! Tho theatre here is the Mechanics' Institute, a long and narrow room of respectable propor tions. Tho hotel I am in is kept by a giddy maiden of I don't know how many summers. As in Maldon, many of the hotelkeepers hero fight very shy of Thespians. Still, let us be thankful for the smallest; mercies. We have actually got a piano which has not got a pain cither in its treblo or its bass ; also I think i saw gas, and life is not all a blank. Now for the day of tho great ovent ! Not wildly cheer ing was the opening. Kyneton, as befits one of the oldost townships in tho colony, has a gravity becoming its years. If it has any pleasures, I fancy it takes them very soberly, I cannot gather that anything iu the way of amusement, known or unknown, with or with out repute, has ever achieved the gratifying honor of a crowded house in thi9 model township. Curious „ and wonderful is it to listen to the various causes which those who liko and patronise a performance will volunteer to account for the general neglect. "It was Lent, and the people were all at cbnrch," said one. "Well, you see last race day there was two shows advertised to come .here, aud ne'er a one of 'em coomed," added another apologist. "But wait till to-morrow night You'vo made year reputation." I waited. To-morrow came, and the house about tho same. My rustic friend had been too san guine, or else he had misinterpreted the character of his fellow townsmen. We just topped £30 on the two nights ! I should like the printer to bo asked to make that note of admiration as large as the munificence of tho type resources permit, for tho sake of my brother professionals. As for the audience — to borrow a remark I overheard by our chambermaid, "AU the men looked deaf and there were no women to speak of." The play performed on this night was one so well known it wonld have been per fectly fair to assumo the siory was familiar to nearly everybody. Tbe piece terminates with brilliant abruptness. Two villains are dealt with daring its action, and in tho fourth and last act one is arrested, the other dies on tho stage. I enact the fellow what dieth. I die-ded The curtain fell. The play was over, but the audience ant tight. Fact, on my honor 1 I dressed quickly aud retired from the building, leaving tbe audience etill there. For aught I, know they are there now, and if they remain there till I pay my return Tisit I am afraid they will be there some little time. No ; I can only recommend Kyneton, honestly, as a locality admirably adapted, for reasons it is not friendly to particularise, to rear mutes or tamo a mother- in-law. Daylesfobd, 28tK March. This was our next point of vantage. ' Such it is geographically, by tho way, being perched amidst hills and charming surronndings on, I think I heard someone say, tbe highest ground in Victoria. The first impression one has of this little town, as I remarked to the courteous and considerate town clerk, Mr. M'Leod, is that the inhabitants striko tho new comer as a triflo slovenly. Shirt sleeves and ilpeu collars uutrammelled with neckties prevail boyond the usoal free and easiness of a mining town. Here, to a stranger's eyes, it passes as neglige permissible, and arrives at the '! don't cure a contiuental cent. " sort of thing. The comedy chosan was tho some as at Castlemaine. We hired a band to cheer them in, but they came — hardly at all. . Tho company, many of whom sing, wanted to get up a sacred concert for Good Friday, enterprise iugly offering to speculate their sularies. With some misgivings I cuusentod, and here is tbe programme. Not bad, I flatter myself, for a travelling dramatic company := GOOIJ FRIDAY EVENING. SALRlD CONCERT Ry the A ONE COMtDY COMPANY, In tlio TOWN II ALL. DAYLESFORD. I'roRi-aniiuei Pit lc L Solo (piano)—" Nocturne " (Chopin) Reaein.— Christ's Agony In tuo Garden " (The guspel of St. Matthew, chap. 28). SonR — ' Far hi the DLtnat Years " (ttoeckol) Sonir— | " Lost Chor- " (Suulvan) Song— " Angels Ever BrlttlitauU Fair" Musical RccltuUon — " Ilia Last Mau," by Camp le), muse by - alcott. Song — " Tho Vital spark " (flarwooil) Quiutet — "Nazareth" (Couitu-.). Recitation — ' What the Demi Said. " Intervui nf Ten Mtuutos. - i'art Ii. Solo (piano)- J. (Gottsohalk) Song — "The Open Hook" (V- Gutiriol) Snng — " Lea itaiuesux (Fnuie) Sung — " Michaeiu'a l'raycr" (Bizet) ' Song — "Tile Ln,t Watch " (Pinsutl) Sonk — " Tired " (Lindsny) bong — " When >parrowa linllii " (Binmontliai) Snug — "'ihe Chorister" (Sullivan) _ Part Song — "Good Night " (Uarnoy). I was fairly cheerful, so far as tho house prospects for that night were concerned, for I Imd reliable information that nearly fifty Lhreo-shillingers were to bo depended upon for that evening's performance, and, as a rule, when the threes assemble in respoct- ublo concert there aro the ones and twos in the midst. Alas! thAt night it rained — oh, how it raiued. Mr. M'Leod was sympathising enough to look quite crest fallen as he said, " They never stir out here if it rains. Yon won't get a soul ; take my advice, don't open." I didn't— we rehearsed the concert instead. It duly came off, and was honored by tho prcscucc of an audience numbering less than a couple of hundred persons. Now, bearing in miud the fact that it rained " heaveus bard " the night before, that it was cold and lowering all dur, that the people had nowhere to go aud nothing to do, what became of thcin ? lpauce for a reply. Did they stay at home nud twiddle their thumbs? Wouldn't any reason- able Christian have assumed they would bare walked a few yards on the chance of hearing a decent song ? But no, the enterprise that walk would hare involved was wauting, For tho Saturday uigiit's piece I advertised " the last performance litis company will ever give in Daylesford." The house was nearly respectable in numbers- and tho plar,. which was tho psychological chap, was respectfully listened to- Excopt that tho back Beats thought that all symptoms of illness on the part of tho villain, who suffers from a dnugsrous disease which ultimately kills him, were de cidedly fanny, and to bo seized upon as points for cacchinatory encouragement ; also that they needed tho assistance of God Sato tho Queen to convince them that the oud had como, nothing of note occurred during tho evening. Two thiugs occurred after that deserve record only. Unfortunately I cannot recount ono of them as I should wish, but I may without offence say that a very special kiudncss was shown mo by Mr. Dukin, .'tho mayor, at the instance of Mr. M'Leod, the town clerk. Of the othor I may speak. My printing und advertising bill at the Herald office was £3 odd. Mr. Scott, tho proprietor, seut it in with exactly one-balf deducted, as a mark of sym pathy for our unforeseen and unavoidable mis fortunes. It is wonderful how quickly a touch of fellow feeling will dissipate a nuance of dis appointment. 