SPORTING NOTES . BY OBSERVER. Seward is said to have been 27 years of age when he did the 100 yds. in 9 1/4 secs. Cardinal Manning was at one time, a cricketer of some renown, and he still takes a lively interest in the game. A rowing match between Kemp and Han Ian comes off on Friday, Sept. 28th. The match was recently arranged at Beach's Hotel, Sydney, and both men are now in training. The preliminary heats of the W. A. Rowing Club handicap were won on Saturday, by J. R. Johnson, (scratch) ; J. Hillman, (5 secs) ; J. J. Roe (4 secs) ; J. Bennion, Fre mantle (3 secs) ; and Mr. S. Warton (2 secs). The football match between the Victorians and the Unions, played in Fremantle on Saturday last, resulted in a draw after a very exciting game. In the match between the Fremantles and Norwoods, the former team was victorious by one goal. On 28 ult, a ploughing match took place at Mills' Point, about two miles from Bun bury. The number of competitors was seven, and the prizes, £7, £4, and £2, were won by Alfred Moore, T. A. Delaporte and W. Dela porte respectively. An exhibition, which convinced every one present of the valuable ness of the " Forest Devil" as a stump ex tractor, was made in the course of the day. The proceedings were wound up by a ban quet. The Americans have just given out that 11ft. 1in. is the best standing long jump on record, and of course, they have added that it has been done in America. The Yankees should have made enquiries in W. A., before publishing to the world such an erroneous statement. Allow me to inform their com piler of "best records," (but alas ! I greatly fear my words will never meet his eyes) that 11ft. 8in. has been cleared with ease, at public sports in this colony — and that little more than twelve months ago. Hutchens was the acknowledged champion sprinter of the world till he touched Aus tralian soil. In Australia, he was beaten by both Samuels and Clarke. It is the general opinion, notwithstanding, that the native, as a sprinter, is, even at his best, inferior to the English runner. On returning from Aus tralia to England, Hutchens was defeated bv Gent ; and hence it is impossible at the present time, to declare positively who is the champion sprinter of the world : — Clarke, Gent or — shall I say it — Ogborne. The go-as-you-please, to be held at the end of this month in the Fremantle Town Hall, is looked forward to with much interest by sportsmen at the port. North Fremantle, I am informed, but cannot vouch for the correctness of the statement, is to have a "big say" in the event. Quite a host of youths are in training ; one fifth of them, I guess, will not come to the scratch. If they do, I pity them. Of 10 intending competitors who have been interviewed separately, 9 are confident of winning. The tenth is more modest. He is not altogether certain whether he will turn out to be the champion or not. But one thing he is sure of, and that is, that he'el "wipe out" Griffin. Judging, however, from his present ghost-like appearance, and from information received to the effect that he is training in the scrub back of Monu ment Hill, and runs morning, noon, and night, for hours at a time. I should imagine that, before the 29th of the month, he himself will be "wiped out," or at any rate, in very poor fettle to meet such a crack as Griffin. A sculling match for £500 aside, and the championship of America, was rowed on Wednesday, May 30, between J. Teemer and Jacob Gaudaur, at Point of Pines, Mass., and was won easily by Teemer in 22 minutes 45 seconds. John Teemer, who has defeated Jacob Gaudaur, was born at M'Keesport, near Pittsburg, America, on the 8th of July, 1865\. He is a man of splendid physique, and almost perfect symmetrical proportions. His height is 5ft. 8 3/8in., and he rows at about 11st. 6lb. Teemer is undoubtedly a grand oarsman. He has beaten such scullers as Hanlan, Gaudaur, Ross, Lee, and Matterson. He met Wm. Beach in the final heat of the Great Intercolonial sculling sweepstakes on the Thames on September 1, 1886, and rowed a good race against the New South Wales representative, who beat him, the time being 23 minutes 15 seconds. From all that can be learned, Teemer is a better man than Hanlan, and very little inferior to Beach, either as regards pace or endurance. It will be remembered, that he rowed Neil Matter son a tremendous race for two miles on the Thames some time ago, when the Australian oarsman, who had been leading all the way, collapsed entirely, and the American sculler won as he liked. Teemer is expected to visit Sydney shortly, as he is said to be anxious to measure blades with Peter Kemp, the pres ent champion of the world. Jacob Gaudaur was born at Orillia, in the province of On tario, Canada, in the year 1867. He is of French extraction. Gaudaur defeated Han lan for the championship of America, in a race which took place on Lake Calumet, on the Ottawa River, on 30th of May. 1887. On September 18 he met William Beach on the Thames, in a match for the championship of the world, and after a terrific contest, in which our man's chance at one time seemed very poor, he had to give way to the superior strength and magnificent sculling powers of the Illawarra oarsman. Gaudaur is a man of fine physique. His height is a little over 6ft., and his rowing weight is about 12st. — Sydney Freeman. 