A Rough Ride. -4----- IT is a good many years sincc.Ibadefarewell uiittaltg, Oiou tfy Slrcst ,diestL . tom. een fes-, far between, and very brief when they occurred. It was therefore with surprise rather than pleasure I found myself called on at a moment's, or more properly speaking. without notice, some time after midnight a few days ago to go on a journey on business of the utmo.t im Irtanem. tihe exact purport of which I did not then knov.- -s,..t ,, made in the darkness and stillness of the r.ight, by special conveyance. and when the gray dawn came I had an oppor tunity to observe the country thre ugh which we were passing. It was a strange jumble of clearings and primeval wilderness; country which it seemad was familiar to me in boy. hood's days, but all looking as if some great volcanic commotion had occurred and mixed up places hundreds of miles apart. At times I imagined I was on the ssorching, sun-dried plains lying between the Murray and Murrum bridgee rivers. then a turn in the track would take us into densely timbered hush. Now a forest of messmate and peppermint, and anon out of that into a dreary stre'ch of boxwood country with nothing but the clear plaintive call of the bell-bird to I reak the monotony. What, however, added to the confusion, drteariness and weary interminableness of the vague jouiney was the new. yet famili r appearance of thle surrounding and distant scenery. Looking this way I saw the horse shoe outline of the Puzzle Ranges, where the mounted troopers lost themselves for days in vain scarch for the Kelly gang, every gulch and serrated peak were like o'd fri. n's turning up suddenly. Then the pacoraima would suddenly be transformed : the snow-clad, lofty summits in the vicinity of \Voad's Point would alternate, and vary into something resembling Mount Macedon and tlhes: again fade away, and we would be toilirg over the Old Man Plain. What could it nit mean ? I had been surfeited by weary travel and adventure in my young days, and why now send a man of my age and weight on stlch a journey and utinder such circumstances? \\\'hat wa-.s the hidden importance of my mrs'ion ? If I had only known that much it swoul have added to my interest in the proceelings. Still we went on. ooutld the endless, aimless journey never come to a finish ? Darkness, anti we halted in front of a small slab-hut on a hillside. There had been an attempt to make a garden, but the plot could hardly be seen, tall ghost-like gu?ns surrounded it on every side, and tie moan of the wind through their branches did not tend to enliven mtaters. After what, in the state of my feelings, appeared a harsh and uncalled for delay, the door of the but was cautiously opened, andi by the glimmer of a solitary candle on the rough table inside, I recognised and was startled at the face. an 1 its grave expres-inn of one of Victoria's political leaders. There was the semblance of a nod anti glance of recognttton as tie said " Vou till rematn hcrc in readiness to start back at day-dawn," and abruptly left me alone. Again came the thought what does it all mean and what m)s'cry does that official envelope contain? Time soon began to drag far m ,re hI-ai'y than it di on the long lonesome journey. The room was small and cheerless, a few prints from illus trated papers, ev.dently stuck by someh female hand,adorned the wall;. A clock over tile fire place kept up its tiresome tick, tick, and at each hour made a weak effort t 1 strike, but it ended in a sort of wheezy humt wh:ch ladded to the cheerlessness. I was tiredl, hlngry, thirsty and by no means in an an:i tile mou I. W\ouli day never come so tha' I ci l.l get away from that wretched clock with i:s consumptive tick and hourly buz? At last there wasa faint hum of voices ouatide, and th: w :lome sound of a horse's hoofs. The politician wheo had ushered me into the den entered with a care worn look and handing m-.a picket said "' A ride of twenty three miies; acr.,ss the ranges will briog you to a hou.e within a ilic of the railway station. Leave the liore there and go straight on to 3felbourne. iYou know the route across the Wounmba. ' I went out with out replying and saw a tt in holding a horse, while a boy stood near with a green cotton umbrella and an old rusty spur. What a funny ot!lit it was to be sure. The animal, a bright bay. filly sixteen and a half hands high, secme I to be all hind legs, as the rear part of its anitorly was fully a toot higher than the withers. Th "n, as to tail, it was more like that of a M ns cat. HIowever was I to ride down hill on ss ih a.dismally construlcted gee-ge:, but there was no time to luse. After much troutble andl ierlturbation of spirit I gradually scramb'cd atmidships on the outside of the brute ; the man held its head while the boy fied the spar on my right heel would it had stu k there-handed me the Sairey-Gamip tubrella, and I was off at the most unique pace ever mortal rider exlperi enced. Somehow th: spur would not keep in position, but turned inwards at right angles with my nag. and as I strove to harg on the rowel got imb:dded in his side. This int. parted a double action to his gait, and he proceedled forwards an-I sideways at the same ratio of speed, and rather puzzled tme as to our exact position on this earth's surface. I brought the umbrella (rigged stick would better describe it) into action in ordesr to straighten the course and expi di e the pace to make up for leeway, when to my amazement I found myself, horse and all, in the yards attached to a large sheepwash. \itlhoat an instant's consideration the brute jumped into the water, under the spars, and I clutched at my packet and swallowed enough water to d t for the remainder of my ratural' life. The animal, however, was strangely anti wonderfully mide ; he crossed the lageon like a duck, clambered up a flight of stairs, through a drafting race with a swing-gate at each end, and quickly brought me out dripping within s'ght of the 'house a mile fro.n the railway station." When I pliled upt at tile door - - was waiting near Majorca, as if exp:ctiag me, and as he saluted, the shrill whistle of a lI cmotive in the distance rang out. lie started, and said :-" You will not have time to walk from here; better ride on to the statiosi. I will send the boy along to brilng the tirse back. Say, will yonl have a 'nip' :elore you start ?" "i Rather,' I replied eagerly, and lie dis appeared, returning with a glass anl decanter of what lie lovingly called "'Ten y'ar oli Scotch, that will make your hair curl." At another istme I slhoulM have resented thie latter part of his remnark, as I have no hair to curl, but I hald nreither time nor inzlination to climt down the outside of that wonderful animal just then. "Take water or tiilk with it ?" he kindly asked, as he poutred me out a real. fill. tirst matie's allowanae. " Milk." I replied laconically, thiaking of the water I had gulfed swimming through the sliIepwIash. Jutst as lte was returning with a britmming jug of warm sweet mtilk, I awoke, and gazed about me in a sort of dumbfounded way. Then I mtade a mental vow that raither than lose a drink like the onte It" poured out for rse, I would here after take my wh'sky neat, even in my dream'. Addenda.--Same of my readers may, in their scolfing agnosicismt, sarcastically -observe that I must have heen afiliated with jim jams, or an overJiose of sod.len Xmas pudding, and sitmply betr, ic a isw ndt-galled, br.ken-kneed, spavnied oil nigbtm:re. As I put it on r:sord that the o:curence look place two clear Id'ys before Clhrstmas and itssolidgorges, I cln alford to calmly smile'at their unbelief. 