I TH:B I CONGREGATION IN CHURCH. i A Ritualistic Makuab. 1 VIII. H Our examination of tbe first of the R "Six Points" of the ritualists — the.East- g Ward Position, amply verified the; H judgment;. of ( the Bishop of Oxford,Dr. H Wilberforce, — himself a high Churchman "that " the characteristic of all that is nomanist and Romanesque is evasion." B In now briefly reviewing the " point " of I jKe. " Vestments," we find the very same I hind of treatment characterising the some B school. " The Apostolic Constilviions, a hook believed by many to have been written by the Ajiostles themselves, tell Us that an eucharistic vestment was in use in the earliest days of the church." This is a specimen of the method of f the school. No reference is. given by which '""'I 1,1 I we might test the strange assertion : and then the writer knowing quite well that the Apostolic Constitutions , is not believed by any one who knows anything about it, to have been written by the Apostles themselves, and is of no more authority or credibility than the Seven Champions of Christendom, or Jack the Giant Killer, yet coolly insinuates of it, " a book believed by many to have been written by the Apostles themselves." He does not say he believes it himself: and we do not know of any writer who would say so. But, all the same, he makes the fable do duty for acknowledged fact. If, as he says, " many " believe it, they must be sought for among those who have not read or examined. Then the method of quoting Scripture is just the same here as in the other "point." Let our readers judge. S. Paul in his second letter to Timothy whom he expected at Rome (ii. Timothy iv. 13,) begs him to bring with him the cloke which had been left behind by him at Troas. This " cloke " is asserted to be a vestment, a chasuble, in fact. " It is," we are informed, " generally believed." Why, no one ever believed anything so monstrous, or thought of it, until such men as Archdeacon Denison of Taunton, evolved it out of their ritualistic brain, as a good idea for the party. Generally believed ! Evasion and dishonesty every where. He quotes the Rev. W. J; E. Bennett, one of tbe coryphaei of the i sect, that the " clergy appear before us in the original apostolic dress, very probably it was the very dress, which our Lord himself wore." We are not informed which of the vestments, is meant when this dress is mentioned. But if the Anglican priests, copying those of Rome, wear the same dress which the . Apostles wore, and which Christ wore, what can be the meaning of the note in the preced ing page (55). " The Eastern vestments are very picturesque, and probably re semble, those of primitive times much more; closely, than ours." If" ours " are the very vestments worn by Christ and the Apostles, how can the Eastern vest ments " much more closely " resemble them? But let any unsophisticated person consider this claim for . a moment. St. /Peter and St. John, were fishermen, and wore the dress of fishermen. On one occasion one : of them " girt his fisher's nr\n4- nvtfn Kim Ka lira a nalr«an-,,V'' Qf. UUWV UJ.LU, AWJ. , KJV, Luke was a medical man:; and his' clothes were necessarily those usual with: his profession. St. Paul. worked night: and day with his .hand's, at tent making. It-is absurd to suppose that suck a gewgaw as a modern chasuble was ever commonly worn by any of them ; and there is not a ghost of an allusion to, their use in the prayer, or the communion. In all that is said about vestments, it is taught: that they are so important that. they are like matters of faith, significant of a standing or fall- ; ing: Church;; indeed' that is the; potision taken up by all the party ; even their I ministers, as we have already shown, pre-, ferring.that there" should be no communion . at all, ratheri than > It -.should be adminis tered in an ordinary surplice,; such as the canon expressly orders. The ecclesias- ; tical Court - of i Arches explicitly condemns those veBtmenlsi asi illegal ana forbidden by the:: Church\ of- England ; the High Court of Appeal confirmed that decision ; and. it is only .by breaking ,of the; law, and incurring penalties for -contumacy, that any parson can use them. And indeed, had. there been no such legal decisions, a -JJlUlll IlUilDOU 111 U LI UllgUli W vil uOlij 11 tJULU dresses were so necessary, how the Church of England did without them so long- — from the Reformation until just lately,: and worked away quite well — all schools; equally contented with the surplice and; academical hood: the very thing which i Mr. Stanton and Mr. Maconochie so, scorned, that they could not administer the; sacrament in them, and let the people go. without any. Our writer himself informs us " The first Church in England to ; revive the use of the vestments in recent times . was St. Thomas, the Martyr, Oxford, in. 1853, during the incumbency; of . Mr; Chamberlain, its present vicar." "Was the efficacy - of the sacrament less then, during those 250 years and more, than if the clergy had worn chasubles, albs, tunicles, and the rest ? If not, what is the meaning of all the fuss about these garments ? Leave it to girls to take anxious thought for what they shall put on. We recommend any one at all leaning to suppose a sacred origin for these vestments, tracing them up to the Lord and His Apostles, to read " Christian Institutions " by the late Dean Stanley. He takes the trouble to analyse all those vestments in detail. Everybody must acknowledge him to be competent to the task. This ritualistic manual indeed acknowledges that which the Dean illustrates at length, namely, that the vestments were originally nothing more than the ordinary everyday clothes of the men of the day — mostly of the poorer classes, and not the garments of the priests in thetemple worship. The garmentsof the priests were not those of the laity, but were specially ordered by a pattern given to Moses by God, like every other minute part of the tabernacle and its services. No one pretends that the vestments were so given. They are tbe working man b dress of tbe age in which they originated. It will be well for us to select a few of the dresses in their origin according to Dr. Stanley. The inner garb, if we strip the ancient Roman to his shirt, was called in Latin, tunica , a woollen vest, which sometimes had another fitting close to the skin, called in the case of soldiers, camisia. It is this Bame which under the name of chemise has gradually superseded the others, and which has been perpetuated in ecclesiastical phraseology under another synonym derived from its white colour, and hence it came to be called an Alb. This is the dress which became appropriated specially to the deacon. He, as the worJcing man of the clergy, officiated in his shirt sleeves — (we are following Dr. Stanley.) The cape — capa, was simply an over coat with a hood, called also pluviale, or waterproof. The stole, is described by Stanley as a simple handkerchief- for blowing the nose, or wiping the sweat from the face. The chasuble which is of all others the Eucharistic vestment in modern revivals, really originated in slang, — at- least the name so originated. A certain long overall with a hood was called caracalla, afterwards cassaca— . cassock ; it was called in Greek amphi- lalus , and by some confusion in the persecution of St: Alban— it gave name 4ft ' n r» mvtnn-rr nnin < J' QKA m r\li?Knlll CI " vyj mu iiuugiiiui jr oaiLiu uu o,ni|jmuamo» i.e., St. Cassock. It was the same kind of dress that was called , in the slang of the Italian labourers-— casula— this is the Ouasuble — the vestment of vestments. The labourers used to call it " their little house." These are thy gods 0 Israel ! Our writer never mentions St. Martin, Apostle of the Gauls, and the first bishop of Tours, who, when ho officiated, wore simply a sheepskin, a woolly coat with do surplice over it, without sleeves; and consecrated the.Eucharistic elements with bare arms/ which came through the sheepskin, like those of the sturdy ; deacons; who had brandished their sinewy arms out of the holes or their eollobion. Here is antiquity and Catholicity for our highflyers, when we hear of their blowing; their noses in their stoles, we shall think of their claim to- sanctity of vesture. 