Thursday. " News of the Churches. BAPTIST, The Anniversary sermons in connection with the •Semaphore Baptist church were held on Sunday last «rhen sermons were preached by Rev. W. V. Smith. Tea and public meetings were held on Tuesday and •were well attended. Mr. A. W. Meeks presided and speeches were made by the Revs. A. E. Green (pastor) H. J. Lambert, and G. E. Rowe. The reports were enconraging and indicated progress in all departments of -churcn work. The income was stated to be £352, leaving a debit balance of £83. There had been 54 additions to the membership, which now stands at 132. There were in the Sunday-school 310 scholars and 35 tcachers. A small newspaper, T/tc Semaphore Sentinel, •was published and 1,1(>0 tracts were in circulation. Mies Mel lor was presented with a go Id watch in recog nition of her services as organist. The anniversary services in connection with the Baptist Church, Stockport, were conducted on Sunday, February 26, by the Rev. M. Morris, of Kapunda, who preached twosermons. On Monday, 27th, tea and public meetings were held, both of which were well attended, Mr. Robert Kelly. J. P., in the chqir. The Treasurer^ report showed that, on the whole year's transactions there was a' credit balance. The choir san" five pieces during the evening. A short time ago the'pastor (Rev. T. Dowding) had an invitation to take the pastorate of the Goodwood Church, but the feeling; was so strong for his remaining at Stockport, that he declined the offer. BIBLE CHRISTIAN. Qu Sunday, 19th February, harvest thanksgiving services were held in the Noonta Bible Christian <sborch. The building was suitably, decorated. The preachers were the Revs. A. W. Potts, J. Goodwin, and 4 T. Piper. ' "The anniversary of the Bible Christian church, ifarridy.was held on February 19. Rev. W. W. Finch conducted services afternoon and evening.^ On. the 4ay following, the public tea was numerously attended. Addresses were given in the evening by the Bevs. T.E. .Saea and W. W. Finch. Proceeds Harvest thanksgiving services were held in the Bible Christian Ohurcli, Gladstone, on Sunday last. Three services were conducted by the Rev. T, J5. Keen, of ^Crystal Brook. On Tuesday following a public meeting "was presided over by Mr. James Greig, aud addressed H^r the Revs. T. E, l&en; and W. \V. Fiucb, followed by \- Proceeifa'je'ia.-,. The 37th anniversary of the BowJen JJiblc Christian Ohitrch was held on Sunday and Monday last; The , .f^chere on Sunday were the Revs. Jno, Thome, C. '"Ximic and O'Lake. At the public meeting dn Monday " v firi "B. M 6onld 'presided, Mr; J'..Ashton' presented the ^Snahcial Btatcmeut; which showed that,the receipts frtfci alt sources had. been J&&75\. The Pastor Hey, tFlj&ke; stated thai the church members numbered 100 /•^iSisiiia^^ Society, Addresse? J MntK^Mi^^^Mv'^'feireral 1 - ministers' iand others,T" • The , The Bible Christian' Conference assembled at Young-' street church on Wednesday, when a Toll number, of repreaentativfes were present from the various circuits. The Rev. W. W. Finch, who was looked upon as the coming president, having intimated his inability to accept the office, the R?v. T. McNeil was elected by a large majority, the Rev. J. Raymont xvas elected Secretary, and the Revs. T. E. Keen and F. Bullock journal and duplicate Secretaries respectively. Mr. McNeil is the first South Australian born minister who. has occupied the chair of this' conference. The Rev. John Thorne, the retiring president, who was awarded a vote of thanks, said that owing to the lack of men they had been unable to undertake aggressive work. He was thankful also that their numbers bad been sustained. We hope to present a full report of this conference next week. The anniversary of the Auburn church was held on Sunday, February 12. Three sermons were preached by the Rev. W. T. Penrose, of Snowtown. On the the following Wednesday the usual tea and public meetings were held, and addresses given by the Revs. Collings, Goss and Raymont. On the previous Saturday a cake fair and sale of gifts was held in the Institute Hall on behalf of the church debt. The proceeds of this, with that of a previous cake fair, held a few months ago, and special donations has enabled the trustees to pay off £203 of the church debt. The total debt on the church, schoolroom and parsonage now stands at £215. CONGEKGATIOXAL. The Bev. W. Jones, of Gawler, preached anniversary sermons for the Salisbury Congregationalistson Sunday last.. The Institute Hall was used in the evening. Many of the other Churches were closed. On Monday, after a tea meeting, the Rev. J. C. Kirby give a lecture —" Some Homely Thoughts Upon Matrimony—which was well received by a large audience. An efficient choir rendered good service. PHESBRREEIAN. Harvest thanksgiving services were held in connection with the Presbyterian churches at Kybuuga, Woodlands. and Bl.yth on Sabbath, February 19, when the Piev. T. W. Smvthe preached appropriate sermons to large congregations. The churches were pleasingly decorated with mottoes, wheat, fruit and flowers. On the following Wednesday a united picnic was held on the grounds of R. Roberts, Esq. The attendance was large and the arrangements proved satisfactory. Fruit and fancy stalls with athletic sports added to the iuterest of the occasion. The proceeds were almost £28. PRIMITIVE METHODIST. The anniversary of the Gawler Primitive Methodist Sunday-school was hsld on 19th and 20th February. The Rev. S. Wellington .preached the sermons. On Monday Mr. R. Marsh presided at the public meeting, when several specchts were made and hymns l'rom Golden Songs were sung by the children. The report stated that there were G5*selio'ar3 in the school and 134 volumes in the library. During the last three weeks, says a Correspondent, a very blessed series of evangelistic services have been conducted in the Mount Barker Primitive Methodist Chapel, by Msssre. W. aud G. Carter, at which the presence and power of the Holy Ghost has been felt by all attenders, and many souls have turned from sin unto God, and are now enpying fall salvation. Believers, too, have quickened and drawn nearer to Him. On Sunday last these brethren began a mission at Mount Barker, and had a foretaste of the great blessing which we believe God is about to pour down upon us. Let all the Lord's people who may' read this remember the work in their prayers. BREVITIES^ Harvest thanksgiving services in connection with the Springfield Bible Christian Church were beld on 19th and 22nd February. The Rev. F. Bullock, the pastor, was the preacher. A tea and entertainment was held on the Tuesday. The proceeds were JB18. District tea and public meetings were held in the Primitive Methodist church, Parkside on Monday even ing last, which were well attended and interesting. A number of ministers gave addresses. A social meeting was held in the Wesleyan Church, Gawler, to bid farewell to Rev. R. S. Cascly, who is removing to Port Adelaide, and to Mr. Drakard who is leaving to take an appointment in Sydney. The Rev. M. Couch wool and M. Williams were duly ordained by Bishop Kennion last week at St. Peter's Cathedral. Harvest thanksgiving services have been held in the Congregational churches at Hindmarsh Square, North Adelaide and Medindie, also in the Flinders-street Presbyterian and I'arkside Baptist churches. 