Death in a Golden Shaft. BY B. L. FARJEON. Among my few friends and many acquain tances on the goldfields was a man of the name of Rick Paterson. My impression was that the name was assumed, and that he hacppassed through aomn kind of troublo at home in the old country. In thoso days England was always spoken of by the gold minors as 11 hcino " and 11 the old country,” and always in tones of affection. I liked Rick Paterson, and ho liked ine. I was a youngster then, almost a boy, and I think ho was drawn to me bocauBe I was the possessor of a few books—Shakespeare, Ossian, Shelley, Pope, and others. His ago, I should judge, would be between thirty and thirty-five, and it was evident that ho had moved in good society in England. Wo all looked upon him as a bit a swell, though ho was the last man in the world to give himself airs. It is necessary to mention that at that time I was what was called “a gentleman gold digger.” Young as I was, I liad made a little money, and was spending it in pros pecting for a golden reef. I employed two men, one of whom, Tom, a Welshman, I in troduced into my first novel, “ Grif.” We lived, of course, in tents, and a jolly life it was. My money was vanishing quiokly, but that gave me no concern. I was young ; I was bubbling ovor with ani mal spirits; I was confident of the futuro. No doubts and fears, springing from faint heartedness, oppressed me. I was leading a life of freedom and adventure in a new and wonderful world. My tent was pitched on tho top of a range, where my men and I were following into the bowels of the earth a “ spur,” in which, when we first spotted it, we found a spack or two of gold. This “spur,” which was about the thickness of Welsh Tom’s lit tlo linger (he was an enormous man, and strong as Samson), was to lend us to tho main reef, say, as a matter cf pleasant specu lation, eight feot thick, and running twenty ounces of gold to the ton. I used to conjure up visions of monster cakes of gold cooling in immense retorts, all the colors of the rainbow playing on their surfaces. By the side of tne furnace in .which the gold had been smelted were pails of quicksilver, which had fallen therein from the long pipes of the retorts, in showers of silver atari. There was not only freedom on the gold fiolds, not only adventure—there was ro mance, there was fairyland. For these won drous rainbow colors playing like living spirits upon the surfaces of great cakes of molten gold, these showers of silver stars, dropping from a height into clear water, were veritable—to those who were lucky enough to discover a quartz reef eight feet thick, crushing an average of twonty ounces of gold to the ton. Such things happened, and to men who have been navvies and bricklayers in tho old country. It fell to my Bhare to dream cf them ; but I was happy enough. Rick Paterson’s tent was pitched in the gully. Sometimes, of an evening, I would go down to him ; sometimes he would come up to me {sometimes we met on the way. 1 think to enjoyed the hours wo spent together ; I know I did, We chatted upon all manner of sub jects, and he learnt from me everything con cerning my private life which was worth the telling ; of his own private concerns he never ipoko until the evening he came to wish me good-bye. The overland mail was inland he had received letters at the post office. One of these letters contained a draft for one thousand pounds. “ I muBt go to Melbourne to get it cashed,” he said, “ An agreeable surprise to receive a draft for a thousand pounds, eh, young Yes,” I said, smiling { “shouldn’t mind one myself,” “Ihope you will never have'a like ex perience,” he Baid gloomily. I looked at him in wonder. “ The money is mine,” he continued, “ but mip is flung at me, and the letter containing it conveys the sweetest news, I am not a saint—I know that well enough—but I am not a scoundrel either. 1 have been my own enemy chiefly, but I thought there was one who would have stuck to me. When I bade her good-bye sbe wept a river of tears. * I will be true to you,’ sbe said, ‘ to the last hour of my life,’ I believed her, and I turned my back upon Old England in the hope that I would return one day tin! make her my wife, I had got into scrapes, and a i large sum of money was necessary to clear mo. Till that was done I could not settle down } her people would not hear of it. Well, my scheme was to come here to the gold-fields and shovel out the gold. But luck has been againat me, so to carry out an idea of mine I sent home for money. Here it is, and with it the news that, if I still wished to mnrry the faithful woman, I shall have to wait till she is either divorced or a widow. I shall have my revenge, though. 1 am haunted by a dream of gold, and there arc more unlikely things than that it will come true. I shall hit upon .a golden reef that will be the wonder of the world. I’ve dreamt it, young *un, Then I’ll go back to England, and my money shall be wormwood to her people ; they worship it, and so does Bhe, What do you say to coming prospecting with me?” “No,” I said; “I shall stick to my reef here. Don’t you intend to return to the gully ?" “ What’s the use ?” he replied. “ Half a pennyweight to the tub will scarcely yay for tobacoo. No, I shall go and find my reof, nnd when I do you shall hear from me. If ever you get back to the old country look me up. Here’s the address of a legal firm In London ; they’ll tell you where to find me. I’m sorry to part with you, young ’un." “ Not so sorry as I am,” I said. “ 1 shan’t know what to do with myself of an even We stopped up late talking. It was a most lovely night, and we stroll*1'! about the range, opening our hearts to each other. From the height upon which we stood we saw the lights of the distant township and the gleam ing white tents of the gold-diggers. It was with genuine sorrow I bnde him good-bye, I had hopes that he would write to mo from Melbourne, but I did not hear anything of him, I can say with truth that I felt keenly the void which his departure caused. But the active life 1 led kept me from brood ing upon it, Welsh Tom and the other man I employed, whose name I forget, and I fol lowed the spur deep and deviously into the dark caverns of the range, always buoyed up by the hope of comiug upon the golden reef for which we were prospecting. A nice dance that spur led us ; and at last we lost it altogether. Wo were a hundred nnd thirty feet down, digging through a bed of iron sandstone, which played the very deuce with gads and picks, and consumed no end of gun powder, and then it was that Welsh Tom ad vised mo to give up the hunt. Then it was, also, that Tom told me r- piece of news about Rick Paterson, I heard in the township,” said Tom, “ that Rick and Loo Rivers ore prospecting together.” I opened my eyes at this. Loo Rivers, who had been working in tho gully close to Rick Paterfon’a claim, was the last man I should have thought my friend would have chumbed with—a low-bred, quarrelsome fellow, and my particular aversion. “ I want to come across Loo,” said WoIbIi Tom. “I’ll take my oath he stole that short handled pick of mine the day before he made tracks for another diggings. I’ll make it warm for him if I catch him.” We fell to talking about the reef in the vain hunt for which I had spent so much money,'and I said-wo would work for another four weeks, and if wo Baw no indication# wo would turn it up. That U what we did at the end, not of four, but of eight weeks. I “ What shall you do, Torn V* I asked, “ I shall go to Ararat,” said he. " I’ve been thinking of it a long time. There are golden reefs in the ranges thereabouts.” It was the common dream—the golden reef) eight feet thick, averaging twenty oime« to the ton. 1 doubt if there was a miner in all Australasia who was not bit by that seductive serpent, j Will you take me as a mate, Tom?” I : The reason why I did not propose that we should remain on the old terms of mnster and man was that my funds were running low. I had barely eighty pounds left, and this I offered to throw into the venturo. Welsh Tom could have eaved much more than that in my service had it not been that hb went on periodical Bprces, during which he got gloriously drunk, to the last shilling be possessed. It happened, however, that he hhd not indulged in one of these sprees for the last two or three months, and that ho could call himself master of some twenty torn and tattered one pound notes. My eighty pounds against his twenty would equalise for a little while the disparity in our physical powers. But I am sure^ he did nbt consider that; he held out his great horny hand, and the bargain was struck. The next morning we started for Ararat, . It wai not Tom’s intention to pitch our tent where diggers moat did congregate. He had hia eye on a rango of hills which ho had crossed some three years ago, and thither we directed our steps. We walked for two days without seeing a human being but ourselves, and then Tom said “ Here wo are.” , It was a wonderful range of hills, and literally strewn with quartz. My heart beat fast at the prospect, and after the fashion of gold-diggers I commenced at once chipping and breaking the stone and looking for gold. I came acrois a speck here and there, but Tom would not allow mo to linger long. Pointing to the highest rango within view, he said it was there wo would put up our tent. It was evening when wo reached the indicated spot, and then Welsh Tom, clutch ing my iboulder, said—• “I'm damned if somebody hasn't been hero before us 1” Sure enough there was a shaft which had been sunk, and from the earth piled around it wo judged it could not be less than a hun dred feet deep. “ They’ve been at work quite lately,” raid Tom, examining the indications. 11 We’ll see what’s at the bottom. But first I must go and get a windlass.” He assisted me to put up our twelve by eight canvas tent, and then be started oif alone, raying ho would be back on the third day, 1 was quite content to bo left there by myself, and I pegged out a claim, sixty-four feet square, ond employed myself during Tom's absence in ramblingover the hills and chipping quartz for gold. On the the third day Tom returned, and by that time I had convinced myself that there was more than one rich golden reef waiting there to be unmasked. Tom brought a windlass, .rope, and buckets with him, and the Hour and meat as well. The meat consisted of half a sheep, for which ho had paid three shillings. Early next morning the windlass was rigged, and the rope fastened on it, with the bucket attached to the end. I stepped into it, and holding the rope with my loft band, I gave the signal to lower down. In my right hand I had a lighted candle, Down, down I went, and landed at a depth of about a hundred feet. But within a minute of my taking my foot out of the bucket 1 gave the singnal to be hoisted up again. When I reached heaven’s light I was as white no a ghost and trembling like a leaf, “What’s the matter?" asked Tom. “ Tom,” I said, “ there’s the body of a dead man at the bottom of the shaft,” “ What’s to be done ?’’ asked Tom. “1 don’t know,” 1 replied, “ 1 don’t dare to go down again," “ You couldn't lower me, 1 suppose ?” ho I looked at him—a great boned man, over six feet in height. “1 couldn't trust myself, “ All right," he said, He lowered the rope and bucket, and then, by some mean?, made the upper end of the rope fast to the windlass, “ Be ready to give me a hand if I want it,” he said, “and see that the rope doesn’t slip. Keep tight hold of the baudle of tho wind lie swung himself into the chasm, and hand under hand let himself down. I was in great fear for him. A slip, a frail strand in the rope, and he was a lost man. But he reached the bottom in safety, and remained there some time. When lu’s work below was finished he raised himself to the top, and 1 gave a great sigh of relief at his u Well, Tom 1" I said, “ It’s true enough,” ho replied, “There’s a dead man at the bottom, and I’ve made him fast to the bucket, What's more, he’s been murdered,” “ Murdered 1" I cried, “ Nothing short of it, A pick driven clean into his skull, and with such force that the point of it got fixed in the stone. It was as much as I could do to get the pick out and release the body. It must have been a planned thing," “ How' do you know that, Tom ?” “ Well, the two men being below, one of them to be murdered, the d-d villain must have made his preparations to get up again after he’d killed his mate. There was no oue to pull him up, aud he mu it have fastened the rope to the windlass, as I did, and got up and down that way,” All the while he was talking ho was at work unfastening the rope which he had firmly secured, and he now began to haul up the body of the dead man. “ There’s something more yet,” said Tom, “ What ?” Tho men, whoever they were, were pros pecting for a reef. Down a hundred feet, and no trace of oue. Now if the murderer had waited another day-” “Well, Tom V . “ There would have been no murder done, that’s all. The pick with which ha killed his mate was fixed so tight in the side of the shaft that I had a job to get it out, as I told you. 1 daresay the murderer tried to get it away, but couldn’t. Now, when I did get the pick free, 1 found it had been driven into a mass of quartz, and that the ssme blow which killed a man opened out a golden reof. Look here I" He rested from hia labour, and showed me some pieces of quartz with lumps of | gold sticking in them. At first my eyes glistened at the sight, but the next moment a shudder rau through me at the thought of the discovery under Buch circumstances. “ Careful, careful, now,” raid Welsh Tom, ns the blocdy burden came into view, I assisted to Bteer it out of the death chasm, and there it lay upon the surface of the hill, with lumps of golden quartz all around it; “ He hasn’t been long dead," said Welsh Torn. “ Not two days, I should eay,” “All tho more chanca of catching tho murderer,” I said, as I stooped over the dead bedy. My blood ran cold as I gazed at tho ghastly face, “My God 1” I cried, “It’s Kick Paterson I" “Sure enough,” Eaid Welsh Tom; “and the man who murdered him is Loo Eivera. Here’s the pick he stole from me, I could gwtur to it, because of the 4 T,’ cut into the handle, I did it myself. He shall swing for it, as there’s a God in Heaven 1 Wo must make for the township at once, I don’t like Reaving tho claim, but nobody knowB we're hero, And it will he safe onough for a fow days, till we return. Lot ub start at once 5 there's not a minute to lose.” Wrapping up the horrible burden as well as we could, wo mado our way to the town ship, some forty-eight miles off, and there, as luck would hnvo it, almost tbo first man wo met was Loo Rivers. Before he had time to speak Welsh Tom eoized him, and held him as in a vice. I could spin the story out, but I will content myself with saying that justice was done upon the villain Rivers, He died by the hangman’sj'opo. The business kept us in the township for some days, and then, wo returned to the claim in which wo expected to make our fortunes. Our hopes were dashed to the ground. There wns a goldfields law that, if for a certain number of hours no work was done on a claim, it became the property of any person who chose to take possession of it. This process of taking possession of a claim was termed “jumping.” Well, during our absence our claim had been “jumped,” and when we got back to it we found fonr Cornish miners hauling up golden quartz, It was hard lines, but there was no help for it, Tho law wa3 on their side. The reef that was discovered in tho shaft in which Rick Paten on was foully murdered turned out to be one of the richest in Australia, I have often wandered whether Rick Paterson’s people at homo ever learnt what became of hira. 