-Wovelist. tie Repent ance; OB, WHITE HAND. 514ItY A. BEX1SOX. CHAPTER XVI. AT AI.U2KB0CGI/S. Jw little dariin?," her uncle said. Ulitllfl darling." uched herself onl of his arms.i r,'rh8 6poke' witb a flort of stem I won't have .this," lie presently " Dotty, what has Lard Dannia ftjring to you f" jpg," she made qniet reply; " noth ■st that's harm," she added, half Hbeard what yon said, Dotty." a grief and pain ia hiB voice, r thought of this, so help me j he continued, almost passion- j pood silent, never moving bo much < W or hand. nu&t; see about It," he said again, *y 6tern tones. 111 have no tri Sncle, there's nothing," gasped the ire s nothing at alL If there was— j I my fault, ^ He did nothing, only : *'M ^—m if—" she gave one great ^ was his daughter. He's—he's its older than I." i |I know that ; and that's why I ^ niore precaution. By heaven, men »ols!" . pBcle don't talk so f" P 1 feel like shooting him. Here for i wo months I've been trusting him |beoause his father was good to me, , So he was an honorable man as bat this Lord Danniston, curse j arma were about lib neck, for he with passion. Naturally a very j », prone to restraining his emotions, i lid give loose to feeling, it was with J □oaity of a stream long kept within ~ And he felt that there was no raia g∨ ^little Dofcty's heart-cry, and pwelf for allowing such unrestrained • *ee, . thought,'1 he said to himself again i " I thought Walter DunnUton's j honorable man." |}Dotty, you prayed that he might .fce shall,-" he eaid, after a brief noh was a foolish thing to eay. er plan is generally to say as little j and do as moeh. t X—I don't think you understood Mid, beginning with great eager t lie took her two hands and forced ; at him. j b turned scarlet; then her head felL burst into tears; . little one," mtirmured her uncle, "t xf he would like to cry himself, story of the wolfwand the lamb, he added, " if yon go on this II tarn him oat at once, neck and Jton't be so eilly as to cry." ! jv®ofc e-silly—I'm n-nervous was I ^ in the midst of her sobs. f well—we'll have ^bod times in spite , B said. " When we ure alone again, j s.God we will be. I'll get ready for a l^and take you abroad. I'm tired of j lirt then we'll forget all our troubles, dded her head in aesent against his er." , Ijee such man think nothing of com a—Hnn't even know when they give ! And you are so yotrag—snch b I oliah little ohidk—never having seen id I wiih they were all with his in .iijauty)," he added, in an undertone, 5, eorae,cheernp—don't make old nnele arable, for yon know he has chick nor oboiy bat you—nobody but hia little uncle," cried Dotty, in a subdued ' and you are the best ancle ia the and I love you dearly. There now, i your little girl again, and we'll have neh goal times," she added, dolor p* We'll always keep house together, ' e, and I'll be wife, and daughter, and j ag. Oh, yes, we'll bs very—very— irord seemed almost to ehoka her, bat j 1 it bravely, and the old Bolioitor I her to his heart, inwardly hoping; * wound was not very deep, and that; *rt ot it would not last long enough to sr miserable. P.very night ha opened the subject to on» * didn't think," began the latter, In . afosion, " that I—" •Uto'4 yoa, Dannisfon—it's—it's the fa thinking of. She's never seen eo-m |he'« an innocent, sensitive little Mt for all the vorld like her mother, > a genius as well as well born, and Id for her. Perhaps yon ander tpb, Bencher, and I'll go away to roor Sbe'd a sweet little thing, an 3 quite fit i mate ol a better and a prouder man Upon my honor, I like her, and my (fit as innocent at if she were my own I told har so. If I were free,", he §3—" bat why do I say that ? I hope $ji#od man may iflnd yonr little pearl; i|( great price—ia my eyes." - wi^traih to tell, then was some heart In > he eaid, and though he was a vamman, (tthaUowrosp, he did feel sincerely E r^when from sabseqaeat observation be he mighthkTfdonel It was a regretful leave-taking', and Dotty , for a slip.of a girl o&ly; sixteen, showed so muoh dignity of oharaoter, that no one would have guessed how Dear the surface her feelings lay. ' The journey toLondon was an uneventful one. The eaaie scenes that he had often been whirled past by the game rapid transit. A dozing traveller in one corner, a light-hearted ; ycmng girl in the other, whose ejes he often | met. A ehort rest in London at an inn—he had no baggage to care for—\ few calls on a ; few acquaintances in chambers, from whom he received the heartiest congratulations, a vUit to his node's Eo'.icitor, from whom he learned the good news that five hundred a year went with the title, his node having relented toward the close of his life*. Hall a loaf's better than no bread," he said to himself, his heart beating with gjrtt filiation at the thought that he was notppe niless; "but then what's five hundred at Alderboughs? He might just as easfly have made it five thousand, with his^normous income." Alderbougha was only ten-miles by rail from the heart of L5ndoq^t»ut having the chance to purchase a coMoz a small sum, he preferred to travel leiffcxdy, stopping ashe pleased on the way .j£ He experienceiinrangely mixed emotions as he ionmpp^n toward his future home. Thejy^ijf^Hehad striven to banish, and at t?mes had partially succeeded. Sometimes in dreams the most painful of his experiences were'acted over again, and he thought aB ten dorly as he dared of the beautiful girl who had been so willing to make her heme with him, who he believed had loved him for him self alone. He believed her dead. He thought he saw her go down under his very eyes, and he turned his fanoies again toward the queenly Isoline Hunter. "Now," he said to himself, " I will write her, and tell her I had it from Miss Laura's own lipB that the letter was a forgery. No, cn second thought, I won't do that; poor L&nra; was her friend. I wont inform against the dead; there'll be other ways, and now that I have a title, why, I fancy she'll be quite willing to take my word." At every tavern be ordered lights for the night. Though a sound sleeper, thanks to good digestion and perfect bodily health, yet there was on him a eonstant weight of appre hension. He dreaded that he might awaken, and then, for ccrtain reasons, the night was a terror to him. He was very quiet and sub dued. Few people thought him other than a well-to-do commercial man, or a city man, travelling at his leisure. He had lost the am bition to look bis position. Before he was a lord people generally took him for one. After he came into his title no one called him " my lord," but only "sir." At last he reached the park gates of Alder boughs. The traditional porter's lodge, built of gray Btone, and covered with ivy, was in the usual corner. Old Grant, a gray-headed man, came out without his o&p.; • The magni ficent bead of this man formed a strong con trast to the meagrenesE and ehabbinessof his clothes.. "Lord bless my eoul, Master Dick, if it ba'nt he 1 Well, well, brown a3 a berry, and enough like his ancle to be his eon. Wel come home. Master Dick. Ton gave as all a i bad scare, sure enough, coming over from that foreign country; wc did expeot to be pat oat o' the family, which would be a sore strait to be in to we old nns. Well, I declare —I'm more powerful glad to Bee ye than I can tell." "I'm glad to see you, Grant; but where's Eliza ?" The old man shook his great shook of silver white carls, and .his b'ue eyes greas.. dim. " Gone, Master Dick—gone up to the place she was ripening for ever aense -X first knew her. B'ae didn't live long after the old lord went, and the's buried next to the family vault. You remembers Eliza, my lord ?" " Don't I ? The handsomest woman I ever saw." "Wasn't she now, eh?" asked the old man, smiling, while the tears slid over his red cheeks. " Ah, yoa sly rogue, you've an eye for beauty yet. Well, well, welcome home, Master Dick. You'll find things at sixes and sevens at the old plaoe, I make no doubt." " Are any of the old servants there?" " Oaly two or three. Yoa see the place has been dull like, but it'll brighten np now it's got a master. 13 it you didn't bring a wife along, eh ? Time enough for that I e'poze you'd say. You was always a sly one with the girls, ay, that you was." Dunniston held his head down, a sudden pang shooting straight to his heart. A more thoroughly wretched man never went to take possession of his own than the present L^rd Dannieton, as he rode slowly along the park, every inch* of which was his own pro perty. It was well wooded and watered; the prin cipal trees being ash and elm gave an air of fertility and grace to the landscape. Every thing seemed, however, to wear an aspect of neglect, as the eld lodge-keeper had said. Some of the treec were very much wasted and withered; the grass was high, and in many places trampled upon. As he came in sight of the house it seemed more apd more sur rounded by the signs of desolation. ^ It was a splendid pile of architecture, and as it received on its southern front the direct rays of the son ..now travelling toward its zenith, Dun niston thought he had seldom seen a more glorious building. Biding slowly up to the south front by gently curving road, till he reached tbe top I most terrace, he loosed his reins in front of the massive portals. All was as silent as the ; grave. The doors presented tbe appearance of having been shot ever since the last lord was carried from its threshold. He sat there on his horse looking about him on one of the finest landscapes in all England. Broad and blae, taking its color from tbe sky, tbe Thames rolled by in the distance, while hill apd vale, tree and shrub, with all the delicite colors lent by sunshine, and shadow, and dis tance, spread out before bim jon the right and left his own demesne inolnding a large part of the new. Ha felt the pride of proprietor ship but no geniality, no warmth. There was nobody to welcome him, only solitary rooms to coma to, and ghostly beds and drapery. Presently he heard footsteps. A man m shabby livery came round from one side of the building and etoppod abort at sight of the horse and rider. 41 It ain't ever Lord Dunniston, the new one 1" said tbe man, half to himself. 41 Yes, it is," spoke up Dunniston, promptly, " I was not able to Bend word of my coming, and so here I am. I should like to be let in and have my horse seen to." " Immediately, my lordand the man went off, mattering, feeling that his reiga of free-and-easy proprietorship was over. " I'll cet np the other servant*, my lord. To think of his flaming here without even a valet," be muttered, as he turned |he corner ^Presently there were heard signs of life from within. The ponderous doors were thrown wide open, and a man m very fair habiliments bowed low as Danoiston sprang from Vis borae and entered she lofty hall. How chilling was tbe walcome-bowflold and cheerless the atmosphere 1 The house keeper, a large, pleasant laced snow white cap with broad toll, and a wiufl colored tilk dress thai rattled Wit^every movement, came into the hall from a sidedoor. as be entered. Sjb bowed, and stood as il : awaiting orders. , - ^ "Jshould like som* luncheon, aatd.Dan-; nieton, rather in ^ woman;"and I suppose IehaU findaroom -in readinesa." _ .. m. - __ »• Tbcn'fl one being got w readiness, taj lord," said the housekeeper; "it's only 10 be opened and connect, and fresh linen pot on.. I thinkyon mi^ht go up now, my lord. John, show his lordship the green room to the right in the firat gallery. Old Betsy says yon used to like it when a boy." "YeB, X did. And is old Betsy living, still?" "Oh, no, sir; I were here nine years before the old lord died. He had confidence enough to leave things in my charge," she added, with some pride. " And your name ?" " Mrs. Lselie, air. -at yonr service," she replied, dropping an old fashioned cour tesy. " Well, Mrs. Leslie, I'm very glad to find yon here, and shall be very glad to keep yon, if possible. I am all alone yoa see, and being i^manj^yjpEMBWij 1 ahull-net want. ajgreat^ flhrtfRHrants. Bat I rather think I shouldn't be able to get along without a housekeeper," and he smiled and nodded in his pleasant way, which made Mrs. Leslie feel that her new master was an easy one and a gentle manly one. Presently lunoheon was announced. The diningroom was grand, but cheerless. There were famous squares of color on the walls, there was wonderful panelling, and heavy oaken furniture, oovered with fine crimson morocco. The floor was painted in harmon izing tints, and plenty of rioh rags were spread around. Old Lord Ounoiston had. never liked .ear-' pets, and would not have them in the zooms he need. It is needless to say that the present master felt his Bolitude to be irksome, and yet he did not wish for society. In fact he was becoming slowly-conscious that his old careless self was gone, that his light-heartedness had departed forever, that he waB only the ghost of his former self. 