THE election for tlie : "Gippsland Province takes place on Tuesday next, and it behoves the electors to very seriously consider tlie relative inerits of the two candidates, for v?e notice that a strong effort is being inadei do\vn the line .to create sympathy, for Mr Sergeant f on the ground- that he is a local man, while Mr George Davis only oan claim to aspire., to represent a territoiy, : which the -imaginatira writers proclaim to be played out, and on its last legs ! It is put that the real contest is between SaleVand Warragul, but. it would be Tery, much, nearer:: the truth if it were represented that; it -was be.' tween Warragul and between Gippsland prqper, of wluch Mr Davis lias been a resident for many years;.and in. which ..lie. holds large interests. Of course -it ,is absurd and . untrue to affect to believe that North • Gippsland and South Gippsland too liave Been their best days, for the rapid and surprising increase in the value of property in the one, and the wonderful! increase of population m -the other, whole areas being peopled as if by the touch of a magician's hand, aro -quite sufficient to give the lie to. assertions of that.sort.. And as regards the eahbre ; of the two men, there can really be no! comparison,, All who know Mr Davis know him to be a fluent and effective speaker, and a man well, acquainted ; with, the political events of years past; as well as those transpiring.. at the : . present day ; v?itli well-defined notions; concerning tlie farming industry; a firm supporter of the Education Aot; and a man who is calculated;.to be of, E— the utmost service to tho entire -dietnct. Mi Seigeant, on the othei" hand, • appears to hare. 1 very limitedviews, which he is unable to amplify upon:.the. .public platform, and certainly he would not be listened to with respectful - attention in Parliament! itself.f We should certainly advise him to irest content with such' taumphts as,' he may legitmately aspire to in Ins own spheie, and if not large they need not . be few. It is with no little regret that we have heard that there are some voteis in Sale who have loudly expieBsed then intention of voting for neithet candidate, on the giound that Mi Seigeant will be antagonistic to Noith Gippsland in general, and Mr Davisto Sale in particular. We do not-pay Mr Sergeant 00 ill a compliment as to believe thai he would, act altogethei paitialiy m the event of his letuvn, and as for Mi Davis, we have his word for it, that his besteffoits will be directed to the good of the entire dwtuct, and to no one portion of itmpaifciculai, or in prefeience to anothei And we can assure our readers that if he did so Tin Mercury would be the first to complain, And we flatter' -busselves, not unavailmgly. It may be said without hesita tioHj then, that all wjio neglect to exercise the fiaticluse on "Wednesday, are unwoithy to yossefjs it We heard of .some such,,, stupid ,actioji. t5)3,eiiig, taken when -Mr ^aigeant contested the seat with Mi Pearson at the last elections foi ike Province, and we could iheji scarcely i^ness our contempt of politician« ol 6uch an order It roav aid pome ,to come to a determination if wa lepeat & few tatwtios which we gave a few -days emeej—TJM -total amount ojE electors foi the ^-ippsW province i* 7,743. made up m tb« tfollowiog divisions,—Avon Ml -M > betfon 497, Bairnedate WW, Bute i©75, Maffrfe 406, Of^eo 500. Mbediile m. Sale 416, and Tiaialgon 12^9 Tovrong fiOS Woods Point Wodonga^6o,Walh^ still iti the flesh, and found that in the flourishing town of Sale, with 5000 inhabitants, ; and an inexhaustible.. water supply, surrounded with • magnificent watercourses and rich flats, the people were compelled to send to Melbourne for vegetables, and to Warragul for potatoes! This is surely a standing disgrace, and one showing the apathy and want o£ enterprise of the population, for in . more progressive places a want usually creates a supply, and for weeks past there has been a dearth of vegetables in Sale. Ic is true that 0110 or two Ohinamen visit tho town occasionally with tliair own produce, but their household visits .are intermittent, and when they return to China with fortunes, or die, we suppose we shall be entirely dependent upon other, places for supplies. In point: of fact anything involving , labour appears to be shirked by our population. A few days ago tenders were wanted for carting coal, from :; an immense deposit which had been, discovered in the district, and carters had tho modeBty to ask 30s per ton for.carrying it over 8 miles of a good sound road! Wo want new blood, or a stream of industrious emigrants directed to these parts. ' TI10 following are the probable numbers for next week's market:—2300 cattle, including 4 Queensland mobs, 32,000 sheep, 4000 liiibs. In the list of hospital subscriptions, pubbelied in last issue; the name Of G. Whitelaw,; 2s 6d " was accidentally omitted : from the list of contributions made by the employes of D. Munro and Oo. Mt J, Brand, of Stradbroke, reports rainfall and ofl.lOin for August. Mr T. N. Mills registered 0.85 for the same period, making 10;09 for the ioight months of the year so far. The following tender -wis acceptedxin Thursday by the Minister of Public Works.—Victorian .'Defences.—Supply of piles, delivered at l Williamstown, ,B.;,T. Morgan,- Bairriadale, £40 8s fid. At a committee mebting of the North Gippa land Agricultural Society held on Thursday, - the tender of Mr J. Malletfc, for ths oreotion of now shed, and removing and ra-erecting the old building for the agriculturjl • society, waB accepted at £20R 15s 3d. A meeting was held at the Albion Hotel last night with reference to the proposed Bowling Club. In consequence of the little interest displayed, it was decided to abandon the idea of forming a club. of for the vacancy in the Rosedalo Shire, which will be . oaused by the, tesigaation of Cr M'Earlano, lind a requisition is also in course of signature to Mr Offioer, asking him to come forward. t ' ' Yesterday, at the Sandridge. town, pier, the Inst shipment'of horses for the season was made by Mr JuliuB Gove, who despatched by . the steamer Duke of Devonshire (3,100 tons), 350 horses belonging to Messrs Gove, WeekeSj and Durham. Those belonging to Mr Gove were a very superior lot. -AJ; tho recent distribution of prizes in connection with the Juvenile Exhibition, a special prize o£ three guineas for writing, for boys under ton years of age, was won by Gaorge F. 'Gibbs, a' pupil attending the' Wurriik State school.' For school exercises, certificates of .merit'were-awarded to Maggie Horstman. and. Catherine Langan, State' school 1910, Upp°r. Maif raWest. . At the Sale Police Court yesterday .a mati named W. H. ; Irwin was charged with obtaining ftoods and money to the value of £18s by means of false pretences.^ Sergeant Murphy "stated he was not,prepared to go on with the ease, and applied for a remand, for a week, which w»B .granted. MessrB Drew; Little and Harkness, J's.P. were the presiding magistrates., . , , , . • . - The Age reports that the Attorney-General haB definitely decided to appeal to the Privy Council against the decision of the Full Court in the caBO of Ah Toy y. Muegrove, which upsets the legality, of the Governmont action in refusing to allow the Chinese immigrants by the steamer Afghan to land in the colony. A full statement as - to "the various rbasons cooperating to induce him to take thiB Btep will be made by Mr Wrixon in Parliament at an .early-date. Captain Thomas, V.M.R;, will Tisit and .inspect the Maffra detachments next Thursday at 8, p.m., and the Heyfield detachment on Friday at 4 p.m. Sergt. Major Jeffrey, V.M.R., will visit and drill the C company, V.M.R., next week as follows:—Tuesday, Traralgony enotts, bayonet ,6quad; Wedhesdsiy, Bairnsdale, 5 p.m.; Thursday, Maffra, i p.m.; Friday, Heyfield, 4 p.m.; Saturday, -Glengarry, 2.30 p.m. Mr Davis' committee met, on Thursday evening at the Criterion Hotel, Mr J. W. Hagan being voted to the chair. The secretary stated he had received several letters from gentlemen to -whom circulars had been sent, regretting their inability. to attend,. but i promising their support and influence to Mr Davis'- candidature. A good deal of preliminary .business was done arid sub-committees formed to work the borough , and report to meeting to be held on Tuesday the 11th, at the same place. A telegram from Cuuingliaine dated Thursday, published in the Argus .'says :—A, well-, attended meeting of the inhabitants of (Ouninghame was held last evening to form a rail-' way league, and endeavor .to have ta branch line connecting Cuninghaine with the contemplated line to Orbost; - Resolutions were car;- :ried, affirming to the desirability of suoh.a branch line, and affirming that the Ouninghame railway league should act in coucert with those, of Bumberrahahd Orbost in prbsa- ;their claims.upon. the Minister, of B&ihvays;, and eijjiiring the. co-operation.'. of .Messrs M'Lean and Harris, the members for the district. -•- • Capt. Thomas, V.M.R., -the officer commanding the C Company, visited and inspected the Sale detachment, on Wednesday list.; There was an excellent muster on parade, 17 of ;ali ranks.being. present,'; .Capt. ..Thomas, complimented Lieut. Borthwick on the appearance and turn out of the men; -the uniform, arms, and adeoutremenfciTbfling in'-gnnd condition. Capt. Thomas was also- vary pleaBeo to note the marked improvement in the drill of the detachment, and said that be was sure Colonel Pnce would be gratified to know that he had held such- a successful inspection of the Sale detachment. The -five .bulls mentioned in our last issue as havjng been purchased by Mr P. •Clement.of Prospect at the National Agncultural Society's show, were m Sale yesterday morning and were eagerly inspected by a num-: ber of connoisseurs, who were very emphatic in their praises. Itugia's Prince. 4th a twoyear-old is. a splendid animal brod by Mr Angas of South Australia; and stood Mr Clement in .176 - guineas. .BrunBwick Chief, too, bred by that famous breeder Mr J. Tweddle of Gisborne, is a beautiful: animal.. Vigor, Flower Duke, and Lord Russell had,. .also .-their admirers. - 'The district is to bo conigratulated;this year upon a very desirable- accession of spure brad stock;, as may be; seen' by the lists we have published m Thursday's and to this day's issue. • It is astonishing how quickly enthusiasm can evaporate, and how after work; successful or otherwise has .been accomplished at " ttie instance of tho oublic.-a few peeplearo left to pay thopiper. Thus the Band-13 If cms asserts that "the North Gippsland Railway League is indebted to the Bank of Victoria m the sunl of £40. We perfectly agree with our" Bairnsdale contemporary that this "should be learnt with surprise not unmixed with shame." It IS calculated that Bairnsdale's share is £10, and that , that important centre will .cash up, -. "but what about tbe . other places>? PerhapB if the.bat were. sent round, Sale could: afford to be shantable,:.«nd ;help , to.wipe off..tbe debt,- -seeing that the "main line" question is dead. We sometimes have to help to bury our foes, -and'if we paid the funeral expenses, it would •be very lingrateful if itheir .ghosts itroublod 1 -Mr Frederick Maecabe, the world-renowned ventriloquist and .impersonator of character, will 1 appear in . his celebrated 'entertainment "Begone Dull Care," at the Victoria Hall,; Sale, on -Wednesday. and .^Thursday ^evenings next- Mr Jlacaabe .:is so welbknowa-that it is • unnecessary to do more than merely an asounce his appearance,., to .-ensure ft. crowded houee- His entertainment willconsist AS usual:, of songe, ventriloquism, and special character delineations Those who have ones had the pleasure of .seeing Maocabo are -not likely to. miss an opportunity ofjeeeing him again, and those who havo not lad the privilege, wo strongly advise to make acquaintance with him'nexl week, if ibey desire to -enjoy a teally •unique'.entertainment/.ii»ndi»nievflning!s,.<;real! fUD A new comedietta entitled The Magic; ^tatu'e1' , 'written«nii«ompo3ea>'by;M):Maceabe;!; ig one of the -attractions promised, in. which Mr Maocabo will-be assisted by Kiddle Minnia; A telegram from Sydney,, #ated Wednesday,! states —A peculiar c»Be"was biougbt before 4be Water Pohce Court this jnorning, when Timothy Breen, a young Irishman, was -charged with attempHng to tebe Sir. Henry, •SParkes It ^appeared from the evidence that Breen esterda stated that he was desirous of obtaining emplo ment n the Lands Depart jaent slerk, -and felt confident that Sir Hear Parites would oblige iirn and that ne„ : askod the JPtemier, who was>4hen Acting 1 Minister of Lands, to&axpt; £10 in notes en loseain-a letter Sir Henry Farke? jjianded the lo&er; jtad tho enclosure to the IJnder- Becrelary, and criminal proeeedings ^wetc instituted When taxed wij.1) ihe offence, the prisoner tbat'heEnclosed -the mono He? cause he thought tha^ he uld sot get >n anli w tbont any prev^oiiBsxppnence^o .KUijle him limn who avas jfa^'iiluation as collector at cannot well be over estimated, is reported tt) have been made on. the-Latrobe . river, near Morwell. Tlie .report current is to the' effect that a coal seam 60 feet thick has been found and traced for a considerablb distance'tlirouKh aseleetionrof 640. acres. - This, area has 'been leased by a .syndicate, by whom it" is'being prospected.. Some'doubt, however, is expressed by experts as to'the report being reliable as it is belio ved to relate to -a large.deposit of lignite discovered some time sinoe on the Lalrobe Eirer, at a depth of 15 feet from the surface. The deposit, when first found, wis proved to be only 16 feet thick, but, as further, prospsctiflg Ins since been carried on tt "is not improbable that ^important developments may have taken ; place. The; «yndicate who : have' secured the area intend shortly to float it into a public company." • ;-. The followlng is the Melbourrie chapter of fatalities foi; July:—A boy, aged 3 years,-died .of fraoture of the:skull; oaused by a gate falling on him ; a bay aged 7, of rupture, of the'liver;* occasioned by being knocked down by a horse; a female,- aged fiO,of fracture.of tho Bkull; the result of a fall; a carter, aged BS, of fracture bf tho skull, how caused not stated; a carter, aged 18, a male, of occupation unknown, aged 26, and a . cordial manufacturer, aged 63, -were killed by being', thrown from vehiclos; a boy, aged 15, was lulled by a fall from a. bnildmg; a seaman, aged 21, by falling on the deck of the barque lnglcwooi; a female, aged .05, diod of fracture of the arm, how caustd not stated ; alaborer, aged 43, was killed, 0 brick wall falling on him; a railway porter, .aged 28, a loborer aged 47, and a carriage-cleaner, aged 56, were passed over by railway trains; and a laborer, aged 2i, succumbed to injuries consequent on.being caught in machinery.. A female; aged 60, died of injury to the mouth, aportion of a gate penetrating it; a male child, aged 2 years, of oedema of glottis, causedby drinking hot tea; afemalb ; child, aged'3 years, and: a female, aged 30," died of burns, the latter through her clothes catching fire; a female child, aged.'. .4,'; of; . scalds, ,a female ..-.child,!., aged 2 years, from the .'poisonous.', effects Of, eating phosphorus matches; a male, of occupation unknown, aged 35, was drowned ia;the River Yarra; a sailmaker,, aged 27/wasfoiind drowned in Hobeon's Bay ;,a male infant, aged 3 months, .was..overlain.; -a boy aged 9, and a'' girl aged 15, ?were suffocated by the inhalation-' of oosil-gas whilst isleeping; and a male infant, died of umbilical hssmorrhage. The .hoinicidal; deaths were those of 3. female infant, who died" of fracture of the skull :.-and Buffboation, iohd of a female, agbd 22, from otimiiial abortion, a. verdiot of wilful -murder,being^brought in in"! each case. Of the suicidal deaths, a restaurant-keeper, aged 45, shot hiuiself through the head; a woman, aged 22, .placed herself on the railway line; an 1 accountant, aged 3t,.cut his throat ; and two ohoinists, aged 29. and 38 , respectively, poisoned themselves,.theiformer;: with pruBsio acid, and the' latter with (jhloro-" dyne. " •"" ' A meeting of electors, favourable to the return of Mr Geo. Davis is . announced to be held.at mileetfs Hotel, Longford, this evening at 8 o'clock. - < _Mes'srs Marriage, Lawrenson and Laidlaw : will sell at Morwell on Monday next obws, steers, heifers, poddies,' springers and store pigs,. Messrs C. Mackintosh and Co. will'hold a sale to-day at the Bank of Australasia of the liousehold furniture arid effects of ; the 1 late': Mr W. H. Comyns. ... : ,r ' Messrs A.--M'Lean and Co. will ' sell, at Morwell on Monday bullocks,. steers, heifers and mixed cattle. Messrs Gellion Bros., will hold an im ; portant Bala of business Bites in the township of Alberton on Wednesday next for Mr' Newton. .There are 44 lots to be disposed of situated in the best part of the town. wliieh is on the route to the Great Southern Hallway. - Mr P.. Sweeney will sell next Tuesday for:. Mr.G.',.GollisB,.-16 valuable - to wn' allotnicnts:at; Alberton,: also' his property of 69 acres in the' parish of Alberton West. • . ; • ... ; Messrs Little ind Borthwick will- seU to-day at the . Sale Borough yards, steers, heifers, mixed cattle and crossbred wethers. At their rooms they will sell for Mr -C. Thomson an allotmont of land in Marlev'-street, with briok cottage .thereon, also,.for, Mr JE, P. Luke a number of shares in'-the Lakes Navigation. Company, and the Try Again, New Toomb'on and Toombon Gold Mining Companies! Messrs Mathieeon anil Davis will.sell to-day' at the Sale Borough .yards, fat! bullocks,, steers, theifers, yearlings, mixed: cattle,, ewes;' lambs and cotoeback wethers. At their own yards: they will sell horsiss and pigs. • Messrs Hey wood ,and Hattam notify, that, they have just opened, up :for the-exhibition seaBon, a varied and choice' assortment of drapery for theSpring trade. . Full particulars: will be foundln our adveVtising-col^mns,: 