An Impending Doom. CIIAPTEB XV. 11111 dead m.vnri filcrkr. It tvnn a very statolr coromonial that which possod through tho gates of Hunadan llatl, to lay Harold Godfrey Ilunsdou's ashes with those of many scores of Hunsdons who hod gone before. Tho hoir«aHaw— on impoverished London swell'— was thero in sables and swooping hat-band, oxalting in wardly that tno old chap had gone at last; and "tho king had got his own again." Sir Brorard Kingsland waa thero conspicuous and interesting in his now capacity of botrotbed to tbo dead man's daughter. And tho dead man's daughter hor- eolf, in trailing crape and sables, deathly palo and still, was likowiso there, cold and rigid almost as tho corpse itself. For sho had noror shod a tear ninco that awful moment whon, with a wild, walling cry of orphanage, sho had flung horsolf down on tho dead breast, as tho now day dawned. Pale, tearless, rigid, sho sat besido that ghastly clay, stunned, bonumbed, with all tho keonaf tor-agony of lono- liners and sorrow to como. She had lorcd her soldior-fathor with nn entire and intenso lore, and he had jmno from hor so awfully, so sud denly, that she sat dazed under tho blow. Tho day of tho funsral was ono of ghostljr gloom. The Novombor wind nwopt icily over tho sea with a dreary wail of win tor; tho cold rain boat its melancholy drip, drip ; sky, and earth, and' eoa woro all blurred and blotched in a clammy mist. "White and wild, Harriot Hunsdon bung on her lorors arm, whilst tho liter. Cyrus Grcon solemnly read tho touching burial scrvico, and Harold Hunsdon was laid to sleep, tho orcr- lasting sleep. Anu then, through wailing wind and driring nun, sho was going back to tho desolate old homo — oh, so hor ribly desolate now ! Sho looked at bis empty chamber, at his vacaut chair, at his forsakon bed. Her face worked. With a long, anguished cry, sho flung horsolf ou her lovor's breast, and wopt tho rushing, passion ate tears of soronteon— wopt wildly and long tho impetuous, blessed tears that kct-p youthful hearts from break ing. IIo held hero thero as rororontly, as tenderly as that doar fathor might baro douo, lotting her cry hor flU, smoothing tho glossy hair, kissing tho slender hands, colling her by names netcr to bo forgotten whilst ono pulso of life should beat. " My darling, my darling — my bride, my wife!" Sho lifted hor faca at last, and luufcea ai blui mo ot.» novo. Lad loolovl at mortal man boforo. In that mo ment ho had his infinite reward. Sho lorcd him, as only thoso strong- hearted, passionate women can loro— onco and for oror ! "Lovo mo, Ererxrd!" sho whis pered, holding him closo. " I have uo ono in tho world now but you." That night Ilurrio Ilunsden loft the old homo for ever. Tho Her. Cyrus drovo her to thu rectory in 'the rainy twilight, and still hor lover sut by hor side, as it was his privilege to sit. Sho slung to him now, in hor now desolation, as sho might never haro learned to cling iu hanpier times. 1 lie rector's wiforccoivod tho young girl with open arms, and embraced Ler witli motherly heartiness. "My poor, nolo darling!" sho said, kissing tbo cold cheeks. " Tou must stay with us until your lost roso como blooming back." But llarrio shook her head. "1 will go to Franco at onco, ploase," sfio said, mournfully. ' Mttdamo Beaufort was always good to me, aud it was hit last wish." Her voice choked — shoturnedaway her head. V It shall bo as you say, my doar. But who is to take you ?" ' " Mrs. Milliard, and, I think, Sir Bverard Kingsland." Mrs. Milliard had been housekeeper at Ilunsden Uall, and was a distant relative of tho family. Under tho sow dynasty, she was leaving, and had profTored her services to oscort her young mistress to Paris. Tho Hov. Cyrus, who hated crossing tbo Channol, had closed with tho offer at once, and Sir Krerard was to play protector. One week Miss Hunsdou rotnaiucd at tho rectory, fortunately so busied by her preparations for doparturo that no timo was loft for brooding over her bereavement. And then, in spito of that great trouble, thero was a swoot, now-born Him flooding her heart. How good ho was to hor — hor Landsomo young lovorhow solici tous, how tondor, how devoted ! Sho could lay hor hood shyly on his Bbouldcr'in thoso calm twilights, and sestlo down in his arms, and fool that iifo hold something unutterably sweet and blissful for her still. Aa for Ercrard, ho absolutely livod At tho rectory. Ho rodo homo ovory Might, and ho mostly breakfoatod at the Court, but to all intents and pur poses ho dwelt at tho parsonsgo. " Wboro tho treasure is, there will the heart bo also and my lady, now that things woro sottlod, and tho iour- Dot to Constantinople postponou in definitely, had sunk into a state of AtUky displeasure, and was satirical, and scornful, and contemptuous, and btntely, and altogether exquisitely dis- agrccablo. Lady Louiso had loft Dovonshiro, and gauo back to shino in London society onco more. Miss HunBden went to Franco with tho portly old housekeeper and tho dovotcd young baronot. Madame Beaufort received hor ex-pupil with vcry.Fronch effusion, " Ab, my angel— so palo, bo sad, so beautiful ! I am distracted at tbo ap pearance! But wo will restore you. Tho change, tho associations— all will bo well in timo." Tho lonely young croaturo clung to her loror with passionate abandon. It was their first separation einco hor father's doath. " Don't go back just yet, Evorard," sho implored. " Let mo got usod to being alone. Whon you aro with mo I am content, but whon you go, and I am all alono among theso strnngera"— Her falling tears, her cUoging arms, pleadod for hor mora eloquently than words. But ho needed no pleadiug — ho loved her, entirely, devotedly. Ho promised anything — everything ! IIo would remain in Paris tho whole year of probation, if sho wished, that ho might see her at least every week. Sho let him go at last, and stole away in tho dusky gloaming to her allotted littlo room. Sho locked the doer, sat down by tho tabic, laid her fnco Dn hor folded arms, and wot them witli her fast-falling tears. " I loved him so/' Bho thought— "my precious father! Oh, it was hnrd to let him jo !" Sho cried until alto could literally cry no longer. Then sho arose. It was quito dark now, and sho lit her lamp. " J will read his letter," sho said to herself — " tho letter ho loft for me. I will learn this tomblo secret that blighted his life." There wm her writing-caso on tho table. Sho opened It with a littlo bright key attached to hor watch- guard, and took out tbo letter. Sho looked sadly at tho superscription a moment, then reverently opoaod it, and began to read. " It will be like his voico sneaking to mc from tho gravo," sho thought1. , " My own devoted fathor." Half an hour passed. Tbo lottar was long and closoly written, and tho girl read it Biowly from beginning to end. With tho first pago, ovory traco of colour had slowly faded from hor faeo, her eyes dilated, hor form grow rigid as sho sat. But she steadily road on , sho finished it at last. It dropped in her lap. Sho sat there, storing straight boforo her, with an awful, fixed, vacant stare. Then sho aroso slowly, mechanically placed it in tho writiog-caso, rolockcd it, put her hand to hor head confusedly, nnrt turned with a buwildorcd look. Her iaco flushed dork red ; tho room wns reeling, tho walls rocking dizzily. Sho raado a stop forward, with both hands blindly outstretched, and fell headlong to tho floor. Next morning, Sir Ercrard Kings- land, descending to his botol break- faht, found a sealed noto besido his pinto. Ho opened it, and saw it wis from tho directress of tho I'ensionnat tie » J)emoiseUes, Monsieur,— U is with remt I Inform yon Mdlle. Huns'len is very ill. When you left Ler last evening, she ascended to hor room nt once. Au hour after, slttiajf in aa apartment underneath, I board a heavy ' fall. J ran up at oaoo. MademoUello lay on tho door in a dead swoon, I raatf the bell i 1 railed her | 1 soot for tho doctor. It tva a very km# swoon— it was very difficult to restore her. Mademoiselle woi very lit all oik-lit— out of herself— delirious. The doctor fears for hor brain. Ah, men Ditu ! It is very sad— it is doplorable I We all weep for the poor Mdllo. Ilunsden. lam. Monsieur, with profouodest waUineaU of sorrow and pity, Maine JUbTJM CULBHTK DCAUVOilT. Tho young baronet waited for no breakfast. lfe seized hie hat, tore out of tho hotel, sprang into a fiacre, and was whirled at once to tho pen- Madamo oatne to htm to tho par lour, hor lace handkerchief to her eyes. Mademoiselle was vary ill. Monsieur could not see her, of course, hut ho must not despair. Dr. Pillule had hopes. Sho was so vouog, so strong ; but the shock of her father's death must have Leon preying on her mind. Madamo's sympathy was inexpressible. Harriet lay ill for many days— do- lirious often, murmuring things piti- . ably small, colling on her father, on her lover — sometimes on her hones and dogs. Madame and her satellites tended her with unremitting care. The physician was skilful, and life wou tho battle. But it was a weary time before they let hor descend to the parlour to soo that impatioat lover of hers, who, half-mod with suspense and anxiety, haunted the house like a ghost. It was very near Christmas, and thero was snow on tho ground, when sho camo slowly down ono evening to sco him. lloeat alone, inthoprimsalon where tho porcolain stove stood, with its handful of fire, looking gloomily out at tho feathery flakos whirling through tho leadoa twilight. He turned roudd as sho glidod in, so un like herself, so like a spirit that his heart stood still. "My lovo— my love I" (TO OS C0NTJM11D,) 