BROADBRIMS NEW YORK LETTER. The man who takes a stroll through Print ing House Squara after an absence of two or three years, will have to inquire his way around or get a city guide to pilot him. It is true that the ugly Tribune steeple shoots upward to the sky in the same place, and the majestic figure on top of the City Hall looks benignly down on the hoodlums pitching pennies under the Mayor's window in the Park while waiting for the evening editions of the "TheNooees," "Telegram"' "World" and " Sun." The Park is there-that is what remains of it, and the Post-office stands solid as Gibraltar to the front. The statue of Franklin reminds the reflective American and the unreflective foreigner that we had some great men once. Save and except these all else is changed. At the junction of Nassau Street and Park Row, massive and grand rises the magnificent new building of "The New York Times," which has been built in the most peculiar manner in which any building was ever erected in the United States. The outside walls of the old build ing were taken down but the inside rooms wore retained intact, and the work went on just the same, although a new building was put up from turret to foundation stone. The " Times" building promises to be one of the finest newspaper offices in the city. But the most radical change of all is that now taking place on the corner of Frankfort street, right opposite "The Sun" office,-the his toric building which was formerly "Tam many Hallbut of that anon. On the other corner was French's Hotel, a famous host lery in its day ; never considered first-class or hardly second-class, it nevertheless had a large clientage or trades-people and small country merchants who consulted economy by living while in New York on the European plan, lodging at French's and feeding at any of the cheap restaurants with with which this neighborhood abounds. Years ago a famous victualler was one Gosling ; toothsome were his dishes, savory his pud dings and pies. A large plate of corned beef and cabbage for 12i cents was one of the luxuries that tempted our country cousins, and five large buckwheat cakes, dono to a turn and smothered in molasses for a like sum, helped to herald his fame through the length and breadth of the Union. But French's Hotel is coming down; the past few years have been most ruinous to the property ; the heirs gob fighting among themselves, each one borit on ruining tho other ; the property got tied up with manda muses, injunctions, writs of certiorari and other legal dynamite bombs on ?which lawyers ,'fatteri arid clients are blown sky-high. When they were nil. nearly riiined and thor oughly exhausted, Pulitzer, of "The World, stepped in and gobbled the whole thing for S800,000 and ho proposes to rear oji it3 foundation such a newspaper office asyoii may po3sibly.have read abowt in story books, but certainly never have seen .iiji granite, marble, brick and iron in thiscountry before. The site is historic ground. Forty-eight years ago a celebrated rough and tumble fighter °nanied Billy Harrington kept a saloon called "The Cosey," and here most of the noted prize-fighters .of the day could be seen, fighting was the fashion then. g(iap locked " Fire laddies" travelled about the city looking for a "muss," and to the honor of the city be it recorded they did not have to travel far to get accommodated. There were nearly fifty fire companies, and all of them were schools for sluggers ; the fellow who couldn't slug had no business being a fireman, so as a consequence the Fire Department took in most of the roughs and toughs of the city. Tammany Hull, now "The Sun1' office, was on the opposite cornor from French's, and this was the headquarters of the Empire Club, of which the late Captain Isaiah Ryndor3 was tho chief. To( say that ; this crowd was a terror, but faintly des cribes What they were ; bad as are now, illank fortune! we H,af<5 lio orgaitizea gang of tlU prdjldrtioiisfuid toughness of the Empire (jliib. THoir members varied, from 1,200 to 2,000, and they were so thoroughly organized And drilled that no police force could cope with them'. Next adjoining Tammany Hall, and right under the northeast corner of "The Tribune" office was "The Pewter Mug," the resort of thieves andlowruft'ains, some of whom died in that cellar with their boots on. Right back of French's was old St. John's Hall, which was the oldest Masonic Lodge in the city, and it was here that Henry C. Atwoodarul some other masons started St. John's Grand Lodge in opposition to the Grand Lodge of the State of New York- aybreach that was fortunately healed almost forty years ago by a grand reunion at Tripler HalL But, as I said, French's is being torii down, and in a few months "Tile World'1 office will look ddwn in Silent contempt upop the office of "The Sun." 1 dan almost hear Pulitzer, as lie sits in his lAagniticent quarters looking down on Dana's dingy sanctum, too-whooing like tho owl in the fable who sat above the gallows of the murderer who lia:l put out her little one's eyes, "Re venge is sweet ! Revenge is sweet!" The revelations before tho committee liow engaged iii investigating emigration matters have been somewhat startling'. First v.-e went for the Chinamen, but a strict investigation proved that there was not comparatively a corporal's guard of them in the United States. Then we gave the Italiansashakeup, bat bad as they arc they were evidently not the worst. Now the immigrant deluge that threatens us is from Russia, Po land, Hungary and Bohemia. The Italian does riot enter into competition with our labour element except in its lowest forms of street cleaning, digging and railroad work ; but these miserable races are driving Ameri can men and American women from many forms of skilled labour. Ten years ago in j one clothing manufactory girls were exclu- ; sively 'employed, and they made from eight to fifteen dollars a'week. Since the advent of the Russians, Bahemians, Hungarians and Poles, men have taken the places of American Wonleil,and girls arid tliewageshavefftllenone half. Aside.from every other consideration the men. are brutal in tlieir habits and dis gusting filthy in their persons and altogether offensive for.civilized women to miugle with. It. is among this class of immigrants that you find your anarchists, dynamiters and other desperate characters. Few of them can speak our language and they don't want to speak it. They want to become citizens because they find that the franchise has a market value on election day. Just think of nine thousand of such being poured down on us in a single day! We are confronted with a terrible problem in this labor matter, and the further fwe go with Hie investigation the worse it looks. "Gradually and quietly these unsavory ele ments have undermined the labor market,till it has come to be a choice for thousands of women and girls between degradation and star vation! ^Notwithstanding our stringent laws against the importation of contract labor, thousands of these miserable wretches are un loaded here every week, their passages and all their expenses being paid by their American employers, and afterwards deducted from their wages with-t wo hundred percent, interest. We have also a law which compels tlio captain and officers of all sea-going vessels belonging to the United States tobe citizens of the United States. But here we liive bands of perjurers wlio in consideration of a ten dollar bill will swear a captain's papers through the Custom House though he only arrived in the country yesterday. A party had just been discovered here who made a regular business of this kind of perjury, receiving ten dollars for every set of papers so sworn through. A handsome young girl who swore to the condition of herself and associates, said that she and eight others slept in a room six by nine in one of those tenement hells that disgrace New York. The mere thought of the horror of such a thing these sweltering nights is dreadful. No wonder tho poor crcatures seek the sidewalks and the roofs ; even the cold flagstones must bo paradise in comparison with this. One night this week tho police raided the tramps who make a business of sleeping in the parks. They got about 180 of them, and when they were brought up before the sittingmagis trate next morning he discharged them all, as he considered it perfectly justifiable to get a nap anywhere this weather, and the fact of a man being asleep in a park was 110 evidence of his being a vagrant or a tramp. I suppose in your time you have heard of instances of cheek, but I think there is nothing cooler or more adamantine recorded than this: A man crossing Union Square was attacked by a footpad who made a grab for his watch; the man held his watch while the thief had the chain, and by a sudden jerk he broke the chain and was about to make off when he was seized by the man, but with a quick movement he slipped out of his coat, leaving it in the hands of his would-be captor, and made off with the piece of chain. About a half hour afterwards he came up to the gentleman who wasstandinginfront of his hot-eland demanded the return of his coat; the gentleman refused to give it up and the thief threatened to sue him for stealing his coat iu the first place, for felonious assault in the second place, and for getting property in to'his possession under false pretences in the third place ? If you can beat that for cheek out your way, walk up and take the head. Politics are jest a bilin' here, though it is rather amusing to see the different estimates that the respective party papers form of each other. Take up "The Tribune" and " The Press," and you learn that all is quiet at the Democratic headquarters; that Scott has been practically laid on the shelf and that Gorman is running the committee, and that a pro minent Democrat was heard to remark that Clevoland hadn't the ghost of a chance, and that apathy reigned supreme in the Demo cratic Committee, for they felt that Free Trade had drowned the party. Then take a look at the "The World," "The Time3," "The Herald," "The Star," or "The Telegram," and you there learn that Harri son has virtually retired from tho race and that Mr. Morton had refused to open his barrel as ho knew it was money thrown I away. " The World's" most reliable repor ter was sent to tho Republican headquarters to interview Mr. Quay, but finding him absent, learned from a clerk that Mr. Cleveland's popularity with the masses and the firm stand he had taken for civil service reform and Protection made his success so inevitable that the Republicans had concluded to throw up tho sponge and make no further fight. The plain facts are that both parties are thoroughly organised and workinglikebeavers. For working efficiently the present Demo cratic Committee has never been surpassed ; it is perfect in overy department. The same may be said of the Republican Committee. At the head of every bureau are gentlemen of great ability and experience. A more able body of men never guided that party to victory or defeat. It is a fair race and a square race. Which will win ! Let us wait and see. Truly yours, BROADBRIM. 