LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. THE J 'EXAMIEYER'S" CAREER. Si,-In your contemporary I seo a letter headed with three " Blowe." There non be no objection to a man blowing his own trampet in the shape of trade, but it is exceedingly bad taste to blow to traduce a fellow tradesman. I will just notice one or two particulars, having an older and perhaps better memory than he possesses. First, he neduses you of vaunting pride, because you assert you were called into existence to protect the fair fame of the respect able inhabitants of the community. At that time the Launccston Aedrcrtiser had liasoed out of the hands of lMr. Henry Dowling into those of Mesrs. Jolly and Co., and like all tradeomen they produced the wares they thought would sell the best. I segret to nay the taste at that tima of Van Diemen's Land was rather low and vicioue. The Cornwall Chronicle at that period was owned and conducted by a man of great ability, but unfortunately for the paper and himself he had a most vindic. tive dioi~esition, and his onslaughts upon persons whom he disagreed with or disliked were brutal and ferocious, being per fectly indifferent to truth, and sometimes using very cesose and vulgar language. To prove .thsiaossertion I wilt just mention a fewe of thiso libel actions brought against him-Roev. Dr. 1Brownoe, Henry heed, Henry Dowling (twice), and Lieut. Mathew Curling Friend. The last. named gentleman was an educated British oflicer with a high reputation. His manners were exceedingly gentle; in fact he possessed all the qualities tiat constitute a real gentleman. The onelaught upon this gentleman by tho C.0. called forth one of the most severo eanti gations sver given in a court of justico,by Judge Montague, with heavy damages. I am free to admit that there is more than an atom of truth in the assertion, that in those days congregationalism may have received more prominence than was palatabloe to many, but as a strong churchman I sat warranted in saying that the Examiner columns presented a fair field for the exposition of those views which every admicer of the Esteblished Church held sacred, so long on they were courteously worded. As to the Examincr being opposed to progree sive measures in the past, ham sure no one who has watched its career can say so with any show of establishing such a statement. Where any legitimate undertaking for the public bone. fit cause to the front, the Examiner was always on the side of progroes. How firmly it steed hy Henry Dowling,in his battle for th Woestern Railway, must be freosh in the memory of the publicand who con say that this great undertak ting has been anything but a source of real benefit to the colony generally? I presume it anuswers the purpose of " Old Colonist" to forget that the people of Launceston, in their indignation at the editor and part proprietor of the Cornwall Chronicle, burnt his elligy in public. Unfor tunately for the colony the prophecy of the Examiner is being verified daily by tho useless expenditure on the Derwent Valley and Parattals railways, and aven Cite Fingal line is gasping for breath. The development of our mines has been a material assistance in helping the railways that have been constructed-not directly, perhaps, but indirectly, by causing an increase of trafis. And who does not know that the Examiner has always been ao able and strong advocate of legitimate mining enterprise, though it Ihas opposed swindles. Extravagant expenditure, for the mere shse of scattering money, has no doubt been uniformly opposed by your columns. The Examiner hba always set its face like a flint against agitators without any real social position, who are for ever clamouring for a division of the success which others have achieved by long and well-seutained efforts. There are. in all communities, those over ready, to cnatch from soCH a portion of their rewards, and, if not successful a this direction, hope to gain their levelling object by, bringing about a mild form of general bankruptcy. The past H0 years' experienoe of the Examiner aswers the whole question at issue and at once :-The support it has received from the general isublic has enabled it to live through the battles of the colony while all its other cons temporaries have yielded up the ghost; and if it conteues in the same straightforwardcoureo our children's children will be able to regard the Examine' as their trusted guide and deo fender. I enclose my card and am :AN OLDEn COLONeST, WITH A Ehrren April 6, . 