hamlet revised. How a Playwright Proposed to Im prove Shakespeare. "You call this a revised version of Hamlet, Mr. Chalks ?" said the manager of one of the local Thespian temples the other day to a young dramatist, who had entered his office with a roll of manuscript that resembled in eize a youthful Swiss cheese done up in wrapping-paper.- - "That's just what it) is," replied the playwright, dropping into a!convenient chair, and tilting his hat on the back o£ bis bead, " and I'll explain why I call it so. You see, I've come to the conclusion that while old Shakespeare might have been a rather decent sort of a' fellow in his ' time, and wrote to suit the popular taste, his workB are not exactly what the people of onr generation are clamoring for." "But Shakespearian plays, if"' well pit on, always draw," suggested thp manager. "Certainly they do. So does." Italian . opera draw crowded houses/ ''People go because it's fashionable, but they don't' understand a word of it. It's thelsame . with Shakespeare. People go and see a- lot of dummies circulate around one star actor who rants and tears his wig to pieces, but they don't know what it is all about. It's something Shakespeare dashed off in an idle moment, they say, and Shakespeare is spoken of as a great genius, so it must be good, because he wrote it. No, sir, I tell you there's too much of the aroma of dead centuries about the playB." A change is needed. " Something must be done to bring the 6ft fapporl, as it were, with Shake- - spearo's grand thoughts and conceptions. .They are too ulogg&i; 'up ih stiltea lan guage. People don't talk in the way he makes them. Now, right here is an example, where Hamlet is called upon to cast'his flighted colour off. Just tnink of it. Wouldn't any ordinary man say, ' Se<s here, Ham, old fellow, brace up'?" " Might not that give the audience the impression thatHamiet was drunk ?" ven- - tnred the manager, mildly. Pshaw, no. Couldn't the audience see that Hamlet wasn't drank. It stands to reason that Hamlet's friends called him ' Ham for short, the same as we nickname people nowadays." "I don't like this opening," said the manager, who had been toying with the ' manuscript. "Yon make Francisco say, Hullo, old rocks,' and — "What's wrong with that ?", cried Mr;. Chalks, "it's tho popular mode of saluta tion. Bernardo and Francisco were chumB, and what more probable than that they greeted one another aa such. The audience would feel more kimllyj disposed toward ' them to hear such a familiar opening than if a wooden sentinel mumbled out, ;' Who's there,' aud tried to job his best friend in the lungs with a spear." "And then;" went on the manager- reading, " you make Bernardo say, 'Ah, .there, come off your perch and shout,' and tho word is ' 'Rah for the President.' " : "Just following out the same jocular . vein, you see," said Mr. Chalks gleefully, rubbing hie hands together. "Instead ofi saying, 'Nay, answer me; stand and unfold : yourself,' and ' Long live the King,' Ber nardo ' epeakB like any American citizen should." an american hamlet. " But this is supposed to have occurred in Denmark many years ago," said the manager. " That's according to Shakespeare, but if you'll look at that play you'll see that everything foreign bus been eliminated from it. The title is ' Hamlet, Governor:- of Goat Island.' That brings it right near home,, and peoplo get inte rested. . If the play should be ' taken into the interior it could be called Ham- ' let, Mayor of Milpitas,' and if wo took it i to New York we could call ' Hamlet, thfc Dude of Coney Island,' and so on. You seo the idea? 1 think it's a good one," " I don't quite agvee with you, "(said the manager, " and 1 must say I dislike it where Francisco, instead of repeating 'Yon come' most carefully upon your hour,' says, 'How the deuce did you manage to get sober enough to shulllo around on time ? ; In my opinion that is decidedly vulgar and slangy." "It's slangy, and I intended it to be. That is where I improve Shakespeare. I£ you have ever noticed, you'll find that there is a sameness about Shake. A clown uses the same sort of language as a duke, and a common soldier talks as flowery as a king. Everyone knows that a pugilist or an East-street boarding-houso master is not ' as choice in his language as a member of a Western Addition literary society or a Nob Hill reading eirclo. Francisco and ' Bernardo were ordinary sentinels, and. : talked as common people usually do. It's- - - natural for them to usq slang. If yotr follow the lines along you'll see that-whera Bernardo says Good night ' he bids Fran- , cisco to Btop in Schneider's saloon and have tho red-headed barkeeper send down a flask of his best O.K. on the strict Q.T, What iB more nutural than that, eh?" "And what is this ?" cried the manager, skipping over several pages of manuscript. . "'Enter a tarn ale peddler, with a lantern." " That's what Shakespeare calls the ghost," explains Mr. ChalkB, enthusiasti cally, "and it's an original idea of my own, too. It's all nonsense in theBe enlightened timeB to have ghosts prancing around in a realistic and noble drama. It is enough to make a farce of it. Who believes in ghosts P" the fbddler and hamlet, " Tamale- peddlers prowl around at night, and it is not out of place for one of tbem to appear. He wolkB slowly, as he is looking for a nickel he has dropped. He don't find it, and comes around another time to have a second look. This is when - he meets Hamlet, who has oome. over from Goat Island in a Whitehall boat to have a little time with the boys. The Tamale- man recognises his Excellency and speaks. > Hamlet buys a tamale, aud while eating it the peddler reveals a plot to blow up Goat Islan'd and——" I don't wish to hear any more, Mr. Chalks. You arc too broad and liberal in your views to suit me. No doubt you - have improved Shakespeare, but you have so thoroughly revised him that the best : thing you can do is to change the names of' the persons in tho play, and givo it a , new name." - "No, sir j I wonld Bcorn to steal' Shake speare's ideas. I have enough of my own. But you have formed a hasty opinion, sir. Let me read you tho love scene between Bamlet and the charming daughter of the - Sheriff of Berkeley." "No, no," cried tho manager; "I have heard enough." " Only listen to what took plaee at - -. Hamlet's examination before the Lunacy Commissioners—' " , " I would not do it, Mr. Chalks. Realty,, you must excuse mo. I am pressed for time." " Or tho description of how tho circus came to town and some of the jokes of the bosB clown. It is something that will con vulse the public with rapture." _ " Patience ceases to be a virtue, Mr. Chalks, and I tell you I don't want you or b ) your play within a thousand miles of me," ' and the manager nrose and throw open the door for Mr. Chalks to go. "You'll regret this, sir," said the r 6c viser of " Hamlet " in iTgrating voice and with a steely glitter in his eyes. " When I sound the trumpet of fame from a rival "theatre " . "Will you go?" shrieked the manager, . reaching for the paper-weight. Mr. Chalks fled.— San Franoisoo Call. ; 