DON'T SPOIL YOUR CHILDREN. " WHATEVER you rio," said the social reformer, " whatev. r you do, don't, don't spoil your children. That is the greatest mistake Australian parents make. It is frequently the ruin of the young." ' Bight you are, pa d, tip us yer fist," said Mr. Bill Noake's, as he unexpectedly came forward and held out a mass of soil, which might have put to shame many a suburban front garden, beneath which might dimly be discerned the outline of a human hand. " Eight ye are. It's the most ornary foolish mistake in the world for ter spoil yer kids. That's wat I often told Sheoak Sam and Beery Bet. ' Sam,' ses f, ' or Bet as it might be, don't go for to spoil yer kids. Do as I does ; hit 'em on the soft spots as was ordained by nater therefore, but don't : e go for to spoil : em. But, Lor' bless ye, it wasn't no use. They gets hittin' 'em on the head with bottles and Sam he goes for 'em with his wooden leg, and now they've spoiled the lot. There's two dead, one in the children's orsepital, another in the idjut wa?d at the bend, and the one they got at home he can't walk, so they has to go for their beer their selves. You're a sensible bloke, that's what ye are. There ain't no foolishness like actually spoiling of yer kids. ]S T o, 110. Hit 'em with yer baud where na'er ordained." The lecturer fears that he has not made his meaning quite clear. DOUBTLESS there is in existence such a man as Mr. W illiam Clarke. If so, it may interest this gentleman to jlearn that there is a letter lying at St. George's Hall, Bourke-street, addressed to Mr. William Clarke, North-street, west, South Australia, Me bourne. A man of fiue address certainly. Need we add that the letter is an Irish one, bearing the postmark of Dromana (County Tyrone) ? Egad, it's only possible it may be for Sir W, J. FROM England comes a somewhat strange incident. hi a hunt after a deer by the Queen's staghounds, the hind being hard p essed, and desiring to be " in the swim," jumped into the Thames, and filially found lier way into the garden of Her Majesty. From this the panestaking deer made a dash through the window of the Queen's sittiugroom without doing herself or anyone else an injury. A dear deer this. THE Salvation Army are doing a vast amount of good, there's no denying the fact, but on Monday morning they met with a signal failure on Poverty Point (that is, the Royal Mail corner), when one of them swooped down on no less a person than Colonel Ike Austin, the long-haired, crack rifleshot. They tried all manners of ways to talk the colonel over, and finally offered him a twelve months' engagement for a lecturing tour, at five pounds a week , making a stipulation that he was not to crop his ringlets. Ike's reply was taken down by our religious reporter verbatim, and those of our readers anxious to know what it consisted of will be enlightened upon application at this oliice. WHAT ! will the line stretch out till crack of doom '! We are called 011 to chronicle still another. This time from Lyons, a gentlemau rejoicing in the high-sounding cognomen of Mr. Hayacinthe Petit has written to His Excellency the Governor, offering to place at the disposal of the Government ail " iufallible rat trap " that will not only capture rabbits, but is guaranteed to dispose of all the biggest and fattest rats in existence. The trap is said to be a wonderful junk of mechanism, and visitors are persuaded to remain by being caught with a kind of glue or paste. The communication has, of course, been dealt with in the usual manner and Mr. Petit, it is more than likely, will not secure the lyons-share of kudos in disposing of Australian rabbits. Not much. THE latest attempted-to-be-burgled young lady is none less than our own Miss Nellie Stewart. The room in the hotel at which this young lady is staying at in Adelaide has been broken open. Fortunately, the lorrie-loads of diamonds were at the time safely under lock and key. Ibis ad., it will be observed, costs Nellie nothing. Oh ! sweet are the uses of advertisement. " No CARDS."—A correspondent writing under the above heading is of opinion that the board and lodging advertisements that continually crowd our d ily papers should, like thenotices of the weddings of now-a-days, wind up with, " No cards." He writes from Carlton, where he is living with a not over-pious family, whose back kitchen is nightly the head- quarters of a gang of card-playing neighbours. The room containing his virtuous couch is situated between the kitchen and that portion of the domicile known as the "nursery." The performance of getting the little ones to sleep, notwithstanding their f antic yelling, is perfect bliss compared to the thumping 011 the kitchen table of the excited card-players. Punctually at eight o clock the school is in, and the neighbours troop in tlnough the passage. Our correspondent is not aware of untold wealth in the shape of sundry tuppences that are at stake. He'll take his affidavit that by the wild Indian warwhoop, which would do credit to a Pawnee Chief of the far, far West, that accompanies each win, one would imagine that the company were playing for thousands. What with the youngsters playing a game of " crib " on their own ae.ouut, and the aged children, big enough, old enough, and in some instances ugly enough, to know better, in the back room, he has a rare old time of it. It may interest those people to know that the pious boarder remembe s them all in his evening's devotions, and in the meantime he is daily searching the newspapers for a board and lodging advertisement containing the magic words, " No cards," WJUAT a fine thing silver is—when you strike it. A mail might go on for yiars in the ordinary grooves of business, and never know what it is to make a fortune, and with mining - hey. presto ! — i r , limy come in a day The foregoing deep philos ophical and original reilections came into our mind hi consequence of our having seen last week in Adelaide, exhibited in the window of a prominent jeweller there, a magnificent diamond necklace and bracelet, value somewhere under £10'.i0. It was a present from a certain silver king to his prized better-half. Three years ago thi6 ]>ro en Hill magnate was earning £1 per week, and his wife was a dressmaker's assistant. Almost incredible, is it not, and yet strictly true. AN enterprising photographer has struck a brilliant idea. It seems that when youngsters visit his studio the fond patents are never satisfied until th?y have worried the operator to death, and insisted upon the kids being taken time out of number, ueverbeing satisfied with the first half-dozen sittings. The photographer's invention quite overcomes the difficulty, for it takes about a dozen at a time, in every conceivable direction. A " LADY " burglar is the very latest from Adelaide. This taking young woman has just been sentenced to a term of imprisonment with hard labour. She rejoices in the name of Miss " Fix." MR J. S. POTTS has been appointed secretary of the Mentone Racing Club. Mr Potts is well-known as a clever sporting writer, and has the reputation of being the best tipster on the Press. He is brimful of good ideas, and though personally of a modest and retiring nature, is most energetic and hardworking. The club, in securing his services, has well and truly laid the first stone in the foundation of what is likely to be a permanently successful venture. ON Monday last three Sydney men were discussing the topics of the day in the Wallsend Hotel. One of the trio accidentally dropped a lighted match into a keg of rum, which immediately exploded and severely injured the men. This the daily papers give as an item of news. Pshaw, we're not surprised at anything that Sydney rum will do. Tell us something it won't do. DIAMOND CUT DIAMOND. -A somewhat novel case, a bit of a romance in its^ way, is wafted from the suburbs, A few days ago a young lady had occasion to come to Melbourne by one of the tramcars. No sooner had she taken her seat in the vehicle than she was struck by a magnificent diamond ring worn by a fellow passenger, a young man. So much attention did the young lady bestow upon it, that everything else during the journey melted into nothinguess. At length the young man alighted from the car, and the young lady resumed her journey alone. Judge of her astonishment, though, on feeling for her purse, to discover that it had vanished. Naturally enough, the vision of the diamond-ringed young man rose up before her as the pickpocket. Believing implicitly of the old saying, that " What can't be cured, must be endured," the lady in ^question made no more ado about the matter, but hastened home blessing her lucky stars that the stolen purse contained but very little pluuder. Miss , on arrival, as a forlorn hope, set about giving herself a farewell search, when judge of her bewilderment on actually finding in her pocket the identical diamond ring that but a short time back adorned the finger of her travelling companion. Thoughts of paste and stage jewellery, &c; , were rapidly set at rest by paying a visit to a jeweller's shop hard by and finding that he estimated the value of the riug at about fifty pounds. The pickpocket had evidently dropped it while feeling the lady's pocket. Here for the first time in our life do we find truthfully illustrated the old proverb of— " A fellow feeling Makes one wondrous kind." The lady in question, we need hardly add, is looking out for more trams. WE are pleased—really pleased—at the enterprise shown by some of our local prints in these times of advancement. They keep up with the times right royally—at least some of 'em do, and notably the Herald. That spirited journal sees that the old snake stories are pretty nigh played out. It feels that its readers want something fresh—and by Jove ! the Herald is not going to let them want it, not much. The holidays are over and the people want some excitement; so what does the Herald do ? Why ; gives it them of, course. But none of your fourteen-feet snake yarns or boy-and-guu nonsense. Oh, no ; the Herald is alive to the fact that they are about played out. No ; it strikes out a new line—and this time it is the octopus. It came out, last week, bristling with some terrible, octopus yarns—perfect horrors of stories We congratulate the Herald on its new departure. The octopus as a subject is almost a new one, at all events a novel one, and offers a great field for the pen of the newspaper romancer, Gentle Herald, we thank thee We, too, in good time shall come out with an octopus yarn. But hard as we may try we shall not be able to beat the Herald octopus-man. Oh, that would be too hard. We could not tell 'em so stiff as he, not by miles ; anyway, it's a good idea, an excellent one, and far better than snakes, or seaserpents, or ghosts, or anything stale like that. Sweet Herald, adieu ! We look eagerly for more about your octopus. Go in and win, and give us more lemons. We enjoy it, and want more octopus. MR. E. STEIN FELD, the president of the Victorian Chamber of Manufacturers, is a gentleman who has been figuring somewhat prominently before the public of late, in consequence of the conference lately held in Sydney upon the subject of Intercolonial Free Trade—that dream, that romance of liberalism. Mr. Steinfeld is one of our oldest business men, and a splendid sample of the successful merchant. Liberal in views, and generous of heart, having amassed a considerable fortune, he spends his time and money in doing good to others. Being a widower, and without any immediate family ties, and having retired from business, he has every opportunity of exercising his generous instincts. A long life of activity and communal usefulness has mellowed down into a green old age. He has only one enemy—gout, but that cannot conquer him. Long may he, and all such as he, remain to us, says PUNCH, heartily. To which all of us say, Amen. WILL war break out in Europe? That is the great question of the day. But to PUNCH, the seer, everything is known, and he emphatically states that there will be wars and rumours of war. And this is how he figures it out:—The four figures, 1888, total 25. During modem times this is only the fifth time in which the aggregate of the figures representing the year make that amount. Now, there is an old prophecy (made by PUNCH'S greatgreat-great-great grandmother), which runs thus :— " In every future year of our Lord, When the sum of the figures is twenty-five, Some warlike kingdom will draw the sword, But peaceful nations in peace shall thrive." That this prophecy of PUNCH'S great-great-etc. has been true so far, the following little summary will show : —In 1699, Russia, Denmark and Poland fought against Sweden, and finished a terrible campaign by the defeat of Charles XII. at Pultowa. In 1789 the terrible French revolution broke out, 1798 witnessed Bonaparte's campaign in Egypt, and all the complications that ensued. In 1S79 war broke out between England and Afghanistan, when the former invaded the latter's territory. And now comes 1888 with everything at sin.es and sevens, and the finger of Fate pointing to a general European convulsion Figures are a great institution, and can be made to show many things. But they are exhausting, )and now that PUNCH has pointed out what must come he .feels he must calm his nerves and brace himself by a gentle quencher. A leetle lemon in it, please, miss, and yes—oh, yes, just a dash of water, too. WE have a serious complaint to make regarding a demolitii n that is going on to make room for the Exhibition grounds and annexes. They are pulling down the old watch-house in Nicholson-street, the one that stands opposite the convent, known iu the early days as White's buildings. This self-same watch-house was once quite a landmark, and has been built some forty years or so. It is a pity to pull it down, for it would have been quite a point of interest as one of the early Melbourne landmarks to visitors to the Exhibition. And then, too, it might have proved highly useful for some of the Italian counts, and German barons, and Mrs. Gordon-Baillies, and' Spanish hidalgos from Tipperary the great show is sure to attract. Aa it is, they will have to be carted oft' to Pentridge. BOTH the Melbourne and Metropolitan Liedertafels leave Melbourne to-day to take part in a Centennial celebration in Sydney in connection with the local University. The three societies, two Aid' bourne and one Sydney, are to take part and sing together as one, from which it will be seen that the good people of Sydney (whatever they have been guilty of we know not) will Lied-er-tafel of a life for the time being, 