SPORTING NEWS. ON THE FIELD. BY SENTINEL. Never within the memory of the most ancient turfite did the books get such a roasting as they did during the last Cup meeting. Derby Day, disaster; Cup Day, more dis aster; Oaks Day, continued disaster; Steeple chase Day, disaster doubly distilled. This is a trifle too much for one week, but it got there just the same. One big book had arranged for his banker ' to be ready with twenty thousand on settling, day. The “ ready” was ready, but he had to dip down for another eight thousand be fore the last ghost vanished. Averments are that the books invariably crack that they lose. If such has been the practice, they have cracked truthfully on this occasion. All the fair fielders fell heavily, the mixers not so heavily, whereas the plungers with the peucil got squarely engnlphed. Ballarat has won largely over tiie meeting. Blue Mountain's dual victories, Mentor’s dual victories, Bravo, Savanak, and Flash light’s single victories, will enrich local coffers to the extent of £30,000. There are sporting writers who will tell you that it is impossible to back a Cup winner for more than £35,000 to £40,000. I’d like to have for my divvy all that the ring paid over £lOO,OOO. A local sportsman who had the bad luck to be ill abed when the Cup was run had the good lnck to win £lO,OOO. Another erstwhile local sport, who had a horse of his own in the race, was £5OOO richer after Mentor’s wiu. And still another, this time the veteran Robert Orr, won a goodly sum on Mr Wallace’s horse. Among our local trainers, owners, ami horsey men generally Mentor and the Balla rat horses were profitable sources of wealth. Reports are to hand of middling, sub stantial, and big wins all over the colonies. After the stable, and the two wins, afore mentioned, fours iu thousands to ones in hundreds are as plentiful ns peas. Several of the bookies burst up under Cup pressure. The total amouut of deficiencies is within five thousand. Carbine realised 3000 guineas under the hammer. It is generally believed that the next time he strips the magpie jacket will be on board. Tradition went him 50 {guineas better and at 3050 it is supposed that the jockey who last sported the magpie jacket secured him. With the exception of Fisherman, sold for 3500, Carbine and Tradition fetched highest prices of any thoroughbreds sold in Aus tralia. Sylvia, 2650; Rose of Denmark, 2050: Warwick, 2000; Archie, 1S50; Chrysolite, 1750; His Lordship, 1S00; Fireworks, 1700; Darehin, 1559, are some of the other high priced racehorses. | {Punch has a magnificent cartoon in last week’s issue. Joe Thompson and Alf. Joseph got up in gladiatorial style, are de bating whether they will kill, or merely skin the prostrate lamb, which represents the public. They decide only to skin it and let it do duty again next year. So far so good, but the cardiual defect of the cartoon is, that the lamb has really got the gladiators by the lug. Not only is the iamb not skiuned, his fleece is abnormally long, whereas the skin of the ringtneu, what little is left of it, is decidedly thin and tender. Entries for the Dowling Forest reunion are only fair, and for Sandhurst they are not even that. The excessive number of racing fixtures in and around the metropolis is slowly but surely killing the up- country clubs. 