THE NATURALIST. OUR FAUNA IN THE EXHIBITION. 15r Kingston. No. I. Though manufacturing industry be dominant, and mining and husbandry its tutelary divinities, at the Centennial show, that love of nature which wolcomes with avidity the art of painter or of sculptor is an honored truest, and wood and stream and sea and hill are called upon, as well as the artist, to furnish each their quota for the world's cdiScntion and delight. Tims fauna and flora both are there— by tolerance and by sympathy. But when " mute Nature's worshipper," surmount ing the feeling of incongruity produced by unwonted surroundings, lias taken in the vast- U038 of the mighty whole, and would fain descend to those items of most interest to him, he will possibly come away from his first visit with the impression that Australian natural history (confining the term, as so often done, to the animal kingdom) is not so adequately represented as it might be. In each Australian court are collections of bird or beast or fish or reptile or insect, but none complete, and all so scatttercd over the huge building that the probabilities are that many of them will bo overlooked unless more time than most can spare be devoted to the search, or the visitor be as highly endowed with the talent for discovering collections as are those keensighted and fortunate individuals who find new fossils, plants, or insects where least suspected by thousands. A court where in "products of hunting, shooting, fishing, &c.;, and spontaneous products " were alone admitted would perhaps have shown us better what treasures have been displayed ; but would it not have savored too much of a museum, and been probably devoted to the fate of one such place we wot of, where specimens outnumber visitors as thousands do one, and where dust grows dense and silence too often reigns and drugs the very air to somnolence. Here surely some are seen, admired or wondered at, if but by those who look for other things, whilst those who fain would study the distinctive characteristics of the animal kingdom of a land which has been written of as " so remarkable by its faunal peculiarities that it lias been thought by some to constitute properly in it self a main zoogeographical division, ns opposed to the rest of the world," have opportunity else where. How otherwise could be pardoned the omission to make prominent that long missing link between animal and bird— the mammal that lays and hatches eggs, and which has been utilised since our last Exhibition to turn theory into faot, and weld into irrefragable strength another of the " countless rings" in the subtle chain which "the next unto the farthest brings?" Atrophy, in whioh the kangaroo, the platypus with eggs and young, and birds should figure would be but a modest reminder of that important discovery in tho science of evolution, even were it reared beneath tho central dome. Tho larger marsupials have had more justico done to them (one daring wanderer has oven reached the German court), but not too much. From New South Wales we were promised opportunity to study the class in all stages — from embryo to warlike "old man;" but if the promise has been redeemed its fulfilment is not readily discernible. Down tho "spire3 of form" ono may gaze, one secret cell of the many chambered past laid open to emit those "long results of time," tho fossil jaws and bonos of tho marsupial lion, around whose history so much of mystery and interest clings. Butcontompla- tion of such relics is but adding thirst to thirst to any but a scor. Could thoy but speak, but bring a vision of what wa3 when they had life, the problem of the buried past were advanced far onward towards solution. Ono might then know with certitude why, having been, these creatures are not,- and whether they perished from some sudden clinngc of climate, from drought, or were reft from their surroundings by a species of divorce, on plea of both, incompatibility of each with each. Those fossil fish — if but "stone fiatheads, bream and shark," as I heard said — are splendid specimens ; the " Australian inoa " remains, highly sttggcs- tivo if very fragmentary; whilst passing on wards, towards to-day, the pair of lmwks — one standing in triumph ovor tho prostrato rabbit, whilst the other looks greedily 011, have the ne cessary "touch of nature" iu their attitude.- But that strango mounted group behind the grand pavilion wakes fnncies of another kind — a vision of a woodland dance wherein tho emu " setting" to the lyre birds, and tho kangnroo having for vi$ a via two native companions, would bp performers. Do these unburiod ghosts .of their former selves ever dance fantastic mea sures iu tho vast solitude, beneath the few faint moonbeams when eleotrio light is gone, tho town nsleop, and silence is only broken by the "watchman's lonely round?" Were I tho latter, I should expect It. Two fino koalas olimb a limb placed on top of n show case within sight — spectators these, not orchestra. If tho othur birds cannot supply the music for that dance, it should be Tho undersong, Tho over old, the ever young ; And far within those undent pauses The ciiouu of tho aneiont Causes. Some nntivo cats and their young (also in the neighborhood) strike a discordant note, winch the night of puintcd and brown qunil, snipe and plover, cannot quito remove. When ono turns, howovcr, to tho numorous onses filled with birds of many kinds — regent, rifle, bower, and many another of great ornithological interest, anil sees how with many The hues of tho foathcra iinfolden Aro the grocn and tho purple, the bluo and the golden, the shadow passes, and naught but beauty oan bo thought of. "Unfootcd dolls and scorat hollows dear to noontide dew, " come baok In all their potonoy, with " breaks in tho oedar and- Rycamore bowers " — how our pool loved them — as an accompaniment. Many of theso beauteous forms are from the Richmond River ; others doubtless from Lands 111010 sacred to tho sun. Bird huos match flowers and leaves in those north lands, our sombre ones bedeck themselves and those who bore are bright grow brighter stilL The halcyon and azure kingfisher have livelier tones in plumage; but "pale their ineffectual fires" before that golden headed glory tho honoyeater, which perpetuates tho Regency— ore George the Fourth wa3 king. That bird's nesting still has charms for youth, despite all tho "wise saws and modern instances " of the humanitarian, has proof in the exhibit of tho Department of Publio Instruction in this court. One scholar shows his hoard, obtained by force or fraud no doubt, from crano and " Icatherhcad," diamond sparrow and wren, and has hi ono compartment of his case somo eggs of "Jncky Winter." An economist of space, and fittod with desire to show all his treasures, he has found lodgment within the nest of interwoven bark here placed inside the mud built cup of the grallina for an outspread bat. He further illustrates how birds aro often wiser than men in accepting as good whatever the gods may bring. Tho leaves that were their shelter on the tree having been killed, the little artisans havo made their nest from the lace like skeletons thereof, and out of misfortune drawn consolation' and comfort. But oh, instructors of the " corn- stalk " you tli, aro ye wise in "your generation in encouraging othcr3 to follow the examplc of this collecting lad ? Have ye ne'er he&nl; of awful ends to those who loved the speckled spoils in youth as does this- exhibitor of tho eggs of "Jacky Winter?" Were my own good books not long worn out, I would have passed them Oil. . : . i I Within the neighboring' court, if nothing in the cases of moths and butterflies which bedeck the entrance to tho Northern Territory division of South Australia's domain is moro beautiful than similar insects collected in New South Wales or Queensland — if oven equal to some of the Iatter's productions— we Southrons must feel envious of their brilliant hues. But some of these treasures aro worth notice. The showy fly, whose under wings are barred, and spottod with black and white and red in the orthodox fashion of butterfly scales, but whose upper pair are but gauzy framework such as the myrmclcos assume, save where two dark spots accentuate divisions into thirds, seems curious to many an eye. Though thence it comes not that the creature is rare. For centipedes as hero sot out excite much wonderment, and many a one of Victorian growth has been equally large. The long legged spider, whose span is some 9 or 10 inches, and which forms the central object in one case, deserves a glance ; whilst a moth of geometrical design, whose wings are triangles divided into othcra less in size by rich dark brown lines outlined in silvery grey, ha3 made more than one stretch the tenth command ment within touch of breaking point. The meridian anthills afford a strange insight into the building powers of the destructive termites of the North, and tho wonderful ramifica tions of the structures arc laid bnco by means of a section of one of the hills. Sonic turtle shells are -shown, and mattrcporcs of several sorts, one being that named brain coral, on account of the resemblance of its convolu tions to the structure of the brain. But not a worthy exhibit this from tropic sea. Thea beside shell fossils 011c finds but Pale glistening pearls, and rainbow colored shells. Bright tilings which gleam unreckcd of and in vain. Tho shells are of many varieties. Spring murex, turritclln, siplionnlia, venus, volute, all are there with nautilus — not the lovely '.'paper" shell — and many another form. But why amongst theso southern gatherings, that Even drifting, drifting drifting, Ou tho shifting Currents of tho restless main, Till in slioltcrcd nooks and reaches Of sandy beaches, All have found roposo again, a baby saurian should bp pkiccd is a mys tery. Those drawings by tho untaught blacks which Mr. Knight displays wero, without ex planatory notes, more readily" uudorstnnded of the people." Parinalaml shines not in faunal spoils, and has not from her vast territory either given us new or provided sufiioicnt of tho known. Like Oliver Twist, one longs for more, and finding none savo in the tabloaux of what was and is, with blaokfellow and gin, dingo and kangaroo, gum tree and other aborigines on the 0110 hand, and town and jilougli and toil ou the other, with a laughing jaokass to mock ono withal, seeks elsewhere "metal more attrac tive." Tasmania lias displayed both fish and flesh— or tho semblance of them. Tho Fisheries Com mission exhibit that long disputed " salmon" which . tho latest authority proclaims hut trout, and which tho next will perhaps rehabilitate in salino solar, glory. Trout also aro there. Hugo crabs and creveys occupy a oaso ; whilst ou tiro walls aro plaster casts of tho faces of tho last three of tho Tas- maniau natives— Truganini, Caroline and Augus tus— ht all their aboriginal blackness. Perhaps it is fitting that, native fishes he their wall companions, and that in , tho court in front should stand an exhibit from tho Tasmanhm museum in which "carnivorous", marsupials play so important a part. Tho "devil" seems well placed amongst these flosli lovers. Kan garoos aro there too, wombats, opossums, wallabies and snob brethren of tho potiolicd carnivor:e as wore doomed like Nebuchadnezzar to graze all their days. Whilst standing hero one's memory cannot but flit baok to days when kangaroos and their vegetarian kin wore not lightly cstcomcd. in Tasmania. When tho century was but 6 or 7 years old there was, se record says, in ' the now formed settlement a scaroity of food so groat that " kangaroo flesh was sold for Is. 6d. per lb., and that spooica of seaweed or salsolaccous plant (Atroplex halimus) called Botany Bay greens, was the chief support of tho inhabitants." Tho echidna, which figures in tho corner, was more relished, however. " Baked by the natives and old settlers cat A boating of mud," says Mr. Banco, "it was. soil to bo delicious eating," and many & GrppsunuLsi can hear testimony to Its having ptuservud toothsomoncss until far later days, even though wine of them were too fastidious to follow so primitive a stylo of cookery. It is doubtful if Truganini remembered that famine time. Her race was not a long lived one —at any rate, as records go, and since tlio white man came. Augustus, another of the miserable remnant of it, which lingered into our own days, had a tale of but half the century in years. Ami tho lubra who sat by tlio fire on the logs To watch like a mourner for liim— Like a mother anil mourner for htm. Well, the elder of the women reached just to. mail's allotted span. But Trugamui's people were no handful then. And of thorn now— alas ! naught livcth but a memory, and tlio day draws ever nearer when stuffed presentments of mar supials will havo the same sort of interest for the naturalist as have now tho plaster medal lions of departed aborigines for one inquisitive as to the island's ethnology. Perchance our successors may make casts of these stuffed animals to perpetuate the belief that such crea tures once existed, and were not; figments of the imagination. The three mouldering-skulls, tluoiigli which not long ago "tho worm crawled out and tho worm crawled in," will servo their turn as evidence. But is it accident or the grimmest of grim satire that the case which contains tho heads of tho three aborigines named above should hear tlio legend "Fossils characteristic of tho rocks of Tasmania?" No doubt the softer drifts would yield a plen teous crop it were better not todisturb, for island and mainland both have been sown with a har vest—fruit borne of " man's inhumanity to man." But the thought is gruesome. It is a relief to turn to -Mrs. Meredith's depiction of three of the bright-lmed marvels in ichthyology, or to the models of the velvet fish or tho rod carp, the magpie fish or the sqnid, or even that champion of ugliness the bonrfish, whose snout appears moro fitted for up turning turf than ploughing water. Tho real trumpeter with opal hues brings plcasantcr reminiscences, anil a longuig that its flesh were more readily pro curable here in all the delicacy of the freshly caught article. Ocean, though less stable, changes far less beneath man's sway than does tho firmer land, anil thus her treasures of fish and sponge, of shell and weed will remain for collectiou when bird anil beast have mostly passed away. Lot us hope that the oysters will thrive aud multiply, and that the case of shells here shown may bo tho forerunner of many a cargo of the molluscs from that interesting land "across the straits." But what of tho othor courts — New Guinea aud Queensland, tlio " land of tho Maori and the moa" who curiously enough has chosen for a trophy over tho entrance the wandering alba tross, and our own loved home ? Their turn will come. There is so much to say of each that I must now say naught. .The goil of bounds, who sets to seas a shore, Gamo-.to mo in his fatal round", anil said "No more ! " 