THE BREAK-OF-GAUGE DIFFICULTY. TO THE EDITOR. Sir— I have followed all along the different phases which this question has assumed from time to time, and when reading honest Preiss's confession in your Saturday's issue I could not help pitying him for having trusted the powers that be ; but how could he dare to enter the arena against such men as Messrs. Ramsey, White, and consorts. Why, he is only a German, and a German is as bad as an Irishman. Take, for example, our glorious little Mr. Glynn, who is fighting hard in Parliament for the land tax without the ghost of a chance. Why, does he not know that South Australia is ruled by our great landowners and capitalists, that his Bill strikes at the very root of their vested interests, and that they will oppose it to the bitter end ? They are both alike ; both are ex- erting themselves in a great national cause touching the prosperity of the colony, and both are treated with scorn. But I fail to understand the apathy displayed in the matter by our influential men, and in particular by our two great institu- tions, the Chamber of Commerce and the Chamber of Manufactures, who allow all commerce and industry to pass the very door of the colony and go to Port Pirie. It is all very fine talking of the natural course trade will take. Who has made Port Pirie the natural course but our Government by the construction of the narrow-gauge line. First the British Blocks Company erected their works at Port Pirie, and now follows the Proprietary Company, though they acknow- ledge the superiority of Port Adelaide in the way of facilities. The narrow gauge is the obstacle they cannot overcome, hence their preference for Port Pirie. And here is a man who will set the matter straight, and will lead trade into its natural channels, and not a soul takes up the cudgels for him. But in spite of all upholstering Port Pirie will only remain a secondary port, while Port Adelaide and Port Augusta are and will be the two great national ports of our colony. There is Mr. Rees with his gigantic outer harbour scheme. What a future state of affairs it will entail, though in my humble opinion a canal dug through the Semaphore would accomplish the same result without such an enormous expenditure of money. I cannot, however, blame our citizens so much as I do our Parliament, who have promised Preiss every facility to put his invention to a practical test, and actually induced him to spend his time and money on the work by handing him over a goods truck, and when by comes to the pointy back out. I do not blame our Premier very much for stating that it is no good, for though he is a great man in steering the State engine, he is but a poor hand at steeiing a locomotive engine, and that is the point. And how can we wonder at it ! When Fulton made his first trial on the Hudson, and the vessel suddenly stopped, who was the first to hoot him ? Why, his own father. And I can well understand that our good Commissioner of Public Works wants to throw all responsibility off his shoulders and on those of the Railway Commissioners ; but I cannot understand that there is not one member in the whole House who has the moral courage to say we must not break faith with Preiss ; we have promised him a trial, and he shall have it, in spite of the disinclination of the Railway Commissioners. Sir, I have a common interest in the matter with the whole of our colonists ; but I have also a special interest in it, as I am a shareholder in the Kuntha Hill Coal Company. We have sent a party up to disclose the hidden coal field, of the existence of which I am as posi- tive as Preiss is of the success of his inven- tion. We want to bring the coal down to properly develop our manufactures and in crease the prosperity of our colony, but cannot do so as long as the difficulty of the dual gauges is not overcome. Once Preiss's inven- tion is put into practice we can safely land our coal here, and dispose of it at a profit able price. Therefore I want every possible influence to be brought to bear on the proper quarters to accomplish this desirable object, I am, Sir, &c; . INTERESTED. Stepney, November 22, 