Boston Spouliti. Tho following is ono of tho ghost -stories which nro floating about in tho general re vivul nf nil things spookisli whioh has beon upon us for a couple of winters. Tho Eesea are a family us well known as any going out of Boston to tho North Shore, where they havo a beautiful Bummer homo.' Somo yeara ago Mrs. Ess, a charming and cultured woman, died at Hartford, whoro sho had beon staying for a short visit. On tho day of hor death her family physician chanced to call at tho houso at the seashore to ask for the health of thn n.Tisnnfc ludv. n:5 hft hnd lipnrd nf t.hn illness at Hartford. Ho waa assured that she was better and thatjj a letter received that morning pronounced hor out of danger. As ho was leaving tho houso ho saw Mrs. Ees cross tho lawn and enter tho houso by a side door. ..Sho £iyiaaJLsufWiui-*i&W.feot-fcoiu.; him,' but guve no sign of heing awaro of 'his presoueo. Ho returned hastily to tho houi-o, but no one had heard any ouo enter by tho side door, which, indeed, proved upon exami nation to bo looked on the insido. Tho tele graph soon brought nows of tho death of Mrs. Ess, which had taken placo at that hour in Hartford. Thu story iaunlikomany another ono which haa been told, but it derivca weight and interest here from tho standing of tho family aud tho oxaotness with which tho do tails are vouched for. Thoro are, however, a good many ghost tales belonging to Boston familios, which elderly ladies can upon occasion bo induced to repeat for tho edification of appreciative hearori) ; and in this connection it may be re called thut tho venerable Commodore Robert Bennott l^orbes, in his 'Autobiography,' gives as a reason for taking a certain courao : ' I wus influenced ulso by a very romurkable dream at Conception, in whioh I saw my wifo in groat distress, mourning over o member of tho family. This dream mado so great tin impression on my miud that I determined to go homo by tho first vessel. It was afterward proved that tho dream occurred pimul taneously with the funur.il of my wifo's mother, Mrs. Smith. I had bucomo somowlmt tinctured by superstition in regard to dreams by tho fact that on my way to China iu 181U I had had a similar premonition as to iho death of my little daughter Rosa. — 1'roeiilciicc Jonnml. 