yfyKwecHOEs of pall ; mall . ISOH OOB OoBRlBPONDlNT.l ' - ' LONDON, 3BD ADOCST. w2'>?-v-;V.-Ne ?" MM astonishment expressed tliat "r ' f witty.a nation- a3 the French has -no little . .. »en,e of Lumor ; but it is much more surprising \- - 1 Americans, vrho have a sense ot humor 1 — a»J a very strong one— should he utterly . hliml to what is ridiculous in their own national i behavior. It seems as if tho Kngiisli were , -V ? the only people who can. afford to laugh j-,- ' v: at themselves.; The last development of \- this weakness in oiir Transatlantic cousins . is a passionate denial of their having any want delicacy and refinement, which Matthew (though he praised them much in other vfays) ventured to impute to them. It is not ' generally known, but the American press is so exceedingly delicate that it abstains from men- ?: tioning the fact of any increase to a gentleman's ; family ; there are no " llirtbs " in an American / newspaper. Not content with this proof of a writer in the Forum, this ; month, attaoks Knglish authorB for their unnecessary coarseness. Kven the purest , hiigfLsh literature (though ho steals it) makes the American reader shudder; "it .f,-.' sOcms to his startled imagination as if tho 'V eft us of Jlilo had opened her marble lips and >.V . begun to ' curse and swear." Everywhere' in ' English literaturo ho finds the oll'eu- . . sivc . word "stinkhig." "One English (Y; \ author writes," says this sage of tho ; ' Ferritin, "as a rule 1 hate pooplo that stink "f m-W-y," He -,lo.s j%nt an.m to know thattho ' ' phrase is proverbial, and comes from a no le3S ; classic source than Horace himself. , What ho u.? forgets, too, is that in a country where tho . ' ' almightydollarisworshippeditispossiblcthatany coutcmjit expressed for it may bo resented upon iV other grounds than mere coarseness of c.\\- ' pressioD. Again Mr. Froude, nnd "even so . v graceful a writer us Mrs, Ewiug," are taken to ' task for tho use of the word " nigger ;" hut is it ; nut >ossiblo that here too tho reference to an \- individual who has hut lately become " a rnau and a brother " should be odious, to American < . ' earn for other reasons than for its .coarseness 7 'o English writer with -any sense of humor ; could, I think, have thus put his foot in it ,'lw'ice. ' - r - There have been two " deooration scandals" J , rejiortcd in the same week from opposite ends of ? the earth, which shows how mankind aro tickled .. v- by straws from Paris to Pckin, and that tho ' star and Carter " is the most populay house of call in the world. In Pekiu there has been discovered a huge manufactory of false decora- ' - tious, with forged seals affixed to the necessary documents, each containing " tlio sacred : ijame of the Imperial - Commissioner." ; Tho , C-'- principal criminal has, of course, been (lccapi- ' ? : tated j but there is tremendous excitement in the Celestial regions, .where titles .are „ . everything, as to " U'ho.is who," or whether 7 Eoo Choo has really a right to his peacock's ' feathers, in Paris, us hclUs a higher state of civilisation, the forgeries of orders have been ,g7; ' ' much more ingenious. ACnnou'of the Church ' : — perhaps from the beucvoleut motive of giving the moat pleasure to the greatest number — undertook to he "the fountain- of honor" and gratified a good many people at a not unreason able rate, llut instead of merely imituting the existing orders of merit, he invented now , ones \- of Ids own. Ho added no " companion " to tbe knight of tbe garter, but " created " Ins clients " associates of tbo Waistcoat .Strong," " C'omniauders of tbe 'most noble order of tho Shirt Button" and so on. Franco is very angry about- it" — one' hardly sees why. The uamcs of her titles of honor are already try ion and one or two more, which appear to have given their recipients every satis- taction, cannot make much dilfercuce. . The last French receipt for political advance ment for miliury persons is charming. Prnotiso . tbo small sword ull your life ; get elected to tlie Chamber of Deputies ; call some other member of . it (from the tribune) a liar four times, aud . thereby compel biiu to challenge you to a duel. , Always select ' a civilian (who has not practised tbe small sword) ; the older he is the iiettcr, and if he ho the Prime Slln.-.cr so much the better still. This is much better (and safer), than .lighting the Germans, .which you must, liowCver, consistently talk about. You may thus become Military Dictator some dny. Who knows?' > i il ho American bishops are much more out spoken. than, our English- prelates, and do not stand so much upon tlwir dignity. Emerson's complaint that;1 : when you . have, heard some clergymen discourse \- it was difficult to imagine that they wero fellow creatures of our own, docs not apply to them. I ventured to ask one of them the other day whether tho position of the Epis copal Church m America was not somewhat similar to that once occupied by the' established church m England, concerning which it used to be said that "no Dissenter keeps ' bis uarringe after tbe second generation." Ho admitted, with a \- smile, that this was so to a.ccrtuiu extent. "Somapeoplo join us, no doubt," ho said, " to obiam a social status. A curious instance of this once occurred to me. A rich man, lesscclc- (,'. .. hinted for religious fervor tluin for other things, . - ? called on ino aud expressed bis intention of joining : i our communion. I guardedly expressed my satis: . faction. There is ono thing, however, 'he said, ,, 'about your doctriuc which I can't get over, ljo you bold that people ore punished for over?' , I explained to bun that the' meaning of theword awmoa was disputed, but tlmt iu any case it. meant n very long time, perhaps thousands of years. .'Indeed,' be said, frowning, 'nnd:ilo y.ou mean to say there is no " lot up" ?' I replied ; that if ho meant by that expression, had'woany, v... uuthonty for supposing that the dogma would . 1m modified, there was no lot up. . 'Well „ then, I tell you what it is, Bishop, ourpeojtle won't stand it.' Aud with that he went away and I saw no more of him." ' It -is seldom that any thing dramatic comes . out of " a sail for on hour " at the soasidcj un less indeed you're drowned, -which sometimes happens; but tho inmates of .the Hastings plcuBuro boat May tho other day were excep tionally fortunate. They picked up a man in tbo sen with very little life in him, wliii, when like tho May herself, ho was "brought to," explained that bo had thrown ' himself overboard from a three - master nearly a mile away in consequence of the brutal, treatment he hud been subjected to. Presently a four-oar boat put off from the vessel, and; coming up with the pleasure takers, shouted, "Give us hack our man." Hut " 'Any " nnd his friends havo their good in stincts. Mary Anno aud Jemima Jaue threw- tho <cgis (so to speak) of their petticoats over liim, and replied with one voice, " "Wo haven't seen no man, wo haven't." They .also sub scribed somo money for him, and tlio men fur- . . nlsbed him with somo dry clothes, and now he' ' is in tlio Sailors' Home at "Whitecliapol, and is not going to sea again in a Hamburg boat, he ; - says, if he kuows it. It is not generally understood that a 'slight is muoh harder to put up wi'th than an insult ; for aa insult may he given in the heat of the moment, hut a slight can only arise from the cdutempt.that is entertained for your character or position.' It is not called a slight because it is" of no corisoqucuce. A similar importance, it seems, is attached, in lovo matters, to "a huff." , . Eight years ago a bridegroom wont off in "u huff " from his brido upon their wedding dny in Dublin and instantly took ship for New Zealand. Nothing was heard of him till ho turned up last week, on tho very morning of tho day when his wifo was to bo married to somebody else. He had rim it very fine, but not tou fine. Tlio lady was enchanted. No doubt she made liim admit that he was wrong about tho huff, the >. particulars of which he had jirohahly forgotten ; .but Bho received him with rapture, and' they went ofl to finish their interrupted marriage ; i . day, apparently to tho same place.. "What be came af-nuinbcr two is not recorded, but 1 don't think ho is to be pitied. Somelottn must have had a sweet temper. 'It has always been a ground or complaint ? !: aguinst tho incumbents of city churches that : ; nobody goes to them; but when somebody \- who is somebody happens to do it tho circum- stanco seoms to be made tbo most of. I read in , - the papers tho items of a littlo hill tlio church- : , . wardens of ono of these churches have scut iu to . tho parish for tho entertainment or reception — ono hardly knows under what head to put the expense of going to church — of tlio Prince of "Wales. " ltenovating prayer book und bible, (....?. 15b.;. four- book-markers, £3 3s.; violet cloth" .frontal, embroidered and fringed, £9 19s. ?y.''- W.;" and "paid" policeman for taking w. wqmanj into ouctody, 2s. 6d." The last item hardly of an. ccblesiastical cliorocter, but ft j6389 lOt- W. li seems to cast a good deal to entertain a Koyal Highneas in church; but the visit, of course,? was very flattering." " ' X know nothing like this appreciation of " graclousness" siuce tlie visit of the Duke do Nivemais,- in the 17th centuiy, to bLs dying steward. "V\ ishing to see how matters stood with the poor fellow, the duke stepped into the room nnd had tho extreme condescension - to make personal inquiry into tho state of his health. - Tho steward, utterly bewildered by tho honor, raised hirasolf in his bed with great difficulty, and said, in a tone of the most abject humility; " I -hope your grace will not be offeuded at my dying in your presence?"' Tho duke, deeply touched, answered,' "Not in the least, my good friend, do not mind me ; " whereupon tho steward availed himself of tho gracious permission of his master, and gave up tho ghost. - ' The incorporated society of English authors have been entertaining their American brethren in a very hospitablo and friendly fashion. The whole affair seems a subject of great congratu lation. Mr. Lowell, to whom all owe so much, was the chief spokesman, and what ho said wiw' as usual very noteworthy. In explaining why tlie United States was the only civilised nation in the world that had hitherto denied international copyright ho had, however; rather a difficult ' task. " I cannot, I confess," he said, "accept with patience any imputation tlrat implies that there is anything in our climate, or our form of government, which tends to produce a lower standard of morality than ' in " other countries." I never heard . of this . .charge ..being brought against' the ' climate of tlie United States, but as for tho. other tiling' it is no use being " impatient " about .it.. Curiously enough Mr. Lowell' ascribes thissUortcomiug to the sanie cause wliich Matthew Arnold has already shown to be tbe chief stumbling block of American opinion, "tlio worship of tlie average man." "Literature," Isays: Sir. Lo-.vell, "tbo property in an idea,, has been something that bits ' been ' very difficult for tbe average man to comprehend. It is visible and palpable, tills property in an idea, when it is exemplified in a machine, but is hardly so apprehensible - when it is Bubtly interposed in literaurc." Still average men exist in other countries wliero literary property is re cognised, so that Matthew Arnold's account of their " worship" in America would seem to havo somo foundation in'fact. ' How great is tho value, of more MS. to those who can't get it .printed. How priceless seem the words for whiah. it is possible through the ignorance or uiiworthincss of editors, tho world may be none tho wiser. AV'hat are "illuminated MSS."— the mere outcome of -Ia'.: mecboui- cal ' art, highly colored no doubt, and gilt in a very meritorious and laborious manner — compared with an original comjiosRioii intended for the X'ress ? Let editors say what is thought by contributors of those precious sheets when they have the misfortune to go a missing iu tho post, or be otherwise mislaid. "Nothing, sir," nothing can repay mo for tlie loss of tho MS., .the material fur- which I havo beeu amassing for a lifo time, aud of which I have, unfortunately, no duplicate." As a general rule the composition is not worth one halfpenny beyond tho value of the paper it is written upou to nnyono -hut the .owner, yet , I confess I sympathise with his calamity. Iu the caso of newspapers, tho return of MSS. is of course an impossibility, but, the magazines whiah, while remaining open to general contribution, assert that rejected topers will not ho in any case re turned must bo father " a scaly lot." "What I object to is the row tiiat is made about tbo loss of au MS. which is not sent to an editor, but to some good nutufeil soul whom tho proprietor lias picked out because of his good nature, and forwarded to hira without any invitation at dlL Tlio caso is exactly similar to that of tho enter prising publisher who leaves the first number of his illustrated ' serial at ' my doo'r with the promise of calling for it: (and for my first instal ment of subscription for the 50 numbers) some day in the ensuing week. "Why oil 'earth must .1 bo troubled with . the custody of his worthless production, or forced to pay- forfeit for it if it' is lost? In that .oase, however, our responsibility.' is limited to 2s. 6d. at most, whereus if tho MS. is lost; tlio writor, according to his own nccount, is riiiho'L No ono hut a fool, of course, would have trusted so. priccloss a docu ment out' of his hands without retain ing a duplicate of it uuless he were a knave, which In nine case's out of ten he turns out' to bo. His f'enl objects generally to got the MS. lost and to recover damages. Under which head tho gentleman comes who has been recently "manuscriptiug" Mrs. Gladstone it is unneces sary to decide ; but tho style of his epistolary correspondence beats anything I have hitherto seen in this line, af which I have a very largo experience. " My 31S. bus not been returned," he writes to her soil ; "disaster xvill follow here at home, and England will. witness in 18S8 what France went through in 1788. Hohmer's diamond necklace— my SIS. History has 'Btrangcr coincidences than these ; an. I history repeats herself." "Hero is a fash indeed," 'salll the Jew, when the' thunder storm burst upon him as he was eating pork; "here is n fash -indeed about a bit iff bacon." The bringing poor Mr. Glailstono (who seems to havo hnd nothing to do with the loss of tbo MS.) into tho business is really a most humorous touch, ' " Personally speaking, I am deeply grieved that ho should be tlio sacrifice offered up, but Justice, true Justice, heeds no personality." Which is very fortunate, or there would bo a good many people in gaol just now. " Light come, light go," is a motto I once pro- posed for a sundial which -gave great satisfac tion. It is a proverb which has always pleased mo, ns being one of the very fow old saws which do uot cut both ways. "Tako care of the penco and the pounds will tiikc care of themselves," for example, is obsolutely blocked and " spiked," as it were, by "penny wise and pound foolish ;" und so it is with nine-tcutliu of those sayings which have licun so admirably (but much too complimentnrily)' defined as " tlio ' wisdom of many and the wit of one." But "light come, light go," is as correct as it is concise. Who can forgot, who has once seen itj thiit graphic picture in Jack Mytton's life of tho gambler sleeping in his post cliaiso aud four, while his lightly gulton gains aro making to themselves wings, as hank notes will, aud flying, out of- the carriago window. Who over heard of a gambler "making npiirso " (though ono has often h'card him talk of it) ! of his winnings, and putting them by against that day of ill-luok which is so sure to come. ' I am old enough to remcrabor tho railway, mania, when evory one who could use: a theodolite was worth (for a week or two) liis weight in gold, and a oivil engineer wassynono- moils (for tlio same jierioil) with a millionaire. How, those young. gentlemen flung about tlieir money, while it lasted, with both hands, and at the end of the year wero as poor as over 1 Somo of thorn had a dinner at the old Clarendon, for tho express purpose of seeing how oxpensivo a dinner could beuiailo, anil tho experiment n'-l? so for — very successful. But thcro is nothing' to which tlie phrase " Light come, light go " is so applicable as to tlio procc-eds of theft. Thoro were two uramplea of it hist week, wliiclr ' seem to "boat tho record," and throw cvuu the famous plan of lighting pipes with £5 notes into- the shade. A boy of 11 years of ago steals £32 ; lie buys threo ' watches with it for 10s. 0d. etichj' nnd finding tboy did not go well, throws them away ; lie buys nn oporn gloss, and loses it ; he gives threo or four half sovereigns to h younger brother, and tbe rest uf the money escapes through a hole iu ids pocket. In another case, a more advanced youth of 18 gaina possession of £200 by iorg cry, and having bought n bicycle I nnd some other things with £40, "not exactly knowing what to do with tlio rest of the gold, und being alarmed lest it should be found hi his possession," he "throws £160 int-o tlie river." It is voiy seldom tlut a new fashion promises us anything iu tho way of economy, but the last " fad " of the upper classes iti Paris may possi bly, ono hopes, result in cheapness. It has become the vogue among smart French people to wear jurticnlax gloves. This docs not of course mean gloves that hare been soiled at a party, hut gloves of different hue for tho left hand and tho right. This will nt least givo au oppor tunity for those who havo lost or spoilt one of their pairs to maka the other useful. Instead of two " odd" aiiis, that might otherwise just as well have been thrown away, or made into thumb stalls, tliey will now have one' pair literally iiiudo to their hand and in tho prevail ing fashion. Tbo whole question of commission"— the h little something that C thinks he deserves tor arranging a business matter between A aud H — is, as the poet phrases it, "clouded with a doubt." ,Soine ,say it's n fraud, some confine tkenuelvca to? saying it's a scandal (and it w t ?f ' - . J 7 tainly- produces- a- good many scandals), and florae flay ifcV all right. It is a subject on which I abould like to ' know something from practical experience, flo as to say 44 these intermediate people nro quite wrong (or quite right) to keep thu money." Tho more delicate the operatioo, however, it stands to reason the greater claim the middleman has to compensation. There wasa case of commission the other day which involved the tenderest emotions of the human heart. A German Jewess applied to a magistrate about it in behalf of her husband, who was too modest, she said, to put himself forward. Another young Hebrew, also very bashful, had applied to him to procure hlxn a wife, for which serrico he promised him £4. "Without much trouble, as it would &eein;, tho young lady was obtained, and the bridegroom, In a fervor of gratitude, gave the go between a brooch and a pair of earrings, a curious present, it may be thought, for one gentleman to givo another; but there are many curious things about commissions. Presently, however, tbe 1 shy bridegroom became less enamoured of his beloved object, and not only declined to .marry her and refused to pay tlie £4, but actually wanted the brooch aud earrings bqek. Appli cant's wife, who was wearing them, wished to know if such a demand could bo tolerated in a Christian country, and the magistrate, being of opinion that these jewels were independent of the commission, decided, to her obvious satisfac tion, that it could not.: . 