I'IND G-UOVW, l'OTT'S I'OINT, SYDSJSr, Ukak Mauuo,—t just arrivod hero in time for foot the celebrations, whioh woro kept up with burst ot enthusiasm, that sober-minded people Lly road oE these tilings oan have no idea of tho fjinks that wore carried on. It was one continual 1 |tdln of carousal# and conviviality, buifoonory | kuciuots. Of course all our party caught the i jftou, and boliaved in a mora or less insane manner, j ft i» over now, and in Phillip and Maaqunrle uno no longer sees the masculine portion of ■ walking homo on Its hone],—or trying to,—and plo llto has bcuome tired of llshing out of balcony , p\vn for tho hats of tho passers-by, Of course tho ml gaiety has had the subsequent result oE a of molanuholy and general grumbling. And ty people can grumble—they are artists at lb, If [want anything thoy grumble till thoy got It, and ptart grumbling over again boaauso thoy fancy it' what thoy wanted. As a matter oE fact, thoy know what they do want, but thoy grumble all Suie. At tho unveiling oE tho Queen's statuo tho 1 Ipolitnu sehool-eUlldron wore oaoh promised a now itg, ami mono fiCty were singled out for bronrio TIiIh was actually done, but bocauso ovory witliln ton mile# of. tho alty was not to tho fore ooohhIoh, thuro Is muoh indignation felt, and the Its of the non-favourod ohildrou are just malting rm Cor the schoolmasters and centennial oommls (kmi-i luttor unforfcunatoB tiro not reposing an bydH of junt now, for ivh most paoplu have sulfovacl aorao |g disappointment la the oourso of tho fastiva <ht, It hoouih to bo nn understood thing that body inumt Im ooarltlod to nuiko umunclH for tho kli'fi Ho by gonaral oonHarit tho oomniltialonors llohud upon and abutiod In good honest; opon fitylo. |uro made io understand that thoy luvvo loadud jmukry with a heavy debt Cor no purpose at all jl to oulurtaln nuoh men an tho Adelaide IGbono/.ur Imrown Ibingnrruo <) 01 ton, who, of cum wo, being In to Mm Coast llow like vultnrun and a to up all pouhl, Thoroforo Messrs, ('knuudMsloiioni have ho outtlng and uncomplimentary thingii nald of [that tlioy wish thoy had never boon burn, ov that Bimlunary hud uuvor boon thought of, Tho |wt ourmi whloh oouhl bo prouounoud upon thorn ho that thoy uliould llvo for another huudrod and undo mora appear In tlio niuuo odloun [by, Inn roforrlug to grumblers and Calluim, tho bm hui'o have Intorotibul Munnsulvos about Tlorr I'd oonUmary oantata, Thin gentleman, ItHootus, litiod an nhuHlon Cor tlio oontomilal, oxpootlng tho finnuiit to patronise him. That Is, llorr Alpon |ld lo uinko a reputation for himself without any lo, and gut somebody olao to " pay tho plpor," |ui Milliliters of tho Orown objected to tlio ouin Ifi Uttlo imhoiuu, oonmnnuinl.ly, rath or than ho with ^iiio, Inf po.uhiood his oantata hlninulf with the F Who m, tho rutin It oC Ids ambition, llorr Alpon pot mni(d tho miht.it.>! tuauhurii, and ban lutluounud [hi havn tin, oantata ropoatod, ,11 In reasoning I'll'pio I ho lout Hit by tho Unit poiI'oi'inaiiooi but |idd Im ipidu willing oi glvti another If (ho o.v iurnt paid, mui nCtor recouping bltnrndf. wi.uild '"'hdiun uvor to tho oharltlos I This worn out cry of the charities fetched them, and tho^ cantata was onoo more inllloted, with more disastrous results than ever, although nearly 2000 children \y_ere persuadod to come out in the wet to lend their aid. It Is to bo hoped that a third repetition will hot,bc^ considered necessary, If ho only keeps it long enough; Horr Alpe'n—and Mr, John Plummcr, who lias also had something to do with the composition of the caritata— may persuade tho Government to pass on act of Par liament to wipe off tho Increasing dobt and then giva a final performance for the " charities.'' T most not forgot to toll you of the harbour illumin ations, Cor tliey are a memory for n lifetime. Sydney people In the' exuberance of their Ccntonnlal joy, de clared that theharbonr should be lit up with flroworks( and accordingly Messrs, Pain got tho bontraat and made gigantic preparations. Thora wore three differ ent points almost in a triangle whera the illuminations wore bavrlod on, but long before tho appointed hour every ship in tho harbour dookod Itself out with as many bright lights as it oould muster, while anything that carried a mast had a festoon or lanterns attached j and as the sailing skiffs, ploasure boats, and stcam yaohts cut their way through tho rippling water, lb seemed as if thousands of lights had taken possession of tho harbour for somo metoorlo frollos of their own, The fireworks wore late In commencing, nnd people be came Impatient, oaoh person domanding angrily of the other what lb all meant. But just when tho murmuring .lyul the grumbling wero getting unboarabio a sharp detonation of 100 rockets in quick succession offootually stopped tho trouble, and every gn/.o was turnod heavenwards. As tho fiery balls shot smoothly upwards I was reminded of nothing so mudh as hissing snakes racing oaoh other Into tho sky, This salute was answered by a oaunonado of many colored bombs from tho opposite pit, while the third station seemed to blnsse into an onormoua sboaf of wheat, which suddenly burst Into an avalanohe of golden grain. Tho men-of war lying at anchor suddenly shonq out In brilliant lights at their orossyards, whioh changed from white to rod, and linally to green. Q-ovornmont House was boautUlod by several hugo olootrlo lilmps hung outsldo, whloh east a strange fantastic glare on tho shrubs and trees around, This was just what the multitude wanted, and they oriod " onooro " with enthusiastic de light, tho fooblo hum of human voices being lost In the roar of tho ascending mortars, as thoy glldod into tho atmosphere, and burst over us in bouquots of starry colored (lame. Occasionally tho sholt of some doviatlug rooUat would fall amongst tho orowd, giving somoone a rather savoro knock.. The youthful members of tho orowd wore mad with joy to soo a showor of sparksdoaeondlng on tho unwary with disastrous con soquonoos i thoy absolutely ohoorod with gloo, and if Homo unCortiinato got a spark In his eye, tho entartaln inunt was all the more attractive to thoso young (lends, With thuso trilling oxooptlona tho general opinion was that tho lllumluatlona wore perfuot, though some tin satlHllod Individuals would Insist on putting in a vo mombranue of tho Jubltuo in Juno last. But tho noise and smoke and tho douse orowd continued to make the afl'alr a moniorablo ono. And at tho oloso of the ,/h« lllltlM' II IIIVIIIIUI»I'IU ... <l<< joio, lii wliluli tho wholo hiu'Liui'HuoinocI to.lmvo burst Into Mio uojiiiooriitlng uploniloui' of myriads of roii'ilomlont stars, tho ships joined lit tho fun by trying to play Homo miul nil1 on tholv whistles and fun nolfl, And hh Mio Irradiations til oil away tliu pluuo ttocmiod to bo llllod w)tit shrinking tlo« nioiiH, howling, yelling, hooting, iioroauilng some Imrlmroitn tiuiti. Tito olVoot wns something Inlufioilb ably groiumptn, nntl oaustid tmioli laughter amongst tho iniilllMido a# tliny roMit'iiod homo. h'oit Lhuatriual uowii, Mlwi huniiora llniluun lias ininhi hormilf popular ovor here, far moi'o mo tlutii In Molhnni'iui, SVImn mho (lout oiuno out, Alio was hu iiiiioIi ho|i(ilVod ttuit people uxpuotud too iniioli altogether, hut Bydiioyltoii hearing of hot' only moderate iiuoouu* In llio t'lvnl oity, mid soiling Mutt nho wioi not ml voi'Mnud ahull* have buooiun (ill(o oaptlvutud mid ulin In Mio rugo. It In only what, she deserves, huuuunu n ulovuror little no Irons wo have not Intd for soinu tlirni, Tlioro In a di'ciulful hoy who Infests tho theatres here—but prhi <il|/itlly reigning muju'ooio at tlin C'rlturloii—n horrible hoiug that Hlioiitu " Ainorluiw uaiuly, a shilling a box I" ^fro'm th^Ttoo.thg drop falls till it rises again. When ho istlrecr of/Shouting he takes to croaking, and after .crqalcihg he''has roooursa1 to wheeling, until one oilers up a prayer-'that he will choice by eating his own ,pandyi >as'he has never been seen to sMl any of it. -Why docs not Mr. jlrough Interfere and atop the nuis ance by throttling him, If necessary? At this theatre, lately,' at . the Centenary Sunday night concert several of the ohorus assslstod by singing M. Loon Oaron's now Australian National Anthem for which little act of courtesy Mr. Solomon, the pro prietor, presented each one, the ladies predominating, with a half gulnoa pair of gloves, A aioitE important thoatrloal presentation was to Mr. John Wallace, tho popular stago nianagor of the W.G. and M, combination, from the ohorus gcnlloinon of tho Princess Theatre. Tho little souvenir was a jubilee sovereign prettily fashioned for a pendant, and suit ably inscribed. By tho way, Mr. J. 0. Williamson doservos the thanks of tho wholo fraternity for tho exquisite littlo Mikado programmes ho has introduced nt tho dress circle of tho Theatre Royal. On tho ono side is a logibly printed oast of characters, and on tho other a colored Japanese picture. And for which ono is, or should bo, full of gratitudo,'m thoro is not the ghost of a shadow of an advertisement to mar tho picturesque eflfoot, As yet thoy are ojnllnad to tho dross-oiralo, but it is tho thin - ond of tho wodgo whiqh heralds an important and progressive change in pro* grammes. I atrtu'osjs you think that, as f am just now in Syd noy, I would nogicot Melbourne news. Nothing of tho kind, you shall hoar from mo of all that is worth know* lug, ns I have made arrangomonts with several friends to keep me, as tho French say, an uourant ties aj/'airott, Tho most interesting item .1 have re ceived from Molbourno is the marriago of Miss IQclith Gibson, daugthor of the into Mr. Richard Gibson, stock and station agent,'and 'Mr, Reginald Tuokotb (brother of Olty Giunolllor A. H, Tuokott), :i: hoar that the ceremony was performed at the ro»l donoc of tho bride, Sydnoy Road, Parkvlllo (boquoathod to hor by her fathur). Tho affair was very quiet, and afterwards tho happy pair loft on tholr honeymoon for bytlnoy, whonoo thoy prooeed to Now 'Zealand,'and later on to Mnglaud, Olty Councillor Tuokotb is married to an oldor slstor of tho'brldo. Mrs, Tuekott, L may toll you, is in roooipt of an inaomo of £2000 per unuum by her Author's will, and hor husband Is also what tho world oa)is " well olf," being loft a compet ence by ids father, wiio died on board the Britannia on iter last voyage to Molbourno. Yours ivIXootlouiUoly STKLl/A. Mihs Jossto LfowlaPi tho ludy -phroholojjUfc", o£ Lon don, dollvorod a looturu la tho Presbyterian Ohufcuh, Taradalo, tlio ofthor ovonUiy. There was a arowdad at tendance, and Mr, Gordon M,L,A,, prosldod. MIhs Fowler's looturu was most attentively llstonod to, duel lior ohmr exposition of tlia sulouoo of phrenology drow forth ropoalod bursts of applause. At tho otoso of thu Iooturo a oolluotlou was tukou up to assist In ro-roollny tho church, ivtul MissFowlur was awarded a hearty voto of thanks. Tut! oablo annouuuos that Hlr Graham Lorry, thu Ayunt-Gonoml, has boon noyotlatlnK with llarr likhuu'd Strauss, thu uouduutor nL' thu famous Austrian baud, to uonduot thu muslual purformanoos at thu forthoomluy Melbourne OuiiUmutat iOxhlhltloii, and a later oablo auuotuiuus that arruuKimionts liuvuboou oonuludod with Mr, l''. Uowon, tho wull-luiown ooinpo.ior and uouduu tor, to undertake thu position, Now wu hoar that Messrs, bldUduor and Gout/,, tho well-known uatorurs, lutund brhucluK out from Vlimtuv the bust proourabla band of t'o soloists, under tho luiulorslilp of ait olllulont bandmaster, to purfortu dui'lnp thu exhibition season. All', (louts Im now In Vtumia devoting IiIh attoiitlon to thu matter, Thu flontunnlal Uorumoitlul Uommlttuu Imvo, wo understand, itoinu tbno nun rooolvud an offer from Alt', Mdllu|(or to supply a hand at a loss nod, than I,hoy would probahly ho ablu to proouiu thomsolvos, d« inatloi's stand, It. Is uvlduiif that thorn sv•!! Ii0 ItCi lank of lli'stoilaiis InstriiiiH'Utal muslu durhof the ux lilblthiii soaiton, ami iniiuh health,y rivalry may bo untlolpatod botwouu thu bnportod bauds, 