Stenograms. BY ALLEGRO. We are accustomed to laugh at the ignorance displayed by the many French people who believe that the Anglo-Saxon is still capable of leading his wife by a rope to Smithfield Market and there exhibiting her for sale. But the prejudice is not without a remnant of fact to keep it warm. Smithfteld is too near the centre of public opinion to allow of the praotioe, bnt when the Saxon gets out to such a place as Winton, where hia disposition is afforded full scope for exercise, he is capable of showing himself to be all that the Frenchman's fancy painta him. It is but a fortnight or Bo sinoe a Wiutou barber put up his wife for sale by publio auction at a hotel in that township, and it is intorcetiug to note, ad showing the raluo attached to woman kind iv thft locality, that the article was, after a brisk course of bidding, " knocked down" for $16 10s. This appears to be a pretty high estimate considering that her value aetms io. have been reckoned bj her weight in meat—at all events, I oonclude that this was the case from the fact that the local butcher acted at •uctioner for the occasion. Evidentlj " long pig" is oonsidered a rarity at Winton. The peculiar feature of this transaction, however, lay in the oirouoistanoe that not only was the. article on sale "knocked down" but the pur* chaser also, a proceeding apparently caused by his presenting a cheque on a fictitious bank, or, in other words, because the purchase was • " sell." Perhaps the whole affair was a lark, in which ease I fear our Frenchman's un favourable opinion of us would not be much altered by learning that the British emigrant enlivens his expatriation by playing at selling his wife. t It is no wonder that the Gladstone people, at was shown by their hearty choice of a National oaodiaf te at the late election, were anxious for a change of Government. Of all the distriott in the colony this was the one which had most reason to desire a fresh shuffle in the cards.. Just listen to thia, from a recent Ghdttom Oburver;—' 1 We are sorry to inform our readett that not a single announcement of birth or marriage has appeared in our columns for t> considerable time—now four months." Fur four years and a half Jkha Liberals had been promising "close settlement*" and thii was what their . promises came to in Gladstone. And {his leads me to wonder why no one hat ever thought of testing, the .comparative merits of administrationa by the percentage of marriages and births which. take place during their continuance always supposing they have • W* average duration, Perhaps it would be better to limit the test to that of marriages, at there are considerations in connection with the other proposed calcult* tion which would bring each administration into the position of overlapping its immediate successor, and so lead! to arithmetical com* plexitles. But with marriages there is no such' difficulty', and I would just like if some cor respondent would inform me whether on a otl*' f eulation of percentages based on official tablet M'llwraith't or Griffith's is the more oonnu-. blaUy benefioient administration. I hope for Griffith's sake that Gladstone U not a fair average specimen of hit politioo*matri»onial nfluenoe. I commentedsomelittle time ago upon tit*, extnme rigidity of the rales of the local Aqit • trallan NatiTea Association aa shown in the exclusion of an applicant, an old resident, who had the misfortune to be born in England a few months after his parents had left these shores fora trip to the old, oountry. I think it worth while to commend to their notice the wore liberal action of their oongeners in Sydney, who have lengthened their oords so far as to include persons who arrived in the oolony when not over Are jean of age, and residents of twenty years' standing. Than is both sens* and eoienoe in this arrangement. To be son ererybody knows that native means "born t» a place," bat nowadays everybody knows also tk*t the mystery of being "born again" ia not confined to the spirit. The twenty jean* resident ia on the verge of completing a third birth or trans formation sinos he set foot en Australian soil, and if he oommenoed to be aa Australian whan he wm grown up, with mature receptive capacities, he has actually accumulated far more of the essenoe of Australia in his system than his twenty-years-old contemporary who is , Anstniian only by, so to speak, obatetrioal nativity. I use the phrase adviaedly, if haply it may help to take the conceit out of some of our young folks, who seem to be unaware that in the matter of nativity the only credit is that, allowed by the doctor in respect of his bill. I know of no more pathetic portion than that of a own who has onoe held the foremoet position in a state, and who, while in the ful new of hit powers and with as eager a desire as ever to oooupy a front seat, finds himself relegated to political obscurity. There are men in that position who can oonquer the desire, and oontent themselves with cultivating cabbages or oherries. Others who can't conquer the desire turn to some other line in wbioh they can still assert their distinctive eminence. A Gladstone in suoh a position betakes himself to demolishing the Vatican or reveal ing the true significance of Homer. But what is a George Thorn to do? He is indifferent to the Vatican, and doesn't know as much about Homer now as when he took his B.A. at the Sydney University. He is a respectable man, and that fact at onoe doses up to him many paths by walking in wbioh he might foroe himself into the public notioe he so dearly likes to attract. What is he ♦odo ? Well, the complex conditions of modern life furnish something to fit even his case. All ho has to do is to take some well-advertised patent medicine, and inform the patentee that it has done him some good. George has been 'cute enough to find this out, and now yon can hardly open a newspaper without finding a three-quarter column biography of "A Nor thern Politician," in which the " ex-Premier of Queensland " is held np to public admira tion for his "high intellectual capacity, genius for statesmanship, fervid patriotism, and knowledge of everything that is the newest and the best." And nil this because George had the astuteness to write theso few potent words :—" I have recommended [Becoham's Safe Ointment] to many people who have uffered from various complainta, and in every ease a cure has been effected. Personally I hare used the [ointment] and derived the greatest benefit from it." I trust he will get as much benefit from the advertisement as from toe specific . .., Tllo P»ll Mill Gautti seems inclined to make ft good deal oat of the fsot that the new Bmperor of Germany belieyee in God. He has, it appears, the faith of his grandfather, and is altogether free from the soeptieism which is ascribed to his father. I hare no doubt this fact-will go a long way to establish him in the favour of many good people, but, for all that, I fancy that in the last analysis this faith of the young Emperor would be fonnd to be one which he would be macb. the better of ex* ©hanging for Christianity, or eren for his father's scepticism. The Hohenzollern God Is simply a family fetish, whioh, on oondition that the Hohensollefn* are kept at the top, bestows its favour also on the German nation, his vety best he is a kind of Prussian Jupiter Oapitolinus, who is jealous of the Auktriansand hates the French., When Prinoe William last Ohriatmas commented on the motto on the caps of his Hussar Guards "With God for King and Fatherland," and adjured them to remember ** above all, with God"—delightfully pious as it founds, it was merely a propitiatory two lhainary to requeetlngbis deity to stand by them *' ia this time;pf trial when one of our greatest generals and strategists"—really, I can't go any further with the quotation, it is so ridiculously blasphemous to associate this' sort of thing with wh£t we have been taught to love and reve* refcoe: 1 think upon the wnble thai the Han o^;' Nasareth would have found fatinself \n mow congenial oompanr at the bedside of the dyrag soeptio than with the youag man whose idea of a deity* is of a nomethiog whioh is cipable of being call ed into special requisition when a « Strategist" gets sick,. ; Come along1 with yoyr ghosts. A 'Psycho osteal Society hat been formed in Brisbane, and. everything in the war of wraiths (exoept M*tl-, wr*Uh, Who isaltogether too oornorealfor levita tfon and such like processes) wUI be in demand, ifntil the society gets tired of the ghostly monotony, and dies of «•«*». If they had handed to your humble servant the money they hare paid for the passage of "Mr. trans, of San tfrfcnoisdo," he, that is,' I, would hare written out for them the report of his visit before it takes place. As one who has plunged pretty deeply into spooUo litera ture; I must declare it to be,' after the1 first dtp, the most' unsUmulatiiig and unreoreative sea of wish- wash in wfcioh the mind of man oan wallow. I hope the society won't go to the trouble of1 publishing, aft other simfUr societies usually do, «n annual report of the results rif their investi gations. Let them borrow one of the nume rous report* already published. They are all and always the same—what Mr. A. saw and related to Mrs; B. (I think they should call themselves Alphabetical Societies, their evi denoe being all A.'s and B."s and X.'s and so forth) and how M«. B. took a note of it at the time and compared it afterwards with what happened in the presence of her oousin L. and the clergyman the Rev. Mr. D. W., and how (mark this, for it, is an essential oonopmitant of the ease) the note, or letter, of reoord of what ever sort was mislaid or lost. This sort of thing, and the raps, and the hand1 pressures, and the aeoordions, and the slate messages, and the oold kisses of my dear departed Rose Edith- Good Lord, are we to have this all over again f dan our new society point to any association of its kind that is at this moment "any forrarder" than it was at first P That the Australian colonies might some day rebel against England has several times been spoken of as a possibility, though a very unlikely one, but it does not seem ever to have entered into anybody's head that it might be t'other way about—that England might some day rebel against the Australian colonies, or against some one of them. I know if I were an Englishman I would go in strong for rebel ling against Queensland, and on the same ground as that which justified the rebellion of tiie American colonies—" No taxation with out representation." England is not repre sented in our Parliament, and yet every vow and again we send a tax-gatherer home to collect a tax for the support of -the Episcopalian Church in this colony. I see our latest tax-gatherer, the Bishop of Brisbane, has recently, at a meeting at the Mansion House, scooptfd in £200 at one haul. It is in contemplation to form a central Diocese in Queensland, and of eotfcfee the' very first measure is to tax the English for" its establishment. To be sure the tax is not directly countenanced by our Govern ment, but it is a tax all the same. The question of who imposes it makes no diflerenoe to the atnount we extract from the General Benevolent Fund of the United Kingdom. I am surprised that tbe English do not resort to the very same measures, and on the very same grounds, in respeot of these episcopal publicans that were taken by the Bostonians in respect of the obnoxious cargoes. The historical example would just suit the oase to a T. The following candidates were nominated yesterday woek as members of the Redolift'e Divi sional Board:—Meeara. John ColUngs Ham, Edmund Mao Donnell, C.irl Klingner, St. Andrew Wnrde, Thotuaß Petrio, and John Duffield. Ab only the required number of candidates wero nominated, the abovenamed gentlemen wore on the following day declared puly elected. 