COUNTEY NEWS. WESTBURY. The inevitable scissors-grinder ' rounded our corner' a few short days since. His shrill voice piped the usual acclaim ' Any rath ere, knives, or scithors to grind ' Don't thiuk I have,' replied a young , gentleman, facetiously ; 'but can't you ! sharpen wits ?' 'Yes, if you've got aiiy,' was the prompt response of the second edition of Joseph Rogers (?). Now, wit is veri' good in its place, but, like all other commodities, used out of place is apt to fall fiat. ' How does the thermometer stand ?' asked a grand-sire of liis nine-year-old Tommy. * It doesn't stand at all, grandpa — it hangs.' After these specimens of Westbury wit and humor, it is apt to be supposed that we are a lively, sprightly people in this district. Yes, such is the case, notwithstanding existing dullness and depression. The rain continues to descend, and tends to abate our superabundance of the joyous element. Now is veritably tbe winter of our discontent. The shortest day of the year is at hand, aud then we will be weary, weary waiting for the May. The Church of the Holy Trinity has been the centre of some recent festivities. The festival of Corpus Christi, or feast instituted in honor of the Blessed Sacrament, was nplphr.lt.ed with linnciml nnmn c i .. ri .-I .!» Mass was celebrated at 9 o'clock by the Rev. T. M. O'Callaglian, at which numbers approached the Sacraments. Congregated round about were the pupils of the Convent schools, appropriately attired — the girls in white, the boys with white sashes. The celebrant preached the occasional sermon, in which he dwelt for a considerable time on the dogma of the real presence. This festal day (he said) was instituted iu the thirteenth century by the special desire of the Redeemer, in a vision to a Belgian nun. the venerable Juliana of Eetinue. She was the contemporary of St. Louis XIII., King of 1'ranee, and of St. Thomas Acquinas, who afterwards com posed the office peculiar to the fe :st. By it s institution the ritual year was complete, and to-day, throughout the Catholic world, 'mid the booming of cannon and proclama tion of heralds, tbe procession of the Blessed Sacrament passeth along, all heads bowed and uncovered to acknowledge the divinity present. At the conclusion of the holy sacrifice exposition was commenced. What with candles, floral displays, artistic decorations, and crown of gold overhead, the altar assumed the appearance of a throne, whereon was placed the rich silver monstrance containing the host. During the day the church was well filled, the members of the various parochial con fraternities — the League of tho Sacred Heart-, the Holy Childhood, the Sodality des En f ants de Marie, the Altar Society— keeping watch and ward, llenediction at 7 o'clock p.m. brought the interesting devo tion to a close. The meetings of the Apostlesliip of Prayer continue to be well attended on the evenings of the first Friday of each month. Already this confraternity numbers some hundreds in and around this western capital. It has a monthly journal devoted to its organisation, called the Messenger of the Sacred Heart, which, from the fact that it is subscribed to by the members, largely promotes the vitality of the good work. At the conclusion of tbe meetings, au address oil the monthly leaflet or ticket is delivered by the local pastor. Much satisfaction is evinced at the selec tion of Mr John D. Burke by the members rtf tlia Pohliit fnr /v*mVitnt»r1 offices of collector and secretary. This officer is the right man in the right place. Intelligent, courteous, obliging, he enjoys the esteem of all, and a strong desire is manifested to aid him in his new and multi farious duties. The month of June being specially devoted to the cultus of the Sacred Heart of Jesus, a novena or nine days' prayer in preparation for the Feast of the Sacred Heart has just been terminated at the Church of the Holy Trinity. It commenced on Corpus Christi Day. From a notice of the event I gather that it was four-fold in its scope : — 1. To return thanks to the Sacred Heart for graces received. 2. To make reparation in the sacrament of the Eucharist. 3. To pray for the wants of the church and the Pope. 4. To recommend the special intentions of all who join iii the iixi'snn Tli» /Invntinnc f lirnnrrhnnt; were well sustained. They consisted of a daily act -of reparation, the reception of com munion once, the avoidance of known faults, and the propagation of this devo tion. Prom the many meetings that are being held, I can glean that unabated interest continues to be manifested in our Literary and Debating Society, as also in the general matters connected with our local library. It is desired that the sphere of its useful ness may be more widely extended, and that more of our youth may find their way in tne pursuit oi Knowieage w- its ricmy laden shelves. There may be found the wherewith to gratify every palate. Grave and gay, light and shade, rich and rare, wholesome and entertaining. The gentle men of the committee are thoroughly efficient and zealous in the discbarge of their duties, so there is no reason why the Westbury library should not be a thing of beauty aud of life. The Colonist, since its inception, has been filed, and is the source of attraction to many, who delight in the perusal of its pages, filled with matter akin to the books. The Most Rev. Dr. Murphy lias been sojourning in our midst for the past week —a guest at the Holy Trinity; Presbytery. His people in this western capital and sur rounding districts entertain a warm love and deep feeling of attachment for him. Though I have not the pleasure of an inti mate acquaintance with His Lordship, yet I am long enough in the colony to be an admirer of his many virtues. The occasion of the present sojourn is the visitation of the parish and the ad ministration of confirmation. For weeks past aspirants for the reception of this Sacrament— both juvenile and adult— have been in the daily receipt of instructions at the hands of the priest and nuns. Accord ingly, they presented a large number of candidates on Saturday to the Bishop for examination. For two or three hours they were under lire. They were subjected to a searching ordeal at Dr. Murphy's hands in the various parts of the Catechism of Chris tian doctrine, with a result that 87 passed muster. On the following day (Sunday) His Lordship celebrated the 8 o'clock mass, and preached at 11 o'clock on the sacrament he was about to sonfer. lie took for his text the Acts of the Apostles, 2nd chapter. He stated that the Apostles received the power of conferring this sacra ment ior a ^.uree-ioia oojecu — ior ul'.'l? own ? sanctification, for transmission to their successors, for the laity of whom they had charge. He then unfolded and dwelt at length on each of these points. At the conclusion of the sermon, vested in purple soutane, rochet, stole, cope, and mitre, he was seated close to the altar with the Rev. Father O'Callaglian standing near, and Miss Jordan ana Mr iiurke ready to act as sponsors to the 87 confirmees. These latter approached, two and two, announced their j confirmation names, and were confirmed, j The ceremony was a long one. yet the large congregation present showed no sign of fatigue, and remained the whole time in their places. On its termination the Bishop of Hobart again addressed the people. He told them of the aids and helps, in the preservation of the faith, confirmation gave. He explained minutely the seven gifts aud twelve fruits of the Holy Ghost they had ! received by the reception of this sacrament, 1 and urged them to receive not the grace of Co-j in vain. Having addn-sst-d further til wisuotn mid .'Xperienr.e to his ]it-:;rer.s, the Bishop of Hobart withdrew to the wristy. )-c:i-ee had the venerable dignitary thni ti- himself of his canonicals, wlui: !.» wa=i again invited to front the. audience hy a deputation of gentlemen, who liad *-v;. .-d on liini f.i;- that purpose. Returning, he IV,.i tf. tllU .1 i, .1 f r-.iU «|„'l I!!.. ! congregation, yet in their p!aeeJ. the Vt'iirdt-n of the district (Mr D. Iiurke) appro ic!iKl,aii(1,ou behalf of tlieparisliioners of Westbury, presented the IJishop with an illuminated address and testimonial on the occasion of his golden jubilee. Tlie address was beautifully painted in gold- raised letters on a satin grouud. It was chastely fringed with green and cloth of gold, gracefully entwined. Air Burke prefaced the reading of it with a neat speech, in which he told of the joy all felt at His Lordship's presence. He then read the following: — 'To the Most Reverend Dr. Murphy, Lord Bishop of Hobart, Tasmania. — My Lord, — We, your spiritual children of Westbury, gladly avail ourselves of your presence in our midst to tender our hearty and sincere congratulations to you on the occasion of your Golden .Tubiiee. To celebrate the 60th anniversary of any event is a rare privilege, and accorded to few. But when theevent commemor.ntAri iselpvntion to tlie Sacerdotal power, with half a century ot good and noble goods achieved for faith and fatherland, great is our gratitude to the Most night for this blessing, and deep our respect for your Lordship for the accomplishmeut. Here, in Westbury, we are debtors to your Lordship for very many acts of courtesy and kindness, not the least among them being the aid and co-operation you rendered to our zealous parish priest in procuring for us the inestimable boon of a community of the devoted Sisters of St. Joseph, in whose schools our children are instructed in the saving tenets of our holy faith, and where religion aud education go hand in hand. Praying for your Lordship years of health and happiness, asking your acceptance of the accompanying purse of sovereigns, and becrein£ vour blessinsr. — We remain, my Lord,yourdevoted children in Christ. Signed on behalf of the congre gation— Daniel Bcrke, Michael Hart nett (churchwardens).' The Most Rev. Dr. Murphy was graciously pleased to accept this last pledge of affec tion and esteem from the good people of Westbury. The words of the address, he said, took him back to the days of his early youth. He remembered his first advent to tlie curriculum of college life ; his first approach to the receot.ion of holy orders : his ordination to the priesthood 50 years ago. In such feeling strains the good Bishop continued his remarks. He again ex pressed his gratitude and appreciation, and imparted tlie Papal blessing. The choir, under the guidance of Mr H. G. Blake, were very efficient, and sang the Mass with eifect. A banquet to the dis tinguished guest (to celebrate his Golden Jubilee), at the presbytery, wound up tbe day's proceedings. On Monday the Catholic schools were visited. They we en fete for the occasion. On an elevated dais the Bishop was seated. Here he received the children who ap proached to congratulate him. After several musical selections, glees, etc., had been rendered, one of the pupils. Miss Caroline Kenny, approached to read the address. It was nicely framed and appro priately worded. Its whole 'get-up re flected credit on the good Sisters of St. Joseph, who are in charge of the schools. It rea^fas follows ;— Address and presentation from the chil dren of the Westbury Convent School, to Most Rev. n. Murphy, Lord Bishop of Hobart, on the occasion of his Golden Jubilee: — 'My Lord, — Kind greetings and affec tionate words meet you on all sides, and the occasion that calls them forth is, in deed, a memorable one. For half a cen tury yon have been a priest according to the ° order of Melchizedek, during wbich perioa you nave aevotea no inconsiaerauie time to the noble work of Christian educa tion. Of the fruits of your zeal we participate. In these schools, fos tered by your Lordship, we profess our faith openly, and are taught not to deny our religion on any account, and, like good soldiers of Christ, to be faithful to it unto death. We look forward with joy to the periodic visits of your Lordship, and are encouraged by your paternal advice. We appreciate your kindly interest in our welfare, and will ever 'do Our utmost to prove ourselves worthy of it. We ask your Lordship's acceptance of the accompanying gift. We tender you our cordial congratu lations on your jubilee, and we will pray you may long be spared to rule over us. Begging your Lordship's blessing, we remain, my Lord, your devoted children of the Westbury Catholic Schools — (Signed on behalf of tlie children) Emmeline Smith, John Hartnett, Caroline Kenny, Thomas Davern.' The Bishop of Hobart, in reply, thanked the children for their nice address and richly-framed photograph of themselves in a group. He expressed the pleasure it always gave him to come to Westbury. He always regarded children with the greatest amount of interest, for they are the nope ot a ruture generation — ui » future congregation. If they are well brought up they become a blessing to themselves and to the community. No education is complete unless religion is part and parcel of it. He was gratified and consoled to find that the Catholic children of Westbury were availing them selves of this most excellent school. Here they would be taught to know, love, and serve God, and here they would be taught to prize their holy faith, to profess it openly, and not to deny it on any account. The remainder of the day was devoted to an inspection of the schools. 4 mirl « dnwnnonr of vain, and in a car riage and pair kindly provided by Westbury I residents, the Bishop left on Tuesday morning for Bosevale, an out-station of tbe Westburv parish, distant some 20 miles. The distance was traversed in a few hours. The Bev. T. M. O'Callaglian left here on the previous evening, in order that all things may lie ready on tbe arrival of his Lordship. He celebrated mass, etc., at the hospitable residence of Mrs Sydes. Ths attendance was very large. At 11 '30 His T ? onfl of to confirm some 24 candidates, whom he I had previously tried and found not want ing. The Most. Rev. Dr. Murphy addressed the people twice. Numbers came miles around to visit- him, as it was the first 1 time a Bishop had penetrated into the in terior so far. Darkness came on during , tbe return journey, but no mishap of any kind occurred to mar the day's proceedings. On Wednesday the episcopal party were joined by the Very Rev. tbe Dean of Laun- 1 ceston. Dr. Beeciiinor has lately secured a. valuable property at Beaconsfield. This building has been so renovated as to answer all the purposes of a convent. As the teaching staff of the Westbury branch of the Sisters of St. Joseph has recently been augmented, by the addition of some novices who have just matriculated, the desire of the pastor of Launceston was able to be arratified, and two of the Westbury nuns leave at an early date, as the first colony from the maisnn-mere, or mother-house, to establish the Beaconsfield Convent, this being an out-station of the Launceston parish. Happy tlie people with such pastors, thus mindful of their spiritual and temporal interests, and happy the pastors with such people, who supply . *' the sinews of war' to carry on the works of religion, and the spread of God's king dom on earth. On Thursday the Bishop took his de parture from our midst. Ere doing so, however, he kindly confirmed seven can didates from the Wmkleigh District, unable at au earlier date to reach Westbury because of the inclemency of the weather. 