PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. WEDNESDAY, SEPT. 19. The SPEAKER took the chair at 3 o'clock. SIGNALS IN MINES. In reply to Mr li auks, Mr GILLIES said he had received a copy of resolutions passed at a recent conference of representatives from the Miners, Engine drivers, Mining Managers and Mineowners" associations held at Sandhurst, with refer- ence to the code ot signaU for use in mines, ( ind he had been requested to bring the code 1 into use throughout the colony, or else to adopt it lor the Sandhurst district. Difficulty lind arisen, however, in consequence ot the miners of the Ballarat district not agreeing to the resolutions passed at tho united con ferenee. It would be n great advantage if the miners would agree to n code of signals universally applicable, because accidents sometimes occurred when millers ne customert to a code in use lu one dis tnet migrated to another district, where n different ;ode was used ITe had tried to bring about uniformity, so far without suc- cess, but he vva3 now endeavouring to »seer tam whether the signals agreed to at the conierenco Bhoiild not be universally ap- plicable, except in the Ballarat district. (Bear, heir ) SLUDGE IN THE HUNTLY DISTRICT. In reply to Mr M'Coll, Mr GILLIES said he proposed to Bend nn officer to report on the damage to land in the Huntly district through the deposit of sludge from the Bendigo mines, with a view of ascertaining the best menus of preventing the sludge being deposited over n greater area. Hie officer would in all probability be accompanied by tho the secretary of Mines department Mr BROWN-V. hat hns become of the report of tho commission on the sludge question ' Are its recommendation! to receive attention? Mr GILLirS saul the recommendations of the Sludee Commission could not be carried out in some parts of the colony YARRA Bl ND AND KEW ASYLUM SUES In reply to Mr Rim (for Mr Tucker), Mr DOW s lid the ^ arra bend and Kew Asvlum sites lind not yet been surveyed, but instructions hail been given to proceed with the survey --imedintelv. 'Hie area to bo ri- sen ed from side out of the total area of 800 ncrei would litrcely depend upon the plan of subhviiion, which the surveyor general might lind most suit ible, on account of the conform ilion of the country No portion of the land would he sold be fort plans were placed in the hniula of bon members Mr JON! S.-In view of the fact that the Government has withdrawn the Budget pro posais, will it he proper to proceed with the Burvc) and possibly the sale ot the land, without authority from Parliament' Mr DONN -We only propose to make the survev, and that will not commit the House to the Bale ot the lund (Hear, hear ) THE SANDHURST TKUS1I.ES AND AGI NOY BILL Dr QtlcK brought up the report of the select committee upon the Siinlburat and ¡Northern District Trustées, Executors, and Agency Hill, which bud been agreed to with- out amendment, 'Hie report was received, and ordered to lie on the table AN APPEAL CASE MrM'IMlKl asked the Attorney Gene- ral, without notice, why he had allowed the country to bo put to the expenscof defending an appeal b) Mr J J Schuh, a tobacconist, who was lund for selling two cigars on u bunda) when ho must have known that the conviction was bad Ile would nive notice of the question if necessary Mr GILLI! S -Give notice for next year. (Jjiunhtcr). Mr M'lNTYRF -lins the lion member tau le up his mind to go to the country at once" Mr Gil LILS- \\\hat, on this question' (Luuditer I 'inr electoral bill. Mr MUNRO asked the Premier without notice if the Re listributinn of SeatB Bill was in print and w hen he expected it to bo elis tnbuteil Mr GILLI I ?> -1 hope to be able to distri- bute the bill on 1 riilay or Monday PAP! It. The lollowing paper was hu 1 on the table Proptscd resumption of land for the pur- pose oí tho driinac,r* ot the Elwood swamp TUR 1'OLlriCAL SHUATION 1 he debate on the Premier s motion for the diBchure,e of the order of the day for the reso solutions oi tho committee of the whole to be reported was resumed 'Hie SPEAlv.1 It hoped lion members would coiilmc th ir rera irka to the question before tile Chair, which had so far been con Bidrred in too wide an aspect It was not n motion of want of confidence m the UiHcriniii'iit. Mr MUXItO said tho Premier, in intro- ducing tho motion, spoho on ft wide range of subjects, mid churned lion, member» with vatiuiis thing« Mr GILLirS-Tint is not correct I dul not muLc any charte against bou. mem- bers Mr. MUNRO- Hie «peech contains the charges, mu! it «ill bo most unfair if hon members »re not allowed to reply to the statements of the I'reinier. Mr. M'INTYUK thought the Iloute waa en- titled to a fuller explanation of the intentions of the Goiernment What were tho tech mol lulls niluiied toî It the Government, after throu inn up the uponga with regard to the Hudgct proposals, intended to go on with the business oí tho country, it was beneath contempt. (Opposition cheers ) Mr ANDHUSON(Villiersomi Heytesbury) -One of the technical billa la the Municipal Inrieninitj lilli Mr M'INTyRE -It wns utterly astonish- ing to lind that lion, members who professed to \ote for the nicreiibc of certain duties in the interesta of the farmers had turned their barks upun theniBclveaand their constituent« ior ihe b-Ac of the Uoiernment. Hon. mem- bers lind been duped in caucus, and would Gild out their raisinlcr- when they sought re- ell ellon Tho Premier had been juggling before them, and the> could not seo through the trick. What would the fnrmirn' representatives gum hy sacrificing the increased duties! Ministers »would seek to ensuro tho return of a majority nitumst nu merengo of tho stock tax, so that l8 or 11) lion members, on the Ministerial Bule ol the rtouae, who had given up tho increased duties, which wcro agreed to in committee for the benefit ot the farmers, Would lind thetniolvea diametrically opposed to the Government at the general election. (Hear, heir ) lion members fondly imagined that the r.lectornl lilli was going to benefit country districts, but tho object ot tho boiernment was to gi\c largor representa- tion to the industrial centres where popula- tion had increased, and the farmers' rcprescntntuea might rely upon it that the nrtizans throughout the colony would lie opposed to nny increase of tho stock lix lhere was no necessity for a jvtioleiale alteration of tho constituencies. Hit representation of threa or four or, at most, (He districts might be increased, but nothing moie was reqiurul in tho interests ot the country The Uovernment knew thni the Minister of Customs duro not submit him- self to Ins present constituency. .Mr.WAUiüR-W'iy notf Mr. M IN min -Jlecauso ho would bo ii ii" i y lll0U81»1<1,, of votes. It was said toe Itudnej electorate would have no moro ot the Premier; but the House would tesrtt to find tho hon gentleman absent »lienlarliament re assembled, although he would do far more good to tho country in Opposition than in oflne. (Laughter.) lion. raiinoers had no right to settlo the business ot thec-ountt) in caucus. (Hear, hear.) That »ort ol thing was only good enougli when "on mun bera were trjnu' to oust n uovern- ment lUugliter.) '1 he present Ministry lind uenieaiiid itself, and now occupied a most contemptible position, having got iv majority o' non minibers into Its clutches by pro T«n"' there should be no dissolu ion ni l'nrliuiniut or resignation of ni ""»»eminent until February next. Hie Goiemment had been guilty of o cun emptiWe uet which was uninuu In tho his ory «I constitutional government It had mtuidcd from the tirst nut to assist the colin ry |)arl> ,t ,mil hald out R promUu ¿.íi. "ner '"tended to carry out It now m, . lVew " ,lle '««It. J' »""I ti"«' '' on kong nthe country it «as defeated on tim iT". I',T1«' necept the decision of the country Could an> lion, member believe it !»"..> "V'mivBiich promise? The Go- nn ,cï.' tou1',1 no1 <"" mma lllrt t1"1" lt hiul utiT I,"""11'1 Promise un> thing to keep """; .1 "«""liment was totally uti ¿n, Ti ln withdrawing Its lludget, ami it, duty Wtta ", lme mUeA wh(." iI.f\rtiU.ilona wcro T"lei1 ARttinst it. «ni..... "t)tc> k,lew that as soon us the u ,i îf'i' to,Uollei1 the tnriir it would ring run,, , ' k?UI' 'J'1'« denth-Unell lind hnh'j ? ilho Go>emmetit would not be ffi iii.«'}1 ""Wen" will' »lie K"«e digger. moliî. " contemptible position, for ho > .""'ff1'"1""1 ho» Kentleraento sS, i°w,°l1 nla PoaUlon wnuRl have to bu slim Vi w ,un "e* went beloro thoir con th" lu» ,^tUi" «B'lculturiil sections of which bl w,'"1 J""*1"' l"'i8t unon » w»w »»nh he was uounr in« bist lo pievuit bemii carried into law. The Premier had Bald that it would be a fraud and a eliam to go to the country until the electorates were altered. Moat of the constituencies were in the same position now aa when the Government took office, io that a bill including a revision ot the boundatict of the whole of the electo- rates was not necessary. 1 The SPEAKER (mid that he could not allow the Electoral Bill to be discussed. Ile knew that it had been alluded to by the Premier and the leader of the Opposition, but it was usual to allow these bon, members some latitude. Mr. BENT thought thnt the motion before the Chair covered everything winch had been referred to in the want of confidence debate. The Premier the previous night had referred to the Electoral Bill and the whole ot the Budget Mr. GILLIES said ho waa pressed to make n statement as to what the Government pro- posed to rio. He had not discussed tho Electoral Hill. He had simply stated the reasons why the Government proposed to adopt the course now suggested. Mr. JONES said that tho Premier had characterised any appeal to the couutry on the present Electoral Act as a sham and a fraud, and any lion, member was entitled to deal with that statement. If there was to be any limitation of the debate, it ought to have been announced at tho com- mencement. An imputation had been made on the Government side, and in fairness lion, members on tho Opposition side ought to bo allowed to say something in defence. Mr. GILLIES.--There was no imputation made on this side of the House. Mr JONES -The iraputntion was that the Opposition wanted to control the Premier by making him go to the country on n bill which would make the appeal a sham and a fraud. Dr. QUICK pointed ont that the motion dealt with the whole political situation. (Hear, hear.) All the circumstances in con- nection with the proposed appeal to the country ought to be open to discussion. Mr. G-AUNSON «aid that tho effect of the motion was to make the debate one of no confidence. Mr. JONES.-The Premier expresses want of contittence in himself. Mr. GAUNSON- A great deal of freedom had been allowed on the previous evening, the hon. member tor Castlemaine (Mr. Pat- terson) having been permitted to refer to the subject of federation. (Hear.) The Speaker was placing himself in an invidious position by reducing the limits of the debate at this stage. Mr. LAURENS snid that if the lion, mem- ber for Mullion was allowed to go into the de- tails of the Electoral Bill he would claim the sume right. Mr. M'INTYRE enid that his intention hod simply been to show that the statement of the Premier was not Justifiable, inasmuch ns several of the constituencies were in the siiiuc position now a> when the Premier took office. Mr, VALE said thnt he had intended to refer to some statements which the Premier lind made 10years ago. If the hon. member tor Maldon was not permitted to refer to the Electoral Bill ho (Mr. Yale) would be unable to make any comment on these previous utterances ot tho Premier. Tho SPEAKER said that he might have allowed ii little too much latitude previously, but he must now rulo that the hon. member was not in order in referring to the details of the Electoral Act. Mr. M'INTYRE said that his intention had not been to go into the details of the Electoral Act, and lie thought ha Had a per- fect right to reply to the statement of the Premier that au appeal to the country on the present Electoral Bill would he n sham and a fraud. The lion, member for Castlemaine (Mr. Patterson! had bpenallowed to apeak on federation, ana he did not see why the line should he drawn when he got np to speak. The SPEAKER saul he could not allow the bon. member to cast rellectioua on lue Chair. Mr. M'lNI'YRE had no dcnire to do so The question was whether, as latitude had been given to other linn members, he should be stopped. (Cries of "Chair ') 'Hie Sl'EMvER said that he could not allow his ruling to be truverscd Mr. M'lNI'YRE »aid that the Government waa afraid to go to the present electorates, became it knew it could not return with a majority. Mr BENT said that lie wished to interrupt the lion member for Maldon, ni order that he might draw the attention of the Speaker to an incident that had just occurred in the House He had been in consultation w nil the clerk of the Houso behind the Speaker's chair, when a pen was thrown down from the reporters' Kallery ami nearly stuck in the clerk's head He did not mimi the strictures of tho press-(laughter)-but lie objected to pens being thrown at him He had boen told that it was done on purpose. (Cries ol " Oh ") Mr. GAUNSON eald that two pen-) had come down Irom the reporters' gallery. (Laughter ) The SPEAKER said that ho would have inquiries made into the matter After nn interval of n few minutes, 'Hie SPEAKKlt saul that he hud ascer- tained that it waa by n pure accident that the pens bud como from tho reporters' gallery 1 ney were lying on n desk, mid cuught in the sleeve of one of the rt porters Mr. M'INTYRE said ihnt he rould not understand the action of the lion member for Moira (Mr Graham) at the prisent june ture. He could not »ee how the bon mem- ber could possible agree with the decision arrived at by the Government Ile, with l8 or Vi other linn, members, had gone b-ick on themiclve« against their own interests, as well its the interesti of their constituencie-i Ile (Mr. M'lntyre) would hardly beliuvo that they would support the Government until they nctuully voted. Mlenee lind taken pos- session ot them, nnd it was clear that tiley feared the ordeal through which they would have to puss (Laughter ) Mr. GILLIES -It i» auch an ordenl. Mr. M'lNI'YRE-'Ihese lion members to save the Government were willing lo let their constituent« go to the wall The whole country was in favour of Ihe stork tux Why should the Government retain olhcc without carrying out the will of the country ! Why did not lion members say to the Government that It was tune tor them to part, and that they could not keep it in oflice any longer? He bad met some gcntleiinn from tile country, and tiley «aid thnt the feel ing there waa so strong against those lum members that no justification could be mude to their constituents. The tnrmers enid thnt they wanted the lion, members' votes, and it waa not a question of keeping the Premier in office. T hey had been paying for n protective policy for years, and now, when their turn came to have it, they hud been sold by their representatives. Dr. QUICK said that, notwithstanding the apparent desire of the Ministry and country members to bring thudeb'ite to u rapid termi- nation, he Intended to make a lew remarks Ho did not entertain the anxiety which the bon. member for Maldon (Mr M'lntyre) had to hear the supporters of the Government give an explanation of their conduct. It was their own lookout; but it did nut follow that lion, members nu the Opposition side of the House should allow the question to pass sub »ifenfio. Members on thu opposite side oi the House hud nu criticism to oller, mut therefore the Government was justihed in taking up the position it had assumed. He noticed that, m a recent judgment given ni the Ah Toy case, Mr. Justice Williams made a rrmarkublo statement. Mr. TUCKER.-He generally docs. Dr. QUICK -Ile said thnt he had been under the impression that responsible go vernment existed in tbi3 country, but found that It waa a delusion If Mr Justice Wil- liams had been in the House on the prev tous night Mr. TUCKER.-Ile would never get a sent here. Dr. QUICK-Ho might have been a spec- tator. If he had seen the extraordinary tuctics of the Premier, ho would havo been quite justified in raising the question as to whether responsible government existed here or not. Mr. M'LELLAN.-It duel not matter much what he say«. Dr. QUICK quoted Mr. Juattco Williams as an illustration of the opinion which ex uted outside the House on what took place inaide. According to the present position of political uffairH, a Ministry wiih lound govern- ing this country wliosc administration hud not (lie confidence of the House, and whose political programme mid legislative policy did not meet with the approval ot the House -a Ministry which had been henton upon its legislativo programme and policy, and at the taino time was determined lo cling to olhce with extraordinary tena- city, na if it were struggling for exist- ence. It might be u Mimitry of per- manent heads of departments, and very nice amiable gentlemen, but it was not a le spotnlble political Government. The House were drifting into that state ol affaiis that it had a number of gentlemen as a Govern- ment, not to lorraul ite legislation, and lead the Houic upon that policy, buoy, which brought down a Budget, and tormulalcd a policy of taxation, and when tt was deleated said that it did not see its way to resign or dissolve Parliament. There wot« three courses open to the present Miiiiatry, It should either adopt the resolu- tion of the House, resign it« trust lu His Excellency the Governor, or dissolve Pur. Iiainent, but It did neither. The Ministry ?bowed somu independence, of spirit, for which lie gave it credit. In not adopting the policy which it had previously de- nounced. After a very skilful species of 1 lUttuiuuvtinE, li Baw ila way to follow n course which did not involve either of the hard couiscs ho had pointed out, The Ministerial position could only be com- pared to a shifty sandbank of miserable incongruities The Ministry brought a Budget to the Ilouoe, which it trumpeted and proclaimed to the country as being tbo most brilliant nud statesmanlike that had been destined to claim the support of members. It wns a veritable octopus Budget, but it did not reach m every direction. After tho great discussion by hoti, members, who proclaimed the merits of the Budget, they now tamely submitted to its abandonment. Ile appealed to the oldest bon, member in the House to siy whether there was a precedent for such a proceeding? Mr. MTNTYIiE.-Notone. Dr. QUICK.-In what direction was the Home drifting? Was it going to have a Government or AdministraUonof the day sit- ting on tile Treasury benches not pledged to any particular policy, but reserving to itself a loophole to change its tactics ' Such a Btate of tilinga would be an innovation, and euch an innovation would bo very dangerous. It would lead to tho formation of Governments without policy or principle, such as til" pre- sent Government apparently was 'I he Minis- try would como out ot the recent develop- ments much more creditably than its sup- porters, who by manipulation and cajolery had been persuaded to back down from the position which they had taken up a few weekB ngo The strong argument which had been used why thoy did not vote for the amend- ment by the hon. member lor Geelong vMr. Munro) was that they would not vote against the Government, and because they would be given nn opportunity to vote for nn increase m the stock tax in committee. They post- poned their demands until they got into committee, and certain of their propo- sals were carried , but where were those proposals now ? The farmers' repre- sentatives sitting behind the Government were prepnrtd to give up even the stock tax for the sake of the other benefits which they would derive from the Budget propo- sals They liad got neither tile stock tax nor the Budget They considered that the safety ot the Government was of more importance to them and their constituents than an increase in the stock tax and the duty on cereals, but they had placed those lion, members who had gone auto! their way to support their deinnnds m a very awkward positton Their conduct waa most treacherous, and ther could muire no excuse or apology I for it What would they aiy when they went back to their constituents? Mr HALL -You mny depend upon it we will make no apology whatever. Dr, QUICK -The anxiety for electoral re- form, to which reference had been matte, should be looked upon with suspicion and distrust There were a nurabei of those bon. members who had been "mouthing" about the tanners' diflicuties who wero begin nmg to teel shaky nbout their seats, and they wanted to shulllc the electorates so that they could have little pocket boroughs. Mr. GAUNSON.-M'Lellan tried that at Ararat Dr. QUICK.-They wero afraid to face the electors When the time came, bon members on the Opposition side of the House would be able to expose their game 'I here liad been an underetiindlng between the Government ard its supporters wi'li regard to the Electoral Bill, winch he could only describe as an unlair and unholy compact '1 here had been a consideration given on both sides. The Ministry were to be continued in office, and on the otherside their supporters wire to continue to move nbout the departments, picking up crumbs for their constituents, and drawing their 125 per month Mr. 'I UCKER asked that the hon. member be called upon to withdraw that statement. Mr. GAUNSON understood the hon. member for bnudliurst ( Dr. Quick ) to any that lion, members' conduct was open to that construction in the public mind He aird that the Ministry lind ti consider ition on one Bide, und the Ministry did not object to that Mr. GILLIES_It is simply contemptible. Mr. M'LEI.LAN wat surprised that the lion member fur.Suuth Melbourne (Mr Garni- son) bad the audnuty to support the state ment which the hon nv-mbe* for Sandhurst (Dr. Quick) had marie. Ile had imputed un worthv and corrupt motives to bon intmbors sitting behind the Government (Uproar ) '1 he SPEAKER.-If the bon incmbei im- puted motives he is certainly out ol order, Mr. MUN l\0 -Ho did not say that. Dr QUICK -I did not I merely pointed out tho bnhince of cnn",ilerntioii 1 presume that the compromise was not arrived tit with out coimileratum 1 pointed out the advan- tage that the Government secured by Mr. GII.LiILt.-It is grossly out ol order. The M'LAIvl'U -If the hon member enid that this lousideration influenced bon. mern hers lie was ont of order. Dr QUICK -I was merely drawing nn inference from f icts Mr (ilI-iLUS- The lion member must say one thing or another Holt members on til in nile of the House undt ratood linn to al) that lhere was a consideration that tile ijoverninent was to be kept in oilier, mid the other consideration was timt lion members I niiting behind tim Oovernmciit were lobe I allowed to go about the rieptrtmi nts picking I up «lint aumin they could. It tho lion member did no1 make the statement let him Biiy so or justily it Mr M Li I Ii \N - Vi l II mnUe lum do it Dr Ql IC K -ihe stuioineiit I made wns wilhm the hearing of the House thcbPI Alvl li - I denre the lion member to make hiuisclt right with the llouie It lie desires no such construction put upon Ins statement he should put himself rnjit lluro is »ii nie i, and 1 must tiv that I ti o I. it in that aspect thnt tlx linn member enid tint the Ministry wns to be kept in olhcc so much 1 ni,cr and that lion members were to be teruutttd to pick up iruml s iii tin Oovirn mint lilli,el and druw their 1-5 a mouth Dr QUICK -I don t mein to any that lint naturally followed, but I merely pointid out that that would bi tin result ot the action of lion members Surely it was no imputation ti say that it this House .tmun until ltbruury next tlnse lion members will con tinuo in olino Mr Gil hil ?> -You hn\cn t the courage to rep at wh it ion said ni the first instante Dr QUICK-I sill I that tho result of tho compromise was that tho members ot the Ministr) v.ould remiin in their positions, and that tho supporters wolli t remullí in their positions drawing their Parliamentary reimbursement. And I i-ny that if it wert not tor pat mont of members Mr M LKLLAN -\ou could not have htoil without it Dr QUll K -If it wcro not for the pay meut 11 members this compromise would not lune been adopted Mr 011,1,11 S -I ask that these words be taken down Hie lion member kihi) that if it were not for the pnymeiit of mi mbers tina c mprimui coull not have been adopted Hint is na clearly intuiting us possible (Uproar ) Mr M lMilir- The Premier rues to a point oi order, but rillicts upon another lion member Mr M'LI LI<\N -No other point can bo put until tins is de lit with Mr ULM sai I it was strnngo that the Premier lind taken nu notice of the lion member for Arar it * hut lie «aid that another hun member c >uld not exist without puy ment ot im. in bp r< Mr MIMilir- I move that thoso words be taken down Mr M'Ll LLAN - Inke down my «ords if you like I will prove them Mr 111 M trusted that, on this tho first day ot the early sittings, lion members would i.et on quietly with the business He felt quite sure that gentlemen on the Oppo aitiou sidi. would assist thu bpeaker Mr OIIiljILb -We wont put up with it (Cries of "Oh oh ) Mr MUNRO -We 11 «ce whether he will or not, lho SPHAK1 U.-Does the lion member for UrÍL,hton second tho motion . Mr UKN C - What ' I hat tho wordB he takindown* Certainly not, (Laughter) Ho hoped they would not be taken down, and that the Premier would not press thu motion Tho SMHKER -ihe motion is that the words Mr WOODS -Vf hat words? (Hear, hour ) Mr MUNRO-'Hie words thnt M'Lcllan mo\ed (Uiui,litcr ) ( I he bpeaker consulted with the Clerk ) Mr M INI YIia-Let ut got ou with the business T he SFÜAKLR.-I think there can be no doubt thnt tho words complained ot arc thoso whieh the bon member for Sandhurst actual!) used I feel sun, how over, that it is the h ish of lion members on both sides of the lions« that there should be nu tin pleasantness m thu dLbate, and bofore the motion is framed I take the liberty of BUggtatine, that the lion member should at once withdraw the remarks (Hear, htar ) Mr MUMU)-Let the lion member for Ararat withdraw too Dr QUirK add he would withdraw tho words He did not think that they could bo olT, nsive, mid he was morely nrguing the matter on political grounds It wns to bo deplored and regrette I that tho dissolution ciuld not t«ke place immediately (Hear, hear ) As it wns thu attention of the con stHuencics would be dil erteil by tile distrlbu tiou ot tho liudi/t surplus The issue to be plated before tho electors should be, not federation or no fédération, but protection ni,niiist free trade Mr WOODS-ibcy won't do it Dr QUICK.-It \m\b to be hoped tUut tho career of the Coalition Government was drawing to u close, and that the Chief Secre- tary would see his way to withdraw from the company in which he now found himself, and to take his proper position as leader ot the Liberal party. Mr. WOODS -No. Mr. GAUNSON.-No. Mr. WOODS -He never was leader of the Liberal party. Dr. QUICK -The Chief Secretary ought not to allow himself to be made use of by the Conservatives and 2Vie Argus as he had done in the past. Mr. ANDREWS regretted very much that after inducing many of the town mem- bers to support them in regard to the stock tax the farmers' representatives liad nbnndoned their position. The present was the most fitting opportunity of revising the tariff, and the onlv conclusion ho could draw was that the Government was ashamed of its tariff proposals, and was afraid to face the country upon them alone. There were such anomalies in those pronosals that they would never find favour in the eyes of the constituencies The Government by its action had landed hon members in a perfect cul dr mc as regnrded the stock tax. Why did the Government not postpone the stock tax and the other lamiera' duties aud deal at once with Hie rest of the tariff ' As it waa, it would be fully 12 montha before the tariff could bo amended as was desired by the country. The government could not rely upon Ins BUpport in regard to tho Electoral Bill. He could not assist in inflicting a blow upon his own constituents. Mr. VALE remarked that the keenest political schemer on the irce-trude side could not have done more to smash the protec- tionist policy than had been dono by the events of the past three or four weeks. The division on the stock tax wns fairly ii party one between protectionists and freetraders. It was not only the stock tax that was st issue, but all the other alterations of the tariff intended to benefit the manufacturing classes. The people would now have to wait 12 months before there would bo a re vision of the tariff. The declaration of the Premier that they must appeal to the country on ii lair and equitable representation did not accord with some of his statements in the past. Ii the present Parliament were fairly well representative, instead of the Government being in a minority of one only they would have been delcnted by a largo majority, because it was the members for districts winch were now inadequately represented who were opposed to the Government on the question. Hie representatives of North Gippsland, South Gippsland, Mandurang, \\\ immern, and Moira, till voted ngiitist the Government when they gave an impartial vote, mid it caine with bud grate from the Premier to say that those districts were not now adequately represented A great deal had been snd about the wonderful prosperity o£ the colony, and tile surplus ot 1SJ?,000 The surplus, however, could be repesen ted by the savings of pnst yenrs It the ri turns were looked nt closely, the Burplusfor 188G 7 would be found to dwindle down to £50,000 billings had been effected not by public policy, but by the carrying out ot u system of personal spleen and politic ii pique It wis whispered in some quarters that the districts »ere being told that if they returned some members it might be worth £10,000 or tïO.OOO, and that if the »election of a certain man was made it would be worth 1100,000 to a constituency. No doubt constituencies lind been well paid, but there were men in the districts who voted on principle ; and as tor his constituency, it would not have the Pre- mier even for 1100,000 It was tima that the turee ot coalition government wns done avvny with, and that men wero compolled to take Bides Parliament should be made to legislate for Victoria and not for people outside ita botders whom it could not control. Tho colony was now asked to sacrifice its industries to play into the hands ot a free trade Ministry, who, by trickery, or bullym.;, or bouncing, were deter mined at any cost to control tho destinies of this country to tho destruction of its «rel- iure. Mr. L L SMI I'll said Hint in The Argus of yesterday a statement was made concern- ing the stand he lind taken in regard to federation. In justilicvtion of the positton he had assumed, he would like to ex- plain his views without at the name time trying lo controvert the speeches milda on the subject by lion members I hu iden of federation could not resolve itself into anything substantial until a Customs union, based on n uniform tariff, wns arrived it between the colonies Mow could the in- creased mock tnx prevent federation' Eedera* turn could only come when the whole of the colunie-" hud one tariff lie bid been deputed by the Cii iniber of Manufactures of Victoria to move nt conferences, held in Adelaide and Sydney, the principal resolution in lavouriit fctbration, based on n uniform toriff In South Australia he was told that it wits not intended to allow Victorian manuhicturera to Hood the local mirket. That was a a fair argument, und he ri tilled to it that the colony miould n«similnte its turill with ours. 1 hat had been done The New South Wales people, on the other hand, pointed out thnt they were a free trade cammuuity, and thnt it was impossible to friisrnto with Victoria bc ennt>eut ita protectionist policy What was required, therefore, was that that colony, like buith Australia, should lollow the example of Victoria, and when its turill wns similar to that of this colony tederntioti won d tollow Hie Chief Secret try sunl that New South Wales would retaliate if the utnek tnx wns increased lhat was just what was wanted, beciuse the moment it retaliated ic beenmo protectionist, and so advanced towards federation. 'I ho majority ot ol the people of New South Walis thought with lum in that respect, altluiu^li Ins views might not be concurred in by such old tnshioned fogeys and fossils in Sir John Robertson an I -*ir Henry Parkes, who had un antipathy to Victoria. The people ot New .South Wales said that tiley were not if raid ot Victoria, and Ihorelore tiley wanted to assimilate their tariff to th it of Victoria Could lion, members be len list my by the fiillucious nriruraenis of the protectionist Clue! Secretary, or thnt Ircetrader, the lion member for Cnstlcimiitic (Mr Patterson)'' 1 «deration meant the »weeping away ol all the border harriers and the obstructions to trade winch existed between the colonies 'lht Ajgui relerred to his notice ot motion in tai oui ot li deration. The bPEAKEIt.-'I he lion, member can not debate that mutter He must not anttct pate a notice ot motion. I Mr. L. L SMI III would bow to the ruling ol the Speaker. It wns not the farmers who wero opposed to ihn »totk tax, but the wealthy capitalists, noil the Conservative element of which thn Pre- mier was the representative in the House. Ile should very much like to know what the protectionist members who lind supported the Government would say when they faced their constituents from the election platform. 'I hese lion, members would be told by the tanner« that they had lind tho chame ot obtaining protection, but thnt they had been unfmthlul to their pledges, ami lind thrown their constituents overboard. l'he result would be that their constituents would bid them "Good-by." As vice-president of the Chamber of Manufactuns he lind often wondered how it was that one class of the community could be protected and not the other. Butti the manufacturing and larmiug classes paid rates, exercised the right of voting, mid possessed political privilege«. Whv then should one elms re- ceive n boon at the hands ot the Government, and Hie other clnss remain neglected. (Hour, hear.) It would be as difficult for some lion, member«, when they next appealed to the« constituents for support, to answer this question, ns it would bo for them to answer thu question as to whether there is a material or immaterial hell. (Laughter.) Mr. BÍIOWN considered that the wide questions which had been opened up had caused the House to lose sight ot the state- ment made on the previous evening by the Premier. It had not struck lum that the heart of the Premier was in that st'itenictit. The Ministry wns evidently desirous ol posing as being honest, lo) ni, mid good, but there wns » lack of earnestness in the position it had taken up. During the recent recess tho farmers woke up to tho fact thut the promises of the Government wero too remoto to he of nny practical benefit. What was requited was immediate reitet. (Hear, hear ) There had been a great deal of tall talk in reference to educating the farmers to grow high-class products. Dut the dinners of the northern plain« were absolutely com- pelled, in order thnt they might obtain their bread mid butter, to grow wheat. | Mr. S1IACK15LL -They ore not in that condition ut all. bread and butter I Why, they livo well. Mr. BROWN did not want to hear any in terjections from the bon, member. Mr. S11ACKKLL.-I ought to know as much about the ninttcr as you do, Mr. BROWN.-Tho lion, member docs not speak much. In this Chnmber, and I don't In- terrupt linn when he does speak. My relation, ships with the hon. member are of such n chnrnctur that the world is wide enough for bim as well us it is tor me, Mr. SIIACKKLL -Hut you are speaking of a district 1 know something about, Mr. BROWN. -I am speaking of n district about which tlio hon. member knows no more than I do, 1 don't profess for a moment to know any more than he docs. Mr. SllACKULU-IIcar, hear. Mr. BROWN.-There is not a member In the House who will not support nie in the statement thut wheat li the bread and butter of the existence of the farmer» on tho northern plums. I Mr. ANDERSON (Villlcrs).-Tlmt is their mistake. I Mr. BAKER.-It is their misfortune, pot their mistake. (Hear, hear.) Mr. BROWN-It ib evident that anything enid on this side of the House must fall far short of the intellectual understanding of bon members on the opposite aide Mr SIIAChLLL -Yes , nnd tie« una. Mr. BROUN-What waa the use of this discussion' (Government cheers ) The pro- posals of the Government as contained In the Budget were altogether in the clouds What the farmers required was some Immediate prictical benefit, and this the Government did not allow them to have Sir BRYAN O LOGHU N said that the question put to the House by the lion mein ber for Mniidiirntig (Mr Brown) as to whit w as the use of tbisdiacussion had been cheered by those bon gentlemen who s it on the Ministerial side of the House, which to him seemed to indicate that the public alfairs of this country were settled nt caucus meetings, and not in the representative assembly of tho people by means of free and fair discussion Tho protectionist members who had last week advocated the extension of the pnn ciplo of protection to the farmers were now going to stultny themselves by voting with the Government on this occnsion, in order that certain bon members might be retained on the Treasury benches If the statements made by the Premier last week were com- pared with those mude by lum last night, they would be found to be very inconsistent That lion gentleman had Btated Inst week that "so long us th» Government had a substantial majority supporting it on its general questions ot policy, it wns not going to abandon the Budget proposals to please the Opposition '1 hat was when the Premier was inn happy mood alter tho Government had secured u majority of one vote on the stock tax owing to a mistake being made m the pair boo'c by its whip "i 11 last night the Premier lind, in the face of trie statement which be deliberately made n fewdnysago, informed the House time the Government uitriided to aban Ion the whole of its Builcct proposals W as that the way in which ii Go vernment ought to guide the House' Vi hen the matter of Die mistake in the pair book hud been brought under the notice of lion members, and when it was apparent that the proposal tu increase the atocle tnx had if not a majority certainly uti equal number of sup porters in the House, the Premier stated that ' on the reporting of tho resolution there would be iiuothir opportunity of raising the question of an increased duty on cittle, mid every lion, member ot the House could be present then it be thoug ht proper ' Hie Premier, however, had hy Ins action of yesterday eaten his own words, and also the promise which he had given lion members that they should, in con sequence of thcunatiko in the entry in the pair bool., luv c another opportunity of voting upon the nsolution (Heir hear ) It was manifest th it the Government had com pletely wheeled round upon itself, and hud completely tooled its supporters mid broken filth with lion membirs (Hear, hear ) W hat opportunity had a lnr¡,c number ot bon members had to ruise the question again when tin Ooverntncnt lind gone behind their backs unit settled the ii ft mr utrt caucus meet mi; ' Hie action ol the Gove'rnment was n bicach ot politic d faith, and it had sought and obtained the uid of its supporters m not carrying out its promise to the House-n prumisc of fair pluy, and one between honourable gentlemen, which ought to have been curried out Domini holding the posi tion of Premier would be allowed to play fast und lu >sc with the representatives ol people in that way Mr h L SMUII- But he does it Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEi-T-But he could not do it and the country would not let lum do it (Hear hear ) lion members must remember that they would shortly have to meet th ir constituents. (Cheers, counter cheers) Hie protectionist members who had been returned to support a protective policy had failed to do so when they had the game m their own hands,and could have dictated their own ternii with referenco to those increased duties which the farmers were crving out for merely for the purpose ol kciplng cer- tain lion gentlemen in place and power 'lliose lion members hud by their action become the very destroyers of that principle of protection which they had been returned to the House to support One of tho daily pip»rs hill sneered at the electors who had returned lum to the House by stating that he only represented a few Milesian pot Uo growers (L militer ) 1 here were ill the elector ite ot Belfast men ol nil nntionnliities and lill creeds mid of difierent occupations He lind recently travelled about the country, and his cxperunce had been that there was an overwhelm nig niijonty of the peoples of tins colony iii uivour nt having the principle ot pro tcction extended, not alone to tho me chaine, hut to tho 1 irni»t also, mid those lion members who now sup portel the Ooie-rumcut ni the position it had Assumed would have to sitisly thtir constituents that tiley had voted in the right direction that night when they ait with the G ivcriiiOeiit during the division (Iltur, hear ) he had, while ad Iressnig the House on the address lu reply to the Governors speech, stated tnat the tariff ou.ht to b" re vised by a Govcrnt i nt coripofittl ot protcc tiomsts, und not b> n eodinon Govcrnmeiit It there had bein ii protectionist Ministry sitting on the Ireasiiry benches would the II tuse have lind the tomfoolery that hint ha n emu,, cm for the hist two months' Would its »U| p riera hilve Dun blindiuliied and h lodwinke I, mid w aid the protectionist in tiri st of the country hive linn sncrihced at a caucus meeting' (Heur, hear ) W nat ex phtimtioii multi those lion numbers who wire su| porting the Uivernmtut malro to their constituí nts-to tnc farmers of the iol my- in declining to have the duty on ct re ils imposed niter it lind been support! d by all the members ot the House with tin excep tiuiiot theeight merni ers ol the Government its two whips, nnd two faithful supporters' W I y should the Uovernmi nt fruntriitc tlie hop sot tue tannera just as tiny wire nb mt ti be realised* Between iwo mil time mouths must elapse betöre the I lectoral Bill ci uid be p isst d , linn two or ihree iiiouths more would be occupic I iii preparing ihc electoral rolls anti otht r machinery Hie Minni election woull not take place until \pril, and it would be next May bef r* Pur hume ne could meet nt,im and tell the I Government that ihe country insisted up m llie nietende ot tho duty upon cereals. Uh) should there be nix or elgin months'dels) ' Ministers were slinking lu tlnir siloes us to the verdict ot theircoiistituenu a with renard to tho stuck tax , but supposing they were returned, they would still mund ni the wayot ihe tanners' representatives, who would he returntd with instructions to vote for an lu- cre iso ot the stoi k tax Meanwhile, for six or tight months stuck woulil be poured min the colony by tens of thousand», and, the niirket being glutted, lower prices would pr< v ni, mid the lariui rs ot this colony w ould suffer iieavy lusse«. 1 lie fumiers would want to know why their representatives m Purlin ment had sacrificed their interests to keep in ii Government which would deny them the binilit of n stock tir, (Hear, hear ) Tho Ijoveriiiiient was not justihed in throwing over the whole ot Us Budget mid tariff pro- ponía alter giving months to the considera- tion of the subject merely for the sake of a federation iden that had no pith or murrow in it-that was tv mere skeleton, a mjth. There was no precedent for such a course The Government posed ns the tricnds ol the fanner«, but all the Ministerial promises were dist to tile winds because the Government waa nppo&cd; on four items in the tariff. Hie nirmers usked for more than »as ufterett to thurn, and then lore they wero to get nothing at all T lie mciliniiicnl trades were promised increased protection, but the promues ot the Government had vanished into thin mr, Wtre the people engaged in tims« industries likely tobe satisfied w un thnt kind of t eminent? On tin-strength ol Minis- terial promises, manufacturers ordered ma- chinen, und now they lound themselves dis- appointed Duties lind been collected under the proposed new tariff during the past seven v eeles, mid ev, r\ shilling ot that extra dut) woul 1 have to be rclunded to the importers. All that the turill proposals ol the Govern- ment, had done was to disorganise trade and upset business arrangements. (Hear, hear) I or the iederatiou lud the whole business ot tlie country woa to be neglected. A tanti had been brought torwnrd, threu- tourths ot which would have been agreed to, and it was to be entirely set muda simply to kei p tho present Ministry in oihee until it went to ibu countr). Tue snrau Mtnistr) would certainly not come buck to power. Hveryone in the country wns asking why it did not resign now. If it was necessary tor un electoral Bill to bo curried, it should bo earned by tv purely Liberal Government, in which the country had commence. Hie Government bad been promising a redistribution ot the electoral districts tor three years, and hud de- finitely arranged to bring it forward this ses- sion. Yet no Olio hid been iillordtd tho slightest knowledge of what this bill was to bo. The SPHAKKR said he had alrendy ruled that the subject ot the electoral Bill could not bo gone into. Sir BRYAN 07,0011 L1ÎNT anid that the argument of the Govi ruinent us to the nocen ait) lor passing the new Hlouoral Bill waa not well lounded. '1 he matter hud been undents consideration for three tears, and It had not yet given tiny intimation ns to tho nature of the bill Waa the House to plunge into something of which nohnd) lind the slightest knowledge ' Taking the Premier's statement as true, were bon. members to follow ii Government that abandoned ita whole policy ! '1 here was n ghost in the coalition party, and thut wits plural voting Thut ghost would nae tim very day that the Klectoral Bill waa brought forward, and the Government that now pro- posed that their followers ahould turn upon themselves would be turned upon them- selves. Mr. JONKS remarked that it had been Bald thnt lhere wua a precedent tor the lino ot action proposed hy the Government. 'Hint precedent was In 1S70, when blr James M'Culloch moved to have the Lund, Pro petty, »nd Income lax Bill discharged from the paper It was discharged but he (Mr. Jones) hud looked in vam in the records of the House of Commons for a precedent for a Government continuing to live after it had nbandoned its financial policy, which this Government proposed to do Sir James M'Culloch succeeded in " jen) mandering the electora of this colony, and the result was his dismissal from office He (Mr Jones) wished to make no personal referonco in connection with this debite, but he believed thit tho lion member for Ararat (Mr M'Lellnn) for whose agc ns a member of the House he had the greatest respect, bad con sidtrable reason to know that. Mr M'LELLAN -You had to leave this House on an important memorable occasion jourselt Mr JONES-The lion member is intro ducing a matter that he w ould rather not foi low further If he wishes to bring that matter up and will stand on this floor na my accuser, I will give lilma chance of anting that he will ndmit that my défonce is absoluto mid conclusive and if he snvs it would not be so I rather think ho would nfterwnrds bo very sorry for having Baid it. He has referred to something thnt doesn't nffect the present debate Mr M LLLLAN -Neither did the other. Mr JON1 S -Yea it did, decidedly. 1 he SPLAKLR.-Tho debate is one of m terjections 1 will ask the apenkera not to take notice of interjections, for they are diaorderly Mr JON TS -I know thnt to take notice of interjections is diaorderl) but if I had not taken notico of that by the hon member it might have been assumed that I was afraid to take notice of what was intended to be a personal attoek, an attack which has been answered by the electora to whom I op pealed on attack which linn been answered time nnd again , an attack which hna been dealt with on the Hoir of this House, and an attack which I challenge nny lion member to repeat If any lion member is pleised to cill for ft committee I will be glad, so that I may be protected from another such I attack I waa merely reh mng to the fact that the electora were "jerrymandered,' and the hon member for Ararat was unseated Mr M LI LLAN -You were yourselt Mr JONTs-Hint I suppose 19 orderly, and is the. kind ot order we can expect from the representative of the institutions of Ararat It ia nil the notice he deserves, for ho is a supporter of tho Ministry who has de dared time and again that ho would vote ueaiiiBt the Government when the time carne to oust it, so thnt he could obtain soma bene fits from the Ministers being unseated It ia to the honour ot this House that the Ministry is supported by lion members who wait for the privilege of being able to vote against it lim lion member for Ararat knows that it is true Mr M'LI LLAN -It ia not. I challenge you to prove a word of it Mr GAUJvbON -I have heard ypu say bo CO times Mr JO\rS -It lins been said time and again by the lion member in the presence of otlier lion members Mr M'LI LLAN -It's a lie I it's a lie I it's alto 1 Mr JONES-The lion member line «aid" that the Government st inda in a bad position, and it would never be in a better one so lonir sa it wis ii Ministry, nnd yet ho ranks lum self behind the Government, and expects Us moral support Mr Bl.NI -I suppose everyone heard what the lion member for Ararat Baid I cull the attention ot the Chief becretnry in the absence of the Premier to it. It this s"rt of thing goes on bon membera would have to any something Mr MIN1YR1I-Ihe hon member for Ararataaid "Ita a lie That was the ex pression Mr M LELLAN-So it was Mr M IN IYRL -1 move that the worth be tiken down Mr M'L1LL\N-I move thnt they be taken down myself, because tho assertion ot the lion member for Ballarat Weat ia wholly without foundation Ihe SP) AK1 li.-At the present time the lion memoir tor Brighton has risen to a point ot order and tho lion member for Ararat has move I that certain words be takt n down I did not hear the expression It mutters go on as they are things may be lorcid upon the House which we dont de aire 1 ask the lion member for Ballarat West to continue Ins spi edi Mr M L! LLAN -I move that the words be taken down Mr MI\l\Rr-Tho lion member for Ararat ha I sal I ' Ita a he I move that the words I l t iken down Mr M LI LI, \\\ - I hen I'll socond it Hie bl'LAKI li.-1 ho lion member enn not move thai the words be taken down after a speech lins intervened. Mr M'LELiLAN-I wiall that the words be taken down, so that I can speak upon them. 'Hie SPEAKER.-I muBt give tho same ruling in tins case, and as theBe two matters have hccn disp ised of I suggest to the lion member for llillurat West and tho lion member for Brighton that it is best that the »peich be allowed to coutume without tur ther interruption. Mr M'LEI.L\N.-I rise to n point of orckr. The Speiker will see the vnst dis- tinction bi tween lion members opposite and myself (Opposition cheers ) A statement has been made by nn lion, mi mber in this House which reflects on my honour, mid I have risen io give it nn uuqualihed denial. Mr. GAUNSON.-You have nono Mr M'LELI. VN - 1 am entitled, under the standing orders and the Parliamentary laws of this Assembly, to an explanation oi the whole circumstances 'Hie whole state- ment ainouutfi to this .-I met the lion member lor Bulhirnt Weat tile other tiny, and we had a confidential talk over political mattera 'Hie SPEVKEI. -The lion, member has risen to a point ot order, but it npptars that he wants lo make n pera mai explanation, which he can do afterwards Mr M'lN TYRE -Let me point out tina to you. 'I bree times the lion member said "It's a lie" 1 ink you it von ought not to order lum to withdraw the words Mr M'LELEAN.-It is past the time. Mr HEN I'-I simply drew the attention of the Chief Secretary to the remark, and II he did not take notice of it 1 nm not culled upon to take any further action I trust thnt the lion, member (or Ballarat West will be allowed to continue. Mr. DEAKH -Hie reason why I did not teel called upon to take ni.y notice of the remark of the bon. member for Ararat wns thai, after he contradicted the statement made by the lion member for Ballarat West (Mr. Jones), that gentleman repeated the Btutemcnt. That I to ik to be a breach of the standing orders, and although the t xpressiou of the lion member for Ararat was not war- ranted-it was unparliamentary-I did not feel culled upon lo interlire. Mr GAUNSON.-You ought to benshamed of yourselt 'Hie SPEAKER,-'lhere can bo no doubt that ii the lion member for Ararut made that statement it was out ot order The lion, member for Ballarat West repeated tho state- ment, and that should not have been done lion members might ace pt the suggestion to allow the debate lo proceed. Mr M'lN TYRE -Is it right that the lion, member Mr. blAUGHTON-I rise to a point of order. The lion, member for Maldon (Mr MTntvre) has spoken four times. Mr. M'INlYItE- I think you will admit that it is right to ask the absoluto with- drawal ot the word» lrindo use ot by the bon. member for Arurat(Mr M'Lellan). Mr JONES -I did not hear what was said by the bon. member tor Ararat. I wus mi rely saying Hint 1 knew it to be n foct Mr M'LELLAN.-It is not a fact Mr. JONES.-It ia a fact, and was heard by other lion, members, who know the almost fanatic zeul of the bon, member tor Ararat. Mr M'LELLAN.-I ask if it is right for the lion member to make n niiBstuteinent Mr. BEN 1' -Ho only says that you aro n fanatic, and that's true. The SPEAKER.-If tho lion, member for Ararat denies Hie statement, the lion, member for Ballarat West is bound to accept that dental. Mr JONES.-I may pcrhnps be permitted tosuy that 1 thought tho bon. number said so, and that several other bon, members thought so too. Mr. GAUNSON.-1'll swear to it. Ho saul the same to me, Mr, JONES.-If tiio lion, member says that ho did not say what I heard him say, I nm bound to accept his Statement, and I accept it accordingly In tho Parlia- mentary sense, but at the sama time I was never more deceived in my life. It was for thnt reason that 1 thought the lion, mem- ber's fanatic zeal in mvoiir of the Ministry was to a very considerable citent iiBSumotl. I thought that ho was not really as zealous tis he appeared to be* I am sure that ho Is as earnest for the Government na bo appeared to he earnest against it last week. THE CASE OF JOHN bMITH. Mr. PEIUCE moved that tho petition on behalf ol John Smith, formerly nu engine* eleanor in the Botvico of the Riillwnr depart- ment, who In December, 1BSG, met with art accident at the Spencer-street railway station whereby he lost both his legs, be taken into consideration, and that In the opinion of tho House, the amount of compensation granted hy the Hiiilivuy department ought to he nicrenacil, Thu fuels of the case lind already been brought under tho notice of the House Smith wns a young I man who was employed as an engine cleaner, ihm! he waa crossing the line on his way to the engine sheds when he waa knocked down by the Williamatown train and re ceived injuries which necesaitated the ampu tation of both his legs It wna night time and the crosamg although used by nome 400 men was not lit an i in a very awkward situation while in addition to that bmith was put out ot Ins reckoning by the fnct that the tram which struck lum was an minutes late, nn 1 he believed it was n couple of milea own) The commissioners allowed Smith aix montha lew« ot absence on half pay, nnd paul lum compensation to the amount ot £300 But this wns not conai lered stall nlequite aeeing that Smith was quite ft young mau and li id bien disable 1 for life Appeala h i i been made to the Minister and the corami" Bioner« but the depirttnent const lered tnnt tho man had been very fnirly tre ited espe emily as ho lind been a very short timi m the service of the department Hie clcrg>men of all denominations nt Benalla lind written to the Minister of Rmlwnja urging a recou sideration ot bmith a case Mr GRW1S seconded the motion The petition h vii been before the House tor some time and tile nutter was ono in which many ol his constituents took a great interest Hie f icts of the caso bad been placed before the nousc and did not require to bt. re stated It was true that on the payment of the sum of Í300 by the Rmlway department ns compensation Smith hnd signed u rec, ipe ncknowlidi,iiig that he had no further claim nyunst the Government Hie amount grünte i however wns but smnll and it would bon kindly act if the li ni way depart mint would tive bim aome li¡,ht form of em piojuient Mr GILLirb ¡enid that all auch ciaea na the one betöre the House nppeiled to the Hvmpnthv of bon members It w13 not a question whether Smith waa ns Had bein nllegid slightly to blame Hie punishment he had received wns far oeynnd what nny slight carelessness deserved (Ifenr henr ) lliecom pcnsation awnrled lum could lust but a short time nn I the Railway Commissioners, recognising the si vere injuries he hnd Butiered were seeking to find bim some light emplo)meut by which he could enrn n livelihoo I (Cheers ) It hnd been the rule in the department from the enrhest times if one of its ofiirers was injured m the aervice to find him some suitable work (Cheers ) That was n wise mid humane practice nnd neither the rill way nor nny other department of the public service would Buller from adopting it (Cheers) Sir BRYAN 0 LOOIILEN waa gratified to hear the statement of tile Premier, because the mun deserved the deepest sympathy Mr liriD concurre! mid would recom mend the lion member tor Weat Mel bourne'Mr Peircojto lenve the matter en tirely in the hands of ti e Government Mr PljIRCEnBkcd leave to withdraw the motion He was content to accept the as auranceof the Premier (Hear, hear ) Ihe motton was withdrawn ahe case or ihe témale 11 ACHLRS The consideration of the petition of female teachers in favour of their classification was resumed tho qmstion being the adoption of the motion submitted by Sir Bryan O Lojilcn TI at tins Home. Isol op nlon that the petitioners sliould be forthwith oUsslUcd and Instruots tho Go vcr mottaioordl ch- ille House divided on the question with the following result - Ajea 24 Noea ¿5 Majority ngainst Sir Bryan Ü Loghlcn s motion 11 The division list was as follows - AYES Mr Pilles Mr Jonos Mr Pclrce \- linker - Lsnedon Dr Q lick \- I u it - Lnra.rld£0 Dr lioso \- i ild - Lauruns Mr I U 8vnlth \- Qaunsou - Liviin - Toohey \- Graves - Miram? - Tucker \- llarj cr - Murphy - Vaia \- tluut Sir Ii OLoghlen - C lounjr IiOTS Mr VV Anderson Mr Gordon Mr Hell (Cres vi li) - Omham - It issell \- rt An I r<on - A Harris - Muckett (\ »n 1 II ) - J Harris - O Hmlth \- Uosl to - lllchttt - &tauj.htan; \- Hour 11er - Al Call - Uro i \- Ca i ural - M I can - Walkor \- P M Davies - 11 I ellan - Wheeler \- Deakin - Murray - Wright \- t crhaiu - Mum o - Wrixon \- I-orrust - Oiitrln -A Young \- Uardlnor - Pearson - ¿ox. \- Gillies THE CALIFORNIA THISTLE. The House having resolved itself into com- mittee, Mr MURPHY moved— ' That an address be presented to His Excellency the Governor requesting that he would be pleased to place on the additional estimates the sum of £1,000 for the purpose of assisting the Bungaree and Bunin- yong Shire Councils to eradicate the noxious weed known as the California thistle." Mr. L. L. SMITH seconded the motion. Mr. ANDERSON (Villiers) said that the California thistle grew in other parts of the colony as well as in Bungaree and Buninyong. The motion should apply to the whole of Vic- toria, and he therefore would move to strike out the words "Bungaree anti Buninyong." If the hon. member for Ballarat East (Mr. Murphy) accepted the amendment, he would subsequently move that the £1,000 be spent in inspection, and in enforcing eradication. The duty of destroying the weed should be cast on private owners. (Cheers.) Mr. L. L. SMITH was afraid that the motion would be imperilled if such a sweep- ing amendment were moved. Mr. BENT said it was well-known that the thistle existed in other places besides Bungaree and Buninyong. It had, in fact, spread throughout the colony. It would be much more sensible to ask the House to support the Government in increasing the vote. Personally he considered that the vote ought to be increased to £3,000 or £5,000. Mr. DOW said the House was somewhat in the dark in regard to what the money was re- quired for. The House ought to understand that the Government had done everything possible to ascertain the best means of dealing with this weed. The Californian thistle was not the only weed which affected the farmers. The colony unfortunately suf- fered from the Bathurst burr and the St. John's wort. Under the Thistle Act the onus of destroying these weeds was thrown on the individuals owning the land upon which they grew. The Government had employed the Agricultural chemist in dealing with the Californian thistle, and if the hon. member for Ballarat East (Mr. Murphy) thought it could be eradicated by the use of chloride of lime, he was very much mistaken. If the House voted money for the eradication of this weed there was no reason why it should not be called upon to vote money tor the ex- tinction of other weeds, to say nothing of rabbits. The particular land referred to by the hon. member tor Ballarat East (Mr. Murphy) was worth from £40 to £50 per acre, and the Government was asked to ex- pend £1,000 to do something to it, which was not specified in detail. The angricultural chemist had informed the Government that money spent upon chloride of lime would be wasted. Mr. C. YOUNG.—He recommended chloride of lime. Mr. DOW.—Yes, but experiments had since proved that chloride of lime did not act. He had received a letter from the Myrniong district, suggesting a scheme for the eradication of the pest . According to this scheme it was desirable that land, if growing potatoes, should he well hoed. The more the hoeing was curried out the quicker would the thistle be got rid of. It was also suggested that farmers should turn their attention for a time to the growing of green crops instead of hay. Hay was the means of distributing the seeds of the thistle. Another effectual method tor getting rid of the pest would be to sow rich lands in artificial grasses, and then heavily graze them. In Tasmania a bill had been introduced rendering it an offence, punishable by law, for any person in occupation of lands, to grow a crop which could be distributed to the prejudice of other lands the colony. The Tasmanian Government did not ask for money to deal with matters of this kind, but it told the farmers plainly that they were not justified in making their lands a nuisance to their neighbours. If the House agreed to the expenditure of the money asked for, the Government would probably be inundated with applications for money from all parts of the colony. The department with which he was connected had done its best lo cope with the nuisance. Mr. BENT.—What have you done ? Mr. DOW.-—I mean in regard to scientific experiments. (Laughter ) Considerable re- sult has been obtained from that. We have, at all events, found out what is not effec- tual. Mr. C YOUNG.—Exactly. Mr. DOW.—To find out what was not suit- able was, at any rate, something. Anything which could be done to follow up the experi- ment already made would be done. Mr. C. YOUNG observed that the hon. member for Ballarat East (Mr. Murphy) de- served credit for bringing the motion before the House. He agreed with the Minister of Lands that it would be wrong to appro- priate public money in the removal of noxious weeds from private lands. Enough had been said, however, to justify the Government in taking steps to find out the best effectual means of dealing with the Californian thistle pest. He had been informed that the best means of dealing with the thistle was nut to cut it, but to cover the shoot above the ground with straw or hay. This caused the root below to perish. He would suggest that a select com- mittee be appointed to take evidence with the object of ascertaining the best means of eradicating the pest. Mr. STAUGHTON did not think the House would be justified in agreeing with the motion, inasmuch as there were other parts of the colony suffering from the weed. In the district he represented, where Cali- fornian thistles grew, a farmer had dealt effectually with the difficulty. This was proved by a letter which has been for- warded to him, and which contained the fol- lowing :— "I must tell you that Mr. Matt Stephenson, farmer, Greendale, planted some potatoes in a small paddock which was infested with the pest five years ago, with the result that he has a crop of thistles instead. These he mowed off and burned, then sowed with rye grass, and afterwards grazed heavily, also used scythe, with the result that the thistle grew weaker year after year until the present one. He now says he has completely conquered them ; at any rate, he has put in a crop in the once infested land. What Mr. Stephenson has done others can do likewise." That was the best way to cope with the pest, if it was systematically carried out. It would be unjust to the rest of the community if the £1,000 asked for was expended in the Bun- inyong and Bungaree districts alone. The Government chemist ought not to have raised the hopes of the farmers in that district by suggesting the use of chloride of lime, with- out having had sufficient data to go upon to enable him to form some proper conclusion on the matter. Mr. RUSSELL stated thant this thistle had been a long time in the Ballarat district, and had obtained such a strong hold in it that it would be difficult to eradicate it, every method which had been suggested having failed to do so. He was not aware of the method it was proposed to follow in the hope of exterminating the pest when the £1,000 was voted, but if necessary it could be made a con- dition to the vote that the Minister of Agri- culture should approve of the method before the money was expended. He was rather surprised that some hon. members had taken exception to the vote on the ground that the pest existed on private property. It was as much a national calamity as an outbreak of small-pox would be in Melbourne, and steps ought to be at once taken to prevent its spread over the whole colony. Mr. ANDERSON (Villiers).—Why should the money be voted to only two shires in tho colony ? Mr. RUSSELL.—The vote should be en- larged so as to apply to every shire in the colony. Mr. C. YOUNG.—That would mean a vote of £100,000. Mr. RUSSELL. —This thistle was not like the ordinary thistle or the Scotch thistle. Its roots extended 10in. or 12in. into the ground. If the infested land was hoed and deeply ploughed the result might be beneficial. It the House resolved on this occasion not to do anything towards stamping out the obnoxious weed it would soon be compelled to take some action in that direction, as large quantities of chaff were weekly being sent all over the colony from the Ballarat district, and doubtless some seeds of the weed went along with it. Mr. ANDERSON (Creswick) said that he was glad that the House was seized with the importance of taking some steps to secure the extermination of the pest. The roots of this troublesome weed extended 5ft. or 6ft. down into the ground, and its peculiarity was that every small piece of the root or joint would grow into a plant, so that the hoe skimming process would be of little avail in eradicating the pest. The laying down of artificial grasses had been tried in the Creswick district as a means of destroying the weed, but the experi- ment had been an utter failure. The method of covering up the weed with straw as soon as it made its appearance had been tried, but without success, and in fact the only way to cope with the pest was to use common salt. The farmers had used every legitimate means in their power to check the spread of the weed, and those who had failed to do so had been summoned before the courts and fined. If hon. members thought it unwise to place a sum of money on the Estimates, as proposed, the motion could be withdrawn, and the suggestion made by the hon. member for Kyneton substituted in its place. He did not want anything but what was reasonable and fair, and hon. members should look at the matter from a national standpoint. Mr. LEVIEN said that £1,000 would be of no practical use in the way it was proposed to be applied in eradicating the ob- noxious weed, as it now existed. The object which the hon. member for Ballarat East (Mr. Murphy) had in view could be attained by accepting the suggestion made by the hon. member for Kyneton, and the assurance given by the Minister of Lands that the Government would expend any money that might be necessary from an ex- perimental point of view to endeavour to cope with the post. In that way the interests of the farmers would best be served. The method of covering the weed up as soon as it made its appearance was perhaps an effectual way, but it was not a practical way of dealing with the pest, seeing that in some cases it covered a large area of ground. No doubt the scheme suggested by the Government was an effective way of dealing with the matter, but there would always be a great practical difficulty in dealing with a plant of the character of this weed, its roots going so far into the ground. The matter depended a good deal upon the farmers themselves by adopting a system of high- class cultiva tion, and by a plentiful use of manure, com- bined with energy in keeping the weed down. He hoped that the suggestion of the hon. member for Kyneton that a committee of investigation should be appointed to visit the infested districts and report upon the matter would be agreed to. Mr. VALE said that it was strange that as soon as the farmers in Bungaree district asked for a sum of money to enable them to cope with the pest, other districts were declared to be infested with the pest and desired to participate in the vote. It was a pity that the House had not been supplied with the true details of the marvellous experiment made by the Government chemist. (Laugh- ter.) With regard to the farmers indulging in a high state of cultivation and heavily manuring their grounds as recommended, he took it for granted that the more a plant was fed the better it would grow. The Californian thistle was not a native of Bungaree, and the result of experiments made by the American farmers, extending over a period of 50 years, showed that chemical manures or blankets of straw had not the slightest effect in exterminating the weed. The only way was to cut its head off, the same as the electors would do with the freetrade candidates at the next general election. (Laughter.) Mr WHEELER said that the post was not confined to the Ballarat district. It existed in the Daylesford district, where a number of experiments had been tried for its eradica- tion without success. He agreed with the suggestion to appoint a select committee to inquire into the matter, and he saw no reason why the vote should not be applied to the whole colony. Mr. DOW said that the debate simply in- structed hon. members how desirable it was that further information should be obtained on the matter. The Government would be very pleased to accept the suggestion of the hon. member for Kyneton, that a committee should be appointed to collect such informa- tion as would enable the Government to deal with the matter. Mr L. L. SMITH said there ought not to be the slightest delay in taking steps to crush out a pest that was likely to be detrimental to the best interests of the colony. While a select committee was being formed an ex- periment should be made in some locality where the pest was most felt. The best method of destruction was by digging trenches and running gas tar oil down themi, so as to destroy the roots of the thistle. This might destroy vegetation for a time, but would ultimately improve the productiveness of the soil. The Government were to blame for allowing the waste lands to become covered with all kinds of noxious weeds. There was the Scotch thistle especially. Mr. MUNRO.—There is not a Scotch thistle in Victoria. Mr. L. L. SMITH.— Not on the plains ? Mr. MUNRO.—I will give you a £5-note for every one you find. Mr. GAUNSON dissented from the prin- ciple laid down that it was not the duty of the Government to destroy a national pest on private property. If private owners were not able to cope with a pest which was likely to prove generally injurious they ought to be assisted. Mr. J. HARRIS thought the committee should be appointed as suggested, to ascer- tain to what extent the pest existed through- out the colony. He was sure that it was possible to kill the weld by constantly cutting off its leaves. Sorrel and docks had been destroyed in this way. Some years ago the Government botanist of South Australia produced a most valuable report on exotic and indigenous weeds, but he did not know whether this particular weed was dealt with. He would draw the attention of the Minister of Agriculture to the existence of Bathurst burr round about Geelong. Mr. WRIGHT said that it had been shown that this weed grew in rich soil only. The proposal to vote money for the eradication of the pest, therefore, looked like taking money from the poor farmer to give to the rich one. Mr. GAUNSON.—If you do not stop the pest it will spread. Mr. WRIGHT.—This weed did not grow in poor land ; it was found in rich soil, four or five feet down. There were many other weeds for which votes might be claimed, and if this vote were conceded it would be hard to say where the expenditure of public money would end. Was it desirable that a premium should be offered for slovenly farming? (Cries of "Oh.") Mr. BOURCHIER said that the practical way of dealing with the matter was to appoint a committee. If the pest were spreading a general treatment should be adopted. Mr. BENT said that while there was a Minister of Agriculture he saw no reason for the appointment of a committee, which only meant deferring action. In Bungaree the peat was spreading, and the tenants and not t e owners of the land were suffer- ing. The Minister of Lands should be voted £3,000 or £4,000 to expend in put- ting down the pest, which, if not put down at once, would become as troublesome as the phylloxera. The committee would make a mistake if it voted money for a committee to dispense. He understood that something like forty hon. members had promised their support to the bill, and if that was so it would be carried. It it was not carried, the Government would have to appoint a com- mittee. Mr. MURPHY said that in consequence of the presence of the thistle land which some years ago was worth £50 per acre was now worth not more than £15. The thistle might well be called an agricultural cancer. He had been waiting on the Minister time after time with representatives of shire councils to ask that steps be taken to eradicate the pest, and he now felt that it was his duty to bring the question down in a practical form. He would give those 44 hon. members who had promised him their support an opportunity to record their votes. Mr. ANDERSON (Villiers and Heytesbury) —Do I understand that you accept my amendment? Mr. MURPHY.—Make it £10,000, and I will. Mr. ANDERSON (Villiers and Heytesbury). —If this thistle is dangerous in one part of the colony it is dangerous all over it. He would like to know before he voted if the words Buninyong and Bungaree were to be struck out, and he would like to know how the money was to be expended. Mr. L. L. SMITH —By the Minister. Mr. ANDERSON (Villiers and Heytesbury). —If the Minister proposed to use the £10,000 in carrying out experiments, it was all very well, but it would require ten times £10,000 to eradicate the thistle from the colony. The money should be placed in the hands of some practical men for expenditure. Mr. M'LELLAN said that it was the duty of hon. members to ascertain how far the thistle extended throughout Victoria, and what effect it had on agriculture. A com- mittee should be appointed for that purpose, and it would do a service not only to Bun- garee and Buninyong but to all parts of the colony. Mr. CAMERON said that some parts of the colony were overrun by briers, docks, and Scotch thistles, and unless the bill was to deal with those he would vote against it. He had one of the cleanest farms in Victoria, and it was because he took trouble to keep it clean, and observed the advice given by the Minister of Lands. Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN said that he also had a weed in his district. It was a weed called the Milesian. (Laughter.) The Government had succeeded in doing nothing in regard to the Californian thistle, and the House should vote this £1,000 now to enable further experiments to be carried out. Mr. M'LEAN thought the hon. member for Ballarat East (Mr. Murphy) deserved great credit for his endeavour to have a weed that was certainly becoming a very serious nuisance in many parts of the colony eradicated. (Hear, hear.) There should be no objection to the sum of £1,000 being voted on the condition that it was not to be confined to any one district. The suggestion for the appointment of a select committee was a good one, and the vote of £1,000 could be placed at the com- mittee's disposal. Mr. BENT.—That is just what the hon. member has agreed to. lf the Minister will do that there's an end of the matter. Mr. DOW said the Government was quite willing to appoint a committee, and to pro- vide for whatever expenditure was afterwards found necessary. Mr. STAUGHTON thought it would meet the wishes of the committee if a select committee were appointed to inquire into the best means of destroying the thistle—(Cries of "No, no ") Mr. GAUNSON.—That won't do. The committee would have nothing to go upon. Mr. STAUGHTON.— And that a sum of £l,000 be appropriated for the purpose. Mr. L. L. SMITH.—That is the proposal already. Mr. DEAKIN could not see the necessity of voting a sum of £1,000, whether it were re- quired or not. ("No.") Surely it was suffi- cient ii the Minister undertook to appoint a committee, and provide for any reasonable expenditure that the committee might deem necessary. Mr. BENT suggested that to get over the difficulty the Government should consent to the £1,000 being voted, and before the resolution was reported to the House the Government could consult with the mover, and come to an understanding as to the coursec to be pursued. Mr. DEAKIN.—Very well. (Hear, hear.) The amendment of Mr. Anderson (Villiers) was agreed to, and the resolution as amended was agreed to and reported to the House. RAILWAY ROLLING Sl'OCK The debate on tile question of the construc- tion of railway rolling Block waa resumed, the qimation before the Chair being a motion submitted by Mr. M'Call, as lollowa : " That seelnz tho dsmaml for rollintr stootc is far beyo.id »hat tho Kailwa) department can supply and that it is neccssarv that additional «took for tho coove)anoe of live »took, thnlor, and coodn beat onco obtained, tills House now instructs the Ratina) Commissioners to preparo a schedule prico at which thesocan bo made li) contractors in the colony, and at once ordor such stock as shall muet present dimane* s." Mr. WHEELER remnrked that aome such resolution us this should have been passed yen-a igo It wns n lonir-stmiditig disgrace against the present Government that the Buppl) of rollintr stock bud been so inade- quate. The rall wa) s were worked in the most disgraceful manner for tile want oí roi!,ne stock. He did not blame the Rml wnv Commissioners in the matter. (" Oil I") The commissioners snid that ii Parliament voted the money they would obtain the trucks. Mr. GAUNbON.-It is the fault of the Ministry. Mr. WHEELER wan not blaming the Ministry as a whole. The Minister ot Rail- I wti)s, however, must have known from his correspondence of the difficulties being ex- perienced from the detective supplv of trucks. It wus his duty to ascertain thut ample tunda were placed at the diaposal of the liuilwny Commissioncra to ennbl« them to procure un adequate supply of trucks. Trade was being impeded throughout the whole colon), and mer were being thrown out of employ mci't m consequenco of the block ol Boorie "t the atattoiiB. Tho Premier brought orward a surplus of three quarters ot a million when he knew that the railwa)B weit, starving for the want of rollintr stock. Wau that right? All the contructs lor trucks which had been let were now completed, but if the Government could place 2 000 additional trucks on the lines they would not moro than meet the demands ol the publia Intercolonial goods were being curried from the border at u dead loss in rolling stock which could be profitably emploi ed m con- veying Victorian produce. Mr. GILLIES-You have no foundation for that statement Mr. WHEELER.-At nil éventa, the truck« wero nnt ¡drilling- ti profit. Mr. GILLIES -That, ia nnother chorge. Mr. WHEELER brought the matter tor ward because of the misery and sultcrinc which wore being cuuaed lu the country b> the block of traffic. Mr. GILLIES moved the adjournment of the dehnte, He did bo because Hie chairman ut the Railway Commissioners »as ill, und he lind not been able lo obtain the -inteim-nt he had expected to receive from lum. That state- ment would absolutely clear away many ot the random assertions which lind been mulli- on tins subject. Hu would repent what he lind previously saul, thnt at the beginning ot the fii.iincial ) car lie authonsid the Railway Commissioners to expend ¿300.000 in pro eui,og additional railway stock, lie thus anticipated the wishes ol tim House. Mr. BENT.- When I did that, what did you say ? Mr. GILLIES-When a Minister per- formed nn act of that kind he bud to explain lim fiction to the House. (Ironical cheers.) If necessiiry the Government was prepared to justify its action at lliatmoinent, but ni lim Interest ot the ummiiasioiiera he asked for thu adjournment. Mr, COOPER seconded the motion. The Prtnv-r the other evening had made certain charges against bun, Mr. GILLIES.-I tim prepared toread ti Btatenient on that point now. Mr. COOPER was indifferent whether the Prem,cr read the alitement thul evening, or when the debute was returned. The Premier had nut onl) not touched tho charges hu bud brought lorward Mr. GILLIES.-1 will not only touch them, but bundle them, Mr. COOPER.-The Premier must then expect to be handled also, 'Hie complulnt ho mude win, that the Premier, during his five jews of office, lind allowed the rolling Block to get into urreurs, although there hud been n stendil) growing business at thu Rail- way department Mr, GILLIES.-That is not correct Mr, COOPER_The lion, member could make statements w it h great gllbnuss, but the Houbu had to deal with tacts, and it waa to be hoped, thnt they would be uuppuud to them. He made these remarks in order that when the Premier made his statement he would know the course which he should pursue. Mr. GILLIES-You said the commis- sioners hod not done their duty, and you are now trying to get out of it Mr. COOPER.-In this House we have to deal with the Minister of Railways I did not, and I do not, deal with the commis- sioners, 'Hie SPEAKER.--The lion member will lose his chance of «peaking tr> the main ques- tion it he does not confine himself to the ad- journment Mr BROW N lind been informed that if the firewood were placed in trucks on end a great deal of -.puce would be »avid 1 wo trucks would by this nn*uns be m nie to do the duty of three. He waa also informed that there W-is no riak in this syhtem Mr VALE sind it would be as well for members not to lose their right ol speaking on the mini question to nicht because it was possible the main question might never come on for discussion ugain He for one lind pointed out, when the commissioners took oflice, that there wns literally no rolling stock in process of manufacture, and Hint the traffic was gradually increasing No action, however, wns taken by the Govern- ment At this stage Mr Vals called attention to the state of the House A quorum having been formed, Mr \ ALE Bald there were ample facilities in the colony for the manufacture of rolling stock It rolling Block had not been ob tamed the Minister was to blame, and he ouHit to give lull information ou the subject Mr GAUNSON said that at no period of time in the history ot the railways had the department seemed to be so lamentably lack mg in rolling steck Ihe order which the Minister of Railways gave the other day for the commissioners to spend 1300 000 on rolling Block ought to have been tiveu years ago Mr GILLI] S -I am quite prepared to ac ccpt the reap 'inability Mr BAILE-3 culled attention to the state of the House A quorum hnving been formed, Mr ANDLRSON (Creswick) regretted that the Minister of Railways was not in a po»i lion to enter into the question to m"ht A ureat injustice was being done to his on «tituenU in const qucnce of the trucks not bt lng available mid hardships w< re being im posed on the carter» in his district At one station there wire hundreds ot tons ot pro dnce taking up all the uvuilable space there, waiting tor trucks to carry it way The thing was getting insufferable, and the tarmirs ami Bplitters in the Creswick district bad to load the trucks on Sundays in order to meet the difficulty If more trucks were not available several mines in thnt dmtrict woultl have to cease work causing thousands ot men to be thrown out of employment It wns immaterial with whom the fault luid but the muter bad now iissumetl too large proportions to be delayed any longer (Hear, bear ) Mr LANGDON stated that the Creswick district ulTorded by no menus an isolated in stance oi the wau t of sufficient railway trucks to meet the requirements of the district '1 he same complaint existed at Dunolly Bealiba and We Iderbiirn It washigh time something wns done to remedy the present deplorable state of affairs Mr M COLL thought tnat the Government ou"ht to have been prepared with a report to nicjit Mr GILLI1 S -That ia utterly unreason able. Mr M'COLL -The matter had been before the House some weeks ago, and members were then prepared to vote upon it, but, in the absence ol the Munster of Rmlwiys it was detern d on the Chief Secretary promising to obtain a report on the subject from the Railway Commissioners He trusted that an early opportunity would be iifft riled to bring the matter forward again so as to feet it deh nitely settled Mr BAILI S saul that the debate should not be adjourned Bimpiy to ullow certain information to be suuphed Hie subject would come up for dis ussion awaiti mid would probubly block private members busi ness Mr BENT asked, if it took the Govern ment nine weeks to i,et the information sought, how many weeks would it take to cet the trucks (Laughter) Mr JONEb said that the Government ought to be congratulated on having sud porters who lind to blame someone, but did not know whether that someone wua the Munster of Railway« or not Hie motion for the adjournment of the debato was then ngreed to ADJOURNMENT The House, at US minutes paBt 11 o clock, adjourned till next day 