I FICTION. From Kuillati, Amcrleau, anil «lli.r F.rlndlc.la. THE MYSTERY. CHAPTER XLV. AFTEtl THE CU0SS TKE CROWN. Tho glory of a brilliant April sunset shone in the rainbow-hued western sky and on the fresh green earth, all arrayed in the budding promise of spring. Grace Delaplaine stood by the window of a long, low room, looking thoughtfully out at the orange and'crimson dyes of the far-off sky. The apartment in which she stood was not at all like the vast old-fashioned rooms of Gower Hall. It was long, and narrow, and low-ceilinged, and very plainly furnished. The carpet on the floor was worn and threadbare, the chairs rush-bottomed, and tho window-curtains of coarse green moreen. There was a bed in the centre-a low, curtainlcss bed-and on it, pale, thin, and shadowy, lay Grace's brother, as he had lain for many weary weeks. He was asleep now, deeply, heavily, tossing I no longer in the wild delirium of brain fever as he had tossed for so many tedious days and nights. Grace dropped the curtain as the snn, like a circle of yellow flame, sank behind its gorgeous canopy, and went back to her post by the bedside. As she did so, the door softly opened, and Kate, in a dark, unrustling dress, and slippers of silence, came in. She had changed in those weeks ; she looked paler and thinner, and the violet eyes had a more tender light, a sadder beauty than of old. " Still asleep," she said, softly, looking at the bed, " Oh, Grace, I think our prayers have been heard." " I trust so, dear. Is your father in ?" " No; he has ridden over to see how the builders get on. You must want tea, Grace. Go ; I will take your place." Grace arose and left the room, and Kate seated herself in the low chair, with eyes full of tender compassion. What a shadow Doctor Delaplaine was of his former self-so pale, so thin, so wasted ! The hand lying on the counterpane was almost transparent, and the forehead, streaked with damp brown hair, was like marble. "Poor fellow!" Kate thought, pushing these stray locks softly back, and forgetting how danger- ously ¿kin pity is to love-" poor fellow !" Yes it had come to this. Sick-dying, perhaps -Kate Delaplaine found how dear this once ob- noxious young doctor had grown to her heart, " How blessings brighten as they take their flight!" Now that she was on the verge of losing him for- ever, she discovered his value-discovered that her admiration was very like love. How could she help it ? Women do admire heroes so much. And was not this brave young doctor a real hero ? From first to last, had not his life in St. Croix been a continuous, long list of good and generous deeds? The very first time she had ever seen him he had been her champion, to save her from the insults and rudeness of two drunken soldiers. He had been a sort of guardian angel to poor Agnes in her great trouble. He had saved her brother's life and honor. He had periled his own life to save that of her .sister. The poor of St. Croix spoke of him only to praise and bless him. Was not this house besieged every day with scores of anxious inquirers ? He waB -so good, so great, so noble, so self-sacrificing, so generous-oh, how could she help loving him P Not with the love that had once been Reginald Stan- ford's, whose only basis was a fanciful girl's liking for a handsome face, but a love far deeper, and truer, and stronger. She looked back now at that first infatuation, and wondered at herself. The scales had fallen from her eyes, and she saw her sister's husband in his true light-false, shallow, selfish, dishonorable. " Oh !" she thought, with untold thanksgiving in her heart, " what would have become of me if, J «ad married him ?" , J There was another sore subject in bc&rt;, also that flhort-lived betrothal of Sir ííonald Craig. How low she must have fallen '¿hen she could do that 1 How she despised herruf now for ever enter- taining the thought of t'.jt base marriage. She could thank Father F.ancis at last. By the sick- bed of Doctor Frank Delaplaine she had learned a lesson that would last her a life-time. The radiarj'je of the sunset was fading out of the sky, and the gray twilight was filling the room. She rose up, draw back the green curtains, and looked for a moment at the peaceful village street. When she returned to the bedside, the sleeper was awake-his eyes calm and clear for the first time. She restrained the exclamation of delight which arose to her lips, and, tried to catch the one faint word he uttered : "Water!" She gently raised his head, her cheeks flushing deeply, and held a glass of lemonade to his lips. A faint smile thanked her ; and then his eyes closed, and he was asleep again. Kate Delaplaine sank down on her knees by the bedside, grateful tears falling from her eyes, to thank Heaven for the life that would be spared. From that evening, the young man rallied fast. The physician, who came from Montreal every day to see him, Baid it was all owing to bia superb constitution and wondrous vitality. But he was rery, very weak. It was days and days before he was strong enough to think, or speak, or move. He slept, by fits and starts, nearly all day long, recog- nising his Bister, and Kato, and Evvy, and the captain by his bedside, without wondering how they carno to be there, or what ailed him. But strength to speak and think were slowly returning ; and, one evening, in the pale, silvery twilight, opening his eyes, he saw Kate sitting beside him, reading. He lay and watched her, strong enough to think how beautiful that perfect face wrs in the tender light, and te feel a delicious thrill of pleasure, weak as he was, at having her for a nurse. Presently Kate looked from the book to the bed, and blushed beautifully to find the earnest brown eyes watching her so intently. " I did not know you were awake," she said, com- posedly. " Shall I go and call Grace ?" "On no account. I don't want. Grace. How long have I been sick ?" " Olí, many weeks ; but you are getting better rapidly now." " I can't recall it," he said, contracting his brows. " I know there was a fire, and I was in tho house ; but it is all confusing. How was it ?" "Gower Hall was burned down you know-poor old house-and you rushed in to save Evvy and-" "Oh, I remember-I remember-abeam or some- thing fell on me ; and, after that, all is oblivion. I have had brain fever, I suppose ?" " Yes, you have been a dreadful nuisance-talk- ing all day, and all night, about all manner of sub- jects, and frightening us out of our lives." The young man smiled. " What did I talk about ? Anything very foolish ?" " I dare say it was foolish enough, if one could have understood it, but it was nearly all Greek to me. Sometimes you were in Germany talking about all manner of outlandish things ; sometimes you were in New York, playing Good Samaritan to Agnes Darling." " Oh, poor Agnes ! Where is she ?" " Taken to the high seas. She and Harry had to go, much against their inclination, while you were so ill." "And Evvy-did Evvy suffer any harm that night ?" " No ; Doctor Delaplaine was the only sufferer. The poor old house was burned to the ground. I was so sorry." " And everything was lost ?" "Noj a great many things were saved. And they are building a now and much more «legant Gower Hall ; but I shall never love it as I did the old place." I " Where aro we now ?" "In the village. We have taken this cottage until the new house is finished. Now don't ask any more questions. Too much talking isn't good for you." " How very peremptory you are !" said the invalid, smiling ; " and you have taken care of me all this weary time. What a trouble I must have been ?" " Didn't I say so ! A shocking trouble ! And now that you are able to converse rationally, you are more trouble than ever, asking so many ques- tions. Goto Bleep." " Won't you let me thank you first ?" " No ¡ thanks never would repay me for all the annoyance you have been. Show your gratitude by obedience, sir-stop talking, and go to sleep !" Perhaps Doctor Dclaplaine found it very pleasant to be ordered -thus, for ho obeyed with a smile on his face. Of course, with such a nurse as Miss Delaplaine the man would be obstinate indeed who would not rally. Doctor Frank Delaplaine was the reverse of obstinate, and rallied with astonishing rapidity. His sister, Evvy, and Kate were the most devoted, the most attentive of nurses ; but the hours that Captain Delaplaine's eldest daughter sat by bis bedside flew like so many minutes. It was very pleasant to lie there, propped up with pillows, with the April sunshine lying in yellow squares on the faded old carpet, and watch that beautiful face, bending over some pieco of elaborate embroidery, .or the humble dress of some village child. She read for him too, charming romances, and poetry as sweet as the ripple of a sunlit brook, in that en- chanting voice of hers ; and Doctor Delaplaine began to think convalescence the most delightful state of being that ever was heard of, and to wish it could last for ever. Butjlikethe pleasant things of this chequered life, it came to an end all too soon. The day arrived when Doctor Delaplaine Bat up in his easy-chair by the open window, with the scented breezes blowing in his face, and watched dreamily the cows glazing in the fields, and the dark-eyed French girls trip- ping up and down the dusty road. Then, a little later, and he could walk about in the tiny garden before the cottage, and sit up the whole day long. He was getting better fast, and Miss Delaplaine, concluding her occupation was gone, became very much like the Miss Delaplaine of old. Not imperious and haughty- she never would be that again-but reserved and distant, and altogether changed ; the , delightful readings were no more, the pleasant tete-a-tetes were among the things of the put," the long hours spent by his side with gorae womanly work in her fingers, were all gone. She was very kind and gentle still, and the'smile that always greewd him was very bright and sweet ; but oh ! that heavenly past was / gone forever ! Doctor De- laplaine, about as clear-sighted as his sex generally are, of course never guessed within a mile of the truth. " Wrr.u a fool I was !" he thought, bitterly, "P-ittenng myself w ith such insane dreams, because she was grateful to me for saving her sister's life, and pitied me when she thought I was at death's door. Why, she nursed every sick pauper in Saint Croix as tenderly as she did me. She was right to put me back in my place before I made an idiot of myself '" So the convalescent gentleman became moody and silent, and generally disagreeable ; and Grace was the only one who guessed at his feelings, and was borry for him. But ho grew well in spite of his bidden trouble, and began to think of what he was to do in the future. " I'll go back to Montreal next week, I think," he said to his sister ; " now that the fev9r has gone, it won't pay to stay here. If I don't get on in Montreal I'll try New York." Man proposes, etc. That evening's mail brought him a letter that materially altered all his plans. He sat so long silent and thoughtful after reading it that Grace looked at him in surprise. "You look as grave as an owl, Frank. From whom is your letter ?" Doctor Delaplaine started out of his reverie to find Kate's eyes fixed inquiringly upon him, too. " From Messrs. Grayson and Hambert, my uncle's solicitors. He is dead." Grace uttered a little cry. " Dead ! Oh, Frank ! and you aro his heir !" "Yes." " How much has he left ?" Mrs. Delaplaine asked, breathlessly. " Twenty thousand pounds." Grace clasped her hands. " Twenty thousand pounds ! Oh, Frank ! You have no need to go slaving at your profession now !" Her brother looked at her in quiet surprise. " I shall slave at my profession all the same. This windfall will, however, alter my plans a good deal. I must start for Montreal to-morrow morning. He rose and left the room. Grace turned to her step-daughter. " I am afraid you must think us heartless, Kate ; but we have known very little of this uncle, and that little was not favourable. He was a miser-a stern and hard man-living always alone, and had few friends. I am so thankful he left his money to Frank!" Doctor Delaplaine left St. Croix next morning for the city, and his absence made a strange blank in the family. The spring days wore on slowly. April was gone and it was May. Captain Delaplaine was abáent the best part of the day, superintending the erection of the new house, and the three women were left alone. Miss Delaplaine grew listless and languid. She spent her days in purposeless loitor ings in and out of the cottage, in long reveries and solitary walks. The middle of May carno without bringing the young doctor, or even a lettei from him. Tho family were seated one moonlight night in the large old- fashioned porch in front of the cottage, enjoy- ing the moonlight and the music of Evvy's guitar. Kate sat in a rustic armchair just outside, looking pensively up at the silvery crescent swimming through pearly clouds, and the flickering shadows of the climbing sweetbrier coming and going on her fair face. Captain Delaplaine smoked, and Grace talked to him ¡ and while she sat. Father Francis opened the garden gate and joined them. " Have you heard from your brother yet ?" he asked of Grace after a few moments' preliminary conversation. " No ; it is rather strange that he does not write." " Ho told me to make his apologies. I had a letter from him'to-day. He is very busy prep* to go away." " Go away ! Go where ?' " To Germany ; he leaves in a week. " And will he not come down to say good-1 inquired Grace, indignantly. i '* Oh, certainly. He will be here in a day or t " And how long is he going to stay abroad ?'j " That seems uncertain. A year or two, prob! at the very least." Grace stole a look at Kate, but Kate had d! back into the shadow of the porch, and her ( was not to be seen. Father Franeis lingerec half an hour, and then departed ; and as the was falling heavily the group in the porch aro go in. The young lady in the easy-chair i stirred. "Come in. Kate," her father said; "it i damp to stay there." " Yes, papa, presently." About a quarter of au hour later she entcrec parlor to say good-night, very pale, as they I noticed. i " I knew sitting in the night air was bad/^'her father said. " You are as white as a ghost." ' Miss Delaplaine was very grave and still for the next two days-a little sad, Grace thought. On the third day Dr. Delaplaine arrived. It was late in the afternoon, and he was to depart again early next morning. " What are you running away for now ?" asked his sister, with asperity. "What has put this German notion in your head ?" The young man smiled. "My dear Grace, don't wear that severe face. Why should I not go ? What is to detain me here ?" This was such an unanswerable question that Grace only turned away impatiently ; and Kate, who was in the room, fancing the brother and Bister might wish to be alone, arose and quitted the room." As the door closed after her, Captain Delaplaine's wife faced round and renewed the attack. " If you want to know what is to detain you here, I can tell you now. Stay at home and marry Kate Delaplaine." (To be continued.) 