A TIFF. It was their first serious one, for Mr, and Mrs. Dasson were a warmly attached couple, on whom two years of matrimony had not palled, nor had the effect of lessening their affection. Yet sweetest bells will jangle sometimesi and the chords of the human mind get out of tune. Mr.ry, the maid, began the mis chief. She could not be induced to love early rising, consequently the breakfast was late. Mr. Dasson, who had an engagement, chafed at losing a train, and Mrs, Dasson rebelled against the blame being laid on her. They parted in anger; hot words had been said, cruel reproaches uttered j the rolls and coffee left untouched ; Mr. Dasson stalking out of the house without his overcoat, and Mrs. Dasson flying upstairs to throw herself on her bed and cry stormily till her head ached and her eyes were swollen. "What a fright I look I" she exclaimed, when, an hour after, she rose and caught sight of her wan, tear-stained face in the glass. " My cousins talked of calling this morning, but not for worlds would I lot them see mo in this state. If I told Mary to say I am ill, they would insist on coming up stairs; and if they should suspect that Alfred and I have quarrelled, they would spread the news far and wide. What shall I do? I will go out," she finally determined. " A long walk will relievo my head, and I should feel, fit for nothing if I stayed at borne, I am miserable. How could Alfred be so unkind I" This ejaculation was followed by another burst of tears, but they flowed more quietly, and before they, were wiped away, Lela Dawson came to the conclusion that she had not been so freo from fault as she had declared herself. Who could be more kind in general, or more forbearing than Alfred 1 And if ho had spoken irritably she could not deny that her duty as a wife was sadly ignored when she retorted in the same strain. But ho had said—and then her bosom heaved angrily as sho repeated to herself his captious speeches. If she had erred, ho had been unjust; and as for Mary—. Never had thnt culprit seen her young mistress look so stern as when she came down stairs dressed for walking; never before had Mrs. Dasson so sharply lectured her 1 One phraso the lady murmured, in faltering accents, that filled Mary with remorse. " Your want of punctuality has caused mo great unhappincss." Her voice choked by a sob, Mrs. Dasson walked quickly away, leaving her hand maiden, to whom she was invariably kind and considerate, quite conscience stricken, The park to which Lela directed her steps was not an inviting promenade, for the gravel was sloppy with recent rain, and the shrubs half hidden by mist. However, sho persevered in pacing the most sheltered walks till good resolutions camo to her aid, and she could return home in a happier frame of mind, i Before doing bo, however, she went to a Bon Marche at no great distance. Sho had just remembered that Alfred was in want of a new pair of slippers. Sbe would buy him the prettiest pair she could procure, and this gift should bo her peace-offering when they met in the evening. A showily-dressed womau followed her into the department she visited, standing by her side while she made her selection, ana turning over the slippers as if -she were as sisting Mrs. Dasson in her choice ; but when tho shopman chanced to be off guard, the horrilied lady saw her appropriate a pair of tlio most expensivo ones. On seeing herself observed, she dropped her booty, and with a familiar nod walked away, saying,— \ "I'll wait for you outside." ,Bub ere she' reached tho door an assistant, who had wit nessed tho theft, sprung forward and detained her. After a struggle sh<?was brought bnck to tho countor where Mrs. Dasson, terrified and disgusted, was still standing, and to the horror and dismay of tho young wifo, she heard herself accused as a confederate. • Fortunately for-hor the proprietor o£ the emporium was quickly on tho spot, and by him she was recognised as a frequent cus tomer. Appeased by his apologies, sho would have paid for her purcliaso and departed, but when she put hor baud in her pocket her purse—Alfred's present on her birthday— was gone. , The police now'made ■ their appearance, tho thief was searched, and Mrs, Dasson's purse found upon her. ; Satisfied at having regained possession of it, sbe made another attempt to escape from a scene which sho rendered intolorably pain ful by the howls and protestations of tho prisoner,- But her ovldcnco was required; sho was the most important, witness in tho case, and in spito of her absolute refusal to, prosecute, and pxtromo re luctanco to take any part in tho affair, she was compelled to yiold to tho requirements of tho law, A cab was called, and much against her will, Mrs, Dasson was driven to tho nearest police-court. It was crowded on that day; somo local rejoicing had ended In a street row; and so many were tho rioters, bo con flicting tho testimony, that very faint and weary did the, unwilling witness' become ero the shoplifter was place in tho dock. 'The uainful ordeal of giving cvidenco against her was oyer at last, nnd Mrs. Dasson freo to dopart; but as, with tho aid of a policeman, sho was edging her way through the throng hanging about tho doors, a few words reached Uor that made hor heart stand still, "•The worst accident thoy'vo ever had on that line," one man was saying bo another. "You see it happened just as tho train was full of oity gents going up to their oillccs. I did hear that there was ton dead and no end of wounded." " Is it—-is it turb ?" gasped Mrs. Dasson to the policeman who was piloting her, "And whero did it happen?' " Well, yes, mum, I'm , afraid it's true enough 1 A collission, you know, some whores botween—"and ho nomed tho station from which her husband travelled—" and tho next. Happened about nine-twenty, I reckon,!' - , ,Oh I, agony, that it was to hear this I—to be forced to tell herself that if her husband had gone earlier, as ho intended, ho would have escaped. She looked so ill that tho policeman • civilly offered to procure a cab into which ho assisted her, asking whore ho should tell the cabman to drive. '•To the city," was tho roply. And, accordingly, thither sho was takon, trembling, weeping, praying; now yielding to despair, and feeling convinced that sho should find her husband at somo hospital frightfully maimed; now hoping ho had escaped..injury; but always haunted with a dread tlmt ho was amongst tho killed. Ami thoy had parted in angor I She should novor bo ablo to express her patience and ' receive his pardon. How should she onduro life it.ho was takon from her, or how forgiro horsolf if ho were among those who would linear out a miserable existence crushed, cripplcd? . But the cab wijs at tho door of tho oflieo. and a junior clerk, catching sight of a palo protty faeo at tho window of tho vohlcle, officiously rushed out to interview its owner. ^ Mr. Dasson ? He hadn't been at tho office n'i any* Belioved the governor had received a telegram— Lola foil back almost prostrated by this :confirmation of her'fears, Sho contrived to 8|ve the now compassionate clerk her address, and ho bade tho cabman take hor to her home as quickly as possil/le. The door flew open as she tottered towards it, and Marjr appeared, be apron at ber eyes. "Ob, ma'am, I'm so thankful you've comel" the girl sobbed. "My poor master I" She threw open the dining.room door, nnd there, li(s arms flung out on the table, his head resting on them, sat Alfred Dnsson, his hair dishevelled, his boots muddy, his clothcs drenched with the rain that for the last two or three hours had been falling steadily. The opening of the door aroused him j ho sprang up, beheld Lela, who flew towards him, and they were rapturously clasped in each other's arms, and Mary closed the door upon them. Then ho was safe—unhurt 1 Oh, Heaven be thanked I But where bad he been ? Look ing for her ? Why, what was she to under stand from that ? " When I left here," he explained, " the first thing I heard of was the accidcnt that bad happened to the train I missed, nnd someone told me that poor Tompkins—you have often heard me Bpcak of him—was one of the sufferers by it, 60 I helped to carry him to the nearest hospital, nnd then, hastened to his wife—sho was staying with friends at Richmond—broke the news ns well as I could, and took her to him. Whilo thus employed, it struck mo that my own wifo might hear an exaggerated account of the ndair ; so I wired to tho city, excusing myself there, nnd came home to find Mary in great distress. You bad gone out, sho said, looking like a ghost, and accusing her of having ruined your happiness, iTou had gono away ns if you never meant to return,. nnd I have been rushing from place to place ever since I heard this to find mv darling, nnd entreat her to return to me. J have but just come home, so worn out with fatiguo and misery that I could hold up no longer." Lela insisted on deferring her explanations till lie had changed the wet garments la which ho was shivering. Need we say that they were satisfactory, or that tho anxious hours spent by both ' husband and wife taught them that in wedded life eren " a tlS " should be care fully avoided I 