TIE STORYTELLER. Marooned. By W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of 'The Golden Hope,' 'The 'Wreck of the Grosvenor,' 'The Lady Maud,' 'A Sea Queen,' 'Jack's Courtship,' 'The Frozen Pirate,' &c.; Chapteb. VI.— A CIIAXN'EL INCIDENT. Had I embarked on this voyage despondently, 1 believe I j-hould have found a reason for the gloom on my mind in a very extraordinary incident that occurred on this the first iiitfht of our departure from England. Supper had been served at half-past 5. Broadwater thus spoke of this meal because it was, and it still is, one of the perversities of the forecastle parlance so to entitle the hookpot of tea, the pieces of ship's bread, and the re mains of the contents of the noontide kid of beef or pork, which form the last of the mariner's three repasts. I ha requested the captain to order one of my fowls to be kille and cooked as a provision against the oppressively sub f-tanlial fare of ihe cabin; and though to lie sure the bird ?.Mine to the table somewhat rough for the want of keeping1, and somewhat prickly with uuplucked quills, it at least pro vided us with a lighter entertainment than we should have found in the cold leg of pork, in the dish of fried slices of pudding, and in the liver and bacon' which the cabin-boy placed upon the table. A great teapot was put before Broadwater, who poured out cupfuls of a liquor black as ink; from the depths of which, on stirriwr it, there arose quite a little plantation of twigs and leaves. He told us that there was milk enough on board to last until to morrow, after which we must be satisfied to take our tea 'neat,' as he called it. .... ' Few vessels of the size of this brig carry cows, I sup pose?' said I. ' No,' he answered, 'nor goats neither. It's astonish ing that the art of feeding people on board ship should have rose to what it is, considering how few vittles there are which ain't of a perishable kind. They'll put up effigies to chaps who write books, to play- actors, to folks like politicians who get on for themselves and don't do nobody else tny good ; but if ever mortial man in this here bloomin world desarved a statue it was the fellow who first hit on the notion of steeping beef in brine to keep it fit and sweet tor sailor's use. Think of being able to get when afloat — mind ye. miss, 1 says afloat — such a. dinner as we've had to day ! The mere sight of such food at sea— not an ounce of salt in the whole biling neither— is enough to make a man think his eyes must have gone wrong ! ' and he lifted his hands and gazed upwards with the air of a person over whelmed with astonishment. At this early stage it was difficult to tell whether he desired us to accept him as a humorist. But it was not long before I discovered that he was neither a wit nor a wag, and that he was only comical when he had not the least inten tion of being so. Whilst we were at supper the mote came below and took his seat quietly, saluting Miss Grant and me with a bow. But for his hair I must certainly have thought him one or the handsomest men I had ever seen, now that I coulJ view him closely and observe the delicacy of his lineaments. His woolly crop was, however, fatal to him. It was a feature that neutralised all others, even when his head was covered; the effect of the exposure of the whole growth fell little short of a shock. I tried to engage him in conversa tion ; but he was very reserved, answering merely in mono syllables with a constant reference in his manner to old Broadwater, whose presence 1 supposed kept him quiet. Once or twice he glanced at Miss Grant, but so swiftly it was scarcely possible that he should be conscious he looked, at her. He despatched his meal quickly, rose, bowed to us again, and went to his berth in the forward part of the cabin. ?' Is your mate a smart sailor?'' I asked. ?'There never was a smarter,' answered Broadwater. 'See him aloft. He'll spring to the yardann from the slings, and '11 be jockeying of it when the liveliest of the hands isn't up with the futtock shrouds.' ' Have you known him long?' ' He was my mate last voyage,' he replied, lifting the lid of the locker next to him and pulling out a bottle of rum ; and then calling for water he mixed himself as stout a nor'-wester as ever sailor put to his lips, though he had already swallowed three large cups of tea. '' He has not the air of a seaman,' said Miss Grant. ' So little,' I exclaimed, ' that I am surprised, captain, to hear you speak of him as a taut hand.' 'Taut? well, that's perhaps the word, sir. I don't know that he's not almost ns taut as me, and in saying that I pay him as handsome a compliment as one man could give to another ; for let me tell you, Mr. Musgrave, that you might coast the whole of Great Britain and not meet with a shipmaster who could hold a candle to me in the art of managing sailors.' ' Glad to hear it,' said I, rising, not ?ery well pleased by the languishing glance he cast at the bottle, as though de bating whether to take another sup or return the liquor to the locker. The afternoon had been hot and blinding with sunshine. The evening that now stole down upon us from astern with a single jewel glittering upon its brow, albeit the western sky was still crimson, with lagoons of delicate green amid the amber and rose and scarlet of the light high clouds there, was delicious and tranquilising, lull of .duwy soft ness and the balm of the shadows which trail in the wake of a glaring day. The moon shone with the glory of the pre ceding night : ehe merged sea and sky into liquid gloom in the north and west, though as the horizon swept towards the effulgent path upon the water it ran with a clearer and yet clearer line to the silver there, till under the planet it bTung like the head of a long breaker arching into foam. Through the pale shadows of the night sailed the brig, lightly incline! by the wind. The radiance was 80 illusive that the sea looked to go bare to its confines, and the sense of solitude you got when yon gazed over the rail could not have been more complete had the Iron Crown been floating deep in the heart of the Pacific. Miss Grant and I paced the deck, greatly enjoying the coolness and repose of the night. ' Our talk was chiefly about her early life, her father and mother, Rio, Fraser, and the like. It seems that on her mother's side she came of a race of grandees, one of whom was an officer under Don Pedro de Yaldez when that admiral surrendered to Drake, and she said it was a tradition in the family that he was the onlv man aboard the Spaniard who exhibited any kind of reluctance to being made a prisoner by Sir Francip. Her mother took her to old Spain, as she called it, when she was a child, but thoueh she met several relatives she could recollect nothing of them beyond their haughty manners and grandiose airs. Indeed, 1 gathered that her mother's noble connections accepted her marriage as a blow to the family dignity- ' And yet, my father,' said Miss Grant, 'came of as good a 6tock as any in Scotland. Pray, what Spanish woman of title is too good for a Scotch gentleman of high descent ? 1 ought to love my mother's native country ; but she is poor and has sunk so low that until riie can take her old place in Europe again the pretensions of her ancient nobility must continue to be almost too ridiculous to laugh at.' Whilst we walked and charted the time insensibly slipped away. Once Broadwater rolled over to us puffing a pipe. He offered no apology to Miss 'Grant for smoking in her presence, though those were days when behaviour of this sort was considered a barbarous incivility to a lady. ' There is grog and biscuit to be 'had below,' he ex claimed, ' if you or the lady has a mind for a 6up before turning in.' ' Thank yoa, we require nothing more.' ' Tbe boy locks up at half-past 9,' said he, ' but the cabin light's left burning all night. There's never no need for groping aboard of me. 'What I says to my owner is treat your passengers well, and they'll stick to ye. I'm not a man to be scared by a ha'porth of ile. Tell 'ee, Mr. Mus grave, how to read a man's character : watch him carve, sir. There's some as '11 help ye as though when what they're a Earring out is gone there'll be nothing more lelt to eat on. this blooming airth. Others '11 act as though they understood you was a man. That's my kind. Aboard me everything's up to the knocker.' He uttered a loud unmeaning laugh that instantly flavoured the atmosphere with the ^dour of rum. ' We must consider ourselves very fortunate to fall into such good lmnds,' said I. 'A man of purple cheer, to use the language of the poet, is a person quite to inv liking.' His eyes wore so small that it was impossible to judge whether tlioy were unsteady or not. Ile seemed to look at me as if he suspected a sarcasm in my words, .and an objectionable meaning in my employment of the word ' purple ;' he then with a flourish of the stem of his pipe to his forehead walked over to I he binnacle, and after blowing some clouds of smoke with many a Ions look around and up at the canvas, knocked the ashes out of his bowl, pave some directions to the boatswain, who, acting as second mate, had charge of the deck, and went below. ' He thinks of nothing; but e-.itins,' said Miss Grant. ' I hope that may be all,' I answered ; then checking souie expression of dislike and mistrust I was about to utter, I changed the subject by calling her attpntion to the lovely effect of the moonlight upon the sails of the brig. By day light the vessel was the sheerest bit of commonplace: but now that the magic pencils of the moon were busy with her, every feature was chastened, the homeliest and coartest de tail softened by the rich clear glow into a fairy delicacy of airy outline and silvered substance She flouted clothed with beauty, and swain like a sweet imagination through the shining air. Her decks gleamed out with the white ness of the peeled almond ; the black line of every seam between every plank lay as sharp to tlie sight as the ebon shadows of the rigging sliding to and fro to the sleepy stir ring of tlie vessel ; there was weight enough in the draught of air to hold the canvas tremorless, and every hollow, filled with a white radiance that had something of a golden tincture in its gushing, too, was like the image of a sail carved in alabaster. The boatswain stumped tbe weather-deck, and his sliadcw at his feet was more keenly black there than his figure against the sky. The fellow a't the wheel stood stirless. but for an occasional movement of his arms, and you would have thought it was the stars that ran as they slipped up and and down past him, so imoer ceptible was the curtseying- of the brig. The dew along' the rail sparkled crisply, as though, since moonrise, some secret fingers had encrusted the line of bulwarks with gems. Forward all was still ; save under the yawn of the fore course I could distinguish the figure of the 1 ook-out man stepping athwart the forecastle, sometimes pausing to lean over the side to send his gaze into the pale distance ahead. There was no gleam of light along tho range of the star board seaboard where the coast was. 41 If this were to last,' exclahned Miss Grant, ' the vovage would be delightful in spite of the disagreeable obligation of having to take our meals with the captain.' 'Delightful, yes; but too long, I fear,' said I; 'we want wind, Miss Grant ; we need what the shipbrokers term despatch. This moonlight, this quiet sea, this gentle wind, the transformation of this old bucket into a fabric of nitirble and diamonds and pearl, are enchanting in deed, bat conditions fit only for pleasure- making. You are in a homy, and 1 shall not be reluctant to see Rio heave into view either. Give me. instead of the beauty of such a night as this, the thunder of half a gale of wind blowing over our quarter, a high green froth'ng sea chasing ing us, that same moon np yonder whisking like a silver round-shot from the edge of one dark cloud to another, and the brig with a reef in her foresail and the maintop gallant sail set over the double-reefed topsail hurling through an acre of foam of her own making, with the white seething and hissing smother boiling into her wake that stretches to the very line of the tumbling horizon !' ' An excellent description, Mr. Musgrave, and it is what we want as you say. i'ou have not forgotten your old calling. You talk easily enough of reefs and sails.' ' When,' said I, ' a man has dipped his hand into the tar-pot the stain of the stuff never quits him. Once a sailor, always a sailor.' At this moment five bells were struck by some one on the main -deck. ' 'What time is that ?' she inquired. ' Half-past 10,' I answered. ' So late !' she exclaimed, ' it is time to go (o bed. Good night, Mr. Musgrave.' ' Let nie see you to your cabin,' said I, and down we went. The lamp had been dimmed spite of the skipper's inditference to ha'porth? of oil, but there was light enough to see by. I was glad to find the little bracket lamp in our cabins alight. I suppose it was a part of the boy's duty to see to this, but there was really so little to expect in the way of attention in a craft of this kind that I was grateful for the most trifling illus tration of our being looked after. I stepped into my cabin for a cheroot, not choosing to turn my back on so fair a night yet a while. Slightly as the brig swayed, the bulk heads and strong' fastenings creaked as though a 6core of rats were worrying one another, and I guessed, unless I should turn in thoroughly sleepy, these bothersome noises promised to keep me awake all night. Cigar in mouth I walked the deck for some time, finding a constant pleasure in the moonlit scene, and greatly enjoying the delicious hush that rested upon tbe vessel and the ocan. After all, thought I, this is a voyage to do me a great deal of good. It is a complete change ; there is no cold weather to be dreaded, no Cape Horn, no Southern Ocean in June. There should be some fun to be got out of old Broadwater, though I do not like him. And then I fell to thinking of Miss Aurelia. There had been so much moonlight mixed up in our oceanic intercourse so far, that it seemed to me as if I should never be able to cast my eyes upon the planet without thinking of her. Well, no woman could desire a lovelier fancy and habit of association in a man's mind. My humour took a poetic turn ; Byron's line, ' She walks in beauty like the night,' came into my head : along with Shelley's fine thought, ' 'Moonlight and music and feeling are one.' Here is plenty of moonlight, thought I; but even if I should call Miss Aurelia the music, where is the feeling V But what wonderful eyes she has ! I mused ; what spirit, power, life, intelligence ! She talks very finely, too, by George ! Fraser is her dear boy, and deserves to be so, 1 don't doubt; but the shape of his head must have vastly changed since he was my shipmate at sea, if he is able to understand one half of the fancies v hich take her. Presently, feeling somewhat lonesome, I crossed the deck to where the boatswain was quietly pacing. ' A fine nifeht,' said I. ' It is, sir,— lovely, indeed,' he replied, coming to a stand and touching bis cap very civilly. ' You are the second mate, I believe ?' ' Second mate and bo'sun, sir.' ' Pray do not stand, I wiil walk with you.' We started to pace the length of the quarter-deck together. I particularly observed in him a very respectful quiet manner, the sort of sailor-like civility one* wanted to hear of in such a ship as the Iron Crown. The moonshine gashed so clearly that my companion's face could not have been more visible had I Viewed it by daylight. He was a hearty-looking man of about five-and-forty, clean shaven saving a streak of iron-gray whisker ; a real splicer in aspect down to such minuria.' as the hang of his arms and the curl of his fingers as he walked. ' Is this your first voyage with Captain Broadwater, Mr. ? *?' ' Gordon's my name, sir— Zana Gordon. Yes, this is my first voyage with Captain Broadwater.' ' I suppose he is reckoned a pretty smart seaman ?' ' I don't know., I'm sure, sir.' 'The crew at least strike me as a lively lot. They tvmble about very briskly, a good sign in men new If shipped. But of course most of them will run when the brig arrives at Rio. Jack has his peculiarities as have other folks.' ' He has a right to be peculiar, sir. His life's a good deal out of the common : little understood, too, save by them who have to eat and drink and jump alott with him. And it isn't enough that he's expected to work for 24 hours in the day, and that he's got to eat victuals which no man ashore who values his dog would give it, unless it went mad and had to be choked ; and that his labour's of a sort ne'er a landsman would undertake, no, not if instead of signing for £3 a month he agreed for a hundred. That isn't enough, I say. It's what lies behind, sometimes deep, and nearly always out of sight, that's the worst part of all that's bad in the seafaring calling.' '\ou mean bullying, brutal treatment, injurious lan guage?' He was silent. 'I should understand you,' said 1. ' In coming aboard this morning I found a bigger hint than would have sufficed me in the face's of the boat's crew. I was a sailor myself for three years, and one doesn't want to serve longer than that to make plain words of the looks of seamen.' He still held bin peace, but hs had said enough to let me know his silence was mere wariness. When we got on to other topics he was as talkative as 1 could desire. I found he had been able seaman aboard the Xndiainan 1 had first gone to sea in, though he had left her before I joined. She had been commanded in liis time by the same man who had her when I was a midshipman ; so hero was n topic that was enough to at once establish a sort of bond between us. Whilst we were pacing the deck the niau on tho look out forward hailed my companion— as he seemed to think. Neither of us caupht what he said, and Gordon halle'd back. The man sang out ajrain, but without making him self heard ; on which tho boatswain went forward to se I what was wanted. He left me standing near the wheel. There yet remained half of my cheroot to smoke out. Six bells— 11 o'clock— had been struck some ton minutes before, but the loveliness of the night still detained inn, and I was in no mood yet to exchange the warm sweetness of the ocean night breeze for the atmosphere of my cab:n. On a sudden the man who was steering started rapidly, let go the wheel, and ran to the vessel's side, where he* hung in a strained listening; posture, wirh one hand to his ear. I hastily crossed the deck, wondering what on earth he could have heard to cause him to start so wildly, and above all to desert his post at the helm as though he had gone out of his mind. The moonshine streamed full upon him, and the complexion of that light, combined with his extreme pallor, made the face he slowly turned upon me ghastlier than any dead man's for the Very life that worked with a sort of grin in it. ' Did you hear him ?' he inquired, in the low tremulous voice of a man newly recovered from a faint. ' Hear whom ? ' I answered, staring my hardest into the distance, misty with the radiance. 'Something away yonder called me!' said he, still speaking in the same voice, weak with terror and astonish ment. ' You !' I exclaimed ; 'called you! But there's no thing there, man — nothing in sight, anyway. What should there be then for a human voice to 6ound from ? ' ' Hark ! There again ! ' he cried, with another violent start as though he had been electrified. I had heard nothing. ' What is your name ? ' I asked. ' Jesse Cooper, sir,' he responded, trembling pitifully. I had begun to think that the fellow was ill, or that he had suddenly gone wrong in his head, when he lifted his hand as if to motion silence, and then I certainly did seem to hear a faint sound coming from God knows where, that might have passed for a feeble human cry, though it syllabled nothing that was intelligible to liiy ears. Ko doubt it was no more than the sheer imagination in me wrought on by some delicate murmur of wind aloft, or by the stir of one rope lying in the chafe of another, or by the jerk of a sheet to the gentle strain of the sail, or the creak of parrel or truss. But for the moment 1 was hardly less startled than the man himself. ' Very extraordinary !' I said. ' You heard it, sir ?' he cried, looking wildly at me. ' 1 certainly heard something confoundedly like a human voice hailing,' I answered, peering with all my eyes at the sea as though I must certainly see something there if I stared lon» enough. 'O my God ! O my God !' he groaned. 'You heard it too, sir! It's no fancy then. I'm called, and must go. It was father's voice. He was drowned at sea, and three years afterwards called my brother, who fell from aloft aud was killed the same night. And now he's called me.' I saw how it waR, and felt very sorry that I should have owned I heard the sound, for l' was now persuaded it was pure fancy on my part, that is to say pure fancy in taking the noise 1 had heard to be a human voice : though by my owning I had caught the note, be it what it would, I was like to drive the poor superstitious cieature clean out of his mind. ' The briir will be aback in another minute,' said I. ' Catch hold of the wheel, man. There's nothing in all this— nothing bat nerves. Dead men can't, call out— you ought to know that ! If they could there'd be nothing but voices hailing the world day and night.' He grasped the wheel without answering me, and brought the brig to her course. Just then the boatswain came aft. ' Nothing; wrong forward, I. hope? ' said I. ' No, sir^ The look-out called to a mate for a chew of tobacco, and thought, when I answered, that 1 was the man he had sung out to.' 'Glad it's no worse,' said I. 'We've had a bit of a scare aft here, — all happening in a minute— too odd of its kind to require improving by anything of the same sort forward,' and then I told him what had happened. 'We stood in the shadow cast by the main rigging as we conversed. He cast a glance in the direction of the wheel, and said, in a voice made up of pity and contempt : ' There's always sailors knocking about with notions of that kind. I've seen a man plump down upon his knees and pray in a loud voice all becaute he caught sight of a com preesnnt a burning at the yard-arm. That there Cooper struck me, on first setting eyes on him, as having a queerit-h look iu his face. If there was more learning in forecastles there'd be a deal less of these here fanciful gallivantins. Fancy a chap supposng that his father, who was drownded t'other side o' Cape Horn, believing he could hail him after all these years out o' the English Channel ! ' ' Yet wiser men than this same Cooper, Mr. Gordon, hold and stoutly cling to stranger beliefs than the midnight halloing of drowned men ! ' said I, hamrrering at a flint for a light for my fragment of cigar. .' If any mortal being has a right to believe in ghosts, it should be the sailor. Look aloft, Mr. Gordon ! '—he turned up hiB weather beaten face — 'mark how spectrally those sails show out to the moonlight. What, to a fanciful eye, should the flitting of the shadows up there to the swaying of the masts signify but the pinions of spirits hovering over those glimmering heights ? and what, to the imaginative ear, should the muttenngs of the breeze in the shrouds mean but the dark and secret whispered conversation of beings as little like you or me, Mr. Gordon, as the moon is like the sun? Again, look over the side— it is all wide, white silence— mere sea and moonshine to you and me, but to the lonely, distempered vision the fittest canvas the wide world over for the magic lantern of the mind to cast its imagina tions on.' He tilted the peak of his cap on to bis nose as he scratched the back of his head, and said : ' Well, if a man's weak enough to believe in ghosts I don't doubt he'd get more ideas about them out of such a night as this upon the ocean than maybe he'd collect out of the most crowded of graveyards ashore. But supposing such things as sperrits to be, who's going to make mo believe they fia'n't got too much sense to choose the sea to knock about in ? A spectre's right enough in an old country house and the likes of them planes ashore; for he's not* only got a roof over his head and a fire to warm himself at when the weather draws up cold, but the pick of the best room to lay in, and a larder to help himself from — if so be a sperrit ever gets hungry. But what does a ghost do at seal' If he's a land ghost he'll stop ashore; and is it imaginable, d'ye think, sir, that if he's the ghost of a sailor he'd return, without being forced, to the life he was bound to hate when he was flesh and blood, and keep company, of his own acc*rd, with such people ag skippers and mates, and endure again the cold and wet that 'ud eend him from the deck or from aloft streaming like a soaked rag to his thin blanket and leaking bunk r' IK ehook his head in a way that showed him fully convinced by his own reasoning. ' Isn't that a sail out yonder ?' I exclaimed, at that instant catching sight of some tiny object gleaming like a faint di6h of light on the 6ea-line. and doubting for a moment whether it was a star or a ship's canvas or the play of white water. He looked, and said, ' Yes, sir : a yacht, I allow, by the sheen ot her sails.' It was as though a paring of pearl reflected the moon light, so exceedingly dainty and delicate was the lustre of the fabric against the dark obscure of the hori/.ou. 1 noticed, however, whilst I kept my eye fasieued upon it, that it moved with a velocity quite meteoric in its way, ft-r when 1 had first descried it it showed out a baud's breadth forvard of the toremost main shro-.-d, whilst before I enuM have counted ten it had slided midway to the fore-rigging. I glanced aft. ' Why, Mr. Gordon,' 1 said, '' the wheel's deserted ; the brig's -;oming rouud.' Hcsprang to the helm, and ground at the spokes till tlxv tiller chains rattled again, meanwhile looking right and. left. ' Where's Cooper, sir ?' he cried ; '' he hasn't gone for ward. I'll swear he never passed us; he wouldn't ijuit thr helm unless he was mad !' There was a gratina: abaft the wheel ; I sprang on to if and strained my siarht at the wake astern. '1 he moon wi ^ westering and looking over our foretopsail yardann, and her light was very clear and broad. I could sec nothing. The wake went away slowly in small black holes and lit tic seething clouds, with here and there a faint Hash of -?!?«?]* light, as though a strange lish with a green oye floated n\y to the surface to take a view of us now and again. ' He is overboard — drownded hissclf!' cried the boat swain. 'Man overboard!' he roared. ''Lay alt tie w.iteh ! lively, or ye' 11 be too late !' and he fell to grinding at the wheel again to steady it. The bripr came round slowly. His cry was electrical in its effect. I had seen nothing- stirring save the man on tho look-out, and now in an instant the planks re- echoed tl c thumping and slapping of the booted or naked feet of lLo watch tumbling aft as if for their lives. They were busy with the boat, clearing away the falls and casting off the gripes, when up came old Broadwater. ' What's the matter? what's the matter':' he bawled. ' Man overboard, sir !' shouted the boatswain. 'Where is he? where is he? Anybody see him?' roared the skipper, springing with his oval shanks on to the grating alongside me. ' 1 have been looking, but can make out no signs of him,' I answered. ' How Ion? has he been overboard?' he shoutei. 'Three or four minutes, I expect,' answered the boa' swain. ' How did he git there ?' he bellowed ; ' was he knucked ovcrboard ?' ' Good God !' I cried, wild to think of the precious tin;e the old fool was losing by these questions, ' there's a man overboard, captain, and lie must drown if you don't iu srantly seek him, if indeed he's still ufloar.' ' ' Keep all fast with the boat!' he vociferated ; 'if he's only been overboard three or four minutes he ought to be visible if he's on the surface, and since he ain't it's a. proif he's under.' 'It's murder !' said an angry voics awmgst the nir-ii standing near the davits.' Just then the mate sprang through the companion. 'Who was it said it's inurdcrr1' shouteu Jiroaotwate'v half suffocated with passion. ' Mr. Bothwcll, liud out tl e man ! find out the man ! I must know who it is.' ' Captain Broadwater,' I exclaimed, ' the poor fellow has only been overboard a fnw minutes, and you really ? '' ' Mind your own blasted business, sir!' he shouted, iir such a raging way that I have no pen to pourtray it witr. ' Find me the man who said it's murder, Mr. iJolhwoll ! Find me that man, sir !' Disgusted by the old fellow's insolence and temper, and sickened by his indifference to human lifo, 1 walked a little way forward clear of the men, end- stood leaning aguiii-ts tbe rail with my arms folded, waiting for what was next ter happen. The mate thrust iu lithe as steal amongst the sailors, flashing his eyes first into one's, then into another's* face, whilst with shrill imperious tones which came bat it in echoes from the hollows of the canvas he demanded : n know who had spoken the words. Broadwater, dismounts jy from the grating, danced in a very delirium of wrath in and out among the seamen, looking for all the world in tl e transfiguring light of tlie moon like a gigantic cn.b masquerading in man's attire, whilst he whipped out at tl o. top of his pipes with all Forts of menaces, threatening 1 know not what unless the mnn who said it was murder wn« named or confessed himself. The excitement grew, t; e hubbub increased. Oaths were so plentiful 1 oould onJv earnestly hope that if Miss Grant were not asleep sho wr.'s out of hearing. 1 feared it would como to a li^ht, and expected every moment to witness the yloain of it knifo flourished in the air. The men, however, would not toll who it was that had spoken the words. Some blows we- o exchanged, and presently tho suilors fame staggering n.v way, driven and beaten along by Broadwater and his malr. 'Forward with ye! Forward with ye!' roared the o\l fellow, flourishing tiis arms like a windmill, whilst the un '« shoved and pushed as a drover would thrust a congregate » of irresolute or defiant calves. It would have struck a ilindf man as incredible that the men should have suffered then' - selves to be thus driven. They were six to two, yet they offered no resistance. But the' habit of discipline is strong; in the sailor, and the quar:er-deck is sacred ground. In ro man who has command of his fellow-beings is there vested such despotic powers as in the roaster of a ship. Tho Bp;' '- of mutiny will skulk long ere it daro show its faee» Vhei o is no doubt the men would have gone forvs-aru ouietlv enough; but Broadwater'a and his mate's Wood. w«s ur and the wild aud wretched business did toot end until tl -£ men had been driven forward of the mainmast. Blouirm, and gnspin?, though still flourishing his hands* Bxoadwat. % came to a 6tand, his face so crimsoned by his exertion.* that he looked like a mulatto in tha moonlight. ' Sow seo here,' he said, sputtering out tho words in wheezy accents, fox he was too exhausted to roar, ' ontil the name of the man who spoke them words is given to mo you're on bread and water.' Mind that! Oiieof you t was, and I must know who: and if bread and water don't sarve, I'll stop 'em both, I'll stop 'em both! Hunger '- I make a mad beast rational. So now vou know whut've'\o got to expect.' * J With this he walked aft, followed by the mate. Bv ths time 1 had had enough of the deck, and was sick, grieved and deeply worried too. Broad water's insulting expressiin stuck in my gorge, and I made up my mind to have a sho t conveisation with him next morning on the subject. It was depressing beyond words, too, to think that the unhappy man, who beyond question had dropped silently overboard whilst the boatswain and I conversed forwards may have perished for the want of a boat nimbly sent lo si- ek him. One of the crew had called it murder, and thnt would be the universal feeling of the forecastle I was sure BroaJwater was marching to and fro near the wheel, with a lurch in his gait that satisfied me he must have gone to , bed pretty well primed. He was talking vehemently to the ? boatswain, who still held the wheel. The mate overhung the rail, gazing astern. I went below unnoticed by their ' and had opened the door of my cabin whenl heard mv' nanie called. 1 turned andsaw Miss Grant standing in ha doorway robed in a pink dressing-gown. Her dark evesw flashed back the light of the lamp in my berth, and with, them and her pale face and coronal of fair hair and com manding posture she would, attired as she was, have noblir filled the canvas of a painter as the Muse of Tragedv 'What was the cause of that great commotion on deck: just nowf' she inquired, without the least exhibition off alarm or nervousness. ' I had hoped that you would have been peacefulfV sleeping, Miss Grant. A fellow who was at the wheel fell crazy, and quietly slipped himself overboard. He wa^ missed, and the alarm given. Hence the hurried rreaui overhead which disturbed vou,' ' Was he saved ?' 'No. Broadwatcr arrived r&ihex; *hc worse for Honor lost his temper, and prohibited Ihe men from lowering thf' boat. It is all very s?ads ^d I would rather it had happened on the last instead vf the tiret night of our voya-e. Jiut ] have told y?a the worst. And do you know,* Miss Grant t,ha.t it is past midnight ?' *' She saw that I d d not want to prolong my talk just thrr. Indeed I was secretly much excited, much perturbed. v*-x-a and pained, anl fear.ci t!::t my speech would let ray my anxiety and worry her. She listened a little, and ex claimed, ' Everything seems quiet now ; is it still a fine right?' ?* As lovely as when you left it,' I answered. She inclined her head and closed her door, and without further ado I tumbled into my bunk, though not to sleep for a long while. (To be continued.) 