DID BACON WRITE SHAKE SPEARE? A GREAT LITERARY HERESY. I from the. .Sc a/emtn of 7th April.) ' Did Hicmi wriio Shakespeare?' may seem ut first sight to he one of those para doxical questions that require no answer. Yet it is m question which has often beeu asked before by persons strong in the be lief thai the right answer is tbe affirma tive. Aud now (here is abiut to be pub lished on both sides of the Atlantic simul taneously a b.iok which is accordiug to Baconians, to set the matter at rest. Mr. Ignatius D inneHy istlie littestaad noisiest supporter of the Bicjulaii authorship of the Shakespeare plays. Forcnnsiderahly more than a twelvemoutb mysterious stories have been appearing iu American papers and elsewhere declaring that Mr. Dounelly was at work upon a ' crypto gram ' or hidden writing, tbe key to which he bad discovered, aud by which be bud beeu able to lay bare a consecutive narrative running through the first folio, and claiming, among other Interesting stuff, that Francis Bacon wro:e tbe Plays. Mr. Donnelly lias become notorious by anticipation A large number of traus atlautic, and even a few cisatlantic, en thusiasts have hailed ' the Sage of Nin inger — as tbey nave already dubbed him from his residence iu a farm house on the Missisippi, some twenty miles be low St. Paul's as tbe standard-bearer of a great literary revolt, of which the suc cess is already assured. Among Shakes pearian scholars at home the rumours of the cryptogram have been received with absolute indifference, or with tbe superior smile of incredulous sapience. Mr. Don nelly arrived last week in London, and Is now engaged correcting proofs. Tbe book, wiiicb will be entitled 'The Great Cryptogram: Francis Bacon's Cipher iu tbe So-caiIed|Sbakespeare Plays,' will be published about the 20th April. Ad vanced proofs of tbe work have come into our bands, from which we are enabled to give pur readers a preliminary sketch of what Mr. Donnelly's book contains— a sketch ouly, for a detailed criticism of Mr. Djnueily'e work would probably fill volumes, so exha ustive is his treatment of the disputed question. WHO IS MR. DONNELLY ? Mr. Ignatius Donelly is a well and honourably known citizen of tbe United States. ex-memberofConeress. ex- Senator of Minnesota, a journalist who has long beeu identified witb tbe cause of the people against corruption and monoply. He Ha uativeof Philadelphia, and is now 55 years of age. He is married, and has two grown-up sons and a married daughter. He has been a student of Shakespeare from bis youth upwards From the very firBt it appears, he was in clined to dispute the authorship of the plays, and attribute them to Bacon. The opinion grew witn years, until it oecame a fixed conviction. One day it occurred to hin that, as Bacon was fond of ciphers and bidden writings, he might, perhaps, have put something into tbe plays which he wrote uuder the nom ill ptu tie Shake speare. WHAT DONNELLY SEEKS TO PROVE. The aim of Mr. Donnelly is to prove (1) that Shakespeare, tbe man of Stratford, did uot write the plays ascribed to him ; (2) tbat Lord Bacon, Queen Elizabeth's famous Lord Keeper, was tbe secret writer of all the plays which have since passed under Shakespeare's name. To prove these two propositions he (a) brings under review 'all the known faots about Sbakspeare and Bacon, aB well as tbe evidence internal and external of the Plays themselves, arid of tbe Baconian writings ; (6) sets f--rtb what be claims as his special contribution tothe controversy, a cipher narrative, worked into the First Folio edition of Shakespeare by Bacon, in which tbe Lord Chancellor distinctly lays claim to the Plays as bis own work, be sides telling many curious stories about Skakespeure (tne player). Queen Eliza beth, aud oibers, stories whicb tbe written tradition of tbe age has not pre served for us. It is on the cipher that Mr. Donnelly lays the chief streBS. It is very elaborate, and it will probably take years, according to tbe discoverer, before it can be successfully applied to all tbe Plays. He says ' As to the actuality of the Cipher tbere can be but one con clusion. A long continuous narrative, running through many pages, detailing historical events iu a perfectly symme trical, rhetorical, grammatical manner, and ahv tys y owing out of the same numbers, employed in Ihe same way, and counting j rom the a xnie or si viilar starling points, cannot be otherwise, than a pre arranged arilk netical cipher ? Tbe key here turned, for tbe first time, in the secret wards of the Cipher will yet uulock a vast history nearly as great in bulk as tbe plays themselves, and tell a mighty story of one of the greatest aud most momentous eras of human history, illuminated by tbe moBt gifted human being tbat ever dwelt upon the earth.' WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE DID NOT WRITE T.lE PLAYS. Mr. Donnelly opens tbe battle in'vigor oub style. Every Shakespearean scholar is aware how little iB really known about the real character and life of William Shakespeare. His extraordinary know ledge of law, of ancient and modern his tory, of foreign languages, has alwayB been admittedly miraculous in one whose only education had been in tbe grammar school of Stratford-on-Avon. Mr. Don nelly has been at peculiar painB to take up every possible grain of fact or fancy wbich' tends to throw discredit on tbe reputed authorship of the Flays. He points out tbat before literary criticism had turned Its lamp upon the works of Shakespeare tbe writer was regarded as an untutored child of nature ; 'adrunken savage ' (Voltaire) : ' a man of no educa tion ' (Pope) ; tbat he ' Warbled bis native A'ood-Dotes wild' (Milton) : knew 'small Latin and less Greek ' (Jonson), and so on. ' But,' says Mr. Donnelly, ' in the last fifty years tbls'view is com pletely changed. Tbe critical world is now substantially agreed that the man who wrote tbe Plays was one of tbe most learned men of the world.' In spite of tbe dictum of Beu Jonson, all tbe com mentators now admit that be bad both Latin and Greek. Knight, speaking of the three Romin Plays, says tbey show ' a profound study of tbe whole range of Roman history, iucludiug tbe ulcer de tails of Roman manners ' wbicb in these days could begaiued ' by diligent reading alone.-' The same commentator finds evidence that Shakespeare bad Btudied Plato ; aud reliable Shakespearean scholars have expressed the belief that tbe writer had read (Sophocles, Euripides, Lucretius, Virgil, Horace, Statius, Catul lus, Ovid, and other less known olaasical authors. A curious and valuable contri bution to the discussion is tbe annotated edition of Bacon's Protnus (a sort of com monplace book), by Mrs. Pott, tbe Baconian. She shows that 3 very large number of tin; Ihotfgbta and' quotations jolted down here as memoranda reappear fn the plays, ofteu iri exactly tl*e sani^ lauguage, showing, Mr. Jt),onnelly tblnWs, ' tbat tbe writer of tbe plays must have read theautho're from whonqBaoon culled these sentences, or haye had access to, paeon's manuscript notes; or tha,t be Was Baoo'n himself.' Shakespeare's kuowlege of modern languages at^d literatures ia alBO proved by internal evidence to l^ave b$eu gpaoloqs and pii'nqte. Several of bla playq are based tipon Italian hooks, which' had not been translate^ iflto English at the time. writes correot French in many nf the plays, Tbere are also said to be evidences of an acquaintance with Spanish and Danish on tbe part of tbe writer. And so Mr. Donnelly ' piles up tbe apnny.' He proves, largely out of tbe mnutbs of Shakespearean scholars themselves, that the writer of llie Plays was a man of cyclopiedlc knowledge, and conoludes as follows 'Tbe author of tbe plays, whoever he may have been, was unquestionably a profound scholar, and a most laborious student. He bad read iu their own tongues all tbe ureut and some of tbe obscure writers of antiquity ; be was familiar with tbe languages of tbe princi pal nations in Europe ; biB mind had compassed all the learniog of his time, and of preceeding aires ; be had pnr?ri over the pages of French and Italian novelists; he had read the philosophical utterances of the great thinkers of Grei ch and Rome ; and he bad closely considered the narrations of the explorers who were just laying bare the sebrets of new Island* and continents. Ic had been justly s»irt that the plays could not have been written without a library, and cannot to day be studied without one. To their proper elucidation tbe learning of tbe whole world is necessary. Goethe says of the writer of the plays — ' He drew u sponge over tbe table of human know ledge.' ' Mr Donnelly then passes to tbe question : Did William Shakespeare i possess suoh a vast mass of information ? — could he have possessed It? THE ENVIRONMENT OF SIIAKSl'EARE'a 1UUIH. Tbere is a certain tone of personal animosity running through tbe chapters which deal with the early environment aud upbringing of William Shakspere, of Stratford, wbicb, to tbe raind of a fair reader, dullB the edge of much of the criticism. Mr. Donnelly writes as if he were speabing of a living enemy, and rakes up against William Shakspere everything tbat is discreditable in the eyes of modern moralists. He argues tbat the llveB of tbe common people of the time were 'coarse, barren, and un thrifty.' He shows tbat Sbakspere's whole family were illiterate. His father signed with a mark. Even bts daughter Judith was allowed to grow up to woman hood without being able to read or write. He quotes from a Shabspearean scholar (Hailiwell Phillips) the admission that - ' tbe dirty little hamlet of Stratford' was ' a bookless neighbourhood.' He points out that English was probably not taught in Stratford school at all in Sbakspere's time. Then he rabes up the stories of Shakspere's time. Then he rakes up the stories of Sbakspere's early apprentice ship to the trade of butcher, or of wool dealer ; his drinking bou's with the ' Bidford topers his forced marriage with a woman elghtyears bis senior, who was at the time pregnant by bim, biB venison and rabbit raids on Sir Tbomas Lucy's preserves ; and his final flight to London in 1586 or 1587. 'To London lied all the adventurers, vagabonds, and paupers of tbe realm. Tbey gathered around the playhouses. These were rude structures, open to the heavens — some- times tbe roofless yard of a tavern served as tbe theatre, and aroueh scaffold as tbe stage. Here the ruffians, the thieves, tbe vagabonds, tbe apprentices, tbe pimps, and tbe prostitutes assembled — a stormy, dirty, quarrelsome multitude. Here Wil liam 8 bakespeare came. He was, we will concede, bright, keen, and active, intent on getting ahead in tbe world, fond of money, but poor as poverty, and ignorant as barbarism. What could be do ?' He became favourite horse-holder then a call-boy in the theatre, and finally an actor of minor parte, such as the Ghost in ' Hamlet,' and old Adam io ' As You Like it.' There was little room here for studying deac and living languages, and poring into the antiquities of Greece and Rome. Yet six years after be fled from Stratford is published 'The Venus and Adonis,' a work above all finished aud classical iu its style; and Mr- Donnelly is of opinion that 'Hamlet' and other Shakespearian playe were on the stage before William Sbakespere bad ever seen London ! What then, our reader may ask , does Mr. Donnelly wish us to be lieve? How did Sbakespere, of Strat ford, make bis living and rise to such worldly prosperity as we know he finally attained? Mr. Donnelly makes the au dacious answer tbat SHAKESl'ERE WAS A USURElf In support of his contention, Mr. Donnelly quotes from a tract called 'Rateei's Ghost?' (1606?) a passage which Shakespeareans are generally agreed refers to Shakespeare, in which j the following advice is given to a player : — ' Thou sbalt learn ... to fe'.d upon all men to let none feed on tbee, to make thy hand a stranger to thy pocket , thy heart Blow to perform thy tongue's promise ; and when thou feelest thy purse well lined, buy thee some place of lord ship in the coun'ry, tbat growing weary of playing, thy money may then bring thee to dignity and reputation. Then thou need'et care for no one ; no, not for them that before made thee proud with speaking their words on the stage.' Tbe italics, of course, are Mr. Donnelly's, and the inferences are obvious. Otber crumbs of facts are these : That the only letter extant tbat is addressed to SbakBpere is ope begging a loan of £30 ; the only two letters extant which refer to Shakspere as a third person refer to bim as a money lender. In 1598 he lent Richard Quiney, of Stratford, £30 upon proper security. In 1600 he brought a successful action against a John Clayton in London for £7. He is also said to have sued a Stratford man for 2s. loaned. And in August 1608 he pro secuted John Addenbroke to recover a debt of £6, and thereafter sued his surety. These are some of the disagreeable facts which Mr. Donnelly cites in proof of his contention that Shakspere was a money lender. He likewise seeks to prove that tbe ' 8 win of Avon' did a little brewing in a quiet way when he retired to Strat ford. He further argues that Skakspere's attempt to procure a coat of arms for his family and to enter the ranks, of the gentry was backed up by 'wholesale lying.' Finally, he points to the last scene of all, the death of tbe man of Stratford, which according to tbe accepted tradition, occurred after a drunken bout wbicb brought on fever What evidence 1b there in such a life, asks Mr. Donnelly, of tbe sublime mind tbat conceived tbe Shakspearean plays ? THE I/OST LtBRABY AND MANUSCRIPTS. A chapter is devoted to consideration of the questions — What became of Shakes Eere's library (be must have bad some ooks), and where are bis manuscripts ? Did he write no letters in that age of letter-writing? Mr. Donnelly puts his case in bis usual 'plump and plain' fashion. On oae side we have the plays— vast, voluminous, immortal, coveringand ranging through every department of bnman thought. These are tbe works of 6haJcespeare On the other side the five signatures, three of them affixed to bis will, tbe others to legal documents— tbe total remains of the handwriting of &hah-; vere that bave come down to us. Mr. Donnelly, in his inoredulity, even bints in connection with the signatures tbat Shakspere could neither read nor write, hut simply traced a copy of the name that waa submitted to bim. Beyond these five scrawling clumsy signatures, not two of wbicb are spelled alike, there is absolutely no writing of Shakspere left, no letters, no commonplace book, not a fragment of tbe manuscripts of tbe plays, not even a copy of a hTOurito boo* ? IT-1- . with tlm owner's signature upon its By leaf. Yet if Sliakopere was Shakespeare, th« great writer of the plays, would not any relics of bim have bpen carefully preserved ? In the British Museum they bave tbe original m:»nUFCri|it copies of leligious plays written iu the age of Henry VI., 200 yearn before Ihe time of Shakepeare ; but th;it in irvellous cullec tion has not a line of auy of tbe plays written by the author of ' Lear' aud ' Hamlet.' An immense quantity of the manuscripts of Bacon are also preserved in the British Museum. How_ were Sbakspere's loot? MR. DONNELLY'S Ol'INLON Of THE FIRST FOLIO PREFACE. Mr. Donnelly's treatment of the first folio is important in so far as il forms tbe bridge, as it were, from which he seeks to lead us from the orthodox belief in the authorship of the plays to the hew creed that Bacon was the writer. Everything goes to show that Shakespeare was a 'smart' busiuess man, and knew the v.tlue of money. In his will, however, he makes absolutely no mention of pro perty in plays, poems, or any literary luaLter, although he is very precise iu bequeathing his ' second-best bed,'- &c; All commentators have held this to be a curious thing, aud many, iu their zJal to explain it, have attributed it to modesty, or to equally inadequate causes. The only plausible explanation yet advanced is tbat Shakspere had already sold tbe plays or poems to others. This view Mr. Donnelly, holding that Shakspere had no claim in the authorship of tbe plays nt all, setB himself to controvert. It is quite possible, he says, that Shakspere (assum ing bim to be the author) had sold bie plays tbat bad beeu priuted before his death in 1616. But io tbe great First Folio edition, put forth by Hemiuge and Condell in 1623. seven years after Sbaks pere's death, there were seventeen plays that had not previously seen the light. How did those plays come into their hands? BskB Mr. Douuelly. Were they □ot valuable property, and did Shakspere not know their value? Further, the editors of tbe first folio Bpeak io tbeir preface of all previous quarto editions of the playa as 'stolen and surreptitious copies, maimed and deformed by tbe frauds aud stealth of in jurious impostors that exposed them, and claim to present them for the first time 'cured aud perfect of tbeir limbs, and all the rest, absolute iu their numbers as be couceived them,' Therefore, says Mr. Donnelly, they bad the manuscripts; which, indeed, they themselves assert, saying, ' We have scarce received a blot in his pages.' Compare Ben Johnson's J'He never blotted a line;' and then look at the signatures of Shakspere, the only sample of his handwriting pre served ! Nor i9 this all. Mr. Donnelly reverts to tbe phrase ' gtand possessors ' in the preface to Troilus and Cressi-ia (Quarto, 1600), aud points out that who ever 'grand possessors' may bave been, tbey bad, accordiug to the unmistakeable sense of the preface, tbe power to prevent the publication of tbe fourteen Plavs ap pearing in Bbakspeare's lifetime. ICaigbt thinks the 'grand possessors'' must have been the actors. Donuelly maintains tbat tbe presumption is rather for some more distinguished clique of patrons of the drama— Bacon among them. At auy rate, be maintaius that the whole matter is very mysterious. According to his view, we are forced to conclude that Shakspere did not own the Plays and never bad owned them, aud that tbey were in tbe band of some grand person or persons, From this he proceeds to assert tbat tbe whole publication of tbe Folio of 1623 was based upon a fraudulent statement. The title bears the inscrip tion, 'Mr. William Shakespeare's Come dies, Histories, and Tragedies. Published according to the true original copies .' The italicised statement, be maintains, is demonstrably false. For some of tbe finest passages iu the plays, admittedly Shakspearean, occur in me Quarto Edi tious, but are omitted in the First VY.lio. It follows that the ' stolen aud surrepti tious' copies were in some particulars more correct tban those from ' the first origiual.' Further, the story about Sbakspere never blottiug a Hue ia con tradicted by JJen Jonson himselt, who talks of Shakespeare (not Sbakspere) 'sweating' over bis ' true-filed lines.' In liue, Mr. Donuelly concludes that absolutely no reliauce can be placed on the preface of Heminge aud Coudell, and tbat it has obviously been dictated by a concealed baud. Au interestingexample of how Mr. Djnnelly can torture plain statements may be quoted here. He asks us to read carefully the lines which Ben Jonsou wrote uuder the portrait of SbakB pere iu the First Folio edition, and Bee if we cannot find that the compliments contained in them are ironical ! O, could he (tljc artist) but have drawn Ul« (Sliakspcure'R) wit As well hi brtisx as be lia.ll) bit His lace, tbe prim would tben surpass All tbat was ever writ - inbrmsf ' That is to Bay,' remarks Mr. Donnelly, 'bis wit drawn in brass would surpass, in brass, all that was ever written. Is thiB not another way of intimating that only a brazen-faced man, like Shakspere, would bave bad tbe impudence to claim tbe authorship of plays which were not written by him?' There is, we hasten to Bay, no distinct trace anywhere dis coverable tbat Mr. Donuelly iB a humouriBt. BEN JONSON 'S TESTIMONY, Of all tbe written evidenoe in favour of Sbakspere being the true author of the plays, the well-known passages, iu prose and veree, of Jonson have always been regarded as tbe most valuable, and will alwayB offer considerable difficulty, even to the ingenious literary iconoclasts who are crying aloud for tbe 'dethroning' of SbakBpere. But Mr. Donnelly, having proved (to bis own satisfaction at least) that Sbakspere was a rogue, a liar, a usurer, a fornicator, and much else tbat ia equally direputable, has little hesi tation in attacking tbe moral character of ' Rare Ben' in the same irreverent style. His argument simply amounts to this Ben Jonaon is known to have been employed by Bacon to translate into Latin his philosophical works. He was presumably in tbe secret or the Shake speare Plays, and knew that 'Shake- speare' was simply a no m de plume of Bacon, and could therefore be easily iu duced to write the ironical? praises iu tbe introduction to tbe 1623 Folio edition. Mr. Donnelly makes much of the curious fact that Jonson uses tbe phrase ' inso lent Greece or haughty Rome' on two distinct occasions— (1) in the verses on ' Shakespeare' in the First Folio ; and (2) in bis memoranda (pub. 1640), wheu he speaks of Sir Francis Bacou as ' be tbat bath performed in our tongue what may be compared or preferred either to insolent Greece or haughty Rome.' Strange (Mr. Donnelly thinks) that Jon son should use exactly the same phrase when speaking of different men. Rather let us believe that in the supposed coinci dence lies another indication of the real authorship of tbe plays— that Bacon aud Sbakspeare are one ! THE WRITER OF THE l'LAYS A LAWYER. Tbe next link in Mr. Donnelly's olafbi is constituted by tbe chapter on tbe law of the plays. It baB always beeu one of tbe many ' marvels' in connection with Sbakspere's learning tbat be knew tbe law of tbe country very imtlmately— so intimately, indeed, tbat be never makes a mistake. Yet he ia constantly using law phrases, law metaphors, and wbole scenes of his plays turn upon legal pointa Mr, Donnelly's chapter under this bead 1s most exhaustive and interesting, and seem* to prove must conclusively that the writer of the Plays was a learned lawyer, Lord Chief Justice Cumphell puts tbf matter in a nutshell in his book on 'Shakespeare's LegHl Acquirements,' when be says: — ' While novelists aud dramatists are constantly makiug mis takes as to the law of marriage, of wills, and of iuheritauce, to Shukespere's law, lavishly as be propounds it, tbere can be no demurrer, uo t.i'.l of exception, no writ of error.' It has of course been urged by mauy Shakespereans that Sbakespere was for some time an attorney's clerk ; but the evidence in this directiou is anything but conclusive, and many good Shakespereans nave them selves abandoned the position as unten able. Mr. Donnelly aptly quotes Gerald Massey 'Tbe worst of it lor the theory of bis having beeu an attorney's clerk is tbat it will not accouut for his insight into the law. His knowledge isnot-iflice sweepings, but npe fruils, mature, as though he had spent hiH life iu their growth. Mr. Donnelly sums up in a syllogism : — 1. The man who wrote the Flays was a lawyer. 2 Willliam Sbake spere was uot a lawyer. 3. Therefore, William Sbakspere did uot write the plays. Bacon, ou the other band, waB a lawyer, and a most practised and learned lawyer. DETHRONING SHAKSl'EBK. Such iB a brief sketch of the first part of Book I., in which Mr. Douuelly seeks to prove that William Phakapere, of Strat ford-nu- v vou, did uot write the plays. It will already be evident from the fore goiu£ that Mr. Donnelly's case Is essenti ally bes^i upou cumulative arguments, wbicb, although individually possessing little weigLt, assume wben taken all to gether somewhat aUrming proportions. One thing is certain. Mr. Douuelly has made out a case which muet be met and argued by the upholders of tbe old faitb. His statement is certainly onesided from beginning to end ; but it pretends to be nothing else ; and eveu though this most receut and most elaborate defeuce of tbe Baconian authorship be broken down and utterly destroyed, it will at least have served tbe purpose of inspiring a more thorough examination of what we really know about Sbakespere. Altogether apart from the cryptogram— the full ex planation of which is reserved until the book is actually published. Mr. Donnelly bas done tbe work of a com piler excellently well. For it must not be forgotten that bis work Ib largely a collection aud rearrangement of what has been previously written in defeuce of tbe Baconian authorship of tbe plays. The theory is by no means new. As early as 1852, Mr. Spedediug, tbe learned Bacon editor, claimed that tbere were two hands iu Henry VIII. Soon after, iu an artlde in Chambers's Journal, entitled ' Who wrote Sbakespere ?' the write' arrived at the couclusiou that Sbakespere 'kept a poet.' Iu 1856. Miss Delia Bacon, by claiming tbe plays for her namesake, drew down upou her head a shower of vituperation that is said to bave broken ber heart. Io the same year, and independently, Mr. W. H. Smith, an Englishman, propounded tbe same theory. Aud since theu, J udge Holmes (1862), Dr. Thompson, of Mel bourne (!880), Mr. Appleton Morgan (1881). and. auite recently. Mrs. Pctt, the editor of Bacon's Promus, bave contri buted to the Baconian side of tbe discus sion. So tbat Mr. Donnelly's general proposition is by no means new; al though bis book, apart altogether from the cryptogram, is the most complete and plausible statement of the caae against Sbakspere that huB yet been penned. FRANCIS BACON WROTE THE PLAYS. Having (to his own satisfaction) de posed Shakspere from tbe tbrone of British poesy which he has bo long uuiirped, Mr. Donnelly calls for tbe coro nation of the rightful king, Francis B:icon, of St. Albans. He argues that Bicon was essentially of u poetic tem perament ; tbat bis pr oae is full of beauti ful Images and metaphors, many of them identical with those used in tbe Plays; tbat be had a flue ear for music of ryth mic language ; tbat tbe poems to which be attached bis name coutaiu nothing that is inconsistent with his having also written the Plays, Mr. Donnelly in this chapter arrives at tbe couclusiou tbat Bacon 'possessed everything needed for tbe preparation of tbe Sbakespere Plays.' Interesting chapters succeed on tbe philosophy of the Plays, in which a similarity to the Baconian philosophy is traced ; the geography of tbe play iu wbicb it ie pointed out tbat while Stratford SbaK spere's home, is never once mentioned in tbe Plays, St. Albans, Bacou's home, is spokeu of very frequently, aud three sceucs are actually laid tbere ; tbe politics and religion of tbe Plays. All these chapters are ably reasoned contributions to the discussion of Sbakespere's works, and have in themselves a permanent interest apart altogether from their con troversial purpose. It may suffice for our present sketch to state tbe CATALOGUE OF RESEMBLANCES. wbicb Mr. Donnelly traces between Bacou, as known by bis acknowledged writings, and the writer of tbe Plays. He finds that hath were aristocrats, both despised the mob, both contemned trades men, both loved liberty, both loved feudalism, both pitied the miseries of tbe people, both deBired the welfare of the people, both foresaw and dreaded the up rising of tbe lower clashes, both belonged to the military party, both bated Lord Cobbam, both were adherents of E9sex, both were friends of Southampton, both hated Coke, both, although Protestant, bad some strong antipathy against Queen Elizabeth, both refused to eulogiBe her character after death, both, thougn aris tocratic were out of power, ana bitter against those in authority, both bated Robert Cecil. As to religion, the plays were written by a man of Protestant training, wbo be lieved in tbe political changes brought about by Crammer and tbe Reformation ; tbey were written by one wbo was opposed to tbe temporal power of tbe Pope in England ; tbey were written by one wbo, while a Protestant iu politics, felt no bitterness towards tbe Catholics, and bad no desire to persecute them. Such a man was Bacon. ' Surely, surely,' says Mr. Donnelly, ' we are getting tbe two beads under tbe oue bat, and that tbe hat of the great philosopher of Verulam.' WHY THE AUTHORSHIP WAS CONCEALED. But, Mr. Donnelly bears his readers asking— Ail this is very fine and per suasive in its way, but why, if Bacon was such a great poet, did be wish to conceal bis merits from the world ? Why did be not Bland forward as the true author of tbe dramatic masterpieces wbicb were passing under another author's name? Mr. Donnelly tries to an Bjver this pertinent question witbaobapter on ' The reasons of concealment.' The first reason, he says, was Bacon's social position. Ranon was anxious to rise in the State, and, being an ariBtocrat of the aristocrats, be wasjUBtilied in bis expec tations of preferment. The profession of plBy-wrf ter was not exactly an honorable one, and, although needy lawyers turned to this means of earning money in thoae days, just as briefless barristers take to journalism to-day, it was not the least likely that Queen Elisabeth would con sider ability in play-writing as an attri bute of a good lawyer or statesman. Moreover, Bacon had a pious mother, -whom he respected much, and 'who ?would have been deeply grieved to know tbat ber son did ' mum aud mask, aud 1 -infilly revel.' In one place Bacoi says, ' I pr'-li'ssn't to lie a poet and in 1 an ither, ill h letter to Sir John Davies. ha speaks -»f hiii)s'if »s ' a concealed pjet.' Bacon was poor, aud there would De a strong temptalimi to employ such talents as he bad iu a field where .'iiccecs meant money. There is wouie evidence to show that he had a secret source of income. It is a curious fact, aud one not easily explained away, th«t all the plays were produced during the struggling period of Bicon's life up to the age .if 40. But as hodu as he entered upon tbe duties of high office the .plays cease to appear. On the other side we are asked to believe tbat Hliakspere, wheu he retired iu the prime of life to Stratford, abandoned play-writing altogether, and for the then ten years preceding his death never felt any desire to add to ihe dramatic triumphs of his earlier days. Other singular facts are collected and uoted tiy Mr. Donnelly. Many of the mysterious sonnets, if read in the light of the Biconian authorship, acquire (he maintains) an intelligible meaning they had not before. I'ARALLKLISr.MS. Fully 200 pages of Mr. Douuelly V f- -i t Ii cominu' hook are devoted to the setting I forth nf parallelisms between the writings of Bacon aud the |il. iys, with a view to. showing that both eiuauated from Ihe same mind. These parallelismsare tabled under uiue heads as follows :— (1) Identi cal expressions, (2) identical uii-taphois, (3) identical opinions, (4) identical (junc tions, (5) ideulical studies, (6) identical errors, (7) ideutical use of unusual words, (8) identities of character, (9) identities of style. This part of t.he work shows an immense amount of labnur ou the part of tbe author. Probubly the value of such evidence is over-estirualed. Mauy of the parallel passages cited might bedisiuissed as worthless. Mauy agaiu are singularly striking. But oue feels that an indefati gable commentator might be able iu tbe Same way to adduce considerabieevidenue that Shakespeare wrote the English translation of the Bible. Nevertheless these chapters are full of iuteresiing aud valuable matter. MR, DONNELLY'* OPPORTUNITY. Mr. Donnelly is not without the belief tbat be bas a distinct mission in counec tiou Willi tbe rewlalion of the true authorship of the Shakespeare Plays. Speaking of Bacon's reasons for conceal ment, be says And wliv should he acknowledge them? He Iei'„ hi.-, fame and good name Io his ' owu countrymen after some time be past;' he believed the cipher, which be had so laboriously in serted iu the Plays, would be found out. He would obtain all the glory for his uame in tbat distaut ruture when he wouid not bear the reproaches of caste ; wheu, as pure spirit, he might look down' from space and see the winged-goodness which be bad created, passing, on pinions of persistent purpose, through all the world from generation to generation. In that age, wheu bia body was dust ; when cousins aud kin were ashes ; when Sbak spere had mouldered iuto nothingness beneath the protection of his own bar barous curse ; when jota trace could he found of the bouea of tflizibeth or James, or even of tbe stones of the Curtain or the Blackfriarn ; theu in a new world, a brighter world, a greater world, a better world — to which bis owu age would be but as a faint aud perturbed remem brance— be would be married anew to bis immortal works. He would live again, triumphant over Burleigh aud Cecil, over Coke and Buckingham, over parasites and courtiers, over tricksters and panderers— the magnificent victory of genius over power ; of mind over time. And so living, he would live for ever.' 