THE OUTLAWS OF TUN STALL FOREST: * A romance uF I’HE OLD WORLD Br ROBERT LOUIS 8IEVENSON, ALlh I ’ • —l.l.ml," £10. BOOK L THE I'wTTLaDS. OHAPTBK VII. TBB HUODKD FAOK. They awoi,,. in toe grey ol the morning ; the biro- »«re not jt-l in fall long, bat twittend lu-i' itnd there imioug the woods ; the euu m « nut >ei ai>, but th« eastern ek> was h»- i«-i wrh solemn colours. U»|f starved hoiI "verweary fti they were, they lay without .i.i.vm-, Mink in it delightful latti lode. An i »-• they >ha« lily, the clang of b bell f-i> eo ■ e>.)> mum thetr tutrs. 4 A belt !‘ s.»ia Uick, r.ttinc up* 4 Can we be, tben, m> ne-r to Hoiywood } A In le oiler, iiie Dell claitgid ugaiu, but thia trine s tneeimi ureter lioud ; and from that tin: t-rii , uno still drawing nearer and nearer. r ounniied to sound brokenly abroad in the alienee of the morning. ‘Nay, wh.t ehnold ihia betokenf taid Dick, an- wan imw broad awake. 4 It in a me one walking,4 returned Matcham, 4 ami the bill tolleth ever oa hr 41 *ee that »ed,’ void Dick. 4 Bnt where* fore ! What •naaeih be in Tansiall Woods ! Jack,4 he *ddi d, ' laugh at me an ye will, but Hike not the h lh-w round of it.4 •Nay,' -anl W ich.ui, with a shiver, ‘it batb a tloi-lul no a. An the day were not But jua' it en i he bell, quickening ite pace, began to ring thick and hurried, and then it gave a am.ie tuunmeiiug jangle, and was (ilent tor a rpace 4 Itia as iiiiiu.li the hearer bad ran for a pater-himtei while, and then leaped tbe rivet,’ Do k obaetvrd. * And miai brginnetb be again to pace eoberly forward,’ added Matcham, ‘Nay,’ returie! Dick—4 nay, not eo eoberly. .1 ck Tie a man that walketh you right eperdiiy ' l‘ia a man in tome fear of hie life, or»bout some t anted business. See ye not bow awtft the belling drawetb near !' 4 It ie uow close oy,4 taid Matcbam. They sere now on the edge of tbe pit; and at tbe pit itarlf »« on a certain eminence, they commanded a view over the greater proportion .f i he clearing, np to the thick woods that closed it in. The daylight, which we* very clear and grey, showed them • riband of while foot path Wandering among the gone. It petted eome haiidi-d yatd« from tbe pit, and ran •he who e length of the clearing, eaet and wait. By th * ln.e of itaootute, Dick judged It ahould lead more or leet directly to tbe Moat Hones Upon thia oath, stepping forth from tbe margin of tbe wood, a white figure now appeared I panned a little, end teemed to look ab ut; aud then, at a alow pace, and bent aliunat double, it began to draw near acro-i the bemtb. At every etep the bell clanked Pace, it had none; a white ooud, not even pierced with ayr-boles, ve.icd tbe bead; aqd at tbe creators moved, it teemed to feel ite way frith tbe tapping of a stick. Fear fell upon •he lade, as cold as death. ‘Aleper !' eaid D ck, hoarsely. ' Hie touch ts denb,' ttid Matcham. 4 Let ‘Noiao,’ returned Dick. ‘Seeyenot ?— bale stone blind. He guideth him with a •baff. Li m lie still ; the wind blowetb towards n e path, aud be will go by and bnrt at not. Alas, poor toul; and we abould aather pity him 4 41 wnl pity him when be ie by,4 replied Matcham. Tbe blind leper was now abont half-way toward! hem and jolt tbee the tun tote and shone lull on bie veiled face. He bad been a tall man before he waf bowed by hie disgusting sickness, and even now be walked with a vigorous step Tbe dittnt! beating of hit bell, the pattering of the stick tbe eyeless screen before bie countenance, and tbe knowledge that be was not only doomed to death and coffering, bat shut out lor ever from the touch of hie fellow meo, Ailed the lade’ boeomi with diemay; and at every etep that brought him bearer, •heir courage aud strength seemed to deeert Aa be came about level with the pit; be Cosed, and turned his face full upon tbe II ' Mary be my shield! He eeee ni l4 taid Match am. faintly. * Hu-b '■ wmepered Dick. 4 He doth but hearkeu. He ie blind, fool.' The leper looked or liitened, whichever he was really doing, for tome seconds. Then be began to move on again, but presently pasted once more, and again tamed, and eaaaued to ga» upon tbs lads Even l>ick became dead white and closed hit eyes, as if by tbe mete tight be might become infected. Sat toon the bell sounded, and tbit time. Without any turber hesitation, the leper erotsed the lemsinoer of the little heath and disappeared into tbe oovert ot the weods. * He saw ns,4 said Matcham. 41 coaid * Tat I' returned Dick, recovering eome ^tarka of courage. 4 He bat beard us. He was in fear, poor ooal An ye were blind and walked in a perpetual ni ght, ye would Start yourself, it ever a twig rustled or a bird aried 44 Prep.” ‘Dick,good Dick, he caw ni,' repeated Mttcham 4 Wnen a man hstkeneth, be doth not as 'bit man; he doth other mioe. Dick. This was teeing; it was not bearing. He meant foully. Hark eloo, if hia bell be not stopped T Sucb wee tbe caee. The bell rang ne * Ky,4 eaid Dick. 41 like not that. Nay,' ha cried again. 41 like that little. Wbat nay thia betoken t Lot ni go. by tbe mass 1‘ ' 4 He hath gone seat,4 added Mateham. Good Dick, let ne go westward straight. I bill not breathe tiU 1 have my back turned epoa that leper.' 4 Jack, y‘ are too oowardly,4 replied Dick. ‘We auaff go fair for Holy wood, or aa fair, at least, at I can guide yon, and Miat will be due north.4 They were afoot at onee, paaeed tbe Mteam upon eome stepping-a tonet, and faegsa to mount on the other tida, which wae Steeper, towards the margin of tbe wood The ground became very uneven, fall of knolls sad holiowe; and tree* grew scat tered or in clumps ; it become difficult to choose a path, aud tbe led* somewhat wan* dated. They were weary, betide*. with yesterday's exertions end the lack of food, end toey moved bat heavily and dragged their feet among tbe sand. Presently, coming to tbe top of a knoll, they wait assart of the leper, eome hundred feet in front of thMt. crossing tbe line of tbeir msreb by a bollow. Hie bell wat aUent, bie staff oo longer tapped the ground, and he went before him wttb the awitl and assured footsteps of a man who sees. Naxt moment be had disappeared into a little thicket. Tbe luds, at the first glimpse, had crouched bafaind a tnft of gores ; there they lay, horror attack. 4 Certain, he pnreaelh ns,4 said Dick— ' certain 1 He held tbe clapper of hie be'l in ooe bend, saw ye, tbet it ahould not eoand. Now mty tbe taints aid and guide 08, for I have no ettoogtb to combat petu lance 1' 4 Wust msketh be V cried Matcham, ' Wbat doth he want ? Who ever beard tbe Dke, that a leper, out of mere malice, should panne anfortanetee ! Hath be no Me bell to tbet very end, that people may avoid him? Dick, theta it below tbit acme thing deeper.1 ' Nay, 1 cart not,’ moaned Dick ; 4 the ■tnagth i« gone out of me; my lege are like voter. The eointe be mine assistance l4 ■ Would ye lie there idle I4 cried Matcham. •fatal b>ek into the open. We have tbe better chance; ha cannot ateal upon aa • Not I,4 eaid Dick. ' My time U come, and perod venture be mar pass ne by.’ 4 Bend m* then tout bow !' cried theother. 'What! Will ye be a man T Dies crossed himself. 4 Would ye beve me shoot nponalepar?' he cried. ‘The band would fail me. Nay, now.’ he added—‘ n*y, now, let be 1 With sound ■ten I ssill fight, but not with ghosts and lepare. Which this it, I wot not. One or other. Hesveu be onr protection !* ’ Now,4 eaid Matobam, 4 if thii be man's tonrsge. what a poor thing is man 1 Bat ■ith ye e>ill da nought, let aa lie doee.4 Then came a single, broken jangle on tbe bell. 'He hath tnitasd his hold upon the elapp::. .:L.::"iic*i Matcham, 4 Saints, bow Bear he is l4 Bat Dick enawered •ever a word ; hia teetb were near chattering. There is no man breve ell round; end the horror of thii pannit by a hooded leper had found the weak place in yoang Shelton's ermonr. Soon i hey eaw e pieee of tbe white robe between eome hashes, then tbe leper's heed was tbraat forth from behind e trank, and 'Published by apeelal orraage "J , w * >0 -O’" '>■» ti«igtibnnr htKKi before he once again withdrew. To their stretched hmi, the whole both appeared Wilt. mtllBg* And '■tit OTr*ik of IW1KH. uii'1 thej h-ard the beating 0f each other's IS'iii- <o,lr, with a cry, tho leper Biir-ni; tne openclose by, tod ran untight noon the ltis. 1 bey shrieking aloud, vepara ed, ami b«K»u to ran diff-reut way*. hut theii hornhie enemy fattened upon M .tcham. r„r turn swiftly down, and had him almost miiam y » prtaoner. The lart g.v., one eoreutn that echoed high tin • fur over t he tore-p ; iie had one eptsm of snuggling, and then Mil hit htnbs telexed. sml ne tell limp imo ft*e cHptor’fl firms. Dick iiward the ctj hnd tun«**d He wntchittu full ; md on the instant his *piru *nu *'»r«-«»KSb revived. With a cry of pi;> and ae*;er he utislruitK and hent lit* t> ii-t But ere ha had time ti> *hoot th l,wr he'd up hi* hand ' l‘w shot, Dickon 1‘cried » familiar uc^. H Id your shot, mad wnti Know y* *t a f.it nd ?' Ann then lajing down Mate) am on thv fnif, h«* undid the hood (rmn off tut* (ho, ‘u ? octd the features of Sir D.*mel Brackiry. | Sir Daniel 1’ cried Dick. ' Ay, by the mass, $»r D*nioI,’ said the knight. * Would je shoot upon your Rnarnan, ro»iue! But bt-re is this-* And iher- he hrtke off. and jiointinf to Mtucham, *»pU-d ; ' How call >e him, Dick J* ' Dick. * I ca*l Mm Master M-ftchsm, Know ye him nol T He said ye knew him.' * Ay,' tep'ied Sir Daniel, * I know the lad Mid iie chucklod. * But be has fanned, and. hy my sooih, he mntnt have had less to liiint for. Hey, D»ck ? Did 1 put tho fear of death upon jon *’ * In ;tvd, Sir Daniel, ye did that/ st:d Dick, a-d fished again at tbb mere recoUeo* uot». ' N**y, sir, savior your respect, I had ** lief a’ met the devil in person ; and to spr-ak truth, I am yet all a-.ju-.ke- But whap madr »e, air, in such a Ruitf V S»r Daniel's brow grow suddenly black with ' What made I T he said- • Ye do well to mind me of it. What? I skulked for my poor life in my own wood of Tans'all, Dick. We ill-aped at the battle ; we but got there to be awept among the rout Where be all my good raem*l>erms ? Dick, by the tuaae, I know not. We were aw»-pt down ; i he-hut (ell thick among us. I h*v- m>< seen oue man in my own colours ainoa I taw three fall. For myself, I c«mn »ouud to Shvteby, and being mindful , t the Black Arrow, got ms ihi. gown ud bell, sud cam. -otilj by tbs path for tbs Most House. There is oo disguise 10 be compared with it ; the jingle of this bell would scare me the iitouie-t outlaw in the forsat; tbey would all tnro pale to beer it. Al leugth I came bj touand Matcbam. I could see but evilly .hmugb this earn* hood, and wa, not sure • f you, being chiefly, end for many e good cuu.e, -nonisbrdat the finding you together. Moreover, in the open, where I had to go -lnarly and lap with my etave, I feared to oi-cloee myself. But see,' he added, ‘thia • ■oor (brew begins a little to revive. A little food ceu.ry will comfort me tt.e beatt ol it.' The knight, from under hie long dreas, produced a stout bottle. a'i-t b-ein to rub the temples end wet the lipe of the patient, who isturned gradneny tu conscious oees,^and begun to roll dim eyea frjm oue to Wbat cheer, Jack !' said Dick. ' It was no leper, after all 1 It was Sir DanieL See !' ' Swallow me a good draught of thi*,' said the knight. ' Thia will give you manhood. Thereafter, I willgive you both ameal. and we -ball al* three t-on to TunetalL For Dick,’ be continued, laying forth bread and meat upon the great, ‘ 1 will avow to yon in ail good conscience, it irks me sorely to be safe between tour walla Not sine- I backed a horse nave 1 been preened so hard ; peril o! life, jeopardy ol land and livelihood, aiid to earn up, all these loeelt in the wood to bum me down. Bat 1 be not. yet ebent. Some of my lade will pick me their way home. Hatch bath ten fellows ; Seiden, he had six. Nay, weahall soon be strong egain ; and if 1 ceo bnt bay my peace with my right for tnnate and nnde-erving Lord of Turk, why, Dick. we'll be a man again and go a horse And, so Baying, the knigbt filled himself a horn of canary, and pledged hie ward in dnmb show. * Seiden,’ Dick faltered—* Seiden-' and be (waved again. Sir Daniel pnt down the wine nntaated. ' How r he cried, in a changed voice. ' Seld' n—(peak. What of Seiden !' Dick si am meted forth the tale of the ambaeb end the mas sacra. The knight h>atd tu ailtnoe; bnt at be livtemd hit oonntenance became convulsed wiib rage and grief. ' Now here,' he cried,' on my right hand I ewaar to avenge it 1 It that I fail, if that 1 spill not ten men'e scale for each, may this hand wither from my body 1 I broke thie Duckworth like a rush ; 1 beggared him to his oor. I burned tbs thatch about bia bead ; l drove him from thia ouontry ; and now oometb be back to beard me! Nay, but, Dnck worth, but Una time is shall go bitter hard!' He was silent for tome lima, hta fate working. ‘ Kat,’ he cried vnddenly. ' And you here !' he added to Btatcham,' swear me an oath to ollow straight to Ibe Moei House.' 'I will pledge mins honour,* replied Hetcbem. ' Wbat make I with you honour ?' cried the koigbt. Swear me upon your mother’s Matcbam gave the required oath ; and Sir Daniel read j as lad the hood over hie faoe.aud prepared hn bell and staff. To tee him once raoie in that appalling travevtie somewhat revived the horror of bit two companions. Bnt the knight waa soon upon bis feat. ’ Bat with a despatch,' he (aid, ' and follow me rarely to mine bouse.' And with that ba set forth again into tba woods ; and praaently after the bell began to sound, numbering hie ttepa, and tha tyro lent eat by their nntaated meal, end beard it die slowly away up hill into the distance. ' And to ye go to Tuna tall!' Dick in * Yen, verily,' said Matcbam, ' when needs mutt I am braver behind S<r Daniel's back than to bit facer They ate hastily, and set forth along the path through tha airy upper levels of the j toceat, where great beeches stood apart auioog green lawns, and the birds and squirrels made marry oo the boughs. Two boars later, they began to descend upon the other tide, and already among tha tree-tops, taw before them the red walls sad roofs of Tnntlell borne. ‘ Here,' said Matcham, pausing,1 ya shall take you leave of yonr friend. Jack, whom y* are to »ee no mare. Come Dick, forgive him wbat he did amitv, as ba, for hie put, cheerfully aud lovingly forgivetb yon.' * And wherefore eo Y asked Dick. ' An we both go to Tanttall, I shell tee yon yet •gein, I trow, and that right often.' 'Ye’ll never again see poor Jack Matcham,' replied the other, ‘ that was so learfnl and burtoeneome, and yet plucked you from the river ; ye'll not eve him more, Dick, by mine hononr.' be held his arms open, and the lace embraced and kitted. * And, Dick.' continued Matcbam, ' my spirit bodeth ill. Y’ are now to tea a new Sir Daniel; for heretofore hath all prospered in bis hands exceedingly, and fortune followed him ; bnt now, methmkt, when hie fate hath come upon him. and he tons the adventure of hie life, he will prove bnt a fool lord to both of ue. He may be brave in battle, but he bath the liar's eye ; there is fear in bia eye, Dick, aud leer it ae cruel as the wolf. We go down into that home, Saint Mary guide ns >ortb again.’ And so they continued their descent in silence, end came out at.laat beforeSir Daniel'* foreal stronghold, where it stood, low and -bady. flanked with round tower* and stained with mots and lichen, in the lilied wa'eitof the moat Kvtn sa they appeared, the doors were opened, the bridge lowered, and Sir Daniel himself, with Hatch and the parson at hi* tide, stood ready to raeeive 