Sporting Gossip. [By THE VAGRANT.] Handicapped very often know more about the form of horses than tho respective owners of the noble equinos, or, at any rate, know much moro than the wily racing men oft times like. An instance of this state of affairs cropped up last week, when Mr. Scarr put forward the weights for the Hurdle Race for Tattersall^ Club meeting. Of course several of the owners and trainers con- sidered their charges ill-used, but Mr. T. Shore waa terribly indignant over the burden allotted to his horse Bellringer, which he loudly declared was left without a 100 to 1 chance of winning. And he must have boon thoroughly in earnest, too, for although he started his nag he let him go out without a copper on him, whilst 10's to 1 went begging. Judge of his astonishment when the descendant of old Gemma-de-Vergy fairly walked home lengths in front of his nearest opponent. I suppose Bellinger must have wonderfully improved since Mr. Shore had last put him through the mill, for that gentleman is a specially good judge of the illegitimate game. An almost similar occurrence happened at Newcastle some years ago, when Mr. Hannell piled the weight up on Black Swan greatly to Mr. John Mayo's disgust. Ho intended to scratch the daughter of Yatten- don, but afterwards decided to leave the gallant black mare in to show how bad the handicap was, and she won. Mr. Kennedy has sold that arch deceiver Mitchell to Mr. T. Sampson for ¿Ë150 with certain winning contingencies, and the black son of Glorious has ¡rone into Kclso's stable. When a Glasgow millionaire recently died and loft a nice little fortune of £3,000,000, to a young name- sake, Harry McCalmont, the members of the ring welcomed the young swell's advent into the racing world with much effusiveness. Fortune smiled on him, too, forwith his horse Timothy he won the Ascot Gold Cup and Alexandra Plate. Shortly before the race for the Cup, Fry, the English betting levia- than, met Mr. McCalmont, and with a justifiable hope of doing business hauled out his book and said, " Four to one against your horse, sir ; can I lay you £8000 to £2000 ?" "No, but you can lay me ¿68 to ¿62, if you like," was the reply, "and as I always bet ready money, hore are the two sove- reigns." The expression of Fry's face was inde- scribable, but the young Scotchman was quite right, for a man must be a bit careful with only a paltry three millions in the bank. It is so easy get through it, you know. Mr. McCalmont must bo a great character in his way, for the night of Timothy's victory he walked back to the head- quarters of the Guards, and went on duty as if nothing remarkable had occurred. By the way in which the sons and daughters of The Drummer have been running lately it is safe to assert that Mr. Reynold's old horse will be found high up in the list of winning sires when the time cornea round for turf statistics to bo published. The ancient Sloth has landed two or three good things lately, whilst Mr. Oxenham has a wonderful oat-earner in the consistent little Lady Marion, who was bred by Mr. Loder, and whose dam Camilla also threw Black Eagle, The Bean, and other good ones. Chicago, another son of The Drummer, and out of the whilom Maitland favourite Corisande, won the Elsternwick Park Handicap in a canter, and is at present favourite for the Caul- field Cup, in which he must have a very rosy show, for he is weighted at but 7st. 41b. When it comes to judging horses it would take the most wily dealer on the face of the earth all his time to give the average Maitlander a slight start and a beating,-at least so they imagine-and the man who lays himself out to tell them anything about the noble equine must be pretty high up in veterinary science or he will find himself spouting to empty benches. A day or two since Mr. J. Cruickshank, of Lochinvar, rode up to our office, and, as ho alighted, the eyes of a select little coterie of horsey men, including a well-known auctioneer, a young gentleman of punt- ing propensities, a butcher whose massive frame is a standing certificate of the quality of his beef, and some others who know a thing or two, turned to the charger, which now stood hitched to a post. He was a big-bonod, square-quartered, dark bay j stallion, with good shoulders, a rather coarse rein} and expressive head. One of the party inquired of Mr. Cruickshank, as to the identity of the animal, " It is Tom Brown" was the reply. Then like a i flash they all knew him, and crowded round the late Mr. Brackenreg's old favourite. His many victories were re-called, not forgetting his triumphs in Tattersall's Cup, and the horse was walked round, poked and handled, and the way the son of Kelpie had filled out since lost racing was a subject of much wondering admiration and ex- clamation. After all had feasted their eyes on the gallant old hero he was quietly ridden away leaving those who knew him so well to talk about him. I noticed one remarkable circumstance : Tom Brown the racehorse used to be a different colour | when I knew him previously, and with his old coat he must have thrown off his old brand, which was the well known Tocal trade mark, C R. Now he bears the O.R of Mr. Thomas Cook. In fact my poor mistaken friends you were barking up the wrong tree, and it wa3 not Tom Brown the race- horse you saw but Tom Brown the coaching stallion, and Mr. Cruickshank was just a little too hurried to enlighten you. As I said before the average Maitlander is there or thereabouts when it comeB to judging horses. When metropolitan betting men invade the provinces in search of employment for their magic pencils they get up and howl when asked to pay a guinea for the privilege of plying their vooation on a country course. At Chicago (America), book- makers are charged .£19 each per day for the right of wagering at races there. That sum, however would bo a nice win for the majority of our metal licians afterfielding all day at a Maitland gathering. Eaglet, who won the V. A. T. C. Grand National Steeplechase a few days ago baa had a some- what remarkable career. Eaglet is by Wild Eagle, and is supposed to be out of a mare by South Australian. Ho was not broken in until he was four years old, when a Mr. Power purchased him for JE14. Thehor-e was subsequently sold to a shearer, and carried him and his swag to Wil cannia, whare Mr. T. Byrne gave Ü30 for him. Bolger, the jockey and trainer, had a share in the thon unnamed colt, mid as the latter bad once owned Merlin and otliois of Wild Eagle's produce, he took a fancy to Eaglet, tried him, and won no fewer than 32 race.; with him ere he parted with him. On on.- occasion Eaglet; was walked from Silverton to Hay, COO miles, and ran in a Hurdle Race unsuccessfully the day of his arriv<u. So far Eaglet has started 59 times and won 33 meus, a very creditable record, and as he can jump like a deer and gallop pretty fast he is likely to add to the list for Mr. Miller, who now owns him. An effort has at lost been made to lift the Eng- lish Derby and Oaks out of the category of races to which much money is added in appearance, but nothing in reality. Formerly these events wore sweepstakes of 50 sovs. each half forfeit, their value being dependent upon the number of subscribers, but now a fixed sum of £5000 for the Derby and .£4000 for the "ladies race," with additional sums for the nominator of the winner and the owner of the second and third horses have been guaranteed out of the race funds. Still there are five or six other races in the old country worth twice as much and if the Epsom stewards wish to keep up the prestige of the famous old gatherings they must dip deeper into their treasury. The winner of the Derby has certainly a lot of honor and glory attached to him, but the fact of having to give lumps of weight away in future handicaps detracts a good deal from the pleasure of seeing one's name included in the bead roll of famous winners of the blue ribbon. Racing men of to-day are just a bit more worldly than those of yesterday, and those of to- morrow will be a trifle more cunning than those of to-day if pos- sible. The alterations noted above have been made in the Derby of 1890, and it is a gratifying fact that 233 nominations have been received, a number more than has been obtained for many years past. The Oaks, too, has shown a corresponding increase.- The Prince of Wales has entered a couple for the Derby, for which the Dowager DuchesB of Montrose is about the largest subscriber with eleven youngsters. French and Russian owners also promise to send representa- tives, and it will be a truly international race, fcr the Hon. James White has the brothers of the flying Acme and the mighty Cranbrook engaged. What a great roar would arise from the Aus- tralians present on Epsom Downs if one of the bearers of the blue and white jacket left his opponents at Tattenham corner and galloped home an easy winner. The yells which cheered on Trickett, Beach, and the Australian Eleven would be but mere circumstances when compared with the uproar. The starts put forward for Moroney's Second Newcastle Sheffield Handicap have not given great satisfaction, but although there are many errors in it among the middle and long starts, the back men should run pretty evenly, still I cannot believe that any man with leas than 10 yards has a ghost of a chance. Acceptances for the event, which is to be run on September 8 and 10 close thiB even- ing, and in a future issue I will try and select tho winner. That good colt Bernardo haB lately shown signs of lameness and he has for some time been under veterinary care. Yery little hopes are entertained of getting a race out of the son of Henchman and Ophelia for a long time, and as a preliminary he has been withdrawn from the Hawkesbury Handi- cap. A race meeting takeB place at Canterbury Park to-day when the judge's verdicts may be :-Flying Handicap, Hugo or Malta j Park Stakes, Faith ; Spring Handicap, Elsie ; Steward's Mile, Orator. In another portion of this issue an enthusiastic knight of the willow, signing himself "Point," writes forcibly as to the ndvisableness of the best cricketers of Maitland combining and forming a club under the auspices of the ancient Albions, that course being the best in his opinion as one of the finest grounds in the colony ia at their disposal. That it is desirable in the interests of the grand old game to do something to retrieve ita waning fortunes in this district is undeniable, but old, and, indeed, young, cricketers who have done good service for thoir several clubs in the past are not likely to hail the proposal to desert their in- stitutions and lend their aid to % fresh body with alacrity. Rather would I aee much more attention devoted to practice by the members of the Albion Club in particular, for it has been that which has helped the youthful Pearls up the ladder of fame. If the services of a first-class professional batsman could be obtained so much the better. In any case, however, I would counsel cricketers to read and thoroughly consider the matter of " Points " communication. King's Own has taken hiB final adieu of the turf and has been relegated to stud duties. The son of Goldsbrough and Princess Alice was a most dis- appointing animal simply because his bad hoofs would not permit of his being thoroughly wound up, but he could gallop as he proved by winning Tattersall's Two-year-old Race after bolting and throwing hiB rider, and he ran second in the Maribyrnong Plate won by Iolanthe. He is a beautifully bred and fine looking horse, and should get good stock for Mr. J. K. Mackay, at whose stud at Cangon, Dungog, he is stationed. By cable we have the result of the great gloTO fight between Peter Jackson,-our own " Profes- sor"-and George Godfrey, the coloured champion of America, for a purse of ¿2360, offered by a leading Californian Athletic Club. The battle lasted eighteen rounds, and then Jackson put his oppon- ent to sleep. Peter is also a coloured man, and learned all he Inows from Larry Foley, who has reason to be proud of his pupil. He stands about 6ft. high, is beautifully proportioned, with the ex- ception of his waist, which is very small. It is supposed he entered the ring at 13Jst., and he is but 25 years of age. In the colonies he has done very little, being easily beaten twice by Farnan, but he made a show "of Tom Lees, and hunted the newspaper champion Slavin out of the colony, whilst Jack Burke was glad to draw the colour line between them after seeing him shape. Tired of inactivity, he went like a modern Alexander to conquer fresh worlds, and Godfrey has been his first victim. It should be rather interesting to Maitlanders to know that he. was assisted in his training for this fight by Sam " Fitzpatrick," a Maitland lad now in 'Frisco, where he has won several engagements. Many good judges have for long averred that Godfrey is the best boxer in America, the great J. L. Sullivan and Kilrain included,' and he challenged both without a favourable reply. He is a tall man with great punishing power, but he is a stone and a half lighter than Jackson, and ÍB eleven years older, so was a bit handicapped. Still I guess the majority of Americans must have been a bit riled when they saw him go down to rise no more, particularly as Paddy Gorman and Tom Meadows, Sydney lads who accompanied Jackson to 'Frisco, have each landed a battle. 