Tlie Storyteller. A De^t Paid. That was an awful day in tbe manu ficturlng village of Greenfield. Men with huDgry desperate eyes ran to and fro, and uttered fearful threats. Women, wlib arms raieed. vo gaunt with suffer ing that tbey might have been the arms of spectrea, cried for bread. Little children, nutof whose fiiceB want was stamping all that is fairest in child hood, followed at tbe heels of the men and women, echoing them. Others, scarcely less poor, yet with some frag ments of food left, barred their doors, and crouched In corners, dreading the coming of the angry, hungry, desperate mob. And bo the day wore on, and tbe mob bad done no violence. As the sun went down, the mooo iwe in peaceful majesty, and showed tbe faces of starving men and women more ghastly to the ghostly light. Then one, with eyes like fire, stood out from the crowd, and uttered words tbat fell on heart and brain like burning brandB ; and be cried at length, ?? To the manBion ! to tbe mansion !' and bis words were echoed in a great roar by tbe mob, ' To tbe mansion ! to tbe man sion !' Tbe mansion was tbe home of stern Michael Cathers, owner of tbe mills. Tbere he lived with bis daughter Helen, a fair-haired, blue eyed girl, whom all loved. Months before, unable to obtain J nrriers for his goods, he had closed bin mills, and five hundred men and women had been thrown out of work. With all hiB unyielding sternness when opposed, be bad been a fair, aud, at times, a kind uiaBter, and tbey bore this patiently. Heaven knows the poor are patient ! But the time had come, at last, when their little savings were spent, and men, women, and children cried for bread ; not for plenty, imt just enough to keep life within their starving frames. But it came not. Wbo c mld be patient then? Not the best of us ! Thus it was they rose at last, and were as restlesss as a sea. But times bad goue hard with Michael Cathers too. In his stem pride he would keep it from tbe world to the last ; and only father and daughter knew tbe mill owner was insolvent. Men had failed bim everywhere, aud it wasoniy a matter of lime aB to when his name should be among the list of bankrupts. His daughter Helen was of age, and, through the will of a deceased relative, rich ; hut ber father, in spite of her pleadings, bad refused to touch a penny of ber money. They were sitting to gether, father aud daughter, waiting for what tbe father bad said would be in evitable— tbe coming of the mob. ' Let them come,' murmured Michael Cathers, grimly, and pointed significantly at two revolvers on the table. But Helen pleaded with him and for them. ' I have money, it is yours,' Bh* oniH iJnf ho ttnaTOPrPfJ — ' Force and threats have U'-ver moved Michael Cathers yet ; tbey shall not now.' Long ere the crowd bad reached tlie lawn, tbey beard its roar. Ruthlessly tbe feet of frenzied men aud women trampled upon tbe flower-beds. Although the moon was full, some carried torches, aod, swinging tbem rouud, made lurid riDgs of flame. Micbael Cathers stopped to the window and looked out upon them. Tbey bowled at him, and shouted— ' Work or bread ! work or bread !' The flickering light of their torches showed hiB face to tbem set in stern de fiance. The starv'ng men and women were maddened by tbe sigbt, and one cried — ' Michael Catbers, your life or bread !' The crowd took up the cry bo wildly, that its sound seemed to bear in giant waves against the unflinching old man. ' Micbael Catbers, your life or bread !' Although he raised bis band to still them, his face was white with passion. The crowd silenced for a moment to bear him. With no tremor iu his tones, he answered fiercely — ' Neither my life nor bread ! Starve, you hounds — starve !' Quickly be slammed the shutters. Ju9t in time, for against them beat a shower of gtonea. 'Thedoor! tbedoor!' yelled tbe mob, and strong men threw themselves against it, till the strong timber trembled. .Helen bad stood without moving or uttering a word through all this ; but now she was all determination and action. Her father had returned to bis chair. Iu each band he held a revolver. He was seemingly unconscious of her presence, and did not eveu glanpe at her as she stole to the door. Quickly she stepped out into the ball, locking tbe door bebind ber. Her father, now aroused, cried— ' Helen, come back !' For the first time in her life she must disobey him. , ' No, father. Though you are armed, you can but kill one or two of these poor creatures, who know not what they do— then you will die.' He mde some answer, halfcommand ing, half-supplicating, but she did not hear it. At that moment tbe door gave \- way, and the mad oiobcme rushing up the stairs and into the ball. There wasa bright light there, and they paused ln ? i?— n,„„:„l,f irhieh met their vuiuuminy 01 tuBDifiu* ? ? eyes. , The girl, never more beautiful, her back against the door, faced them fear* lessly. In ber eyes was her father s fixedness of purpose, tempered by a kinder heart. Her hair fell in golden waves about her shoulders, aud her cheeks were r-*d with tbe excitement. The mob were quieted on the instant, as tbey might have been if an angel bad Btood in their wa3'. One, tbe man who had Btarted tbecry, ' Your life or bread . Mtepped towards her. ' We wouldn't harm you, miss, but we want your father.' ' Can this be you, J'mes Lawrence !' ek^ °oM nn mure. There was such re proach in her tones that tbe man blushed ; she had been kind to him and bis ipany a time. But, as one who has some justi fication, he called, ' Jane ! Jane.' Out from tbe crowd stepped hiB wife, tbe very ghost of a woman, holding in her phan tom arms the very ghnat of a child. Tbere was uo need for James Lawrence to speak, nor did he. It was a Bigot to make an angel weep. The tears came to Helen's eyes. From her pocket she drew a purseful of coin. Slipping ft 'n,° Law rence's band, she said— ' 11 Buy what you can with this for your self and the rest of these suffering n.en and women.' Addressing the crowd, sbe went on 'My father is as powerleesas tbe poorest among you, this oigbt. He baB &1 ways dealt honourably with you, and you should have trusted him, not tried force. He is powerless, but I am not. I have money, and the mills sbBll be started to morrow. I give you my word.' What a shout went up ! What tears streamed down wan faces ! Jimes Lawrence, sobbing like a child, said, 'Miss Helen, I will never forget tbis till my dying day.' . . Turning towards tbe crowd, be aBKeu, ' Are we thankful, all ?' . ' Yes, yes ! Heaven bless ber ! roared they in answer. „., ' Will we ever forget ber kindness 7 'No! no! no!' . So, by the bravery and charity of Helen Cathers, the riot was over. Peace and plenty were again In Greenfield. *«***. Five ears have gone by. Michael Cathersias loua since been laid away iu tbe cftrch-yard. Helen, no 4onger a Catlier, is married, and a mother. Happ^ married, too, is sbe, as one can see at/ glance upon tbe face of her bus band.' And that baby I Was there ever sunb ? baby siuce the flood ? It pas a beautiful wpring -l«y. The proB/'Ct of a walk in the wood near the tow (bad been too great a temptation fi-r the jurs^-girl. She disobeyed orders in goiig there with tlie baby. There were ruiwurs of a roaming wild-cat; two or thrie men said they bad Been it. Tbe girl though knowing this, went deep inm the wood, the baby in her arms. ft was suuset. Helen and ber husband were seated on the verandah, and won dering what had become of nurse aud baby. Suddenly they saw the girl, with white face, running towards tbem, but tlie child whs not in her arms. ' Please, mum.' she sobbed out, 'I was a-walHn' in tbe woods, when I seed a great cat and I runned and it follored. It would t' killed both baby and me, I known, bit Jim Lawrence, bim as lost his wife end child a month ago, steps up aud meeb it. I was so scared, I left the babj on Ibe ground and run ' This, lot very lucid account at best, was so interrupted by the glrl'B sobs, that father aod mother understood nothing more tbin that their child was in danger from a wild-cat. Helen did uot scream nor faint. As upon tbat night of danger, five years be fore, she waa ail action. She followed her husband as he rushed towards tbe wood, pushing tbe girl before bim, that she might show him where the baby was lying. In what Beeined an age to tbe agonized parents, but was, in tacL, but a few minutes, tbey were upon the spot. There lay the baby, unhurt ; a little dis tance oS, the wiid cat, dead. Terribly wounded, James Lawrence was stretched upon tbegronnd, death stamped on his face. The mother's cry of joy, as she pressed to her bisom her child, was changed to a moan o' compassion as she looked at tbe man w!io had purchased its life witb his. From a wound in his breast (they could see it through his torn clothing) blood was flowing in a stream which no skill could stop. Moment by moment, swifLy and surely, it was bearing bis life awai. Hisband and wife took each a band of the .lying man. 'I am going to see Jane and tbe boy,' be murmured. ' Oh !' sohlied Helen, 'what can we sey to you, James, thia hour ?' What a smile was upon his face, as he enswered, 'You need say nothing; I /lave only paid a debt.' ' D.i not say that, James Lawrence. What debt do you owe me, that you should pay it with your life?' He asked them to raise bim slightly, that he might lay bW head upon her shoulder; I hen he answer, d her — an swered aB one tbat beholds a viBion. ' I see myself, James Lawrence, one of a mad mob, bent on destruction and death. I am starving, my wife and child are starving. I was crazed, and know not what I do. I would statu my bands with blood ; but suddenly an angel— aye, an angel— stands in my path. Tbe in stinct of crime dies from my heart. I show that angel my wife and child who are dying for want of bread. 1 hen the angel weeps, and gives us food and work, and I long to kiss ber hand ; and I tell ber. I can never forget, and my life is hers from that hour.' His words fell strangely clear for one so near the ' valley of tbe shadow but ceasing for a moment, he strove in vain to speak again. The Buoile upon his face changed to one of joyous wonder. Even after he was dead the smile was still tbere, as if bis spirit wife had kissed him aBhe passed away. 