A SAVAGE INGOMAR. TO TTTtt EDITOR. sir— it is much to be repressed cnac ones recollection of Saturday nights performance of the play of 'Ingonuur must always be marred by a remembrance of the un seemly remarks indulged in by Mr. Holloway at the close of the play. That gentleman is not a beginner; in fact, according to his own showing he is a famous actor. He haa 'appeared before larger audiences than any other actor in Aus tralia in classical drama.' Therefore he should know that if it is inexcusable in an 'illiterate' auditor to make ungenerous exclamations, it is a thousand times more so in a gentleman of bis attainments to give way to petulant exhibitions of ill-temper. Each holds a power in his hands, and each has used it un wisely. In one case not much wisdom may have been expected; in the other, if any expectation existed it waa sadly disappointed. For generations past it has always been the privilege of playgoers to audibly and im mediately expresB their verdict. The ghosts of Sheridan and Goldsmith could tell us this. But Mr. Holloway, forsooth, would kill the monster Custom. We are not sorry that Mr. Holloway has come amongst us, inasmuch as he has brought with him the brightest Btar that haa ever dawned upon the horizon of the Australian stage— Miss Jenyns. And if Mr. Holloway will only remember that the audiences assemble at the Theatre Royal, not for ths purpose of listening to any uncalled-for remarks of his, but to offer a tribute of praise to the lady whom he has had the honour of bringing amongst us, he would, without donbt, come to the conclusion that to attack a few ' ill mannered' people Bhowa very bad taste. Miss Jensns proceeds to England to show to the public there that Australia in the histrionic arfryas in everything else— holds her own. It ia 'earnestly to be hoped that Mr. Holloway will not blight the prospects of our fairest flower by thrusting himself behind the footlights of a London stage in her company. These remarks are dictated by no other feeling than a love of the drama and an objection to despotism in any form. I am, Sir, ftc, ? A PLAYGOER. ' Oh, Mr. Grabbles !' exclaimed a young mother, ' shouldn't you like to have a family of rosy boys about your knee ?' ' No, ma am/* said the disagreeable old bachelor; 1 d rather have a lot of yellow boya -in my pocket.' Slimley— ' Here, waiter, these eggs don't seem to be very fresh!' Waiter— 'What would yez have ? Sure, yez can't expect two fried egtm wid a certificate av birth for three pence r Why Is It?— An old man who never did anything worse in bia youth than throw a snowball at a dead cat will amuse himself by the hoar telling yon what a bad boy he wat. 