AiTHOTJGH the number of private Sills passed during the fecent Session of PatlifiinSnl were limited, they were of an important character, and two at least demand more than a passing notice, inasmuch as they have been the means of introducing business which has hitherto not been transacted, in the Colony. We reter to the Bills Con ferring powers on the Tasmanian Per manent Executors and Trustees Asso ciation, and the Perpetual Trustees, Executors, and Agency Company. Both the Bilk are similar in character, ond have been passed for the purpose of enabling the Companies mentioned to act as Executors, Trustees, or AdminBtrators, or to take over estates from existing trustees, and actas agents under power of attorney; Companies of this kind ate a new institution in Tasmania-, but they have been in operation for many years in the adjoin ing Colonies and elsewhere -with much success, not only to shareholders, but to persons who have placed business in their hands, and the advantages they ofier are so many that there is no doubt they will meet with the same success here when their working is thoroughly understood. For many reasons such Companies are a necessity, and it is satisfactory to find that investors have taken the matter in hand and thus supplied the- want. It is quite a common occurrence to find that many persons hesitate to make a will, as they do not know who to appoint as executor, the great objection being that often trustees die, successors are appointed, and frequently the estate comes under the control of a person whom the testator would never have vested it in. Then again, the duties of a trustee are onerous and responsible, and persons naturally have hesitation in accepting such a position, in many cases it being done purely out of friendship. Another objection is that at times it has been found that persons have violated the trusts re posed in them, and owing to misman agement and other causes estates have been frittered away, leaving nothing for those who were entitled to have their best interests studied. A Corporate Company having perpetual succession does away with all these objections, as under the Enabling Act obtained from Parliament, they are authorised to act as trustees, executors, or administrators, and do all the work that any private ^individual could do ; and past experience, where companies have been working, show that they possess very many advantages over private trustees. The directors have no private interests to serve, and bj studying the welfare of their clients they are also acting beneficially for shareholders, as they are well aware that unless their Company enjoys the confidence of the public it cannot be a success, and they naturally endeavour to carry out their trusts in the best possible manner. In addition to this, a Company similar to those under notice never dies, and those who intrust it with their business have the assurance that their affairs will be constantly attended to. Parliament in passing the Bilk recognised the great trust and respon sibility that would be placed on the Company, and made such reservations as would effectually protect those whose interests were placed in the hands of either Company. The maxi mum amount of commission to be charged in trust estates is fixed at two and a half per cent., and if at any time this is considered by the Supreme Court to be excessive, the Court has power to review and reduce the rate. The whole of the assets of the Company are liable for the proper discharge of its duties, and in order that the liability of the shareholders may be spread over a large area, the total number of shares allowed to be held by one person in his own right is 500. As a rule wo do not advocate the establishment or support the claims of any commercial institutions, but a Trustee Company has so much to be said in its favor that we willingly draw attention to the advantages it offers. One of the Companies mentioned, the Tasmanian Permanent Executors and Trustees, has its head office in Laun ceston, and intend haying a branch in Hobart. The Peroatiinl Trnst«ws Company's chief oflice is in Hobart, with a branch in Launceston. The facilities for doing business with either is ample, and probably it is only a question of popular management as to which will be the most successful ; but following the ordinary business rule, a Company with a good local share list generally takes precedence. We feel confident that it is only a question of time as to the public recognising the benefits of such institutions. It is unfortunate for the country settlers that the bush fires are so pre valent this season, for they nearly always mean damage of one sort or another. They have appeared, too, at about the most unsuitable -time that could possibly be conceived, in the very middle of harvesting operations, when all hands are so busy that proper attention cannot be given to the first outbreak of the bush fires, and so they get the upper hand. People who have lived always in cities have little con ception of what a terrible visitation is one of those fires to the inhabitants of an outlying district, whose homesteads are surrounded by forests and scrub. There is always sufficient dead timber and dry underwood in those forests to feed the flames, which spread for miles around unless checked by a belt of open country or a timely rainfall. But the real destruction occurs when the fire reaches the cleared portion of the new settler's farm. Here it gains increased fury and velocity when fed by the timber and brushwood which had I been removed from the roughly-cleared paddocks to the margin of the ground that is under cultivation ; and then no human effort can prevent the fire from taking possession of the giant trees which had been killed by ' ringing,' and are still standing thickly among the crops. It is wonderful with what rapidity the fire passes from tree to tree until all the unlucky settler's cleared paddocks (so called) are ablaze overhead. He can do nothing at this stage of the conflagration except to watch his wooden dwelling-house and outbuildings, upon which sparks and fragments of blazing bark and boughs are descending in more or less dis agreeabl* profusion, according to the violence of ,thi flames and tile aetivh* ofthewiniJ., The fire li^ere iii tnSss dead tr^ei tor weeks, during which tune burning limbs and trunks are dis lodged; and strewed over the ground. The wheat or oats, if ripe or nearly eo, j burn altogether or in part : the potato ' crop ifl partlf dfesthiyted By falltSU . timber; the artificial grasses if visited { by fire at this time of year, are burnt up; and last, but not least, the new ground in process of clearing by means - of felling the underwood in the early 1 part of the summer, preparatory to burning it off in the autumn, takes firfe prematurely, -before the stems and branches are sufficiently dry to make a ' good burn,' and so a large additional cost is involved in the subsequent clearing These are some of the acci dents to which young settlers are liable in the agricultural districts; and although we have not yet heard of the losses sustained this season, it is to be feared that they will be excessive, on account of the exceptional Hedt and dryness that has prevailed for so long a time. We have had to record many distressing cases of loss to the agricul tural industry from bush fires in the adjacent Colonies, where the country is much more open, and therefore less liable to fire, yet many families have been hopelessly ruined. In the other Colonies, and also in this, the sheep graziers have lost immense tracts of pasture. The destruction of the dry grasses on the sheep runs is a very serious affair, not only to mutton growers, but also to mutton eaters, for besides the actual loss of so much feed, tile dry herbage is vastly superior for sustenance, and for its fattening proper ties than the young grass-feed that will spring up when the autumn rains set in. The bush fires on the runs will therefore prove more of a general loss, the meat supply ? being somewhat limited for the demand. We can only hope that those disasters which occa sionally visit our rural districts in dry seasons will not be too heavy for any who are engaged in the most loiisome of industries to bear. Bushmen should be extremely cautious in lighting fires this month. The law is of little value as a preventative unless' bush wan-, derers are moved to be careful by a sense of the irreparable injury 'they may inflict upon others. „.' ?. C. ? Nobthebit Tasmania^ Law Soonarr.— At an adjourned meeting of the legal prac titioners in the North island, held at the office of Messrs. Douglas, Collins and Davis yesterday evening, theTules'of the Northern Law Society were considered and passed. Calcutta Sweeps. — It will be noticed in another column that at the Launcestoa Hotel on Tuesday and Wednesday evenings next Calcutta sweeps will be held on the Launceston races, which take place at Mow bray on Wednesday and Thursday next. An Ahcibnt Coin.— testerday a man named Carey, employed digging post holes for Mr Harrap, at his store, George-street, unearthed a penny dated 1707, in the reign of _ George III. Considering its age the coin is in a good state of preservation,, and must have been where it was found for many years. We understand the finder intends presenting it to the Mechanic's institute Museum. Secbetaet to thh Post OFFica.-*We were yesterday shown, a telegram from Sydney to Mr W. Wmdeatt, postmaster, stating that Mr A. C. Douglas, the secretary to the Post Office, who is ill with typhoid fever, was in a critical state on Thursday, but was better yesterday. We trust that the improvement will' continue, and that Mr Douglas will soon be well enough to return to Tasmania. Tkjubobaph Ofeiob.— We are gald to be able to state that the inconvenient and questionable practice of closing the public rooms at the local Telegraph Office at 9 o'clock p.m., and the consequent transac tion of all business in the operating rooms upstairs after that hour, has been discon tinued. The public rooms are now avail able to the public 'up till midnight, an arrangement which came into force on the 1st instant. Cbickbt.— A match will take place this afternoon on the Cornwall Cricket Ground between the Derwent and Excelsior. The Dement team will be from the following: — Annatage (2), Prenter (2), Gardner, Littler, Schmiddt, Atkins, Btatto, TfTilldnson, Ford. Our Boys eleven journey to Bntally this afternoon to play the Entally Club. Our Boys will be chosen from the following, who are requested to' meet at Dismor/s at 1.30 o'clock: — B. Malcolm (captain), Heffer man, Craib, Gurr, Bride, Woods, .M'Kenzie, Waugh, Luttreli, Hood, Burke, Goodluck, Clark, Humane, Holland. ToxsOBiAL.— The Americans, as every one knows, are great people for inventions, and yesterday we ^were shown a useful little article hailing from there, which has been imported by Mr Aldred, hairdresser, of Brisbane-street. It is a patent hair-clipper for removing the hair from the back part of the neck, and in operation is almost equal to shaving. It 'has somewhat the appearance of a horse-clipper, though much smaller and finer, and does its -work quickly and cleanly. When: done with the scissors this work takes . considerable time, but with these cuppers it is performed more thoroughly and in very much less tune. tbevaiayn Town iJOABD.— We under stand that notice of action in the Supreme Court has been given on behalf of Mr W. I. Thrower against the Trevallyn Town Board for permitting the natural- course of the water to be diverted, to the damage of his property. It is to be regretted that the board in its infancy should be entangled in a law case, and strenuous efforts should be made to prevent such an undesirable em broilment. The ratepayers' money should be spent on improvements, which are badly needed ; but if frittered away in law expenses there will be very little -available for a long time to come for improvements. Telephone Sdbscbibbb6.— The manager of the local Telegraph Office desires us to inform intending subscribers to the Tele phone Exchange, and renters of private lines, that prompt paymentof subscriptions for the current year would expedite the pre paration and issue of a new list of the names of subscribers. As an indication of the pro gress of Launceston and the enterprise of its inhabitants, it is worthy of notice that no less than twelve additional exchange and private lines were/connected during the previous month, a record which has not been approached for several years post. ' T.M.C.A. — The usual monthly meeting of the T.M.C.A. was held at the rooms, Quad rant, last evening, the Rev. Charles Price in the chair. The minutes of the last meeting were read and confirmed, after which the current expenses for the past month were passed for payment. The report of the mission committee showed that good work was being done at the weekly Gospel meet ings. The boys' meeting has been recom menced for prayer on Friday night, and for the Gospel on Sunday night, and help Vas solicited for the Gospel work on Sunday evening. After discussing various subjects, the meeting closed with prayer at 9 pjn. Police Cocet.— Messrs. H.T.A. Murray, P.M., and Ernest Whitfeld occupied the bench at the Launceston Police 'Court yes terday. A delay ensued in the opening of the Court, the business not commencing until after 11.30 owing to the jmagistrate on the roster, who should have been on the bench with Mr Murray, not being in at tendance. The sitting was ri6t . concluded until 4-45, two hospital cases and an assault case being adjourned until 11 o'clock to day. Two women were fined 10s or a weekfs imprisonment, while another woman for disturbing the peace had to 'Submit to similar penalties for her misconduct. The remainder of the business before the Court treated with the cases o£jL quartette of the fair but frail sisterhood- -or the town. In the first case for assault one of the acciUed was fined £1 Is and costs, in default of payment one months' imprisonment, while -n the other case for disturbing the peace all four were fined £1 each with 6s 8d costs, in default 14 days' imprisonment. Mr F. ' C. Htfckirk appeared on bfthalf A'f the efence in the tatter case. . St.,P.aci/8 Cabm Cosobet.— a, concert was {jiT«n iM* ^Vf »y th« ehijir ot St Paul's Chureh, fcutttefl % korki laSy friends, and was & marked success. The attendance was moderatsly good, and ths audience seemed a highly appreciative one, judging by the number of encores insisted upon ; and it may not be out of place here to ^tate .that this token of appreciation ieems to be rather overdone; and Qom? con sideration shoula be Jslion 73 for those who exert themselves to entertain an audience, for when nearly every item on a programme receives a demand for an encore, it caases to be a compliment, and may be taken rather as a hint to ' try again,' or from a desire to obtain more for the money paid. The concert opened with a piano solo by Mr Bryan, after which ' The Hunter's Beturn,' Mr Mayhead's song, was well received, and ' Close to the Threshold,' as tendered by Mrs J. C. Ferguson, brought down a round of hearty applause that could only be allayed by that lady returning and render ing ' He will return' in the same manner. Mr A. L. Wells' fine bass voice was heard to such perfection hi 'Guiding light' that vociferous applause was indulged in until Mr Walls returned and bowed. This would not satisfy the audience, who persevered until he gave 'The grey friar.' The nest item was 'The praise of teats'1 by Miss M'Dpnald, who saems to be «ver popular with a LaUn ceston audience, and as an encore she gave a charming Scotch ballad. Mr F. Bignold, who was unfortunately suffering from, a severe cold and sore throat, then gave ' The message from the king' in a pleasing manner, and in response to continuous applause bowed his acknowledgments. Mr W. W. Scott's rendition of Ernst's arrange ment of ' Elegie,' as a violin solo, was a marked success, and was considered by some as the gem of the concert, and this received the ^dst persistent ap plause of the evening; to which at last he responded by giving Baffs cavatina. The second part opened by Mr Bryan's rendition of the fantasia on the ever-popular Irish ballad 'The last rose of summer,' arranged by himself, The same gentleman acted as aceompanyist throughout the evening in his usual efficient manner, llr G. Whitelaw tlien gave 'The song of the anvil,' and seemed to give satisfaction. ' O that we two were maying,' by Mrs J. C. Ferguson and Miss B. Ferguson, was a genuine success, and they 'were compelled to repeat one verse. This was followed by Mr F. Bignold's 'Old gray mare,' whicli 6eemed so popular that Mr Wells had to apologise for his non-reappearance on account of his throat. Mis6 M'Donald then rendered 'Deart heart,' and in this case again an encore was so insisted upon that she, though evidently fatigued, was com pelled to repeat one verse. Misses Bignold and Whitelaw then gave 'The watch fires,' and were well received. The con cluding item on the programme was ' The wolf,' by Mr A. L. Wells, who was encored. A most pleasant evening's entertainment was brought to a conclusion by the com bined performers 6inging the National Anthem. Town Improvements.— Although some what circumscribed in its area few prettier spots can be found in the Australian colo nies than the People's Park in Launceston, and the gardener's lodge recently erected, and now occupied by Mr M'Gowan, un doubtedly adds to its attractiveness on the entrance from Tamar-etreet. The contract for the erection of the building at £510 was let to Messrs. Russell and Son some few months since, and most faithfully has the work been carried out by the con tractors. The building is one of brick, two storeys in height— 30ft by 25ft— and 32ft to the ridge pole, rounded on three sides by a verandali 6ft in width. There are six rooms on the ground floor, and four on the upper story. The basement rooms comprise parlor, 15ft by 13ft ; kitchen, 12ft by lift; the hall being 9ft wide. A scullery and sink are at the rear, the pantry being 7ft by 6ft, and|£the bath room 6ft by 6ft. Outside the main building there is a verandah facing to wards the Parks Upstairs the rooms are 15ft by 13ft, 12ft by lift, and 12ft by 10ft, the landing being 12ft by 9ft. The walls are llin in thickness, the bricks being placed longitudinally with a hollow space between them, the inner and outer wall being bound together with galvanised hooks. The foundation is a wan of blue stone, 3ft Gin in depth. The chimney arrangements meet three fireplaces on the ground floor and two upstairs. On the . upper storey are two trip dormer windows, one facing on Tamar-street, and the other on the park, the height of the rooms on the ground floor and upper storey being 10ft clear in the stud. The roof, bell cast, about the only one in town, is slated from the Bangor Quarry. The floor of the verandah is asphalted, and all the joinery work has been turned out from the contractor's business premises. The floors throughout the house are of Tasmanian hardwood, tongued and grooved. The openings of the doors and the frames of the windows are of moulded brick from Mr John Campbell's work, while gas and water are laid on all through the building. Abbtval of the Sandhubst Tbam of Cbicketebs. — The Sandhurst team of cricketers were amongst the passengers by the 6.8. Flinders yesterday afternoon, and on arrival they were met at the wharf by Messrs. W. Murray, W. L. Sidebottom, and R. H. Sams, who had a four-horse drag at their disposal. They were driven to the Central Hotel, where they will stay during their visit here. In the afternoon they were taken to the Association Ground and indulged in n short practice with a few local players, some of them showing good form. Mr W. Eiley acts as manager of the team, while hi Mr S. Mackay they have an excellent captain. Mr J. Edwards, one of the best bats, was unable to join them — a rather serious loss to the visitors. Most of the players have visited the colony for their first time, but some of them, viz., Messrs. W. Fox, W. Bruce, and J. M'Lean, visited Launceston a few years ago with the Sand hurst Club when they were defeated by our players here. They meet the Laun ceston Club eleven this morning on the Association Ground, the match commencing at half-past 9. As it is not often that intercolonial matches are contested in Launeeston, no doubt this match -will cause an unusually good attendance round the chains to-day to see our senior players pitted against a Victorian team. The teams are as follows : — Launceston — W. L. Side bottom, K. Burn, L. E. and E. H. Sams, H. Wilson, R. Ritchie, J. II. Martin, J. S. Clemona, J. Wilson, F. C. Hobkirk, and G. Murrav- Sandhurst from the following — S. Mackay, C. Houston, W. Bruce, T. Davis, W. Fox, H. Jones, R. Quien, A. Juncke, F. Denton, J. Jackson, W. Riley, R. Brown, R. Matchett, J. M'Lean. The Obiando. — The Admiralty have ordered one of the swiftest war vessels in the navy to replace the Kelson as flag-ship on the Australian station. In view, says the Home News, of the recent almost unani mous adoption of a system of colonial defence, and that s request will soon be made by the Legislatures of the great southern dependencies to the Home Go vernment to proceed to the construction of Australian war vessels, this appointment of the_ Orlando ?will be received with much satisfaction. For years past it was the practice of the naya.1 authorities to ignore the great commercial interests of Australia, and to send out only ships of the most obsolete type. This culpable neglect can never happily occur again, and the Orlando, which will be completed for sea early in the year, will he a fitting representative of the naval power of England. She was the first of the seven new armored cruisers designed nearly three years ago by the late Director of Naval Construction, and was built by private contract at Jsrrowon Tyne. Her armament consists of breech loading guns of the newest type, and the arrangements for working them are of the most modern character. The Orlando is further provided with a strong torpedo armament. Built throughout of steel, with armored deck extending from stem to stern, she has engines of triple expan sion capable of propelling the vessel at a speed of 19 knots per now, and thus making her one of the very fleetest ships of war afloat. Main Lin-e Railway.— On this railway return tickets at single fares will be issued to Launceston from all stations and sidings from Monday, the Bth inst., until Friday, the 11th inst. A cheap train will leave Hobart tt 5 a.m. on Wednesday next, calling at stations and principal sidings, reaching Launceston at 11-51 a.m. Further particulars can be found on reference to the advertisement. Puusubb ExctrasroN.— On Wednesday, rst race day, the s.s. Dorset, under charter to {he St. Paul's Sunday-school, -will leave the 'wiiarf at SOO fl»tn, fofr an excursion to George Town, returning before dark. TELBGBAPHIC iNTIBHr/PTIOW. — Tb.8 ITorth-Eiist Coast line was interrupted since §?30 a-m. yesterday, beyond Branxholm, Tamab Regatta.— ilesBrs; W: T. Ball and Co. will sell at their mart to-day, at 12-30 p.m., the right for holding the com mittee, two publicans', and two temperance booths, and the right of printing the official programme, in connection with the forth coming Tamar Regatta. The Ethel Gbet iJBAttATrt; Compart. \--*- We understand on Wednesday and Thursday evenings next the Ethel Grey Dramatic Company, under the management of Mr J. Stilling Duff, have decided to give performances at the Oddfellows' Hall,' after which thgy make a tour of the country. The company will consist of Miss Ethel Grey, Miss Ella Claiborne, Miss Stewart, and Messrs.. C. F. Searle, Stewart Bolten, Ciias. tfafren; 1. & flint etc. The Fise Jubilee Singers. — -iriafeftbeT column will be found some interesting information relative to the first visit of those justly -famed vocalists, the Fisk Jubilee Singers, to Launceston. They are at present drawing crowded liouses in llobart, despite the fact that they have to contend with a great counter attraction — Simonsen's Royal Italian Opera Company. The season iu Launceston is a very brief one, and they ore announced to appear on Monday, February 13, Northebn Tasmanian Angle&s;' Afoi ciation. — The presentation of prizes which were won at the fishing contest held on the Centenary day, took place on Thursday evening at the Association's Room. The social was also held, when some very pleasing harmony was indulged in. Several toasts were proposed, including 'The walls of Old England,' and the health of the host (Mr J. Archer.) A vote of thanks was also heartily accorded to Mr D. Archer, of Snake Banks, for kindly permitting the contest to be held on his estate. A vote of thanks to the chairman and the singing of ' Auld lang syne' closed1 a very enthusiastic meeting. Launceston and Western Railway.— In connection with the forthcoming Laun ceston Races, to. be held on the Mowbray Hacec6urs£ oii Wednesday and Thursday next, the following arrangements have been made on this line: — Return tickets to' Launceston at single fares will be issufed by afternoon trains on Tuesday, and by all trains on Wednesday and Thursday, avail aole for return up te the following Saturday. On Wednesday and Thursday the 5 p.m. train for Deloraine will be detained until 6-30 p.m., and on both nights a late train will leave Launceston for Delor'ame 20 minutes after the conclusion of the Italian Opera Company's performance. City Band Concbbt.— The members of the City Band gave their first promenade concert after returning from the Centennial Band Contest in the Iowa Park last even Ing. They were accorded a good reception, being cheered on entering the gates, and the attendance was large and appreciative. The overture of ' William Tell ' wa6 espe cially well received, and hi the selection 'Lucrezia Borgia' and overture 'Baden Baden,' Mr Alexander's clarionet parts were heard to great advantage, and he was deservedly applauded. The following was the programme : — Selection, ' Lucrezia Borgia;' overture, 'William Tell;' valse, ' Hydropaten ;' overture, ?' Semeramide ;' waltz. 'Baden Baden;' selection 'II Trovatore;' and the National Anthem. Subdbban Improvements.— During the last few years one of the incidents of the advancement of tud Northern capital of Tasmania has been the extgnsitin of the suburban residences of our burgesses: Among the most recent now in course of erection, which will be completed before the end of the current month, is that of Mr Robert Hogarth, in David-street, Jfewstead. The cottage, which contains 10 rooms, was designed by Messrs. Harry Cori way and Son, tenders for which were called for in September last, Messrs. Russell and Son being the successful tenderers at £800. The house is weatherboard, the main front being rusticated boarding, and the remainder Of the outside of hardwood. The foundations are of Milestone, tuck pointed, 3ft in depth. There are two rooms averaging 21ft by 15ft, four running 21ft 6in by 14ft, 20ft by 15ft, 23ft by 15ft, and 20ft by 14ft, two 14ft by lift, andfour 12ft by 6ft. The house is built on an allot ment of three acres, water being laid on all through the premises, the rooms being 12ft clear in the stud, and the roofing 'being galvanised iron laid over felt. The chimneys are of brick and cement, two bay windows being thrown out from the drawing-room and larger bedrooms, the rooms being plas tered throughout. The floore are of an extra thickness, beingof ljin tongued and grooved hardwood. The verandah on the east and northern sides of the building is 6ft 6in in breadth. The turret on the cottage is almost immediately above the main steps of the building, the window to the left being of ruby-colored glass, light ing the hall. All the angles of the chimneys are of the best moulded Keen's cement. A bracketted cornice runs immediately below the eaves' lute. Acadbmy of Music.— The threatening aspect of the weather last evening proved somewhat detrimental to the attendance at the Academy of Music, when Henry J. Byron's drama, 'Blow for Blow,' was pro duced for one night only. Those present were lavish with their applause, the prin cipal performers being brought before the curtain at the end of almost each act. The piece went rather slow at first, but con siderably improved during the last three acts. The plot of this sparkling little drama is well- known in Launceston, con sequently it is needless to repeat it. The dual characters of Mildred Craddock and Alice Petherick was sustained by Miss Blanche Lewis, who, whether as the affianced wife of Lieutenant Lindon or as the dupe of John Drummona, dis played a ^versatility of considerable ability. Josiah Craddock (Mr C. F. Searle), John Drummond (Mr H. N. Douglas), Lieutenant Lindon, afterwards Sir Henry Lindon (Mr Stilling Duff), Lady Linton (Miss Ethel Gray) all took prominentparts in the drama, and portrayed then* individual character in masterly style. Mr Charles Seagrave appeared in that celebrated character, Charlie Spraggs, which poor Fred. Marshall made so famous, and he supplied consider able amusement in his clever representa tion. Mr Edwin Palmer did not have much to do as Dr. Grace, but his little was done well. The Eitty Wobbler of Miss Claiborne was a character cleverly enacted, whilst the rest of the caste was sustained with credit. To- night Miss Blanche Lewis will take a benefit, when Dion Boucacult's sensational drama, 'The Octoroon,' will be presented. SIMONSEN'SROTAL ITALIAN OPEBA COM painy. — By a special train |from Hobart to morrow Simonsen's Royal Italian OperaCom pany will arrive from Hobart, and will intro duce themselves to a Launceston audience at the Academy of Music on Monday evening in that ever -beautiful opera, ' n Trovatore.' The production of this opera by Mr Simonsen's company is one of their greatest triumphs, as the whole of the Australian city Press have been most lavish in their praise of them. We have received columns of most flatter ing notices of this opera, but the following remarks from the Mercury will give our readers some idea of what they may expect : — ' The remarkably pretty ' Anvil Chorus,' the best known, perhaps, in the opera, was faultless in every way, and the mite en scene was so perfect that nothing was wanting to make the ops ning of the second act a really artistic pleasure, which was fully enjoyed. Up to this point the audience, though expressing their appre ciation repeatedly, had been moderate, but after the 'Anvil Chorus' and the splendid acting of Signor Cavalleri — whose every gesture and mobue features depicted the warm-blooded, passionate, and yet tender, semi-barbarous, though naturally noble, gipsy, Aiucena— ^the audience ?were carried away by the artistic reality of the perfor mance, and the delight experienced Tvas frequently manifested in a very marked manner. At the conclusion of each act the curtain had to be twice raised ogain to satisfy the demand made for the oppor tunity of applauding the chief performers. One of the strong points of the company is a very complete orchestra, whose number leaves no spare room in the limited gallery allotted them. Not only are they strong in numbers, but they include some very good instrumentalists, and in the hands of Signor Roberto Hazon, the conductor, a man who throws his soul into his office, and makes it a labor of love, they worked with obedience, exactness, and achieved success.' We may remind those who have not yet secured stall seate (as the circle is already full), that they had better do so to- day, other wise ttie'ir chance of seeing this talented coinpany is hopeless. Eiiiatote.— To-morrovr the anniversary services iu connection with 6f. Paul's Sunday-school will be held.— At the Laun ceston Tabernacle Mr W. Scone iriU preach morning and evening.— The subjects to hi lealt -with by the Rev. D. S. Brunton at Chalmers ClffrcH will be ' God's thoughts and 'They shall its his feet.'— At the Memorial Church Pastor G; ftoltau will deliver an address in the in'ofning, based on the incidents of the 4tL chapter of St. John's Gospel, his evening subject being 'The History of Satan^-At th'S Wesleyan Church, Patter son-street, the Rev. K; Greenwood will preach in the morning, and tile Rev. G. T. He3~ward in the evening. — At Mafgaret itreet Mr Kelly will conduct the morning and Mr Kirkwood the evening service, the latter presiding at the Lawrence Vale service in the evening. — At 11 o'clock the services in connection \v:!-i the Carrick Wesleyan Sunday-school anniversary will be Mii.in the Public Hall, Carrick, the Eev. H. Gree'riWoijd preaching at 3 o'clock in the afternoon and at G-SOp.m.— Special services will be held m Deloraifta Presbyterian Church on the 1st, 2nd, ond 4tli Sabbath evenings during the month of February, commencing at 7 p.m., the subjects being, 'The second coming of Christ: Spiritual or literal — which ?' *' The baptism of the Holy Ghost: A fact of a fancy in modern times.' ' The bride of Christ ; Her be trothal and marriage.' — The Rev. TV. IL Walton conducts service at the Primitive MeiCofiift Church morning and evening, and at Young To*C iri the afternoon. Miss BaADDOK.— This lady find her bus band, Mr Maxwell, and several members of their family, have left Lichfield House for Milan en route for San Remo, where they will spend the winter. They had travelled the day previously from Miss Braddon's lovely estate at Lyndhuret, in the New Forest. Miss Braddon may f airly be called the l,ndv Rnnnt.ifnl at Lxndliurst. where she f ulfiU the position with much ostenta tions grace. Her husband, Mr Maxwell, has lately addedjto her fine gallery of pic tures at Xiclifielct Ilolisc/ Richmond, lliss Braddon expects to remain at San Remo^ until May, and during that tune she will be engaged upon the completion of the novel which she is writing under contract with Mr Long, of the Sheffield Weekly Telegraph. Mf Labottchere was at Lyudnurst during the summer, and -wrote many of his chatty articles for Truth there. It says much for the pleasant amenities of literature that although Miss Braddon is a Conservative*, she and her Biiebarid are neighbors of the Laboucheres, and visit each other. Mr Joseph Hatton is a frequent visitor at Lich field House. He is one of the f&ff; living ?writers, young as he is, ?who belong to the band di prominent authors wlio contri buted to Miss Biaddorfs first number of the 'Belgravia Magazine.''' Not long since, when the Prince of Wales desired an intro duction to Miss Braddon at some social function, His Royal Highness told her that his royal mother and sisters were devourers of her novels. The OLn Me'n of the Age. — M. Fer dinand de Lesseps celebrated the anniver sary of his birthday on November' 19f and entered upon his 83rd year. He can lodfe round him and see but very few men of anything like equal eminence who are as old as he. The German Emperor is 90, Dr. Dollinger is 88, Moltke and Bancroft, the historian, are each 87, Kossuth is 85, and Professor Owen is 83, but it is not easy to extend the list. Yet it is astonishing to note the large number of living great men who have passed the ordinary limit of human life. Of sovereigns, the Pope is 77, and King William of the Netherlands is well on in his 71st year. Of statesmen, Mr Gladstone will be 79 next month, Mr Bright is 76, Prince' Bismarck is 72, IL Jales Gr-5vy is 74, M. Legn Say and M. Leroryer are each 71, Lord Sslbome i6 75, Sir R. Alcock is 78, Lord Sherbrtfolte is 76, and LordGranville is72. Of generals, MacMahon is 79, Lebtsuf is 78, and Bazaine and Cialdini are each 76. Of poets. Lord Tenny son is 78, .Mr Browning is 75, and Dr. Oliver Wendell Holmes is 78. Of musicians, M. Verdi is 73. Of engineers, Lord Arm strong is 77, and Sir John HawTfShaw is 76. Of painters, Meissonier is 72; and finally, of showmen, Barnum is 77. Perhaps, how ever, SL Chevreul, who is fairly Btarted upon his 102ud year, ought not ? to be omitted. In any Gase, the catalogue is far from being a complete one» As it stands, it is sufficiently remarkable. We have mentioned the names of 32 persdris', the average age of each being over 78. It may be doubted whether in the history of the world 32 men df as considerable celebrity and of as great average length of life have ?ver before been alive at one time. Alf Attktb at.arta V FBDEBAL ABHT. — General Owen's memorandum on the forma tion of an Australian federal army is com piled with great drill, and its several pro visions, if ungrudgingly carried out, will be the means of establishing a definite de fensive policy. The daily increasing wealth and importance of the Australian colonies, says the Home News, require local forces, in addition to a powerful fleet, to guard against a hostile maritime expedition specially fitted out to harass Great Britain in that portion of the empire. It is now no secret that not many years ago a Russian squadron was actually organised for the purpose of attacking us in Australia. Our navy might possibly intercept an expedi tion despatched on such an enterprise, but the area to be guarded is so vast, and there are so many requirements of war in the de fence of our trading lines, that full protec tion is impossible to our colonial territories without the addition of adequate regular troops to repel a landing. Military aid, in fact, is absolutely essential for our fleets to rest upon, and to enable them, without being trammelled by other duties, to look after the safety of our water highways and the sources or food supply. Canada has long since found that a standing army was indispensable, and Australia, none too soon, is also setting her house in order and taking measures to maintain a properly organised and equipped army of regular troops. The forces at present existing are the advance guard of the coming Australian Federal Army, and when each colony shall have a due proportion of enlisted men, an army would be ready to hand to reinforce the garrisons of any part of the continent in the event of war. Hobse-Bbeeding.— The Royal Commis sion on horse-breeding have issued their first report. To many Australians (the Some Nptnx says) it will be a matter of surprise that a steady process of deteriora tion in our breed of horses has for many years been going on — not certainly in race horses or the highest class of hunters, but in the half-bred animal suitable for general work. The cause lies in the numbers of foreign buyers who at every fan- held hi this country have given the highest, price for really good horses. Only inferior and unsound animals have been left behind, and the English breed has iii consequence seriously declined. Lord Ribblesdale more than anyone else saw that this was a subject of national importance, and through his persistent efforts the Government appointed a Royal Commission. On their recommen dation a large sum of money will be ex pended in premiums for thoroughbred stallions of three years old and upwards. This first step towards reform will ensure a supply of good sound stallions at fees not beyond the reach of the ordinary farmer. The commissioners hope that then- plan will tend to stimulate horse-breeders, and that it will have the no less salutary effect of weeding out a large number of inferior animals which now do nothing but mischief. They desire also the establishment in Enc land of a public institution which shall compete with the foreign haras, to supply which our country is scoured. The Duke of Portland's Commission, so far, have done all in then- power, with the limited means at their disposal, to start a new era in horse-breeding. They announce their deter mination to keep the subject well in hand, and further results may therefore be ex pected from their deliberations. Tea Meeting at Cabbick. — A tea meeting will be held at Carrick on Monday next, and is to he followed by a public meeting, when the Revs. H. Greenwood, W. Presley, D. Brunton, and J. Tennant, and Mr Monds and others will give addresses. A meeting of the Bums' Club will be held at the Club Hotel at 8 o'clock on Monday night. Mr Rusden, draper, St. John-street, adver tises that he has just opened a case of children's bonnets, also shipment of new ' designs in lace, silk, plush, bead collarettes etc. Messrs. D. and M. Inglis' weekly price list of groceries appears in another column. ! Customebs will find an excellent assort- j ment of Mason's Jam jars, nests of English ! Tars, and odd sizes in jars of local manu- ' facture from lowest prices, at A. Mac- ' Donald's, Charles-street. 