PKWCW— —— — n— I— POINTS. | A Good Lute. — To be an alderman. J ; Kraa Johannes. — Wants time, to breathe. Imtbove It. — Tho singing at St. John's Pro Cathedral. j Good Plan. — Advertise for good voices for tho above. ; , ' -?-' Doing a Big Business. — Tho B.E.S.R. at T?— ' Mikado.' — Mick-ah-do take mo to J. H. South's benofit. Pcob Bodies. — About 476 of them at Dun wich. New Beatitude. — Blessed are tho poor in brains, for thoy shall get into Parliament. Answer. — If thero is now no danger, of coolio labour, who has removed tho danger P John Watson. — Invites electors to look into the antecedents of candidates. Don't. Ibeland. — Is shifting tho baso of operations to Amerioa. Go in ft on Strike — State school teachers in Victoria. Two Pine Days. — Enabled lots of steamers and their dead and living to clear off. Our Old Friend. — Agrati on tho warpath in our midst again. Parked. — Pulled a good stern raoo on Satur day. Nevej mind, old man, yoa wore seoDnd. Land, Land.— It still sells, especially on Saturdays. Hume Ulack. — Has got half way : going to run as an independent candidate. Independent of whom ? Had a Guilty Conscience. — Tho individual who was gardening yesterday, and on seeing the Doctor paSB exclaimed, ' Moro Points.' Is it True ? — That the Sandgate Corpora tion intend forming a road from tho Esplanade to a new aldermanic residence. R. B. Sheridan. — Has put on paint and feathers. He Btorms the heart of Maryborough. Go it, Sheridan, and win. Skeletons. — One has been found noar Croy don; a great many are being dug up in ' Hansard.' Maokossan. — Found it quite cool on his arrival at Croydon. Nevermind, John; if any oae can warm ilium it is you. Seemed Stranoe. — Accused had lived in Brisbano for 20 yeara, and yet thero was nothing known against him. Coming Events. — A strong party in Canada go for freo interchange of trada with the United States. The Rogues.— Down Southport way Bhouted ' Sir Thomas for ever,' but thoy will not vote for him. Little Melville. — Of Cumberland fame says that when a man has onco boen a member of Parliament ho never wants for a dinnor. There must be some mistake here. Mr. Pons. — Of anti-Chineso heroism says that ho is not going to stand for any electorate. Wise man. The Doctor commends his oxample to many. Bell Says. — That he believes in kanaka labour, just to save a plantation from being denuded of its hands if a ' goldrush broko out near it.' Yes, How? — Bell says that Sir Thomas ' broke off negotiations when he found,' &c.; Suppose ho had not found an obstaols ho would have gono on. Habcourt Says. — Tha* tho Tory Govern ment is the elephant resting on tho back of tho tortoise, the Unionist party, which rests upon nothing. A New American State. — Massashusas. At any rate that was the word used by a bud ding aspirant for Parliamentary honours. Did ho mean Massachusetts ? Cardinal Moran. — Going to seo tho Pope. His HolincsB must bo sadly bored with distin guished visitors going in suoh numbers. Why not lot tlio poor man alone ? Bonks. — About .20 owt. of bones of pre historic animals havo been found in the bear oavo near Riiboland, in tho Hara Mountains. Only a part of the cave has yet been ex plored. ' Roll Up. — Hero is a chap who will write all your election speeches for you. What a godsend to the poor lot of fellows who cannot write for themsolves. Providence is kind to tho poor sometimes. Dr. Trench. — A memorial to the lato Arch bishop of Dublin has been Bet on foot by a very influential committee, of which a multitude of bishops and deans aro members. Good man, French. An Agreeable Change. — Tho business at tho South Brisbane Council meeting was got through in three hours on Friday afternoon. Would it have been got through in tho evening as expeditiously ? Rough on Radclhte. — Tho neighbour who prosecutcd Parson Haweis for tho nuisance caused by his crowing rooster, was Widow Radcliffe. Other ladies gavo evidence that they ' rathor liked it.' From ths City. — A young lady, visiting for the first time in the country, was alarmed at the approach of a cow. Sho was too frightened to run, and, Bhaking her parasol at tho animal, she said in a very stern tone : ' Lio down, sir ! lie down !' MionTY Unpleasant. — No generouB man would go to a spiritual stance given by a lady medium, and as the ghost is walking about, while the medium iB tied in the cabinet, ex claim : ' There's a rat right by the ghost !' It spoils tho effect to have tho ghost ory out and gather up its skirts and run. Had Heb. — ' I don't see why you should sneer at my engagement ring,' said tho fair girl, with a flush of indignation on hor cheek, aa she faced the belle of the opposition town, ' it's a great deal prettier thun the ona you woro three years ago, and haven't worn Bince !' . 'No, dear,' replied her frieud, with a oool, far-away look in her voioe ; ' not prettier, but quite aB pretty. It is the same ring.' Gosciikn's Enemy. — At a recent dinnor at the Mansion Bouse, three foreign consuls wore present whom the lord mayor wished to honour by drinking their healths, no accordingly directed the toast-master to announce the heallhs of ' the three present consuls.' Ho, however, mistaking the werds, gave out the following : ' The lord mayor drinks tho healths of the three per cent, consols.' 