, 1 to ( ipp lana- - imts. W\EDNESDAY, APRIL 4, 188I. The next meeting of the Avon shire council will be held on Monday. The ordinary meeting of the \laffra shire council has been postponed to Wed;nesday next, the 2tll inst. A flag station is to be established at the Denison road crossing, and tenders will shortly he called for the work necessary. The treasurer of the Gippdandl Hospital acknowledges in another column contribu. tions received for the month of March. The men employed on the Sale canal works have strtck for a rise front 7s 6.1 to So? per day. We sae requested to drasat-tertiton to an advertisemnent announcing a sale of stock at Yarram on Saturday next by 1essrs Gellion Bros., auctioneers. The second annual excursion in connec. tion with the Sale branch of the Australian N!aives. Association took placeon Monday. The nuimber of exeursionists rn this occa. sion ivas nst anything like last year which may pe:haps to some extent Ihe accounted for by the fact of the Sale borough band having arrangel a trip to 3M'Lellan's straits, which took place in the afternoon. How ever a fair number took advantasge of the opportunity of visiting Rosherville, or pro. perly speaking, Metong, where a pleasant couple of hours was spent by picknicking, cricket, and otlher pastimes. During the journey a number of thie passengers gave vocal nd instrumental selections in credit hble style. The excursionists were not lauled at the canal works until about a quarter past eleven. It would perhaps not he oat of place to give the A.N.A. com mittee a hint that they shouldl endeavor to land gheir patrons at a much earlier hour in fatore, and also procure a much faster steamer. We are requested to direct the attention of masons to an advertisement in another coltmln, froms the masters of thle Gippsland .and New Province lodges, calling emergency meetings of ;thepjespective lodges at the Lostge rooms this evening, at half past six o'clock sharp. These meetings are necessary preliminaries to the service at St. Paul's Church at S o'clock. The annual dinner of the Traralgon branch of the Victorian Railhay Service Mutual Association was held at Parer's Grand •Junction Hotelc tiiThirsday night. Amongst tile guests was rMr Groom, MI.L.A. In re- t plying to the toast of the ." Pa'rliament of iectoria,"iMr Groom ieferreittdlohe, neces sity of the promised electoral bill for the more adequate represenltation of suehlTruing districts as:that of South Gippsland. lHis constituency had increased from 4,000 at the last election to over 7,000 at the present time. Last year he received 12,000 letters from hIi constituents, and it was utterly inmpossible for one member to meet all the requirements expected of him, and which t the necessities of the electorate demanded. t .MlrJohnson, general secretary of tlhe Ril- I way Employds Association, was also present t and spoke in the highest terms of the fair dealing and uprightness which marked the t RailwayComtuiss ionero as a body, sand .r r Speight in particular. They were ahrays ready to frankly discuss any complaint from the railway servants, and invariably the fullest justice was done. Travellers on the Gippsland lines con- stantly complain of the very dirty state of the railway carriages, and from our own experience they do not complain without good cause. We mention this in the hope that the officials responsible for this unastis- factory state of things will take the hint, and prevent further complaints. During yesterday afternoon several tads c were amusing themselves Iy discharging itearms at the wildfowl on lake Guthridge. They were concealed amongst the trees in a the gardens, anil appeared very anxious to I make a good record. As shooting is pro- I hibited within the borourh, it wouldl be as well if some steps were taken Iy the a police to put a stop to this very objection- a able practice. . a " An Easter Holiday in Gippsland" is the hleling- to a- cntribution in last week's I " Leader" from the pen of "The 1Vagbhond.' t It is very interesting reading and concludes t with the followirg setitence:-"' And what are theartiticial glories or Blackpool com pared to the Natordl beauties of Gippsland scenery :!" A conple of Traralgon residents interested I in the Moe Coal Co. visited the mine the i other day, according to the "Record," andl saw enough to convince them of the fact that the future prospects of the shareholders + are extremely good. They were courteously received by the manager, Mr Deey, and were i shosan over the wol kings, and were much in- I terested in what they saw and theinforrmation t they'gained. Since that gentleman assumed I control he has been enabled to reduce the I working expenses considerably, and is rais ing as much coat with the. i men now em ployvil, as he did with the 72 formerly en gaged, and has affected arrangements where. .by,tlie coal got -is clean and good, and by a system of screening he saves in small coal about= a t to every fourteen trucks. For the first time in the history of this mine there will be'a sfioll dividend available at the next meeting which will be held in about six months time. Mr Devy, who has had a lengthy experience in coal mines, both in Englad:and :America, speaks most en couragingly of tile prospects of the Moe mine, and predicts that when certain dis abilities now existing are removed that the riturns will be very good. It is expected that when the Bairnsdale line is opened that theRailaay. Department will take shout S00 tons a month. We learn that more of the coal has been sent to Sandhurst, andt a truck to Warrenheip. -What might have proved a inost serious accident happened to Mr A. Burbank, a visitor from Melbourne, in thie vicinity of Roredale on Monday. He in company withseveral others was being driven in a buggy with a pair of hIorses fromn Wilung to Roselale when ione horse biting thE" other, the latter ran off and the vehicle came in con tact with a tree. The pole got broken and the force of thie collision threw Mr BHurbnk and a companion out of the trap thie former gentleman sustaining several very nasty injuries. An accident fortunately not attended with very nerious injuries happened to Mr Wom. Page, cabdlriver, on Friday last He had taken a cab Ioad of passengers to tile oteamrer which wsas lying at thIe south approachlr to thre Unionl -BLridge, and when standing between Messrs Clues andi Pimn's bus andit his own vehicle one of thie animals attachred to the ibus lashed out violently, striking Mr Page ir tile jaw and inflicting a nasty wound. Thie force of thIe blow hurled him against the icabl amnl Ie receivedl furtlher injuries to his arm and ribs. The injuredl man was at once cenveyedL to'Mrs Thomas' Victorian Hotel where hle was attended to. He is quickly recovering from the effects of the accident. An issue or two tack we had occasion to call attention to thie disgrsceful state of the dlrains in Foster-street. Since then ourat tention has been directed to similar nuisances inuother partsoof the towni. It is surely somerone'n duty to se that this is put a s tp to. We have been told that it is not thie Isoroughl counidls busineos to attend to thesoe matters, but thie local Ioard of health should certainly do so, and that body hap pens to be the Sale borough council. A visitor to Sale from-r representaative of the central board of hellth would probably Iarve tile effect of workingilthe fnecessary change. Thie body of a man who was foend dead in Ibedl at thie larondot andi Csrnarvon hotel, Flindes aireet, on Saturday, ihas been idea: tiftled by his relatives pa that of James Siuclair Forgus lroipire; h leara of age who resided at Riedale, Gipplahtud. The deceased (says the "Herald"l) was a widower and'a printer ry tridd.. Itis said that he was a great great grandJfather. The ~Villiartowaelg usiiidail is to be tlorrmghly invuestigat?ed y the Vietolian lIowing Associatido. :A pefal meetinrg of tile Committen of the Assuciatiou has been ?naveticd for thian evrnug lo tire pupose The sotieo paper astf ?atli that the basinsea is to. moarfde-' statnant _.whieh nave ap peared in the ".Ienl;'altOW" e p r reflect ing on some menilsers of the Willlimstown Senior Eight, andl to sile,what action tine Committeeahall takein-the matteri." The Williamstown Club have failed to deal with Sithie affair, and tire action of the Association in hnow taking it up is to be highly com mended. .. ......- Mr Robert Goodwin ha Is cn bees appoint'ed "Collector of Imposts" for the purpose of collecting territorial revenue at Toopibbie. The meeting hell in the Towsn-hall Sydney, on Saturday night. for the purpose of hear ing thllohjects aul aims of the Australian Natives' Aisociatiosi explained by Mr J. L. Purves (the president), and other membenrs of the assnciation in Victoria, was of a most encouraging character. The hall was well filled by about 800 persons, principally young men, owho.accorded the Victorians a hearty reception, anil listened with deep interest and apparent sympathy to the various speeches. On account of the abjsence from Sydney of the Mayor, and the inability of the association to obtain any prominent New South Wales native to preside, hlr Purves had to take the chair. He occupied fully an hour in dicaling with the misstatements which had appeared in the Sydney press cleculated to throw discredlit os the associa tion, and in explaining the objects of the association ilnd the aspiratiors of it's mem. b-rs. He was cheered to the echo when he I declared that one of the principal objects of the body was to sweep away ohl world pre judices and narrow provincial and sectarian feuds, and bring together all Australians, irrespective of class or creed, to work for the common wea, andi not for any indieidaal state. Another enthusiastic ontlsrst greeted, him when he foreshadowed the creation of federated Australia into an empire, andt ex- t pressed the hope that separation from the t mother country would not colne too soon, or be brought about by any sudden disruption such as that which tore asunder the Ibolsds of national affection which holut for ever have bIsund together England and Americs. The views hesl by tile members of thel association regarnling national defence, the Chine-e questicn, isltercolonial free trade, t antl other matters of national import were a explained and generally well received, and t the sentiment 'Aus.stalia for the Aus tralians" was esnthusiatically taken up. Messrs Field Barrett, A. J. Peacock. and James Moloney also addressed the meeting, and after the speeches were concluded a large number of those pesent enrolled these selves as members of the Australian Natives' Association, with its hedqluartersinSydney. In addition to these folly 200 members of the defence forces, not hi camp, have signi fled their istention of joining the association. and promises of support are being received on all Ihands. t The. statutory number of inhabitants in the following licensing districts has been determined by the licensing court as follows: i -Palmerston, 390; Alberton, 2,523; Tarra rile, 723 ; Wootlside, 1000; Omeob, s184; ; Tongio, 525. air Gillies has forwarded to the Premiers of the other Australasian colonies a circular letter, which embodies an important pro posal for the settlement of the Chinese question. The conclusions arrived at by the Chinese Ambaseadors W`ih visited Australia during the past year have been furnished to the Chinese Minister in London, who has since appealed to the British Government against the injustice of the restrictive legisla tion enforced by colonial l'arliamensts to prevent Chinese immigration. The Secre tary of State for the Colonies forwarded copies of the Chinese Minister's despatch to the colonies, ant asked the tGovernments interested to sta te the reasons which led to the passing of such measures. Sir Gillisa now suggests that it is probable more can be done through tine medium of dip lomacy than by drastic legislation. In stating his propositios, Mr Gillies cn tends' that it can hardly he assumed that the Government of Chiina can really regard with very much concern t the question whether or not a few thousands d of its people leave China for Australia. On the contrary, M.r Gillies holds that the t interests of that Government would he to retain its population, and therefore, he re garls it as probable that Her Majesty's Government can in return for some slight e concession made to Chin l facilitate the sign ing of a treaty with that power soismewhat similar to the treaty recently concludled be twreen China and the United States, by which Chinese immigration into the States will cease for a period of 20 years. Mr Gillies will await replies to his memoraudumn from the othtr colonial Governments before fur nishing an answer to the Secretary for the colonies. It will be learnt with regret that His Excellency the Governor, although progres- t sing favorably from the effects of a fall whichi he received at the military eneampment oni Saturday, is suffering from a fractured rib. On Sunday he suffered considerable pain, and, after careful examination it was believed t a rib war broken. This belief wasconfirmed. at a consultation held on Monday afternoon between Dr. Turner and Sir T. N. Fitz gerald. These gentlemen hope, however, that His Excellency may be well in two or three week's time. Easter Monday at tihe encampment at Langwarrin was a day of hard and solid work. The infantry paraded in the morning, and devoted the whole of the forenoon to brigade drill and light infantry movements, itn the afternoom being marched to Itaxter's Flat, where, in concert with tile cavalry, a Nordenfeldts, and field artillery, a sham t attack was made upon a woodeda position to the north west of the racecourse, near where the final stand was made at the sham fight last year. The mounted rifles practised re connaissance duty in the morning and out. post sluty in the evening. About S00 men left for Melbourne at the close of tile day. t The chief sensation of Mondlay at Mel bourne was in the manoeuvring of the naval forces at the Heads and in the Bay. Three a of the vessels, the Victoria, the Albert, and the Gannet, were placed under Captain Fullatton, and sent outside the Heads, to t return as a hostile squadron, at any time between 10 o'clock on Sunday night and 4 [ on .Monday morning. Captain Fullarton dis guised his vessels, and between 2 and 3 1 o'clock in the morning, was successful, not t only in passing the forts, but in getting I through the sdefence lines and reaching Hobsoqg' Bay. On the way, too, he cap tnred t o of the smaller defending vessels. It is satisfactory, however, to learn that the defending fleet gave chase, and disposed of the intruders before they could do any damage. .. A leading member of Parliament (accord ing to an exchange) is reportedl as having stated :-" I hear on the very best authority thlat should the Government tind themselves in any difficulty the Premier intends to try and frighten the House into submnission with threats of what they may expect shoult Sir Bryan O'Loghlen return to power. We are not going to be frightened, however, by thisI or any other bogey. The Government do not seriously mean to propose a revised tariff. The alterations they will suggest will not be of the firstimportance. Anticipations that they will break up on tile revisicn of the tariff are atfault. I think their roil way administration a much mIore likely subject. for that will mot certainly be attauked in a way it has never been before, andi theaeruns tions to be malde are too significant to be readily answered." The last of the series of local option polls for this year was held at Castlemaine on Saturday, a large majority of the voters declaring iu favour of the existing number of hotels. The history of the Jackson's Reef gold mine at Kimberley, Western Australia, says tle " Leadler," affords an illustration of the glorious uncertainties attendant on min ing speculation. A company was formed in Melbourne about a year ago for the purpose of working thle line of reef in this distant district, to which recent gol dliscoveries had drawn attention. The purchase was com pletes on the strength of favorable reports from three mining experts, machinery was despatehed, and the lsarea ran rapidly up wards in a rising market. Suddenly, when hopes were at thle brightest, andI share holders were iindulging i Aluoschar like visioons of prosperity, came a telegram from the mining manager which, like a cruel ghost, nipped all those hopes in tie' bud. air Hartrick condenined the mine as utterly valueless. Down 'tombled thie shares from 25s to Is, nands :luny shareholders, anxious to get quit of any liability, parted with their scrip for a few pence. It seemed as if thle Jaksoa's reef Company were well nigh defunct. 'N'ot luong after, however. a more favourable telegram was received fruom SMr Hartrick, and from Mr Carr-Boyd, and other persons who were visiting the mine, still more glowing tidinis'wre obtained. :This week the shareholders have met together to hear I what Ir Carr-Boyd and his omnlpanions, now ryturned to Melbouarne. have to .say. And Sundoubtedly their say is a remark;ble one. S Mr Carr.Boyd afmins the reef is as rich as ever,and, in support of his statement, pro duced soisse specimens which, having been -refused hy iartrie, he fronty admits he took away without his kinowledge. Mir I Ernest Giles and others of his companions corroborated the statement as to the richness . of the reef, and deolare thleir belief that the I property will pay well for development. 5 Their statements certainly place the conduct \- of Hartrick in a peculiar hight; but, in his absence, judgment will be suspended. In Sthe meantime, the shares have again risen in the market, and the hopes of shareholders also, George Binghatm, 10. yds, started at 3 to I on for the Easter Gift at Stawell, and won easily in litbsees. He also won thie Jubilee Handi,-ap. At the Moe sports held on Mlonday, A Doughlrty won the chief event, J. M'Led the Handicap Hurdle Race, and F. Care the Consolation. Quoita (IS yds) Jno. Horrocks first, atnl ,uoit (12 yds) D. Hume first Euhgcnie was Icked down to three to one for the Moonee Valley hurdle race on Sattr day, but she ran off. It is understood that thist mare has been leased by a Melbourne racing maul for some time past, and that the lease having now' terminated, she will cun only in the interests of her ltairons0ale Numerous correspondents of the .lewi-h papers writing from Jerusalem hear testi monyy (says the " Daily Newst") to the ex ceptionally harsh treatment of the Jews at the hands of the Turkish autlhrities. " Palestine, the Itoly Mother," as one of the writers says, " is casting out her chil dren who come to visit her frton afar, andI .Jerusalem closes her gates against thetl." The Government hare issued orders for biddling foreign Jews who are new arrivals in the Holy Land fr,mt staying there longer than thirty days. Palcstine, says these tryantical rulers, '[is a country of holy places and ancient tombs and not of commerce;" and to visit these places thirty lays are considere more than enoagl. As a result, it is said. trade falls off an l financial afairs sufftter; bat still the Jewish emigration is discouraged while the Christians, particularly those of the Greek Church, and the Mahomlmetlans are treated rery differtntly. Yet in Pales title, as elsewhere, tlhe Jeisal settlers appear to be good subjects, anl sober, orderly. in dustrious people. Frtunately, the Jews number among them throughout the world powerful and influential perston who cannott be indifferent to the wrongs and hardships inflicted on their co religionists in the East. Though the poor and oppressed Jews have lost a noble and energetic defender in the venerable Sir Moses Montefinre it would be strange if theydo not soon find friends able and willing to bring their caseto the favour able notice of the Sultan, and to enlist on their behalf the sympathies of civilised nations. The following from the "St James' Budget" will be of interest to mining people: \- Ae" A?ision given the'other day by a divd sional court is of enormous innoortance to the large class of the public who do a little Stock Exchlange speculation with tlhe assistance of 'ottaidebrokers.' Thelplaintiff had bought some slhares in the hope of a rise, which duly happened; and had deposited £40 ' as cover,' in case of loss, with the defenldants who were otsidle brokers. Ie failed to obtain from these brokers, either; his' profit or his cover, and when he sued for them was met by the defence that the transaction wtas pure gambling and therefore that the debt was not recoverable at lawr. A jury awarded him his money ; but the divisional corst has now ordered a new trial. cn the crouud that, if the plaintiff merely intended to ply 'differences,' the transaction was a simple wager and the plaintiff had no'remtedy. From this it would seem to follow that, if outside brokers choose to raise the plea of gamning, they cat deal with their clients on the ancient principle of 'Heads, I in ; tails, I don't lose.' The clients ought to know this." Major Templar, owho has been arrested on the charge of divulging military secrets to a foreign Government. is an oilicer of some note. He hadl charge of the bat oan opera tions in the Soudan, andt his zeal and skill in the application of aeronautics to nmilitary purposes led to his being made second in comnmand of the department which has been organised with that object at Chatham. In the course of his ordinary dnty the Major his had to conduct a nunmber of experiments with the view of ascertaining the best pos sible form of balloon, and the most effective means of controlling the movements of a balloon when up in the air, and he appears to have regarded certain valuable results of these experiments as his own property. At all events he now lies under the very serious charge of having cmmutnnicated these re sults-which were really in the 'nature of State secrets-to a Governmelnt other than that ofthe Suvereign whose uniform he wears and whose pay Ihe has received for very many years. 