V : BUSSELTON ANGLICAN'CHURCH CON^I&T.; " ^ v« To VHB Epi«OB.:>fy!»! x0.f' Sra,—-In my fast letter I bite quoted and explained .tl^e ^BasQps for which* the Catholiq Churehfpannot be cennuied as heretical or^chismatic &1 for re- baptizing A.nglicftn Convert®. -In ray present letter. I prove, both froniLHoly Scripture and&btQ; history, that the " Bqman Catholic Church is the true Catholic Churbh, to the abso lute'exclusion of all other Churches, and that in this Church alone is there salvdtion, and in no other Church "— always excepting the case of these " many very estimable personswho ■are "inculpably" out of it,- as J ekplained in my second letter. From Holy Scripture we know that to ,the Catholic Church, that ,is to the Church of Peter and his' successors (Which Church was at a'given period destined to be called' Roman on ac count of Peter having iu due time to fix. His See in Borne,) Christ entrust ed the preaching of His Gob pel, the propagating of His doctrine, and the guiding and feeding of His whole Jlppk,: the faithful through the whole ' \f6fld. " And as it is "evident and. most certain" from the same Holy Scripture, that He never did institute or establish any other Church besides this' one Church which he confided to Peter, it is obvious that the " meahs of salvation " He has left to men are to be found in this one Church alone, which alone he has instituted, and in none of the many Churches established by '■ Kings or other men in aftertimes. To this Church, and to it alone,'iu th ; persons of the Apostles, He gave the charge of converting all nations, 'ahd gathering them int'6 " one fold \ Uf^der one'Supreme Pastor," Baying to (hern; "All power, is given to me in heaven and m earth. Going there fore, ' teach ye all nations, baptizing tT.erh iti the name of this Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy' Ghost; teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you; and behold I am with you all days even to the consummation of the world. 'f—Matt. XXVill, 18, 20. Again He said to them : " 1 will send you a comforter, the Holy Ghost, and He will teach you all things." " He that believetb and is baptized Bhall be saved, but he chat" believeth not shall be condemned," " Receive ye the Holy Ghost; whose sins you shall forgive, they are forgiven, and whose bins you shall retain, they are retain ed " " He that heareth you heareth me ; he that, despiseth you, despiseth me." " As the Father has sent me, so I send 'you." And to Peter He said : " Thoii art Peter, (a rock,) and upon this rock I will Iniild my Church, and the gates of hell shall uot pre vail against it; and I will give to thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven, and whatsoever thou shalt bind. upon .earth, it shall be bjound also in heav en,'and whatsoever thou shalt loose upon ear£h, it shall be loosed also in heaVeh;' feed thy lambs, feed my sheep." Again He said . " By this jshail all men knp.w that you are my disciples, if, yojailove one another, as I'have loved you." And He 'prayed .tb His Father for them: "Father sanctify them in truth. Thy word is |;ruth; as Thou hast sent me into the fvorld, I have also sent them into the World. And not for them only do I pray, but tor ,those also who through their word ■ shall: believe in me, that they may.att be. one, as thou, Father in me, aud I in thee (are one,) that they also may 'be one in us, that the world may believe that thou hast sent me. And , the glory that thou hast given me, t have given to them, that they may be one, as we also are one." —Matt: X. l(j; XVI. 18. John XIV. 16, XVIL 'Mark XVI. 15. ; Three things amqng others are clear; from the above words of the Founder of Holy Church. The first is that the Apostles did not assume or usurp their authority to preach the Gospel, but were duly commissioned I by Christ to go and teach all nations, and preach His Gospel to every crea ture. The second is that a Supreme Pastor, Peter,—(and his successors -to the end of time,) was given to His Church by Christ, to guide and rule over, his brethren, the rest of the Apostles and all the faithful. And the third is that'Christ " ordained and commanded " < that his Church should hje and. remain " one and undivided to the end oj time." From these estab lished facts it again follows, #rst, that no man has any lawful right to teach or preach ike Gospel, Or to ai cruise utiyk apobolyjal or teciles^ticdf functions who/has not been duly com missioned and authorised to do-so by Peter, or ' bis successor for the time being; and secondly that, no society; of men which is not in communion with this Church " which Christ en trusted to the perpetual guardianship' of Peter c»r his eucceseor for the time being," can in any sense, be consider ed to " belong to," or to be a " branch or part" of, the true Church' of fetod. Consequently, it is evident that all who are outside the pale of this Cath olic Church should lose no time to 'be, recpnciled to it This' is the very Church of their forefathers. Up to the days'of Henry Ylll., during over a thousand years after the conversion, of Englaud to Christianity, all the English nation and people had but one and the sauie religion, \yhiuh .was the Roman Catholic Refigion. All of them were in communion with- the Pope, all were going to niaBs/ and practising aif the duties of the Catho lic Religion just as the Roman Cath olics of to- day are practising ,them. What was done before Henry VIII. by all Christians in England should be done not? as it was done, then.' God has permitted no' change nor divisions at any time. But now .as ever He warits His Ob ttfch/toVbeime and undivided to the end of the world. He wants the, Unity fo i>e jfeitpred which was torn asunder bo wicked men. -^From History, as 'well' as ' frb'm Scripture, the an me Catholic' truths are manifest. .. The < Christian—viz. the Catholic, or Boman Catholic—■ Religion, 8ay Hildas, the British; his torian, began to make its. appearance in England, about the~year 61." Ac cording to Bede, in jtbe tyijjtr 182 Pope Eleuterius, at the request of Lucius, the British King, first took measures to spread Christianity in England, and from that time up to the year 1531, when England .was separated from the communion of the Pope, no other religion was known in the three kingdoms of England, Scotland and Ireland but this religion of Pope El euterius and his successors, viz. the Roman Catholic Religion. Nbw this separation of the English Church in 1531 from the communion of the Popes, viz., from the Catholic Church, was effected not on account of any errors of the Catholic Church or of any Pope, as some of our Protestant friends would fain have it that it was, but was caused and effected; by the lust and, impiety of King Henry VIII. The testimonies of learned and holy men, who were eye-witnesBes of the eventB of those days, afford us irre fragable evidence that it was in very deed so effected. Let one of them speak for all—When Henry had now determined with an iron', hand to " compel the clergy and the nation " to acknowledge him as " Supreme head, pf the Church"' in 'England, Bishop Fisher, at the time Bishop of Rochester, a most holy and learned man, finding that some of his brother BisbopB were half inclined to yield to the command of the King, either through fear of their lives, or possibly because they had' hot fully understood the nature and import of the t" Act of Supremacy" to .which they were re quired te assent, gravely warned them in convocation assembled. And from his words on that memorable occasion anyone can easily understand whether or not the English people of that time held that the " Roman . Catholic Church was indeed the true Catholic Church." He thus" addressed them: " My Lords, it is true we are under the King's lash, and stand in need of the King's just mercy and clemency. Yet this argueB not that we should therefore do that which will render ns contemptible to all the Christian world, and hissed out of^ the Society of God's holy Catholic Church. Where fore, my. Lords, Iqt ub jicontddfer jwhat, w6 do, and what we are to grant! As concern jug the.first point, viz>, what the supremacy is which, we are' to give to the King, it is to exercise the spir itual government of the'Church iu Chief, which according , to all that I have ever learned, bofjb^in the Gos pel and throughout |^^|^e course 'of divinity, mainlyJMn^^e in these two points—loosing and hind t.f''11 i'j<n /• ' ! ■' *' >!! ' • • l. ing sjnneps, /according fa that ylvcn our Saviour said up to Peter wiicti He ordained him Head, of Hi* Church, viz.1,' 'to thee will I give the keg* of the< kingdom , of, Heavenf ■ Now, r my Lords, can we say to the king, tibi, to /Am will I give the-keys,of the king dom, of Heaven ? If you»say yea, where is your warrant r If you Bay No, then, you have answered your selves that you cannot put Buch. keys into, his hands.' Secondly, tho Su preme government of the Church consists in feeding Christ's sheep and .1 ambs-according unto that time .when Our Saviour .performed that promise unto Peter, 'making him Univeraal Shepherd by spph unlimited jurisdic tion, Feed my Lambs ; apd not only, so hut feed those that are the feeders of those lambs, Red- my ' Sheep. Now, my Loru^j, can any of us .say . to I'!© King, Feed my Sheep f thirdly, \?e cahnot grant this unto the King but we renounce odr unity with Sorao. We forsake1not simply Cleinetat Yli., but the first four General Counci/s, all' Canonical and ecclesiastical. laws of the Church, 'all" other Christian ''princes, the unity of the Christian world, and leap out of Peter's ship to be drovirned iij the wave of all here sies; sects, schisms, and divisions; 'and. how for us to shake oS our corp munion with that Church (the Kotoaft) either we must, grant that the Chbrch of Borne be the Church of God or a I'malignant Church'. If .yon njiBirhr ■SHfi is of Rod, bbw ctin We forsake her ? If ire answer she is a malignant ;C,hurcb, tl en ty wilj (follow that rre» the inhabitants of th,is island, baye not as yet' teemed the triiefaith iof Christ, seeing 'that1 we hare i not re ceived any other doctrine, any other Sacraments than what we have re ceived' from her. Thus is the graft ing of the Supremacy to the King, a renouncing of this Unity, a tearing of the seamless robe of Christ asuudhr, a dividing of the mystical body of Christ (His spouse) limb iroiu Utub; and, tail to tail, like Sampson's fcxe«, to set the field of Christ's; holy Churfch all'onlfire. And this is what you are about; wherefore, let it be said'to you'in time add not too latet Look you to that."—(Life of FiBber, Lewis, p. 58, Vol. II.) Shortly alter the delivery of the above admirable add reus, > the holy bishop was imprisoned and beheaded foil refusing to acknowledge the King's " Spiritual Supremacy."— Here I would fain beg our Protestant friends to read over aiid over again, and seriously ponder upon the words of this1 Holy Bishop and martyr, and see what a terrible calamity he tells us it -is to be living outside the " unity of the' Roman Catholic Church."' Ana not with his words only, but also by his. iexample noes he speak on this point, preferring, as he'did, to lay Ms meek Under the axe and die, rather .thati forsake this divinely ordained -unity !of the Church of Hod, mindful as he was, of the warning of Christ tOiir. Lord: " Fear ye not them that ■kill thlB body, and art not able to kill the soul: but .rather fear him that cab destroy both soul and body into hell."—(Matt. X. 28.) And noWi after all 1 have quoted and recorded in this and in my pre vious letters,'.shall our ( Protestant friends still wonder >why we, Catholic priebtB} 'can never test nor cease to speak aloud" so long ad there remafbs outside the: pale >• of the • Catholic Church " One single immortal> uoUl for which Christ died'!" • Believe me, Mr. Editor,' t / , ^ours, rery trnlj, A/J.LECAJBLB. Busbeltok, October Slut, 18&8\. A 