TA: : The ..B. ele,:of ,$an Mig . .II fo CO:CLUD:niw ',." Bofors sunrise next morning (lie lon left the Hlorseshoe V 3 Ranch. HIe had passed la sleepless night, thinking over what le had hecard, and as he placed. his , foot:j in the stirrup and mounted Rozinante, he swore' a reverential oath, that; come what might, Mirandy'should be saved. It was true le had not been well treated, either by the widder or 3tirandy, he told himself again, yet-love ycr cuemies --he'd heap coals of fire on their heads, and do them good for evil. That had been his principle, evcr since he reformed. Besides, what man of spirit and. honor could see such an outrage committed, and not inter fere? Even if the girl wiec a stranger to him, he could not do less than shoot the vil lain, and restore her to her weeping family.: But when she was his heart's-case-Mirandf L Rejoice, for the hour is at hand ! He pulled out his carbine from its holster under his leg to see if it was all right. And yet, wasn't shooting too good for a man who would, treat a woman as Bob Green was going to.treat Mirandy ? Shouldn't he be hanged? Then he examined the raw-hide lasso that hung from his saddle-horn, in painful doubt on this question. He vould intercept the party at the Monte zuma,crossing, he told himself, and show Bob Green that there was one man of honour and courage-still left in San Miguel County : and he'd do the deed single-handed; perhaps Mirandy would smile upon him a little for that-perhaps she'd-marry him. B'hold th' bridegroom cometh-- perhaps. His head grew dizzy at this thought, and he pushed his horse into a hard gallop, and rode out of sight of. the ranch. When the sun rose that morning, it lit up a perfect day.. Here and theic on the rolling mesas stood a senlinel cactus or pinion that split up-the yellow light into long lanes that lay softly on the len. As thl day grew older and the shadows shorter, one might have no ticed a small cumulus cloud in the west, hang ing close to the line while land and sky joined. This cloud grew larger and darker as it sailed up toward the zenith, and others fol lowed it uitil the blue was hidden behind the gray. Then swift zigzag streaks of gold darted from one part of the heaven to an other, and dull, rumbling peals of thunder followed the flashes. There was coming a storm in Aplil-an extraordinary occurrence in Nhw Mexico. -Doi:n the rond that skilted Los Tanos might have been seen two persons-a man and woman-riding at full speed. The man sat bolt upright in his saddle-a perpendicular line from his shoulder would have touched his hip, his knee, andlhis heel-and lie stuck as close to the leather as if he had been tied there. Beside himn galloped the woman, mounted upon a spiriled chcrult mare, which she rode oil a side-saddle. '('lonl her head she wore a huge white snombrero, tied tightly under her chin, and from beneath this her hair had slipped and Ilhung ill masses down her back.. Her riding-habit was a long flowing skirt of some dark brown material, and her left-foot-although concealed by her dress- carried a spur, with which she now and then urged her 'steed onward. The man looked anxiously up at the sky, and turning to his companion, said : ' Oan't you git a little more outenthe mare, Mirandy ? We must git across the Monte zumy bog afore the rain cosmes, if we want to git married this year. Least bit o' water there 'll make the mud too soft.' ' I don't 'low I kin do anythin' better, Bob,' said Mirandy; 'still I'll try.' She spurred again and again. To each prick of the steel the animal responded with a few vicious jumps then settled back into the lope. 'It's no use, Bob,' she said; 'I cin't git her outen this gait.' - 7'Well, we must take our chances, then,' said Bob. 'We can't turn back now; the widder 'll ;be after us in two hours with a possy." ' Before them stretched the low, flat expanse of the marsh, extending to the- tight and left for Soseveral miles. To look at, the surface-of the bog -appeared to be a hard crust, baked dry and still, and covered with a white coating of alkali, through which grew no lnanner of living plant. So parched had the laud becoime that it was split and scalced with cracks that yawned for moisture. Down through the middle of this desert Ilowed the sluggish stream that came from the Montezumna spring, a curious natural phenomenon that yielded a water as bitter and heavy as that of the Dead Sea, yet, strange to ray, nourished a row of trees, willow and pine, with lhere and there a scaly, narrow-chested cypress that grew along thle edges of the creek. These trees were the only green things for miles-the land else where presented a bare, desolate appearance. Across this bog there was a faint path which could be traversed in the dry season; Lut once let the crust become wet, and it turned to a slimy mud lhat yielded to the weight of a man or horse, aid gripped so lightly what it seized that self-relief was impossible. Just before the two riders rc:leachcd the edge of the bog, the storm which had been gather ing all tile morning, scuddenly buIrst upon them. Sharp flashes of lighrtning darted from one black cloud to anotlher-, ald luind, rumbling thunder answered the flashes. Then came the rain. The man hurriedly sprang from his horse, and, untying his 'slicker,' which he had carried tightly bound to his saddle, wrapped the huge yellow oil-cloth coat about the girl, and mounting again, pulled his sombrero down over his face. ' Val, we got to go on, Mirandy. No use stoppin' here. In half an hour the creek will be up so's we can't cross anyhow. IHow's your mare ? Skittish, least bit ? ' ' Wal, I reckon I'd better slip a hackamore over her head an' lead her, then ; jest give her si loose rein an' she'll go all right.' Thus they advanced across the bog. The. rain poured down in sheets, as it does in the tropics. The water soon obliterated the path, and the dry earth greedily drank up the moisture. The ground grew softer and softer every moment. Twice Bob's horse sank to the knees, and once the mare narrowly escaped. But at length they reached the stream that flowed throughi the marsh and gave it its name. It was perhaps lifty feet wide ; shallow, sluggish, and evil-looking, with rocky banks that gave refuge to innumerable rattle-snakes and lizards. Pausing a moment on the edge to assure himself that that his companion was all right, Bob started to ride into the creek.' ' Don't you follei me, Iirandy,' he said, 'till I pull on th' tug; the bottom's nasty 'long here, special since this rain begun.' All this time the Don had been concealed in ambush a few yards off, and dripped dis consolately in the rain which was falling. I-e !had reached his present position with. great 'difficulty. The trail across the bog was quite .utiknown to him, and he had been obliged to dis'mount and lead his horse. The storm that followed had washed out his tracks, and pre iented thobse who came after from suspecting his presence. He was too far away to hear what Bob said to Mirnandy, but lie could see her sad face-her eyes seemed big with tears -and her long brown hair, which hung down her back, resting in wet masses on the yellow ' slicker,' gave her the look of some lovely martyr maiden in the grasp of a vicious giant. He burned to distinguish himself, to rescue helpless 'irginity .from the power of the monster. Not only was hero an innocent female being carried off by force, but she was his inamorata-the Dulcinea:del Tanos whom lie had so long worshipiped; silently btit faith fully. He watched Bob ride into the stream.; ;he awv hist horse lifted off his feet, and 'carried down by the flood current; lie saw him recover his foothold again; then .e:: heard Bob shout to Mirandy : ' Go back I 'go baok I' and he realized that the horse was-fast in the bog-tor Bob was cutting him .riglht anid lft with his heavy riding whliip, while the' animal was churning the water into foam in his frantic efforts to escape. Now was the Don's chance. There was the wicked monster helpless to harm his Dulcinea, while here was le, her saviour, free aiid unfettered. So touching Ilosinante with his he el ha dashed out from behind the clhapparal, and rode straight at Mirandy. She gave a little scream when she saw him coming; it was not like Mirandy to indulge in such feminine weakness, but just then her nerves were quite upset. Tihe Don endeavored to reassure her. ' Fear not, maiden-fly with me. I will save you,' lie said, and he laid his hand upon her bridle-rein. 'Halt i' cried a voice. The Don looked up, and his eye. caught sight of a shining object that seemed suspended in the air without support, like the coffin of ifahomet. It appeared to occiupy space to the exclusion of everything else, for the Don could see nothiig. but the .sinister-looking weapon, except the more sinister eye of Bob, which glistened behind it. He saw it was a pistol, and although he showed no emotion, he mentally raved at his own rashness. Ile had stupidly put his head in the lion's mouth; Bob had got the drop on with a forty-five, at ton yards. A nice predi cament truly, for one who wished to appear well before MLirandy. ' What you monkeyin' 'bout here lfur?' asked Bob, sternly, and his gray eyes. looked wicked as he snapped out his words. ' Put yer hands up--put 'ems up, I say ! The Don reluctantly obeyed. It was a most hulmiliating position lfor a knight like himself to be placed in-just as lie was about to rescue his own Dulciinea-but what could he do? iHe was not afraid, lie was simply yielding to cir cumstances-Bob's persuasive air, and six shooter-when he raised his hands and sat there on Rozinante, dripping from every angle. Bob studied the situation a moment. ' What led we better do, Mirandy?' he asked. 'I've a notion to turn( my forty-five loose into him -fur mixin' himself up in fam'ly affahirs Flow'd he get here anyway ?' ' Better get outen that quag first, Bob,' said. Mirandy, with great good sense: 'you kin shoot him most any time." 'That's 'bout so, I guess. Look here you, hie said to the Don, ' what you hangin' round here fur, anyhow ?' 'I came here to rescue Innercenc--from a villain, an' to hIave-Vengeance,' said the Don, with an effort, for hIis position, with his hands above his head, was a tiresome as well as a sidiculous one. SHaw i haw I' laughed Bob, hoarsely. ' You seem to be dolt' it in great shape. None o' that ! Put 'cm up !' he added, sharply, as the Don lowered his aching arms a little. ' al1, you are a tenucrtoot,' asun Mranay, looking at him scornfully. 'Fust place, I ain't innerccnt, an' Bob ain't a villain. We're on our way to Santy Rosy to get married !' Married ! The Don was thunderstruck. He had not expected this. It was not an abduc tion, but an elopement after all. Here was he blocking the wheels of Lovc's chariot when he believed he was pushing them out of the Slough of Despond. MIirandy going to marry Bob ! Then she could no longer be his Dul cinea ! What should he do ? At first lihe trembled with indecision and doubt, but in a moment, like the true knight he was, he bowed to the lady's choice, and saluted her grace fully. Mirandy watched his face attentively, and, as he bent forward in obeisance, said: ' I reckon you kin put up your gun, Bob He's all solid,' and Bob returned his pistol to its holster. Then the Don set manfully to work to smooth the path of true love, which thus fax had been rough enough. If he could not be the very best man, he would be the next best, and he hurriedly untied the raw-hide lasso that hung in a neat coil from the sa-dle horn, just in front of his right knee. All this time Bob had been seated on his mired horse, in midstream, quite powerless to help himself or his animal. The Don rode to the edge of the bank, and said : ' I cal'late to chuck this over ye, Bob, and git yo~outin thar. Look out!' Bob nodded his acqutieEenOce. SVery deftly the Don swung the loop about his head, opening it at each turn with a gentle movement of his wrist; then, when it had acquired just the right momentum, he let it slip from his hand. It went weaving and twisting through the air, and settled down over Bob's shoulders. Taking a turn of the free end about his saddle-horn, the Don backed Rozinante away from the stream, and in another second Bob, wet and muddy, stood by. Mirandy's side. The Don did nothing by halves, and when he saw Mirandy jump to the ground to greet her lover, he discreetly turned his head aside, and endeavored, though ineffectually, not to hear the sounding smack that followed. That little matter over, once more he swung his lasso, and once more it shot snakily through the air. This time the open loop dropped over the head of the horse. Now the don had his hands full; the animal reared, and struggled, and snorted, but the effect of the strong, steady pull was apparent in time, and at last the horse stood upon the bank-muddy, trembling, and weak. About four o'clock that afternoon 'a party of three rode into Santa Rosa. In spite of their wet and bedraggled appearaneoo it was plain that two of them were in excellent spirits. The third was silent and preoccu pied. The rain had long since ceased; the warm sun had dispersed the clouds, and the blue sky was without a spot or speck. The party rode straight to the little adobe church -built years ago by an over-sanguine mis sionary, but now a long time unoccupied. It stood gable-end to the plaza, its ridge orna mented wlth a bell-tower which sheltered a voioeless bell. To the rail in front of the church were hitched three or four saddled ponies, while loitering in the shade were as many men, dressed in their best, with freshly greased boots and clean-shaven faces, that showed white by contrast with their sun burned necks and foreheads. 'Well, boys! here we be!' cried Bob, cheerfully, as he drew up. ' Everythin' all right, Bill P' ' Yes,' said Bill Ransom, as he stepped up and laying his hand on Mirandy's rein, helped her to disr ount. 'How d'yo do, ma'am ? You're lookin' well.' Then noticing the Don, he leaned over to Bob and whispered; ' Good Gawd ! Bob ! What's that ? Some new kind of fam'ly ghost P' 'He's my hated rival,' said Bob, compla cently; 'an' he's goin' to give the bride away, owin' to the unavoidable absence of her mother.' Hero he winked at Bill in a very facetious manner. ' Give us all away, you mean,' growled Bill. 'Looks 's if he'd bin locoed,' but no one seemed to hear him. 'Wal, come on now, boys,' said Bob, as he gallantly tucked M3irandy's arm through his. ' Come along ! Less get this little exper' ment over. Is the Hon'able Justice Parker on deck an' sober, Bill?' 'The Hon'ble Justice Parker, I regret to say,' said Bill slowly, 'is on deck-re-mark ably so-but far from sober. He attempted to clean out the " Maverick" at exactly two p.m., an' we had to tie him an' put him to bed, where he now is, a ravin' maniao from too much strong drink.' Bob uttered a very profane ejaculation. 'Curse him! I give him five dollars in advance 'cause he promised to keep straight till after the weddin'.' he said. ' What we goin' to do ? Tom Davis an' the widder 'll be here in an hour with a possy, an' I want to git married 'fore they come. There's sure to beo a fight, an' I want to leave Mirandy all right in case I git hit.' The Don stopped forward. ' If you're lookin' far some one to marry ye,' he said, ' I reckon I kin help ye out-do good fur evil -as I'm qualified to that extent, hevin' a license to preach an' marry.' It was a very short ceremony as the Don performed it, and lie brought it to a close in a style that some of the guests thought a little abrupt. 'Walk ye in the narrer rud--I pro nounce ye both one an' the same.' . Indeed, Bill Ransom was much dissatisfied with the whole affair. 'Le's make him do it over again,' he said; -'taint morc'n half bindin' as 'tis now. I could've done it better'n that myself.' But Bob would not hear of it. 'No, siree!' he said; ' we're married, an' thct's enough. There's no double or quits about this. I'm satisfied, if Mirandy is,' and Mirandy said she was, entirely so. 'An' now, gen'lemen,' said Bob, a few moments later, standing in front of the Mave rick bar, ' here's my thanks to all, an' good bye.' He slowly raised his glass, and held it an instant between his eye and the light. ' Mirandy an' I cal'late to rid over to Porty de Luny to-night; its only twenty-five mile, an' we've borrowed a couple o' fresh hosses, an to-morrow we'll go on up to my place on th' 'Lupy creek. A week from to-day we'll hey a dance, an' you're all to come. By that time the widder '11 be all solid, I reckon. I'm sorter glad we did not meet her to-day; she's so devilish sensitive she'd shot some one, sure.' As Bob and Mirandy rode away, they were sped on their journey by a salute from a dozen revolvers. Bill Ransom, who felt that he oc cupied the position of best man, was deter mined that the affair should come nothing short of complete success, and he hurriedly pulled off his huge riding-boot and threw it after them, spur and all. 'Not hevin' a slip per,' he said, ' I fired my boot-fur luck thou-h it's God's mercy it didn't hit 'em.' A year from that day saw very few changes in San Miguel County. The widder and Tom had long since forgiven Bab andMirandy, who were living at Bob's ranch on the 'Lupy creek. With what Mirand) had brought him, added to his own, Bob found himself owner of three hundred and fifty cows, which made him quite a manof property. But then, there was every reason why he should be, since he was a man of family also. ' Yes, sir; it's a boy, just as certain as the world,' he had announced at Santa Rosa; 'but he's redder an' softer'n what I sposed babies gen'rally was. I'm sorter 'fraid to touch him, fear he'll break in two, but he's a healthy breather.' This addition to ihis responsibilities made Bob more sedate and steady-going than before. He worked hard, early and late, and his only" play-time whs at night, when he took his seat by the fire and watched Mirandy and the baby. 'Lord I it's the queerestest thing, to set here an' see you fixin' that there kid, Mlirandy, just as if you'd never done nothin' else all yer life. Where ever you learned it, I can't think ;' and Mirandy would look up at Bob and smile, but not in her old coquettish way. Another expression, more thoughtful and tender, had taken its place now. She was still the same buxom, stalwart Mirandy she had ever been, but now she had a now object in life; she felt that now respunsibilities required now asnneie. I' was quite a picture to see those three Mirandy seated in a low rocking-chair before the huge, open clay fire-place, filled with a roaring wood-fire, with her baby on her lap, and Bob by her side, watching her with a smile of gratified pride, as he fussed and cooed over the boy. 'It beats all,' he used to say, ' which likes it the best-you or him-or me.' Sometimes the Donr would ride over from the Barzoee, where he was still attaohed as cook, and spend the evening. His regard for Mirandy was as dcep as ever, but since her narriage it had taken a different form, being now more of a paternal nature, for he had now come to look upon her almost as a daughter. The Don-he was still known by that name-had appropriated that little chapel at Santa Rosa, wherein Bob and Mirandy had been married, and every Sunday morning during the winter, he had ridden over from the Barzoo R3noh and preached there. His success in that direction had been no better than his attempt at cooking, but he was not oastdown, and persevered faithfully. ' San Mikell is pretty stony ground, but it aint anil rock,' be would say hopefully. The now spring opened promisingly. The price of cattle was unusually high; a very severe winter had raged over the northern ranges in Dakota, Montana, and Wyoming, and the losses among the cattle there had been enormous, in some instances entire herds having died from cold and starvation. The stockmen of San Miguel County were jubilant, for their own losses had been very few, the Barzee estimate being less than two per cent.; and, this, added to the fact that three-year-old steers wore bringing thirty-dollars, and likely to bring thirty five dollars, made every one happy, and prospectively rich. With the return of spring, as in former years, men started out over the range on preliminary surveys, in preparation for the round-up. Thus it happened that Bob left Mirandy and the baby at his ranch one morning and rode away. He had kept no assistants all winter; he did his own work, knowing it was his duty to economise for her sake, and so M3irandy was left alone, but they were neither troubled about this. Mirandy stepped out to see who it was, but not until she had shaded her eyes with her hand did she recognise the Don. ' Wal, I declar' I' she said, ' ef taint you ! Won't ye 'light F' but the Don declined the invitation, rather abruptly. 'Mirandy,' he said, ' I hearn down on th' Pecos that there was a band of Injuns ouat from th' Reservation, loose, and-' 'Injuns !' cried Mirandy, incredulously; 'why, there ain't no Injuns within two hun dred miles of this yere ! ' Ef you'd seen the things I've seen,' said the Don slowly, ' you'd say there was Injuns within ton miles of this yore-broke out of the Mesoalero Reservation-they shot at Rube Priday, an' they're runnin' off st ok, an killin' any one they kin ketch. You must git' your baby an' come with me to the Barzee till this thing's settled.' Mirandy demurred at first-' she warn't afraid of no Injuns,' she said-but the recol lection of her baby decided her, and in a few minutes they were riding rapidly towards the Barzee, twelve miles away. Very tenderly the Don carried the child, wrapped ina heavy blanket, while Mirandy rode at his side, her eyes constantly on the bundle. As they reached the top of a mesa, two miles from their destination, they paused a moment to breathe their horses. Suddenly the Don noticed a commotion in a bunch of cattle be hind him; they were running in evident alarm; then he heard a rifle-shot and then another. His keen little eyes instantly de tooted the cause of the disturbance. ' There they be! Ride! Mirandy, ride!' and away they dashed down the hill. Spur, spur, and spare not ! Ride, ride-for your lives, ride ! They had a good half mile the start, and if they could only maintain it they were safe. Mirandy's horse was fresher and speedier than the Don's, and she had con stantly to slow upfor him, but he rode steadily along, giving his entire attention to the child. And yet they had to ride carefully, too, forif a horse should step into prairie-dog's hole, or even stumble, it would be fatal. On they went through the dust-their pursuers very slowly gaining on them, and keeping up a continued firing. It seemed as if they must be hit, but they rode on and on, never swerv ing nor halting a moment. Once a rifle-ball furrowed the brim of M3irandy's sombrero; once the Don's right stirrup was splintered; but still they kept on, or, on, with the yell ing fiends bohinit them. At last they neared the ranch (the dusk was slowly turning into night), and once there they were safe, for it was garrisoned by a dozen men-good shots, well-armed, and daring, every one. As they dashed along the trail, they came to a place where it forked; the main track ran around a mess bluff and down into the valley where the house stood, but there was a shorter path, leading over the cliff, down which it was possible, with great care, to lead a horse. It was rocky and, steep, there being a straight jump of five feet in one place. As they approached the fork, the Don motioned Mirandy to take this path, and without hesitation she rode for the bluff, and disappeared over the edge with the Don close after. How they ever reached the bot tom alive is still a mystery in the county, but in front of the Barzeo Ranch. The men crowded to the door-one bearing a lantern -to see who the new arrivals were, and to learn what the firing had been about. No one suspected then that the Don had been hit ; he still bore the baby very tenderly on his left arm, while with his right he steadied himself by the saddle-horn. It was not until his charge had been transferred to M1irandy's care that he reeled, and Rube ridday had just time to catch him as he lurched heavily from his horse. As they laid him gently on the ground, he fainted and the blood welled through his lips, which he had till then kept tightly closed. They carried him into the house and endeavoured to staunch the blood, but it was a hopeless case-he had been shot through the lung. It was a solemn scene that the dim rays from the smoky lantern lit up in the Barzee Ranch that night. Around the dying man were grouped the stern-faced riders, while at his head knelt Rube, vainly endeavoring to force some stimulants past his lips. After a little he revived, and looked about him on the familiar faces. ' Boys,' he said, very faintly, ' they're safe, Mirandy an' th' baby- deliver me from mine offences-an'-forgive--' That's all. One of the men turned to the couch where the baby lay. ' He's asleep I'- ho whispered. ' So is the Don,' said Rube, as he. reverently drew the rough blanket over the poor old fel. low's face. 