How He Wo fi Her. A TALE OP QUEENSLAND. (BY " OVERLANDER.'*) On the western bank of a large river in Central Queensland the old homestead of an abandoned cattle run is still visible to the traveller from the road. The bark has fallen from the sides of the house ; and nothing remains as a witness of the past but the heavy framework and a tumbledown stake fence. Some twenty-five years ago this was the pro- perty of Mr. Windham, who took up the country, and called it 'Woodside.' At the time our story opens he lived there with his wife and only child, a daughter. Let us take a glance at his home toward the end of October, 186-. The house is built of bark and has a wide veran- dah almost hidden by a passion vine. A stake fence incloses a small garden. The home pad- dock extends for about half a mile in front of the house, and is bordered by a large lagoon, known as 'The Devil's Dip.' Beyond that are many clumps of ti- trees, and some heavily timbered country, backed by a range of hills (or ."ridges' as they are called in Queensland). But let us return to the verandah. Seated in an easy chair is a pretty girl of 18. She has deep brown eyes, an impudent-looking nose, and a mouth with a ' kiss me if you dare * expression aboutit. This is Clara Windham; and as the afternoon sunbeams flash through the network of the creeper, and light up her winsome face, it would be hard to say, just then, whether 9he was inclined to laugh or cry. The faot is, this young lady (wno is a born flirt) feels deoidedly inclined to laugh ; but, for the sake of the woebegone ex- pression in the face of a young man who stands beside her chair, she tries to look serions. At last, looking up, she says, ' Mr. Pringle, you seem to be unusually entertaining this afternoon, lt is quite ten minutes since you threw down your whip, and made a leaning post of the verandah. How did the colt go this morning ?' ' He threw me twice/ answered Mr. Pringle ; 'but you wouldn't care if he had broken my neck/ Clara laughed quietly. ' But/ continued Pringle, 'I have come to speak to you seriously. Your father has made me overseer ; and I am to have oharge of the station when he goes to Sydney with you and your mother, next mouth. Are you listening ?' j 'Oh, yes. How very delightful; but why so serious about it all, Mr. Pringle?' ' Because I hoped to-to earn your love,' he blurted out, gasping for breath, and flushing to the root.* of his hair. * My what ? Ha, ha, ha 1' Then, rising from her ohair, Clara said, 'You must not say such things to me. I like you, Tom, ever so muoh, but wo cannot be friends if you talk such nonsense. I like town and society too much to bury myself in the bush and--' but seeing his hopeless expres- sion of face, Bbe came a step nearer and said kindly, ' I am Börry if I have ever led you to Bup pose that such a thing could be. Indoed I am ;' and she, hold.out her hand; a strange smile hovering about her roguish lips. Tom grasped the hand (like a fool) Bay ing, ' I knew it was of no use ; but I could not help telling you before you went away.' 'Let ns be friends, Toni/ said Clara, 'I couldn't go away happy leaving you so-* i 'Miserable 1* broke in Tom. He looked earnestly into her face. Was she still laughing at him P Those soft, brown eyes seemed to have a hidden mirth within their depths which set his heat t on fire. As she stood there, with her hand in his, with a soft flush in her . face, Tom seemed bewitched; and, drawing her suddenly to him, he pressed a buming kiss on her . lips. Taken quite by surprise, p^or Clara didn't know whether to cry or scream. Springing away from him, her eyes flashing reproachfully, she said, ' I-I thought you were a gen'leman, Mr. Pringle! How dare you take such a liberty?' Then, ßeeing his abject look of misery, she burst out laughing, and, holding out her hand again, said, 'I can't trust you now, but let us forget all this bother. I hate worry and trouble, and-/ But Clara Windham came to a full stop ; for standing in the verandah was Brally, the black boy. He wore a red shirt and dirty moleskin trousers, some four inches too Bhort. HIB earB were pierced ; and a pipe, a very -hort one indeed, was thrust through one of them. Brally had walked on to the verandah with his bare feet, aud silently regarded the pair at the other end with undisguined wonder. «Now Brally, what's up?' said Tom. Brally shook himself as he answered. « Bit; feller mob blackfeiler »it down alonga Four-mile waterhole ; bail gammon, mas' Tom. That feller altogether plenty spear bullocky; big feller mob, plenty tire stick, plenty tomahawk' ; and be drew his finger acr/oss his head, indicative of having it cut open. 'Miss Windham, please do not tell your mother of this.' Then, turning to Brally, Tom said, ' Get yarraman, and come with me.' ' Please do not go and leave us alone, Mr. Pringle/ pleaded poor Clara, all the impudence dying out of her face. ' I must go »t once/ said Tom. . Your father will be home soon ; please tell him I have gone to the Four-mile to see what the blacks are up to.' He picked up his whip, and, look- ing to see whether the revolver he carried was loaded, went away toward the yard. Poor Clara trembled. She was always hearing of bloodshed by the blacks, and, indeed, they had lately visited nearly every station in the district. It was owing to some fresh outbreak that Mr. Windham determined to send bis wife and daughter, away. In a few minutes, Clara saw Tom and Brally canter down the paddock, pass through the sliprails, and disappear amid the ti-trees. Her heart beat fast as she saw them go. The sun had gone down, leaving behind him a red glare whioh spread over the sky and hills, tinging the tree tops with golden light, and making the lagoon look like a fiery lake. It was a beautiful evening, and as Clara stood there looking away into the hazy depths of the forest a sudden thought seemed to strike her, for she clasped her hands tightly together and murmured« ' Oh, Tom j I believe I love you after all.' She was so engrossed by this thought (the thought of giving up town and society) that she did net see her father ride up the paddock. He came up the garden, saying, ' Where's Tom, Clara ? I sent him home hours ago.' ' He has gone to the Four-mile ; and, oh father, Brally has been here, and says there area number of blacks there.' 'Curse them,' muttered Windham below his breath. He went to the hut, and telling the man to get fresh horses, came back to Clam, saying, ' Clara, dear, say nothing to your mother about the blacks. , ¡Get me a drink of something and hurry up supper. If Tom does not turn , up soon I must go and see after him.' But Tom did not turn up. Supper was over. It was quite dark, and Mr. Windnam had gone away, taking his man with him, leaving only the married couple in the kitchen to look after the placel He told Mrs. Windham that the cattle bad broken the yards and got out, and he must see to them at once. ' It is very strange, Clara/ Baid her mother, 'the cattle breaking those yards. Your father is always saying how substantial they are.' ' Yes, mother ; but perhaps these are some of the outside cattle. They are always rowdy, you know.' ' Fray, Clara, do not use such expres [ sions. You seem to devote yourself to acquiring all the,slang of the station.' Clara did not answer, and Mrs. Windham con- tinued, * I wish your father hadn't left us alone. 11 feel quite nervous. The blacks are always said to attack people just after sundown, or just be- fore daylight. Look at the fireflies, dear ; how pretty ! I have never seen them so bright be fore V. * Where ?' said Clara, trembling all over, yet pretending she didn't see them. She knew they were firesticks ; but she did not want to cause her mother anxiety if she could possibly avoid it. * But surely,' she thou ¿ht, * I ought to tell her.' ' Why, look,' said Mrs. Windham. ' Do you not see them in the ti-tree scrub over the lagoon ?' Clara's blood ran cold as she saw the red lights in tho scrub. Then, thinking it best to tell her mother the whole truth, she said, ' Mother, those are firesticks. The blacks are there, and-' ' God help us !' said her mother, as she ran to tho kitchen, and, calling out the man, said, ' Jack, tbe blacks are coming. What shall we do ?' At this moment Tom rushed up, and, seeing Mrs. Windham, said, * Where is Mr. Windham ?' ' Gone to look tor you,' she replied. * I haven't seen him. The blacks were following the creek down, making thiB way ; and, fearing the worst, I came in with Brally.' ' I have a plan.' said Tom ? ' if it fails you must make for the scrub outside the yard. Do you hear, Jack P ' ' Yes, sir? * said tho man. Tom led the way into the house, saying ' Light all the candles you can, Miss Windham ; and, as far as possible, avoid the appearance of fear.' He ran to his bedroom, and leturned with a skull. He next got the broom from the kitchen, and, tying a short stick on the end of it, thus made a cross. Then turning to Mrs. Windham, he asked for a largo double sheet and the tea cosy. When these were given to him, he sprinkled the sheet with, -water, and, shaving off some of the end of the broomstick, took a small piece of candle. He then cat two holes-in the soeet, saying ' I have playèd this game before. Do not be surprised at any- thing you see. There will be a terrible appari- tion at the lagoon. If it vanishes in silence, all is well. But if yon hear a shot fired, run for the scrub at the back of the yard/ . Seeing all these preparations at any other time would have greatly amused Clara ; :but she never even thought of laughing now.. She helped to get whatever Tom wanted,. running hither and thither; with a face as pale as ashes. Tom made fbr_ the. stake, fenoe of -the home pad- dock, and, keeping well within its Bhadow, ran down it toward the lagoon. This lagoon was a place of dread to the.blacks. They would not swim there for any amount of. tobacco. A * devil devil* was supposed to live in its waterB. Hence the name it went by, ' The Devil s Dip.' ' No doubt it was greatly owing to this fear of the place that the blacks had not paid Mr. Wind- ham's house a visit before. Cattle were often speared ; but the homestead was avoided by the black wanderers. Tom knew how they dreaded the lagoon. So he determined1 to work on their fears. .... . ??. He reached the end ot the lagoon, and, getting beneath the shadow of a tree, climbed quietly over the fence. Stooping down, he found his way to a lot of fallen timber and stunted undergrowth. Here was an old. hollow tree. He went inside this and quickly lighted the candle, and thrust it »into the neckhole'of the skull. Blowing out the matoh, he thrust .the broomstick's shaved end also into the neck-hole of the skull, having first pushed it through the middle pf the sheet. All was dark wit bin the tree, aa the skull was covered with the tea cosy ; hence the light from the candle could not be seen- Tom then'rubbed some heads of matches on the wet portions of the sheet. A blue hazy light was the immediate, result. He came , out of : the tree, removed the tea cosy from the skull, allowed the sheet to fall over him, and, getting his eyes to the peepholes he-had made in it, advanced toward the scrub, holding the broomstick against his right shoul- der. . - As Tom went forward thé firestioka began to move more quickly ; and he immediately became aware that the apparition had been observed. It waa, indeed, a terrible sight, and made the / blood of-the watchers on the verandah run cold, not- withstanding their knowledge of its origin. "What, then, must it have appeared to the blacks, as it advanced from a point only 400yds distant P A white figure, about 10ft high, wrapped about in a bluish light which varied every second. But the ghastly head was enough to make the boldest shudder. . iâ.8 Tom advanced, the firesticks ceased moving. The blacks were evidently watohing the awful spectre whichwas approaching from the lagoon. It came gliding on, the blue fire smoking and writhing in rings on its garment. Suddenly the most- awful yells rang through the night, followed by terrible sereams. Firesticks were seen drop- ping, and a rush, like the stampede of a large mob of Cattle, was heard in the scrub. Tom could hardly restrain a shout of. delight. The blacks were running for their lives befoie the Lagoon Devil. - He kept steadily oh. The screams con tinued,-but grew more-distant every second, and: finally died away altogether. Silence reigned ; and nothing broke the stillness of the-night hut the song of the cricket, andrthe croak of frogs from the lagoon. Thé candle inside the skull went out, and the spectre vanished in silence! Tom lowered his broomstick, and, rolling: the sheet round it, made-for the house. Clara was waiting for him on the. verandah^ andas he walked up_ she said,..' How can we thank you for saving our lives ?' : . ' Nonsense, Miss Windham/ said Tom, ' were you afraid of the ghost ?'. - î 'Tfe made mother, quite ill. She has gone to-lie "down i but won't you let me thank you, .Tom skid Clara, coming up to him, and holding .out her. hand. AU the fun had died out Of, her face ; and ah earnestpleadmg look was bent upon him. Torn, trembled like a giri. Was it only gratitude he. saw iu i those soft »brown eyes P . f.Clara, - my, 'WhatP' whispered Clara, and Tom felt a slight pressure of his hands. - He caught her. in his-arms, and kissed her again and again. But: Clara did not try to get away from him now, but laid her head upon his shoulder (I fancy I-.hear Mrs. Grundy say, ' Forward hussy'), a.soft arm: stole round: his neck, and a. gentle voice said,. ' -Pom; I do love you, dearly, and-- ' . : v^Bdt; what .need to say more P.. Mr. Windham soon returned, .and:when he found his. wife and daughter safe wrung Tom's hand saying, ' God: bless you; bay.v You. have been as. good as^ :a son tt>; me to-night ; but.'T know . haw- to repay you/; and a queer smile played about ..the old man's face' -r^-Ss he kissed his daughter. . \ ? ;¿ : ..#:?# ' . * - . #. ; * c it is two'years since the spectre walked along the lagoon at Woodside. Mr. Windham has sold the property and purchased a station in a more settled district. Tom liveß there as managing partner He is a hard-working, energetic fellow, is away many a morning before daylight -to the cattle camps, and seldom returns home before dark. But when he comes, someone is waiting for him on the verandah ; someone with soft, brown eyes, full of love and fun.: And as he throws down his whip, and takes that pretty, im'-; pudeut, little face in both his hands, two soft arms steal round his neck, two roguish lips are held up to. receive his kiss, and a gentle voice says, ' How late you are, dear. Supper has been ready for ever so long--' Yea ; Tom is happy with Clara now. She never thinks of town and society, but only of her hus- band, and a brat of a boy some 12 months old. She always declares that, until Tom played the ghoBt at Woodside, he never had the ghost of a chance with her. Tom laughs, and tells, her it is vulgar to make puns. But, for all that, he is too nappy with his wife to forget ' How He Won Her.' . Whoever conquers indolence can conquer mosb things.-Pitt. 