TEMPTED TO DEATH f THE ROMANCE OE TWO FAMILIES. .. BY G. MANVILLE FENN. Author of 'The Master of the Ceremonies.' ' Double Cunning,' ' Morgan's Horror,' c-te. etc. Chapter XXIX.— Blanche's LastMove. A dreary night was passing1 slowly in the fever-haunted chamber of pooV Blanche Morley, who had dozed and stak'ted again. . and again, as if in dread, for sleep came not peacefully and well. Two had just struck by the clock in the dull. old. oak-nanel church in the son are close by — the church where a dull curate preached dull sermons on Sunday afternoons to a congregation of about ten — when Blanche started and sat np in bed once more, for her door was quietly opened, and, clad in a long white dressing-gown Mrs. Levigne entered and stole softly up to her bedside. To much, alarmed to speak, Blanche sat shivering and waiting the result of the visit, while the usual fear which she had of Mrs. Levigne now seemed increased tenfold. What did she want? Why had she come to her room in the dead of night? Was she walking- in her sleep 1- Fifty questions of a snniliar nature coursed through her mind as she sat trembling, with the cold perspiration standing upon her face. ' Not asleep F said Mrs. Levigne as she stood beside the bed ; but for the moment no answer came. Are you ill, my child?' 4 No, gasped Blanche ; but why have you come ?' ' Lid you not call me ?' said Mrs. Levigne in a surprised tone 'No,' said Blanche, recovering somewhat from her tremor ; 4 1 did not call.' 4 Lie down, then ; you seem uneasy,' said Mrs. Levigne, 4 but try to sleep.' Anil leaning forward, she kissed the poor girl upon lier forehead, while Blanche, trembling still, but angry, repulsed her. 4 1 will stay till you. are asleep,' said Mrs. Levigne calmly, and taking not the slightest notice of the girl's impetuous half -wild way. 4 1 will sit here.' And she took the chair by the bed side, glancing as she did so at the medicine glass on the table, just discernible through the dim light, and as she stooped she could see that the contents were untouched. 4 Are you asleep F said Mrs. Levigne, after a quarter of an hour's silence. 4 No,' exclaimed Blanche abruptly. 4 1 can't sleep with you sitting there." 4 Tell me about Major Dean and his daughters ; what you think of them,' said Mrs. Levigne. ,, Think of them V cned Blanche : think of them as sisters ; and,' she exclaimed passionately . Mary will "be my sister, for Harris will marry her,' and she started up in . bed again to face Mrs. Levigne. ' Lie still, yon foolish, excited child,' said Mrs. Levigne, calmly. 'What if he does? |o much the better. He will marry whoever 0 pleases. Better be single,' she said, with a yP am a widow and so can speak.1 ou are deceiving me,' cried Blanche, haply, and speaking in a hoarse quick tone. ! vn can see — aH ! Do you think me a ru ecanse you call me one? Do you thtokl TWH stand by quietly and see you steal my , Published by snecial arrangement with the author. brother from me? I can see all, I tell you, and you shall not succeed ; for I will fight against you to the last.' Blanche stopped, breathless from excite ment, and half astonished at her own audacity. She had expected an outburst of rage from the woman of whom she stood so much in dread ; but to her surprise, a cold hand was laid upon her forehead, and she was gently pressed back upon her pillow; while Mrs. Levigne whispered : You foolish, romantic girl, what have you got. in your head ? You are excited and un well. Lie still; don't strive. There; Jam stronger than you, and it is for your good.' and then' there was a slight struggle, as the strong kept down the weak, and Blanche's - breath came iii panting sobs as she vainly tried; to sit up, and at last lay passively upon her pillow-. 4 You had better take a little more of your medictoe,' .said Mrs.. Levigne, quietly; and leaving Blanche, she went to the window, and drew up the blind, when the faint light from outside stole into the room, and enabled her to see to throw away the medicine already in the glass, and pour out a portion of mixture from a graduated bottle, and take it to the bedside. But no sooner had she left her than Blanche had sprung up in bed again, and eagerly watched every movement till the woman stood 6nce more beside ber pillow ; when, as the medicine was offered to her, the agitated girl stretched forth her hand to take it, as of old — but only to shudder, and snatch the hand baek once more. 4 Little coward V said Mrs. Levigne. mockingly ; 4 shall I take it for you V 4 You dare not.' Mrs. Levigne started ; but the next moment sbe had lifted the glass to her lips, when, leaning forward, Blanche, by a hasty movement, struck the glass from her hand, and it fell upon the carpet shivered, while the contents were splashed over the bed clothes. An impatient eiaculation escaped from Mrs. Levigne' s lips, and she stepped hastily towards the door, opened it, and listened. She then hurried out, walked across . the landing, and listened against the foot of the next stairs, which led to the bedroom occu pied by Harris. But all was still, though she listened intently for some minutes, even, ascending two or three of the stairs in her anxiety; when all at once she. started, for above the rustling of her dressing gown as -she was descending, and the hard labouring of her own heart, there came a sharp loud snap from somewhere below, and again she stopped motionless, and listening intently for some minutes. Her form could dimly be made out as a pale light stole through the great skylight at the top of the staircase ; but though she strove hard to pierce the gloom, nothing was to be seen, while the stillness that had fallen upon the place "seemed the more impressive after the sharp noise that had smote her car. Bounds there were, 'tis true, from down stairs ; the faint chirping of the crickets ; the loud, monotonous tick of the hall clock; while now, as she stood with oiie slippered foot half raised to take a step forward, and her hands holding by the wall to aid her silent movement, there came a sharp whirring noise, and the musical bells of the clock chimed out three -quaters past two. Theu ouce mere all was silent, and stepping quickly and lightly to Blanche's door, with. Hps compressed and clenched hands, Mrs. Levigne pressed against it ; but it did not give way. She then softly turned the handle, the loose brass ring between it and the lock rattling as she did so ; but still the door did not yield ; while now, like a flash, came across her the cause of the sharp noise she had heard — the lowering of the brass sliding bed -bolt by Blanche, so as to secure herself from interruption. In the anger of the moment, Mrs. Levigne Struck her hand against the door with a with a sharp., impetuous action, which was replied to by a low growl from the dog, which slept in the same room with its mistress,' and had manifested its presence more than once while Mrs. Levigne was in the, room by low. growls and snaps. 4 Outwitted I' she muttered angrily ; and, stealing; softly back, she again listened at the Un. d4-6!ki Vutfnra iT>f.ATnncr her nwn room and cLosed the door,, to begin pacing up and down, thoughtfully reviewing what had taken place. . 4 1 must be beforehand with lier, she muttered, and tell him my "version. She ; jwilln.ot. be down till late, and he knows how "excitable she has. been. Perhaps she will s&y; -nothing Upon the subject ;, b|it I had better speak to make siirg.' .- ; 4 Mary Dean,' she mntteted, Jifter packw backwards and forwards. fqr ,some time, tli inverted tumbler upon the water-; carafe of the wash-stand tinkling gently at every step till she .hurriedly snatched it off— 4 Mary Dean.' She paused,, and gazed straight before her into the darkness - ; > 4 Mary Dean ! " Yes, buthehasnever seen her ; and he -has felt the pressure of my -hand.' j ' No further sound was heard: for a titoe but the duflsh&ktog;'of the rOom as she pae4l hp :ihd doWh j but more than Stepped "io Hsten , both ; "by tiftF dbcr andtiie wall which separated her room from that of Blanche. Twice she started uneasily, for it seemed as if a noise could be heard in the next chamber, while certainly the dog whimpered uneasily ; aud now Airs. Levigne moved asif to go out of her room, but she stopped : 4 She lias fastened the door, and there is the bell ;' and then the room jarred again as Airs. Levigne kept on pacing to and fro. ; A quarter of an hour more pacing up and down, and then the .dull vibration ceased ; though again: and again a faint whimper was beard from the dog ; but the hand of Blanche touched no bell, while the sleeping monster, London, began to be fretful in its rest as morning approached to drive away sleep once more. . It must have been about four, when all was of a ghastly grey, that the figure of Mrs. Levigne was seen -to glide out of her room, to step listening upon the landing, and then" slowly approach. Blanche Morley's door, for the dog liad ceased his whimpering, and the whole house seemed Jo sleep. Chapter XXX. — A Death Stroke. . 4 Hist, don't make a noise,' whispered Bob. 4 I have a boat, and Dick Joyce, my mess mate. But where is your girl F Alary looked at him wildly, and then taking his hand, led him to the little side cabin and pointed. As he looked through the gloom he thought she was lying there asleep in the cot ; but Mary went close up and stooped down and kissed her softly, then sliowedhim a red stain on the sheet, and afterwards drew it carefully over the face and shut the door. Rob knew what all that meant, and shivered again ; but there was no time to spare, and he stepped to the door of the big cabin to make it secure, but found that the bolts had been wrenched off and the lock was . fast on the other side. So he stepped back, drew up the hammock, and made it fast round Alaude, for her sister would not go first. Thev trembled so that the task was a tedious one, and yet they strove their best to aid their delivers. But there was a great horror upon their spirits ; they started as if about to shriek out at each sound in the neighbouring cabin, and ah times Rob despaired of achieving the task. But Dick Joyce was below and rendered it possible, and once, the ladies were in the boat Rob quickly gathered together every thing. he felt would be of service, for there was an abundant. , supply of food scattered about the cabin. _ At last all was done, and what had been apparently the work . of an hour had only taken minutes. Rob was giving a quick glance round to see if there was anything else which would aid his flight, when he started, for there was a low sigh heard behind him, and' turning, it was to see Dick J oyce in the act of climbing in. 4 Where is she, mate ?' he whispered, and Rob pointed to tlie little cabin door. Dick went forward, stopped, groaned and then opened the door ; and Rob saw him pull aown the sheet ; but then he came out the next moment looking like a ghost, slipped from the window and was gone. 4 Now for it,' muttered Rob excitedly as be glanced round ; and be was in the act of stooping to get hold of the hammock cord, when the cabin door suddenly opened and West stood gazing ia. 4 So that's it, eh?' he said in a mocking tone, but with his lips apart, showing his white teeth, and his eyes glowing with rage in the light shed by the lamp.. 4 Poachers, eh? ."What, is it you, Rob Alartin — my dear friend V Rob stood holding by the eord of silk as if paralysed. Surprise, horror, and the thought of the peril to which the ladies would be exposed flashed across his mind, and acted upon him so that he seemed to be in a nightmare, and he stared helplessly without a spark left of his former presence of mind. 4 Not gone then, my poacher I After my pretty pheasants ? In the other cabin, are they ? Well, my friend, I am the keeper, and you know your risk.' He uttered a sneering langlij and before Rob could divine bis intention he" had taken a step forward, cocked a revolver, and fired point blank. A blinding flash— a <1 pa toning noise — the stifline smoke, and what. eomed to Rob "O J — Alartin like a keen cuttingblow, whichrouse his latent passion of rage and: hate against this man, who had stepped aside, cocking his revolver again to take fresh aim. : \- He flred, but the bullet crashed through the glass of the cabin window, which fell tinkling down, for with one bound "Rob, in his agony of rage and pain, had leaped upon him, and struck Ms long keen knife down into the wretch's breagt. It vrhs" so home a blow that; like the blade of the Roman hero, it had to. be togged; amain "to Set it free, ; ' ,. \- 4 Robmate. Quick, for :your life.? \- The words came from the window, to which Dick Joyce had climbed again to come to his companion's help. " " Rob stumbled back as if stunned' and help less, and as .he' reached the window he stooped down to gaze at the , wrifhihg; figure' of the man, dimly seen-bemeath the olohd of hang ing «moke as he turned pver and jtfk to the agonies of death at the ca?pt» tombing \babk again with a part of- it to his teeth. . ' 4 Quick,' whispered Rob," hoarsely," and as Dick glided down, Rob followed just as another shot cut the thick smoke and crashed out of the window. Another shot followed in succession, with again anothei ; but by this time Rob had fallen into the bottom of the boat, and his messmate, by a vigorous thrust, had forced the light craft several yards away.- . Sick almost unto death, and with every thing about him seeming to swim, Rob rose to his knees to the bottom of the boat, staring "Wildly back, as he slowly passed lus hands over his wet face in the horror he felt for what he had done ; but all was dark,; only they could see the lights in the stern windows a little way off. 4 Lie still and don't speak,', whispered Dick, as. he softly passed an oar over the; stern and began to paddle slowly ; while flash after flash came from the cabto windows - ia rapid succession-. . .. . j - ; - "4 Wonder what they're shooting at,- mate?' said Dick, bitterly. 4 They can't see us, P'raps-it's for practice sake.' 4 Dick,' whispered Rob, leaning towards him, as he knelt in the boat ; 4 did you see ?' 4 Yes,' said Dick, between his teeth; 4 1 saw, my lad, and I feel better now.' Rob drew a long breath as he gazed at the ship, invisible but for the cabin lights. But just then a lanthorn was seen moving here and there upon the stem, and the voice of Willis was heard shouting. 4 That will do,' he roared. 4 1 can see you, and I have you covered with this rifle.' 4 You cursed liar I' hissed Dick, in a low voice. 4 Oh, if I had the chance my mate en joyed just now ?' 4 Stop, or I fire !' cried Willis again. Dick continued paddling so softly that the ripple of the water could not be heard, but a piteous sigb came from forward as Alary clasped her sister to her breast. 4 Curse you, come back !' roared Willis again, and this time he fired, while Dick gave vent to a low sardonic laugh, for it was evident by the flash that Willis had fired at a wide angle from the boat ; and then Rob slowly passed an o.ar over the side and took his place, while Dick also seated himself ; the oars dipped, and without heeding the shouts that came from time to time and the flare that was burned upon deck the two young men rowed steadily away. For quite half -an-hour they toiled steadily at the oars till, faint and suffering, Rob ceased, upon hearing from out of the. dark ness a sweet, low, mumiuriug voice repeating words of thanksgiving for the deliverance from a fate that seemed worse than death, and when the low murmuring utterance ceased, Dick uttered the one word, 4 Amen.' But Rob spoke not. A shudder ran through; his frame as he thought of the scene within the cabin, and the hideous, countenance of the man in his death throes— the man he had slain. They rowed on once more farther and farther, with the heaving sea as smooth as glass, but the blackness was as nothing to that in the heart of Rob Alartin, while before his swimming eyes there he saw a lurid light of glistening blood ; and as he bent to his oar there was ever the one thought that he had killed this man — righteously, perhaps ; but there was the memory of that desperate revengeful stroke . for ever dragging him down. Where they were going, or to what direction, did not seem to matter ; for they were to the same straight as "King David of old — they had the choice of falling into the hands of men, or into the hands of God. With Him there was mercy ; so on they rowed, hour after hour, right away into the thick darkness, where all was silent as the grave, not even the faintest sigh of the wind to be heard, not a dim star to be seen— but. all thick, black, and impenetrable, like a huge wall, that always went back as they advanced ; while the water lapped gently beneath the bows of the light craft. Chapter XXXI. — 4 Harry, I Love Her?' 4 Well ?' 4 Miss Blanche, sir ! please, sir 4' eried an agitated voice for the landing outsid Harris Morley's room. . . 4 Well, what about her?' shouted Harris. 4 1 can't wake her, sir ; and I'm afraid something's the matter.' 4 Pooh ! nonsense !' eried Harris, hastily beginning to dress. 4 Gall Airs. Levigne, and ! ask her to go.' 4 Please, sir,' cried the girl, to whimpering ; tones, 4 1 have, sir, and I can't make her ; hear, neither. : I've been knocking for long enough at both their, doors, and can't get an answer; and. there must be something the matter, for Aliss Blanche's: little dog keeps on howling- so that -you can hear humhere; sir..l -I / i. . . : ' The longr diawii, ,fatot howl of the little dog which always slept to: his sister's , room supported the girl's assertioif moststrangely, and made Harris Morley hasten- his dressing. 4 Go and knock again at : both doors,', he said ; 4 perhaps they will answer now. If not, I shall be. dressed to a minute.' _ . Directly after hecould hear the tapping of the giri's knuckles against first one door and then the other ; but apparently there was nO response; though the maiden's, .ill-'sueeess troubled rhtoi very little; for he -merely thought that : his sister was sleeping a trifle longer than usual ; while as forMr$. -Levigne, as soon as her form filled the scope of his " mind, his thoughts became a very chaos, wherein seemed jumbled together his. love, his duty, and the many, scenes of his life wherein Mrs. Levigne had played a prominent role. - He Was just slipping on his. coat, when he heard a whispering. outside, the door, .-and. on ; throwing it open, found ; the cook and' the housemaid looking pale and sacred. : 4 Here, stand -on one ;eid.e !' said Harris, - hurring down two stairs -at a time to the second floor, and knocking sharply at his sisteris room. 4 Here \ Blanche ! Blanche ' , he cried, and the answer was a doleful, long- drawn howl from the', dog, whose nose seemed just inside tiie door.; : ; , . 4 Bianche ! Blanche ! '_ he cried agate , - striking lustily with his fist on ; the pan£l4 and then going, to Airs. Levigne's door on same landing,.; where he tapped gently with his knuckles. . ,'AIrs: Levigne ! Mrs. Levigne !' he said to .a low tone at first; and ? then loudly. ; but there' was. no ' answer. ; 4 Hester !' he cried then— 4 Hester J' and his- voice rose, and he struck heavily upon her" door, while the two servants "looked mean-; togly at one another, and from; the adjacent room came agate the long, low, dismal howl of the dog. 4 It's very strange," cried Harris, hurrying to his sister's room once more, and rattling the handle and shaking the door as he called loudly again and again, to receive no further reply than that given by the dog, whose howl seemed to change into a moaning sob as tbe poor beast snuffied at the bottom of the door and began scratch ing as if trying to tear its way out. 4 Blanche ! Blanche ! Blanche !' cried her brother once more ; and then receiving no answer, he turned the -handle and pushed heavily at the door, so that it creaked and gave way a little. ' 4 Does my sister fasten her door ?' he said, turning to the maid. 4 Only sometimes, sir, with the bed-bolt, sir, which she nulls ud when I take her warm water of a morning.' 4 Stand back, then,' lie exclaimed ; and, going to the full extent of the landing, ho was about to rush against the door, when one to his left opened, and the scared countenance of Mrs. Levigne appeared, pale, her eyes dull and red of lid, while black circles were round them,: - ' ; . _ 4 Oh, come ! here's one ; of the sleepers awakened ! "We thought something was the! matter, Mrs.; Le\f gne,"' "eriecl Harris.. ; 4 But here's Blanche gone into .a trance, ap- ; parently.' . ; - " . _ It was evident -that .something ; was the: matter, for .Mrs." ..Leyigbjec- .stared; at him heavily, and passed her hand across her fore head as if to clear away a mist that clouded her understanding ; .- she sCemed like one awaking from a stupor produced by. some powerful narcotic,! and her words were dis jointed and strange, 4 What is it?' she said- at last; and then thought seemed to comeback with a flash. 4 1 slept badly till four this morning,' she stammered. 4 1 had toothache, and took some laudunum to stop it. I suppose it affected my head. But is anything the matter?' 4 Why,' said Harris, smiling, 4 I'm afraid that poor Blanche has Kad a" similar fit, for we cannot arouse her either;' and he went and knocked heavily at her door one more, Airs. Levigne hastily smoothing her hair, and arranging the dressing-gown she wore, while one of the maids noticed that -she had evidently not been undressed.; In the meantime Harris beat heavily at his sister's door, till, finding his efforts vain, he rushed against it, the brassbolt giving way, and the poor dog being dashed howling yards into the chamber, where it stood whimpering with a broken, leg. ... But the dog was unnoticed,- for Harris Morley ran to the light undraped bedstead, closely followed by Mrs. Levigne, whose foot Crushed some broken glass upon the carpet r and there lay Blanche, her head thrown back, and bier lips apart; apparently sleeping soundly. 4 There, rouse her up, Mrs. Levigne,' said Harris, with a smile, turning to leave the i room, and stooping to pick up the dog, which looked pitifully to his face, and: held up the broken paw towards him ; bat, changing his mind, he stepped back to the bed, stooped over it and gently pressed his- Hps upon, tiie pale cheek, to start back with a bitter cry, and look aghast at' first one and -then another. 4 She's dead !' he gasped, tearing down tiie bed-clothes, mid laying Ms hand upon her; heart; 4 dead, Mr3. Levigne l Here,.hrip 4— a doctor ! And he tore wildly from the rocun, leaving the women standiug horrified around the be<R Foruwaa. ho I as was declared lay the doe vlnhseed the hasty summons of her brother. ,; . 4 Dead, sir. Rassed away gently tor-her sleep. . 4 But of; :.at1rr:gk69l::;Rie stricken brother; .-while |jOT|gaaF\lid.d her breath, as,, with -Skfc awaited the reply. - : Li Diseased hear fc most;. decidedly, said the doctor. Wo but for -the attenfeoS Ofed received, this would hayy haihfened'CTTOer . 4 B"panuothtogvwqoti,||HkmB. The doctor was .examining the mixture in the bottle, and testing the contents. It .was evidently satisfactory, for he turned again to Harris. - . 4 Done, sir? Ho'he ,saidj .shaking ".his head ; 4 iihecessa3||f4P;%- f8': is lamentably upon tliosefeatuMs,andt3ieStig|i!nusthaT0beeii but light. I shall have nphesitation in giving you Hie necessary certificate after..; so long an attendance uponlier. Ho one slept in. the came room?' ' v. ' . , . 4 Ho one,', said His. Levigne. 4 I slept in the nextchamr.'; ,, You heard nothing, I presume - said the doctor. . . ' ' . T 4 Nothing' said. Mrs. Levigne; and A was awake until four with a severe lace- For which you took 'laudanum, said the doctor to himself ; 4 and I hope your diges- tion approves of it. Ah !' he said, in a loud whisper in which he had previously spoken, a sad thing !— a sad thing !' and he left the room. . 4 Show Mr. Anson out, said Mrs. Levigne in a whisper to the maid ; and as she left the room, the other followed with her apron to her eyes, while Mrs. Levigne stoodlook- ing with a strange, sorrowful expression in her countenance at the group before her. Once she shuddered ; then,' again, an air of triumph seemed to cross her face, and she advanced 'towards the bed-.; but a glance at the 'sleeping figure checked her, and she stepped lightly from the room to drop as it were upon the landing, her face buried- in lier hands, -as she crouched together upon the floor, waiting till Harris: should leave the death-chamber, for she dared not speak to him there. She heard whispers from below ; doors opened and closed; and hour after hour passed away, but still she stirred not beyond rocking herself to and fro at intervals, and moaning bitterly. The obstacle that stood in her way was removed; but she did not re joice, for a cold chill was upon her spirit, while the idea, often harboured, of entering the chamber bringing Harris forth only produced anudder. Hour Zxtev hour passed, but she did not change her position. Mid-day came, and ;he servants had more than once crept j cautiously up, and seeing her still upon the -landing, gone down again. Once the maid . bad stolen deftly by her to reach the upper j part of the house ; but though her dress j brushed the crouching woman's form, both as , she went and as she returned, Mrs. Levigne j moved not till her step was inaudible, when | .Hie started, for a low moan came from the bedroom, and a few muttered words, which made her thrust her hands into her black hair, and throw herself again upon the carpet, where she crouched closer to the door. A noise in the room. A chair was suddenly knocked down, and there was the i sound of one staggering helpless about, as if in the dark, and then again all was still for a few moments, while, with palpitating heart, Hester Levigne lay listening for a further sign of his coming. Then the door was opened, and pale and with bloodshot eyes Harris Morley was about to step out, when he became aware of the figure on the floor. He closed the door softly, and then stooped to raise her ; but she clung to his feet, laying her cheek upon them, and moaning bitterly, resisting every effort he made, till, stooping suddenly, he threw his arms round her, carried her down to the drawing-room, and laid her upon one of the sofas, trying to soothe the passion which burst from her . labouring breast. An hour later, seeking distraction from his agony, Harris Money re-entered his laboratory, where his eyes began wandering among the tracesof hisunfimshedexperimeiits. A little tap which fitted into the filter had evidently been leaking, for the vessel was empty, and a dark patch upon the boards showed how the water had dripped and formed a little lake, whose outlet had been a knot-hole in the floor. The furnace was black and cold, while dost lay thickly everywhere ; but Harris Morley saw it not, and when he touched beaker or test tube, it was in a quiet abstracted way, which showed how far off were his thoughts. At last towards evening he prepared to -descend, for a message had been brought him an hour before that Lieutenant Dean was be- low. He went down slowly, pausing by Mrs. Levigne's chamber, for he heard a stifled sob as he was passing. Then all was silent once more, and he had reached the stairs, but only to return, and gently turn the handle of poor Blanche's door andenter the softened twilight of the apartment. He stood gazing before bim at the bed where the coverlid was pinned np in a weird way, only half concealing the form beneath, as it seemed to be disarranged where raised the highest. And right in the centre of the fair white linen, above where the sleeper's head must have lain, appeared a large darkened spot, star- like in its raying, as if a drop of water had splashed from the ceiling ana had not yet had time to dry. Drip! There was another right in the same place, darkening again the half-dried linen, while upon the slightly- stained ceiling might have been seen the crack from which the moisture had fallen, and where another drop was forming so slowly that perhaps hours would elapse before it But the falling drop was not noticed, for Harris Morley had started upon hearing a faint sigh, almost a groan, and the dew stood upon his forehead as he knew that it had come from beneath the coverlid. But the mystery was soon solved, for on passing round to the other side of the bed, he saw a kaeeling foim, with its head, buried beneath the linen cover, and on going close up and laying his hand- upon the. alinnlr of the figure, Harris Morley looked down upon the sorrowing face of Fred Dean. 4 You here, Fred?' he eaid softly. 4 Harry , I love her !' was the sobbed-out answer, and then there was silence in the room. to be continued. An Industrious Couple. Her work with needle and with thread Seemed all her thoughts engaging, Which made- me jealous, and I saia, 4 1 wfeh you'd quit ypjir edging, Then when aside her w»ik she laid, And love I got topledgtog, My chair somehow got feet ; she said, How, sir you quit your edging,' 