THE SCIENCE OF GHOST SEEING. CURIOUS PHKNOMEXA. Dr. Andrew Wilson has been publishing in Health, of which he is the editor, some articles on the "Science of Ghost seeing," and in the final paper of the series, remark- ing on the views held by Sir David Brewster and Dr. Tuke on the subject, he says : Turning to Dr. Tuko'3 views regarding spectral illusions, we find him stating that the case of a Mrs. A., observed by Brewster, has become historical, and has reference to the third question (that regarding the test by pressure on the eyeball, causing double vision) She had laboured under halluci- nations of hearing when he met her, and he thought it well to anticipate the occurrence of hallucinations of sight, or, as he terms them, " spectral illusions," so as to put her on her guard against taking them for realities. Now the test which no gave her was this: He told her she might distinguish a genuine ghost existing externally, and seen as an external object, from one created by the mind, by merely pressing one eye (or straining them both so as to see objects double for In this case the external object or (supposed) apparition would in variably be doubled, while the impression on the retina created by the mind would remain single. "On the fourth question (regarding the retina of the eye being involved in ghost seeing'), Huxley sneaks almost as strongly as Brewster," says Dr. Tuke, " when he is referring to the case of Mrs. A. and the spectral cat which she saw. Huxley says, ' there can be no doubt that exactly those parts of her retina which would have been affected by the image of a cat, and those parts of her auditory organs which would have been set vibrating by her husband's voice. of the portions of the sensorium with which those organs of sense are connected, were thrown into a corresponding state of activity by some internal cause. It is true that there is a saving clause in regard to the consortium, but he evidently does not dissent from Brewster. As is well known, Mr. Huxley can speak from personal experience, which he has thus recorded. I know not,' he says, ' if other persons are similarly troubled ; but in reading books written by persons with whom I am acquainted, I am sometimes tormented by hearing the words pronounced in the exact way in which these persons would utter them, any trick or peculiarity of voice or gesture being also very accurately reproduced. And I suppose every one must have been startled, at times, by the extreme distinctness with which his thoughts have embodied themselves in apparent voices.' " So far, than, Dr. Tanko has stated clearly the difficulties which environ the subject, and also the apparently plain method in which these difficulties may be resolved by the tomb of Brewster, with reference to the reality or falsity of what are apparently external objects. The point at issue and it is one of importance whether or not, in the healthy recalling of sensations previously perceived, and equally in the op- posite case of allusions or hallucinations, the sensation completely travels back from brain to eye, or ear, or other sense organ, or merely exercises its power of reviving itself from the brain alone. To make this point clear, we know that any object, say a book, we have seen, is so appreciated by the brain, because the image has been fixed on the retina of the eye, has been transmitted to the eeoing'Ceutrcs in the brain, and has been finally stored up as an idea in im Ereunion in the intellectual centres of the rain. When the image of the book is reproduced by memory or as a spectral illusion, the point at issue is formulated in the questions-Does the image retrace its steps as it were, and is it only figured and realised as a memory when it has come back to the regina from the brain ? Or is the recalling and reproduction of the image a matter which takes place in the brain alone, and which, therefore, does not necessarily, or at all, involve the eye by which it was originally received 'I Sir David Brewster assumed that the first of these explanations was correct, while Esquirol may be quoted as exemplifying the latter opinion, Some of Dr. Tuko's cases are both instructive and interesting in view of the application of tests for the reality of the illusions or subjective sensations. Thus he gives the case of a young man, an in pia to of Bethlehem Hospital {the "Bedlam" of olden days), who suffered from a fixed hallucination of sight, " He has for a long time," says Dr. Tuke, seen the figure of a man which he describes with great clearness, who is dressed in a blue coat, stands Upon some scaffolding, having his left arm behind his back, while the right beckons the patient to him. Although he never speaks, the patient feels impelled to do in the direction the figure indicated by his hand, and this actually led the patient on one occasion to wander about till he was taken up by the police as a wandering lunatic, and it was on the same day I examined and certified him "As this youth was quite willing to answer questions or try any experiment, a better case could not have presented itself, for trying the effect of altering the axes of the two eyes by pressing on one of them while the visual hallucination was distinctly in sight. Having first tested him with a picture hanging on the wall opposite, I round that under these conditions he at once said he saw two pictures instead of one. I got him to look steadily at the man in blue on the scaffolding, and when he saw him before him as clearly as the picture on the wall, I pressed one eye in the same way as I had done before. Had he said he saw double his reply would not have been conclusive ; but as he said the figure remained single, I have no doubt that this was so, and that his case may be taken to show, _ so far as one case can do so, that subjective visual sensations are not doubled by interfering with the axis of vision. I repeated the experiment subsequently, with the same result. The hallucination became gradually fainter and fainter, and he ultimately recovered, It was interesting to watch the fading away of the image. He had ceased to believe in its reality long before it vanished. Here the image (1 was projected, (2) was not doubled by pressure. I have also no doubt, but this was more difficult to prove, it (3) followed the movements of the eye, and (4) was obscured by external objects." A medical man, Dr. L has made a special study of the visual illusions of which he himself is the subject. The following account is given by Dr. Tuke of Dr. L's investigations : " He had for some years occasionally seen images of persons and things which he had been attentively regarding, but he took little notice of the circumstance, and they speedily disappeared from the field of vision. On the 3rd of December, 1862, however, a much more decided visualisation occurred. He was then in the army, and stationed on the west shore of Maryland, A military man, his daughter, a naval officer, and Dr. L. were seated in the veranda of a house which stood within a stone's throw of Chesapeake Bay. The girl sat on the second of the steps leading down from the veranda. He himself was on the same step at the other end, there being about 5ft. between them, and her profile seeing clearly in view. For no particular reason he began to stare at her at the same time concentrating all his attention upon the features. At the expiration of about twenty minutes, he turned his eyes towards the bay simply to relieve them, when he saw before him the image of the girl very distinctly, and also in like manner all the objects that had been within the range of his vision. The image began almost at once to fade, but he found that by fixing his whole attention upon it he could retain it. To this power I particularly draw attention. He next looked over her head towards a wood of Southern pine- trees, and again saw the image. He had repeated this experiment four or five times when the girl turned her head towards him, and asked why he was staring at her so. Dr. Ii. described what he had seen, when to his surprise she laughed and told him he was only a beginner, and that he ought to be able to obtain in twenty seconds what had taken as many minutes. She then led him on the veranda to a point where the moon shone brightly, and asked the naval officer to take note of the time occupied in the experiments. She told Dr. L. to keep everything but herself out of mind, to look her full in the face, and then to run his eyes up and down her finger. In a few seconds she called " Time 1' and told him to look towards Chesapeake Bay, directing him. to regard the image as attentively as he had regarded her previously. He then saw the image very distinctly. The time was twenty-two seconds. In the course of the same evening many more experiments were made. In reply to her father and Dr. L., she said that she had discovered that she possessed this power through a schoolfellow two years before, who possessed the same faculty of voluntarily recalling spectral imap¡e3. Dr. L. asked her whether this power would last any considerable length of time. She said she could only answer for tv.-fi years from her own experience, upon which the naval officer spoke up, and said that he could answer for nearly fifty years, having exercised it himself since he was 14 or 15 years of age. "Here, then, were four instances-Dr. L., the naval officer, the young lady, and her Rchoulfellovr-who could, by intense mental attention, recall figures which they had once succeeded in fixing on the mental tablet. I may say that Dr. L. never Been races other than those which he has known and regarded attentively. is there conclusive evidence that Dr. L's ' faces' involve the retina 'i One important test which was' tried in his case namely, whether the spectral figures moved with the movements pt the eyes yields an affirmative reply, to Dr. L. immediately after receiving the impression of a face brings up the image on the very spot, it will appear at nearly the, same distance as the reality, and it will follow the motion of his eyes. This happened a short time of a as professor his house at Harwell, where Dr. JJ. took (in photographic language) Dr., Mrs., and Miss X-together, and each separately. At his own, house in Torwood, at the present time, Dr. L. uses them as if at a great distance, although perfectly distinct." Dr. Take himself suggests that when a person sees a real good object through a good image' but fancies he has been the object more or less through an indistinct image or Spectre (a feature in Dr. L's case), there may be forthcoming a very simple explanation It may be that when an object has been really seen that is depicted on the retina-and is resuscitated, the spectre or revived image really returns to the nervous network of the eye. then, contrariwise, the illusion or image is that of ft purely fanciful figure, born of the brain itself, then we may suppose the brain itself, and not the eye, is the seat of the illusion. This" explanation of Dr. Tuk-c's is, to my mind, OHO of the most ingenious and philosophical thoughts contained in his ad ourable paper. It seems to be a most natural theory to suggest that in their re- production images, or conceptions, should traverse closely the original pathway by which they were brought to the brain, or should, on the other hand, localise themselves in their original habitat the brain itself. In concluding his study of ghoat-Ecoing and illusions, Dr. Tuke tells us that pressure on the side of the eyeball, so as to throw the eye out of focus as it were, never doubles an object unless it is an actual object external to the eye, and therefore to the person who stop it. The same thing occurs when an object is regarded through a multiplying lunatic real, it is doubled ; if an illusion and a coinage of the brain it is not doubled. In the second place, in the case of a luminous object, we know that its after- image is assuredly existent on the retina, and this image obscures or covers real objects while it moves with the motions of the eye, and Is projected when the person looks on a dark ground. So that if we learn from a person that his illusions, or " ghosts," behave in precisely a similar way to after-images, we may conclude that the illusions many involve the retina of the eye, and vice versa. In the latter case, the illusions are probably existent in the brain alone, and do not extend to the eye. A fact proving this conclusion is found in the occurrence of such illusions of fight when the optic nerves, or those of sight, have become wasted and useless, A gentleman sends to an English agricultural paper an amusing; description of "how a Toad takes off his coat and pants." He says he has seen one do it, and of course many have seen it done in the same way : " About the middle of fury. I found a road on a hill of melons, and not wanting him to leave I hoed around him. He appeared sluggish and not inclined to move. Presently I observed him pressing his elbows against his sides and rubbing downward. He appeared so singular that I watched to see what he was up to. After a few smart rubs the skin began to burst open straight along the back. 'Now,' said I, old follow you have done it !' but he appeared unoon period, and kept on rubbing until he had worked all his skin into folds on his aides and hips ; then, grasping one hind leg with both his hands, he hauled off one leg of his pants the same as anybody would, then stripped the other hand leg in the same way. He then took his cast-off cuticle forward between his forelegs, into his mouth, and swallowed it then, by raising and lowering his head, swal- lowing as his head came down, he stepped off the skin underneath until it came to his forelegs, and then grasping one of these with the opposite hand, by considerable palling stripped off the skins, changing hands he stripped the other, and by a slight motion of the head, and all the while swallowing, he draw it from the neck and swallowed the whole. The operation seemed an agreeable one, and occupied but a short time." Efforts are still being made in France to to sociate the Panama Canal through the lottery scheme. 