CORRESPONDENCE. THOSE TWO UNANSWERED QUES- TIONS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ALBUBF BANNER. SlB,—When I penned my first letter to you on the above .sul ject, although I purposely began the war iu what I knew to be the enemies camp, by commencing operations in one of the greatest strongholds of protection in the colony, I did not contemplate upsetting the very large hornet's nest I evidently have done. It's amusing to watch the enemy—so to speak—bringing up its regiments in quick (succession, and as each one is defeated another is put in its place, and volley upon volley—a perfect storm, in tact, of Bhot and shell—is incessantlv kept poured in upon the freetrade citadel. In spite, however, of the manner in which they persist and continue in the ob- «tinaU3 content, the citadel, with freetrade, justice, and truth as its armour, successfully withstands the fierce and adventurous attack, in spite of the odds brought to bear against it. Believing firmly in the opinions I have expressed, aud feeling confident that they are the best calculated to serve the true interests ot the countrv, I am certain that when the great question ot tree trade and protection comes to be thoroughly understood by the public as a whole, the protectionists will not number as many as their paid agitators do now. The irewon of the opposition to free trade appears &o; be something similar to the opposition in former fears by some of the workiog classes in certain trades to the introduction of machinery. There is more prejudice than honest opinion in it, and the protection advoicatea entirely overlook the fact that the money which is required to pay for protection has to ibe provided by the whole community for the benefit of a few. Mr, Kirk Patrick's ideas are most extraordinary and absolutely erroneous, as I can easily show. Both he and " Farmer" say that New South Wales is not prospering nearly as much aB Victoria. That is one of the protectionist ghost cries. They all say the same thing until the freetraders put proof before their unwilling eyes, to show that New South Wales is going ahead of Victoria; and when they are compelled to admit the fact they excuse themselves by saying, " No wonder, she is three times as large, and twice as old." That is all they can say, and I shall once more repeat my reply. New South Wales in her <early days was for many years very little more tthmt simply a convict settlement, and even at tihe .time of Victoria's separation it was not jmucb better. Owing to the rush to the Victorian diggings the most enterprising classes of the people (torn New South Wales and nearly all parte of the world flocked there, and in the year 1854 she oceapiel the position of leading colony, whilst ber population equalled that ot New South Wales and Queensland put together. People, even for years after that, continued to ewarm there, when in the year £878 her population nearly doubled that of New Soath Wales. Since that date, however, INew South Wales has steadily year by year gained upon Victoria, and in 1887 she occupied the premier position. Thus it will be observed, as I have previously proved, that over thirty yeare ago Victoria was ahead ot tfew South Wales, and sixteen years ago she was «0 far ahead that her prosperity and greatness iu^t doubled that of New South Wales. Now what I should like roar protectionist •correspondents to explain iu this; If protec- 4ioa is euch a «<f>d thing as they try to make •out, how is it that Victoria, under good gocomment, has allowed New South Wales, coder bad government, not only to overtake hat actually pass her? The only way to account for it is that protection must have held Victoria back, whilst free trade to a great extent has pushed New South Wales ahead. ( The protectionist argument ofihis colony a age having anything to do with her prosperity it therefore burst up, and it is perfectly use- less their saying that her great ejctent ot «ounUy is a reason why she sfaoow be «o much more prosperous than Victoria, •especially flben they say the protseted (factories ate causing Victoria's prosperity. If New South Wales had comprised only the Eastern part of her Central district, without the Western 4rought-stricken part ot the colonys with the same population she has Always had, she would have been in a better position to properly develop her resources; instead of laboring under the heavy disadvantage 0f having to construct coBtly railways, scattered over a much greeter area, and across tnore difficult country, with hardly any population whatever tfongihe route. It is a wellknown fact that jnany of the New South Wales railways at preset do not pay for the crease thev use on the wheels. How ucj ust it is for Mr. Kirkpatrick and your other protectionist correspondents to ignore the above facta; and also that our having about an equal population to Vie torn, being scattered the way it is over four times the area, it costs more to govern; also that Victoria's concentrated system of railways must be worked cheaper than oar extended •system ; and when we bear in mind that for 4he last five yeare we have practicaily run our •colony without a land law, which has retarded'its progress to an incalculable extent, it is only alter considering all these ciroum- Mrtanom that we realise how unjtut all their comparisons are. Truly the advocates of protection must run on Carlyle'a assumption that "men are mostly fools." Having no facts or figures they a) ways try to upset, in their own peculiar way, the reliable and indisputable figures of the freetraders. It New South Wales had had the favorable opportunities that Victoria has had with her free trade policy, she would have prospered five times faster than even she has done. As for the 4 ' working man," he does not appear to give Mr. K'rkpatrick much concern, considering how little he seems to understand what he wrote about. He appears to think that all improvements and employment are at an end up the country ; but I can inform him that there is plenty of employment left for millions of men before the resources of this great country are half developed. 1 say give us a pioper land law and Bettle the people on the land, instead of encouraging monopoly and allowing absentees in England individually to draw ibeir yearly income from sufficient land to keep 100,000 persons with good homes in this country. What is the use of bolstering up a few manufactories by protection when there are not sufficient people in New South Wales to use the articles that a tenth part of the working people could produce ? What is the good to be derived by making everyone pay 20 or 25 per cent, more on everything they purchase just for the sake of benefiting a few manufacturers, who cannot make enough profit out of their business and have to be spoonfed by State subsidy ? The protectionists argue this help is not given to the manufacturer, but to the hands he employs. The question, then, is, do these people get that subsidy ? oris it retained by the manufacturer? If they do get it, how many benefit in proportion to those who are made by law to subscribe towards the subsidy ? In the Government statistician's report I find that there are 45,718 persons employed in the Victorian manufactories. Only a little more than half ot this number are employed in protected factories. For the benefit of this small section of people all the artisans and laborers in the unprotected trades, such as building trades, shippirg trades, employes on the railways, miners, members of the civil service, all in the professional classes, farm and station laborers, contract men, road men, and scores of others are heavily taxed ; and let it also be remembered that the employes of the manufacturers have likewise to pay their portion of the crushing tariff, so that even supposing they got higher, wages they labor under a system which confiscates a quarter of their earnings, and when it is a well-known tact that they do not get higher wages than they would under free trade, the misery of the working people in highly protected countries can easily be accounted for. Mr. Kirkpatrick tries to gull and mislead us ; in fact would have us believe there ere no manufactories in New South Wales at all. I have already mentioned above that Victoria employs 45,718 persons in her factories. Well, New South Wales employs 44,360, or only about 1350 IeB8 than Victoria. There are 6000 women included in the Victorian returns, and only 3000 in the New South Wales returns. Owing to the smaller number of women in New South Wales her manufacturing power is greater than that of Victoria. New South Wales is ahead of Victoria in the majority of the manufacturing branches except those in which females are employed in, and it is a notable fact that these are the very industries which the New South Wales protectionists are always clamouring to get assistance for and subsidised in this colony ; and in spite of the heavy protection given them in Victoria they are on the decline there, and actually employ 733 leBS bands now than they did 10 years ago. It is also a remarkable fact that between 15.000 and 20,000 hands that are employed in Vicioiian factories out of the 45,000 belong to factories that are not protected, and that the best employment given by factories in Victoria is given by her free trade factories. The tew manufactories that are being supported by protection cost the annual sum of about £1,562,000, which is sufficient to keep„an army, as Mr, Coglan says, of 10,000 men in idleness at the rate of £3 per week for each man. Mr. Kirkpatrick is careful to say nothing about the numbers of wretched and miserable voung women in Melbourne undergoing a sweating process in its most reprehensible form, working as they do long hours for the starvation wages of 2i. 63. to 6s. per week. If what he sayB is true about the priceot our labor being forced <lown by the grinding competition, it surprises me that be admits it is even ash'gh as Victorian wages. However, with all duedeference for Mr. Kirkpatrick, I must tell him he does not confine himself to fact, for it in well known that labor is dearer in New South Wales than Victoria, and that large numbers of the Melbourne unemployed often go to Sydney and obwin relief from our Government, What is tfte use of Mr. Kirkpatrick prating about the Victorian paradise for the working man, when at the very time he writes there is an unemployed agitation going on in Melbourne, and a horde of blackemithe' laborers in Ballarat, who have only befia getting 36*. per week, are now striking for 40s. • end when, only last month, the Victorian Railway Department advertised for applications to fill 628 vacancies, there were 6468 applicants Surely this ought to be enough to siletuse their war whoop about "giving us protection/' As to his remarks about the shipping trade and the effect ol protection upon it, I nepd only cite the disappearance of the once enormous mercantile marine of America, the history of which is well known to all readers ; and as for the New South Wales shipping trade, it by a long way exceeds that ot any of the other colonies. Her total shipping trade in 1877 amounted to 4,323,258 tons, or one-third of the whole of the colonies, and was 664,515 tons ahead of Victoria; so that in spite of the latter colony's large imports it shows her to be lamentably deficient in her exports. The returns of trade between free trade New South Wales and protected America, elso show the exports between these two countries to be largely in favour ot New South Wales. Concerning " Farmer's " letter, there is not much in it that requires answering. I notice he does not attempt to give his name, and thereby COL firms my impression that he is not a farmer at all. As for his saying I stated if people had nothing they could lose nothing and therefore would be better off, I did no such thing, and if he would give his name I would very quickly tell him where he got his idea from. The statement is a thoroughly protectionist one, but its conception in the first instance did not reBt with him. As lor your "Colombo Protectionist," his explanation of how protection will increase the price of labour is too thin, or I should say feeble, to make any comment from me necessary this time. Perhaps his next attempt will be better.—Yours truly, H. MANNING. Narandera, April 8 h. 