SEMOflS. — W fPi - /.nfcf nf publishing these sermons is home by a I f ranis which contributions are solicited from I'.O. orders may be SdTwaWe »» fkakecxtfoed. The lovee of god's law filled with peace. Br C. H. Spurgeon. i vest peace have they which love Thy law ; and j oLliiiig shall offend them.'— Psalm cxix., 165. This forms part of a devotional passage. It is not mnvlv a statement that great peace comes to those «+«> love the law of God, but it is uttered as part of jrTiin of praise unto the Dora. we cannot Praise G«d better than by stating farifca con- Sarins Hun and His Word. If you desire to Maise God, vou must speak of Hun as He is. If vou would pour out an acceptable libation before. Sim vou must fill the .vessel from Himself, as the well-head of all excellence. Our Te DeUms are imrlv declarations of what God is. There can be «o higher praise. His praises can only be the re flection of His own 1'g.it. All glory is already in llim none can be added to Him : and so, when we are adoring Him for His law, and blessing Him for living us His Word, we cannot do b. tter than ob serve' how that law operates upon the heart, and Braise Him because it 60 works. We have no need to heap up flattering titles as men »do with their kings ; we have no need to invent exaggerated ex- i .res-iions ; we have but to speak the simple truth ronceraing our God, and we have praised Him. By the word ' law' here is intended not onlv the law of the ten commandments, but the whole of J>ivine revelation, as it was in David's time, and as it is now. Whatever God has revealed is loved by saintly men. This sacred Book, which we commonly ii.HH the Bible, contains the mind of God, so far as He has seen fit to reveal it to men. -It is the law of holiness as the guide of our actions; and the law of faith by which we receive of His grace. Here we have the law of the kingdom of heaven, the law of hfc in Christ Jesus. As a law of works, this holy Book convinces us of sin ; as a law of love, it leads us to .lesus, to rind forgiveness through His blood. In David's day the law was a smaller Book than ours, but he fouud great peace in the reading of it. It was even ihen competent for the highest spir.tual inds. We have that Book at greater length, hut it is one and the same. The same Gospel is in Genesis as in Matthew. The i ><i Testament was perfect in itself as the law of the Lord, and the New Testament is hut an expansion of the same truth wh'eh the Old contains. We rejoice to iiml that our larger edition of the Word of God lonlains nothing which lessens that great peace which fie earlier Scriptures were able to produce. A-? the light is clearer the joy 's brighter, and the reasons for great peace are more clearly »?en. tLu's law comprises all His precepts, and in keep ing t iio.-e we have peace of conscience ; i; contains all His promises, and these are our great peace in the hour of need ; and it comprehends all those great doctrines which surround the crcs< of Christ and the covenant of grace, and each one of these is a fountain iff peace to our hearts. We take this Book as a whole, .-Hid in this way we have peace. We dare not rend it, wo would not leave out any part of it, lest we miss t 'ie blessed effect which, as a whole, it is calculated to produce. Sitting as learners at the feet of Jesus, < ur Master, submitting our hearts and minds to the in "ailible teaching of the Holy Ghost, who leads us ;nio all truth, we find that the peace of God, which passc-th all understanding, keeps our heart and minds by Christ Jesus. Three things in the text are worthy of earnest attention. May the Spirit of God bless all we say ! First , li;-re is a spiritual character—' they which love Thy law' : secondly, here is a special possession — ' great peace have they : and thirdly, here is a Mnsrnlar preservation— ' nothing shall offend them': i-i nothing shall be a stumbling- block to them. Oh, mat we may know our text experimentally ! 1\. First, here is a spiritual character— ' they v liii.h love Thy law.' f/ne lies deep; it is in the heart. It is not a thing of the surface ; it is of the man's own self. As ti man loveili so is he. To leve God's law is to have the very nature and essence of our manhood in a right rendition. To love the Word is something untie than to rial it, even though we should study it day and night. It is more even than to under stand it ; for the cold light of the intellect is of little worth compared with the warm sunlight of love. .A Liny, no doubt, perceive the truths which are taught n God's Word, onl so become orthodox in theirpro- ftscd creed : but without love their faith is dead. Yuiicannot learn the law of God as vouleamthe laws of nature ; your heart must be affected by it, uad yon must obey in your life, or you do not truly \uiow it. Only he who does the will of God can know i'i the doctrine. Mere knowledge brings no peace to iht-rnsn. The truth must go horn the head to the heart before its power is known. Some even try to kcp t h< I aw of the Lord, so far as to make the out ward life comformable to morality and religion ; but tins falls far short of the love of the heart. To stand it slaYiTa fear and dread of God Ls better than to be utterly indifferent, but it is a poor thing compared ith love. Slaves obey their masters because of the lash, and so do many outwardly follow the Word be cause of the spirit of bondage which will not permit i tiii to rebel ; but there is a eomrthiag lacking; nothing in religion is sound till the heart goes with u. God says, My s on, give Me thine heart,' and He rimuot be satisfied with anything short of it. Search, l lion, my hearers, and see if vou reallv love the law the Lord. Jte who loves the Word would not wish to have it .'lUrc-d. enlarged, or diminished; it reveals enough i"i l;irn. and no more ; lor he iB content with what ')'>d chords to teach him. If he finds any want of | unl'mmity iu his own thought to God's thought, he 1 brows his own thought away, and sets up the divine Yiought in its place. As he is reconciled to God in Christ h-sur , -o is his mind reconciled to the teaching against winch lie at first- rebelled. He loves the law of the lorn ; nst as he finds it; and instead of judging it, and innnsr to set himself up as a dictator of what it ojilit u> be, he is humble and docile, and cries, ' Lord ; for Thy servant hearetli.' He loves ' i ry truth which the Lord declares, ay, and the very styh and method of the declaration. Everv word of God's B x.k has in it music for his car, beautv for his 'ye, honey for his mouth, and. food f r his soil. The i sellings of God's Word are to the instructed be- b< vcj , not only articles of faith, but matters of life. < uir faith has imbibed them, and our experience has assimilated them. We could part with everything cxeejil what we have learned out of the Sac.ed Eojk the teaching of the Holy Gins:; for that flows through our souls like the blood through ourbodv, :md n is intermixed with every vital part of our 1» iog . 1 ike wool which has been made to lie long in <arl< t. we are dyed ingrain. As certain insects take their colour from the lea\ea they feed upon, so have \\\ become tinctured to the core of our nature with the living and incorruptible Word, which has proved its own inspiration by inspiring us with its spirit. Now v <> live m the Word as the tish in the stream : it is the « !omeut of our spiritual life. This may suffice to set before you the sort of people who obtain great peace from the law of the Lord, because, in the truest ense? they love it. This inward and spiritual love to God's Word in cludes many other good things. Permit me to use the connection in order to help myself as to order, find to help you as to memory. Real the first verse J't this octave — the one hundred and sixty-first verse; I Vinces have persecuted Me without a cause : but My heart standeth in awe of Thy Word.' The love of God'? law includes a deep reverence for it. That luan is blessed who trembles at. God's Word. Th s b'«ik is not to be compared with other books; it is not of the same class and order. It is inspired in a sense m which they are not ; it stands alone, and is iiot one a mp ig other books. As towers an Alp above he molehills of the meadow, so Holy Scripture rises hbove the purest, truest, and holi«t literature of could aU those other hooks be purged of error, and he corrected to the highest degree of human knowledge, yet would they no more degree of the Book of GodthaJ mLcan b=come God. It is supreme, and of another quality from ail the rest of them. 6ther writings we 'My heart standSh in aSre ' ' ,\nT Word. The man who loves G jd's Word does £-t a ifie with it ; it is far too sacred to be toyed with. Be does not cavil at it ; for he believes it to be God's . With a docility which comes of true sonship enough for llim that his Father Bays so. His on£ »S'ttels\ae '"J®8 P0881111®. <> know the meaning of b Blah t 8 words: and, that known, all debate is «ut of Question. ' Tius saith the Lord/ is to ercrvtnl! Jnld of God the end of the matter. I have often told uj my dear friends, that I view the difficulties of 3 S(Si1?resas0 fPany?Pr? yen-stools upon which caS„ worshiD the glorious Lord. What we wan A comprehend by our un lerstondmirs we appre- hend by our affections. . Awe of God's Wbrd is a ftat l0VC of brings , This aflvanoes to rejoicing in it. Head verse 162 : I rejoice at Thy Word, as one"that findethgreat spoil.' As a conqueror m the glad hour of victory shouts over uie amaing of the prey, so do believers rejoice in tvT 5 i eau recollect as a youth the great joy l naa when the d ictrines of grace were gradually opened up to me by the Spirit of truth. I did not at tost perceive the whole chain of precious truth. I knew that Jes'n had suffered in my stead, and that by believing iiiHml had found peace ; but the deep things of the covenant of grace came to me one by one, ev®nift6 at night you first see one star and then another, Jt1 whole heavens are studded with them. . When it first became clear to me that salvation of grace, what a revelation it was ! I saw that God tod made me to differ from others ; I ascribed my salvation wholly to His free favour. I perceived that, at the back of the grace which I l.a 1 received, there h®y©heen a purpose to give that grace, and then theg.orious fact of an election of grace flowed in upon my soul in a torrent of delight. I saw that the love of God toHis own was without beginning — a bound less, fathomless, infinite, endless love, which carries every chosen vessel of mercy from grace to glory. What aGodistheGod of sovereign grace! How did my sonl rejoice as I saw the "God of love ill His s w- ereignty, immutability, faithfulness, and omnipo tence ! Among the gods there is none like unto Thee, So will any young convert rejoice if he so loves the law of the LoitI as to continue studying it, and receiving the illumination of the Holy Ghost con cerning it. As the child of God sees into the deep things of God, be will be ready to clap his hands for joy. It is a delight ful sensation to feel that you are growing. Trees, I suppose, do not know when they grow, but men and wom«n do, when th3 growth is spiritual. We seem to pass into a new heaven and a new earth as we d'sxiver God's truth. A new guest tos come to live within our mind, and he has bzonrht wjthhim banquets such as we never tasted before. Oh, how happy is that- man to whose loving maad Holy Scripture is opening up its priceless treasures ! We know that we love God's Words when we can rejoice in it. Fain would we gather up every crumb of Scripture, and find food in its smallest fragments. Even its bitter rebukes are sweet to us. I would kiss the very feet of Scripture, and wash them with my . tears ! Alas, that I should sin against it by a thought much more by a word! If it be but God's Word, though s >me may call it non-essential, we dare not think it so. The little things of God are more precious than the great things or man. Truth is no trifle to one who has fought his way to it, and learned it in the school of affliction. O my soul, thou hast trodden down strength !' and that which thou hast gained in the battle is thy joyful spoil. Further than this, we receive Holy Scripture with emotion. David say. ' I hate and abhor lying; but Thy law do I love.' He regards all that isopjo jed to the law of the Lord as hateful lying. Those are hard worths, David ! Surely you are sinning against the charity of our cultured age ! Yes, but when a man feels strongly, he cannot nelp speaking strongly. I hale,' says lie, and that is not enough; he says, 'I tote and abhor lying.' His whole being revolts at it. He means not only that lying with, which in common life men would deceive their fellows, and that is hate ful enough; but he refers < specially to tlat kind of teaching which gives the lie to the law of the Lord ; for he adds, ' But Thy law do I love.' A good man's hate of falsehood is as intense as his love of trath ; it must necessarily be so. He who worships the true God detests and loathes idols. In these days there are many men to whom the truths of Scripture are like a pa< k of cards, to be shuffled as occasion suits. To them peace and quietness are jewels, and truth isas the mire of the streets. It does not matter to them what this man preaches and what that man writes. Hold your tongue, it will be all the same & hundred years hence ; and really nobody can be quite sure of anything ! To the man that is loyal to his Lord, and faithful to his convictions, it can never be so ; he totes the teaching which belies his God. He that has never felt his blood boil against an error which robs God of His glory does not love the law, nor will he know that great peace which comes by having the law enshrined in the heart. One other virtue is included in the love of the "Word. According to the context, great gratitude to God for His Word is formed in the believing heart. ' Seven times a day do I praise Thee bee ruse of Thy righteous judgments.' God's judgments written in His Word are matters of praise. ' This is the judge that ends the strife Where wit and reason fail.' G)d's judgments actively going on in the world » which tally v i h those predicted in His Word, are also matters tor adbring praise. The God of the Word is the God of the deed. W1 at He says He does, and every day and all the day we praise Trim for it. B:love<l, Gol may do what He wills, and we will praise Him, He may say what He wills, and we will prate Him. We read in His Word stern things, words of wrath and deeds of vengeance. Shall we try to soften them, or. invent apologies for thcai ? By no means,. Jehovah our God is a consuming fire. , Welove Him.not as He is improved upon by ' modern thought,' buts He reveals Himself in Scripture. The God of Abraham, of Isiac, and of Jacob, 4 this God is our God for ever and ever : He will be our Guide, even unto death.' Even when He is robed in the j t.rror of H's judgments, we sing praises unto His name ; even as they did at the Bed Sea, when they saw Pharaoh and his host sv allowed up of the mighty waters : 4 Sing unto the Lord, for He hath triumphed gloriously : the horse and his rider hath He thrown into the sea.' Our hallelujahs are 4 to Him that slew mighty kings ; for His mercy endurcth for ever.' It is not mine to improve upon the character of Jehovah, but to reverence andadorc Him, as He manifests Him self eitherin judgment or in grace. I, who am less than nothing and vanity, dare not scan His work, nor bring Him to my bar, lest I hear a voice saying, 4 Nay, but, O man, who art thou that rcpliost against God?' What am I that should be the ultimate judge of truth, or of justice, or of wisdom ? Whatever God may be, or speak, or do— that is right : it is not mine to arraign my Maker, but to adore Him. . Extenua tions, explanations, and apologies may be produced from the best of motives ; but too often they suggest to cp posers that it is admitted that God's most holy Word contains something in it which is doubtful, or weak, or antiquated. It looks as though it needed to te defended by human wisdom. Brethren, the Word of the Lord can stand alone, without the propping which many are giving it. Those props come down, and then our adversaries think that the Book is down too. The Word of God can take care of itself, and will do so if we preach it, and cease defending it. See you that lion? They havecaged him for hispreservation; shut him up behind iron bars to secure Tiim from, his foes! See how a band of armed men have gathered together to protect the ijon. What a clatter they make with their swords and spears ! These mighty men are intent upon defending a lion. O fools, and slow of heart! Open that door ! Let the lord of the forest come forth free. Who will dare to encounter him? "What does he want with your guardian care! Let the pure gospel go forth m all its lion-like majesty, and it willsoon clear its own way and ease itself of its adversaries. Yes, without attempting to apologise even for the severer truths of revelation, seven times a day do we praise the Lord for giving us His judgments, bo righteous and so sure. I have shown vou now, dear friends, how this love lies deep in the heart, and how it includes much of honour and reverence ; let me further remark that this love is productive of many good things. They that love God's Word will meditate on it, and make it the man of their right hand. What a companion the Bible is ! It talks with us by the way, it com munes with us upon our beds : it knows us altogether, an 1 has a suitable word for every condition of life. Hence we cannot be long without listening to our Beloved's voice in this Book of books. Ihope wo realise the character described in the . first Tsalin : 4 His delight is in thelaw of the Lord ; and in His law doth he meditate day and night-. And he shall be like a tree planted by the rivers of water.' Love ' to the Word of God creates great courage in the defence of it. It 19 wonderful how the most .timid creatures will defend their young, how even a hen becomes a terrible bd when she has to tske care of her (hicks : even so, quiet men and women contend earnestly for :h3 faith once delivered to the saints, and will not tamely submit to see the truth torn in pieces by the houncls of error and hypocrisy. The love of the law of God breis penitence . for having sinned against it, and perseverance in obedi ence to it. It also begets patience under suffering ; for it leads the man to submit himself to the will of God whom he loves so much. He said, 4 It is the Lord. Let F"» do what seemeth Him good." The Word of God begets and fostersholiness. Jesus said, 'Sanctify them through Thy truth: Thy Word is truth.' You cannot study the Scriptures diligently ud love them heartily without having your thoughts and acts savoured and sweetened by them. A gentleness and kindness will be infused into your spirit by the very tone of the Word ; a sacred delicacy and carefulness of con duct will surround your daily life in proportion as you steep your mind in Scripture. Let me commend to you, iny beloved felaids, that you live with the law of the Lord, till even men of the world perceive that you heep choice company. The trashy lives of most people are the fit outcaime of the. trash which they read. A life fed on fiction is a life of fiction ; a life fed on divine fact will become a life of divine fact. I have "not time in which to show yon all the sweet uses of the law of the Lord: it doeth much every v ay for the formation of a perfect character. No moulding force is so much tvbe desired as that of the Woid of the Lord in the love of it. This much, however, I must add : if in any of us there is a love of the law of the L >rd, -this is a work of the Holy Spirit. Nature docs not love God, and heme it does not love God's law. Humm nature is in open and active rebellion to everything that commanded or commended by the thrice-holy God. If, then, thou lovest God and His holy law, the Holy Gaost has been at work ii thee; and by this new love it is proven that thou art a new creature. The old nature delights itself in everything which is of the earth earthly : it is only the new and heavenly lite which can appreciate and love heavenly things. My brother, let thy love of t .e law be to thee a proof of thy regeneration ; thou hast passed ;rjm darkoAgg into marvellous light, for thou lovest light. Let this be to thee the evidence of thine election : thou hadst never loved God and His law if He tod not lived thee first. What can thy love to God be hut a reflection of His love to thee. Wherefore, hear Him say, 4 1 have lovel thee with an everlasting love.' See, also, in this love of God's law the prophesy of thine ultimate perfection. We do not keep thelaw as we would; but if we will to keep it, that which holds the will is the real law of our life. If there be iu us a strong and passionate desire to accept and obey God's Word in everything, and to be conf ormed to it in thought and life, that desire will ultimately get the victory. Use well the Bword -of the Spirit, which is the Word of God, and by the force of thy love give sin sharp and heavy thrusts, and thou shalt conquer until every thought is brought into captivity to the law of Christ. II. We have tq enb too long a time upon our first point, and shall hayeto be brief upon the other heads. Our second -division is a very sweet part, of "the text;!/ here is a special possession, 4 great peace have they which love Thy law.' When Orientals meet each other their usual salutation is Stolom'— 4 Peace be to ; thee.' The word does hot mean merely quiet and"1 rest, but happiness or prosperity. Great peace means great "prosperity. Those who love God's law have , great blessedness in th;s lite as well as in that which is to come. In loving the law of God we have intense enjoyment and real success in life. Let us, however, take the text as we have it in our Bibles. By peace here is not meant that a man who loves God's law will ha ve great peace with everybody, for that i not at all true. If David penned this sentence, he certainly was not an instance of great peace with men flowing out of his love to the Lord's law. He was a man of war from his youth. He had peace as a shepherd boy, but even then he had to kill lions and bears, and soon after he had to meet a giant in single combat. Neither xnhis family nor in Saul's court was he at peace. He was hunted like a partridge upon the mountains, and had ti run for it from day to day. He had not much earthly ! peace: for when he had doae with Saul, the Philistines invaded the land. If it be possible, we are to live peaceably with all men ; but he who has put enmity between the serpent and the womin never meant that we should enjoy the friend ship oi the world. The great peace which they have who love God's law refers to a peace which can exist when strife rages all around us. Do s not it mean this— first, great restf ulceus of the intellect ! If we love God's law in the sense in -which we have explained it, so as to stand in awe of it, and rejoice over it, the result will be great peace of mind. Everybody must find infallibility somewhere. Some think it is with the Pope at Borne, others dream that it is in themselves : the second theory is no more true thatt he first. Others of us believe that infallibility lies in the Word of God : this Book is to us the final court of appeal. When Gol's Holy Spirit leads us into the truth which He has revealed in this Book, we feel a full assurance that w e know the truth, and we speak from experience when we say that the loving belief of the Word brings us great intellectual repose. I care nothing what supposed philosophers may dis cover-: they cannot discover anything true which, is contrary to God's Word. I know that I am speaking that which is best for my fellow-mea in the highest and best sense, when I am not venting a theory, but setting forth a revelation from heaven. He who gave us the infallible Book tos all the re sponsibility for its contents. If I believe what God tells me, and do what He bids me, the results are with Him, and not with me. He is the ruler of the universe, and not I; and if there he any terrible mysteries, He must explain them, and not I, if they ought to be explained. Iam like a servant who is sent to the door with a message ; if I deliver the mes-age which my master gives me as I receive it, you must not be angry with me, for I did not invent the message, I only repeated it to you, Be angry with my master, not with me. That is how I feel when I have done preaching. If I have honestly preached what I believe to be in God's Word, I am free from all responsibility for my ministry. My re- sponsibil ty lies in endeavouring to " interpret the Word as clearly as I can ; I am not accountable for its teaching. I have not- before me the unbearable burden of composing a Gospel. I remember well a minister, whom I much respect, saying to me, I wish I could feci as you do. You have certain fixed ' principles about which you are sure, and you have only to state them and enforce them ; but I am in a formative state ; I make my theology fresh every I week.' Dear me, I thought, what a hopeless state for progress and establishment ! If the student of mathematics had no fixed law as to the value of numbers, but- made a new multiplication table every week, he woxdd not make many calculations. If a baker ware to say to me. ' Sir, I am always altering the ingredients of my bread ; I make a different bread every week;' I should be afraid the fellow would poison me one of these days. I would rather go to a man whose bread I had found good and nourishing. I cannot afford to experiment in the bread of life. Beside, there is an intellectual unrest in all this kind of thing, which is escaped fromjfvhen we come to love the Word of the Lord as we love our lives. Oh, the rest of knowing within your very soul that the truth you rest upon is a sure foundation ! Those who love God's Word have also a great-peace which comes of a pacified ccn science. Conscience is as a terrible wild beast when aroused and irritated by a sense of sin. Nothing will quiet conscience effec tually and properly but the great doctrine of the substitutionary sacrifice of Christ. When we see that God has laid on His only begotten Son all our iniquities, and that the chastisement of our peace was exacted of Him, as our substitute, then conscience smiles upon us. If God is satisfied with regard to our sins we are satisfied too. Wc see in the sacrifice of our Lord Jesus Christ that which must satisfy Divine justice, and therefore our conscience receives a safe and holy quietus, and we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ, by whom also we have received the atonement . And the same conscience also brings great peace when it bears testimony to renewal of heart and life. When a man knows in'his own soul that he seeks to do that which is right in the sight of God, and that he is aspiring aftar a pure, gracioui, useful life, he has great peace even when ( tiers ridicule him. If you 1 a re taken your own way, and acted dishonestly for gain, peace will not visit your heart ; but if you have loved God's law, and kept to the wav cf strict integrity, you will have within your own bosom an angel of peace to strengthen yon in the hour of sorrow. 4 The testimony of a good conscience' is like the song of the angels to the shepherds at Bethlehem. Beloved, what a peace the love of the Word brings to the heart ! All hearts require an object of love. How many hearts have bee a broken because the thing Beloved tos disappointed them, and proved false to their hopes ! But when you love God's Word, your love is not wasted upon an unxorthy object. It introduces you to Christ, and you love Him intensely, and however much you yield your heart-to Him, you axe always safe. Jesus is never aJndas to His-friends. Jesus cannot be loved too well, and hmce the heart has great peace when it comes to " Him. To love Gcd's Word gives great peace as to our desires. You will not be grasping after wealth when the Word is better to you than the most fine gold. You will not be ambitious to shine among men when to you the Word of the Lord is a kingdom large enough. Your desires will be regulated by true wisdom when your heart is garrisoned bv the Word of the Lord waich dwells in you riehly. When. Christ Himself is our all in all, we are harboured in the haven of peace. When our desires find their pasturage around the Great Shepherd's feet-, our ambition ceases to roam, and we abide at home in peace. Content v i4h a dinner oi? herbs in our Lord's company, we no longer pine for the stalled ox of the wicked who prospers in his way. To love the law is to cease from coyetousness, and to cease from covetousness is great peace. When we love God's law also, we reach forward to the peace of resignation to God, acquiesce in His wfll, and act in conformity to it. Itisof no usefco quairel with God : let me say more, it is disgraceful. UDjr.ateful. . and wicked for a child of God to do so. When we Tva-fectly yield to God our heart's sorrow isatanend. . T oe sfeuig of affliction Res in the tail oL our rebellion against the Divine will. When we love God's Word intensely, we take pleasure in persecutions, tribula tions, an I infirmities, since they instencfc ua in the divine promises, and open up to us the hidden mean ings of the Spirit. Our mind is so near to God, and so pleased with all that pleases TTim, that we do not desire to suffer less, or to be less-weak, or leas -tried, than the will of God ordains. To love t e law and the Lawgiver go s a great v. ay towards loving all ti at He appoints and d >cxt es ; and his ii a garden of p a ie to all that 1- now it. iies'des, the L-ve of the W< rl breeds a happy con fidence in God as to all things in the pa t, the present, or the future. Whatsoever the Lord dce3 or pormits must be right, or work right. 4 We know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them that- are the called according to His purpose.' This is a very peace-breathing belief. When we love God's Word , we see God at the beginning of every thing, God at the end of everything, and God in the middle of everything; and as we see Him presint whom we love, we cease from anxious thought. My soul is even as a Wfaned child.' Of such a man is it written, 4 His soul shall dwell. at- ease.' — The- Lord whom he takes to be his Shepherd mikes -him to lie down in green pastures, and he asks no more. IU- Iam cramped by want of time ; I musf, t lere- f ore, in a very few words sum up what deserves to be spoken at length upon the third point. Here is a singular preservation : Nothing shaH offend them.' There shall be no stumbling-block in their way. ' Intellectual stumbling-blocks are gone. One asks me, 4 Do you mean to siy that you real the Bible and do not find difficulties in it !' I regard the Word of God as being infallibly inspired, tni therefore if I find difficulties in it, which I must do from the very nature of things, I acci p I what God says about those difficulties and pass on. The Word of God does not profess t-o explain all mysteries ; it leaves . them mysteries, and my faith accepts them as such. . When out in a yachtin the Clyde we came opposite the great rockcalled the Cock of Arran. Our captain did net steam right ahead, and rush at the rock; no, he did what was much wiser ; he cast anchor for the flight the-bay at the foot of it, so that we were sheltered from the- wind by the vast" headland. I remember looking up through the darkness of the night &nd; adr pairing its great sheltering wing. A difficulty was it. _ It became a shelter. Every now and then in Scripture you come before a vast truth. Will you steam against it, _ and wreck your soul ? Will you not, with truer wisdom, east anchor under the lee of it ? Do we need to understand everything ? Are we to be all brain, and no heart ! What should we be the better if we did understand all mysteries ? I believe God. I bow before His Word. " Is not this better for us than the conceit of knowing and understanding ! We are as jet mere children. We kziow in part. Of course., we are'blessed, in this enlightened age, with some won derfully great men, who understand more tton the an cients, and either know the unknowable, ®r think they do.In a sentence I will give you the resultof my observa tion upon men and things : 4 No man knows every thing except a fool, and he knows nothing.' I have not yet met with any exception of this rule ; no, not even .among the superior persons who prefer culture to Scripture. If thou lovest tto Word of God, thou wilt see no diffiulties which wfll in the least cause thee to: stumble. Love to the Word is the abolition of diffi culties. Things hard to be understood become step ping-stones on which to rise, and not stumbling-blocks over which to fall. 4 Nothing shall offend them.' Does not tlrs also men that no moral duty shall be a cross to them which shall cause them to turn aside ? They will not turn away from Jesus because a sin has to be abandoned, a lust deniel, or a pleasure given up. Tne man who has counted theeost will not be offended bv h'j Lord's requirements. Does Jesus say, 4 Do this,' he does it without demur. Does Jesus say, 4 Cease from that." He withdraws his band at the instant. When a man once loves the law of God, albeit it involves self-denial, humiliation, loss, he shrinks not the cost . Self-denial ceases to be self-denial when love commands it. The cross of Christ is an easy yoke ani soon ceases to be a burden. A duty which for little season is irksome becomes pleasurable before long to a lover of tliclaw of the Lord. Moreover, the man who loves Gol's law is not offended if he has to stand alone. To some persons it- is impossible to traverse a lonesome way, but he that truly loves God's law resolves that if all men forsake him he will cleave to the Lord and His truth. Can you not stand alone ? Does solitude offend you ? As forme, I am resolved not to follow a multitude to do evil. I will keep to the old faith, and the old way, if I never find a comrade between here and the celetiid gates. I do not think a man loves God's Word thoroughly t ill it breeds in him a self-contained peace, so that he is satisfied from hiinsalf, and diinks water out of the cistern of his own experience. Paul was not offended, though at his first answer no man stood by him. What have we to do with other men as supporters of our faith? To their own master they stand 01 fall. As for our Master in heaven, let us follow Him through life, and unto death ; for to whom else could we go ? He only hath the words of eternal life. , Neither will such persons ever be so offended as to despair of God's great cause. The nigbt grows darker and darker, but the man who loves the Divine law expects the sua to rise at- his appointed hour. Oh, that the Lord woull hasten it in His own tim<» ! If he delay, we will not therefore doubt. Grace ha9 produced, in past ages, men who were confident as to the triumph of truth when others feared for it. Look at the dauntless courage of Luther, who, when everybody else despaired" of the Gospel, trusted his God aud cheered his people, and would not hear of dra ring back. He could not pronounce the word 4 despair.' 4 Luther, canst thou shake Borne ? The harlot sits enthroned upon her seven hills, canst thou hope to dislodge her, or loose the captive nations from her bonds ? Canst thou do this ?' 4 No,' said Luther, 4 but God can.' Luther brought his God into the quairel, and you know which way the conflict turned. Not to-day, nor to-morrow, nor in twenty years, may God's truth win ; but tie Lord can afford to 'wait. TT.%. lifetime is eternity. 0 struggler for the truth,, make thou sure that thou art with God and with the truth, and then be sure that God is with thee in truth, and 1 will deliver thee. 4 Nothing shall offend them. ' It is wonderful, if you love God's "Word, how things which are stumbling-blocks to others cease to be in jurious to you. Suppise you enjov prosperity ; if vou love Gol's law, you will not be puffed up by deceitful riches or honours. You will be humble, when all men admire you, and all comforts flow in upon vou. The Lord's Word in your heart will be as a salt to your estate, so that it breeds ia thee neither wordliues?, nor forgetfuluess of God, nor pride. Your goods shall be your good, if you learn to use them for God's glory. The some will be true of adversity. He that e«r» stand 011 the hill-top can stand in the valley. If you love God's law, you are the man to be poor, to be sickly, to be slandered ; for you .can bear it all, because you have meat to eat that the world knows not of. Your love to God's law will furnish you with a ceaseless stream of consolation. Nothing will damp the flame of your spirit, because the Lord feeds it secretly with a golden oil. O servart 1 of God, let us be glad to gether in this day of rebuke ! The thunder is heard, but it is mere noise. The sea roars, but it is only roaring. Let us laugh at those who would silence faithful testimony; for the Lord God omnipotent 1 reigneth,and great s tte peace which He gives to the lovers of His law. As - for you, who lore not God's law, who know nothing of Jesus, because you have never submitted to the law of faith — there is no great peace for you. There may be the deceptive cry of, 4 Peace, peace, when there is no peace but may the Lord save yon from it ! -Soul, there is no hope for thee, thou canst not rest till thou art at one with God. As surely as God made thee, thou must yield to thy Maker, and accept thy Redeemer, and be renewed by His Holy Spirit, or thou ait lost for ever. I pray God the Holy , Gho$t lead thee to accept what ,God has revealed, and bow -thyself -to the supreme majesty of HQs-Word, especially to the tower and grace of ihe Incarnate Word, the Lord Christ Jesus ; then wilt " thou have great peace for this world and the next. God bless you, beloved, for Christ's sake. Amen. 