MELBOURNE IN 1889. i (FROM A CORÏlESrONDBNÏ.) Mo. II. .Melbourne is a city of wide streets and »arrow ' lanes. Visitors adra re the former, and usually ignore the latter, and yet thoso lanos, or, as they aro called. Little Collins or Little Bourke streets. <5tft, play an important part ¡n city matters. Hora are to be found admirable examples of bick slums, ' large warehouses, ground floor and first floor shops, ' a Chines« Josshouse, and haunts of the itumnral and criminal classes, all curiously mingled togother. ' Lawyers and pickpockets, merchants and courtesans, pawnbrokers and Chinero, rub shoulder« more or less in the little streets of Marvellous Melbourne. ' People who only uso their powers of observation BtiporOc ally, ara apt to imagino that Molbouine is a city remarkable for its thoroughfares; but ns the result o£ careful eva-nination, I assort thit in pro- portion to building aroa, Melbourne has les-« road- way than Sydney. Roughly «poking the streets of the lattor aro all a chain (GGft) wjdo, while tho«o of the forinor are of two o'asses. viz., a chain and a half, and half a chain wide, so thnt, for ex- ample, Collins-street, and Little Oollinvstrcot unitedly p< ssess a width equal to George and Pitt strcota combined. "But then, the distances between .the parallel stri ots is very much greater in tho capital of Victoria than in that of Now South Wales, and this noce«st,rily roduces the extont of road space materially. But tho wider streets of Melbourne pot mit of footpaths 20ft wido iu place of tho 12ft. pathways of the older city. In the " Little " street«, or lanes, of Melbourne, tia footpaths are only about 8ft wide, and are seriously uncomfortable and fruitful in the production of acoidents and profanity. As some sort of guide to . persons who do not readily appreliond space by figures, it may bo said that Qoorge-street from Park-street to the Redfern station, is about the samo width as the " crack " slreots of Marvellous Molbourne, which aro very inferior affairs, try the way, to the grand main thoroughfares of Adoiaide, and but litte wider than Queen-street, Bri«bano, about whioh no undue fuss is attora pted. Tho streets of the Me bourne suburbs aro remarkable for little't except foul drains a< d unlimited mud: mud to which the " Slough of Despond " was " not a circumstance." Thoro are times when tho mud in question changes to dust. and with the aid of tho first award, siroccos, which frequently gambol around and throughout Mar velloua Molbourne, the said dust play» tho verv mischief with shopkeepers' goods, domestic furni- ture, and personal clothing, to say nothing of the .enrice it renders to a large and thriving body of oeculists, to whom tho dust is as good as a per- manent annuity. Thero was a time when the suburbs of the groat sou'hern capital woro charming retreats from tho toils of tho city, but thoir rapid extension has outstnpned comfort, cleanlinrss, and aabatàntial( architecture, and tho vost mushroom .rop of limber structurel that has sprung up around Melbourne is an unpleasant feature, while tho supremo ignorance or recklessness ovincod in crowd- ing frail dwellings upon swampy ground is truly deplorable, and gives promise of pestilence and cur- tailed longevity. Treo planting has been attempted in somo streets, and the Plane tree« at the east end of Collins-street are á* suecos»; but hore commendation halts. Perhaps it is asking too much of a tree to flourish amid the hot jrlare and chilly fog* of Melbourne ?tr»ets, though the sewage that percolates through the bottoms and sides of the open sewers should encourage any rational and enterprising troo to make a dtart in life, and having statted to " keep it up." . With the advent of cable tramways (of which moro anon) Melbourne found it ncce«sary to im- prove upon Macadam for at least so much of tho roadway as was oooupiod by the rails, and in the oase ot portions oF a few streets wood blocking has been recently introduced, though only a very small portion has been laid fiom kerb to kerb. It is now, thoietoro, quite easy to cross even Bourko-strcet noir the Poat-offlco on a wet day n.inus mud-an impossible achievement a few years aga Indeed, I remember quite »voll in 1884 paying a 'bus fare to be driven across Bouise-streot in tbo very heart ot the city, tho ankle-deep mud proving unattrac- tive lo foot-pa-sengers. Tlus rivulots of sewage at tl.e iutrnvettioos of Elizabeth with Bourke and Collins streets have-blessed fact!-disappeared, and thero is no longor much daniter of adults being drowned in Elizibcth streot after a heavy shower, as was a not altogether unusual occurrence a few years back1. Kemomboring that several milos of wood paviug were laid in Sydney before Me>bourno put down a single block, I was rather amused when the other' day a Molbourne man assured me that "Sjdnoy is an awfully dirty place, you know; they ought to copy us, and go in for wood pavements." On my remarking that I thought Melbourne had followed Sydney in the matter, he seemed hurt, but a second after brightened up, and triumphantly cried, " VVVll, we've got the most perfeot tra nways in the world." Certainly the Melbourne tramways are excellent in many respects, but they have their drawbacks. The tramways of Melbourne are the local "Beautiful Harbour," and however nice they may be, it is distressing to bo constantly invited (about thrice an hour is the average) to express enthusiasm respecting them, and the more so when, in common honesty, you can't say you deem thom pertection. Thoy are " handy" for people shopping, nnd travelling short distances, and being in all tbo principal streets are certainly useful to the multitude ; but they would Bot do for tbe heavy suburban traffic of the Sydney , suburb*. Indeed the Sydney tramways are ia leality street railways, and aro tolerably elastic in meeting emergencies in the traffic, while those of Molbourne are rigid-they carry a given number and -no moro. That they pay is due to several causes ; chiefly, that while in Sydney fares are Id. and 2d. per section, in Melbourne the mini- mum fare is 3d., thus being 100 and 200 per cont higher than Sydnoy rates. The recent succosBful balance-sheet was also more due to the Exhibition traffic than to tho ordinary traillo, and with the termination of the bie show there must have been a heavy decline in tbo takings. The arrangement of the tars is anything but good. Doors at either end, constantly open, oauso terrifio draughts, and a journey in a tram car while suffer- ing from a cold is a sad'y hazardous exploit Nor is the constant trampling of the collector over your toes agreeable, ns two dozen timeB in a journey he charges tip and down the car. The passengers also have io »oramble over one another's teot to get in and out, and I bave witnosscd serious damage to costly drcsBos through this inoonveniont process. Biding on a dummy is risky, as at times carts back into thom, and iryou escape with a broken leg you may consider yourself fortunate. Lives have been loot this way. The strict architecture of Melbourne is chaotic, and as " every man doeth that which is right in his own oyes," it ia likely to remain so. Thoro was a timo (perhaps still is) when Lancashire factory ouner« atrovo to outdo their follows in tho heisrht ot their chimney stacks, and a similar spirit of emulation (ipi cars to actuate the proprietors of city lots in the southern capital. Buildings seven storeys lii^h. stand cheek by jowl with others of two and throe storey», and not only is thero extreme irriígú anty a's to height, but ,also as to design. A wild yeal nmg aft»r novelty an inttnso desire for something unlike anything o'se-afflicts Melbourne architects ; anil while somo of iho new buildings aro v«y hand- some, the wildest ila tery could not attempt praise of others. An o.vtrenioly tasteful, though not very busmo'slike-looking front has boen put to a lofty building in Wo«t Collins- street for the Hon. Mr. James, M.L.O., but it is to bo feared that the fogs and «moke of the city will sneedily destioy the white and red tints of the stonework. The monastic looking bank at tho corner of CoLlins and Queen streets is more eccentric than handsome, but the brown sandstone from Pyrmont, of which it is built, retains its distinctive colour well, and affords the eye an agreeable relief from the prevailing smoky line of the stucco-faced structures which constitute the vast majority of Melbourne buildings. An unpleasant feature of the street is the existence of huge paiatcd advertisements on the blank walls of ioity . building»-an evil thing, unhappily extending to Sydney. It may be consoling, or it may bo exas-1 perating to the hungry to read of grillod chops at tlw distance of half a mile; but people with ' < ordinary feelings aro apt to .anathematise tuo " ohopist." The faot that Twofegs'a trousers aro procurable at 15s. Gd. a pair may bo of interest to that estimablo tradesman, and possibly to his cub- . tomnrs in pout, but why should a whole street bo | disfigured in order that the liftcou-and-sixpenny | garments may bo vaunted ? At tho eastern end of Bourko-stroot the great pile of Parliamentary buildings makes snail's progrès towards completion. Twenty years ngo tho struc- ture was, if 1 remembor rijhc.'niuoh as it is to- day, except that to-day thero is n lot moro scaffold- ing, and whon it wili bo that tliis great Capitol is really completed is a mystery too deep to fathom. Tho finished poition, however, is comfortable and fairly convenient, and the law-makora of Viotoria are Unused moro luxuriously than nra those of Now South Wales, Payment of membors has not placed a limit on the good thinss of Parliamentary lito in the southern coiony, for very much greater privileges aro ncoirdod thoro than in tho mother colony. £300 a-y*inr, free transit for themselves and wives over the State railways, und for thomsolv<-s by all steamers and coaches carrying mails within tho colony'-those aro some of tho advantages of Senatorial position in Victoria. In ndd.tion, mom bars are prov dod with bi.liard-rooms within and lnwn-tt nnis grounds without the Parliament Houses, and aro generally moie sumptuously cat ed for than they are in the old Rum Hospital in Macquario stroot Liko the Parliament House*, tho General Post Office al the eornor of Bourke and E izibeth street) is sunounded with scaffolding. Twenty years ago this building was said to bo complete," but for several years past something has been in progress in tho way of additions-a story or eo being clapped on iho top, but the progress is extremely slow, and meanwhile the forest of beams nbiiut th« building is mo-it unsightly, and throws, tho portions open to the publie inio a deep twilight, whioh is the reverso of ohoarful on a cloudy day, and adds to the mu nncholy colour of the dingy structure. But what is to bo taid of tho weather- board shanty, which, for moro than 20 years, has diBligured E izabeth-stroet, nut! constitutes tho head- quarters of telegraphy in Maivollous Molbouino ? The wholo thing ia simply n disgrace to tho city and colony, and if tho building wore in .Sydney, without doubt the Mayor would order its immediate demolition. And thon the furniture inside! Two or threo rickety tables, slrewn ovor with filthy scraps of blotting-paper, aro provided for the uso of the tolegiapliing public aud as ' you sit on an equally riekoty choir, penning your di-patoh, you have the blessed knowledge thnt your neighbours at tho table can freely overlook all you w.ritc Certainly you possess the same privilege in respect of thoir messsLOS should thoy be writing any, but it U by no means unusual to see persons sitting at the tables, apparently only resting and looking about thom, and theso folks certainly havo what the Americans call "the bulgo of you." But your annoyances do not end with the completion of your manuscript, for thore exists a wretched regulation requiring that telegrams must be paid for in stampB and not in caBh, So you ha>e to purchase a stamp from a stamp vendor behind a ellong wire screen- offioals must bo fearfully peculativo and the publio awfullv burglaiious in Marvellous Melbourne-and this necessitates, to some extent, the finger- ing of the stamp on both side* (a not very nice process with purspiiing hands), and then it is pushed towards you, gum side down, along tho dusty counter, from under tho wire fence, and thus roaches you in a condition that induces you to hesitate lo apply it to your tongue in order that it may bo stuck on the message. The sooner this disgusting budines is terminated, and Mulbourno Fels about having a real telctrdph-oilico, instead of a makeshift shanty, the bettor. Speaking of shanties reminds one of tho queer practice that exists of permitting the erection of carpenters' shops over the footpaths in front of new buildings. R ght in the busiest portion of Collins-street, nearly opposite the Exchange, I witnosiod the building of a large workshop over the footpath and roadway in front of the Safe Depository Company's now promises. > The Melbourne Exchange is remarkable in many ways, not the least Wing tho difficulty of reaching it. I sh'Mild recommend thoso who desire to visit the Exchange to do so via the luncheon-rooms in Queon-atreot Go through theso, and up a phono monally- draunb.tr flight of stairs, and you fi'id yourself in a well-lighted room, with floor of black and-white ti io?, and an abundant supply of news- papers. This is the Exchange, whioh is presided over by a most courteous secretary in tho person of Mr. Russell. The usual mode of entry, however, is thr mgh a narrow doorway, up three stops, from Collins-street, and then comes a harrowing struggle through a dense mass of more or less seedy manhood, who so entirely block up the long, narrow passage that leads to the Exchange room, and who are all intent upon the latest fluctu- ations of the share market, that no one but tho stout-hearted would haztrd the enterprise. Hope, exultation, disappointment, and even despair may be lead in the eager faces of the steamy crowd, through which aimlessly wander men'with white, drawn visa^ea-men who ouoe played their parts in the great gamble, and now, empty- ponketed, merely haunt it. Dante's " Inferno" does not provide for stockjobbers, nor need it ; the poor »hare-trafficker has a bad enough time in this life as a general rule. But let us quit the realms of detusive scrip, and pay a visit to the Botanic Gardens. Marvellous Melbourne owes muoh to New South Walos, for it was a Sydney surveyor who laid out the oity, and it is New South Wules coal that enables it to exist as one, tor without the coal there would be .no steamers, no trains, no trams, no factories, no gas, and Marvellous Melbourne would bo but a wood fuoiled township. The rioh men ot Marvellous Melbourne draw a vast share of their wealth from the pastures of tho old colony, who9e myriad fleeces, passing through Viotoria, go to fiotitioualy swell its exports; but one of tho greatest obliga- tions Now South Wales has conferred upon her ungrateful daughter is to be found in the transfer of the Borvicos of her talented son, Mr. Guilfoyle, tho successful and pop ilar director of the Botanic Gardens. What nature denied, Mr. Guilfoylo bos supplied by art, and in a climate by no moans ad- vantageous for the horticulturist, has created the grand gardens whioh constitute one of the finest features of a great city. But, alas, it appears that his splendid work is threatened with dismal destruction, and in this wiso : The gardens are watered (?) with liquid matter purapod from the Yarra-it would bo satirical to call it wator, so fearful a combination is it of liquid horrors from a legion of factories, from city sewers, and some real water from the upper river. Now, 'this interesting fluid did n .t deitroy the majority of the vegHtation la the gardens, . though it looked foul enough in the ponds-beg pardon, lakes but recently Bomo wiseacres in authority-whother politioal, municipal, or trust, I know not:-caused the removal of the row of rocks bolow Prince's Bridge, known as the Falls, and with thoir re- moval, the tide made its wav up stream, and added salt water and the woeful filth of the lower Yarra to the existing nastiness. When this bad been supplied "to the gardens for a whie, plante and tre-s alike began to give up the horticultural ghost. They had mado a bravo fight against Upper Yarra polution, but the horrors of the lower river were too muoh. So tho herbaceous plants and bulbs | went first, then tbo trec3 began to give up the struggle, and the lovely Ferntree Gully followed suit. Mr. Guilfoyle telis the sad story of destruc- tion in the pages of the Ai-aus, so I need not en- large upon it . To another paper must bo left other topics of interest, the present one having reached a length i that forbids addition. _ _ BPHYNX. The Church Missionary Intelligencer \ announces that the Archbishop of Canterbury, nn the recommendation of the Church Missionary Society, has , appointed to the vacant seu of Travancore and Cochin, ! South India, the Rev. Edward Noel Hodges, M.A., of I Queen's College, Oxford, a missionary of the society now in Ceylon. Mr Hodges was formerly principal if the society s college at Muulipatara, South India, and ' is at present principal of its college at Kaudy. 