SYDNEY CHURCH SOCIETY. ANNUAL MEETING. The annual meeting of members of the S dnty Church Society was held last even ing ac the Y.M.C.A. Hail, Pitt and Bathuret streets. The Most Rev. the Primate nresided. The annual report was read and showed that " tho income for the yoar from the ordinary sources was £5573 10s 2d against JCG149 0s 7d in 1887, the decrease arising muinly from the auxiliaries, but in addi tion there was received, as special dona tions, £322 lGs; Perpetual Subscribers' Fund, £325 ; Pension Fund, £125 making a total for the year 1888 of £G31G Gs 2d. " The amount received on account of sti pends and salaries was £15,811.70 3d against £15,907 12a 9d the previous year. leo/.cies. " A sum of £100, being an instalment of tho late Mrs. Bowman'8 legacy to the parish of Richmond, has been recoived, but no legacy for its general purposes has fallen to the society during the year." The expenditure showed that the num ber of parishes and districts assisted by grants in aid of stipends or salaries was 71, involving an expenditure of £4591 19b 4d. The committee, in closing their report appealed for larger aid for tho society's aims and objeots, and referred to tho approach ing Ioeb of the Primate, wno for tho past ' five years had presided over the society. During the course of his address Dr. Barry Eaid they wonld tender a hearty welcome to the Bishops of GoulLurn and. Batburst who were on the platform. He alluded to the work of the Congress at present in Ee3sion, and referred briefly to the fact that thiB was the last occasion on which he would address them. During the short period of five years he bad learned a great deal of Australia, especially in church matters. Daring hiB time here he had consecrated 13 churohcs, licensed 20 more churches, and 20 sohoola and mieeion churches and other religious and educational institutions in the diocese. The clergy in the diocese had increased from about 100 five years ago to about 150, or 50 per cent. They had opened 40 new centres of the light and grace of God in new districts. He alluded to other advances to show the material fact of cbnrch extension. He was a moat thorough adherent of theSynodical system hy which the bishop was in constant communication with the Diocesan Council end the Diocesan Synod. The growth of their cathedialhecouldnothelp alluding to. He had seen it in ever-increasing measure become a true centre for the diocese. | There had been a great growth of spiritual animation. In spits of the vituperations which some of them had heard their church bad grown np able to uphold the cause of Christianity. Of course they had had tbeir losses, their divisions, and their con troversies, and theBe divisions and con- I loversies had been exaggerated, especially by anonymous writers and irresponsible persons. These had alwayB been settled by the Synod. His Lordship further alluded to the many visits he had paid to every town in the dioceBe. He had always been received, even by those outBide the ohurch, with sympathy. He could not but publioly acknowledge the fact that after all there was a deep underlying belief in English people for the 'Church of England. This might in time lead to union, to the settling of the divisions existing. Un questionably they had very serious foes in Sydney. _ He was sorry to see the growing desecration of the Lord's Day, in which Sydney, among ell the cities of the Empire, held a bad pre-eminence. Not alone tbe So-called freethought lectures, but the great fee was the growing paganism, the attempts to compromise with Christianity, which is fatal to it: As to the future, their prospects were good if they would only rise to their opportunities. The church must be at once Conservative and Liberal, conserving what is old and adapting what is new. He should like tho power of church law increaeed — the bishops and his councils— absolutely supreme. He should like to see a means of dealing decisively with clergy men and congregations where either re- qniro it, and tbe formation of a great central stipend fnnd out of which the minimum stipend of the clergy could be as sured. The more independent the clergy the better tbey could perform their duties, and thus they would draw into their ranks those of higher sooial position and larger education. Referring to petty dissensions hp read in a clever book called the Auto biography of a Slander tbe other day that the dietinction between High Church and Low Ohnrch was that one took sugar in their tea and tho other did not. Ho felt hound to toll them that tho syBtem of the Chnroh of England was not the Congregational system. He wished to add that tne chnroh in Australia should become more self-reliant, and should officer herself out of those who had large colonial experiences. He agreed with tne remarks of Lord Carrington that as they manufactured their own iudges they should also produce their own bishops. Conscious aB he was of his own shortcomings, he earnestly prayed that' God wonld grant them an abler leader ; but whoever he may be, he hoped he wonld maintain the comprehensive system of the Chnrch of England. I The Bishop of Bathurst, in moving the first resolution, told a humorous anecdote, in whioh a man who slept in a haunted room scared a ghost hy asking him for a subscription to a Sunday School Union. He quoted this just to ehow that the Sydney people were not like unto this ghost, and wonld not ho frightened by the prospect of being asked for a subscription. He moved that the report he printod and circulated among the subscribers. _ The Hon E. Knox seconded tho resolu tion, and in doing so regretted that tho fund receipts wore only cne-balf what tboy ought to bo. He pointed out the necessity for keeping up the Btipend fund. Thoy bad many funds and many societies, but none which deserved so much support as the Church Society. If they got obo penny a month from overy member of tho Cburcb of England in the diocese thoy would have more than enough. The Rev. Canon Lanoley supported tho resolution. One of tho roasonB why churchwardens and others were so zealous about funds wbb that they had to provide for their local church. They had here an organisation in which every parish was represented, and ho maintained tho Church Society was the best organisation for carrying out the object in viow, which was that sparsely populated parishes oould obtain assistance from rich parishes or from n central fund. He believed the great enemy tbey had to fight was not old and effete forme of religion, hut the spirit of paeanism and materialism and infidelity— not the infidelity thoy heard abont from some quarters in roforenco to educated men, but the infidelity of crass ignorance, of men who have not studied or thought about the subject. He did not think tbey would agree they were draw- ing the masses of the people into tho Chnroh. They were not doing all they conld, and to remedy this they ehiuld increase their agents. ' Tho Rev. Archdeacon Julius, of Balla- rat, moved the next resolution, which called upon them for inoreased snpport towards tho society. He ailudod to tho increasing tendency to the congrega tional system manifested in many parishes. There ought to be no begging in the Church of England, but whon tho laity would not give the clergy had to beg. Mr. Kent seconded the motion; whioh woe carried. > The proceedings concluded by tho sing- leg of a liymn and a vote of thanka td- tho Primate. ! 