-, ; SATURDAY JUNE 22/ 1889. j Local aud General Moirs. : . If you want. Bargains, go to¡ White .and i Co.'s ' saloon Wednesday.'".". ¡ POMCB. -; Consequent lipon recent police changes at the Tweed River, we note j that Mounted Constable Brown, of Lismore; has been transferred'to the charge of ' the'Murwill umbah station. During his two and aj half years,. residence here,, ? Constable Brown j has proved himself ari atteritivo and efficient officer,, and we wish him every success rjn.,;his i now .sphoré of action. . ... .' "" ' j Do not recklessly destroy your eyesight by the use of inferior spectacles or Improperly adnpted ones but buy the best glass or pebbles at H. HABDINO'B, Woodlarlc-Htreet, Lismore, whore they are adapted swording to scientific principles. Also,'' eyo-glnss holders, eye-prot. otors, Seo. FAKM. We learn that a Sydney buyer han just purchased through that well known knight oi tho hammer, Mr. Jampa McDougall, a farm.; of 240 acres in the Big Scrub, for tho »nm of £1440, the tarma being cash; and'',further understand that the samo Aiiotinnoor has also sKveral othsr farm» un>ler offer to some., other :Sydney and South Coast intending purchasers. Drapery, Millinery, Groceries, Hardware, j and every thin g at White and Co.'s on Weduesday (next at U o'clock-Soe Mackay's advt. | SnirrlNO.-Wo notice by the shipping reports of ? Sydney, that Mr. W. Northcott, of Liatnon, is just landing from London by tho s.a. Fifeshiro,; a larg« .number.nf cases, casks, and bales of Saddlery. There is no doubt that when those 'Goods- arrive,.rtho général-Public will have a .variety to choosy from, which' for excellence^ and quality have not been offered hore before, while Jhtrgaina jrill,bn;the nile. : ¡ ' Goods of ; every description may . be obtained at Colenian'sfnew Storo. :'"-'.''' ' POSTPONED. -The sale of Mr. Glassy's Equity pf Redemption has been postponed from to-day. until 12 o clock on Saturday, 29th juno. ! ; : C*Nis-PiiAf»rxNO.-A Mauritius exchange mon tions a new method nf cane- planting .which is being introduced in Bennion. Thé cutting is no longer laid horizontally at the bottom of the hole, and covered with a small quantity of earth, as han been done from time immemorial. On the contrary, in the new procoss the vertical position ia adopted. This is how it ia done; To begin with, the 2oz. to 4oz. of artificial manure, which ia usually employed, is put at tho bottom pf the whole, which i« filled up with the whole .quantity of tho dung usually applied three months after planting. In the middle of the hole thus prepared »nd filled up a sort pf shaft ls'' formod .by. miana of , a strong crowbar, plunged 'deeply enough to reach the hard'soil and .enter it for lin. or 2in., and'in this is. 'placed the cane plant; the heart of which is. scarcely visible at the. surface of tho hole. Ex periments, made over a tolerably large in Feb ruary last are said to have produced wonderful results. While the eyes nf tho'upper part of the plant rapidly throw out tho first stems, thosoof the lower portion Rwell to art enormous extent, and, penetrating ' the surrounding soil, finally emerge in very largo shoots, tof suoh a degree that tho bunch of canes attains, in a few months, quite unusual proportions. j Everything to be sold without tho ghost of a re servo, at White aajfl Co.'s on Wtduesday. j \- All who aro on shopping- bent should visit Cole man's in Magellan-street. .?/;.! ?'. Sugar has gone up with.a bound of late, .which should somewhat revive that #r-ind old industry. ; The Ladies' rendezvous ia Coleman's new Store. ' Grand Skating Tournament st ; Lisino«, on July 4. I Nominations for £3 Handicap cU«e on July I. ? As there will beaittfing^aeconiiiriidatioh for 200 spectators, nn the.ntfw'Stage there, should be a large ittnndan:e. UEÍP.-A persou cured of deafness and noises in the head of '¿'A years* standing hy a simple remedy, will send a discriptinn of it I-BEK to »ny person who applios to Nicholson, 175^ "William-street, -r.Mel bourne. ' * . ' .:' '' > "'' . The steamerJRfclen Nichol landed at.Horwond 'Island for thia district, Mr. Emory und family of 17, together with 75 young cattle. -"The-Lismore Bund~ will~]plfty~ ~ä"" selection "of music in Woodlark .street this Saturday evening, at 8 'o'clock. [ . j y\ j i . -?' i ; Fi vo 'competent workmen constantly'employed at ^EdwardsTiird CkViiipuûy'H M^olesWoVtli-atrcit, Lis moro, where boots aud shoes arc mudo or repaired in first-class style with dispatch, and at Sydney prices. Friday the shortest day, mid-winter. ! Mr. D. Sharpe intimâtes that he has taken Soasession bf the Wardell Sawmill and Sash and loor Factory, and solicits support. Visit Coleman's Now Store on Saturday and inspect Now Stock. Concert at Woodlawn on Monday evening. Regatta at Swan Bay on August 17. Mr. J. Dunno ha« taken the Blakebrook Hotel, which he will conduct on a liberal scale. Ou Wednesday just after Dr. McClelland had mounted his -horse aud was riding out of Casino the anima] becoming restive threw tho doctor, and broke his log. Tho following have been applied for at Casino Land Offlco :-E. F. Williams, 150 nores, parish Dyraaba ; P. Gwynne, 150 acres. Jiggi ;-. E. F. Williams, el 450 acres, Dyraaba ; P. ûwynuo, cl 125 acres, Jiggi. Baby shows at the Police Court this week. The finest and best display of Trimmed Hats and Bonnots at Coleman's on Saturday.,-- - -~ -v - ^ Man's {inhumanity to . .womankind makes many moarii^:«^-- t -J.» ;? When lovely woman stoops to folly, And finds too late that men betray, The way to soothe lier melancholy And wring his bosom is-to make him pay. ( >Qur Saviour;- said/'' Suffer little children- to come unto me," but many go bogging now-n-days An.vhowythp.moral tone pf thiB district and, the C ilony gouerálly'doea riot «ppoar t<i improve. It is pleasing to note, ho we vor, that; our new j Police Mngistrato will see justice' done, 'e'en I tho' tho heavona may fall. Look out for Coloman's window for millinery on Saturday. The first frost of tho'season waa.futt here on, Tuesday iiight^ _-. : I; * " '.' - v .Twas a nipping arid an oàgor air, and caused a rush to tho ingle cirnar. - . The weather having bi>en clondy, with light rain, since, much damage may not have boen done. rrri? '»? C-l 'ÎU*J. '/ / ¡ But the cann-cotter» - fhóuld' propare for action «re Jack Frost, spoils the effect. The principle of payment of members £300 and expons»a has boen carried In the Assembly Biisbano, by a three-fourths majority. Mr. F. Norrie. Solicitor, pir Grafton, has taken Mr. F. McGuron into partnership.-- Mr.1 Nome is about to take a trip to Europe. Madame Melba has accepted an engagement for four nights at Monto Carlo for £1000, and to maka a tour through the northern cities of Italy at the saino rato. ; .' ^ T-j Ono clause'iiri a new 'Mining Hill in ' Queens .lund "provides; that it Tahalí not be lawful to iisue minore' right« to'anyporson other'than natural born or naturalised British subjects. The ' Church Times' of May 3, states that the Right Rev. Lord Bishop-of : Grafton and Armidaln will shortly losign his sos' aftor'baving served tho colony over 20.yoara.l_ .V S\ The Oo-oporativo Cuíigross at Ipswich" bas adopted a resolution hostile to tho Sugar Boun ties Convention. Employment is tn be found for numbers of mon in topairing roads throughout the colony. It mutters not who mado your boots or where you bought them, bring your repairs in to Edwards aud Company, opposite Freemason's Hotel, Lismore, there you oin rely nn having thom dono neatly, with dispatch, and at prices th» defy compo'ition. GI.OBK NB WK ROOMS.- Messrs. C. Smith and Co. have est-iblished Nows Rooms ut 412, George strict, Sydney, whore 400 of the very best Eng lish and Colonial papers aro filed woekly-the N. Star" amongst them, There is a private room in which clients can transact their business, and we are authorised tn state that visitors from tho country will be made wolcomo. The Syd ney papers speak in high terms of these Rooms, which supply u want long felt in tho city. 