NEW SOOTH WALES MEMS. Tbe English market for Australian hardwood ie improving. Tbe firm of Dalgety and Co. has declared a dividend of 8 per cent. In the preaent Parkes Administration six of the members are Australian natives. A boy named Hildebrandt, of Marulan, is reported to have accidentally shot his brother. It is reported from WHcannia that the Broken Hill track carriers are asking £15 per ton. Mr. Robert Watson, a resident of the Hillston district, has been drowned in the Lachlan River. The northern Masons intend to hold a grand banquet shortly, to commemorate the union of tue Masonic Grand Lodges. Mr. 0'Mai ley Clarke has committed seven men for trial on a charge of having counselled persons to personate electors at the polling booths. The Queensland Government has granted an honorarium of £500 each to Drs. Germont and Loir, in recognition of their pleuropneumonia experiments. In this colony there are present 2165 children under the control of the State Children's Relief Board, of whom 652 are apprenticed and 32 In ordinary service. The question of the eradication of phylloxera was discussed by the conference of fruitgrowers, and a motion in iavor of tbe repeal of the Vine Diseases Act was carried. Prospecting protection areas in the bed of the Fiizroy River, near Ilockhampton, have been provisionally marked off. Gold was found in the river eight months ago. Out of 8,900 wethers which started from Angledool, only 2,700 reached Mungindi. It is stated that fourteen months have elapsed eince rain of a beneficial nature fell in that district. The freetraders of Narandera have decided to hold a public meeting, to which will be invited Sir John Robertson, the members of the "Ministry, the members for tbe district and Messrs. Reid and Wise. At a meeting of farmers held at Mudgee to consider tbe question of the grant of seed wheat to distressed farmers, 142 names were handed in, together with the estimates of the quantity of wheat required. Considerable excitement is reported to have prevailed in the Brisbane share market, especially in reference to the Mount Morgan shares. Sellers rushed the market, and the shares were quoted down to £7 18*. Mr. Cracknell says that if he can induce the Government to sanction tbe purchasing of certain instruments he will commence the delivery of lectures which will make the Sydney operators equal to any in tbe world. A second splendid supply of water has been struck on the Corindab station, near Aramac (Q.). The first artesian bore is yielding a supply of 100,000 gallons per day, and it is anticipated that the yield of the second bore will exceed that amount. Mr. Wilson, the experts, who was sent from Eagland by a syndicate to examine and report upon tbe claims of the Australian Diamondmining Company, Bingera, is reported to have obtained good results of tbe diamonds and gold trom washing. The revenue returns ot this colony for the quarter and the year were published on Saturday. Ia the quarter's revenue tbe increase on the figures lor the corresponding period ot last \enr is £87,391. The years revenue is .£8,973,751, an increase of £431.464. Hares in tbe Orange district are (says the Advocate) multiplying at an astounding pace. Forty bdggtd in a day by a couple of sportsman is nothing unusual, and " a waggon" and not a buggy is required to bring home the Bpoils ol some of the bhooting partiep. Two gentlemen wbo have returned from a visit to the Warrego district (Q), give a lamentable accouut of the effects of the drought there. Ia many places the carcases of sheep were strewn so thickly that they had to literally pick their way among them. M. Pasteur has instructed his representatives in Australia not to undertake the vaccination of sheep against -anthrax in New South Wales anless the Government of tbe colony permit the experiments for. the extermination of rabbits to be dealt with upon their merits. At a meeting held on Tuesday under the presidency of the Chief Justice, a resolution was passed efirming the desirability of foundieg a National Portrait Gallery for the colony, and it was also decided to ask the Premier to make provision for tbe realisation of the de- Bire. Tbe Minister-of-Gducation has been considering the advisability of appointing a sanitary inspector under the Department. The duty of the inspector, if appointed, will be to inspect the schools in the colony, and report 8B to their sanitation, ventilation, and water supply. •Archdeacon Gunther, referring to the prevalence of irreverence and immorality, eaid' that the . last thing he had heard of was that there was a company of young men in Sydney studying tbe principles of Buddhism, and he expected there would be a Buddhist Church there BOOU. A movement has been started hv the Ivanhoe Pasture and Stock Protection 'Board, proposing that the Minister for Lands be triced to call a general meeting in Sydney of the representatives^ of all. the, boards in the colony, to consider the best means tor dealing with the rabbit pest. The Grip, a Grafton paper of strong protectionist leanings, .refers to the fact of Mr. Puisford being in the neighborhood, apd -suggests that he should pay Grafton, a visit. As an inducement it remarks that there is a branch of the Free-trade Association in existence, and it has " 161. to credit." Mr. C. A. Goodchap, M L A., is understood to be on his way back to New South Wales, and Mr. J. H. Want, M.L.A ,may be expected in Sydney within the next fortnight. Mr. See, M.L.A., will also abbreviate his stay in Europe, in order to take up his Parliamentary duties in New South Wales. Tbe complete set of new postage stamps, intended to commemorate tbe centenary of the colony, has been issued from the Government Printing Office, and is now in use. The set consists of the penny, twopenny, fourpenny, Bixpenny, eightpenny, shilling, five shillings, and twenty shillings stamps. Tbe Minister for Lands, speaking of his trip to the West, says that he had no idea that New South Wales was so rich in pastoral lands. He could see now that all that is necessary to make the colony great and wealthy is that tbe necessary interest and weight be given to the claims of tbe pastoralists. A very narrow escape from a serious, if not a fatal, accident occurred at Narandera laBt week. Mr. B. Kenney, of Bucfcingbong, was driving with his wife and family, when the horse ehied, capsizing the vehicle. The occupants were precipitated on to the road, but fortunately met with but slight injury. Mr. William Westgartb, the well-known London financier, in a paper read before the Colonial Institute, blamed Mr. Burns, the Treasurer in the recent Parkes Administration, for issuing the last New South Wales loan at irregular interest dates. Mr. WeStgarth advocated the issuing of 3 per cent, loans. Mr. Brunker, the Minister for Lands, was banquetted at Bourke on Saturday. In response to tbe toast of the evening, he announced his intention to introduce to Parliament an Amending Lmd Bill, and promised to encourage all he could the boring of artesian wells in the Western districts ot the colony. The inquiry which has been authorised to be made into the charges againrt Mr. Fehon, one of the Railway Commissioners, has at last begun. Judge Murray, who has been invested with tbe'powers of a Royal Commission; has taken the evidence of Mr. Fehon. It is not thought that the inquiry willbe of a protracted character. An infant named Margaret linger, aged seven months, residing with'her parents in Redfern, was taken to the'Sydney Hospital on 28th nit. by her mother. The patient -had several deep scratches and punctures about the right cheek and eye, which had been inflicted by a rat while the child was asleep. The injury was dressed at the hospital. A public meeting was held at Forbes with reference to the extension of the water supply to the north hill. A resolution was passed affirming the desirableness of the Council proceeding with the work at once. The extension, according to plans submitted by Alderman Nelson, will cost about £3000. Thp supply to the town proper will be greatly improved thereby. A conference of the municpal authorities of Newcastle and district last week sat to consider the report of Dr.; Ashbtutbnr Thompson upon the defective drainage of Newcastle and the vicinity. To carry out the suggestions contained in the report would entail a cost- of £12,000. It was decided that the matter be brought before the Government by the agency of a deputation. , Another case of typhoid fever has been brought into the Wagga Hospital from Common, making the fourth from that place. In this case the sufferer is a young woman, and -was living in tbe house from which one of the typhoid patients was taken some days since. Her case is serious, she not having been brought to the hospital until the fever had reached a high state. Dr. Dale, in a contribution to tbe Cpntem-1 jporary Review, says the secular schools of Aus tralia make tbe work of the churches easier. He also refers to the magnificent vigor of Methodism in the colonies, and asserts that there is a startling excess of crime in New South Wales, partly because the Anglican Church has lost hold upon tens of thousands of its nominal adherents. This is the way they enliven the monotony of municipal business in . the Bingleton Town Council. Tbe Argus a&ys; : — 41 When the aldermen had left the table, and wpra on their way out of the chamfer, tbe chairman ejaculated, ' I'll fix you ' Put that in your pipes' and smoke it'Go ho-ne and play with tbe oat !' " T4m is their idea of a municipal benediction at the close of their tabors. As an instance of the straits to which many persons of the northern country are reduced for want of water, the case of Mr. G. R. Drysdale, northern station, may be mentioned. Here it has been found necessary to erect a bondonsirg apparatus upon one of the wells, the water of which was found top brackish for •drinking purposes. We learn that the results <6 far haVe been satisfactory. Tibooburra reportsThe idea of getting: goods by teams now is out of the question, camels being alone able. to travel these dry tinges which means just about doubling the coat price of goods delivered to the local con- sumer. One of the pleasures of Hying in a drought country is paying twice orthree times the ordinary price of an article, ana being also thankful that you can get it. At the Melbourne Exhibition, tbe-first prize for polished marble went to a Bathurst stonemason, Mr. J. Burns. The marble came from Brownlow'a quarry, near Rockley, and the construction of a light line of railway from Perth to Rockley—the Bite for which- has already been surveyed—would have the effect of putting this excellent marble within the reach ot builders and others at a distance. It is report jd from Milparinka that an Alrican in charge of South Australian camels arrived recently, and finding the camels had gone to Bourke, followed them. He discovered on arriving *t Bourke that they had left again unloaded. He still followed on their trail, returning to Milparinka after- an absence of three weeks, during which period he rode one camel a distance of 900 miles. The Narramine Land Law Association has resolved that a new Land Act should provide that any conditional, pastoral, or homestead lessee who puts down an artesian bore which yields not less than 20,000 gallons of good water per 24 hours shall have a preferent right of purchase for 20 years of 1000 acres adjoining the land on which the bore has been, sunk, at the maximum price of 10a. per acre. What New South Wales has lost by not going to Paris this year. " Upon the withdrawal of New South Wales the space in the Kiosk was placed at the disposal of the Victorian Government. The general decoratim ot the Victorian Conrt is being done by the British section, and promises to compare favorably with the decoration of the courts of France herselL" So writes the Victorian Agent-General on 15:h February. The local Herald is informed that a well- known squatter has promised a donation of £50 to the Riverina Pastoral and Agricultural Society, on condition that five others contribute a similar sum each. Also, that. Mr. F. S. Falkiner, of Boonoke, has promised £10, on condition that another £90 be contributed by other residents. This £100 to be devoted to setetion 2 (the selectors' class), and tobe divided as the committee may determine. This is the view held at Wilcannra by the Mayor as to the fanctibns of a representative in Parliament:—"Council wiring Minister -urgently requesting him visit district. If impossible, Council think you best remain for Parliament session and attend local matterswater loan, bridge; and invite Minister to visit district after eession^-which will be short." Rather fough on a son ot Charles Dickens to be Ordered about inthismanner by a ^Mayor. On the. 24th instant a private gold escort for the'Bank of New South Wales. left Young for Sydney with 114L<" Z. of gold. 7lOoz. were purchased from the New JBurrangoog .Goldmining Company, and 470JZ. since the middle of January. The entire quantity was locally obtained. About 50 men are employeid on the ioath and new Burrangorg claim.. This number is to be largely added to shortly. The 'escort was the largest from Young for years past. Speaking at Manly last week, Sir Henry Parkes said that in J 879 we employed in manufactures in this -colony £5,697 persons. In 1888 thisuumber-had-grown -ta 45,076, or nearly double. In Victoria through the same period thfey had proUsoti ve lawk \©riafctjad for the express purposes-encouraging manufacturers, and yet the total number, of. people employed under protection there was 49,084— 4 difference of only 3505 persons, as compared with this colony. We {Burrangong • Argut) were, on.Thursday altexnoon, shown « quintette of the finest fat cattle upon which it has been our pleasure to feast our eyes. Their sleekness made one's mouth water for a grilled rump-steak or a piece of roast beef undercut. They were bred and fattened on Gum Fiat by Messrs. Mac- •ker z ; e Bros., and have been in *be habit ot taking prizes -at the annual ehows -at Young and surrounding towns since they were yearlings. The average weight is 13001b. The editor of the Milton Timet has fallen out with the secretary of the local agricultural -society for a alight he was subjected to. This is the way he is "gone for" in the other paper:— "I would suggest that the Milton reporter and editor ot the Express be provided with a brass plate, to be suspended by a brass chain from his neck, something after the style of tbe old aboriginal king's, with a large pair of- shears emboissed upon the plate, indicative of bis office, together with im name, address, title, and high office." Sir Somen Vine, who is visiting Australia in connection with the efforts which are being made to raise funds on behalf of the Imperial Institute, has arrived in Sydney bom Brisbane. While in Queensland he interviewed the Premier there, and op his wav through'the Colonies he will see tbe various Prime Ministers in order, it is understood, to receive financial support from the Australian Governments in aid of the Imperialistic scheme. Last week he had a long interview with Sir Henry Parkes, and was introduced to several of the Ministers. Later news from Fiji includes further particulars ot the losses at itewa by flood. All the bananas planted along the river banks were swept away. A large plantation in the Waimanu had half the cultivated portions submerged. The natives had not cleared away any of the <f«6ru left by the (bod, and the Rewa district In consequence wore a most desolate appearanoe. The work of extracting ••" ":„• the oil from the copra is shortly to be at tempted at the islands; A Company has been floated to erect the necessary oil mills, and machinery has btien .ordered from home. An accident occurred at -Bombula on 29th ult. .-Two commerckl travellers, Mr. E. Booth {representing John Fr^ser and Co.) and Mr. Sterling (of Feldheim, Gpttheif and Co.) of Sydney, were being'driven, by William Walks down on the Big Jack Mountain to Pumbnla. When going down a steep pinch the brakes would not hold,; atid the coach was turned over. Mr. Booth sustained a nasty break of the arm, and Wale's ankle was Bprained, Mr. Sterling getting off with a severe .shaking. Messrs. Booth and Sterling were brought back to Bombala, where they received medical attention. Mr. Thomas Walker, M.P. for Northumberland, has a personal grievance against Sir Henry Parkes and Mr. Wise, and he addressed a public meeting in the temperance-ball, Sydney, on Saturday last, concluding by saying that he " was going to fightBO long as he had strength and capacity , to fight against these people. They were afraid of him, and he would fight to the bitter end ; he would fight nntil the public tyrant, until the public enemy, the despot Sir Henry Parkes, was deep in the mire of degradation be had prepared for him." At the close of the.meeting a collection was made (or the benefit of Mr. Walker. At about 11 o'clock on the night of 28th ult. a man named Frederick Manning was found lying dead, near Bergman's gingerbeer factory, Balmain. The discovery was made by a man named Harry Von Wachl, who at once reported the matter to the police. Constable Callaghan went to the spot, and found that the man had a bullet wound in his month, and . lying beside the body was a loaded sixchambered revolver, one barrel having been discharged. A person named Charles Swanston, who resides next to the factory, states that at about 10.30 p.m. he heard a report, but did not take any notice, thinking it was simply a bottle burst. Mr. John Lovett, who has 'recently been promoted trom the position of Deputy-Governor to that of Governor of Darlinghurst Gaol, in succession to the late Governor Reid, has been 34 years employed in. the gaol. Mr. Lovett, who-is-a-deserving-and- painstaking officer, has frequently, in the absence of the governor, filled! the post of acting-governor with satisfaction. Hpvingjrisen from the rank of ordinary p"^" 1 , find pnairal through all grades of tbe gaol . service, Mr. Lovett is thoroughly cpuveraant with every.detail of the working of the institution over which he now rules. JL fatal accident occurred on the Hawkesbnry Bridge on 88th nit. A workman named John Barker, unmarried, was engaged painting the abridge on the top of a punt^ and while in the act of shifting, the. position iof itbe scaffold,^missed his hold and IfiU down a distance of. 40ft. .on to the deck >of the pun t,> breaking his leg and receiving infernal injuries. Dr. Groth happened to be on a viBit to thelocality and attended to ihejpoor fellow's irijnrips,-but after lingering a couple jof hoors he expired. The body was taken to . the Brooklyn. Hotel, where an inquest was held. This is the first serious and. only fatal accident that hashappened on the bridge. Another great supply of artesian wa'er haa been diBcovered on the Duulop run, Where the Australian Water and Mineral Borttig Co., Limited, are putting .down bores 50 miles back iromtheriver. .List week water wasstruck at a depth of 760ft. Mr. George Harper, who is in charge of the works, thinking the water not good or the supply sufficient, determined to bore on to tbe next drift, which was tapped at a-depth of 900ft., giving a bupplyo* good fresh water of 400,000 gallons per day. The 900ft. was : bored in 10 working days, and 115ft. have b6en bored in one day of 24 hours. This water will be a great boop to Mr. James Wilson, as there is no Water out back. A sad accident happened • at Moruya on Friday. Philip Henry Jeffery, fourth son of Mr. P. Jeffery, of that town, was adjusting his guo, when it accidentally went off, shooting hiB youngest BiBter, Emily, about IB years old. The bhaige took effect, causing a serious scalp wound. Philip Henry Jeffery immediately went for a dector and returned home, and then shot himself dead by placing the gun in his mouth and blowing his brains out. An inquest was held on the body, and a verdict was returned 'that deceased committed snicide owing to the: accidental shooting of hie sister. : Miss Emily-Jeffery still remains in a precarious Condition, though strong hopes are entertained of her recovery. The Western Herald says;—" We learn with considerable pleasure that a successful well has been put down.on FortBourke station under the Holmes Donaldson theory. The site was indicated by Mr.' Ho1meB-:a few weeks ago during his visit to -Bourke, and his then expressed his opinion that the water, would be Obtained a^ about 60rt. dfeep. His prognostications appear to have been correct both as to the existence of water and the depth at which it wonld be found. ; We have no details yet as to the yield. Mr., Holmes was to have pointed out other Bite?, not only on Fort Bourke, bnt on runs in the Brewarrina district, but was recalled to Qieensland by: urgent business. It is morelhan probable he will be in this neighborhood again within an early date." The Rotorua correspondent of the N. Z. Herald relates that tbe visitors-at Scott's Bungalow, Waiotapu Valley, were fortunate in vitQBMing »-moit-peculiar phenomenon. Inn feotowhero, which is ueaally of a beautiful een liot, completely changed its appearance. S ue-half bad turned to a bright reddish yellow, the other remaining in its vivid green shades. The division of color was most clear and 'distinct. Another little lake in dlose proximity, usually of a coffee-and- milk color, changed to an apple green in one portion. Off B uowhero there had evidently been an upheaval of the bright red clay which forms the bed and shores of this lake, and this seems also to have affected the other one, but how it Bbould have turned green when its bed is of a deep chrome color is a mystery. In its leader of Saturday the Freeman's Journal says :—" Another appeal to the c iuntry just now would be, if only in needless delay, a calamity, but it it should become necessary, then not a man who by wanton obstruction helps to make it BO should be returned to the next Parliament, for he will have proved himself either unworthy or unfit —too stupid to recognise the true interest of the country or unscrupulous enough to prefer to it his party's or his own. This does not in the least mean any surrender of or indifference to the great fiscal question which divides the two parlies, but simply that, at present, for the country, that is not the question. . . . The necessity of the honr in the present caBe is, unquestionably, certain practical legislation, and to that necessity everything must for the hour give way." On Saturday afternoon (says the Wagga Express)a number of persons interested in clearing land proceeded, at the invitation of Messrs. King, Minnett, and C»x, agents for Cowper's patent tree, root, and scrub destroyer, to a paddock placed at their disposal by Mr. T. A. Bolton, near the [Jrana- road. A large gum tree close to the fence, and a very ugly contumacious looking dead stump, were charged with the compound. The former should take about three months to prove the efficacy or otherwise ot the patent, and the latter should burn right out in about three; weeks time. The following were present, and'agreed to meet again on 20th April to watch the test:—Messrs. W. Rand, J. S. Taylor (Ranger), Howard, T. Cor, James Augel, J. Jones, S. Angel, Sergt, Crotty, R. Angel* a od Minnett. . ;The Yq&s; Courier says:—" On Wednesday a drover passed through Yass in charge of 800 bead of cattle, fvhich he is taking to the mountains, and in place of keeping the proper route, after getting through the town, he brought them into a paddock of Mr. Thomas Walters, the^raes in which Mr. Walters requires at the prekeint time for his own purposes. In place of putting the drover to any annoyance and inconvenience by taking legal proceedings against him, Mr. Walters told him he would ltt the case drop if he gave a subscription of £l 1<3\. to the hospital. This the drover williiigly djd,and Mr. Walters paid the money over to,.the secretary. , The drover telt grateful for the lenient way Mr. Walters dealt with the case, iftnd for his he had good cause, for if the case had been brought into court,' a much heavier penalty would in all probability have bten inflicted." One of the most extraordinary puzzleB that we., have ever heard was laid before us (Advocate) by Mr. Anderson, of Parackaretu. Mr. Anderson wanted UB to account for the presence of the handle of a pocket-knife in the heart of a limb of solid rata 70ft. from the root. The rata in question had been dead at least 10 years, and had been felled about six yearp. One Mr. Cribb whilst cutting wood for fuel on the property of Messrs. Anderson divided a sound rata limb, about 3ft. in circumference. In the heart of this lithb was found tbe ironwork of the handle of a pocketknife. There could be no mistake about the baudle being there, but the mystery was as to bow it got there. The rata is a very Blowgrowing tree, and the particular tree in qivBtion must have been quite a veteran. The handle must have been embedded in its wooden tomb lor ages. Dr, Porter, who came from Melbourne to start practice in Balranald, volunteered to biake tbe council a report upon the epidemic of typhoid. The report was tabled on Monday tiight. In the doctor's opinion the typhoid was brought by the steamer Waradgery. It appears that the Waradgery arrived in the beginning of November from Echuca. Some of the crew were suffering from incipient typhoid, find one died on the return journey from Eshuca some weeks afterwards. The doctor is inclined to the opinion that the disease was contracted first by a boy named Smith who was engaged in fishing near where the vessel was tnoored. It spread to the rest'of the family. The doctor made an analysis of Bawden's tank water, which was believed to have been contaminated, and also that at the Royal .Hotel, where the disease was said to have originated. It was fonnd that tbe water in both cases waB tree from organic impurities, but the river was eadly impregnated with decomposed organic matter, the water being quite unfit tor human consumption. There have been no fatalities since -jast Wednesday, and the epidemic is believed to be permanently abating. For sometime back there has been observed in tbe vicinity : of Bowenfelp, a snow white crow, flying about in company with its sable companions. As might be expected, this conspicuous bird has been eagerly pursued .by manva-covetous eye, even by its own species, which seemed at a loss to comprehend the meaning of this ghost-like intruder being amongst them. No doubtits - presence alarmed many of them, as they boldly attacked and wantonly tried to drive the unoffending bird away. The bird itself seemed to tinder stand that it was always in personal danger, as it has ever been very wary, shy, and cautions, and attempts had been made to shoot it. Its existence was, however, terminated last week, when Mr. Carter, jun., of Bowenfels, was fortunate in bringing the bird down at a very long range. He afterwards lost no time in placing the bird in the hands of an accomplished taxidermist and naturalist, Mr. Robert Grant, of Tank-street, Bowenfels, who has by now got this rare bird stuffed and mounted in a very artistic and life-like manner. Mr. Grant describes the bird aB a pure albino female, of the common Australian crow. Mr. Chas. Egeson, of the Sydney Observatory, has devoted considerable time to making meteorological observations and giving forecasts of the weather ; and recently published an important work, giving the result of his scientific labors. Mr. Eg6son calculates increasing rains from this date, and he adds the following cheering note to his calculations :— " These rains will be heavier and more general than those of the last wave, and will put an eud to the drought. Tbe maximum will probably tall in May. The break-up of the drought will first take place on the coast; then in S.W. aud south, and lastly in N.W. Much rain will fall upon the coast and mountaius during the first balf of April." This is hopeful reading indeed. Already there are indications that a more or less heavy fall of rain is pending. The heavy downpours expected by Mr. Egeaon are probably accumulating. Everyone will of course be glad to welcome Mr. Egjson as a true weather prophet, and if the basis upon which he makes bis calculations be. proved by experience to be even approximately true, he will be hailed as a great benefactor to mankind in general, but to the long drought suffering people in too sunny New South Wales in particular. An extraordinary charge of horse-stealing on 24th ult., at Burrowa, resulted in the committal to the Young Assizes of George and Joseph Reynolds. A tew days after the last September sitting of the Burrowa District Court a bailiff, at the suit of Joseph Hendry against George Reynolds, seized certain horses, when William Reynolds, brother of the judgment debtor, claimed them as his property, and gave notice of an interpleader. More than two years ago the same claimant inter pleaded against another judgment creditor, but Judge Forbes decided that the property belonged to defendant, George Reynolds, and ordered execution to proceed. The horses were ,not sold, but the amount of the jadgment was paid. On the 18th ult. Judge Forbes declined to hear the second interpleader, because there were no more facts before him than on tbe previous occasion, and he again ordered execu tion to proceed. The horses were depasturing near town, and were to be sold on the 21st ult The day after tbe District Court tbe bailiff saw the horses being driven in the direction of Frogmore, and, procuring police assistance, he followed. A mounted constable and the bailiff came up to William Reynolds who was in possession of tbe horses, about eight miles from Burrrowa. Reynolds said he would not give up the horses, aB they were his property. He was taken in charge and conveyed to Burrowa, and George Reynolds was subsequently arrested at Hovell's Creek and charged with his brother. : At the continuation of the inquest in Sydney upon the. body of the young woman Lavinia Dines, a series of peculiar facte concerning her &eath; were brought to light. The principal witness was a widow named Rachael M'Laren, who had known deceased, and who had nursed her at her own house in Victoria-street prior to her admission to the hospital. The deceased was in service as cook, but on the 13th ultimo she became seriously ill, and asked Mrs. M'Laren to take ber to her bouse, which she did. The deceased accounted for her illness by Baying that she had been poisoned by eating fish at a friend's named Mrs. M'Donald. it deceased'^ request she sent a telegram to Mrs. Smith at Macquarie-street South. Subsequently a woman visited deceased and gave her name as Mrs. M'Donald, but she was identified in court as Mrs. Jane Wyllis Smith. Mrs. M'Laren questioned the deceased, who made some admissions implicating a third party. Dr. Muskett, who waB sent by her former mistress, attended the unfortunate woman, but he did not discover her condition, and obtained her admission to the hospital Professor Wilson, who made the second post• mortem examination, deposed that the organ directly concerned waB missing from the body, and decomposition was so far advanced that the. only organ -in that part which could be distinguished was the liver. .A: portion of human intestines which was preserved by the hospital doctors at the first examination was produced, and tbe professor said that life would be impossible with the perforations that were visible in it. He further stated that this condition would not be directly influenced by malpractices. Quite a number of 'toteam power irrigation plants are (says the Forbes Times) being established in this neighborhood. Independently of those now at work on the properties of Mr. Gatenby at Jemalong, Mr. Edols at Bun-awe ng and Monwonga, Mr. Donkin at Lake Cowal, and Messrs. Nicholas and .Reymond, and Mr. Tozer close to town, others are-being erected, and there promises soon to be an abundant supply of artificial food fqr famishing stock, as well as an increase in, j&e; eupply of fruit aud vegetables. At Peel Farm, a little above the weir, Mr. J. B. Farrand has just completed the erection of a first-class plant, consisting of a 12 h.p. engine, which, , with a lOin. pipe, throws an immense volume of water over the adjoining paddocks. At present Mr. Farrand baa only one main ditch completed, 7ft. 6in. in length, but the land is as level as a billiard table, and there will be no difficulty in flooding a large extent of ground. We saw it less than 30 hours after the water had been turned on, and a marked shoot in -the grass was even then noticeeble. The plant cost between £600 and £700, and the proprietor only regrets that he did not make the investment many years ago, as he would have saved what it cost him several times over. At Messrs. Martin Bros., Lower Droubalgie, they are also putting up a large steam plant. We have not yet seen it, but hope to do BO when they are ready to start work. Mr. John Martin, an enterprising selector at Walla Walla, 12 miles up the river, is erecting another stsam plant, which he hopes will soon be in operation. And last, though not by any means least in importance, a Chinese gardener, named Ah Foo, has started to irrigate a very extensive garden on the Condobolin road, within a mile of the town. The Brisbane Courier states that an extensive subsidence of earth occurred at half-past 11 o'clock on Sunday morning in the tunnel behind Wickbam-terrace on the Valley railway line, now in course of construction. A number of passers-by in Wharf-street heard a very nnusual noiee, and on looking towards the south Bide of the street observed an immense mass of earth subsiding very quickly, and carrying with it a [shed, a dogcart, a four-wheeled buggy, and a closet. The fall continued from south towards north until the whole of an allotment right up to Wharfstreet to the width of about 35ft. had fallen in. Alter the first fall, which was very sudden, the collapse went on gradually, the whole accident appearing as if there were some enormous suction power at work beneath. Most of the spectators guessed at once that tbe railway tunnel bad fallen in, but they were at a loss to understand the cause. The chasm, which is about three and a-half chains long and over 30ft. deep, extends through tbe paddock at the rear of the Lutheran Chnrch on Wickham-terrace, from which it is only a few yards distant. The vehicles and the two outhouses lie buried amongst the earth and rock, and the whole scene looks as if there had been a violent earthquake in the small Bpace. The noise of the tall could be -heard in both the Lutheran and All Saints' Churches, and sounded like tbe collapse of a house. Two horses belonging to members of the Lutheran congregation, which were usually kept in the shed, had been placed in the yard and so escaped. Had the : church been any further back from Wickham-terrace the results would have been terrible, as Divine worship was being conducted at the time of the accident A gang of men were working in the tunnel under Wharf- street, and one man was within 3ft. of a great masB of earth when it came crashing down. The whole of the men were not long in making an exit from such dan-, gerous wprkings. 