? (V (Hay). , , , .,.,,.,1 throughout your verses, but v c (ion'tkuow where you got 'em from, think mayhap you bought 'em; i ,'t of one thing we're sure enough— You're not the man who thought 'em. : , ,. : Y wants a recipe for preserving eggs- •rmnot give it. We cannot spare space for '•Can unpopular item. Nobody wants to ' ,. rc 0gQs just now. The prevailing anxiety ( r a mode of bringing them to premature • cannot publish your poetry, Charlee, ;.• luge we cannot find it. If you enclosed .-.Viiflst that last batch of verses mentioning V" i ibetli, the brunette, it must have escaped ir transit--there is no poetry in the verses r| ,-i , \Vlien forwarding poetry in future, o;, ,use it in an air-tight wrapper. Poetry is v, i v volatile, and is apt to evaporate if the air • vis at it. We are frequently in receipt of i'7nf>3 that simply recked with poetic inflatus things—according to the poet's written j,ion—before being posted, but after twenty i> f, the poetry must oxidise and go off in <•!•, form of vapour, as those verses don't (. jiiuin an atom when they reach us. ,\iiEKT."—You have come to the proper pnrrv, and you had better accept our advice before going further. There is really only one recourse for you in your extremity, and that is suicide. Do not listen to the solicitations of less qualified authorities who might try to persuade you to some other course, but take a dose of rough on rats right away, and if it fails to give relief, try hanging. you a rope. We 11 lend " ih-:f."—We do not appreciate ghost stories written in the tone of pensive melancholy you adopt. If you have anything humorous to say about bogies and spectres, and other intangible entities <f equal depravity, we don't mind printing it, but the people of this decade can't bear a ghost treated with lugubrious melancholy. The ghost is now regarded as an essentially humorous character, and has to be served up as such, or he falls excessively flat. —We may tell you, since you appear to seem excessively anxious over the matter, that onr writer did not kill that man. We have made inquiries, and find there was no adult person killed with a brick within the precincts of the suburbs on that day and date. We can assure you however, that that was the only inaccuracy in the article, and trifling errors like that will creep into the work of the most conscientious reporters. "M.M."—We are glad to notice your cjianged tone, but your verse still strains and struggles much below the mark. It pleases us to find our word carries weight, and that we have prevailed upon you to cease wailing after absconded sweethearts, and to eing joyously over faithful ones, but we cannot publish your poetry. We can rejoice with you—nothing more. " DRAM. A. TICK."—Don't ask us to say what we think of your play. Judging from outside appearances it would seem to be a good sort of a drama ; but, of course, you won't be satisfied with that—you want us to read it, and follow up the plot like a black-tracker on a trail, to study the situations, and pick out the points of the characters, and examine the tableaux, and we cau't do it; we wouldn't do it for our poor, dead grandfather. Take it to a theatrical manager—one who has no wife and family depending on him, and could take his life without seriously inconveniencing anyone. "M.L.A."—No, we can't tell you how to take stains out of leather; why trouble over a few freckles? "TAKTAH."—In the interest of our beloved reform we will publish your parent's obituary verse :— "Our father dear has passed away, And goue we re not sure where ; P'raps to eternal realms of day, But 'tis not much we care. " He dearly loved the flowing bowl (Some people called him "sot' ) ; We think he'd rather choose iSheol— He liked his spirits hot." "SivnTciiKR."—Not the thing by 700 degrees Fahrenheit. Your Sir Henry Parkes looks like a stuffed dummy in a music hall farce, and Dibbs appears to have been carved out of soap, and badly carved at that; Duncan Gillies oan't bend his leg abruptly at the shin-he's pretty ductile, but he cannot do that; Sir Henry Loch's head does not grow out of »is breast-bone ; and the Erisbane Premier's left leg is not seven inches too shoft, and does not dangle like a wet stocking in a gale. kix • is a little, bat very handy word, and at Liines it works wonders. What an alteration it 1 . n \ the three- card man on the racecourse men lie hears the magic monosyllable, " Nix. ' reality >t means nothing. For instance, if you ask i(man what he's won at the races and he replies lJk •„ , P roba Mifcies are that his good landsuch n u e badl y- But to the pickpocket and m the J i x " means a great deal, and informs are el "! ,p of "^considered trifles that the police "nix ! ° Se * y Tlie ' general impression is that Mpiim cail ! e mto v °s;ue through the popularity of s able detective, Sergeant Nix on. 1JKSSI.X V " COLON / • I " KT & CHANDON are now Ehipp rg to tlie 1884 Vintage " Dry-Imperial " Chawi- PQffllC. Tliia i >s the produce of their own vineyards of -SOU aorop (i n ' Dry- choicest growth, around Epernay. The J-JBmij]j, i I, It • "as never I een shipped to the colonies before 18 T «V drj for Moot's "Dry-Imp6rial" of all 'Vine Merchants 