A Vengeance in Black Marble. [WRITTEN FOR THE QUEENSLANDER.] CHAPTER IV. BY IRIS. Menace of woe, at your behest The flaming nun was rolled away. All night long the storm increased, and on the morning of Ash Wednesday it was furious. Snowr surf-clouds were shattered against the rook? on the vibrating cliffs with a roar like the thunder of a distant battle-field. The green water boiled and surged under the far-off dark headlands that walled in Pentreath Cove. The sky grew dark and the air was thick with heavy storm clouds, gathering up hour by hour in fieroe and lowering battalions. By 10 o'clock the whole of the distant landscape was obscured, except the sharp outlines of Trentwood Manor House, dearly defined against the gray gloom of a low range of hills lying to the north. Miss Bartholomew shivered at the window of the inn parlour, watching the weather. She was feeling rather peevish, because she was afraid her nephew would refuse to go to church with her in this storm. She specially valued the Ash Wednesday service. The Athanauian Creed and the Commutation Servioe often ap pear to have a soothing effect upon the mildest of elderly ladies. Besides, Miss Bartholomew had lately bees brought to see the superiority of Ritualism, and, though she sometimes con fused fasts and feasts, she filled her colourless existence with the observances recommended by the Prayer-book. She felt that it would be a particularly acceptable service rendered to the church if she should go out in the wildest of weather on purpose to attend prayers on the first day of Lent. The servants looked pale as they hurried about their work. They know that such storms as this never blew up without doing serious damage. Cooper was reading a novel beside the fire, rather to his aunt's horror. She did not inter fere, because she knew that allowances must be made for young men; it did not do to be too strict, but to see him calmly sitting there with a novel in his hand looked to her too muoh like godlessness to allow her to hope muoh for hia future. In a sudden lull of the wind there came a long loud boom from the church bell that filled the deadly silence; the lingering vibration of the sound died slowly away upon the heavy air. "That is an odd thing !" Coopersaid, spring ing up and standing at the window beside hia aunt. "They are beginning to ring the bell for morning servioe," Miss Bartholomew said, with atremor in her voice. " Oh, no! it is not time yet. It is only half • past 10, and the serrioe doesn't begin till 11." While he spoke the same boom came again from the bell. "They must be tolling it for * death," he said. " Nonsense, Edward. Don't suggest painful thoughts. They are ringing the bell for church of course." Another stroke sounded, and Cooper looked doubtful. " Landlord," he asked, " is that the bell for morning service?" ..,.., "What bell, sir?" the landlord asked. He had just come in to see if anything was wanted. ♦' A bell has just tailed three times." " Then ghosts must have rang it, sir. The sexton hasn't gone down with the keys yet." " Does the wind ever play trioks with it V" "No, air. The bell's too heavy for that. Nothing couldn't make it ring without the steeple itself waa to be shook, and they do say it won't be long before that comes down. Lord Denvers as was here Monday morning, on hia way to the train, says to me, ♦ Riohards,' says he, ' you mark my words, that bell-tower won't stand another six months.'" "Do you hear that, Aunt Eliza P Are you stiU anxious to go?" " Dear me, yes. It will not fall down to day, I suppose." " Then get ready. I must ace this marble statue. If you find the weather too bad I will see you home again." The terrified faoes of the people, staring out of their doors to see what the bell meant by ringing itself, gave Cooper the impression that they expected to see the Spirit of the Storm in objective presence, but they seemed reassured by the sight of himself and his aunt walking leisurely towards the church, and in ten minutes the little congregation was streaming in. The verger placed Cooper and his aunt in the chancel on the oppositeside to that occupied by the Trent wood pew, but the moment he turned his head he saw the statue, and leaving his aunt to her devotions ho went over to examine it closely. " The sculptor has certainly contrived to keep Unole Sambo well in the background," he thought, as he examined it critically. "I wonder whether the really was as handsome as this? By the way, I can forgive poor old Perkins for his cowardly behaviour when I look at her. She didn't try her blandishments on him, and that magnificent arm looks as if it could avenge its own injuries." He touched tho finger that was raised to heaven. It Beomed to be all ono with tho hand, quite firm and immovable. The longer he examined it the less he oould admit the theory of its being moved by internal machinery. Either the people must have dreamed the whole thing who said they saw it move, or Home shadow must have been cast which made it appear to lower itself. While he was pursuing his inves tigations, and admiring the delicately tapering wrists and ankle*, and the undulating line* re vealed by tho drapery, a lady came in and took her seat in the pew dose beside him. He guessed at onoe that it must be Miss Trent. In that oue moment's glance he had seen what was to his eyes a bewildering vision of loveliness. He dared not atay any longwr, and withdrew to his own seat, beside his aunt. From here bo could watch her, as be thought, unobserved. He tried to traco any look of tho Trenta in her faco in vain. They had all been tall, puln, and durk, except Tristram, who hud been golden-haired. Thin girl was fair and warmly coloured, hujt- KeNting evnrytbing ripe, fragrant, and delicious. It was not till nho raitod her oyca, drawn pcr liaps by the magnetism of his g&ze; that he saw the cpirifci&l; possibilities in her face, The eyep imparted a oertain look of nobleness to the other features, and etherealised her whole expression. Cooper felt himself uttering a prayer that she might not be crushed in the ruin of her father. This pure-looking innocent creature in her ear liest bloom ought to have been a restraining influence upon Lucius Trent, if he was not utterly heartless. The old clergyman oame in now and began to read the morning prayers. He had seen a good deal of bad weather in hia little seaboard parish, but even he glanced up anxiously from time to time as the storm rose again and beat npon the churoh. A ohild began to cry somewhere in the body of the churoh. Miss Trent looked up, and pre sently, as it refused to be comforted by the ad monitions of the people in the free seats behind, she left her seat and went to it. The child was sitting quit© alone, and had been frightened at the lightning and the distant rolling of thunder. Cooper had Been an old woman with the little girl a few moments before, and he guessed that she had now gone out to see that her dinner waa cooking properly. Miss Trent sat down and took the ohild on her knee; it was pale and trembling. Cooper could see that she had large timid-looking eyes and big rings of golden hair surrounding a delicately-featured face. The two made a pretty pioture; Cooper wished he dared look oftener, but eaoh time he ventured he met those large olear eyes of Miss Trent, that seemed to reproach him for his wandering thoughts. The thunder grew nearer and nearer, the flashes followed each other with greater rapidity. Cooper felt annoyed with himself for having allowed his aunt to oome out in suoh weather, and began to doubt whether it would not be wise now to persuade her to go book to the inn. He also thought it very strange and very im- Erudent of Miss Trent's father to have allowed er to go out. A hideous blue flare of lightning illumined the churoh, followed by an angry bellowing of thunder, and Cooper, whose nerves were a httle unstrung, sat marvelling at the weird emphasis given by the storm to each curse in the Commi nation Servioe. Again oame the blue blaze of lightning and the deafening rattle of thunder olose overhead. " Cursed be he that perverteth the judgment of the stronger, the fatherless, and the widow." Thero was an awful crash, one ride of the roof fell in, and a mass of stones and mortar dashed down with a huge roar as if they had been flung out of a volcano's mouth. Down went the statue, ground to powder among the ruins. Shrieks, groans, and cries, hurrying foot steps, forms upset, fainting women, and terrified men made a fearful soene of uproar and terror. The lightning had struok the spire, and it had crashed in through the rotten roof. Cooper lifted his aunt in hia arms, for she had fainted away. There were two doors already blocked by the panic- stricken orowd, and the third means of escape was barred by the rains of the church and the spire. Cooper was wondering what would be best to do, when a soft quiet voice beside him said, " Lav her down on the seat. She is quite safe here.' He looked up to see Miss Trent standing beside him ; the ohild was still clinging to her hand. " That part of the building is very old," she said calmly. " I think this part of the roof will shelter us till we oan get out by the door." She held a bottle of smelling salts to his aunt's nose, and in a few momenta thst lady struggled baok to consciousness. Bhe felt siok and giddy still, and was thankful to aooept Miss Trent's ministrations. "Try not to be frightened," Helen said, "but I thing the bell-tower will fall directly. It has been unsafe for some time, and I see the roof is bending quite olose to it. I only trust it will not fall npon anyone outside." Cooper oould not help wondering at her quiet courage. She held the ohild with one hand, and with the other supported his aunt's head, or held the smelling-salts for her, or fanned her faoe, without a thought of herself. " It seems almost a miraole that yon escaped being crushed to death under the ruins of the spire," he said, shuddering at the thought of the fate she had so narrowly escaped. "Ah ! I have to thank this littlo friend for that. She thought sho was crying because she was afraid for herself, but really it was because her little soul looked ahead and saw my danger." Another solemn boom Bounded from the bell. They looked at each other. There was a pause in which they could imagine the swaying of the steeple, followed by a mighty crash. "Quiok! quick! the door!" Helen oried, snatching the little girl in her arms. Cooper seized hiß aunt with one arm and Miss Trent with the other, and made a rush for tho door, just as the last people squeezed through. It was only just in timo. The roof foil slowly in, and ono wall gave way completely. Cooper hurried his companions away, out of range or tho falling building. No one had been seriously in j urea, but one or two men had beon bruised by falling stones that had struck against an obstacle and bounded off at an angle. The rain was leaping and hissing outside, but the thunder had tra velled away to tho hills. Helen sent the ohild homo with the grandmother, who had oome in great terror to look for it. A man camo running towards them, bare headed and gesticulating wildly. He stopped suddenly and stared at Helen. Sho bsw it was one of tho men-servants from Trentwood. He was not only out of breath from running, bnt some other feeling seemed to prevent his speak ing. Behind him came the Trentwood carriage, the coachman was whipping the horses to a gallop. Before they had got anything coherent from the footman the carriage had reached them. " Get in, Miss, if you please," the coachman said briefly. " The master's took bad and wants you." A solemn wink to Cooper conveyed that tbe news was worse than he dared to tell. "Aunt," he Raid, " lot uh go with Miss Trpnt We may ho useful to her." 41 But, Edward—the intrusion—at snoh a time." , . " Got in," he said, pushing her into tho car riage. Ho jumped ou to the box beside the coachman, and boou loarnod the worst. His master hud dropped down dead quite sud denly about ten minutes before. A groom had been deHpatched for the dootor, but tU?rc wan no doubt he was dead. Miss Bartholomew did not attempt any con solation to the pals silent girl ahut up with her in the close carriage. She was herself too much shaken and unnerved to wish to talk, and they drove along the pork without exchanging a word. When they arrived at the house Cooper came to the open carriage door. He gave his hund to his aunt, who was nearest. Helen followed her without waiting for help. Cooper wanted to prepare her, but could find no words. He laid a detaining hand on her arm. She looked into hit* face and read the truth, and he was just in time to catch her as she fell fainting. [to be cowtocubd.] 