(CONTJNCHO FKOSI SATUKDA¥'s IS3UP.) . LALL MGniS RKSEEVE1) ] TWICE TRIED. \- ^ J3Y ANKIE S. SWAN, A-'CTHOK OF AIDFRSV&E;" " CATILOWEIB,'" "ACHQSS Hsu PATH," " SUNDERED HEARTS," ETO.-, ETC.-, ^CHAPTER. XXVIt. DABK SOURS. Aitty was unable to understand what was the matter with her 'mistress. She had watched her walk Up the street with Mrs. Harrington that afternoon, and thought she had never seen her look so Well. After un absence of little more^ than two hours she returned in a calx lookin ^ like a person who had been seized by a fatal illness, f he face to which something of a girlish bloom had been restored in the sunny South-, wafe once more pallid and worn, but the aYiguish written BO plainly upon it was what caused Kitty the keenest distress. "Oh, ma'am, my dear lady, what has happened to you ?" she exclaimed, when alio opened the door. " You look as if you bad seen a ghost." "So I have, Kitty; sol have," returned Mrs. Angus, almost to a whisper. " ihvt a fire in my dressing-room, my giVl^ SYict let me lie down there. When did yoti say the girls were to come home .?" "To-morrow, Warn," replied Kitty, takiug her mistress's " portmonnaie" and sunshade from her trembling hands, and offering her strong, willing arm to assist licr up stairs. "lam glad it is not to-night. "We will be alone and quiet together in the house/' re sponded Mrs. Angus, weatily. "Get me some thing warm to drink* I feel as if it were "winter instead of May." Will the master be home to-day, do you think 2 ask<sd Kitty, when they reached the dressing-room, and her deft fingers were busy unfastening bonnet-atriftgi and mantle. " I cannot tell," said Mrs. Angus, with a lo>v moan. " Oh, Kitty, my girl, pray for your poor master and mistress. They have ueed of it. ' Kitty, more distressed and mystified than ever, uvide no reply, but wade haste to put a match to the lire, anA h? arrange the pillows of the couch for heo mistress's aching head. Mrs. Angus toek off her walking dress, threw on a loose morning robe, unfastened the coils of her magnificent hair, and wearily sauk on the couch. Every atom of physical strength seemed to have deserted her ; she felt weak as the veriest infant. Kitty ran for a cup of tea, which she feverishly drank, and, refus ing anything more substantial, asked that she might not be disturbed. " If anyone calls, Kitty, sAf t am too in disposed to appear. I eailuot see even Mrs. Harrington should she come in." " Veiy well, ma'am, I will attend to it-," responded Ivitty, and she stole aw&y; rather disconsolately down stairs, woiideVing what new and terrible trouble h.-ui fallen upon the house. ? Unable to move* Joan Angus lay with her dazed head buried among the cushions, try ins, eveu -cs her husband had done before her, to think out this thing which had been revealed to her. I dare not try to describe, or attempt to analyse, her state of mind. The terrible truth involved many painful complications for her, but for a time only oUe fact was present to her mind- that she and hc.r husband must part at once, and for ever. Hememher how long and how truly she had loved him, reflect on the years of her happy wifehood, on the undying and Sacred memories which bound her to him in a tie which she had hoped only dfcath would break, and imagine something of the agony which rent her soul. She lay 2>erfectly still while the first wares of the tempest broke over her, hat the clenched hand, the pain-drawn brows, the ashen lips told their pitiful tale. After a time the other aspect of the matter hugan to crowd in upon her, and she realised in a flash that her life was ruined. Hence forth she must be a homeless, nameless waif, drifting alone and unoared for on the sea of lifo AnH al*a Knrl - 1-~rj i - favoured among women so honoured among her fellow-beings. Had she grown proud and hard of heart, she wondered, that so awful a punishment should be meted out to her ? Then she thought of her little child, and a wave of healing swept across her. For the first time, I believe, Joan Angus really thanked God in her heart that He had taken the child to Himself. Thy mystery of that hard dealing was i\t a moment made plain, for had the child lived what name or place could he have had among his fellow-men ? At length the over-driven brain,, weighted by its heavy burden of thought, pressed upon the eyelids until merciful slumber c.4ine. It was the sleep of utter exhaustion, mental and physical; so heavy and dream less that when Kitty stole into the room late at night the tired head did not even stir upon the pillow. The faithful girl, with tears in her eyes, softly drew a rug over the prostrate figure and stole away again,' to wonder anew what the trouble could be ivhich in a few hour's time had wrought so dire a change. She waited until ^he thought her master had ample time to come from the station, should he have arrived by the evening tram from the North, and then, after another look at her still slumbering mistress, she retired to rest. About four o'clock she heard her mistress stirring, and at once sprang up and ran down to light the kitchen fire, so that she might have soon her much needed breakfast. The early sunshine' was streaming in at the window when Mrs. Angus awoke, and, rising slowly, she dragged her feeble limbs across the room and drew up the blind. Oh, how fair the sweet summer morning, how bright the sunshine, how green the leafy trees in the gardens, how loud and glad the singing of the happy birds ! What a mockery it all seemed ! For the first time in her life Joan Angus closed her eyes to shut out what had ever given her keenest delight. She walked back to the couch, sat down, and, folding her arms across her breast, stared in a vague, dazed way before her. A new day had begun-the day on which, probably, Robert would come back. With what words would she greet him-in what words tell him of the blight which had fallen upon them ? Would it not be better far, she asked herself, to go away before he came, leaving an explanation behind 1 Would they riot thus be spared needless agony 1 Prudence said it would : be' the wiser way, but the heart whispered; no. She must see him once more. She must creep into his arms,and lay her head a moment on his breast; she must hear a word of love to carry with her into the desolation of the future. They must look into each other's eyes once more, reading there true, abiding love-ay, for the last time. Not one gleam of hope was cast upon the darkness-it was a vast, intolerable, rayless despair, encom passing her like the blackness of eternal night. The weary day . wore on. Only once did Joan Angus quit her dressing-room, and it was to wander vaguely and aimlessly through the house, perhaps to take farewell of all that had been associated witli her lost happi ness. It tried her strength, for when she again returned to her own room she was glad to lie down again to rest her trembling limbs though there was no rest for the throbbing brain. In the afternoon the other two maids returned to their duties-looking for ward to brighter, days, ouly to find that some new and heartbreaking cloud had fallen on the house. Towards evening a strange, deep piece seemed to come upon Joan Angus, a preparation, as it were, for the keener ordeal she had yet to endure.., She was resolved to be calm, to spare Robert the sight of the anguish which she could carry with her ijito the dim shades of the desolate future; she would do her utmost to soften the blow for him. The day wore on, the sun sunk slowly to his rest 'mid a blaze of golden light, and the sweet summer dusk stole softly, tenderly over the mighty city. The stars were tremb ling in the cloudless sky when Itobert Argus with slow and heavy step, camo up the quiet street to his . own door. He hyd thought himself strong to tell Joan the truth, but now, When the ordeal was so noar, lie shrink 1 from it witli a groat shrinking. He pictul-'cd he radiant face puling ufc tho cruul words; he pictured, the lyiif, j? Urtf. (if Miij *\VK*y, SBWo'us eyes; he saw the beautiful sensitive mouth cjuiver with pain; ay, ho saw it all. There 'was hd light in the front windows. "Dining-rd'dnv, drawing-rooni, and Study alike j&enfcd; t<3 Be in darkneSsi: What did it M\u\ ? Kitty iiiisWBfe'd His iinbeit,iiiicl HI4 tfohdered why the girl looked so anxious and pale. , s'l'> I pT so glad you have come Rack, she said, quickly, " I thought you never would come. This has been such a long, terrible day." 1 Your mistress is well, I hope. Why is the house in darkness ? What has happened 1" he asked, quickly. "Mrs. Angus is not well, sir. Sho has beenVeTy ill since .yesterday.. I think sl$ has had some bad news ot something. it is a terrible trouble, any way," said Kitty, anxious to prepare her rtiaster for the chaugo in his wife. ^Where is she ?" he asked, briefly. , 'In her dressing-room, sir. I think Siite expected you about/nine fo'-higftfr. , Robert, Angus it\ VvoV l\&aV;, the latter part S'^ht&nce;, fceirig already half way r - door of the dressing-room was a little ajar, and a broad line of light sh ed by the g'.6wing fire fras chst upon the crimson carpet on the landing. Its velvet pile deadened his footfall, and' he raiched tlic door without disturbing the lttmate of the room. lie saw tlio recumbent figure, the dark hair lying loosely over the white dreas ivg*gown, but he could not see the face ! He entered the room, closed the door, and his w.:fe sprang up. "My darling ! my darling ! Has tlie blow fallen already ! Am I spared the pain from which, God help titer, I haVe slixAi'ik, too r>ng ? he cried. |i6(irscl\", arid gathered her in his amis as if h'e wdiil'd Stiver let her go again- ft niinlite or so she Jay .Still in his At'ill3 with her white face drooped upon his breast, so still that he was afra:d. " Speak to me, Joan. My wife, my darling !" he said almost wildly. "Let me see your face. What is it has happened to you ? Have you found out what has made the past few weeks '6ne prolonged agony to me ?" "Kiss me, Robert, only once," she said, in a low, still voice, and raised her colourless lips to his. He kissed her not once, but again and yet again, calling her by every endearing name, until at length she drew herself very gently away. " Let me go now," she said, very quietly. " Tell "me what you were talking about ? I What blow do y<Ju rifer you 1 Do you know that Amy Burheit, your former wife, is svill alive?" " Yes, I know. How and when, rriy poor darling, did you discover it?" lie asked, con trolling himself by a mighty .effort.. " Yesterday at Lady Finch's. ¥ou knew she was tjierii Hciw long have you known it t'' she asked, in low, clear, passionless tones. "Since the day Eric died, he answered, almost as one might have answered to a judge. ".That is three months ago* Why was I kept in ignorance so long " Joan--wife ! Don't look at me with those eyes !" he exclaimed, hoarsely. " Oh, my darling) if you only knew how I had been tempted and tried. I could not have told you then. It would have kilted you." "I-I thought you loved me," she said, unsteadily, but swayed a little where she stood, but tfhen he would have put an arm about her she waved him back. "You have allowed me for three months to occupy a false position," she continued, and her clear eyes looked bright and fearless into his. " What have I done to be so treated 1 Did you not know me well enough to feel sate that any certa'uty, however terrible, would be preferable to that !" 'Do not be so hard upon me, Joan. Let me plead my case with you. I have been weak, erring, unjust to you if you will, but it was because I loved you. Look at me, and tell me if you think I have not suf fered " " Bow long would you have continued to deceive me had I not discovered the truth for -j It!" "l.U Iukhu,,iv,J, " Be mere merciful, Joan 1" fell hoarsely from Robert Angus' lips. " Believe me whon I swear to you that I was on my way to toll you the whole truth. My father knows, So will his wife by this time. Do not let me plead in vain for forgiveness. Oh, my wife ! my wife !" '' Go-away-rfor a little, please, if you love me, Robert," she said, with great difficulty ; "just a little while, please. I must be alone. I cannot bear it. Her look was so imploring, so intense, that he dared not demur or disobey. When she was once more alone, a great dimness came before Joan Angus'eyes, and she sank on lier knees before the couch. The final blow had come, the idol she had set up for liorself to worship was shattered to atoms at her feet. The husband she had adored and reverenced, as a king among his fellows, a man upright and honourable above any she had ever met, was only common clay. Shebowed her head upon herclaspedhands, and one voiceless prayer ascended from her breaking heart-" Let me die !" (To he Continued.) 