An Adventure with an Alligator. By Ichthtosauras. .Ever an enthusiastic sportsman, and bearing such highly-colored accounts of the terrible havoc wrought by an immense alligator that frequented the crossing of the Annan river, near Cooktown, I determined to try my skill as a marksman and to test the bullet resisting qualities of his horny hide should a favor able opportunity offer. This was years ago when the Annan bridge was only a.moot topic of conversation. The crossing-place was frequently used in those days, as it was the only means of communication with the other side of. the river; and many were the oppor tunities afforded " big Ben " (such was the appella tion bestowed on his alligatorship) for indulging his taste for human flesh, of which he was wont to avail himself with alarming frequency and fatal results to the ill-starred objects of his demonstrative and ob trusive attentions. Some of the stories, told of him bordered, I fear, on the marvellous; not that those who related them would for a moment deviate from the strict truth, but being eye-witnesses of the ex citing occurrences they related, their excited minds received excited impressions, in communicating which they were apt. to avail themselves of the full measure of poetic license extended to adventurers. Well authenticated accounts were extant in my time of some eight or ten men who had sacrificed their lives to their daredevil temerity and bravado within two years: many had hairbreadth escapes, and one young man's hair testified to the violence of the shock his nerves received on his interview with big Ben—it was perfectly white. Cattle and hordes would appear to have been very acceptable additions. to the saurian^ menu, for at least thxee scora beasts were ' Hunfi&tSiuB; of dogs had essayed to swim across the' river, but not one had reached the opposite bank; and the conse quences, it was stated were alike disastrous to any sheep or goats that browsed hear,.and any pigs that wallowed in the mud at, the river bank. . On one occasion Ben parried of a man, the horse he was Ti<Kng^7id a^B%h6^1o^i€Ki'S)itirtWo chests of tea, who were seen todisappear iS mid stream all at thtrsame tizne. Whether big Ben performed this prodigy single-handed, or whether he received assistance is not stateid; but it is said that he wanted the tea to regale his guests. with on the celebration of his birthday, and availed himself of the .first fav&able; opportunity of procuring it. But this is only cofrjecture. I want to be precise and truthful. Be this as it may, certain it is, there were but few who did not hold the monitor in wholesome dread. Without doubt he exercised a reign of terror in the neighborhood of his haunt, although he was better known by his works than by his appearance, for few had obtained a glimpse of his person, and the ex perience of the few discouraged the many'from seek ing a closer acquaintance. TJnder such circumstances I could not be otherwise than highly delighted when a stalwart young fellow accosted me in front of Poole's hotel, enquired my name* and whether I was the party who hungered for .an encounter with the terrible big Ben. • I replied in the affirmative^ adjourned with my companion to the hotel where I was staying at the time, refreshed him in the usual way, and there and then completed arrangements for a day's outing on the Annan on the morrow. Daylight the following morning found us stowing away our traps in a buggy • and at breakfast time we arrived at a house near the river where I made the acquaintance of a Mr. Jordan, a middle-aged hospitable fellow who received WkincQy, fed us liberally, and learnt the object of my visit with undisguised Batis- j faction. He was a kindred spirit, a true sportsman, a fund ' of information on the haunts and habits of the game I wale in quest of, a "demon" shot, and moreover, as he put it "death on alligators." Tom, who had driven me out, I now learnt, wfts to take no active part in the Mil; he was to manage the decoy. /To Jordan and myself fell aU the honor and the glory of giving battle to the monster, and we started on our perilous enterprise. The place where we were to lie perdu was a small sandbank situated about the middle of the river, which was dry; at low tide. To this spot we immediately repaired with our rifles and ammunition; "Tom following with two dogs in a leash. | According to the usual custom he took the dogs a short distance up the river, and stimulated them j to bark and whine by vigorous strokes of a horsewhip to attract the attention of any alligators that might be loitering about the vicinity, and so cover our pas sage to the sandbank. _ When Jordan and I came to the river we divested ourselves of our clothing so that when we gamed the sandbank our naked bodies would the better attract the attention of any passing saurian whose appetite might be more than usually delicate, and holding our rifles and cartridge belts high above our heads we took to the water The river was not deep, it being ebb-tide and we were not necessitated to swim more than twenty or thirty yards ere we reached the sand bank in safety, when I bad time to look about me. The bank or rather, sand- dune, on which we were lodged was, at itB apex, not more than half a rood in area, even at the then low state of the tide, and was fully two-hundred yards from the bank on either side. On this, then, we ensconced ourselves, lying on our stomachs, head and tail, parallel with the bank, stark naked except for our hats, our heads held well up, our eyes on the alert, and our feet just touching the water on either side; which latter circumstance was taken advantage of by Jordan, whose feet, of necessity, were close to my head, to splash me every now and then with water^ and I retaliated in like manner. My friend Jordan was armed with a maga zine rifle, after the style of the old Winchester model, and I held in my hand a beautifully finished Spencer repeater, a marvel of delicate workmanship, from both of which we were removing the water stains with our soft-felt hats. We had been located here some hours, during which time the broiling sun—which, by the way, Jordan constantly apostrophised as "that burning, bleeding element"—had peeled nearly all the skin off our backs, but without big Ben putting in any appearance. The tide had turned long since, and the water had silently risen higher and higher, until it waB within a few inches of our bodies. Jordan strongly advised our relinquishment for the present of the hazardous project we bad in hand, but I would not listen to him. We were all right; there was no danger; I might never have another opportunity. With such like sophistry I overcame his better and wiser counsel, and we remained. The tide rose higher and higher till our bodies were awash. Still we Btuck to our post. Then the sandbank was wholly submerged; we eould no longer I maintain our prone position; we were foreed to stand' on our feet. I was willing enough now to regain the bank, but I could not relish the idea of a swim of two hundred yards, encumbered with a heavy rifle and cartridge belt, just at the Alligator's favorite feeding, time. I was not afraid; but I'd rather not. There was no boat at hand, ro we lingered yet.awhile. Still no sign of our game. Our feet sank deep in the wet and yielding sand, and the current gathered greater force as the water rose. At last Jordan, in releasing one of his sand imbedded feet, lost his balance, and the current swept him from the bank. I do not know if it was intentional on his part; however, he did not attempt to return, but struck out immediately, with the one hand he had at liberty, for the bahk. I followed him then, calling to him to stop until I could get a little closer. He did so, just enough to swear by, but I managed to get within easy speaking distance of him. It is an enterprise attended with no little exertion on my part to swim 200 yards at any time j and impeded by rifle and cartridge belt, and only one hand at liberty to propel myself with, it was dis tressing in the extreme, as I soon discovered. The strong tide, too, increased the exertion, and I was growing fainter and weaker at every stroke. I had kept a. sharp lookout from the moment I left the sandbank, and my caution increased with my fatigue. 150 yards were compassed when turning ?ny eyes upstream I beheld what was to all appearance a floating log—it was our game basking in the sunshine. I immediately shouted to Jordan to save himself, and in doing so attracted the mon ster's attention, for he dived instantly, but only to reappear closer than before. Jordan at once re doubled his exertions to gain the land, calling to Tom to draw off the alligator's attention with the dogs. I looked in the direction where Tom should have been; there stood the dogs, but no Tom. I was straining every muscle to increase my speed, but making very little headway; and I noticed that the alligator appeared very much closer than when I first discovered him; he was floating swiftly and surely towards the spot where we were battling with the tide, and if subjected to an attack at so great disadvantage, we would fall easy pfey to his ravenous appetite. Jordan, who was ahead of me, wis'failing at every stroke; and for every yard we sained in the direction of the bank the alligator gained three on us, a* with constantly accelerating gDeed he came on. Forty, thirty, twenty yards of water are still before us. Our overwrought muscles stand out from our bodies like knotted corda. Fifteen, fourteen, thirteen, ah! but ten yards more and we are safe. Large beads of clammy sweat stand upon my forehead, and falling into my eyes nearly blind me. Nine, eight, seven yards more. Jordan's feet touch bottom, and he stands up bewildered. Again I cry to him to save himself, and he scrambles madly up the bank. Six, five, four yards more. Ah! I feel bottom; I am in my depth; my feet rest upon the oozy slime of the river bed, into which I sink a foot at every step. The ground gets harder; I rush up the bank. Tom appears at last, but too late. My naked foot catehes a root, and I stumble and fall on my back, and drop my rifle. Great Heavens! the monster is pursuing me ; he is close upon me; my heart is in ^ my mouth. I am lost. I cry to Jordan to fire j his rifle flies to | his shoulder; snap goes the hammer j the cartridge ! misses fire; it is wet. I reach for my rifle and fire point blank at the monster's head. My hand shakes; my aim is wild; my bullet has wounded my foot, and the monster is unscathed. Again I implore Jordan to fire; he stands dumfounded and motion less. I draw up my knees and fire again. Ah! I have struck him; the bullet goes crashing through tbe saurian's skull. He heeds it not, and still comes on. Again my rifle belches forth its deadly contents. My bullet has found its billet; the mon ster is struck in the eye. He halts; he is in pain; he ruts his snout on the earth. Like a flash of light ning I spring to my feet; I rush upon him; straddle bis body; grasp his forepaw and turn it over his back. His claws sink deep into the flesh of my hands but I will not let go. I grip his other fore paw and strain it over his back; he is powerless; he is mine—my lawful spoil. With his terrible tail he smites the earth veiling us both in clouds of dust, but to no purpose; he cannot reach me. Jordan has now recovered his senses. He picks up my rifle, puts the muzzle to the saurian's skull, and fireB* With a convulsive Bhiver which shook every bone in my body, the. monster gave up the ghost; and I arose naked, sunburnt, and bespattered with his blood and brains, and executed a corroboree over the defunct body of my formidable adversary, worthy of any wild aboriginal. The alligator was the largest known in Australia, measuring 25ft. 8io. overall and 7ft 10&ia.; in girth. I slept at Jordans that night, and when I returned to Cooktown on the morrow found myself ''the cynosure of all eyes, the observed of all observers. I had won my spurs. There is on view in the window of Mr. C. Knight, picture-frame maker, Darragh's Buildings, Queen street, a copy of Vicat Cole's (R.A.) .splendid oil painting of " Clievedea Woods," Upper Thames River, above London. This is a picture which does the eye good to rest upon in this drought-stricken land of Australia. The cool reaches and pools of still water, in which are reflected reedB, tree boughs, and lovely-grassed hills, the water-lilies that float on the stream, the clever handling of the light and shade, and the life-like perspective on the water make up a whole that charms tb© eye and stangps the merit of the artist, one of whose pictures, called "Ripening f^unbeams," representing a field of yellow wheat, lp in the loan collection of the Melbourne . Ex hibition, but It is not equal in beauty, besides its suggestions of arid sun heat (of which we have a sur feit in this country), to the cool water scene so. well pourtrayed in the picture under notice, a sight of ^^h accounts for.tlie fact that Mr. Cole always gets a high price-—running into thousands at times-—for his paintings. The present one is seen in a trying light, too neax the glare of the street, but enough idea can be formed of the merits of the original, nevertheless. 