Topical Sketches. By ERzA SooN. MATRIMONIAL INTENTIONS. In a recent issue of a popular London daily, I noticed that a lady had been giving her experiences in connection with a matrimonial agency, and the article recalled some busi ness which I had had in the same direction in this city. Many years ago, when I was young and charming-I am not young now-I was seized with a sudden longing to dive into the mysteries of that intense oneness which passes under the alias of marriage, and for that purpose interviewed a man who was running a ready- made matrimonial store, where new and secondhand partners were to be got at the lowest current rates. The advertisement of this establishment con tained the information that "satisfaction is guaranteed ;" "one trial is solicited ;" "be ware of counterfeits;" "if you don't see what you want, ask for it ;" "none genuine without the trade mark," and so on. I found the place-it was up- stairs, in an appropriate. position, over.a- plawinbroking shop-and found the bulbous-nosed proprie 'tor seated on a gin-case, dreaming of home, sweet home, and snoring like a fog-horn. The first thing that attracted my attention was a placard bearing the warning, "A de posit is requested on all orders," and another which stated that "One dose will cure you." This was at least encouraging to a novice. In my gentle, unassuming way, I kicked the gin-case from underneath the slumbering figure, and as he awoke with a shudder, as though he had seen the ghost of his latest victim, I said, "I am told that you have a select assort ment of husband-seeking females, at prices within the reach of all." As he rubbed his bleared eyes, and scratched his ruby.nose, I had time to ob serve that he was extremely modest in the matter of dress, but disastrously lavish as far as earth went. He seemed to have had an island spilled over him at some time or other, and had never taken any sort of trouble to shovel it off his form. After he had analysed my opening statement, and ex tracted the sense of it, he replied, in a voice as cracked as a member of Parliament, "Oh, yer vant a vife, does yer ? Vell, veil, mine goot frient, I vill see vat I can do for yer." From his accent I judged he was a foreign er; his smell confirmed this idea. " Have you any likely goods in stock?" I asked. "I desire to meet with some thing tasty; something warranted to wear without turning; something that will be in season all the year." "Yer couldn't have come to a bedder shop, mine boy," he replied. - "I have just got some new goots out by the last mail. Does yer vant a vidow or vould yer like, a leedle miss vid blue eyes and the vinest hair in the country?" " Well, let me see some of your stock be fore I decide," I said. "Show me a sample or two of the best material. By the bye, is there any discount on taking a quantity ?" " ell, somedimes, somedimes. Vould somedings like dis suit yer ?" He handed me a book which contained about a dozen photos of the most homely girls I had ever the misfortune to view. "How much a-piece ?" I asked. " Vell, I won't be hard on you, mine frient. You can have that vidow. for a fifer, or that dark-eyed Vrenchvoman for fifty bob." " Widows come high, I notice," I said. "I believe I won't take her to-day." "All ride, I'll tell yer vat I'll do vid yer. I'll led yer have. the Vrenchvoman for the fifty bob and chuck that leedle Yankee girl in." "No," I said, " I don't care about them. I couldn't wear them'; anyhow; they-don't match my complexion well enough. What else have you.got !" " Yell, here's somedings stylish. Yer can have this young voman for cost price," and he showed me the portrait of a tidy girl who was certainly the best of the lot. "She looks better," I said. " Can you send her round to my house to-morrow ?" " Yes, mine boy, but you must leaf a de posit on her; say von pount." " Can I take a piece with me so as to see that you don't palm off shoddy on me?" "All ride. Take this portraid, and then yer vill be certain." So away I went homewards, and on the next morning was waited upon by my in tended purchase. She was a bit off from her picture, but evidently had great expec tations. As I went into the room where she was seated, she rose and said "Mr. Isaacs sent me round to see if I would suit. That's if you are the gentleman who was sampling at the shop yesterday." I assured her on that point, and said, "Have you been long in stock ?" " Oh, no, I've just arrived ex ' Warrigal' from London. In fact, I'm the last new shipment." "Duty paid, I suppose ?"I' asked. "Oh, yes, everything O.K. You'll be perfectly satisfied with me, I am sure." "You are not a remnant, I presume." " Oh, no. I'm the whole piece; all wool and a yard wide, as they say in America." "Likely to fade, eh ?" "Not at all. You can get the invoice bill with me, if you like," "Well, I'm a bit particular, you know, because they make up goods now so like the genuine material that it is hard for a novice to detect the difference." " Yes, so I believe, but, as I said before, I think you will be satisfied with me." " Well, to complete my house, I must have something of the sort. I suppose MIr. Isaacs doesn't favor the instalment plan of payment ?" " I hardly think so, but you might be able to make arrangements with him. Am I to be put aside for you?" "Well, yes. Tell Mr. Isaacs to make you up into a nice parcel to be left till called for, and I'll send a carrier round for you in a day or two. If I find that he has under stood my wants I may be able to recommend some of my friends to him. Is there any commission on'a transaction of that kind?" " Yes, if you can persuade them to take widows. He finds some difficulty in dis posing of that line, and generally has to do it with an annual sale, or a fire, but the public are dropping to the igame now, I be lieve. Somebody was suggesting that he should start '`anything on this shelf, bne shilling' department, but I. hardly think it would do. Will you write your name on me so that there won't be any mistake about getting your right parcel when you call?" I did so, and she returned to the " Matri monial Agency." I did not call for that bundle, as you may suppose, so that any of you who may desire to enter into negotiations for same should apply to Mr. Isaacs, and ask for the parcel with my address upon it. 