GHOST STORI?S, THE GHOSTLY SIGNAL AND THE PHANTOM PLOUGHMAN. Two capital ghost stories reach us from'the other side of the Atlantic. The -first is Canadian, the second comes from Pennsyl vania: "TIIH'GF'E15I OF TILE GHOST. Last autumn there was an accident on the Canada Atlantic railway, near the station, at St.,Scholastique. A farmer named Brunet was .walking along.the traek at about 12 o'lock; at night, wheii.the Ottiwa express, came alodig; "strucac him; and: threw?his body 10ft;:I away :so_; horribly mangling. it` that portions were found "in the branches of a clump of trees "gtowing beside the trako... There have been five different - engineers , of that train since then, the' last resigning only a few days ago. The reason given, for the resignations was that the clump of trees .was hauited, and that there were strange signals given there every night, which always stopped the train and then disappeared. The engineer wlho resigned last gives the following reasons for giving up his position: WVLY TiE ENGIsEERn ESIGNED. It's a ghost or something like it, and it has been the cause of four other en"i necrs asking to be transferred. I first saw the ghost one night two weeks ago. I had left St. Scholastique, and was whooping her up, because I was a trifle late. I had hardly got her going, when I saw what seemed to be a red star floating in the air, perhaps a mile away, and ahead of me. It grew larger as I got nearer, and suddenly it struck me that the red star was a red lamp. Yet it was very high in the air-too high, thought I, to b a signal. Inoticed also that it apparently hovered over the clump of trees. As I got ithin 200 yards of the trees the red globe seemed to jump across from the trees right over the track. This all took place ina shorter while than it takes me to tell it. I was startled. The light was undoubtedly that of a- signal lamp, and hung directly in the way of the train. I hadn't time to call the attention of my firemen to it before I was on top of it. Frightened and fearful that there was something the matter with the road, I whistled down brakes, shut off steam, put on the air brakes, and stopped the train. Everybody was startled. The conductor ran forward and asked what Was the matter. I told him, and we started back to investigate. There was nothing the matter with the road. There Wasn't a house within half a mile of the place, nor could any footprints be discovered in the snow to show that anybody had been in the neighboorhood. Now, up to thattimo I had never heard of the ghost, but I noticed that the conductor, George Welles, was strangely agitated, and the fireman looked soared. TIHE FIERY GLOBE ONCE YORE. Miy next up trip was two nights later, and r?elAthe samephenmenona;:D e nau bti'w·to~irtvO-ta6-totiywarmng an seop the train going, my hands turned off the steam and put on the air brakes almost mechanically. The conductor came forward as before. I explained exactly the same way, and we went on after failing to discover any reason why a danger signal should have been used at that particular point. My fireman then told me that the apparition, ghost, or whatever it was, had been seen by four others, who had all got other shifts. They couldn't standit. Neither could I-and hero I am, laid off. A PHANTOm PLOUGoInte. In the north-western corner of Lower Merion township, Montgomery County, Pa., a great hubbub has been raised by a phantom farmer who is nightly seen ploughing in ia field. The apparition was first discovered aboutthe end of March by a farm hand who was returning late from coursing. lmnerg ing front a wooded pathway that skirted an old forest for miles, this rustic was startled to hear it sepulchral voice commanding it team to halt. oe looked in vain about the place "for a moencnt or two, and was about omoving on again when the same sound fell on his ear. A shiver crept over him its he heard the creaking of an uuseeu harness, and his terror was far from being allayed by the whinny of a horse ahnost directly before himn. At that moment the new moon stole over the neighbouring tree tops, and in its misty light he plainly saw the phantom farmer. It was clearly out lined against the dark background, and its two hands held in a steady giasp the pro jecting handles of a plough. Before it marched a pair of spirited horses, dinily out lined in the misty light, their heads erect and their eyes flashing fire ias they moved hastily ialong. The young man whited another moment to reassure himself, and was about to take to his heels when ploughmar, horse, and plough suddenly vanished. Then he, too, fled in wild alarm. BCE BY SEVEN iSEX. At Silas Brown's corner grocery on the night succeeding this, the young man, Albert Cooper by name, told this startling story. The crowd adjourned to the alleged scene of the ghost's operations to verify or disprove Cooper's talo. They had not long to wait. Without the noises that had warned Cooper the 'night before, the phantom farmer ap peared before the eyes of the seven men whoe sat upon the fence, or, to be more accurate, who anliost fell from it in terror. :Eislong wwhite hair and beard'stit'imed irhet,pisi;tg wind. No hat 'was upon .his head, nor' could 'any portion' of his" face. be seen except the. glistning eyes. These shot out from a height of mdre than seven feet from the ground,. indicating the spectral granger was taller than the average of human kind. About his body, which could not well be traced, there was a phosphorescent glow which dazzled the eyes of the terrified spectators ind shone far ahead of the steadily" moving horses. The plough he leaned on seemed of skeleton frame, but it tossed off the soft, moist earth as easily as a steamer turns the river waves. On he came, the horses seemed to exhale lire, their heads erect and arching, and footfalls as firen and clear as any the watchers ever heard. At the corner of the field they turned obcdii.etly at a word from their spectril driver, and again passed before the atfrighted spectators, who thereupon fled in haste. nTm ez.LDn' PLOUGOED BY TII GHOST. On tie following morning a crowd of rustics determined to go to the field and see whether any trace of the farmer could be found. As they came in sight of the en closure one of the number exclhimed in astonishment: "I'll be durned if the thing doesn't plough, sure enough." He was right. One-half of the field had been gone over, evidently by no novice. The furrows were not quite so broad as those made by an an ordinary ploughman, but they were less ragged and more deep, and were as straight as the most experienced eye could make them. A day ortwo after the same group went out to view the fields again, and this time they found' that the phantom had finished the work. The owner of the field was one of the nnmber,.and he took a 'solemn oath that he had not turned a sod in the enclosure. The Prince of Wales is said to spealk French best of all the Royalties of Euirope. 