News in Brief. A gentleman has offered ^1000 for a 12-round of a contest at the Pelican Club between Peter Jackson and Slavin. Twenty negroes and two whites have been killed in a drunken riot at Jessup, Georgia. Mrs. ' General ' Booth, of the Salvation Army, is reported dying. The influenza epidemic has spread to Paris, where it prevails in a malignant form. Ten thousand colliers, at Charlcroi, in Belgium, have gone out on strike. Successful experiments have been made at Cadiz with a submarine torpedo boat. 1 lie British Government is annexing territory on the shore of Lake Tangan yika. The natives of the Gascoyne district fW. A.) are becoming troublesome. They have committed raids in several places on sheep, driving off flocks of from 300 to 900 at time. On Friday Mr. Perry, M.L.A., addressed the electors at Ballina. He vindicated his action in voting against Mr. Dibbs's motion of censure on the Government. He claimed that he was not a soldier under the direct orders of the head of the Opposition, but rather an ally, and that Mr. Dibbs has acted contrary to the ex pressed wish of his party in bringing foward his motion. _ On Thursday night a man named John Smith' was found dead on the Abbey Green -road, near Singleton. It was stated at the inquest that the deceased was under the influence of drink in the morning, and lay exposed to the sun for some hours, and disd of heat apoplexy. A miner named John Wilson died in Newcastle Hospital on Friday night. He had been arrested for drunkenness on Wednesnay. night, and was taken ill in the lockup, and had to be removed to Hospital, where he died. The Star of Victoria . (s) loads frozen meat at Rockharhptori and New Zealand tor .London. Her carrying capacity is some 40,000 carcases. Included in the cargo of the R.M.S. Cuzco for London were 878 packages butter, 24 cases of cheese, 1372 carcases of mutton, 3684 cases of meat, 13,950 bars silver lead bullion, and 1700 bales of wool. Leave of absence for six months has been granted to Mr. O'Malley Clarke, S.M. and the leave granted to Mr. J.M. Marsh, S.M., has been extended for a period of three months, when he will retire from the Civil Service. Mr. Delohery will act in place of Mr. Clarke, and Mr. Lee, S.M., for Mr. Marsh. 1 here have been 124 cases of diptheria in Melbourne, with six deaths, in the past few days. A mirier named James Hall met with a bad accident at the Haselhurst Propriet ary Co.'s claim, near Parkes, on Friday. He was engaged in erecting a whim, and jumped to avoid a falling pole, breaking his leg very badly. He is now being treated at the hospital at Parkes. Harvesting operations are being vigor ously proceeded with in the Murrumburrali district. The wheat yield will be very large, much greater than that for many years past. Mr. Richard Walton,onc of the oldest business men at Gundagai, died on Friday morning, after a long and severe illness California sent 3,500,0001b of honey to Europe last year. Mrs. Dean,, the wife of a blacksmith at Kenmore, near Goulburn, was seriously injured -on Thursday through a horse bolting down : an embankment. She was caught by the wheel in trying to jump out of the trap, and was cut and bruised terribly. In one wound in the thigh, which was torn open, nine stitches had to be put. A baby was pitched out of the buggy, but was not hurt. £. child named O'Gorman, residing with her parents at Kiama, died from paralysis on Friday, brought on by a shock to the nervous system on seeing a ghost in a juvenile game. An extensive fire took place near Donald (Vic), on Friday, in consequence of a man lighting a fire to boil his billy. The fire spread to a growing crop which it entirely destroyed, when it passed to the next holding destroying the crop, dwelling-house and out-buildings. Seven children who were in the house were only saved by being run into a lake in a buggy. 