A PECULIAR LAW CASE. A oubo of sooao little interest, as eliowins nRpareutl/ bow Rrqat hardship, not to anv in justice, may he associated with tlie luw'u ad- mluialratiou, cropped up beforo tho Full Court yesterday in the form of an application by wauiei 1/uarics jruuma ior a prouiuuinn oruGr djrected to District Court Judge Wilkiuson, Mr. Lucas (Registrar) and O. L. Atlou, to restrain tlir-m from proceeding under a garnishee judgment. The facts ot tho ease ura as follows : — A person named Colin Lesson Allen, having aa unsatislicd claim against uno Thou ins Snttin for reot. pro ceeded against him in the Small I)obt3 Court to recover .the niuount, and ohtaiaml judgment ngaiuat. him. iiiittio tbun alleged that u cou- Biilornlilo sum ot luuuoy was duo to him from Adams, with whom lit- had becu oonucciu.l ou a surveying oxpeiliLiou, and acting upon this Biiiteiuent Alleu sought iro.-u ihu Dis. triot Court au order upon Adams, call ing on hint to show canto whr ho should not pay over to A Htm tho money alleged to bo duo by him (Allanm) 'to (-Jlittie. Adams, it may lie ejphiinud, dutiics owiug Huttiu any thing. whatever. Ttm did section of tlio Komil. Dobu Recovery Act very deli- wltely lays down tlio power of the judge Liutoio whom such au application may ha mubo, and the necessary athUaviu having "toon iiled ns to thfl claim being Iiusaiislied, aud Adams being within thu juri&diciion; of tlio Court, Judge Wilkiuson granted tho garnishee judgment ar-liod for as against Adams, though he (Adams), who was at tlio time far away, hod, upon vocetving tho usual notice, written to the Registrar, stating, iu the first place, that ho was in 110 way imlubted to huttiu us alleged ; and, sceouuly, that ho was uot rosideut within the jurisdiction of thu Metropolitan aud Hunter District Court, nor had been tor noma years. Tho judgo, bowoYer, being satisfied with tho allidavltu of petitioner's attorney, grunted tho garniahuo order, nud uecliuod to cutortain nil .application, marie-. shortly afterwards, to set itsulo tho order on the grounds stated, intimating thai the better course would ho to go to thu Full Court for prohibition. This step was tulccu, ami tlie lualtur. as staled, c.iuui on yestcrdny, when tho Reucb decided that thu application inuul hu dismissed, as urnlor tlio Urd suction of the Huiall Duhts Aut, tho Disuiut Court judge, upon certain aillduvits being mude, hint solo' jurisdiction over tho niattur. tint in consideration of tho apparent hardship upon the nppliouul Adams the iiuueli would not grant uuats, und intimated that in view of what iiau taken place Judge "Wilkinson would pro bably entertain thu application to >et asido thu oruur bo had grunted. Tho mortal roiaaina of ClnlstnpU Willihahl Cluck, like those of Reolhoyon and Huhuburt, are to ha removed from thoir puMotu resting- place, at tlio churchy ant of Jla(/.|niiidorf, near Viepnii, lo tbo central cemetery of tint Austrian onpital. The obelisk pieetod over tiui gravn of the great operatic reformer iu x-l(l is also to adorn the place of honor ntaigned to his ashes at tho metropolitan cemetery, A Roman Catholic culloge, Rallarat (Vic.), called Uio Holy Ghost College, wan opened witii ceremony on Tuesday, by Archbishop Oarr, in tlio presence of the liishop of llalUrut and a large gathering of clergy aud laity. 