VICTORIA. ARCHDIOCESE OF MELBOUBNE DAT OF FAST AND ABSTINENCE. Next Tuesday being the eve of the Feast of the Nativity of our Lord Jesus Christ will be a day of fast and ab* stinenoe, DATS OF DEVOTION, Thursday, the 26th inst., the Feast of St. Stephen, the first martyr; Friday, the Feast of St. John the Evangelist; and Saturday, the Feast of the Holy Innocents, put to death by Herod, will be days of devotion. HOLIDAY OF OBLIGATION. Next Wednesday, 25th inst., being the feast of the Natiiity, will be a holiday of obligation. The Masses at the churches, so far aB we have been able to obtain particulars, will be as follow:—Cathedral,5.30, 7, 8, and 9,and High Mass at 11 o'clock; St. Francis', every half-hour from 7 until 10, and High Mass at 11; St. Mary's, West Melbourne, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, and 11; St. Michael's, Hotham, 7, 8, and 9.30; Williamstown, 8, 9, and 11; Footscray, 9 and 11; St. Ignatius', Richmond, every half-hour from 6 until 11; Werribee, 8 o'clock. SUNNY SOUTH BAZAAR. A bazaar in aid of St. Joseph's Church, Collingwood, will be opened by the Archbishop in St. Joseph's Hall, Wellington-street, Collingwood, on St. Stephen's Day, 26th December. As the district is one of the newly-constituted parishes, and the pastor, Rev. 0. Sheahan, is called upon to make several ndispensable improvements, the rev. gentleman and his really generous congregation should have much more than local support in carrying out this undertaking. With the help of those members of the Church in other districts, whose circumstances do not oblige them to restrict their expenditure to their own parochial wanits, the bazaar ntfght be ^wie really successful, a,nd a pleasure in harmony with the sentiments the holy season should inspife would amply repay the visitor, ' C.T.M. SOCIETY. _A "meeting of the young men of the West Melbourne district was held in St 1 . Mary's schoolroom on the 12th inst., for the purpose of enlarging the branch of the p.Y»M. Society established in the parish.! The attendance was exceedingly gc^ and deep interest was taken by ail in.^the movement. The Her. P. J. Aylward and'the Bev.J. Cusack said a few; avoids fexplaimng the object : for which the meeting had been called, and pointing out the niany benefits which would accrue to those who? joined the society. The branch at presefit numbers about 100 members, and it is expected that this number will be more than doubled before long. The society has at West Melbourne a spacious schoolroom at their disposal, and the Friday evenings on which the members meet are passed most pleasantly. SODAHTT OF THE B.V.M. The last regular meeting for the present year of the Sodality of the Blessed Virgin attached to St. Patrick's College was held on the 13th inst. The attendance was very large, and a touching address suitable to the occasion was delivered by the Very Rev. Fr. Browne, S.J. Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament was given by Fr. Watson, S.J., after which Fr. Byan, S.J., addressed a few words to the members, reviewing the work of the past year. It was a great pleasure to him to notice that the attendance had been considerably augmented during 1889, and, taking everything into consideration, he looked upon the past as being the most successful year of the sodality. He concluded by reminding them that though the regular meetings for this year concluded that night, the members might, if they so pleased, and if convenient for them, meet in the chapel every Friday night during the holidays and recite the office, and if there were sufficient present, Benediction of the BleBsed Sacrament would be given. Last year these private meetings Were very largely attended. The members then adjourned to the sodality hall, where Mr. Hoare, who is an excellent elocutionist, gave a recital of Dickens' " Christmas Carol." The delivery of the piece occupied about an hour, and it waB listened to with rapt attention by all present. At the conclusion of the piece, and frequently throughout the recital, Mr. Hoare was loudly applauded. Dr. Kenny moved a vote of thanks to Mr. Hoare, which was carried by acclamation. During an interval Fr. M'Cabe, S.J., played a clarionet solo in an artistic manner. The prefect having wished the members " A Happy Christmas and a TU erry New Year," the proceedings terminated. PBESENTATION TO THE VEET BEV. J. BYAN, 8.J. The annual retreat for the Children of Mary attached to St. Mary's, West Melbourne, was concluded on the 12th inst., and the occasion was marked by the presentation of a richly-bound missal and beautiful set of altar cruets to Fr. Byan, S.J,, who conducted the exercises. The presentation was made in St. Mary's schoolroom, and there were present the Very Bev. M. Farrelly, V.F., the Bevs. F. J. Aylward and J. Cusack, and a large number of the Children of Mary and the congregation. Fr. Aylward made a few remarks expressive of. the high esteem ,-in which Fr. Byan was held by not only the religious confraternities to whom he had at various times given spirited retreats, but by all, priests and laity, who knew him. Frs. Farrelly and Cusack also made a few remarks, referring to Fr. Ryan's many good qualities both as a religious and a gentleman. Fr. Byan, in a few well- chosen words, thanked the Children of Mary for their beautiful gift. It was a great pleasure to him to be able to congratulate Fr. Aylward on the ^ size of thd* confraternity in his parish. The edifying example set to the rest of the parishoners by the Children of Mary could not but have a very beneficial effect and be a great aBsistancie to the rev. gentleman in the performance of his laborious duties. NEW CHUECH AT FBANKSTON. On Sunday last the Archbishop, accompanied by the Bight Bev. Dr. Donnelly, Bishop of Cpnea, visited Frankston for the purpose of blessing and opening a new church which has recently been erected there. His Grace arrived about half-past eleven, and, attended by. Dr. Donnelly, the Very Bev. J. L. Hegarty, and the fBev. W. (Quilter (the priest in charge of the mission), blessed the chapel. Mass was then celebrated by Fr. Quilter, at the conclusion of which a sermon was prea&ed; by.Fr. Hegarty. Fr. Hegarty dwelt on the promise of God to Abraham thai in his seed all generations should be blessed. CehturieB after that promise had been', niade, Christ, who was to be the beginning of the fulfilment of that prophecy,' gaVe ; t6 the pepple of Judea if is wohdrbus doctrine. | Instructing a | fpwpbo;r, ignorantj a,hd cowardly fishermentogo 1 forth iaud preach to all nations', He began the great work in which all ^hankipd was to be blessed. These \^pak • men, w,ho had such fear of the Jews, fiijmly Relieving in the jdivinity of their JJ&tsMr;,, uneducated as they were' succepded in overcoming evferjr obsthici^ ". They fcpn-, founded the. Grief;, ^hilosppheiftvuiVtb shame th'e'i^olli^ous.prieslti.P^' Bbme. , the Church had been constantly extending its operations, until now it existed in every part of the world. Everywhere the same, unchangeable as her supreme head. The same holy sacrifice which had been offered there that day was also offered daily all over the worlcL No matter how remote the place where a few of her people live, they always erect one more temple to the honour of God; and though it should be humble, and though there should not be many to attend it, still it was part of that great Church established over 1800 years ago by Christ, and the people who attend it could look back with pride and joy to their glorious ancestry of apostles, martyrs, and saints—as old as the Church itself. For the Catholic people of Frankston that was a day of exceeding joy, for it was the beginning of great and innumerable blessings. That day they had brought God to dwell with them in a house which they had built for Him. It was a great privilege for them to be allowed to build a place wherein God could dwell in their midst. David of old wanted to build a temple to the honour of God, but God forbade him to do so. When, afterwards, Solomon built the temple fire came down from heaven, and consumed the sacrifice as a sign of God's pleasure. But what was the sanctity of the Jewish temple compared With the smallest Catholic Church in which the sacrifice offered was not the blobd of lambs and oxen, but that of Jesus Christ Himself. In that chapel in which they were then assembled for the first time they would eat of;the bread of angels^ not that manna of which their fathers did eat and were dead, but that which gave life everlasting. To that building the sinner would come weighed down with his load of sin and misery, aud would depart cleansed from his stain in the sacrament of Penance, and when they died there would their bodies be brought, while the last prayers of the Church were read over the lifeless clay which ones was thei temple of the Holy Ghost. They should indeed thank God that He had allowed them to build a house to His honour. He appealed to them that day to give a little out of their abundance, towards paying the balance on the handsome structure which had been erected. He (Fr. Hegarty) knew that the Catholics of Frankston would hot be slow to assist their Worthy pastor in paying for the churchi When on their deathbeds, and about to leave behind them all their worldly wealth, the memory, of having given a little towards building God's house would afford them great consolation. A collection was then made; and about £110 obtained, including a cheque for £25 from his Grace and five guineas from Fr. Hegarty. ' Fr. Quilter r said'a few words in reference to the money which had been obtained up to date. The cost of the building and land was £1005, and the amount received, exclusive of that ; day's collection, was £410 15s., leaving a debt of £594 5s. He desired very much to thank those persons, and they were very many in number, who, though not of the Catholic faith, had contributed to the erection of the church. He desired also to thank Mr. Barbetta, who, although he belonged to another parish, had taken a. most active part in the movement. If it were npt for Mr. Barbetta's untiring energy, the.Catholics of Frankston would most likely not have a church /for the next twenty years. The church, which is of red brick, with freestone dressings, is about 45 feet long and 25 feetin width, with a spacious sanctuary-and vestry. The roof is lined with beautiful varnished pine. The windows are of cathedral glass, and the whole, both interiorly and exteriorly, presents a neat and beautiful appearance. The church is situated on a hill, about a hundred yards from the railway station and within a stone's throw of the beach. The architects were Messrs. Tappm, ^Gilbert and | Denehy., ' ' ,""' • GEELONG. '.,.';" ; There wa^a la^ge attendance pf members at th^ nieetiHg p£ .thie . ^3-eelpng G.X.M, Association oil' Friday^ evening, theJ.3th inst. .Mr.. Ij.ll.'Kearney,jvicejirepident, occupied'thechair f .".It ,was decided .to hold a concert iiiaid^of the Gladstone Cricket Qlub at 'sd^e,(lj^ui , e date. After sope.piore general Sfjfsiijess had received attention J( the haj|-3$arly elec,- t|k)n of offi^ felting ^ 'f^Q^'r^^j&f;^J^'ft, ,J • Vi iiey' 