DRESS, ART, AND BOOKS IN SYDNEY. [From ouh Lady Correspondent.] Christinas time is so associated with the, immortal ' earrol ' of .Charles Dickens that we remember Scrooge and the Ghosts, and so hasten to offer, first of all, our greeting — threadbare, yet always, we know, welcome; — of ' A Merry Christinas and a Happy New Year.' Speaking of Charles Dickens, something happened last Saturday which seems to suggest that, after all, tho world is a small place. Sir. Dickens, one of our members of Parliament, and son of the ' inimitable,' was one of those who acted as pall bearer to the boy we all so deeply mourn — Henry Searle. Once, as is, of course, well known, Dickens was considering a visit to Australia ; his health was failing at the time, and he regarded the matter from the stand-point of future bene fit to his children. In a letter to his friend, John Forster, he speaks of the relief he felt when at last he came to a decision. It was, of course, not to go, but his interest and sym pathy with the young land were strong, and liis dread of leaving England seems to have been the real cause of liis distaste to visit Aus tralia himself. On all these accounts it was strange that lie should have been so intimately mingled with an event of such supreme interest and sorrow to all Australians as Searle's funeral. If the dead be permitted to see, he must have rejoiced at it, thus knowing that he, through his soil, had furnished such a real link between the old world and the new. Speaking of Dickens suggests another writer who lays a strong impress of personality upon his writings — Bret Harte. It is almost certain that everyone who reads at all has now read ' Cressv,' but if there should chance to be a few who have not done so, we heartily recommend it to them. It is one of the author's best works. It has strongly all liis power of depicting romance, humor, and simple pathos, and since publishing ' Cressy ' he has produced another book uniier tlie title ot ' J lie Heritage of Bedlow Marsh.' In addition to the story which gives the name, there arc three others — ' A Knight-Errant of the Foothills,' ' A secret of Telegraph Hill,' and ' Captain Fim's Friend.' Perhaps these stories are not quite equal to ' Cressy,' but they are delight ful for all that. The character of the girl 'ilag' in -'The Heritage of Dcdlow Marsh,' is a perfect sketch, equal to anything he has done before. Some of the holiday books this season are 'especially good. Mr. Andrew Lang, who has been called the 'Elegant Essayest,' lias written a fairy story called ' Prince Prigis.' He has also edited a publication called ' The Blue Fairy Book.' But to return to books which are not holiday. An event of great ! literary eonscqticneo is about to take place in London. Lord Carnarvon is editing a now set of letters by (he famous Lord Chesterfield. This correspondence is later in date than the letters to his son, and are addressed to his cousin and heir, the fiftli Earl. Lord Carnar von has obtained the letters through inheritance. If popularity were a sign of first-class authorship, 'Edna Lyall' (Miss Bayley) would be among the first of living writers. During the. first week of the publication of ' Derrick Vauglmii ' twenty thousand copies were sold, and at all libraries her works are sought- eagerly. Perhaps (he demand does not come from the highest class of reader, the reader who comprehends the best, and will have nothing short of it, but it certainly dees come from a class which must have sensational writing, and which would, failing the pure spirit which Edna Lyall and kindred writers give them, most infallibly turn to adulterated stuff. Writers who do this service to the world deserve its applause. It is a temptation to linger over, books, but especially is it a temptation (o linger over Jlr. Stockton's delightful book of travels, entitled ' Personally Conducted.' Those who know anything of this autli r's previous works will know what to expect, and they will find (hat Mr. Stockton's style is as bright and quaint as though (he work were one of fiction. This writer delights in sudden surprises, little comical sayings, and original thoughts, and this latest book is full of them, for none of the beaten tracks, either of i ravel or reflection, arc followed. For those who have read none of Mr; Stockton's books, we would suggest ' A Fortunate Opening' and ' The Lady and the Tiger ' as the best to begin with. In these days of artistic' decoration, when even trifles are exquisitely designed, receptacles for photographs seem to receive especial care. The reason for this may; be -that' they are so often purchased as presents. To speak of a few in this season of giving, may not be out of place. ; - ...' . One recently purchased- in Sydney -was of the Louis QuingO ' style :? - in color a delicate lilac, and at the top :n- festoon of flowers-, all beautifully executed. Other frames,, quite.- a beautiful, i are . Of the Louis ; Seize . style, ;; perfectly designed and gilded. In table designs (here is also a great deal that is - new and costly ; for those who like simple' tables the choice is as large as oyer, but for those who wish for something a little more elaborate there are some really perfect designs, and in many of tlie handsomest rooms nowa days the old massive silver tables may be seen. They vary of course in size, and none arc very large, but all are beautiful, the tops being of clear glass. A good lock and key is fitted to these tables, and in the receptacle is a tray with compartments, in which may he kept bits of old silver, precious stones, or any other of the odds and ends 'so valued by lovers of art. 1 Everyone enamels so much: now that articles of perfectly plain wood are largely sold on pur pose. 'These generally take the form of brackets, small' shelves, easels, and photo frames, and all the designs arc really good, especially the brackets which, when well enamelled, have the appearance of delicate white Cliiiia. .' . Many people are now furnishing at least one or two rooms with antique furniture. This style of furniture is very massive— highrbacked chairs, richly ? carved old desk settees, high closed umbrella stands, and cabinets. Old Dutch Margueteric is also used a great deal, the wood is highly polished and richly inlaid, it is very beautiful out the old saying ' a little goes a long way ' applies to it, as the life wer.vies of it when seen in quantities, Almost every dress now is embroidered, or braided, but as those dresses which look best arc ' done ' at home, many ladies are turning their attention to this branch of fancy work leaving the decoration of their rooms for a while, in order to decorate their dresses. A lady who is a very artistic fancy-worker, producing miracles of screens, hangings, etc., lately braided herself a walking suit, with the happiest result. She transferred the design to the material of her dress, by using tracing cloth backed with glaze calico; her braid was tubular and she laid it over the tracing' cloth- with strong stitches ; when it was quite sewn on she secured the braid wherever it crossed, with black lace silk, taking great care' that none of these stitches went through to the foundation. The material was stone grey and the cfiect of the lilaek braid upon it was good. Of course the same design might be worked in gold or silver braid and for evening dresses, white fronts might bo richly wrought. The pretty fashion of wearing dircetoire bows, indeed any bows, should be welcomed and followed ; they are such a relief after the universal band of ribbon. Those who happen to be in mourning in Summer in Australia are glad to know of any cool black materials, silken cerpes bear oil' the palm, but very light wool veilings and grena dines are much worn. An evening dress suitable cither for a young married lady, or for one more advanced in years, was worn at an evening party recently given in Sydney. The dress was, first of all completely made of ivory satin and over it was draped black net, with designs as big as three penny pieces upon it, the bottom of the net skirt was trimmed with wide jet passementerie in large Vandykes and a similar, but narrower trimming stiffened with wire, went round the shoulders. Two short black sashes crossed the waist, the ends falling on each side fringed with jet. The following pretty cane arrangement would be a delightful present of the New Year. It is almost an easel, except iliat the shelf where ihe picture rests is not visible ; instead, there are three cane tubes filled with tin in order that flowers may be placed in them. The cane is enamelled pale green, and the draperies are of deep green and a touch of gold. This ' easel flower stand ' would do for placing in front of a fireplace, if the back of it were lined — though, why we should all strive to conceal, instead of beautifying, these useful places, is a point which would require to be settled by judge and jury. Another pretty present is a booklet, similar to those sold in shops, but it can be made ai home — a great point to tnose wno wish tlieir present to be made entirely by themselves. To begin to make one of these home booklets, it is better io purchase a booklet and remove tho leaves ; then cover the back with cloth or brocade. The leaves are ornamented according to taste, drawing and verses, verses alone, mottoes worked in silk, or the leaf is simply covered with silk, the entire design of this part being left to the worker. Vanity Fair. Sillier (to manager); Say, th' leading lady litis struck on doing the water scene tu-night. —Manager : What's tlie matter .' — Super : She says the water's too warm, and iliat she won't do any swimming until you put some ice in the tank. 