OUR CHURCHES. WESLEYAN. Tub Eev. B. Bottomley, of Frederickton, who has received an appointment to the Homebush Circuit in connection with the Wesleyan Church, preached his farewell ser- mons at the Smith-street Wesleyan Church on Sunday morning and evening last. The morning discourse was " Friendship," based on a text taken from the Song of Solomon, 5th chap, and 16th verse. There were different kinds of friends in the world, said the rev. gentleman, both as to their nature and appearance. They had the winged friend — a friend that brought the light of comfort and the joy of satisfaction into many a home ; but it soon took wing, and in its place came the doleful notes of want, poverty and starvation. Money, by some people, was adored as a god, as a faithful and unchangeable friend; but that was a great mistake, for if they had no better friend they were still poor in friendship. Another friend was health, that brought them the sweetness and soundness of sleep and the profit and enjoyment of toil. But health also was fickle, enjoyed one day, but gone the next. It was a boon that could not be too greatly valued. But a better friend even than health was required. They had another kind of friend — man, with his strong arm, and woman with her tender heart. A brother or sister friend was one of the greatest blessings they could enjoy. Beal friends were heart-feeling, soul-cheering ; they lightened one's burdens, eased one's pains, and brightened life by their presence. Hast thou a friend thou hast indeed A rich and large supply, ' A treasure to serve thy every need . Well-managed till thou die, But friends were mortal. What they wanted was a friend that stern mortality could not touch, or changing circumstances rule. They could find such an one in Christ. " While we were yet sinners Christ died for us." What a friend they had in Jesus. " He displayed a friendship which was un paralleled. He came in the time of greatest need, and so became a friend in need, which was a friend indeed. The world's friends came on the principles of two lines. In times of prosperity friends would be plenti ful; but in times of adversity not one in twenty, for adversity was one of the best tests of true friendship. Beal friendship had the element of truth, pure simplicity and sincerity. False friends hid the real truth and gave rise to misunderstanding and con tention. Correspondence with an absent friend was a proof that distance had not stopped the flowing stream of friendship. Of the friendship of Christ they were assured that it could not be severed. He said " My presence shall go with thee, and I . will give thee rest. I will never leave thee or forsake thee." It mattered not where their lot was cast, whether on the wide ocean or in far- off lands, the words rang out sweetly " I am still with thee, and I will never leave thee." The following lines were very true : One there is above all others Well deserved the name of friend. His love is beyond that of a brother — Costly, free, and knows no end. They who once His goodness prove Find it everlasting love. It was necessary to have the friendship of God in order to enjoy peace of mind, to be happy and make others so. From Christ they learned how to prove true and constant friendship with their friends. While they ought to seek and value earthly friends they should not forget that happiness cannot be completed without one friend more, without whose friendship all others would be of no avail — the friendship of Christ. Let each seek His friendship ; go to him and confess their sins, and obtain his forgiveness and live in His favour, living to Him and for Him so long as life was given to them, and thus always be able to say of Jesus, in the words of the text,, " This is my friend." The evening text was taken from Acts, 20th chap, and 32nd verse, and Phillipians 4th chap, and 23rd verse. The first portion was Paul's commendation to those among whom he had laboured for over three years, " I commend you to God." The other portion was called the Apostolic benediction, " The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all." What more appropriate words could have been chosen than those contained in the texts just read. > Earthly friends might be taken from them, ministers re moved, but God remained unchangeably the same, full of power, of love, and of unlimited blessings, ever ready to be showered upon their heads. Paul commended his people not alone to God and Hi3 providence but to Christ and His grace. He did not commend to the philosophy of this or that great teacher, or to the wise maxims of the ancient philosopher, or to the opinions of the elders, or the words of the minister, - but to the gospel of Christ, which comprised the full manifestation of God's grace and love to sinners through His son. He had no other doctrine to bring be fore them but held up with both hands the Gospel of Christ crucified. He was sorry to think that some of them had not committed themselves to the word of His grace, thongh he had been pleased to see them in God's id.ous6| listening to tne word. He would beseech them on the close of his ministry with them, to obey that word. Being born again as Peter says, not of corruptible seed, but of incorruptible seed, by the word of God, which liveth and abideth for ever. The word of this grace not only builds them up, but also directs them to their future glorification. The apostle, on taking leave of the EpheBian Church, seems to- - have dwelt with delight on that thought ; that, although he might see them no more in the flesh, there remained an inheritance which would be enjoyed by all them that were sanctified. The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen. In the Epistle to the 2nd Corinthians, the last chapter and last verse, the benediction was given in full. The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghost, be with you all. Amen. This text was full to overflowing with blessing rich and satisfying in its - nature. The word grace was a compehensive one, and when properly considered it was wonderful how full of blessing it proved for men. Grace and truth came by Jeaus Christ, who bestowed it upon all who came to Him, for He was the snn of grace, the ocean of love. Some of them had received that grace and it filled the heart with peace and joy, and made them faithful in every good work. During the two years he had been among them he had to some extent laboured under disadvantages as some of them knew. As a probationer he had to do his work, as well as study, and if he were coming among them again he would try to achieve more then he had done in the past. But the one who succeeded him was no probationer, and they would now have two" ministers who were unhampered with the studies that he had had. He had not been an angel, neither had he found them all angels, neither could he expect to find angels in Homebush. He had made many friends among the little ones, and had enjoyed many happy hours with them in the homes of their parents. Children whom he hoped wonld be worthy of God, and grow up, and bring forth .good frnit. After a lengthy exhortation . . the rev. gentlemen concluded as follows Now my dear friends I commend you once more to the father of our spirits, the God of all flesh, our fathers' God, the guide of onr yonth, the strength of our manhood, and the staff of old age. He is the only trne God to whom you may safely commit yonr all In my closing words I cannot ask a greater blessing, a richer favour, a more glorious benediction to rest upon and abide with you continually than " the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ." While we would not despise the kind good wishes of friends, nor ignore the God bless you from a warm heart, and other tokens of "good will and favour lavished upon us, yet let us not forget to have upper most nearest our heart that grace without which all else will avail nothing, the grace of God and not of earthly sovereigns or influential personages, but " The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ#" 