FOB. MONEY OR FOR LOVE. By MONA CAIHD. Author of " Marriage," " Ideal Marriage," "Tbe Wing «f Azrael," "Whom Nature Leadctb," " One That Wins," &c.; CHAPTER III. The tiret shock of surprise over, Evelyn's reason began to reassert itself, and to explain what bad at first appeared BO bewildering an incident. Gilbert knew the secret as well as hereelf, and had no doubt come on exactly tbe same errand. Perhaps, tired of waiting, he was now going home again without accomplishing hia object. Ho muet have diepersed the smoking party after an nnu8ually short sitting, and hastened down to the rain just before Evelyn had aet out on a similar journey. Then another thought Btruok her. John might long ago have emerged from tbe passage, and returned to the house. She bad been waiting here for nothing. If so— since ber huaband by this time had gone on too far to be easily overtaken—her only courte now wae to take a abort cut home in order to avoid being locked ont, for no one knew of ber absence; beaidea, the discovery of it might excite much alarm. Defying damp and darkness, Evelyn hastened homewards by a rough but quicker track, and found, with a sigh of relief, the hall-door atill unfastened. Tbe hall was qaite dark; evidently every sonl in the house had gone to bed. She groped her way to her brother's room, wishing to make sure that he had returned, and to find out whether he knew of Gilbert's absence. - Her knock reoeiviag no answer, she tamed the handle, and entering foond the room pitch dark and untenanted. The discovery chilled her. She muat have mistaken her brother's intentions, and had left him, after all, to iBsue nnwelcomed from the secret passage. Having lighted a candle sbe went on to her own room, and, feeling by this time exhausted and drowsy, she waa glad to go to bed, though nnable to sleep from a vague anxiety on aocount of Gilbert's continued absence. He came ia shortly afterwards, however, and seemed eurpriaed to find his wife still awake. He had entered the room very softly, and appeared much etartled when she bntBt into a laugh at hia cautious movements, " Where have yoa been all this time ?*' she asked, thinking to puzzle him by showing an unaccountable knowledge of his doings before confessing her own adventure. " Where have I been ?" he repeated," why where should I have been ?" "Where your duty called you—in tbe smoking-room. But what a time you have stayed!" " I know," he said, croaaing from the fire to hie dressing-room. "I coald not get those men to clear out: they have only this moment gone upstairs, and of course it wae imposaible to come away before they did." With that he disappeared, leaving Evelyn with amazed eyes fixed upon the door, which be had closed behind him. What did it mean? Had she been dreaming all this about the ruins ? Her head swam. No, ehe felt as certain that she had really been there and Been her husband and heard the splash, as that she was hf re in the fleBh at thia very moment. Why in heaven's name had Gilbert deceived her about it? Hia words returned to her memory with unpleasant distinctness. "I coald not get those men to clear out. Thev have only thia moment gone upstairs, and, of course, it was impossible to come away before they did." That wa8 clearly untrue, for Evelyn had passed the open door of the smoking-room only a few minutes before, and the room waa pitch dark, and ahe had afterwards gone up the stairB without meeting a soul. Besides, bad ahe not seen Gilbert at the ruine, with her own eyes, the moonlight full upon hiB face ? If she had been mistaken in this ahe could never trust the evidence of her senses again. It waB all very atrange aad very diBagieeable. The more ahe dwelt upon it the more nnhappy and full of dread she became. She buried her face in the pillows in a wild, frightened effort to drown iu physical movement some unbearable flashaa of thought that began to throw a horrid light within her brain. "I have allowed the excitement to unnerve me," she told herself. "I am going off my head. Let me stop thinking and go to sleep ; perhaps in the morning I may be able to think more sanely." But these reasonings were of no avail. She could not sleep, though some strong instinct made her fain unconBciouaneaB when Gilbert entered. She darsd not speak to him just now; her brain was whirling madly, and she coald hear her heart beating strong and fast as she lay perfectly still in the gloomy quietness of the night. The houra passed one by one. Evelyn counted each stroke of the old clock, thit rang out solemnly acroBB the courtyard. She never alept, though ahe felt ill with fatigue, and half dead with exhauation and growiag misery. : All night long ahe waged a battle with her thoughts—a fierce, terrible battle, t'aat filled the darkneaB with unapeakable horror. The calm morning sunshine that poured in through the leaves ot the Tree of Sorrow broueht little respite to her suffering. How should ahe pass the dragging hoars of the day, longing for the evening, yet terrified lest it should bring a worse pain even yet ? But Bhe had to face the ordeal, and to fase it, moreover, with smiles, and at leaBt ao attempt at her nsual cheerfulness. The beauty of the morning served to calm in so ne measure her troubled thoughts, and she wis amazed to find herself laughing and jestioa with the others almost as if nothing had happened. Not even Mra. Jardine noticed any sign of the night's fierce suffering. Of course the first thing to be done wa? to unlock the Dule-cbamber, and aee if DoagUa had made good hia boast. The key waa removed from the cabinet and Evelyn followed the proceaaion up the staircase with a beating heart, having a faint hope that by some means her brother might hare failed to nnfaaten the secret entrance to the staircase, and wonld be found in ignominious eafety where they had left him the night before. But the opening of the door crashed this poor little hope at once. Evelyn Btifled a cry of desperation. Every vestige of colour left her cheeks as the bare empty room, with its undisturbed bed and lifeleaa fireplace, waa diacloaed in the full glare of daylight. Her eyes wandered with a restless glauoe t > her huBband, who seemed brisker and more brilliant than ever this morning. Sha turned away with a sickening fear at her heart, which she still refused to confess to herself. She hurried down the stairs, calling to her frienda to follow, and presently during breakfast found herself engaged in aa energetic argument with the sceptical young man. Mrs. Jardine watched her with a look of anxiety, and once when Evelyn met her coaBin'e searching glance Bhe nearly broke down. How ehe managed to get through the day she scarcely knew; perhaps her duties as hostess, which obliged her to appear more or less cheerful, prevented her from growing quite desperate. But when the dinner hoar drew near, ehe was trembling so much that Mrs. Jardine insisted on sending for a shawl. But Evelyn said Bhe would go and dress for dinner at once, in order to receive— her voice faltered and Mrs. Jardine finished the sentence for her, for one or two of the bystanders looked up at Evelyn's abrupt pause— " Receive John when he comes home. Very well, dear; and mind you put on a warm dresB." Evelyn was in the hall long before there was any likelihood of her brother's return. She watched the clock with feverish anxiety; the great minate-hand seemed to move with cruel deliberation; but the hour did at last arrive, and then the time went too rapidly, for the absent one did not appear. The people began to assemble for dinner, and several of them asked if Mr. Douglas had come in yet. " Not yet," aaid Evelyn, and in the depths of her heart a voice said, " He will never oome." They were obliged at last to begiu dinner without him, and the meal passed off gloomily, in strange contrast to the vivacity of the previous night. Thainston, who Bat in his brother-in-law's place at the foot of the table, made valiant efforts to overcome the oppression, but for once his attempt was unaucoeBefuL Now and then Evelyn's eyea would wander hopelessly to the door. She seemed to be listening for every sound, and once the barking of a dog made the colour rush into her oheeks, only to leave them whiter than before when Buchanan came back to Bay that Mr. Douglas had not returned, the dog had only barked at a trespasser crossing the oourtyard. Everyone spoke about the absent host, and Evelyn alone had no theory to advance that might aocount for his non- appearance. She and her husband never spoke to one another, a great gulf seemed to nave opened between them. As soon aa the hurried meal was over a renewed search in the Dule-chamber was decided on. "Not only muBt we search the room itself," said Thainston," but we muat examine the underground passage that John luckily told me of in case of illness or accident. It ia quite poaaible that the roof may have partly fallen in in some places, and prevented his getting out as he intended at the other end, where it opena Into the ruins." This disclosure created some excitement and considerable alarm, though no one liked to express it in Evelyn's presence. She did not raise her eyes. " It is indeed lucky von know the secret, Mr. Thainston," said Mrs. Jardine. " Whit would have happenedif he had not told yoa ?" He addressed his reply, not to her, bat to tbe lady who eat next her, " I knew the secret, too," said Evelyn. Her hatband did not look atner as he eaid : " Your brorner told me tbat yoa did not." " He was mistaken." She was playing with a handecreeu, and kept her eyeB averted. *• Will, let- ui begin our investigation," urged Stewart Peiribur. .tJufcin tho prccestiion wound up the tower, this rime almoBt in silence, aud headed by Thainston, carrying the lamp, just aa Donglas had carried it the night before. The room waa entered and the aearch began ; the fccret exit being at once diacloaed by Thainston. It waa marvellonsly concealed: the opening, just large enough to admit a human being, appeared, when shut, exactly like a part of tbe mantelpiece. "Now I propose that the party ahoald divide," said Tbainaton.' " One or two men will come with me into the bowela of the earth, while the others search every corner of the house. We muet leave no stone unturned in the solution of this mystery." " I will come with you," Baid Evelyn. " No, no, yoa cannot assist us; yoa had better remain behind." Several ladies repeated his advice, thinking that he feared some accident had taken place in the passage, the evidence of which would be too painfal for her to witness. But she paid no beed to their persuasions. At tbe entranoe of the passage ehe raised her eyes, and for a half Becond met Thainston'a straight and fall. He did not flinch from her gaze, but seemed to meet it steadily by an effort of will, " I wish you would not come," be began. A flicker of agony passed acros8 his face aB she shook her head In eilence and paeBed on. Contrary to expectation the passage proved to be qaite clear of obstruction. Tbe exploration party, after a subterranean walk of about a mile, emerged through tbe archway, throating acide the undergrowth of weeds, and fonnd themselves in the open rains, " Now let us firstlfollow the path that he must have taken on hia way back to the house," said Thainston. "We may fiod some clue en route." Evelyn put ont her hand to steady herself. Several unpleasant possibilities of disaster suggested themselves as they went along, but Evelyn's presence prevented every one from speaking of them. There waB an old well into which it would be quite easy to stumble, or Douglas might hure been killed or stunned by the falling of sone of the masonry which in many places waa known to be scarcely safe. Evelyn did not open her lips except when someone spoke a cheering word in a tone betraying the speaker's pity for her in what he felt must be an impending oalamity. Her eyea followed every movement of her hueband; she listened for his every syllable. He led the way now to tbe path that ran at the foot of the castle walls, betweea them and tbe moat. Evelyn felt suddenly faint, and it was only by a strong effort that ahe was able to follow the others, aa Gilbert led them to the northern side, to tbe very spot whence she had heard the splash, and seen him a minute afterwards return towards the house! The path was a mere tracks and from it the bank ran steeply to the water at its foot. Every now and then they came upon loose stones, and then Thainston wonld call back in warning to his followers. In one place there was a complete block ; one of the battlements seemed to have fallen across the path, and over this tho leader himself stumbled and nearly fell. "That looks bad for poor Douglas!" the sceptical young man whispered to hia neighbour. Evelyn followed, with a sickening horror that grew with every word and action of her huBband. " How can he do it! How dare he!" She felt the cleverness and cunning of his conduct, and saw how well it was succeeding. Were it not for a certain dreadful knowledge that ehe alone possessed how irreBiBtible would have been the influence he was leading them all to draw—all except heraelf ! Wonld to God Bheoould be deceived with tbe rest! The round of the ruins concluded, there seemed nothing for it but to return home, leaving farther investigations to the morrow. Still not a word paseed between huaband and wife. Once he seemed about to speak consolingly to her in a hesitating and embarrassed manner, bat Evelyn had hastily interrupted him, giving him a nervous rapidly withdrawn glance, which made him hold his breath and turn sharply away. That frightened, miserable, shrinking glance told bim that his guilt waa no Becret from his wife, however cleverly he had managed to deceive the others. He wished that she would disclose it to all the world ; then with a passionate misery to go on playing this ghastly game, knowing that she knew, seemed imposaible. Yet it had to be done. Evelyn gave no sign. On the following day Thainston had to give orders to have the well sounded, the fallen masonry removed, and finally the moat dragged. Foraeeing the tragic Bolution of the mystery, the people all left hurriedly, feeling themBelvea in the way at Buch a time. Mrs. Jardine alone remained, and upon her devolved the duty of breaking to Evelyn the news of the diacovery of the body of her brother in the moat, nearly oppoaite the heap of Btoces over which Thainston had stambled on the night of the Bearcb. The fact created no surprise, for the general expectation had leaned towards thia result. The marks of a blow on the Bide of tbe head confirmed the conviction that the unfortunate man had fallen over the stones in the pathway, and, being stunned by the shock, had rolled down the steep bank into the moat. Such was the verdict given after the inquest that immediately followed the finding of the body. CHAPTER IV. Evelyn took the news with unhoped-for calmneBS. Mra. Jardine was obliged in the course of the week to return to her own home; but she urged npon Thainston the necessity of sending his wife away from Cairnsmuir at once—the shock had been too much for her; change of scene waa imperative. To this arrangement Evelyn apathetically coneented, but her spirits did not revive, nor did ehe ever again resume her former manner towards her huaband. The gulf between them remained fathomless, though after a time she returned to him at Cairnsmuir and assumed her duties as mistreBB of tbe Caatle. She took up her abode ia the oldest part of the building—the ancient stronghold itself—and tbe two lives that were passed under the same roof never for a moment touched. Absolute silence and reserve reigned between them. As time went on Evelyn became thinner and more and more ethereal in appearance, and ehe began to show consumptive tendencies, which had long been feared by her brother and Mrs. Jardine. Thainston watohed her with desperate anxiety, but he dared not even utter a remonstrance against her reckless exposure of herself, though he knew that she was throwing away the last little hope that there might have been of saving her life. She used to waader desolately about the cold, deserted house, going from room to room like some reatlesa guilty spirit. She refused now to mingle with her fellowB; would aee no one, and discouraged all attempts of her friends to induce her to resume her old habits of life. Cairnsmuir seemed a grief-stricken place. Mra. Jardine'a gloomy propheoy had been fulfilled to the letter. About a year after the eatabliahment ot the new master and mistress at Cairnsmuir old Buchanan, who had never held up hia head since John's melancholy end, was taken ill and died, Evelyn standing by his bedside, and receiving his last words. " Oh God! if only I might die too !" A sense of unutterable desolation overwhelmed her as she closed the eyeB of this trusty friend of many years, who had loved her brother and herself from their childhood. Now ehe was left alone with her miseryworse than alone! Seeing the hectic flush grow deeper every day on her cheek, and all the cruel symptoms of her malady rapidly increase, Thainston at last in desperation ventured to break the awful silence. *'Don't you think that you ought to go away somewhere ?" he said one day, on finding her sitting alone in the cheerless drawingroom doing nothing, her eyea fixed on the carpet. "Go away somewhere?" she repeated vacantly. " You are ill; this place is too damp and cold for you." Sbe startled bim by a laugh; it was the first time she had laughed sinoe her brother's death. " We have duties to the living, you know," the husband pursued in rather a shaky voice; "your love la all buried in your brother's grave. You have none left for me." She looked at him in deep Barpriae. " And you care about that?" Bhe said, with a curiouB searching glauoe at his disturbed face. He raised hiB hands above his head. " Oh! Evelyn, don't you know that your terrible hatred is driving me mad ?" He was as pale as Evelyn herself, and his whole frame trembled. "It is very strange," she murmured, covering her eyes with her bands with a gesture of mingled bewilderment and misery. "Speak one kind word tome," he pleaded; " will you never wake up from your sorrow and love me again? Will you let it kill yoa like this?" He was about to touoh her thin, flushed oheek, but she shrank away from him with a gasp, and he qniokly withdrew his hand, turning, if poBBible a shade paler than before. And then there was a long, miserable silenoe. It aeemed the more dead and ominous for the steady, fateful tickling of the clock aud the dull sighing of the rising wind outside. The afternoon was rapidly waning, the castle lay in Bhadow; river miBta were stealing np and clinging roand the walla. Evelyn, whose gaze went post her husband Hke a flvir« arrow unswervingly directed to some f:*M:-i>t goal, seemed to be watching the darkr.eea creeping on, the laat gleam of rosy colour in the ? ky fueiag into grey, the gloom of coming night deepening over the river and tbe woodB beyond. In thu hollow a circular film of vapour lay banging like a white wreath in the dusk. A hoarse voice broke the stillness at last. What are you looking at Evelyn ?" "The mists rising fiom the moat," Bhe s&id; "They rise BO every night." " I watch them every night," waB the calm answer- Be looked at her furtively, but made no reply ; and presently, after wandering to and ito from the window once or twice, aa if tayicg to make up hia mind to say something more, be went out and left his wife alone. And ao the daya went by, and tbe gulf of separation between theae two remained dark and deep as ever. _ Every night the mists stole up from the river, and the wierd cloud-circle rose above the moat; the winds beat npon the caBtle walla and moaned in the branches of the Dole-tree. The old place had been allowed to go to rack and rain; Thainaton was unexpectedly neglectful of the property that had fallen so^suddenly into his hands. Aa for his wife—eaid the neighbours sadly—she was dying of galloping consumption, and would make no effort to save herself. The damp stains grew darker on tbe walls, and the mosses spread and spread In the large courtyard, while the imps and demons beoame greener about their grinning mouths, as the water poured or dripped upon the paving stones beneath. And still huaband and wife lived on together in their gloomy home, facing one another at their cheerless table, always cold and ceremonious, as though they bad been perfect strangers. And for ever between them lay the seoret known to both; known, bat held in unbroken silence. An unwelcome third, it sat beside them at their hearth, stole by them like a ghost at twilight, or flannted before them with mocking gestures in the fall glare of the morning. It had become tbeiroonstant companion : and each knew well that it waa present, and always present, to them both, Evelyn seemed to be drifting rapidly away as the weeks went on. Each time that her hnsband returned from hia frequent journeyB he found her paler and thinner than before. The spectre that haunted them seemed to be draining away ber life. Thainston watched her sinking day by day, and knew that her doom was sealed. He found her one afternoon lying on her oouoh in tbe deep recess of her lavonrlte window, whither it had been wheeled that ahe might look out through the brandies of tbe Dule-tree to the river, which was now in flood, and seemed to be hurrying away as if grief-driven, to calm Its trouble in tbe far-off sea. Thainaton hesitated, and then came forward. There was a look in her face as she watched the hastening waters that sent a pang to his heart. He ventured timidly to sit down beside the coach. "Evelyn," he eaid in a broken voice, " this place is killing you; won't yon be persuaded to leave it ?" " I have lived here, and 1 shall die here," ahe answered. Then after a pause, " I shall die very soon now; I feel death coming. I am hurrying away like that river " She paused for breath, and Gilbert started up in alarm. "Look how it is tearing over the stones," she went on; " It cares for nothing if only it can get away from the burden of its serrow. When it reaches the sea and loseB itself entirely, the poor little river will find peace at last." Thainston stretched out his arm towards her, bnt Bhe drew away, not now in horror but with a look of hopeleaa grief. For Buch grief the peace and immensity of the ocean of death was alone .the solace. Love and faith lay bleeding like some wounded bird that creeps into the graaa to die in elow and lonely pain. Thainaton was kneeling by the ccncb, his face covered with hia hands. " Speak to me, Evelyn," he broke oat; " only speak to me. I am the most miserable man on the face of the earth ! Have pity on me; curse me; strike me; expoee me; tell all the world what I have done—anything rather than thia horrible hatred and scorn. Oh, pity me!" "Do you think I have not pitied you? That 1 did not know the horror of your life. Ever eince that night my heart haa hied for you, even while I hated you, even while the eight of yoa filled me with loathing. My old love and faith and admiration died in torments. I could not hate and loathe yoa as I should have loathed and bated any other man who had done what you did ; I hated you more, a thousand times more ! I suffered in your suffering, and when yoa seemed callous and unrepentant"—she pave a gesture of deeperation—" sometimes I almost wished that 1 had done the deed myself, rather than you should have done it—anything seemed UBB intolerable than that." He broke into a fit of terrible sobbing. Then, checking himself with a strong effort, he made several attempts to speak. She waited patiently till hd regained control over his voice. "It waa a horrible in8piration," he said hoarsely. " I must tell it you all. 1 was— by my own fault—in tbe power of a man who extorted money from me by threatening to disclose a disgraceful secret. When I met you 1 was pennileBB—deeply in debt; it was my passionate love for you that tempted me. I should have lost you. On that very night he demanded a sum greater than I had any poaaibility of paying; I was deaperate—at any moment my happiness might have been torn from me; I—had taken a large Bum of money from " Leave that part of the story; I understand enough." " That night your brother Baid he would sleep in the Dule-Chamber and disappear, and by some horrible fatality he actually told me the whole secret himself——' Thainston was breathing deeply. "Then the devil entered into me, and gave me that accursed inspiration. Every detail flashed inatantly in my mind; I had no need to think it out. A picture came before me; I aaw him emerge alone from the passage through the archway; I saw my own form creep after him in the darkness aa he went along the path by the moat. I saw the heap of fallen masonry, over which, in very fact, he stumbled. I saw myself strike him a deathblow at tbe instant that be swayed, with one of those murderous stones, and then roll the body into the moat. Even the minute particulars of the aftersearch mapped themselves out before me; every event was born in my brain as we two stood that night side by Bide in the Dale chamber by the fireplaoe. A sort of madness possessed me, I think. You know the wicked calm and cunning that has prevented even a suspicion of my crime ever Bince I committed it. But I am sane at last, and—damned 1" There was a long Bilenoe aa Thainston finished hia confession. His faoe was turned away from hiB wife, and he dared not look at her or raiae hia bowed head. She spoke at last in a low, weak voioe. "Itoo have my tale to tell before I die," she said. In a few broken sentences she explained in what manner she had become acquuned with the miserable seoret. "It was the work of the devil—my purgatory is just over—yours—not yet. Now, come nearer," she whispered. He started forward, seeing the death change begin to steel across her faoe. Het moments and her wordB were numbered. "Bury be beside him, Gilbert" — she stretched out her hand and laid it on his head. " Let your own life be an atonement —I will plead for yon." The pause between each sentence was growing longer. She spoke in gasps, "Twill tell him how yoa saffer —atone—atone—do not spare yonraelf— we have loBt each other in this world—try —try and come to me in the next—I shall ba waiting for you—always." The wave of life was spent; she sankbaok in the last dreadful struggle. •• Ah !stay with me! stay with me!" The miserable man stretched out his arms, clinging to her desperately, and fell sobbing on his knees. But she conld no longer answer him, plead as he might. When two hours later the moonlight began to touch with Bilver the mist-wreath over the moat, and to creep in through the branches of the Dule-tree, it left in quiet darkness the peaceful face of the dead woman, while it fell upon the haggard, distorted features of the man who still knelt beside her, madly disputing her with death in the frenzy of hia intolerable anguish. THE END. 