FREE AT LAST. CHAPTER XXXIII. ON THE RIGHT TRACE AT LAST. The new-comer took off his cap and turned down his collar. The lawyer's instinct.had not deceived him. '?Alone, Atkins ?' he exclaimed, ex, tending his hand, while he swept a quick glance about the room. ? I am glad to have found you up, but had you gone to sleep I must have awakened you. I have just received important news by meszenger, who routed me up at my hotel. I came to you as soon as I could-' ' If the news is unpleasant, do not tell it just yet.' said Atkins nervously, with a glance at the inner room. ' J have news too, Lord Towyn. Come to thiefire..- Bless us, how the wind howls I' The young earl removed his great-. coat and advanced to the fire, and Atkins went into the inner office, The sound of whispering followed. Lord Towyn heard the sound and started, and at the same moment his glance fell upon Sir Harold Wynde's cast-off great-coat and hat. Presently Atkins returned, rubbing his hands together with excitement. 'You are not alone, I see,' said the young earl. ' I will see you again, Atkins--' ' Stay, my lord,' said the : solicitor. 'I have news, great news, to impart, to you. Let me communicate mine1 first.- Can you !ear a surprise-a. shock I' *. .,. ' You have heard from Miss Wyndel cried Lord Towyn. 'You have later news even than mine? Speak, Atkins? Those villains have not su'cceeded in forcing her into a marrage with young Black1 It is not that --say that it is not I' . It is not that, my lord. How am I to tell you the startling news I have just learnedl My lord, I have had a_ visit to-night from a "gentleman who has just: returned from India. He; knew Sir Harold Wynde well, and. came to giveme all the 'particulars of Sir Harold's supposed death.'. 'Supposed.death ? How strangely you choose your-words, Atkins. Sup" posed death I' Yes my lord,' cried Atkins, trembl ing andeager. 'We have all mourned Sir Harold as dead. -And this gentleman' says prepare for a suprise, my lord-he says that Sir Harold Wynde still lives. The young earl started, and gredw white . .'.It is irpossible ! he ejaculated. He livarl-t-t !mAtkins -. o? sometlnposco-'r-... believe that Sir Harold lives !? S'Have you forgotten the letter, of Surgeon Graham, giving a circum stantial. and minute' account of Sir Harold's death I' demanded Lord Towyn. -'If Sir Harold had survived his encounter with the tiger, would he not have returned home over a year ago i' 'The-the gentleman who gave me the particulars of Sir Harold's fats,' said Atkins, full of suppressed excite ment, 'says that the .ba.not was un fortunate enough to incur the enmity fo his Hindoo servant who secretly swore revenge. Sir Harold actully encounter ed tiger, as was said but a'shot from the servant frightened the beast, and he fled back into thejungle. S:r Harold was wounded and- bleeding, alid his horse was killed. The Hindoo servant picked up his, disabled master, and, instead of taking hinm back to Major Archer's bungalow,- he carried him forward and gave him ixto the hands of'some of his own friends and country people, and these friends of the Hndoo carried oif Sir Harold further into the bill country, to their home, a sort of mountain: fastness. TThey kept.- him there clo.ely imprisoned, and,.while we mourned our friend as dead, he was chained in a'cell little better than a dunb,'eon;' . d Lord Towyn still looked incredulous. E' fow did the beirer of this strange tale discover these strange facts they are?' he demanded. [ ' should like to see this gentteman from India. I should like to question him-- He paused, as the door of the inner room opened, and Sir Harold Wynde, pale and haggard, came into the outer office. Lord Towyn uttered a strange cry, and sprang backwards, his face whiten ing-to deathless;. -- -. - " SSir Harold approached the young man extending his hand. '-Behold the gentleman from India,' he said, faintly. ' My dear boy, as me a3 many questions as you likek Don't you know me, Arthur. that you stare at me sol I am no ghost,although our friend Atkins tbok me for one.' Another cry, but this time a cry of rapture. broke from the young earl's lips. He bounded forward and clasped Sir Harold's hands in his, and both were silent with -an emotion too mighty for speech, Atkins turned aside to add fresh fuel to the blazing fire, his own features working. 'Sir Haroldl Oh, Sir Harold I' cried Lord Towyn, at last, in a very ecstasy of gladness, "what a joy this will be to my poor little Neva l She has mourn ed for you as dead, and I have thought that the shadow ofyour supposed fate would darken all her life ! H low glad she will be, my poor little girl ' Your little girl I' said Sir Harold. Lord Towyn'e fair face flushed. \- I loved Neva, and she loves me,' he said, frankly. ' She has promised to marry me, and I hope, Sir Harold, that you retain your former good opinion of me, and will sanction our union.' ' "We will see,' said the baronet preses ing the young earl's hand warmly. 'It has always been my desire, us it was that of your father, to unite mny family to yours. Your face tells me that you have fulfilled the glorious promise of your boyhood. If Neva consents to marry you, my dear Arthur, I shall not refuse my consen:. Lord Towyn looked delighted, and then case a quick, inquiring glance at Atkins 'Does Sir Harold know- he asked. significantly. 'I have told him,' answered the solicitor, 'that Miss Wynde has dis.; appeared in the most mysterious manner, and that she is in the power of two adventurers-" Sir Harold interrupted him by a passionate gesture. ' Arthur,' exclaimed the baronet, his proud face drawn w:th pain. 'Atkins tells me that I have been deceived in -in Lady Wynde, and that he has discovered her to be an adventuress, unscrupulous and unprincipled. "Is this his prejudice I I -cannot give credence to it,' ' It is heaven's truth, Sir Harold,' said Lord Towyn solemnly, holding the baronet's hand in a strong, firm pres sure. ' It is better that you should know the truth from us than to hear it from;strangers, or be further deceived by the woman you made your wife. Lady Wynde is an adventuress, bold and false and wicked.' Sir Harold turned his haggard eyes upon Lord Towyn. ' It is true,' said the young earl, full of the tenderest sympathy. 'You were imposed upon, Sir. Harold. The woman you married, so fair and spot-. less in seeming,was like some fair fruit with a worm at its core. There are adventuresses in good society, of good birth,- and spotless .reputations, 'a? there are well-born adventurers, Mr Atkins is.. right. :Craven Black and Mrs Hathaway have played a daring game, but they have not yet von, - This is a terrible stroke to you, 'dear Sir Harold; but bear it bravely.' You are not desolate because Lady Wynde. teigned a love for you, and?has proved false and wicked. " You have.the holy memories of your first wife. to keep pure and steadfast your faith in woman; You have Neva to love you.' You have your friends.' But Sir Harold threw up his arims with a gesture of depair. 'I loved her 1, he said brokenly. , I have - thought of her in my Indian dungeon, and on the- lonely sea, and have planned how to break to her the news of my return tenderly and gently 'that her reason might be spared a shock," .which I feared might destroy it. And all the while she never loved me I While I thought of her upon the deck, with longings for- wings, that I g1-et?.oane?..reach -her, she was the thought that she was rid of me. for ever ! 4h, this is a dreary -coming home ' - ' It is, Sir Harold,' said Lord Towyn sorrowfully; 'but the wickedness of one person whom you have loved -need' not darken your life nor paralyse your energies. Neva is in .peril. Rouse yourself from this great grief for her sake. Think what joy your return will be to her ] We must ,find " her and save her.' . The young earl had touched the right chord. Sir Harold roused him self from his despair, and-said- . ' Yes, we must find her and save her. But Where are we to'look for lie4r I If the detectives have failed to find a clue to her whereabouts, how are we to. succeed T ' I have been upon. the. Continent, said Lord Towyn, 'and havoe travelled from one end of England to the other. I have been upon a score of false trails, and failed "to' find a trace of those I sought. I have now ,bend three or four days in this town, consulting every day with Atkins or Sir John Freite, while the- detectives continued the -search , and to .night .I have received news which for the first rinse gives-me liope that we are neaiing the end. A messenger sent by one of my detectives, came to see nime by the .last down train from .fondon,with a report of disei.ccri, s - ' They have been fobund`' cried-Sir Harold eagerly. - _ - ' Not yet, The object of Craven Black and his wife-I hardly know how to call her, Sir Harold --was to marry Neva to Black's son, and to obtain control over the Hawkhurst property,' said Lord Towyn,. It is to effect this marriage that Craven Black and his wife are engaged intper. secuting Neva. When they left Hawkhurst, the-y left: -Rnus'- Bliack behind them. It occurred to me that when they should deem- matters in a fair state of progres, or when Neva showed signs of relenting, they would send for Rufus to come and plead his cause, or to marry her, wherever they might be. I therefore hired a de tective to watch Rufus, and it is from this detective, and not from those in search of Neva, that I have to-night heard.' ' And what does he say?'- demanded Atkine breathlessly. ' Young Black has remained at Hawkbhurst ever since the marriage some five weeks. Two or three days ago he went up to Londou. The dee tective, who has been stopping at Wyndham as a commercial traveller in broken health, went up in the same train. It seemed at first, my messenger says, as if young Black had had no object beyond a day's saunter in town. He visited picture shops. and so on, but-that night he went to the Great Northern Railway station, and found the train gone. That movement oi his, as the detective said, began to look like business. Black went to his hotel,- the detective still on his track. The next morning young Black sold his watch and chain, and the next evening he was off again to the Great Northern Railway station. ?He. caught Ithe night express, and wentin it, the detective in the same train. The de- t tective sent a note from Edinbnrgh to a fellow.-officer, who brought it to me to-night. I am convinced that Rufus Black has gone to rejoin his father, and that if we follow him, we shall find Neva. ' To what place did he book himself asked Atkins. 'To Inverness. It is plain that, while the Blacks tried to persuade us that they were upon the Continent they were safely hidden with Neva. in the Scottish High!ands. They. may have gone there from some idea of bringing about an informal Scottish marriage between Neva and young Black. Nova can know nothing of the marriage laws of Scotland, where a declaration from a woman that a certain man is her huslband, when he hears and does not contradict the assertion, and vice versa, constitutes a legal and bind. ng marriage. The Blacks may calcu late upon Nova's ignorance, and hope to avail themselves of the facilities of Scottish law in marrying her to Raufus.' 'It is very probable,' said Atkins, knitting his brow. 'Young Black has the start of us Ho must have arrived at Inverness to. day. I came here to propose, Atkins, that we start for the north by the earliest marning train. We are on the right track now,' said Lord Towyn. ' Let us follow it up promptly.' ' We will go in the morning,' de clared Atkins. ' I shall go also,' said Sir Harold, ' Let the secret of my return be kept a secret still. I do not wish to warn this Craven Black, or. put .him on his guard. Call ms Mr Hunlow. It is the name I travelled home under. And be careful not to betray my secret until I myself declare it, The three sat togeother. by the. office fire all the remainder of the nlight, and talked. In the morning Atkins wrote. a note to his wife; :and another to his clerks, :and leaving the notes upon his' desk, went out.with his two guests be. I fore the family were astir.:. Sir Harold I muffled his face beyond ; recognition, and conducted Lord Towyn and Atkins to his hotel;' Heie they, were served with breelfast, and soon after .they proceeded to the stationi and took the. train for London' Sir Harold breathed :more. freely when they had left the-cathedral town behind them.:.. He-was-well known in Canterbury, and with 'a strange, nervous shrinking,. he dreaded recogni tion before he should choose to make his return known.. On arriving in London, the three pursuers hastened to the Great Northern Railway station, and an hour later they were on their way to Scot land, upon the trail of Rufus Black. REUNITED. ] -Upon the day after the storm, a high wind still prevailed. No sailing vessel dared put out to tea from Inver ness. The sky was dun and gray, with now and then a fitful gleam of sickly yellowish sunlight. The black waters were all alive with ! white caps,' and the sullen roar of the waves, as they hurled themselves against the -cliffs upoi'whose summit stood-the house of Heather Hills, filled all the house with its monotonous tumult. Lally Bird spent the morning in-her own room, upon a sofa in. a recessed window. Mrs Peters came and went softly, bestowing'pitying glances upon the rounid gipsy face lying so white and sorrowful against the cushions, but the dusky eyes were looking seaward with a strange, far off, stedfast gaze, and it was evident that the young girl was not.even conscious of'the presence of her attendant. At noon Mrs Peters brought up a tray on which was spread a tempting luncheon of chocolate, hot rolls, delicate game birds, and jellies. - She placed this, tray upon a low table, and wheeled it beside the sofa; . Still Lally did not stir. - ' Miss Lally,' cried'the good woman her lip. quivering. ' Are you not going to eat to~day 1 You had no breakfast. You will be ill. I know that .I-have offended you beyond all fnrgiveness, and that my face must be unpleasant in your sight; but I would undo what' I have done if I could. Better almost any kind of a marriage than to see you lying here looking so wan and hopeless. Oh, Miss Lally if you would only speak to me ' Lally turned her face slowly, with a look of sunrprise mingling' with her expression of pain. - . * Why,'Peters~,' shes id'-Iindly.'i'I did not know you were so troubled about me. I am not angry at you. You meant what you did for the best. There, don't cry Peters. I am not angry" indeed, I am not. You are as much my friend as ever. Sit down by me, and we will eat our luncheon to' gether.' Peters complied as soon as she could command her emotion, and Lally aroused herself to speak cheerfully, and to inquire concerning the result of the storm. After the luncheon, the young mis. trees of Heather Hills announced her ihtention of going'cut for asolitary walk. The wind was not so high as it had been in the morning, and Mrs Peters did not venture any objections. Lally attired herself in a bombazine walking dress and astrakan iacket, hat and muff. and about two o'clock she went out alone for a walk along the cliffs. For an hour or more she rambled on stopping now and then to rest, and keeping near the sea, over whose wide wild waters her gaze strayed and fized itself with singular steadfastniess. -At last she sat down upon a great boulder, and the slender black figure was out lined against the gray sky with start ling distinctness. Before her lay the wild restless sea, behind her;lthe adil'sting frlldof her new domain. At one side of her, in the gray distance, was the house of Heather Hills, and on the other hand, and nearer, was the low range of Leath clad hills which gave the estate its name. It was a lonely spot, that upon which she had paused to rest, with a bold bluff surmounted by a very chaos of rocks, upon whose summit she had perched herself. A few seagulls were screaming in the air, but besides them and the wild birds on the heath there was no sign of life, far or near. An hour passed. The wind still blew strong and fierce, tugging at her hat and garments with strong, despoil.. ing hands. Her veil was swept over the bluff into the abyss of waters ani her hair was torn from its confining braids, and tumbled over her shoulders in a dusky cascade. But still Lally sat high up upon the rocky mass, pay ing no heed to wind or murmur of wave, her soul being busy with the great problem of her destiny. -. And so, looking seaward with great longing eyes she did not me a human figure coming towards her over the fields. It came nearer and nearer the figure of Rufus Black! The young man had gone back to inverness upon the previous night, but he had not been content to accept his dismissal at the hands of Mrs Peters. His old love for Lally was strong and fierce, and he was determined to win back his lost young wife, if energy and patience and love and sincere repent ance could win her back. So. after a sleepless night, and a morning spent in indecision and irresolution, he had come out again to Heather Hills. Mrs Peters was in her own room, and the housemaid had answered his knock. Rufus had inquired for Miss Bird, but the housemaid had never heard the name, He then asked for Mrs Black. That name was' also unknown at Heather Hills. In this dilemma, be. lieving Lally to be at the Hills, as a companion to Miss Wroat, and be. lievingher to have taken a new name us a disguise, he boldly asked for Miss Wroat, determined to see Lally's sup. posed employer, and to entreat her to intercede on his behalf with Lally. The housemaid had told him that Miss Wrost had gone out far a walk, indi' cating the direction ; and calling up all his courage; Rufus had started in pure suit. He saw the dark and slender figure perched on the rocks while yet afar off, Something in its droop reminded him of Lally, and he came on at a swinging pace, his eager gaze never swerving from her; and as he came nearer and yet nearer, the conviction stole u;on him that it was Lally her self at whom he looked. ' She must have come out with Miss roat,-he thought. 'Rich ladies never walk'wittoiirt 9'4attenaanr.-:- hee has dropped behind, being tired. It is Lally ! it is-it is i' He came up swiftly, the damp soil deadening the sound of his footsteps. He gained the rocks, and began to climb them to Lally's side, but the girl did not stir, nor notice his approach. A sudden sound at her side at last startled her. With a quick ex clamation, she turned her head-and behold him ! She did net speak, but her great black eyes grew larger, and her face grew suddenly so deathly white that he thought she must be fainting. 'Lally ! 0 Lally ! he cried to her, in an anguished broken voice. ' Thank, heaven I I have found you I 'Oh my darling, my little wife, "whom I have mourned as dead !' He knelt down before her, in the shadow of a projecting rock, the tears streaming over his face, and his eyes regarding her in wild imploring. So a devotee might have knelt to his patron saint,feeling unworthy to approach her, conging and praying with his whole soul for forgiveness and mercy, Lally felt her soul melt within, her. ' Oh Rufus !' she gasped, in a choking whisper. \- He put up his arms to infold her. She shrank back, not with loathing, but with a sudden dignity, a sort of majesty, that awed him. - 'You must not touch me, Bufus,' she commanded. 'I am not your wife.' ' You are ! You are I Before heaven I declare that you are my wife.' ' Hash, Rufus! You wrote to me that I was not your 'wife. Don't you remember I Yon said that our marriage was ' null and void.' ' [ thought it was. My father tol me so r cried Rufus. ' He threatened to- have :me indicted ?for perjury,? in swearing that we were of age at the time of our marriage. My father's mirnd was set upon my marriage with a great Kentish heiress, who loved another than me. Ithought you dead, and I appealed to her to save me from going to perdition.' '1 heard your offer of marriage to her,' said Lally. ' And you are en. gaged to marry her I' 'No; she refused me. I have thrown off the fetters my father has k:cptupon me, andI am free. LIlly,I oier you a second marriage, which no one can contest. Will you forgive me and take me back P His words found an echo in Lally's heart, but she did not speak. She be' g-n to tremble. ' I came today to entreat Miss Wroat to intercede with you for me,' said Rufus, becoming alarmed at her silence. 'I have not a fine home to offer you, such as Miss Wroat gives youn; but 1 will work for you, Lally. I can do anything with you, Lally but if leftto stand by myself I shall surely fail. Lally, little wife, take me back! He glided up nearer to her, and held out his arms, SShe crept into them like a weary child, looked up at him with great tender eyes full of a sweet compassion and love,.and offered him her lips to kdiss - And so they were re-united. For a while they sat in silence, their hearts too full for words. Then Rufus Black reverently touched her black garments, and asked, simply ' Are these worn for me Z' Lally shook her head. 'For the lost love and vanished trusts' he asked. 'Yes I see. But, my wife, if you will love and trust me again, I will try to make your life all rose colour. Poor little wife I How you have suffered ! I know the whole story from Miss Wroat. When I called at the house yonder last evening and asked for you as Mrs Peters, a tall bony woman, who stood in the hall, came forward, and said she was Mrs Peters. I was completely mystified, for I had decided in my own mind that you were known.here as Mrs' Peters, but I now see how it is. The old'lady knows your story, and called herself Mrs Peters to throw me off your track. She told me all your adventures since we parted. And now, little wife, let us seek your employer, and tell her that you have taken me back, and. that we are to be married toemorrow morns ing at Inverness.' ' ' So soon Rufus.' 'Yes. 'I mean to make you mine in a new bond that no one can contest. I have never taken steps to have our first marriage set aside, and I think it still stands. But we will be married. quietly to morrow morning in a Pre~ byterian church, and we can' be -so married without a licence or' publi-: cation of banns;' May I take you to the church to*.morrow. little wife':" ' es,' saidlally, softly.. 'Oh Rufus' I do think you are going to lie strong and brave, and true henceforward; .and! if so I shall not-regret what I I--have; suflered.' It has been'very bitter,' anid she shuddered ; but lieave is' good to us at last. I will try and 'be 'a go'd wife,and to strengthen and iiphioldyou.' ' You were always a good :wife;;to me,' sobbed Rufus, with a sudden re membrance ' of -her' gentleness, her tenderness, her strong faith in him, and her resolute faith that hse 'would some day achieve honours and wealth, ' Oh Lally I am not worthy to `touch the hem of.- your garments,; but for your sake I.will be a man.' Lally stroked his cheek softly, as she' had been wont to do in the long.ago,; at the' dingy lodgings at Brompton.' s ' My poor boy she whispered yearn. ingly, 'My poor dear boy !' 'Shall we go in search of Miss Wroat Y' asked Rufus drying his eyes. ' I do not see her on the shore. I own I am afraid to meet her,.Lally. It's a remnant of the old cowardice, you seao. But last night, when she told me your pitiful story, I quailed before her. She must despise me, and she will surely persuade you to cast me off.' SMy poor Rufus i' said L-lly with a visited her rogsi t blight had fallen on 'hec life ?'-:Mrs1 Peters is harsh in seeming,' hut' her heart is true and tender. She loves me dearly, and I love her more as a friend than as a mistress.; One thing we. must unde'istand, Rufus, andi Lally's gayety increased I can't part with dear old.Peters.' Rufus looked aghast. 'You-you won't marry me, then1'; he gasped. . • Yes, Rufus';-but I must keep Peters :he won't leave ine ; and be sides, it was only yesterday I thought her the oily friend' 'had in the.world.' ' Her: name. is 'Peters then'' said ' Rufus, bewildered i. I traced you two up from London -under the names of Miss Wroat and Mrs Peters. . I didn't notice a third name as 'belonging to the party. By what nsme are you' known here then, Lally I' ' As Miss' Wroat, dear.' . Rufus looked his amazement. '- I1- don't understand,' he said, lielplessly, aidding,:: 'They: said that Miss Wroat was an eccentric old lady, who was rich anhd odd as Dick'shat.. band. Has she adopted you'I. 'Do you remember, 'Rufus, that lhist morning we spent tocether at Brompi ton I said'Lally, gravely, 'I told you? then that .'I had no relative living ex. cept a great..sunt, an old lady who lived in London, and who was rich, but whose' name I did not know. That aunt-I afterwards discovered." Her name was Mrs ' Wroat. whe was an eccentric old lady, but good and sweet at heart, and I loved her. She is deadi and it is for her I wear mourning. Rufus looked in open-eyed astonish.. ment. 'That is not all,' said. Islly.- ' I took my aunt's name at her.: dcath,.;t her reqeesit". She imaddjme-her heiress: I am the owner of the3'tow"i'house ?n' Mfount- street, 'and of the 'estafe, of Eeather Hills, and have besides fifty housand pounds safely invested, so hat I have an income of about three housand peunds a year. Rufue's arm dropped from-his wife's w.ist. 'An heiress I' he muttered. "And.I have dared to dream that you would ake me back An heiress I A'trifle of money will set you free, Lally, from any marriage claims, and you can marry according to your new position, I do not wonder that Mrs Peters urned me out of your house, a poor, good-for.nothing coward, unfit even to address you. &n; heiress! 0 heaven ! The word is like a two -edged sword between us ! .He moved backward, white and trembling. A mischievious gleam shot from Lally's dark eyes. ' I have known so much of poverty,' she said, I. that I should like to keep his wealth. It would make a good' basis to build upon. But if it is like a two-edged sword between us' I suppose I can endow some already rich hospital with it, or give itto Peters, or send it.to the heathen.' 'You don't mean, Lally,' cried Rufus, all agitation ' that you, a rich ady,'will stoop from your high estate and marry me, and try to make somee thing of aie ' ' I do mean just that,' cried' Lally, " with spirit; ' or you know,Rufus that I love you 1' Rufus was at her side again in an' nstant. The hour wore on, and the early dusk of the evening fell around the re - united lovers. Lally started at -last, crying out ' Bow dark it grows ! It must be five o'clock. and Mrs Peters will be dis tracted about me. I don't know that it is just etiquette, Rufus, but the cir-. cumstances are peculiar; and I don't believe that Mrs Grundy has laid down any rule to fit the precise case, and the: situation is so. remote, and I- don't believe anybody will know or care ; and so-and so I'll invite you to remain to dine with me. But at an early hour -by ten o'clock, mind !-you must start for Inverness,' - 'And you will meet me there.at._. eleven o'clock in the moraning, at the kirk, little wife 1' 'Yes,' - said Lally, solemnly, and ,with a holy joy in her black eyes, ' I ill.be therel- " Who shall part as now, CHAPTER XXXV. AN UNTIMELY ARRIVAL. In the early dawn of a gray wild - morning, Sir Harold Wynde, Loid Town, and Mr Atkins arrived at Inver ness. They proceeded directly to the Railway Hotel, and secured bedrooms and sitting- room, and ordered break% fast. -Some attention to their toilet was, necessary, and after baths and vigorous brushing, they met in their sitting-room, and here a very- tempt= ing Scottish breakfast was served to them. -;-They were still lingering at the table, discussing 'their future movements,' when a knock was heard at the door; and:the detectiveowho had'been sent to watch'jIufus Black entered the room. He was a thin, small -man, with;a' sharp business face, and looked the very, ideal of a keen commercial traveller, and Sir Harold for the moment supposed that such was his vocation, and that the man had strayed into the wrong room. This impression was speedily corrected. ' Good morning,' my lord,'- said the officer, addressing himself to the young earl.' 'Expected your lordship, up yesterday. -Goodomorning Mr Atkins. Fine morning sir,.-for Scotland.: My lord can I see you alone tor a few minutes ' 'Say what you have to say here, Ryan,' said ' the young' earl. ' Mr Atkins is a fellow guardian of' the young lady of whom we are in search, and this gentleman, Mr Hunlow, is also a friend of Miss Wynde. Speak" out therefore.. Have you any news l The detective glanced half uneasily -aEtth?.,o broet whose striking face announced that 'hie6- Wtit n commoi~n personago. The gray hair and gray military beard had not greatly changed Sir Harold's looks, but Ryan had never seen the baronet before, and of course conceived no suspicion of his. identity. The taronet arose and went to the hearth, sitting down before the fire, his :face. half: turned away from the detective, who again addressed himself to Lord Towyn. . ' There :is news my lord,' ho announced, 'I succeeded in' tracing Rufus Black up to this place.: He stopped at the Caledonian. In fact, he is stopping'there now.' .. The young earl's face kindled ..with. excitement. ' Then we cannot be' far friomMiss Wynide !"'. he. exclaimed. ' He has stopped two or three days at Inverness, and that ?roves that' hehas not much further to go.. Has 'he 'been: out of Inverness since he came T l The detective's face 'clouded a little: 'Rufus Black arrived at Inverness the day .before ,yesterday,' ' he 'said, " SUpon the afternoon of "the -very day,'. on which he; arrived, while I was at dinner,.hr.wefit off in a cab, and did. ,not return.till late in tlie. evening. I was loungingabout.the d-door when he came back, and. he looked the very pictuire of despaii;,and came inreck lessly, and went to his room. - ' That proves that Miss Wynde is not many miles from here,' said Lord - Towyzn. "'His despair may be readily accounted for, if he had just come from-an interview with her,' - i '.Yesterday,' continued the officer, 'he strolled. .about the town all the,. forenoon, and went down to, the river, : and visited the wharves on the canal,- - sids'eemed to be making up his mind.. tiodo'omething that required couirage After liuncheon at the 'aledoniahn, he took a cab and went off again, not re . turning till midnight last night.' 'And you followed him ,l cried Atkins. - V What, and put that sharp old ferret Oraven Black on his guard i' ejaculated Ryan, in astonishment. ' No, sir. We've got an uncommon pair to deal with. -Mr Black and his lady are aso shrewd and keen as any old stagers I ever knew. It wouldn't do to: let. them' suspect that we are on their. track, or they would outwit us yet,and perhaps put the young lady in peril, Poeple do a many things when they. get desperate that will do theni no good, and is sure to haris-them it found out.' - A stiled groan dame from .Sir Harold. Ryan shot a quick, -sus picious glance at him. ' Then you are at a standstill, Ryan, said Mr Atkins impatiehtly. ' You - have treed the game and eat downJ td wait for us ' r S (To be continued.) ".The Terrick East Bible Christian Sandiy " school. held 'heir eunbual picnic • at the Mount on 'Good Friday. The Mitiamo Church of England picnic was also held - it the same plico on Easter Monday.' - A mushroom ten inches in diameter has . been found at Ma~rong. 