Sow the liger Kills and Eati Ih a paper read before tho Bomba Natural History Society recently, and pul lishedin its journal, Mr. Inveianty, a notei !????- i ; -? shikari , discussed the habits of the tiger . and especially the mode in which it kills ? and eats its prey. Somo think ho seizes by,. the throat others by the nape of the neck i i v mst from above. :;mwi Mr. Inverarity has examinsd scores ol. -? if, , point, and in every case but one tho throat : was seized from below. The exception waa ' , an old boar who had been seized by tho back of tho neok from above. One ofa , single file of villagers who was once, seized ? by the nape of the neck by a man eater, - ? - : but saved by bis companions, had no idea ? . '? when he recovered his senses what -had . -v:i ? ? happened. Whether dislocation of the neck - ? . takes place is doubtful. The tame hunting leopards always kill-by. ...... i.« pressure on tho windpipe, without break ing tbe skin; possibly the tiger kills in tha : ? ? Bame way. It is only by accident, if at all, . . r-. - that tigers in killing sever an important vein or artery, and no blood to speak of . flows from the throat' wounds. Very larga and powerful animals like the bull, buffalo - and bison, if attacked at all, arc in tbe first . . . - instance attacked from the rear, with a view - ? ,. .r( to disable them. Having killed, tbe tiger almost invariably begins eating a hind quarter, consuming one or probably both. Somet.mcs he leaves the stomach and intestines as they are; ?? - ' - Bometimes he will remove them to one Bide. - making a neat parcel of them. A tiger and ? a tigress together will finish an ordinary sized animal at one meal, leaving only tin head. In this case it is probable that tlu- ' second begins at tlio fore quarter. Animals are never eaten where they are killed, but are always dragged a short distance. They are not lifted clear of the ground, but - ' dragged. Having gorged himself ,the tiger sometimes lies close by his prey, but if it is hot weather v. and there are hills in the neighbourhood, he ? will go a long distance oil before resting for -t .i - the day. He prefers to lie in a cool cave or f in a breeze on tbe bill side than in the close hot jungle. Ho returns next night and finishes what v.. is left, bat be never eats a eecond time on : - tbe same spot, dragging the remains of the- :i- prey 40 or 50 yards off. Sportsmen coming .?$? on a half-devoured animal and desiring to - , n: catch the tiger, tie the prey to a tree. -The ; tiger takes about two hours' steady eating to ,- :;:r finish the fore quarters of a bullock. Mr. Inverarity sat over a small tigress cno ? *. night who ate for ten minutes, then went ' away for twenty, probably to drink, and on . : her return ate steadily for two and a quarter h-iurs. He did not fire, as he could not sec , ? * ? her. ?'.! Tigers are cannibals ; they will mako then meals off each other. They arc supposed.: to kill once iu five or six days, and no doubt , . the tiger after a heavy feed does not care to ? n hunt much for a few days ; but a tiger icills: whenever he can. They have been known , to kill on 14 consecutive nights. . Mr. Inverarity believes that animals killed by tigers suffer little beyond the panic of a few seconds. The' shock produces a stupor and dreaminess in which there is no sense of . ? ; : . pain or feeling of terror. The powerful ; stroke of the fore paw of tho tiger is a fiction; he clutches with his claws as one v- ' ~ might with the fingers, but does not strike a' blow. ; . . r . Tigers wander immense distances at night, and, as they like easy going, they go on roads , and paths. They do not liko to move dur ing the haet of the day, as tho hot ground burns their pads and makes them raw. They can on occasion climb trees. Ia Salsette one climbed after a certain ' Pahdoo, but could not reach him, and re tired. Pandoo, thinking the ooast clear, got down and ran toward home, bnt on the way was caught by the tiger and killed. ' The inquest report atated that Pandoa : died of the tiger eating him ; there was nc ' other causo of death.. Nothing was left ? VJ except somo fingers, which probably be- \ v longed to the right or left hand.' Native! ? V havo a belief that the ghosts of tho man- ' eater's victims rido in his hoad and warn . him of danger, or point the way to fresh. . ? victims. 