VISIT OF THE BISHOP OF MELBOURNE. Coyrnrvmiox SERVICE AT CUBIST CHUBCXX. Yesterday afternoon the Right Tiev. Dr. Goe. Anglican Bislioj) of Mell>oume. who during the 2«ast few days Itas l*>eu on a visit to tliis portion of his diocese, conducted a confirmation service at Christ Church. The important event liad l>een looked forward to for some time with con siderable interest by the Anglican denomination, and naturally a very large congregation as sembled to witness the ceremony. although, in order to prevent unnecessary crowding. admission to the church was obtainable only on presenta tion of invitation cards. The Bishop was accom panied in the service by Canon Goodman, the Rev. Dr. Green, and the Revs. G. Sproule. W. A- J. Wells, and J. Cameron. Altogether there were 1->S candi<lates for confirmation. the majority of whom were young ]>eople of l*>th sexes, including 70 females and 59 males. The confirmees were sent from the several parishes in the district. 59 coming from St. Paul's parish. 40 from Christ Church. G from Lara. 15 froni All Saints, 10 from Maxshalltowu, and S from the Barrabool Hills district. The young ladies ?were attired in white costumes, with caps and veils of a similar liue. and the effect -was very attractive. The proceedings commenced with the rendering of the hymn '* Soldier of Christ arise.** in ivhich the entire congregation joined. Before commencing the ceremony the Bishop briefly addressed the confirmees on the nature of the engagement they were about to enter on by l>eing confirmed. When they were born they were received into the church by baptism. anil they then promised, through their godfathers and godmothers, that they would resist the devil and his pomps, the world and its danger ous allurements and the lustful longings of the flesh. Thev were going that :tfteruoon to uii dertaketliat engagement themselves. and in : addition they would also promise to fight like good soldiers to the end for their Master. Tliat promise might not seem very difficult of fulfil ment. "but they would have*to prejiare aud en counter temptations wluch would require all their strength aud courage to enable them to withstand. Theoceaaon would perliaps arise when they would 1>e tempted to deny their dear Saviour, and they would need a very great dealofthe love of God in order to overcomeit. Alluding to the necessity of remaining firm in their religious convictions, and the duty im posed uj>ou thein always to defend when attacked, he said they were not required or ex pected to enter into wild religious arguments. He urged tlicni never to stand idly by without reproving persons who wantonly offended the blaster, under whose banner they were to fight. He knew tliat great courage was needed to enable them to at all times to condemn wliat they knew to _ l>e -wrong, but they should not entertain fear of anyone except Go<L He once knew a man who prayed that he might fear no one but God- He would wish to hear them all make that same prayer. On the tomb of the great Lord Lawrence, in "Westminster Abbcv, there was the simple inscription "He feared not man. !>ecatise he loved God so much." ! AVhat a great thing it would be if. when their ; warfare was over, the same could be written of them. S]>enccr Thornton, who had attended Kugby during the time that Arnold was the head master of that institution, afforded them an example of how they should he ready to act after being confirmed as soldiers of Christ. It was always observed that he was a good lad, "but particularly was lus circumspect conduct noticed after he had been confirmed. He was not one of those who carried religion in their pockets and were ashamed to let it be seen. Unbecoming conduct on the part of his schoolfellowshe could not tolerate in liisj)resence and his influence made itself so felt that swearing and othervices perceptibly decreased. That was the maimer in which they should be prepared to act- It would "be uusoldierly for them to stand by and hear their captain insulted with out vindicating his honor. They would not allow anyone to assail the character of a dear friend, or say or do anything that would "be hurtful to hin. and so in like manner should they in their love be ready for the defence of Christ- He exhorted tliew to trust themselves entirely to the guidance of tie Master, to whose service they were about to pledge themselves. If they confided in TTTm they would go forth to -will great spiritual victories, and by TTfgi grace they would overcome what ever sin they might be tempted to commit. Alluding to the ceremony itself the Bishop stated;: that there -were two reasons for the imposition of hands. The first was "because the Apostles did it, for they read in the Scriptures that when any new converts were made to the Christian faith they were brought to the Apostles, who laid hands upon them that they might receive the gifts of the Holy Ghost- The second reason was that by thatagn they might be assured that God's grace had passed upon them, and that they might therefore go into the struggle for salvation with courage and confidence. The Bishop then laid his hands upon each of those to be confirmed,pronouncing aloud the words prescribed in the liturgy. The cereiuoiiv occupied a considerable time, and at its conclusion, Lordship delivered an ad dress of encouragement to those who had been confirmed. Probably they might eutertaw apprehensions as to how they could keep inviol able, the solemn resolution they had made with regard to their future service of God, Perhaps they would say to themselves that they were in danger of falling into an, how could they keep holy, tliat they were liable to temptation,* and how were they to stand. There were three important means of securing grace to strengthen themselves. The first wus : prayer to God, and they should learn, to make gocwl use of that help." They should pray to God for help and guidance, as a cliild to its father, for God was their father. They would also derive great advantage from judicious read ing of the scriptures. Tliis was a very important matter, and they would do well to seek the advice of a clergyman as to the rule they should follow with regard to it. like the miner search iug for the treasure in the earth, so it was with the Bible. The more they studied it, the more riches they would derive from it. Finally, he called upon them to frequently approach the Lord's table, for his loving invitation asked . them to do so. The precious body and blood, which Christ shed for them, would strengthen and refresh their souls, as the bread and vine which they received did the bod}". The speaker concluded his address by an exhort - tion to all to become regular communicants. At St. Paul's church in the evening an ex ceptionally large congregation attended to hear the sermon, "which it had been announced the Bishop would preach. Tlie devotions for the evening were conducted by the Rev. Dr. Green and the ltev. AV. A. J. '"Wells. The Bishop preached on the chantctcr Christ would assume at the last judgment. 