SOME THINGS THAT CONCEW US. BULLI THE BEAUTIFUL. BY BELVIDERE. Balder the Beautiful will perhaps pardon me if he knows anything about it for robbing him of his title, or at least making him to share it with Bulli. I met an old gentleman once in the island of Santa Barbara who had never been two miles away from the place were he was born. He was a wealthy vigneron, he had a fine estate, he had a family of two stalwart sons, and a lovely daughter, but nor business, nor pleasure, nor family duty, could ever take him away from the shadow of his figures, or rather his gumtree, for there were gumtrees over theo. There was two miles and a half from his place, a beautiful waters I fall, three hundred feet in height, and a pass which thousands of tourists came to admire, but Signor Montalal never troubled his head about such things. He courted his wife on his own plantation, and if his estate had not been near the sea, he would never have seen it or cost the ship that bore the fruit of his vines afar. He was a unique specimen, of humanity, and yet he only gave one the impression of a cosy, satisfied, genial vigneron, half Spaniard, half Anglo- Saxon, he said he had brought his chaRRed up to do his travelling for him. He was not disappointed. They made up for his home daying. This preamble gives me a chance to say that there are plenty of people in Sydney who have never been beyond the limits of the corporation. They are quite satisfied to see Coogee or Manly 01? Watson's Bay, and some few of them, perhaps, have not even ventured so far. But what shall be said of those people of Six lines who, in the days of easy travel have not seen Bulli the Beautiful and the beautiful Bulli Pass? They have certainly left undone that thing that they ought to have done I was a sinner myself a week ago. I had been familiar with Bulli chiefly through the terrible gas explosion that occurred in the mines there last March, and which destroyed eighty-two lives. I had got the impression of a dirty, dismal, wicked-looking place, in which one would learn some lessons of life's coarseness, of its hardness, and of its ugliness. I thought of Bulli Pass as a gloomy "cut in frowning metallic hills, which would chill one to the south, and would only impress with its gloomy grace, a kind of charnel-house beauty, But this impression was about as near right as most impressions are that have not behind them an required background of fact Had I taken the trouble to inquire of some reliable person I would have had a better idea of Bulli and its surroundings. I expected little, maid I found much; I looked for dullness, and I found nature at its cleverest and brightest j I looked for the common- place, and I found the glorious. I thought of a dreary mining settlement, and I found a smiling, graceful village between the mountain and the sea ensconced in the richest verdure, called on one side by the " Blow song of the wide water," and on the other by the voices of birds in the hills. It lies there barricaded on the west by the great mineral wall thrown up by the angry Earth one day long gone, and crowned now and garments with palm, and fern and aloe, and willy-nilly, and the health-giving gum, and on the other trenched about by the palpitating azure-the vast and wondering ocean. Two years ago, for the first time, I travelled from Hobart out upon the Huon- road, and just now I turned up the Herald to see what I said about it. I find that I was warm in my admiration, and that I expressed the opinion that there was no prettier track in Australasia. I meant it. And I mean it when I say that I think the Bulli Pass is quite as beautiful as the Huon-road, while the former has the striking advantage of having the seas as its lower and ultimate limit. I must admit that after I had come to Stanwell Park on my way to Bulli, and had got a glimpse of the coast line and the delightful scenery by the way, I was not unprepared for Bulli the Beautiful ; but when I left Redfern station I had no anticipation of aught that was more than moderately pleasant, and possibly commonplace. With business cares cast off, my companion and myself took the Illawarra train at 980 on Saturday morning, eager, at any rate, for a breath of pure air and a change of scene and diet. It was not long before we got both. The first came to us ere we got to Hurstville, and when we came to Como we were as if transported to another climate. Hurstville, Como, Tempo, Clifton, these are places that are destined to be fashionable and charming suburbs of this great metropolis. Already there are springing up handsome villas and cosy homes, already one can see the luxurious hand of wealth, as well as the careful and patient hand of him who has toiled for many a year to make A comfortable home out of the toil and most of the city, out of its hard- handed greed, its avarice and hateful pride. The Illawarra line altogether is the most picturesque line in New South Wales, and happily that which pays the best. It is not always that beauty and success go together, though they certainly are expected to do so. Helen of Troy did not bring prosperity to the arms of Paris and Hector, and Mrs. Gordon Baillie languishes in prison, or rather works as in prison as she never worked out of it Her line didn't pay. It appeals to me that the Illawarra line is destined to become the most popular one in the country. From the time one emerges from the long tunnel before the lovely glimpse of the ocean comes at Stanwell Park till one gets to Kiama, there is a panorama of wonderful beauty. Here on the right is a hamlet tucked snugly in the bush green of a quiet valley, and on the left sheer precipices falling to the sea and there, in place of village, there falls across the sight a ravine, in which are huddled wonders of palm and fora and acacia and mimosa and waratah and Christmas bush and creeping 'vine and sturdy eucalyptus. No straggling, distorted, ghostly eucalypti there, but clean straight holes we see such as may be seen on the famous Bundaleer reserve near Jamestown, in South Australia, One learns to love the gun when it is the clean leafed, straight-growing, perfumed tree that one sees in the best districts of this land. All the year round they give us honest value for all earth does for them. They ask no rest such as the elm and the beech and the maple and the oak claim in the cold regions of the north. Why then complain that they are not as umbrageous as their northern sisters? They are as worthily, representative of nature in this southern hemisphere as we hurry. beings are, for we have not all the qualities we should possess in more sturdy climoB. What our trees lack in beauty they make up in constancy, and that is a good thing wherever found. Between Sydney and Bulli there are fifteen stations. Between Sydney and North Kiama, the terminus of this coast railway-line, there are twenty-six stations inclusive. The distance altogether is seventy miles. And all this district is prospering, and the villages are growing every day. There is a brighter, more modern, and more vigorous air about the settlement along the Illawarra-road than along any other in New South Wales. There is one short stretch of country barren-looking before Stanwell Park is reached, but after that the district is luxurious and inviting. In that lovely valley from Stanwell Park to Kiama all the fruits of the earth can be grown: the peach, the lemon, the orange, the poor, the apple, the strawberry, and the raspberry. It is a strange arrangement of nature. Beneath the thick mantle of verdure, beneath the bushy covering of the hills, there are the great ribs of mineral which the hands of man have broken, and still are breaking, to help drive the wheels of the world. One may climb the mountain side at Bulli and roam among its green fastnesses day after day, never suspecting there are burrowing beneath the sons of men, black-faced with grime-but let us hope white-hearted-unless one came suddenly upon the straight track on the hillside and saw the little engine, almost noise loss, carrying its loads of coal down to the sea, on saw the cars laden with the glittering mineral winding down the cable path as if moved by some supernatural power. All is quiet on that hillside. lived outside the mouth of the mine there is calm, save when the men and boys are released from work at night, and when they go to work in the morning. It is almost impossible to believe that the little town could over be the scene of violent disaffection, of ugly strife, of disaster, and of possible crime. There stand three little churches such as one might find in a village in an older i fond ; there march the Salvation Army, there moves the slow and prayerful pastor leading his flock after his fashion, there children play about the doors of pine-clad houses, there wanders the stolid rustic between his farm and his little mart, and shall we be told of this place that labour storms have struck it, that turmoil has upset it, that distemper has attacked it, that suspicion and malice have battled for a place in every heart, and struck at the wholesomeness and dignity and manliness of toil ? Better that we forgot all the better that we do not remember upbraiding and assailings or any evil things that were, better perhaps not go and look at the graveyard wrote to the poor victims of the terrible accident that mode so many homes empty, that filled in town with widows and orphans. And yet one is impelled to go if but only to see the granite monument set up to deal, with sad precision," of how men take their lives in their hands who go down into the earth in mines. There are some whose names are not complete upon the shaft. They had no friends near at hand to identify them, they were put in nameless graves to be recognised never more by anyone that held the door. Perhaps there was no one that cared whether they lived or died Perhaps. It sometimes happens so. It sometimes chances that there are those who in this world are altogether friendless, altogether alone. And BO in life perhaps not cared for, not known save as a part of humanity, in death they are not recognised from the mother earth. But there they lie, the known and the unknown, in one red burial beat," poor silent mortals upon whom no sun shall shine, whom no call of duty, no click of pick or sound of hammer shall ever stir again, ? How many of the best souls the world ever knew have gone down suddenly into the unfathomable shadow by some mean inglorious death, the stumble of a horse, the prick of an agonising poisoned needle, the fall of a house, or the collision of railway trains-they who would have sought death at the cannon's mouth or among a rain of rifle bullet. In one summer, not so long ago, three men I know the bravest among five thousand who had fought for their countrymen who had stood unflinching among wounded comrades shoulder to shoulder protecting them against a horde of half-breeds and Indians, were in the hall that followed that force season's fighting, cut off by miserable accident, and died alone unwatched save by the stars that glim- mered and the Eternal eye. They had courted danger, young, buoyant, eager, ambitious, and in the very expectation of large honours they were sent to their account. It may be that among those humble workmen that dug like moles in the earth there were brave stalwart hearts that would have faced on sea or land danger, and have died with smiles upon their lips, and in a triumphant peace. It may be. But a lone monument, with letters of gold upon it, and a line of graves, and a nameless mound, are all that tell of earthy workers cut off in the midst of their labour because-oeccittse some one read MunoTercaT. . To see Bulli at its best one must climb the mountain which looks something like Broken Hill and something like Mount Wellington at Hobart, not so jagged and volcanic-looking as the former, not so majestic as the latter. But who could mistake that peculiar outcrop who had over been in a, mineral country ? One might take one's life on looking at it, though it stood in solitude man's _ foot had never before invaded, that there was mineral beneath it. And just here I am reminded that when travelling in the West a few months ago I saw a line of jagged hills like those I have mentioned, which was called Copper Mine Mountain. I ventured to Blinkest to my then companion that there was mineral there. He said, " I with others thought there was once, and we did got some copper, but the thing proved a failure." I can't help but think that there is good stuff and fortune for someone yet in that Hill. The day we went up the Pass was one of the most beautiful have over seen clear, and not too Lot The sky above was a soft fathomless blue, the sea below, was calm save where the long: white rollers came white-breasted down upon the opal shore. The world was still. Slowly the sturdy horses drew us up- up through a very wilderness of beauty. On either side were the flame tree, the acacia, the magnolia, the tamarind (the only tamarinds I have seen in Australia), the bunya bunya, the redgum, tree bluegum, the musk, and the mimosa. Now rose up before us a cool high wall down which vines fell in graceful luxuriance, now in a sharp incline great vines interwove and made a thick curtain for the trees, and blowing through it all was the sweetest perfume that I know-that of moist woods, and flowers, and green grasses. Sometimes we passed a rosy checked lass on her way to town rosy as an apple from a Surrey orchard-sometimes a party engaged on just such an errand as our own. And all that broke the stillness was the twitter of birds, our own voices, the heavy tread of the horses, or the gutteral encouragement of the driver as he urged them up the hill. And when at last, after having turned to view a score of times the lovely view beneath, we came to the "Look- out," and the whole scene burst upon us, we -let us own it-were as children once again at least, I was, and I am not sure but that the slightly elderly gentleman of the party felt a little boyish too, for there is a good deal of a boy's freshness in him yet. despite the fact that one can scarcely count the grey hairs that he carries. The " Look-out " is a platform built out from the cliff, resting on one long straight polo, which has for its base a jutting rock beneath. There was a board put up which said that the platform was dangerous, and so the slightly elderly gentleman declared that none should venture on it. But slightly elderly gentlemen must smoke and talk, and their attention may be diverted, so it happened that we got the benefit of the look- out after all. Far off to the right lay Wol ongong and Lake Illawarra, and between a wonder of rich green. Straight out from them upon the sea were the Five Islands, and the long line of curling white that marked the shore, Beneath us one rich mass of trees, with great shadowy fissures between, wherein one would like to drop and be lost in the cool silence of them, if that were possible. Beyond wore gardens and orchards, slightly to the right was the village of Bulli, slightly to the left Robinsville, two jetties ran out into the surf, and out upon the sea three white specks seemed motionless. Let us leave that scone just here, amid the soft laughter and curling clouds of good gold leaf, and see another side of this mining village. There are four conditions under which people should be seen to understand them properly-at work, at play, in their homes, and at their religious exercises. I had the opportunity of seeing the Bulli folk under only two of these conditions-at work and at their devotions. So far as the homes are concerned, from the outside they seemed free from squalor, or poverty, or evil-living ยก and this idea was strengthened by the fact that one saw no crowds about the public-houses on the Saturday night, no noisy revellers. They may have been there for all that, for I did not see the interior of the pubs, but domestic Bulli from the outside is not out of harmony with the charms of nature in which it is set. Let professional labour demagogues rail as they will, and raise the cry of " wolf " where the capitalist is concerned ; when one contrasts the minor's lot here with what it is in other lands, there seems no legitimate occupation for the agitator. It is because a chafing discontent is taught that the labourer thinks he is more worthy than his hire would represent him to be. Good-natured and sleepy the people were whom I saw, so much so that one could scarcely credit tales that were told of cruelties to *' blacklegs " that would make the strong man shudder to hear; tales told of women that made them, appear to be hard, cruel, ( and remorseless in their selfishness and greed, One could not choose but for very decency's sake Bay, "These things could not be. I saw the miner under the crust of the earth in the mountain Side, begrimed And taciturn; and it seemed hard to think of him save as a man content with his day's toil and the wages thereof. We had a good guide in the tunnel that led to the work- in! a big, manly, fresh-faced, blue-eyed ( follow he was, full of latent force, replete with information, and obliging to a fault. He led the way with his burning wick, answering with genuine interest the questions put to him by feminine inquisitiveness, and taking us on and on, through gloom and grime, to the great furnace which made the current of air without which the miners could not live. On the way back we heard a rushing sound in the dark, and, standing side of the command of our guide, there rolled swift and ghost-like by cars loaded with the coal dug from the mountain in which we were. It was a weird sight that black mass like a hurricane rush- ing by. Along the path by which we Bought the light the poor fellows had been brought who lost their lives in March last. I have seen 300 lifted out of the earth as they were," said our guide. He is the sort of man one would expect to be alert, clear-headed, and composed in time of danger. He is the type of the honest man fitted to lead, having a good heart, a strong judgment, and a sense of honest power about him. The night before this we had seen the people in the little Methodist Church built a quarter of a century ago, and there was one with us who had been present at the laying of its corner-stone. And he in the district of Bulli tho Beautiful had had another experience which was more exciting than laying a corner- stone. He had been stuck-up and robbed, together with his coach comrades, by bushrangers, They took his money, but they left his watch, because well, because they thought he looked good enough to be a _ parson. Thus is virtue rewarded. But here within the little church we came. The same sentences that had been noticeable in all we met was intensified in the congregation. One was impious enough to attribute I it to the solemn dulness of the service, to the phlegm of the young person who preaches a sermon about the covenant of the Christian with his Maker. I know not what it was, but, perhaps soothed by the sound of the wordy monotone, I slept, and only walked in time to avoid missing the collection plate as it passed me. And so it turned out that I BOW nothing peculiar about a mining population at its prayers, except that it was less demonstrative than any Quaker's' meeting I over BLIX. Serious and sad they scorned and scarce an interjection rose at any prayer. There was nothing characteristic about the premier or the people. We left while they droned some familiar old hymn in particular matter. Outside the crescent moon was climbing up the sky, and the evening star, ripe and glowing, was keeping it company the sea sang its dim song 'neath the stars, and we sat on the hillside and wondered what changes the tide of years would make in Bulli the Beautiful. 