Ghostly Apparitions at Roma. A Haunted House. Do you believe in ghosts ? The careless will laugh out a negative; the mystical will fall back upon their unexplainable weird experiences as a covert for silence; the thoughtful will hesitate to say that they disbelieve in ghosts, or that anything is im possible because it is not dreamt of in their philos ophy. We are all more or less superstitious. We have our lucky days, our lucky dreams, our omens, our portents, our premonitions, our warnings, and our inspirations. Byron believed in the mystic signals to the soul, but, perhaps, superstition is a natural attribute of a poet. Byron excused his weakness— if it was a weakness—by citing illustrious instances of similar believers; as that Scott believed in second sight; Rousseau tried whether he would be damned or not by aiming at a tree with a stone; Goethe trusted to the chance of a knife's striking the water whether he was to succeed in some under taking; Swift placed the success of his life on the drawing a trout he had hooked out of the water; Socrates' demon was no fiction; Monk Lewis had his monitor, and Bonaparte many warnings. All such superstitions are natural to the weakness of humanity, and to the finite limitations of human reason; but, tell me do you believe in ghosts ? Or are you prepared to boldly dispute the possibility of their existence ? Moses and Elias reappeared on the Mount of Transfiguration, and how are we to interpret the avowal— liberal as its meaning may be—in the Apostles' Creed, " I believe . . . . . in the com munion of saints ?" For one must be a ghost to be a saint, I fancy. The immortal Shakespeare had much to tell us about ghosts, and makes his ghosts lovable and instruments of good, instead of perpetrators of evil, though he does warn us in Hamlet not to follow a ghost that might "tempt us toward the flood, or to the dreadful summit of the cliff that beetles o'er his base into the sea." The divine William lets us into a main secret of ghost habits, how they vanish at dawn, when they "scent the morning air;" or, more definitely still, how they regard "the cock, that is the trumpet of the morn," when that noisy fowl doth " awake the god of day;" for, if we are to believe Shakespeare, no ghost can stand the noise of cockcrow, but, at its warning, "whether in sea or fire, in earth or air,the extravagant and erring spirit hies to his confine." Yet, Shakespeare himself professed not to believe in ghosts, if we are to heed his statement in the "Winter's Tale"—" Come, poor babe, I have heard but not believed, the spirits of the dead may walk again but, immediately afterwards, comes the ad mission—"If such things be, thy mother appeared to me last night." Addison treated the ghost theory with badinage when he said—"A spirit is such a little thing that I have heard a man, who was a great scholar, say, that he'll dance a Lancashire hornpipe upon the point of a needle "—from which is probably derived the irreverent problem as to the number of angels who could do the same. Earnest H. Brooke, in his " The Fool of Quality" deals seriously with ghosts and boldly denies them room in human surroundings, arguing , thus—" I never could think it for the interest of religion that the providence of God should be elbowed, as it were, quite out of the world by a system of demonism. On the other hand, I take the devil to be a personage of much more prudence than to frighten his favorites from him, by assuming such horrid and disgustful appearances." Modern psychologists lay down laws by which they assert they define this " spiritual and material blend," and though they do not affirm the existence of the classical and poetical myths known as gnomes, sylphs, elves, pixies, spooks, &c; it is not the business of their creed to deny their existence. Then the theosophists—the occultists—speak to us of astral bodies and fragmentary souls not yet human, and seek to account for occult phenomena by esoteric forces and laws which need no ghost agency, but are referable to certain mysterious " Himalayan Brothers," located goodness-knows-where in Thibet, or elsewhere. Pro fessor Friedrich Zollner, the author of Transcendental Physics tried to account for spiritual phenomena by the hypothesis of a "fourth dimension in space." And so the baffled enquirer gets a hard tossing of it from theory to theory, unless (so say the Spiritu alists) you admit Spiritualism, which amply accounts for all otherwise inexplicable phenomena. After all, it is a personal question for each-"Do you believe in ghosts ? Do you believe that dead individualities can materialise and become visible to human eyes ?" Mine is not now the task to lay down the founda- tions of a faith, or the lines of a creed ; it is not now the task to confess my own belief in anything or nothing; it is simply to narrate facts that can be attested by living witnesses at present easily get atable. The Haunted House at Roma. I am not going to curdle your blood or harrow your feelings. I certainly have to tell about an apparition—the apparition of a woman—but she has proved herself a gentle spectre, and has as yet done no worse harm than to pull the blankets off a sleeping man. The facts of this narrative have been brought under the notice of His Honor Judge Paul, who in tends to obtain the sworn affidavit of each witness, and to publish the evidence thus obtained, with his own conclusions respecting it, in some scientific journal of good repute. For the purposes of Figaro, I do not place the witnesses on oath, neither do I take down their ipsissima verba, but conveniently run it into narrative form ; nevertheless, every state ment placed here is so placed on the utterances of the persons to whom the experiences actually oc curred. I imagine, then, a very ordinary 4-roomed house, with adjuncts, near the hospital, Roma, owned by Mr. Bradheau, and who lived in it himself for about six months, some 14 years ago. There was a front sitting-room, and a front bedroom (hereafter called Bed-room No. 1) ; two back bedrooms (No. 2, just behind No. 1; and No. 3 behind the sitting-room); a hall between the two back bedrooms; a pantry attached to Bed-room No. 3 ; and a kitchen detached from the whole building. There were two tanks at the side of the house, outside the sitting-room. Such was Mr. Bradheau's house, in which he lived for some 6 months, and which he became anxious to let some 14 years ago. The house was a wooden one. Mr. Bradheau succeeded in finding a tenant in a Mr. White, who lived alone in this house for about a month, after which he was joined by his wife and family. The first night of Mr. White's lonely occupancy he slept in Bedroom No. 1. Be fore going to bed, he was engaged in that apartment reading. About 12 o'clock midnight, he saw through the open door of bedroom No. 1, beyond which door there was no light, a woman standing. She was dressed in dark clothes, and her black hair was done up in loops. She was leaning forward and looking straight at Mr. White. He started and she vanished immediately. On the second night, Mr. White saw the same woman in the same place and posture but earlier in the night, it being about 11 o'clock. A few moments previous to seeing her, he had looked in the direc tion she chose for her manifestation, but had seen nothing. She vanished directly he looked at her. Mr. White several times saw the same apparition in the same place and in the same posture, during the month in which he resided alone at the house. There was always sufficient light to have seen a real person had a real person been standing where the apparition was. The figure of the woman stood out in and seemed to fill space and displace air, as if it were the figure of a physical body. After a month of Mr. White's residence there, he was joined by his wife and six children, and a servant girl. These arrived at the house in the daytime. Mr. White said nothing to them or to anyone about the spectral appearances. That very evening he went into Roma, and did not return home until between 10 o'clock and 11 o'clock p.m. No sooner had he entered the house and sat down than Mrs. White, asked—" Have you seen anything since you have been here ? " He replied, "Why, what have you seen ?" "I saw the figure of a woman while I was sitting in the sitting-room," she said. Asked what the figure was like, Mrs. White gave a description of the apparition which her husband had several times seen. Mr. White did not himself see it on that night. Nothing strange was seen or heard in the house until about a fortnight afterwards. Then, one night, between 10 o'clock and 11 o'clock, as Mr. and Mrs. White were sitting in the sitting-room, the children being in bed, they heard a noise outside the house, as if water were running from the taps of the tanks. Mr. White, thinking the tank-taps had somehow got turned on went outside and examined them, but found nothing the matter. This phenomenon of the noise of "escaping water" from the tanks was after wards heard many times by Mr. White during his tenancy of the house, which covered a period of two years; and it was also heard by many other persons who at such times were always in the sitting-room. No water ever actually escaped from the taps on these occasions. There were several other mysterious noises in the house at times. Locked doors, though they never moved, would be beard as if swinging open and banging to. Sometimes would be heard noises on the roof as of the scrambling of birds ; or the sounds made by parrots and cockatoos. Mr. White often rushed out to look at the roof, but could never see anything there. Mr. White frequently heard the noise as of a chain being dragged underneath the house, which was built on blocks. He also saw the apparition many times, but always from the bedroom and in the position described as that of its first appearance. Mrs. White also saw the spectre several times; but the husband and wife never saw it at one and the same time. Perhaps that is because they never happened to be looking at the exact favorite spot at the same time. The servant girl also stated that she saw the ghost, but Mr. White is not certain where the girl said she saw it. The girl, however, had to be per mitted to sleep away from the house, as she refused to sleep there any more. One night, in Mr. White's absence, a Mrs. Rohan, who visited Mrs. White, saw the ghost. On another evening, when Mr. White was absent, a Mr. Hewitt, a dentist, was using the sitting-room. When Mr. White returned, Mr. Hewitt said — "You've got some funny companions in the house," and told Mr. White he had seen an apparition, describing the woman whose figure was becoming familiar by that time. Mr. White acknowledged to Mr. Hewitt that he had seen the woman so described several times. The Smith family—squatters living at Stuart's Creek, near Roma—also saw the spirit. They had not been told of the previous appearances. Mrs. Eliza Smith was with Mrs. White when she saw and described the apparition accurately enough for identi ficition. On the same night, Alfred Smith was walking home with Mr. White, when a startling experience befell both men. When about 40 yards or 50 yards from the house, both men suddenly found themselves apparently enveloped in smoke and fire which spread upwards from the ground just under and in front of their feet. There was no smell, no sound, no heat, and the apparent flames and smoke disappeared as suddenly as they had appeared. In reply to Judge Paul, Mr. White declares that there was no "diffused light" in connection with this phenomenon. Mr. White mentioned the occurrence directly he and Mr. Alfred Smith got into the house. Mr. Alfred Smith recollects the incident clearly. Hawtrey White, son of Mr. White, and then about 8 years or 9 years old, saw the form of the woman in the usual place and posture, but he was himself in the sitting-room. He had not heard of the appear ances before. None of Mr. White's children were told by the parents of the mysterious sights ; yet they all saw the apparition. Once, one of the children saw the form of a woman in Bedroom No. l, and rushed out of the room in alarm. Not a green thing, not a blade of grass would grow within a radius of 30 or 40 yards of the house, although the soil appeared to be perfectly good. Mr. White left the house about the year 1877, and was succeeded in its tenancy by Mrs. Cartwright, to whom the house was let by Mr. Graynor, an employee in the Government service. Some time after, Mr. White had vacated the house, Mr. Graynor asked him if he had ever heard any strange noises in it. " Why ? " asked White. "Mrs. Cartwright says it is haunted," exclaimed Gaynor, " and will not live in it." "What did she hear?" enquired White. "Her husband and herself went to bed, after having locked up the house," pursued Mr. Graynor, "and were wakened out of their sleep by hearing doors slammed. Mr. Cartwright got up but found all the doors locked." After this, the house very naturally acquired an evil reputation, and bore the name of being haunted. Mr. White left Roma several years ago, and heard nothing more about the house until a couple of months ago — April, 1889. Haunting the Site. In April last, Hawtrey White, the son, was in Roma. Curiosity prompted him to go out to the old spot in order to view his past home. He found that the house had been pulled down, but some fencing served to indicate its former site. Hawtrey White came across a young man there, with a swag, and the two talked as meeting bushmen will. Then the young man told young White a strange story. The Swagman's Tale. " I have been sleeping in a tent pitched on the site of this house you say you lived in, but I wouldn't sleep there again for £5 a night. The very first night, I suddenly woke up, shivering with cold. My blankets were off me, and I pulled them over me again. Nothing further happened that night. On the second night, I was again awakened with the cold feeling, and found the blankets were once more off me. I pulled the blankets on to the bunk again, and fastened them with wire to the bunk to keep them secure. I was just dozing off again, when I felt the blankets being gently moved. I opened my eyes and saw the figure of a woman standing at the foot of my bed and holding the bed clothes. There was no light in the tent, but the fire at its entrance was glowing, and by its light I could see the woman distinctly. She was an elderly looking, old-fashioned-looking woman. Her hair was done over her ears. I was frightened and put my hands to my eyes. As I did so the woman disap peared. " Before going to my tent on the third night, I told my two nights' previous experiences to a friend in Roma, and this friend agreed to come and stay in the tent with me during the night. The arrangement was that my friend was to sit in a corner of the tent and watch. Both of us tried to keep awake. I fell asleep, however, and was again awakened by a feeling of cold, and found the blankets once more off the bed. My friend was fast asleep, and I awoke him, showing him the blankets off the bed. My friend told me to go to sleep again and he would watch. I did so. Later on, I was awakened by my friend and the blankets were again off. My friend told me that, as I lay asleep, he saw a woman come to my bed and pull off the clothes. He was so frightened that he could not speak, but watched the woman closely. As soon as the clothes were off, she vanished. Then he was able to awake me." Another witness to whom I am referred as being likely to give evidence regarding this female ghost is Mrs. Hogan. Summary. Such is the tale told of apparitions seen near Roma by several witnesses now living. What do you think of it ? A spiritualist would probably say that here is an unquiet, disembodied spirit trying very hard to run across a good medium, in order to communicate some important intelligence to the material world. A romancist would weave a tragedy possibly around this female wraith, who, however, does not seem to have any more serious earthly materialisation to do than to remove the bedclothes from the sleeping form of a young swagman. Cer tainly there are the mysterious noises from the tanks and on the roof to work on, but the tragedy would lack horrors unless, indeed, an artist hand worked up the fire and smoke phenomenon, and gave some demoniacal reason for the refusal of vegetation to grow on the " blasted heath " around the dwelling. Seriously speaking—The witnesses are of good re pute and truthful. The appearances actually shaped themselves to the visions of many witnesses. The noises were undoubtedly heard by several distinct parties. What theory is sufficient to satisfactorily account for all these phenomena ? -♦ . ■ Cigar Pasha is one of the greatest generals in El Mahdi's army. He is so fond, "too, of the fragrant weed, that he is commonly called Mustapha {must have a) Club House Cigar. 