;?;,?? :;.-3?6iiife7..-.V- ^ ' .; !Pn6iJi)B wants ? to uso: Wostern Australia 'for tho redun3onoy ol our own crowded population.' ...... . .,..:,'.. ' j ? This in anawor to tho debates on the question in tho New South Wales legislature, -whioh Bir'Enery sent to several influential person BKCB. ' . Tnka accounts for tho milk in tho coooanut, and explains the Teas n of suoh unanimity regarding the matter at home. ,' . If ihe debates on this subject were anywhere ?up, or rather down, to the standard of the average New South Wales debate, the only -vender in that Froudp did not express similar views with regard to New South Walea. Ouu bocs meteorologist has lately been giving na something beyond mere meteorological infor mation, ho having apparently gone in for one of the branches of vital etatiatieB. - Ok ivhat he bases this information is hard to tell, but most authoritatively :he tells ua that there are at present very few women in the ?Central distriot. '???'? ?Hb gives this informition in the following teitns : I(- The low nrenRinn tomrna vet obtains ?ovtr central regions ' . Accokeinq to latest accounts, tho Bnnya 'blaokfollow has probably turned up at Kan garoo Point. ?It is . a 'great pity the celebrated Bellonilen Ker eaplorer was not on the spot to give chase to the intruder. The race 'between the block, clad -in Nature's garb, and the ''cplebrated one' in close-fitting ?merino drawers, skin-tight .merino shirt, and light sandshoes would have been a sight worth seeing. The novelty of the sight would have been greatly increased by the .presence of the Tranter revolver, the scrub knife, and a few ' leeches. ?IiTHB,.'H.P. of New.South Wales, Bays that ?Parkes'a federation is-beginning at the wrong ?end. ' : No, it ia not ; for if it-began at the other end ? something might . come of it, ?and, Parkea does not ezaotly want that. The old man is the master of ghosts. Pro. feesor Pepper is nowhere with 'him. Every now and again he; brings onfc a new .ghost; then he lays that ghost and brings up another. The weather bureau forecasts unsettled -weather. 'Dr. Points pays the weather is and will be quite- settled — steady rain. The? locked- .up'-some .jurors yesterday, and then they could not agree. Perhaps if they ?could have had Bomo Imperial Elixir, things .might have eventuated. .London dook owners are passing it on. 'They have to pay more wages ; they ara look ing about to sea where they may recoup, so they make tho lightermen pay, who did not , pay before. Birr the lightermen will pass it on. It. cannot stay with them, for they, too, are ?middlemen, and every middleman can pasa it on. SrEAKJHG at Annidale the other day, Mr. J. P. Abbott said that farming and other lands ?were more valuable and Balable in Victoria than in New South Wales, owing to Victoria ?having a monopoly of the Viotorian and the free use of the NewSiuth Walea markets. That £1,000 will not come to the Broken 'Hill strikers after all. How many more times ?may it yet be voted for a few (lava? An ! -Kate Pious punished for using obscene language ! How ia this ? Empeeob KwAnsu, only eighteen yoar°old, 'is (aid to have -a will of his own. Probably ho bad more when he was eighteen months old. A man has just been found in a barrel branded- 'traitor.' .Justeo. Put away a man .and cover the deed with a word that brunda.your victim with infamy. . , Eecently a father and hia-son became united in the holy estate'with two sisters. The working out of therelationBhip between them and their -offspring would be highly ?interesting. A.VBBY.gooa. instance ox how a man may be come his own brother and undo to his son'a 'Children, besides .numerous other complicated relationships would then- be found. The Sultan of vSIoronoo -.evidently believes in thepolioy of agreeing with his-adveraary quiokly ' ?whilst he is in the way with him. The Italian Government threatened to bom bard the principal town in his dominions unless ihe made reparation for arobbeiy committed at ?the residence of the Italian envoy. Sooheb than see briokB and mortar fly around ipromiecuously, as they would do if the town were basted with shot and shell, he has under- . ?taken to atone for the insult to Italy. Tub London Strike Committee, in the pleni itude of their gratitude, to-day sendeth £1,000 to the Broken Hill Btiikora. And to-morrow ' they conBidereth the matter ;again, asd deoide to keep, the -money, beoause London hath need of it.' Noble of them ! 