BY THE DOWIE DSKS 0' TARBOW. TnK sunshine of late autumn f&Us; warmly in the inn doorway here and on the road in front; and the sky, despite the ominous darkness of last night, is all but clear of cloud. No sound of rude traffic breaks Upon the pastoral stillness of the spot Only the river below, murmuring over ite pebbles, seems recounting to itself the old-world memories of the banks between which it runs. Though it is not yet nine o'clock, yonder blithe lass in shepherd-tartan plaid, and with a, basket on her arm, singing to herself aS she comes op the road, has been down to Yarrow Feus already. She turns across the bridge twenty yards off, says' the landlady, to Hogg's Farm of Altrive Lake. It lies only a few miles off, and the same road leads -m through the hills to the ruined keep -of Tushielaw on the Ettrick — a -pleasant forenoon's ramble. It would surely be a mistake to pass through the most storied valley of the North without making a. pilgrimage to the borne of its sweet singer. A word, tlien, to ' mine hostess,' as to fare later on, a moment to pocket some temporary provender, and then away ? after yon gentle pioneer. Hogg had dedicated his ' Queen'B Wake' to the Duchess of Buccleuch, ?and she on her deathbed besought her husband to ' remember her poor poet.' The Duke accordingly bestowed the little farm of Altrive Lake upon Hogg ior life, without rent or fee ; and, grateful to bis patron, the Ettrick Shepherd came to live on the spot in 1815\. Here, in 1819, he brought his lady wife, to make it ' the dearest spot on earth to him; ' here he reared the ?' flowers of the forest,' as he called his children ; and here, in 1835, he died, three years after Sir Walter Scott. A thousand times, one cannot help a-emembering must the kind-eyed poet U««ve strolled down this road, carrying in his heart, as Christopher North averred, the dream of Kilmeny, or, as is perhaps more likely, with the smile wreathing his lip at some remembered word of wife or child. Certain it is Aita.t upon many a morning he gathered inspiration from these quiet hills. A thousand times he has betaken himself, rod in hand, and in the company of some chosen guest, to angle in the rushing Yarrow ; and as often has be ;returued at night with heavy basket, -to instal his tired friend by the genial hearth at Altrive. For Hogg, with the narrow estate of a yoeman, had the All day might be spent lingering here amid the scenes of Old Border memories — the ruined keep of Tushie _law on Ettrick bank, where, on a summer day in 1529, James V, executed swift, sharp justice by hang ing the reiver Adam Scott over his own gate ; Ettrick Kirk, where Thomas Boston spent the years of his ?ministry, writing the once famous ' Fourfold State,' ' The Crook in the ?jot,' and other books, and where, far from the haunts of busy men, he raised himself to be one of the greatest scholars and theologians of his day ; and Ettrick Kirkyard, where, close by the vault of the Scotts of Thirlstane, lie the remains of James Hogg and of his quondam hostess, Tibbie Shiels. But the countryside by Yarrow Water remains to be travelled yet, and alraedy 'the hours are wearing on. Below the -lordon Inn on Yarrow side stands the monument of one of the Ettrick Shepherd's many mis fortunes — Mount Benger farm. In the famous ' Noctes' he is made to speak with high hope of his new ad venture here ; but the leasing of the place tied a millstone round his neck which dragged upon him till his last day. Hogg, it is to be feared, was, like his master Burns, no great farmer. Tinder the windows of the house the river runs, growing in volume to the ?village of Yarrow itself ; and here, in the heart of Border song-land, lies the .-scene of the fatal combat so far renowned in minstrelsy. Hamilton of Bangour wove the story into his beautiful and tender lines ** Pa'iog the birks on the braes of Yarrow,' and Allan Ramsay into ihic veil-known '' Busk ye, busk ye, any bonnie, bonnie bride ;' but it is the mame of the ancient ballad attached to the spot which is best known, and winch will ever remain in the heart of fch« North ft synonym for sorrow. Here it was that— Late at evening, drinking the wine, ?On the dowie denB orYarrow. They set a combat &es;» between To fight it on the morrow. Annan's Treat (or more probably Annan-street), to the west of Yarrow Kirk, is the spot pointed out bj tradi tion as the scene of the fight. Here, as far as the details and the aawes of the combatants can be made out, Walter Scott, third sen of Robert of Thirlstane, was waylaid and sUun by Jiis brcrf Uer-in-law, John fieott, of Tusliielnw. Ji appeal* tbat they were to have met alone; but the young bridegroom, on riding up the 6trath, iauod himsali confronted by nine enemies. Despite such odds, however, he seems to have made a gallant stand : — Four has he hurt and five has elain. On the bloody braes o' Yarrow ; Till a coward knight came him behind And ran his body thorough. Tradition has it that the feud had been caused by the lady's father allotting her a dowry larger than her grasping brother could approve. The ballad, on the other hand, makes the irate brother allege, as his pretext for quarrel, that some slight had been offered to bis sister. The lady's grief over her fallen lover, however, makes the former the more probable source of enmity. She kissed his cheek, she kaimed his hair, She searched his wounds all thorough ; She kissed them till her lips grew red, On the dowie dens o' Yarrow. Such is the pitiful story of the place _ — J-aU V»4 4-aan *4*4-*r\rt and erinrr__i~.tiA JUS |AJ1U vj tl auiviuu c»uu uvug ? vmv story to which, most of all, perhaps, the quiet little valley owes its fame. Memories of many centuries, how ever, gather thickly in the little valley. At all times the Borderland has felt the etirring of the nation's tides, and the legends of Yarrow form a fair index to the history of the country at large. Thus, beside the relics of medieval and prehistoric times, the history of the Covenanting struggle might be read by the light of its associations here. The manse of Yarrow Kirk, at hand, was the dwell ing of John Brenner, the Mess John of a w«ll-known ballad. One of the curates thrust upon the people by the prelatic acts of Charles II., he is famous as having played the unworthy part of spy upon his flock. By means of a certain 'strange guant woman' he was wont to furnish the Govern ment with tidings of conventicles about to be held among the hills, and in this way betrayed the lives of many of the people among whom he was placed, until at last they shot him through his own parlour window. Point after point as the valley descends strikes a chord of old-world interest. After passing, perched among the trees on the river's opposite bank, the village of Yarrowford, with its lights twinkling through the dusk, its nlfiasant sound of voices, and the tinkle of the village smithy, the road plunges into the darkness under the heavy woods of Hangingshaw. Here, where the air is rich already with the night-scents, stands the ruined strong hold of the Outlaw Murray, prince of the Ishmaelites of the Border, whose famous 'sang,' or ballad, Scot*; says, has been popular for ages in Selkirk shire. Swift and dark, and with deep, cool gurgle, the river runs here below its bridge. A lonely and errie spot it is at such an hour in the heart of the dark, still woods — the haunt, it well might be, of the ghosts of old marauders, booted and spurred. Yonder carriage lights, coming down under the trees in the blackness, might easily be the bright, flaming eyes of some devouring dragon, so weird are the place's memories. Somewhere on the south bank below rises 'the shattered front of Newark's towers,' reminiscent of James II. and of ' the bold Buccleuch,' and its courtyard stained with the blood of the Royalist prisoners slain there by the Covenanters after Philiphaugh. Though the shrub springs now upon its broken wall, to the fancv the dace is peopled yet, by the wizard touch of Scott, with dame and squire and knight intent upon that heroic ' Lay' chanted by the last of the minstrels. And the wanderer to day about the spot may come upon a little mount, fir-clad, that seems wait ing for its story. Said to have been part of the ancient garden of the castle, tradition runs that there the Outlaw Murray was slain by one of the Scotts. Carterhaugh, the woody tongue of land below, where Yarrow and Ettrick ' rush into each other's arms,' is the spot where Tamlane, according to the ballad which bears his name, was freed from enchantment by the ' fair Janet.' Here, they say She has kilted her green kirtle A little abune her knee ; And she has braided her yellow bair A little abune her bree. And here, on Hallowe'en, she sets the pails of water and milk with which to break the spell cast about ber lover by the fairy queen. That, it is said, was the last appearance of the fairy-folk to mortal eyes, though on the grass are still pointed out the rings traced by their starlight revels. Born amid such romantic and weird surroundings at the quiet farm-boase of Foulsbields, close by, it is small marvel that Mungo Park was attracted to the adventurous life of an African explorer. One more point of interest remains — the wood-hung battlefield of Philip haugh, now the park about the seat of the Outlaw Murray's deseendant. Here, by Lesley's surprise and defeat of Montrose, in 1645, the cause of the First Charles was lost in Scotland. By some strange oversight Montrose had left bis infantry encamped on the field, while he himself with the cavalry quartered in Selkirk, a mile away. Lesley, coming up at dawn from Melrose, seized the opportunity, and cut the Royalist foot to pieces before the horse could come to their assist ance ; and dire and effectual was the work done here by the Covenanting broadswords on that misty September morning ! Presently, the lights of Selkirk appear, begemming, like fireflies, the darkness of the opposite hillside ; and there, after the long day's ramble among the storied scenes of this quet Border Valley, will be found rest and refreshment amid the comforts of ' mine inn.' — English Paper. Bivafcs *x$ the wings to the soul, their faithful thoughts, their high and noble aspirations, their retreating meditations, are wings to bear us upward— onward. — Faxtun Hood. 