SAMOAN SKETCHES. BY "THE VAGABOND, "J DE MORTU1S. APIA, 25tii August. German wounded honor requires a plaster in the payment of a "small snm," although English honor, outraged in tho insults to Britain's Consul and to British citizens hero, re- ceives no rcuress. nut tor very shame can tho German authorities claim it after tho conduot of Mataafa in the day of battlo and the timo of storm and shipwreck? But for his humanity not a man of the German attackingparty would havo got back alivo to tho boats. Everyone could have been picked off and slain. But when tho Gorman force was so cosily repulsed Mataafa ordered the pursuit to cease. When la tho savago joy of tho moment some of his followers out off a German sailor's head, according to the old custom of Samoan warfare, they were re proved by the king.a "Wo are not savages," Baid Mataafa, "wo will not make war like this." In battle and in victory ho showed himself hu mane. I tnko Mataafa to be as good a Boman Catholio Christian as there is going. But it is his nature as much as the environment and teaoliing of the Marist Brothers. Bpoaking about the burricanco once in my presence, tho king remarked : "It was tho duty of every Samoan to save lifo during the storm. Did not Jesus once como into tho world to save us all and should wo not try to follow in his footi steps ?" This was without tho slightest Btrain of "cant," It was a simple confession of faith and duty. Ho carried it into practice during tho into hurricane in March last, when ho di rected hie followers to save the lives of the men with whom ho was still at war. Assistanco was rondcred to German nnd American, to friend and to foe, impartially. The United States has acknowledged its obligations; tho German Government would still extort "a small sum" to salvo their honor, nnd havo not thanked, nor it appears do thoy intend to thank, tho Samoans or Mataafa for thoir work in saving lifo during tliat terriblo day and night of storm, whou tho heavens interfered between tho combatants, and tho prido of man, and tho strength of his work was as naught beforo tho might of tho tem pest I have met many mean men, I havo heard of many mean notions, but I cannot imagino any meaner moh guilty of meaner actions than tho German officers and officials in their donial that they wero aided by tho Samoans on the day of tho wrecks. Yet thoy state that horo, and havo circulated the samo report in Sydney. It ap- pears to havo been an organised plan. Tho world must not know that tho natives whom tho gallant Teutons had oppressed and whoso king thoy had kidnapped had re turned good for ovii by saving German lives. Tho world would cry shame upon Ger many for not acknowledging tho generosity of Its opponents I Tho world would my upon Germany for endeavoring to extort a "small sum" as a war indemnity. And so these " Brumraanem Boman. " denied their own dead. Nothing disgusts ono moro with tho brutality of German officialdom than tho fact that the bodies of tho drowned sailors of the Eber and the Adler were not claimed, but wore loft to ho buried by the natives, who brought tho corpses ashore. It became a saying amongst tho United States officers that " a dead German would not float." Away over on Mulinu there is a plot of land containing a dozen graves. Here, 'ncath the swaying cocoa palms, tho -waves idly lapping the shore a few yards off, the surf moaning on the distant reef, far away from their beloved Fatherland, sleep the German dead. It is a neat littlo graveyard, fenced round with barbed wire. "Wooden crosses at the head of each grave bear the names and ships of the officers who lie beneath. On soma there nro large wreaths of artificial flowers, adorned with heavy bullion tassels. Tho broad black ribbons arc embroi dered with the names of those who sent from Germany these last tokens of respect for their dead comrades. In many a students' Korps, at many a Kncipc, there has been mourning for these gallant gentlemen who have found the Fatherland of us all in Death. May they rest in peace ! But theso are all officers or petty officers. Where are the graves of tho men ? What is this cross in tho corner? "Four unknown sea men of the Vandalia." But the "Vandalia was ono of the American vessels. The United States honors its unknown dead. Germany finds graves for uono but it3 officers. When the Samoan natives rescued tho corpses from tho sharks, all the American sailors were identified and interred. But tiro German authorities hero would not own any of the other bodies as belonging to them. Such conduct at tho timo puzzled a great many, but now it is hold to bo part of tho plan of denial of tho nativo Samoans' action during tho hurricane. I have made very careful inquiry into this question, aud I cannot have any doubt that tho natives aided friend and foo alike. Tho German ship Eber was the first to strike. Matoafa's fol lowers on shore knew her well, yet they dragged drowning German sailors out of the surf and carried two of them into the United States Con sulate to be revived. This I can givo official proof of, in tho testimony of Consul Blacklock. Tho natives rescued the Ger mans when they knew their nationality. Afterwards, when the American vessels struck, living men and dead bodies were brought ashore without any question as to whether German or American. Indeed, in most cases it would havo been bard to decide. The Unitod States Government ho3 recognised tho noblo conduct of Mataafa and bis followers in this connection. Nothing can bo meaner than the action of Germany in refusing to also acknowledge this. No wondor that country is hated and despised by whito men and natives alike in Samoa 1 " God's Aero " at Apia is nt tho back of the European and native settlements. It is a shady walk thither under tall cocoa palms, through banana groves, and past brown thatched native houses whenco come friendly greeting of Talofa. In theso walks nround Apia I often meet the commander of the German war ship, tho Sophie. He, too, communes amongst the" tombs. AU tho other German naval officers wear their whito uni forms and their swords when ashore. But the captain isgcucrally in plain white andasolar topco like an ordinary citizen. Ho is a tall and handsome man with a flowing beard, and when in his full war paint !b deco- rated with crosses and medals whioh one may ho sure are well earned, for the warriors of Fatherland are not carpet knights, and distinc tions are not granted to them unless deserved. A very superior man is this captain of the Sophie, but in my present position here I cannot know Germans. If I had not a mission to support Australian interests in theso islands in support ing tho cause of tho nativo Samoa ns I could havo a very good time, indeed; with German friends- I havo very fow kinder and more friendly acquaintances than Herr Pelldram, the Consul-Geueral of tho German Empire for Australia, in Sydney. Wo know each other in Europe, and there is no stranger in Australia for whom I have a greater respect than tho ox-officer of Uhlans. As in former days he gave mo valuable intro ductions to Berlin, so 1 am sure that now ho would have mado my path pleasant amongst the Gorman officials and merchants of Samoa, and that, liko Mr. Bethur.e, of Balfour, I should have had most hospitable reception at their hands. But unfortunately for my own comfort I cannot run with tho hare and bunt with tho hounds. Through The Age I am fighting tho Germans in Samoa for Australia. But I shall certainly get no thanks from peoplo hero. I am abused both by the missionaries and tho beachcombers. There are not moro than throe men amongst tho Aus tralian residents in Samoa whom I havo to thank for any courtesies. So tho captain of tho Sophie and myself look at each other out of tho corners of our eyes as we pass. I acknowledge that he is a good man who knows moro than most English or Ameri can officers of his rank. Knowledge is power, and when I meet German officers on board English men of war, I am struck with tho superiority of the former, oven as tho superiority of tho present German Consul, Dr. Stuebel, over the English Consul, Colonel do Cootlogon, is very evident. Tho latter, however, is quite equal to any former representatives of Great Britain in Samoa. Ono of those, Mr. Unrdet, died hero, and his gravo is ono of tho most prominent in tho cemetery. This occnpiea about an acre of cleared groond, surrounded by palm groves. It is as quiet and peaceful a placo as ono need wish to rest in. "Very fow visit it. All sorts and conditions of men, from tho coqboI and tho missionary to the boaohcombor, root here. There are headstones bearing tho dates 1855 and 1860 on the graves .of the old European residents, showing how civilised Samoa was in tho old days. For tho proper disposition of tho dead I consider one of tho highest evidences of civilisation. There are some marble tombstones from Sydney, whioh ore handsome enough , for any Australian cemetery, and there which are merely outlined by em/HI with thoir necks driven into the e 'rib J labels have not even been washed offTi I ono can read tho trade marks of differ. i\S lager and of Bass's beer, of n.l various Scotch blends, and of jnK?l other gins. Touching and appropriated: I those to tho departed beachcomber J phrasing Tennyson, ono might say il These to his memory, for he held them ,i- I The empty bottles form tho fittest those who lived and died by drink r "I one grave in this Apia cemetery, a very oUTJ on which there is nothing but onebrowj gm bottle. It is embedded in tho turf® boon washed by tho dews and rain., J 'ri seasons, spiders havo spun their webs th »i it is the moot ancient piece of glass in ZI This solitary broken bottle is as symbolic J classical broken shaft in our own ccmetnk 1 reminds mo of our old army toast— fj Oomc flit up your glasses steady; I it I v0.rd 18 a world of lies. I a to tho dead already H Aud a health to the next who dies. S "Was it by mere accident or designthitS solitary broken gin bottle lies on this ml "Whoso bones are beneath? There is no rej of the dead in Apia except that kept in iS functoiy way at the various consulate, crB the missionaries. But the latter always J very little interest in other white people, jig charity commenced and ended at home, if can scarcely credit the fact that one Dr. Tel a former head of the mission here, m asked to givo sorao medical aid 'fel sick trador. Ho declined to do 1 saying, " I am not hero to attend to ilj people." And tho sick Englishman had to;S tho French priests for relief, giving thembl thanks as well as full payment, which hidbi also tendered to the English missionary. Ill this on tho authority of Mr. Gtffl Dannet, who says that thanks to 1 French priests, the sick Englishman, 1 Gerald Flower is now alive and well in® Zealand. But tho missionaries do not dxS tho natives for nothing. A dose fron I missionary medicine chest is always pail fag a fowl or a dozen eggs, or a bunch of banS In years of plenty it may be right that 8 natives Bliould pay for what they get, bntuw time of famino it scorns to me strtcfi that a charge in kind should be made for cl cine by tho missionaries. Young girls hive jgj to obtain money how they could to give f!S sick parents to buy loaves of bread ortkffl salmon as a present to the missionary! return for medicine. A patient must noil empty banded to the mission house. lifi so little is cared for tho living, the dead J be thought littlo of. The municipality ciljj I suppose, had chargo of the cemetery. 9 when the local government wa, suppress?! fi tho Germans two years ago everything vaffl ruin within tho municipal boundaries. EssH as well as laws, are now supported by Midi without foreign help, but the cemetery beta not take charge of. | Some graves here have hedges planted an® now growing wild and luxuriantly. fl» pots which once held rare flowers remxefl evidences of the care of survivors who we <8 no moro, or who care no more for the once log dead. Hero nro twelve graves where | tho unknown dead sailors of She h'ijfl tho Vandalia and tho Trenton. At l£ they were buried as such, but most of the is were supposed to bo German, the boons H claimed and repudiated by tho officials of fi empire. Other headboards givo the n"-1! drowned American sailors. Far awayfffi Virginia lies "Joseph Hewlett, landsman oifi Nipsic," a nativo of tho OU Domissj| Far from Ohio rests tho "yeoman" oi fi Vandalia. From tho north and south sui® of tho Great Bepublio havo been gad® together to this littlo graveyard iu Samoifi bodios of those who perished iu the fearful® ricano in March last, Tho men died ss as if facing shot and shell, and dying in sutjg manner tho result was greater than if thq « fallen in action. Nothing to my mind in wfi days is so significant as the cheer gives tJB morituri of the Trenton to tho Calliope wl steamed out to safety. Tho verses wfi "Waiter Mitchell wrote in the JVcu l«"| g wiU go through tho length and br«J America and stir many a heart in whic nog blood beats : — i Tho Admiral tosses his sea rap'dfjh .h,w3J As from station to station is pnscoinc | And over tho oproar of ware and m | The thunder roll oi our cheer la heard, g Oh. blood is thicker than l4 I Will England's memory hoW it acmv B AnoV»unto&; J Tho drowned American dead in Godj J at Apia did notdio in vain 1 Msmone, L| dissensions, of German insolence, a J asters of tho hurricane, may fade, o led by Admiral Kimberley, dear old J Kimberley," marks an era of goodwill n the two great Anglo- saxon p0 | event which will never be forgo' B moral, I daresay, is very plain ; to i » Gorman captain of tho Sophie | abroad in this direction. _ Tho cemetery at Apia is not accorjS any religious ceremony. An tho old theory, ghosts «»s" horo at night. But I have never h j ghost in Samoa. Tho natives arc i too 1 in imagination to speculati abouta of thoir departed fnc M| If they believe that there is 1 agaga, and avoid tho coine r? unttl merely from a childish fear But in comparison withothcr JcjdtheJ| are not superstitious. Thcir llhoUghgrtil«l in the mldstof their villages, nr the® i 1 sometimes havo tombs ma places. I do not think ths Sawoans j afraid of off, death. aa reUgio-q In Apia those who are C.tbrf .td the consecrated ground of H J c| fele. olooo to tho convent and « H German firm. This neglected than the one behind J of Apia. of wiftl coacwte. Toe® I »U surmounted by Some, however, have f. half liidJen in the dense iP' HZ mfeht hero evolve a little allegory lip1 0 ' strurglc of Christianity with the M1 tl! 0f Heathen habits. The natural WttkmM is the same in Samoa now as missionaries first landed on these |ra rreIlMtho natural man was strong m Hrft.red the daily lives of Saxon nnd Norse- IgP CcU and Scot, long after the Cross RchU was supposed to rule supreme in BE The "Christians" of tho middle gP'V,, fives were divided between giving ®Ff.,4!T,i,3ril blows by day and holding high Hf':, |. nicht, wero more suporatitious, but WrlJ lacked all the elements of true l&bnitr;, as ">oh 113 the nativ<" 0t th0;i(> Kje Islands before the Cross was known iftfc a teiy neglected but very quiet and peace- IsKit this Catholic cemetery at Matafelc. Ba'Vlts ruined fence tall cocoa palms sway Sin the wind. Inside tho scarlet hibiscus sheds ||r bl'onomi on tho graves and the broken crosses. Ilfoture! and not tho Church, is supreme. But if.,; si in the Protestant burying ground, there Iflrj symbolical evidences of civilisation as well ggrj Christianity. Uottl03 round and bottles Km ornament some of the graves, the vic- ffiji of Gin sleep peacefully 'neath tho symbol ®Jwa Thero arc, however, comparatively SaL grltC3 of Europeans in this Catholic illexeieiy. Bcachcombars never have any reli- Soa,andsre, therefore, always classed as Pro- Kjjjatj, Jhere is one very largo wooden cross Ifhir the grave of Peter Perry, master-at-arms iiftheU.S.S. Adams, erected in July, 1B88, by shipmates. The Adams, luckily for herself, flitt not on this station at tho time of the hurri- ||Le. Master-at-Arms Perry died from natural rahaie.', and being a Catholic was buried by his KipBitcs hero in consecrated ground ; and so, wEeoidingtotheruIesof Holy Church, ho rests jli fern. Sitting on the graves, 'ncalli tho jii>iscai, I almost envy the dead lying quietly gfjae. What is life hut gf A little season of love nnd laughter, BH Of light and life and plcasureand pain, 3j| And a horror of outer darkness after, 38B And dust retarneth to dust again. S3 Thsa lbs lesser life shall bo as the greater, B And the lover of light shall join tho hater ; rn And the one tiling cometh sooner or later, Sg And no one knowerh the loss or gain. Bnhacil proverb de aortitis nil nisi bomim holds |-a1 in Samoa. 