co MmOD:)ARE JUNli.u Br 0. 31AN'VILLE FEN. Author of "The Pa"on o' Dumford," Ete. a CHAPTER M. & ansazo ares. The laws were tremenmldouly 'ringent in h those days when It war conlh.nrd much Wier to 6nu, an ol'fnder, LI. ,",-.cr to un end than t okeep him at th?te btie , expe?oe and when the stealing ,f a sheep w-ts coansiderel crimune to e puniished with death, an attack upnm the e r.'r In ar of o::, of the king's officers by a coupIe o, notorious hlw.bemakers wse not like Iv t.,ha 1,4 p epnteu .nitently by a judge wrell- known for stern sentences, a But a jury of Devon menu was silting uten I the offence of Abel l ell and nart Wriglel, and feeling dieposoal to deal easily with a g o?uple of young fcllowhs w?hoe previous b.d character was all in connection with w sugm ling, a crime with the maid jury of a very light dye, certainly not black. Abebl and Dact escaped the raps, and were *n- ti tnncedto trans?prtation toone of lis ]Hajety' colonies in the West Indi.., there to do con rict work in cmnection with plantations, or the making of roada, as thar tioakm:nterni t might think fit. t Time glided be, and Mary Dell found that he life at horne 'had be.oao ineupportable. She was not long in fitriung that, now that she was left alone and unpote?rtcd, she was nt to be free from perocutian. Her con -temptuous rejection of Casptain Armstroog'o advances se?mtl to ha?e the ekIot of incresonin his rIr..couton ; aind one evcninoe d -t the ad of a couple of mouths Marv Dell sat on one of the nooks olt ide the cottage door, gazing out to see, ant watlhine llthe -sips sail westwadn, as ohe wonder? wi, ether h those on boardn would evr bsc the brother h who seemed to be all that was left toi hr i this world. That particular night the thought lwhiirh had been hatching in her brain ever since A~Je had Krn sent a?wnv flew forth fully flged and rtad-, and dde roe from where abead been itting in the evening sunshine, h and walked into the cottage.w Mary Dell's proceediog, would h-ace eteda mile frm an obsenrer, blt tl na cottage stood alone. She h:ad heard that li (kptain Armstrong was from home and not epotted back for a week, and there was no fear of ng eyes as the sturdy, well-built a' girL took down •a lookin.g-4. from when it hung to a nail, and. placing it upon the t table, propped it with an old jar, and then tating herself before the gpls+, ehe foldedl her arms, rested them upon the table, and at hi fir quite an hour gazing at hert?lf in the *C mirror. Womanly vanity? Not a scrap of it, but firm, ietene purpo; deep thought; calm, -lcalating oblerration befor tienig a step that was to iufluence her life'-. She rose after a time and walked into her . brother Abel's bedro?m, where she staved for name miont.e, and then with a quick, 8 retslun step she ret-e?end the cottage a1 kitchen, thrust the few emboer tagether that burned upon the hearth, took a pair of A sieisor from a box, and again sated, herself el before the glaes. Ct The sun was setting, and filled the slate- P, floaed kitchen with light which flashed lack e fronthe blurred looking-glares, and cast a curious glare in the girl's stern countenance, with its heary orrk brows, run-browned caddy cheeks, and gloaming eyes. Sip! ! The sharp seimor had passed through one lock of the reansive hhlack tresae which she t had shaken over her shoulders, and which bhen rippled to the cottage floor. h Anothe cut, and two locks had fallen. Then rapidly ,,nip, ,sip, snip--a curious thick, shap es e-nd the great waves ofe glorious hair kept falling as the bare, sun- et burned, ruddy arm playedhe anthr d ere, au: od the etselhlnddeglittlrt?dandopened andclee-t, -. if arm, hand, aoel.et ,ors fo?rmnd the neck, head, and amr.e- 1t:1 of .0-ne fierce bird atacking that well--l::ned head, and at every sap took off a thick t".- of hair. f It was not a long t.ck, a hel when the hair P had al fallen, to lhe around, one curious rings ·o glossy black tremes, there were only a fewr snips to give here and thee( to finiish off t notchey anc two lone. untidy jsotc, and then ti the girl rose. and uithl a eold, hard look upon her fron-:tin: .- f, .he stooped, and t, stooped, and at c. - r -"a4 c:e:t a grent tneas of hair to who.ne ,h.le racmn leaped, and seined it, eorhi,,e ?te s1-.. , which writhed. ie and curled, andi flr, e. .n.l crackled as if P alive, while n? if to ail t'cw idea that she w:t ci deestroying aemethiog livnin., a peculiarly pl pungent odour aunec, as of buraninmg tih, and fillod the room. o An hour later, just an the nred mion roe slowly above the rurface of the sea, a strtud- 6o looking young man, with :t stoat ,ti,,k in one hand-the very stick whyBi t?lt helpe: to belabour Captain Ar.n-tnr·ug---and a bundlli tiedup in a handkerhietf beneath hi aenn, stepped out of the cutta.l,,, changed the key from inside to outside, closed? the old l -door, looked it, drae1-e, out the key, andl with a sudden jerk sent it flying far out into t, deep water beyond the rocks, where it fell , witha dullplh s follow?ed h a pe·uliar hisine sound, as the wanes at high water ru-het te back over the fine shingle at the throwersa feet. a There was a harp l .-k roanod then; but no one was in sight ; nothling t, be heard bat the iasing waters, aclt thie sla-hina-, gasping, and ilmnokin: ,,uatd, as the tide swa in and out aee:er- the musos of stone. Then the figure traned once more to I the cottage, gazed at it fi.-eily for a few d moments, took a step or two away; but a sprang back directly ::etl an ex?re4lin bittencry, and kismd th.-e e?uh unpaintenl woodwork again and :cie with rapid t acttIn, and.then dashol of to the foot of the -cliff, and climbol rapidly te, the hoeep-track -the falntly-?.en path that ted towarlo Slaptoa Lea and the el1 Icll, where the captain still staved with li- younr wife; and then joinae the re-t .l w'hich led to Ply mouth town. The risky part of the tne'k weS pas~oet,and c the open and down-like I.-Aurc bey"onet the -cliffs were rts-hed: ani herre, with the moun beginning to thrw :tle chadow of the trlavelr far furwanl at:l ie weird-looking length, the ori-inal of thet -l·huow strode on manfully ifr another qu.rt:r of amile, when all at onure there wao :a etoplie:o, for another igure was als coming fE.e- the dLintion of Toreroe, and the mtn sh eling full upon the ice showed plainly wht it: :,. There was no qlus.tie:: ,f idntity, for that ereniang, after more tianl his cu-tomary modicum of wine, Captain Ja:nr srm-trony -wh,?o jouray3 had leo petponed--ha. ecubled his young wile creillv, quarrdlid with hi eou?in Imnphr'ly, waio had -been thetr to dine, and then lf: the hounc, deter mined to bgo do-n to 3ery Dell's rolitary " I' a fooe," he sail: "*Ihavent been rma eneoagh with the h:t-ml.mlse eat. $ho -EruLhed. Well, cats have ,l?we, and when I have taught h-r how tl purr niely she'll keetp them alway shFrathel. Inll bring her to her senes to-nlghLt, once and for alL" "Who the dcvil's this?" muttered the captain. "I Hunph! sailor on the trsnp l Plymouth. Well, he wron't haow me. I wen't turn bck." HIe trodeon adozen yards andth.net.,'Pl4 short, as the figure before himn had toplped a few moments before; and then a chance came ,,errthe asprt of the captain. Is knees shook, hl face turned wet, and his throat graser dry.. It w-a horrilde; but there could he no mistake. "Abel Dell!" he cried, hoaarely, as he leaped at the idea that the' botelcr had returnedin piit, to sav-e his oeniter frivm all harm " Oat of my path !'" rang forth in answer, the voice hilog loud, ioperioun, andl fienre; andthten, in a tone of matesc hatrlt and eupprs-ed pasoion, the one oeD---" Dog l' As the last nword rang out there sa a whistling- a. of a stick psendng threcgha the air, a ecmacndeus thud, ase the caiptain frll headlong upon the rocky griund Then there was utter sirene asn th.e young ailor placedone foot upon the pmtracte man's chest, olanupes upon It savagely, and teede eb~d o~ t· I~~Yb~ ~p ~ 55'; on riht away over the ilddeountry borderng the sea. r The figureloomd up once in the moonlight, bi ao the captain rose slowly upon one elbow, i and gazed after it to Pee that it seemtd to b et of sapcrnatund pr.portions, and then ho sank Leck a-in with a groan. ' It's a spirit," he said, " come back to her;" and then thie poltroon fainted dead st away. tI CLLPTER XI. LN THE rLt.rTIOyn . oy Som?ne nSnging a west-countryditty. ti " Hts 'foe-fiae-k ey,-,di A pause in the singing, and the striking of of several blows with a rough hoe, the to at destruction of weeds in a coffee-plantation; ;: while, as the chops of the hoe struck the tI eelos of earth, the fetters worn by the striker at gave forth faint clinks. Then in a pleasant musical voice the singer hi went on with another line : " .nd lAil crlei aiL Hore chops with the hoe, and clinks of lI tihe fetters. tL "lfipiaits; crie.---" A heavy thump with the back of the tool to an obttinate elod, which took several more so strokes before it crumbled up; and all the time the fetters clinked and clanked loudly. Then the singer went on with the sweet old an minor air with ito childish words. "' Did my heart elaare -" Chop I chop ! clink! clink ! clank ! SGetrl A ----"on " ?ut no rake lir keyou.": Oh, I sa~ Abl, mnato; don't, lad, su dou't." " Don't what 1" said Abel Dell, repting upon his hoe, and looking opat big Dart Wriglev, clothed like him?elf, armed with a see hoe, and also decorated with fetters, as he stood wiping the perspiration frem his forehead. " Don't sing that there old song. It do th makle me feed s, unked." be " Unked, Bart I Well, what if it does a These are unked days." ' " Amy, but each time you sin, that, I seem mt to are thie rocks along by the 2hore at home, with the ity hanging down, and the sheep gl fetoin. , and the sea rlling in, and the blue w sky, with gulls a-flying, and it makes me feel dse like a boygain, and big as I am, as if I da should err." " wlys were like a big boy, Bart. Hot yv away, lad, the overseer's looking." tic Bart went on chopping weeds, diligently following his friend's example, 0as a our looking, yellow-faced man came by, in Pb impany with a soldier loosely abouldering Sid his musket. But they passed by without th speaking, and Abel continued : "There's sea here, and blue sky and sun- qu shine." the " Ay," said Bart, " there's sunshine hot mi enough to fry a m?ckerel. Place is right enough if you was free; bhut it arn't home, Abel-it arn't home." 'I "Home ! no," said the young man, savagely. But we have no home. She " apoiited that." There was an interval of weed-chopping Fi and clod-breaking, the young men's ehain elankinr loudly, as they worked now to th energetically that the overseer noted their proceedings, and pointedl them out as ex examples to an idle hand. T "Ah I you're a ha' 'an, Abel," remarked a Bart, after a time. " eI ; and you're a soft 'an, Bart. She could always tarn you round her little m finger." en ".,y, bless her I and she didn't tell on ri us." mi " Ysc, she did," aid Abel, sourly ; and he turned his back upon his companion, and toiled away to hide the working of his face. The sun shone down as hotly as it can shine in the WeTt Indies, and the coarse ml shirts the young men were show-d patches t of moiture where the perspiration came he through ; but they worked on, for the he labour deadeued the laie?ry in their breast.. '. And yet it was a very paradise as fr us th nature was eoaetrunee. Man had sioilod it as far as he could, his cultivation being but a poor recompense for turning so lovely a sI5ot inot a plantation worked by convi:ct --by men who fouled the amblc'nt air each moment they opened their lips ; while, from time to t time, the earth was stained with blood. co In thie ditlance shnme the sea, and betwen C thep!antation and the silver coral sand lay patches of virgin forest, where the richest ni and most luxuriant of tropic growth revelled in the hetand moisture, while in the sunny patches brilliant flowers blohomted. Then tr came wild tangle, cane-brake, and in one re pc 'e, where a creek indented the land, weird tookingrng manerscy.'. s read their lcafge B over their mnuidy ?catfolds of acria: pets. w. " How long have we te-nhetre, mte ." said Bart, after a pause. " Dunna," replied Abel, fiercely. Here he beg.::tr ehopping more sigonly'. b' " How lone will they keep ua in this here to lac e :" said Bart, ~tOc r another interval, and La icle~Jkd from the beautiful shore at the bottn of the slope on which they worked a to the cluttr of stone and wool-built buildings, which fo.-:.,l the pric,n and the SI station farm, with factory and mill, all worked by conviet labour, while tho.se in the neirhbourhood we-reTa nanged b b blacks. :Abcl did not answer, only s?-wld fiercely, at and Bart sighe'd and repated his quatt:ion. e " Till we die !" said Ald, ,:av?ely ; at " same as we've seen other fellows die--of w fever and hard work, and the lash. Curse fit the captain. Curie--" r, Drt clappedoue Lhand over hi, crmpanion's tr lips, and he held the other behind his head, p dropping his hoe to leave full liberty to m act. tl "' I never quanrrel with you, Abel, lad." a he nid, shortly; but if you save words arain 0a that poor gel', I'm goin, to tight-and that a won't do. L it easy d Abel sermed di-posed. to strugrle; but he se gave in, nodded hip head, and Bart loosed p him and picked up his hoe, just as the over- 51 seer, who had come softly up behind, bromh..t dcr the whip he carried with n stinging violenae enros the ashoulders of fir?t t one and then the other. The young men sprang round savagely; but thore won a seotry close ehind. matoket armedland withicayonet fixed, and theyknewr that fifty soldiers wcre within call, andthatif thr suctheerhe dar taskrmalster down and4 ma?ls for the jungle, they would be hunted out with dogs, be shot down like t wilabeaust, or die of starvation, asn other un- i fortunate' had died before them. There was nothing for it but to resume their labour and hoe to the clanking of their fetters, while, after promire of what wa-s to follow, in die shape of tying up to the triaunles and the eat, if they quua'relUtd again, theoverscere went on to see to the others of his floek. "It's wore tihan a dog's life I' said Abel, bitterly. " A dog does h't patted nas well as kicked. Dart, lad, I'm Jorry I got you t0tt iaLh." SNay, lad, never mind," said Bart. "rm sorry for you; but don't speak hard thigs 1 .I'of1 tr not," said Abel, as he lhoed awar Sxcitedly " but I hope this coffee we gr 'y u,)?n~ thore who drink it." ,,O¥ht forf They can't help it," s:id Dat, smiling. "There, lad, take it coolly. SSome dey ?e may make a run for it.",, bI be shot l" smid Abel, bicety. "( There, u'ro down to the o.nd sd that ow go this way. He's watelong Bart obeyed. Ie was one who always did obey; and tby degres the young men were working reght away fram each other, till they wa-re a 'o'sl two hundred yards Ach1t was at the e nd of his row first, and he stoppet and tomeal , begin again and go doan, o as to pao Burt about die middle of he elring; but Bart had another minute's j chopping to do bcfore tnming. ae w, cls up to a dense patch of forcet a --One wild tagle of cane and creeper, whicth ; ,litrally ticd the tall tres together and maci B theforest imp.?sable--whrn the shrieking of akind of jIy, which heai bn flittin.a bout g xeitelloh stopped- and was followodhety the '. -salodsile, whtetle of a white bird and the " gorgon - arlet-crimhao Thou thesaheeking of svreral parrots -nraing see other rnie; whil jast above Bertshe-it, where clusetrs of trumpct-shapel blosesoms hrmg cv down from the edge of the forest, scores of an brilliantly-scaled humming-binr literally buzzed on almost transparent wing, and then Lie s ended themselves in mid-air ns they probed the nectaries of the flowers with their ho -nI bills. na "You'ro beamties, you are," said Dart, sou stopping to wipe his brow; "but I'd give an the hull lot on you fo a sight of one good gr old snrce sparrer n-sitting on the cottage roof and saying e rinrl-erl. Ah I shall us G ever see old Devon.hire again 1" The parrots hung upside.down, and the the tiny humming.birds flitted here and there, sol di-playing, from time to time. the brillinney the of their scale- like feathers, and Bart glanced at his fellow counvict nd was about to work n back, when there came a sound from out of de the dark forest which made him stare wildly, and then the sound arose again. ro: Dart changed colour, and did not stop to up hoe, but walked rapidly across to Abel. " bWhat's the matter I" said the latter. fig "Dumno, lad," said the other, rubbing lhis brow with his ann; "but there's somc thidn wrong." hi "\Whlat is it?" "That's what I dunno; but just now as] something said quite plain, ' Basrt! Dart' " gh "Nonsene! You are dreamin." set " Nay. I wa wide awake as I am now. ab and as I turned a tnd stared it said it again." b " It said it ' hIo " Well, she said it." "Poll partt," said Abel, gruffly. "Go sl on with your work. Here's the overseer." The young men worked a;r y, and their s supervisor passed them, and, apparently yo satisfied, continued his journey round. "May have been a poll parrot," said Bart. PiC "They do talk plain, Abel, lad; but this sounded like something else m."i " What else could it be!" y1 "Soundled like a ghost." i Abel burst into ahearty laugh-so hearty 1 that Bart's face was slowly overspread by a broad smile. " Why, lad, that's better," he said. wa grimly. "I ar'n't sern you do that for wit months. Work away." of The hint waL given because of the overseer glancing in their direction; and they now n worked on together slowly, going down the he row toward the jungle, at which Bart kept on ot darting uneasy glances. " Enough to make a man laugh to hear Pe you talk of gho,to, Bart," sid Abel, after a time. " What could it be. then?' "Parrot some lady tamed," said Abel, th shortly, as they worked on side by side, " eacapedto the woods again. Some of these birds talk just like a Christian." " Ay," said Bart, after a few moments' 1is quiet thought,-" I've herel 'em, lad; but do there's no poll parrmt out hero as knows me." " Knoaws vroue" Ca SWell. didn't I tell you :u it called to me ` Bart 1 Bart !"' A " Soundtds like it," said Abel, Iaconieally. ' What doer he want I" For just then the overseer shouted, and signed to the gangmen~ to come to him. "To lbin another job-log- rolling, I think," gmrowled rt, shouldering his hoe. tio At that moment, sa Abel followed his example, there c:me in a low, eager tone of O voice from out of the jungle, twenty yards t aw ay S Bart I-Abel I-Abel ," we "Don't look," whispered Abel, who p reeled as if struck, and recovered himself to -y catch his companion by the arm. " .UAll right !" he said aloud; "we'll be here to- e morrow. We must go." bit CICHAITER XII. IN D iDLY EaPrL. It was quite a week before the two young men were at work in the plantation of young " trees a;ain, and during all that time ther had feverishly diuisetal the voice they hald be heard. Everyc time they had approached the borders of the plantation where it ran up toan the virgin forcest th:y hadl Ik.n o the qoi rice, expectine to hear their names dole . again, but only to be di.sppointed: and, after due coneide?ition, Abel placed a right interpr-tstiotl upon the reason. "It w.bs s sea?e eho agt ashore from a s u boat," he said, " ando sndmed to crawl up there. It's the only place' where anyone could get up." '" Being nigh that creek, hul, wi. er the crocodiles is," said Bart. " Ay, you're right. Who could it base " One of our rid mates." '" Nay; no old mate would take all th:,t trouble for uti led. It's romeono v arv's sent to bring us a letter and a bit of newu." ph It wias ati night in the prism lines that B:rt said this, and then he listened wontderingly in the dark, for he hti-ald s-omc tilng lik, a sub fr.e: cloh e to, Iu elbow. '" AI,, mater !" he whisimervd. Don't talk to me, old lads," -,ane tack hboarýly after a time. And then, after a long silence, " Yes, yea're rihat. Poser L-ss-a has !s s " " oSiy that atin, Abel; say that again," whlispernd Dart, excinlly. " Poar las. ! I'r, kn t., hard on her. She didm't get us tak'" "Thank Gtrl' These we'r Bares n oiarsely whiiperodi words, choked with emetion : and dirctly b after, as he lay there, Abel Dell felit a grati, rouch, tnremling hand paso aCnes hio s face a and earch aboult him till it rcea?tcl his own, whih it gripped and held with a stron, ol firsm clap. for there wa? beneath Ba:rt's rough, husk-like exterior a great d.el of the true, loya, loving tnatrrial of which Etgli-h gentlemen are made; and when tooward morning those two prisoners fell asle-p in their chains, hand wass still gripped in hand, while the dreams that brightened the re maining hours of their rest from penal labour were very similar, being of a rough home down beneath Devon's lovely cliffs, where the sea ran sparkling over the clean-washedi pebbles, and the handsome face of .a'.y i" smiled upon each in turn. "Abel, mate, I'm ready for anything now," .aid Bart, as they went that moring to their work. "Only say again a you for 'ive ourlar." " Bart, old Ila," said Abel, hou~esly, "I've nought to fortivre." b "s Hh I' ejaculatedl Bart, and then be begn to whistle softly no if in the highet- of spits, and Iooked longingly in the direction of the junb-le beside the mud creek; but three days elapsed before they were set to hoe among the coffee bushus again. Bart let hds chin go down upon his chest on the morning when the order wra giren. and the orerser saw it and cracked his ou sulky ruffian !" he cried. "Nonea of your sour looks with me. Get on with von !" He crackd his whip again, and Bar: suffl?d eloff, clinking his fetters loudly. " Di keep between us, Abel, lid," lhe whispered., "or I shall gooff and he'll see. Oh, for, how I do want to laugh l" Hie retr.ined his mirth for a time, ansh they walked on to the end of tile plantation t and began their tbk at the opposite end to uwhere they had left off, when the rote at which their hoes were plied -as such tlhat i they cwere not long before ther began to near i the denme jungle, beyond whih lay the mzan grove swamp and the sea. " 1 dreu't hope. Buart," whisperbl A~1. Sso despondouily that hisa ompanion, in a tlwildly excited annner, laughed iLn is Sface. "What a lad you are f' he cried. " It's Sall right; he's a?niting for ua. It' sosne SRatilor chap from Dart.runth, whose 'hip's ,put in at Kingston or IBelize. Cheer up, amate " But it was all a mockery ; and when they pproached the jungle at last, hocing nmore awly-- for, much as they lng?d to get tp f at once. they knew that any unusual move s ment ou tsheir part might be interpreted ly watchful eyes into an attempt at escae, ans t bring dmwn upon them a shot--Bart s voice h trembled and sounded homrsely as he said ,a pbfully- Now, Abel, myd, I'm going to talk to a that there poll parrot." "Hueh!" whisperd Abel, agitatedly. S" Keep on quietl hour work til we get a claue, and then call soffly." " Oh, it's all straight, hlad," whispered e back Dart, chopping away and bskaling s acload ahia fetter s mcr? lodly thm ever. " Now. then, Ploly ! Pretty Polly, are Yon there t" "Yes, yes, Bart. Abel, dear brother, at last, at Lut !" came from the jungle. "Sanry-Polly, my girl !" cried Abel, hoarely,as hethrew down hishoo; andheweus running toward the jungle, where a craslhing sound was heard, when Bart flung his strong arms aeross his chest and dashed himto the gnrund. "Are you mad !" he cried. " Mary, for God's sake, keep back !" The warning wts needed, for from aeross the plantation the overseer and a couple of soldiers cane running, every nloveme?t on the part of the prioneri being weatihcld. " Sham ill, lad; sham ill," whispered a :Bart, as a piteous sigh came from the depths of the jungle. " Nowthen, you two. Fighting again " roared the overseer, as he. came panting " Fighting, sir!" growled Bart; " rum fighting. He nearly went down." " He wao trying to escape." Escape !" growled Bart. "Look at him. Suu's hot." The overseer bent down over Abel, whos' r aspect helped the illusion, for he looked ghastly from his emotion; and he had pre sence of mind enough to open his eves, look about wildly from face to face, and twhen begin to strugglo up, with one hlnd to his 0 head. " Is it the fayvr, Ror !" said one of the soldiers. " No. Touch of the sun," said the over seer. " They're always getting it. There, you're all right, ar'nt you .n" '" es, sir," said Abel, slowly, as he picked up his hoe. " Sit down under the trees there for a few minutes," said the overseer. "Lend him r your water-bottle, soldier. And you stop a with him till he's better. rll come aulk , coon." This last was to Bart, plarain, a, it were into the prisoners' hands, for Bart took the e water-bottle: and as the overseer went off a with his guard,Abel was assisted to the edge f of the jangle, whero a huge cotton-tree threw its shade; and hero Bart placed him, n an old stamp, trembling the while, as he I held the water to his comlxnion's lips. ' It was hard work to keep still while the others went out of hearing ; but at last it seemed safe, and Abel pantedout "3Mary, dear, are you there !" i " Yes, ye, Abel. Oh, my dear brother, say one kind word tome" " SlinEd wordl Oh, my lamys, my Lss, say h that you forgive me !" " 'orgive you ! Yes. But quick, dc-i. before those men come lbck." b "' Tell me, then," said Abel, speTaking with f his back to the jungle, and his head bent h down as if ill, while art leaned over him, I tremblina like a leaf, " tell me how you came to be here." " I came over in a ship to Kmgsten. Then I' went to New Orleans. Then to Honduras. And it was only a fortnight agof that I found you." d " But how did you come here I" " I've got a ;nall boat, dear. I asked U and asked for months before I could find out where you were. I've been to other planta- I tions, and people have thought me mad ; but ti one day I stumbled ncroos the sailors of a ship that comes here with stores from the a station, and I heard them say. that there h were a number of prisoners working at this v place; and at last, after waiting and watch- t ing for weeks and weeks, I caurht sight of e you two, and then it was a month before I could speak to you as I did the other day." li " And now you have come," coid Al?tl, bitterly, " I can't even look at you." "But you will escape, dear," said Mary. ",Escape " cried Abel, excitedly. "Ste dy, lad, steady. 'Member you're ill," growled Bart, glancing towanrd the nearest sentry, and then holting up the I bottle as if to see how much was withi. " Yes, escape," said Mary. " I have the boat ready. Can you come now 1" " Impos sible! We should he overtaken l and shot before we we hal gene a mile." " But you must es ape," sid I Mary. "iYou most get down here by night." " How :" said Bart, grustly. " You two maut settle tlhut," sail Mary, quickly. " Ion only a woman; hitt I h:vs" ,isod means to ger here with a oart, and I canu come asin an.d aa-in ti- you join mse." " Yes" said Abel, decidedly; " we will contrive that." 1 " But is it safe, la~. where you are !" "What do you mean '" " Thv tellel us thrro was the cnrasliles all al!n" that crclk, and "harks out 2y0ond, if we tried to run." " Ye, .said Eair,, calmly, " there ex plenty of the-a cre:,sta- about." " Listcn," said A.kl, quickly, a cia speaiking at di- ideLlly now :s his csiu r. " GC you iet tire night after night :" e Ys," 'aid Mary. " I have been here c every night sinc" I spoke to you Inst." '" Than (,.,Ii on nrouin."' 1 Ye'." Said Mary;: "I will till you esoair.'r " You have the boat:"' And risTions." " Yes : a little.'" " But hvw do you mnanage !" "I am fithitng if any one cers me : but it is very lonely hlre. I se nothhin but the a binds," shie al:,hl to hcrself. " and :lhekes and itlirt,rs ;" and1 as she said this she smiled sadly. " Bek canful, then," idd Abel. " Bart, old lad, we will escape." There wa. a loua expiestion of the breath from the jungle, and Ai'l continued " I must get up and go on work, or they will be back. Mary, once more, you have a boat 1" " Yes." " And can come up here and wait'" Quick, short, decided answers each time. '"Then be cautious. Only comno by night." " I know. Trust me. I will not be seen. I will do nothing rash. To- night, as .cxm as it grmws dark, I shall Ibe here ex ting you, for I hall not etir. At day r .ehl sit-s m n id'e a-ain at ni-ht." "Aknd min thc .enta-ics." "Trust mne, Abel I hall not come now by &ay; for six days. If at the end of six ighit yotn have not been able to r.ape, I hMoilmini' for rsix days by day, hopiug that yu many be more succeeoful inthe dayrliglt; for perhaps you will find that a bold dait will he-lp you to get away." i"But the risk-the riLk t" panted Al? "the rick, girl, to you I" " Atol, dear. I tanhere to risk everything. I lave risked everything to join you." "Ye.," he raid, hoaaroly. "- But after wards. If we dio c-cal'i' " Leave the plan to mer,'" sohe said, with a little laugh. "I h:aveloat and sail, and the world is very wide. Only e-cape. Take cure; the turn are coming back." Mary's voice cearosel; and Abel took hold of Bart'o ann, rose, raised his hoe, and warked with him to where they lid left otl I work, tl lgin again lowly, the tawo men 0 tlvmbling with excit'ament now; for, as the Soversr nearis them, a lird bean flying to t and fro over the edge of the jungle, ereatna t ing widly, evidently from the fact that r ou:nelhcdly wa hitddca there. (TO rE COTratsru). SInvmtigation has shown that aporous terra otin bric"~ and blocks best rcist the action of tire, watt , and froet. Next to tho u firne resiting matcrials come c-rcrtes and uiornit ' clay work. For btiilinuag? intndiue to lie tire e I ofin, the bet materials are iron work, incaoled in porous terri-cott with tile or brick work in roof and floor, and tile coatruction. The hollow tiles are facired with vitreous tile, slate, or ygood watherlroof oamtig, or with amingle Tlf kncrs of brick. The Etoyror Willinam is a little filgerty ablut the laUilnmeCtL of hit anoy. lIe h r, for instance, just ehangad all the lIanni fur shortcr ' and ,troneer ore, aftr having ordered letner olalsc. utdy rsontly he lasl the Caeniect e siupplitt with revolvers : tlrewereimmediately id aftersarl changed for lartnsca. Thesie heo been now relaced by rifles of a small calibre. to There is one womna journalist, and only one, rep~orting the proceoduings of the PIarnell Commn inim at the Lw Courts. She is, how ever, a ecuiowhat anumias caoeption, for they Pta that cbs ia none other than Madam. Venturi, thle wellk-noun friend of iMazainiL ed tBe'olds the seat allotted to an Irishnova t pa4pir and dosa cmespon?dence for xne Con in tinental journals. 