Cydiiig Eomid the World. Whoi STark Twain went travelling, ke i travelled in toe ortWnT fashion— just like : ®®y otow tourist — and even so found so much to write about that three of the most ch&n;&Liw; and. mtedririag books of travel ever wnttaa wore given to the v>na. J«righ,«s a rule, Train treated his subjects hunmroush-j yet travtikrs are agreed that theresAer laeaaly leased of too points the y«St wishes to imp- ffir gams iaforma- tna, Xtrittwff the ofaemnt eye of. Ae and every- thing treated in a masterly style. But if HukTvaiii worn only a hecyclist and to hlow toe example set by Sir. Geoige " t«and Btr. Harry Stokes, of the -Mel- ?a BicTcte Club, and tour the worfd «a at?e%ba£ a wealth of humour andtnfcjv 'might we not have. MeaMa.Bureton KBamred km0 once mOT On Satw- ' morning afUir toalqun feat, and tlaf „lt at Scvmouron Saturday morning representative of The bT a , pftpd for the remainder of the 2 to the Citv. " How are you f GHad j""?Ln back," is the greeting. " Thanks," otfr Burston. (,Iam pleased to get back sa though for the matter of that the trip go very enjoyable that I would not iltorohig round and going: over it again. SuwoS like a running account of where hare been and what we saw, ask what We think, and I will tell you as much as I yu ph'en, fail lv launched on the sea of c#?t Sir. Burston started off, and as there m several friends, who had also gone to (he travellers and prepare them for tho Option, to nsk quMtioM eperfily Esmocothu-ii'i ', and rattled along. » We have been away about fourteen months altogether. living started off on our atiuaes 011 t?' ' lst ovember last 5ar. When it was fir?; mooted between us we only intended to go along quietly, as ordinary tourkti. However, before we left Mel- Zvvne oar brother cyclists banqueted us. We thought we were Victorian representa tives then. M Sydney another banquet, and Iha-" brought it teune to us that wherever we wenN and whatever we did, we should havo' to uphold Australian honour and dimity. V"e roib? over to Sydney lyVv c? Bat hi rest, the Jcnolan Caves, and nianv other nbccs worth visiting. Leaving the" beautiful harbour, wo scampered along the . cast, and thru took passage by steamship to There nxly about forty English- men live, but tho two words of Javanese we learned enabled us t o get something to oat s&i; drink. 'l\r.« of thousands of blacks crowd tin- inland, and at every mile ef ihab-3 we travelled there, marvelled much a! the strangene>- of our steeds. Thence to and on to British Bnrmah. On acaiii to India, win re in all we covered about A"m> mile? of country. We bad a pretty ,-1 time of it ali round, but now and again hsil obstacles to overcome, such as occa sionally going a day or so without anything to e;U--t rifles to be expected. The Hindoos are a peculiar people. They would run after and t ry to overt like us, out with perfect equanimity we could leave our machines and gecris auv where about. Their caste was against their tombing anything belonging to sTluropoaii. There i? a lovely advantage in that, buf. f«h yc< 1 it has its drawbacks. Their cviste would not let them give us food potr .time?. Once we roio for nearly three (Lit with nothing to cat." Put why didn't you follow Mark Twain's p!:oi You remember that.'" \- 'Veil, let P pas. We did a good deal r : nonntam riding, but on our way up the Ifirr.tiavc?, » once good road, now ploughed no just by the Ganges, stopped us, and we wailed. The trouble was worth while, for ! in the distance we saw gigantic Everest, with his white head buried in the clouds. Shaking the tiist ef India from our machines, we sped acr country into tho Holy Land. Fak-tino, fr rsi the glory of its past magnificence. is worth visiting en.w but crme is enough. I am glad I bathed iu the heavy waters of the Devi dived off Jordan's banks, and saw 1 tamsvicu? and .1 ei usalem, besides many other historic places, kicIi as Baalbek, but am content. In that country we travelled 500 mA'S and had awful work of it going arr 05? Lobanon . The road over the mount j ti :: wond'Tfrd pic-eo of human work. It wind? itself up. and ever up, in gentle serpen - tin - oinles. Thr-r.- is nothing like it in any part of the world that I know of. We got a lit irod of ridiiifT. but a few hours' walking tiiid pushing the machine knocked us up, and a It .: by the roadside gave io welcome and refreshing rest. We vtrr' n»t to bo daunted like that, a«d alto- grr'ier we ascended over 4,000ft. The de cent was t asy, nu 1 after calling casually at one or two interesting places, we turned, our wh —b towards Damascus. There we hud some mild c-xcitem.CE.:. T he Governor is a despotic eld gentleman, and hearing of our arrival wa> unxious to see u« ride. "We, at first, did net want to make shows of ourselves, but being told that the wishes of the Governor wet c commands, turned out to the gaze of an admiring crowd. The Governor was de lighted. and shortly after sent to us i-ir our passports, so mat ne tot'.: ! record Lis opinion. The wily old fcL.tw well knew wo had no passports. A LiK to the mes: eager, and his Excellency viij informed that we were out of town. Silently and swiftly we left Damascus at half- pa?: j in the morning. The constant itera tion of 4 backsheesh' was ear-rending, and if w had stayed longer the knowing Turk wouid have made enough out of us to have kepi him in luxury for a long time. Along the road multitudes turned out to see and us. In some places watches were po?ted, so that the first intimatiou of our approach could be heralded without delay. It w&s; like travelling in State, but for alfthat we did not relish it. At another place topped at we appeared 'by order' again, sad this time had a little joke on our own account. We got all the head officials to mount the machine, and the undignified way fcioy all invariably fell off caused the lower orders the most supreme enjoyment. A practical joke sometimes has an unhappy endiug, and seeing we had gone far enough made tracks accordingly. " Ao, we did not do any riding in Egypt aceonnt of there only being camel tracks there. You know it would be hard to fide through heaps of loose sand. " e visited the pyramids, and gazed -with jffi amount of awe on the Sphinx, standing there so still, sublime, ghost- like. On through Asia Minor, across the Bosphorns to Constantinople, down to the land of which Homer sang, the once mighty Greece, through Sicily, and at last we got to Naples, jted contrasted its Bay with Tort Jackson. Ihey are both beautiful, and tastes may prefer the one to the other. I won't say hioh. At Home we had a ludicrous expe dience. It seems that no one is allowed to n bicycle within the walls of the city. J e did not know that, and took no notice of Anybody until two burly policemen appeared PJ the scene, and taking charge of lis, us free home ana sheta for a ple of hours. As luck would hare it, we happened to tneet an old A««trai;a„ . ' , ont fiberty. we met what tWcSSomT Other Raol»r ItaliaI1 <« <my out oPthe ' i et alon& oa our way, BMne aid ¥ Zon%> we struck the its beautiful banks but! oSr1 AW. ®ome f the mouth or the fihine is about 1,500 miles, and wa lholelPiX3lid f fact &afc; wde the weWW6 e5?ept a, few es, when ttHi T? through the tunnel of St. AlS i cuts' through the heart of the 4And,by-the-bye, we had some good lnf , ho Ali>s. W e knocked about there a aud ro chanued with the enchanting scenery of Switzerland and the pleasins- of tho people. Well, A diS dawdle on our bicvcles. and we must not dawdle now. Descriptions ... a hundred and one places, each with a fame of its own, I would like to pve, but a thousand and one other travel- lers have already recorded what is to bo said oi them, and I might only become a bit of a nuisance by thrusting my views before you. And so by steamer we at last arrived in London, the city of merchant princes, the home of genius and talent, the leviathan centre spot of the world. We were a good deal about there, and yet could not sav much about it. English bicyclists gave us a British welcome, which made us almost thiuk we were in Australia again, so hearty was it. Banquets by the score were offered us. TV1 llpfan f 1 xr ennn rrli nA i.k VUV uU MO UCUUUU tiUUB and indeed were very glad of it afterwards. A party of twenty- six Ameri can bicyclists were showing off through the country, and billed themselves to appear at a certain town on a certain date, just like some theatrical troupe. They did not refuse any banquets, and after a time got into bad odour. Their actions being known, our refusals were praised." That's good, for if in no oilier way you upheld Australian dignity in that." i% Yes, after all we were only private tourists. We went everywhere in Great Britain, riding over o,0Q0 miles, 2,000 of which we put in in Ireland. We went through Wales — good old Taffy land — no less than three times, and its grandeur at each trip impressed us more and more. The green lanes, the homely air of rustic simplicity, the dear old traditions of tho father-land left their marks on our minds, and far and away above all other lands we place the land of the Rose, the Thistle, and the Shamrock. We were at the Harrowgate cyclist camp, about 200 bicyclists being pre sent. We did not go in for racing, iff fact I have never raced in my life. Our riding in Great Britain .over, a vovatre across Dover Straits and we landed in France, and soon got to the Paris Exhibition. Up the Eiffel Tower, a scamper along the boulevards, a short run about the land of the Marseillaise, and we were done. Back to London again, and by ihat time we had ridden over 10,000 miles — the limit we had allowed ourselves. Our faithful machines wero shipped home, and for the rest of the lour we joined the ordinary crowd, and visited America, where we spent about six weeks. Honolulu, where a fortnight was delightfully passed, and catching the Mari posa, touched, at Auckland, and then set foot on Australian soil at Sydney. 