THE JACKDAW OF IRHEIMS. "Tune miser CUrnrs adeo conscientir stimulis compunctus fait, et exceamtio cum tantopere ex carnefi avit, ut exinde tabeacero incipret, laclem contr.ilerct, mncnl cibuni averarrtur, nee ampliih crcitarct : lnaawr. pnitretr ei dclucobant, ct alia inldulia oines fnccti.s intennisit, et tam maecr appiroit tut omes jus ejus mserescrent," "Tune albas sacrdqtibus mandavit ut rvrsus furoe absolvcrent: quo facto, Corvsa, omnibus mirantibus, propcticm convalhit, et pristliram sani tntem recupeavit" De 1tlrrt. Ord. ?terc. TaE Jackdasw oat on the Cardliual'a chair h Bislhop and abaht, azid ',rior l'ere there; Mlany a monk, and maory a fiar, Many a knight, and nmany a equire, With a great many more of lesser degree In sooth a goodly company; Andti they served thd Lord Primate on beaded knee. Never, I ween, Was a prouder seen, Read of in books, or dreamt of in dreams, Than the Cardinal Lord Archbishop of lRheims In and out Through the motley rout That little Jackdaw kept hopping about ; Here and there Like a dog in a fair, Over comfits and eates, And dishes and plates, Cowl and cope, and rocket and pall, Mitre and crosier I he hopp'd upon all ! With a saucy air, lie perchbed on the chair Where, in state, the great Lordl Cardinal sat In the great Lord Cardlinal's great red hat; And hbe peer'd in the face Of his Lordship's Grace, With a satisfied look, as if .ho would say, " We two are the greatest folks hereto- day ! " And the priests, with awe, As such freaks they saw, Said, " The Devil must be in that little Jack daw 1I" The feast was over, the board was clear'd, The flawns and the custards had all disap pear'd, und six little Singing-boys- dear little souls 1 In nice clean faces, and nice white stoles, Came, in order due, Two by two, Marching that grand refectory through ! A nice little boy held a.tolden ewer, Emboss'd and lill'd with water, as pure As oany that flaws between Rheims and Namur, Which a nice littlo boy stood ready to catch In a fine golden hand-basin made to match. Two nice little boys, rather mare grown, Carried !aveuder-water, and eau de Cologne; And a nice little by had a nice cake of soap, Worthy of washing the hands of the Pope.. One little boy more A napkin bore, Of the beat white diaper, fringed with pink, And a Cardinal'a lat mark'd in "permanent ink." The great Lord Cardinal turns at the sight Of these nice little boys drtes'd all in White: From his finger he draos His costly tur quoise ; And, not thinking at8all about little Jackdaws, Deposits it straight By the side of his wait; Till, when nobody's dreaming of any such thing, That little Jackdaw hops off with the ring I There's a cry and a shout, And a deuce of a rout, And nobody seems to know what they're about, But the monks have their pockets all turn'd incide out ; The friars are kneeling, And hunting, and feeling The carpet, the floor, and the walls, and the ceiling. The Cardinal drew Off each plum-colour'd shoe, And left his red stockingk exposed to the view ; He peeps, and he feels In the toes and the heels; They turn up the diases-they turn up the platesa They take up the poker and poke out the grates,. -They turn up the rugs, They examine the mlgs : But no 1-no such thing;- They can't find Till: Ri.NG And the Abbot declared that, " when nobody twigg'd it, Some nrscal or other had piopp'd in, and Irigg'd it " The Cardinal roae with a dignified look, He call'd for his candle, his bell, and hi book I In holy anger, and pious grief, lie solemnly cursed that rascally thief ! IH, cursed him ac board, he cursed him in From the 0olo of his foot to the crown of li. head ; He cursed hIim in sleeping, that every night Htie hould dream of the devil, end wake in a fights; iHe cesrsed him in ?iting, he cursad him in drinking, He cursed him in coughing, in sneezing, in winking ; He cursed him in sitting, in standing, in lying; He cursed him in walking, in riding, in fly ing, He cursed him in living, he cursed him dying ! Never was heard such a terrible curse ! But what gave rise To no little surprise, Nobody eeom'd one pennythe worse ! The day was gone, The night came on, The IMonks and the Frinars they?scarchoed till dawn; ; When the Sacristan saw,- On crumpled claw, Come limping a poor little lame Jackdaw I . No longer gay, As on yesterday y; His feathers all secm'd to be turned the wrong way ; tis pinions droop'd--he could hardly stand, His head was as bald as the palm of your hand His eye so dim, So wasted each limb, That, heedless of grammar, they all cried, "T TnAT's m ! That's the scamp that has done thisseandallous thing! That's the thief that thas got my Lord dardi nal's Rling I " The poor little Jackdaw, When the moaks tie saw, Feebly gave vent to the ghost of a cawe ; And turn'd his bald head, as muca! as to say : Pray, he so good as to walk this way I " Sloever ind slower Hie lilmp'd on before, Till they came to the back of the belfry door, Where the first thing they saw, Midst the sticks and the straw, Was the nI.O in the nest of that little Jack dw l Then the great Lord Cardinal cal'd for his .b ,ok, And olffthat terrible curase he took; The mute expresion Served in lieu of contfesion, And, being thus coupled with full reatitution, The Jrckdawa got plenary absolution I \- When those words were heard, That poor little bird Was so changed in a mooment, 'twas really absurd,' Hie grew sleek, and fat; In addition to that, . fresh crop of feathern came thick as a mat ! Ills tail waggled more Even than before; But no longer it wagged with nn impurdent air, so lonwer he perch'd on the tAhrdinal's chair, IHe hopp'd now about With agnit devout; And, so for.from any more pilfering deeds, tie alway's seem'd..telling the. Confessor's beads. If any one lied-or if any one swore Or slouber'd in prayer- timine and happen'd to snore, That good Jackdaw Would give a great " Caw ! " As much as to vay, "Don't do so any more !" Whilo many remnak'd, as his manners they saw, That they "nroer had known osuch a pious Jackdaw ; " lie long lived the pride Of that country side, And at last in the odour of sanctity died; When, as words were too faint, His merits to paint, The Conclave determined to make him a Saint ; And on newly-made Saints and Popes, as eou know, It's the custom, at Rome, new names to bestow, So they canonized him by the name of Jem Crow ! 