",ovcoist. The Midnight Prophecy onI THE HEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. By Em ma e Garrison ToneCs. CHAPTER LXVII. "I WILL SAVE YOU." "I climbed the gory vltarc's nest. And found the trembling dove within." The voice of Mother Gwynneth aroused her from a deep sleep, the sleep of utter exhaustion. She started up with a thrill of terror. The sun was shining in at the window, and the old woman was placing the tray containing h.r breakfast on the table. " Ye slumber late, my lassie," she re marked, as Maggie sprang up, all dressed a. she had thrown herself down; " ye ;mast a keep bad hours lastnight ;see" p tinted to the empty canudlestick-" yer .,mdles burnt out." "I like to burn my light all night in this ghostly place," replied Maggie, quietly, but thrilling with terror lest the dust on her clothes or some disarrange taent about the room should betray her; "andI got to rummaging among the dusty old books, too, to pass away the time 'tis awfully dull shut up in this way, my good woman." "'Wele, weal," responded the old woman. her eyes gleaming wickedly, "'"twas yer own stubborn will as brung ye ere ; wlhy dinna ye marry the young laird at once ?" " Because I was foolish, 1 dare say," said Maggie, obeying a sudden deternmin a:icn to pretend site was being conquered in order to ward off suspicion ; "but Irnl1 Angus should have been patient and n,,t shisked me off and shut me up like a 'rs?oner. I can't forgive him." "Yes, ye can," coaxed Mother Gwyn neth. " Why he done it all fur lore of ye, and hebe a br.aw young laird as any lassie need be proud to win. Ye'll for gie him an' meet him wi' a kiss when he gets back from Lunnon, won't ye toW !' MLagli tossed her head with a charm ing coquettish air. W' When does he come ?" she asked. "To- morrow, mobbe ; he thought to be goe a week, but Berkit came last night an s ays hell be back soonler--so ye may bse lkin" ver puttiest. Coom, here's yer ;rcakfiat al! hot now ; sit ye down an a-, an' don't fret any more; I shall be :asy to-day, since the young laird cooms to-'narrow." She left the room, locking it after her, sad 3Maie heard her go shuffling down the grest stairway with the blood.hound whining at her heels. lie followed the old creature wherever she went. To-morrow! Lord Angus coming back rt-morrow! Ohi, what should she. do? iftr should sire escape ? She sat for a long time in deep thought. There scemed to be no hope, sod she came to her decision in silent c Amness. If the worst came she would s?ip through the aperture, replace the s!ding panel, and lie down in the awful goamn somewhere below and die. They ,esaid never tind her for it was evident ticy knew nothing of the secret pas list it s-,ald be a dreadful end to life ca-i her ol"l father mourning over her Anl the Etrl of Strathspey! At asought of him she started up. The re me;ebrance of his white face and hunery eyes thrlled, her with new hope. Site crossed over to the table. The breakfast was very tempting and she was weak and hungry. She ate one cake, a little bit of the broiled bacon, and swallowed a mouth ful of tea; the remaindershe reserved for the poor sufferer below. Bit dare she attempt to mrke the descent by daylight What if some one should enter her roam and find the panel open, the secret stair way revealed 1 But site could not bear to let the earl famish h.,n~nh ehut t!:e loag. long day. T'.-. ý: :. foood in her apron as before . ' e.d t ;c..el-t and hurried . 'a"_n r:. r-.;;::. :;11f else was ':tt.1-". Te ;ecer, r .cliing en his . ..i her n. and. and so " ::::.. r- i?i id'e c; c.gur and milin It had seemed an eternity since she left him. She spread her breakfast before him and invited him to partake of it. "But, my little friend," he said, gravely, his eyes turning withwistful lon' Ing toward the food, in spite of his will, "I cannot prolong my life at the cost of yours-you bring me your food while you are starving !" "Oh, no-"she cried. "No, indeed. I have eaten some, and I shill have more at ioon-- pleas eat it, and try to getyour strength; you will need it all. And I mhst leave you again this moment. I. will come again; in the meantime, remain quiet, and do not despair. The darkest hour is just before the dawn." She fled away as she had come, With noiseless steps, up the spiral stairs, and back to her prison. . The morning wore away. Noon came, and a hot .September sun blazed down upon the hoary battlements; the long,long afternoon, the cool gray twilight, and at last, atlast the silent night. ' Maggio throew aside the old volume she had been trying in vaii to read, and went to the window with a sigh of relief. The day had seemed so endless, and she had loLged for the night with a vague hope. A groundless hope, alas, for there was not the most remote possibility of escape. Yet she longed with feverish im patienze for the darkness, and welcomed it now, and watched thogrmat whlite stars, flashing out in the far-off sky, with tear dimmed eyes. Her keeper came up with her supper and a tittle morsel of candle that would not last through half the night. "I won't have ye watching the night through, an' makin' a ghost o' yersel," she said; "go to bed like a gude lassie; yer brow young sweetheart will be here to-morrow." Maggie shuddered and sat down by the casement, that foolish, vague hope still tonrmenling her. She reserved her supper for the earl, intending to take it down to him by and by. Slowly the hours weint by, and she sat there counting her own heart-beats. She could hear the fir trees moaning in the September winds, and the sea beating on the sands below, and at last, after weary, weary waiting, she heard that for which she had hoped with such feverish unrest. The sweet flute-notes set to the music of the dear old song, '" The Camp bells are coming." - Assured now that it was intended as a signal to herself, she arose, in a tremor of excitement, and lit her bit of candle. Then she made her way out, and started np the dizzy stairs again. Impatience winged her feet, and she made the long and tiresome ascent very speedily. A stout wind was blowing when sh-e reached the tower-chamber, and she hurried her candle into a sheltered corner lest it should be blown out. Then she tore a strip from her apron, and twisting it into a wisp, lit it at the blaze, and hastening to the window threw it out as before. The.wind caught it and whirled it away, like a flaming pennon in the dark ness, and swift as thought, from below, came the dulcet numbers of "Highland Mary." Maggie knew that she was answered. A delicious thrill stirred her heart, and a bright bloom suffused her waxen cheeks as he gazed down the dizzy distance. She could see a man's figure crossing the barren heath below, and raising ar arm, ever and anon, with a warning gesture. She watched the dark, tall figure with fascinated eyes. It aoproached the base of the ruins with rapid steps, and then she lost sight of it. Still she did not re move her fascinated gaze, but continued to lean over the stone sill, her eyes strained down into the shadowy depths below. Ten minutes passed in dead silence I Then, all at once, a strain of exquisite melody broke on her ear. And, wonder of wonders, it came, not from the heath below, but fronm some near point; Her heart throbbed with painful rapidity, and she drew back half in terror. Ten minutes more I The great owl, startled from his roost in the ivy, flow out with a wild cry, and in the after silence the girl caught, at intervals, the sound of hoarse, panting respirations. Impelled by some emotion stronger than tier terror, she leaned far out into the night, and she caught sight of a man's head protruding above the clustering ivy. A low, 'startled cry escaped her lips. It was instantaneously answered. " Be quiet," spoke a clear, firm voice, voice that inspired her with confidence and courage; "do not fear; I am coming to helpyou." " Come on !" she responded, still look ing out. The ivy vines that clung about the lofty tower began to shake and rustle, the panting respirations camne nearer, and presently the man's head came distinctly into view-a handsome, blonde head, and a pair of shining, resolute blue eyes. Their owner was accomplishing the dar ing feat of climbing the "' Border Watch tower" by aid of the ivy vines that covered it. He camne up cautiously, but fearlessly, now clinging by his arms, now finding a foothold against the rugged masonry. Maggie grew sick and faint as she watched him, but he smiled up into her white face, as it hung over hinm in the silvery moonlight; and in another breath he swung himself up to the window-sill, and leaped in. Covered with perspiration, and almost gasping from his great exertion, his close fitting hunting-jacket'torn into shreds, his handsome face flushed, his blonde curls all in a tumble; yet Maggie knew him in an instant. Be was the young stranger who had drawn her from under the horse's feet at the "Lion and the Unicorn," and to whom she appealed for help when I ord An.us forced her away. Her eves brightened, and a lovely color rose to her che-lks. She extended her hand with a shy but exquisite grace. " I rememtber you," she said, simply; "and you hare risked your life to cometo The young man bowed, and took the cold little fiigers in his own shapely hand. "No, not quite that," he replied. '"'Twas a close thing, I'll admit, but I've a .alcnt for climbing, and the ivy is strong and safe; my life was in no danger. Blmt I'm g'ad you remenmber moe," lie added, with a flishing gIance, "because I've nerer forgotten you for one single mnonmet; sleeping or waking, your fice has haunted me. I knew yoiu ?erornot uad, as they asserted, end I determined to save you. I followed the carriage that bore you: away that night, and saw you conveyedinito this place: and tindinig no olther mode of entramcce, you stoe, 'I've climbal tie gory vulture's neast.' And now, whi?t can I do for you ut' "Help me to escape," replied Magg.ie, promptly. "If I remain till to-morrow, a fate'waorse than death wsill be miiie." lie considered a moment, his handsome face turned toward the setting moon. "First. tell me," he then replied, "' how you ever managed to get up here, if, as infer, you haIve bee' bold a prc; t soner. You surely did not ascend bj tho t secret stairway? " l "Yes, I did," Maggio replied. "I die covered it by chance, and came up here attracted by the sound of your flute; but I fancied no one knew that such a stair way existed." Thie young man smiled, showing his handsome white teeth. " You fancied rightly. 1 stumbled upon it.by chance, like yourself, 'when this old place was unoccupied anid I was hero on an investigating tour ; but I can't well believe that you had the courage to ascend it." "I did," said Maggio. "I would go through the gates of deatlh, I think, to nmake my escape.". lie flashed another glance upon her from his bright blue eyes. "Come, then," he said ; " we have no time to lose, and there is but one way. The doors and gates are barred and bolted, and hMother Gwyniecth and her blood-hound are playing sentinel. We must go down by the ivy." Maggie started in surprise, and grew a shade paler as she glanced down the dizzy distance. - "There's no danger,"-. replied the stranger, encouragingly ; "if you will only trustine, I will save you. Conie 1" He held out his hand, and Maggie drew near. "Now you'll have to cling to me with all your strength-here, this way, so that I can use my hands in descending, arid do not fear; you look like a' brave girl." She permitted him to clasp her close, while she twined her arms about his stal wart shoulders. He was just on the point of springing through the window, when she uttered a quick cry ! " Oh, I had forgotten I" she exclaimed ; " how utterly selfish I am in my eager ness to save myself. There is another prisoner in this old castle-away down in the old donjon keep, the Earl of Strath spey lies dying. We must save hist-I won't leave him behind." - The young man turned and faced her, a curious expression in his eyes. "' What do you say ?" he cried ; " the Earl of Strathspey a prisoner hero .?" "Yes--his own son, or the boy rather, who has been reared as his son, lured him here by a false letter, and locked him in the denjon to die. Providence sent me down to him, I think, and I saved his life by sharing isy food with him." "And why should this boy lure his father here, and leave himu to die ?" ques tioned the stranger, a slight tremor run ning through his clear voice. " The earl suspects that the boy is not his son, and talks of renouncing him, and the young mani wants to murder him, and secure the earldom." For the space of an instant the young man stood silent, a slow flush arising to his fair, clear-cut face. "Well." he ejaculated at last, "of all strange things, this is the strangest, the Earl of Strathspey incarcerated hiere by his son and heir. I can scarcely believe it." "It is true," cried Maggie, eagerly; "and he will die-lie looks like death now-and I have carried him no food since morning.. Oh, sir, can't you help me ?" "Of course I will-I'll rouse the oflicra of the law, and ransack this old ghost nest from top to bottom-" "But every moment is precious," inter posed Maggie; "the young'Lord Angus, as he is called, falsely enough too, for I have the proof that he is no son of the earl." -' What, soeu have the proof ?" - Y'Yes-I found it, as I seem to find everything, by mere chance, in the flan nel mantle worn by that poor little babe that was found, on the Tyrol mountain the written proof that----" "Hist I" cried the young man, catching at her arm, " there's a carriage below put out your candle, quick !" Maggie darted across to the corner in which the candle flickered, and ex tinguished it with a breath, then she turned to the window, gazing cautiously dowli. A two-wheeled vehicle containing a couple of imen was bowling up the gravel walk. In a econd they paused at thr:great gate, and one of themr l.aped out, and proceeded to unlock it. Maggie had a fair view of the other as he sat in the white moonlight. "Oh, heavens I" site whispered, her checks paling with terror, " it is Lord Angus, the earl's son ; we are lostT' "Nay," replied the stranger, "n.t lost yet. See, they have entered--?other Gwvnnetl's blood-hound bids tleni wel come. ComiUO l" He clasped her firmly with one arm and approachled the window. e" IBu the earl ?" gasped Maggie, shiver ing with terror, as shio heard the fierce baying of the beast below. " I'll save him," replied the young man, quietly ; "but you must be got into a safe place first. Come-the moments are precious." And clasping her once more, he leaped lightly through the. window and swung himself out. CHAPTER LXVIII. 'Tile IEItMrIT CAVE. "Now cling to me with all your might," he satid, gently;- l" anisd don't look down; keeP your eyes on the moon. Poor little dove, do not tremble so ; I'll not let you fall." - e swung himself out, holding on to the window-sill, and Maggio clasped him close with her lithe, young arms, her wide, brown eyes fixed upon the white Septem ber moon, dropping slowly out of sight behindthe Scottish hills. Down he went, swinging himself from one twisting vine to another, never for one moment loosen ing his firm clasp. Maggie could feel his heiart throbbing with great bounds, and hear himnt breathing in gasps, so tremend ois was his exertion. High fellowshlip begets love, it is said, and I think the old doctor's fair daughter verified the old saying, in her hazardous descent that night. If she didnot love this brave young stranger, who held her so firmly in his arms, and risked his life for her sake, with every breath he drew. hier heart was tilled with a boundless grnatitude. Down atid down, from one gnarled vine to an other, past the hoary battlements, past the mulhoned wimidows, inow euspended in mid-air, anlon slidiing down thi rugged rock, deceived by a trencherous hold, but safe at last. Maggie's feet touched the crisp, brown soil of thihe blighted heath, at the base of the great tnor : her brave knight relaxed is firm clasp, reeled tor a momentpant ing and gasping for breath, and then stood nobly erect. 'Oh, what shall I ever do to repny you ?" began Maggio, in her iratitude, but lie cut her short. " Hush," he said, grasping her hand; "we shall have the blood-hound' at our heels. Come !" . He huiried'lier across the heath, round the skirt of the fir thicket; and under the base of the mountain, toward the cavern known as the II Hermit's Cave." The entrance was n lescribably gloomy in the fitful light of the setting moon ; a great, yawning chasm opening under a rocky roof, curtained by black 1ir-branches and rank growing vines. lie smiled down upon her as they neared this dismal. entrance, something unutterably tender and reassuring in his bright, resolute eyes. "Don't be afraid, little one." he said, kindly; "you have been very brave to night. We qre safe now-a friend of mine lives in this gloomy cave-a good and wise old man, whose hospitality we must share :o-night. You can trust me, can you not 1'" ,"I can trust you," said Maggie, quietly. He led her on through a kind of rocky tunnel, dark and damp, which led at last into a wide, reverberating cavern. Away at the remote end a taper glimmered, and as they, drew near, Maggie perceived a little square compartment, formed in a turn of the cavern, fitted up as a human dwelling. At their approach an old man, wearing the. garb of an aiicient monk, with a black cowl on his head, and a white, flowing beard, appeared in the entrance. "Who comes?" lie demanded, his voice awakening a thousaind sepulchral echoes. " A friend," responded the young man. At' the sound of his voice the hermit advanced to meet them. " You are welcome, my son," he said; then his eye talliing on Maggie, who clung. toi her deliverer's arim half in terror, he added, "You have succeeded, I see come, my child,". extending his hand to her, "the hermit bids you welcome." He led her into his rude little temple, and seated her on the bench before the wood fire that blazed in one corner. " You are white and cold " lihe said, turning to a small table, and pouring some wine from a flask, "drink this, it will do you good." Maggie obeyed, and felt the rare old v tit tingling through her chilled veine, and bringing a glow to her checks. "And you, my son," continued the her mit, turning to the young man, "look worn out-a drop will renew your strength." But the young man shook his head. "No wine for me," he said, smiling, "h but a glass of cold water, if you please -and five minutes to. breathe in, then I must leave this young lady in your care, and be off again-the Earl of Strathspoy is a prisoner in the old donjon." Thio hermit turned in amazement. "TThe Earl of Strathspey a. prisoner ? How canl that be ?" " "The mai who bears his name: who has been reared as his son, has confined him there to die. " And wherefore ?' "To secure theo earldom-thl earl doubted that he was in truth his son, and talked of renouncing him." For a minute the two looked into each other's eyes, and then the hermit laid his hand upon thed young man's shoulder. "I see!" lie answered, solemnly; "lomi,,les, my son, Icavoln's justice may be slow, but it is sure !" Tihe young man sat silent an instant, and then lie arose. "I must not delay," lie said; " overy moment tells, and the carl must be rescued this nghlt." " Why not call out the proper authori ties, and have the ruins searched ?" sug gestel the hermit, "That would take time in this wilder ness," replicd the other, :" and the earl's ounemiics would be pretty sure to murder him while a pair of ollitors are pounding at the gates. No; I'll try it myself. I've climbed the lower twice to-night, and I'll make the third atteo?pt. I can get on better without help than with it." lie started down the cavern, and then turned back abruptly. "If anythinlg should befall me," lie said, coolly, "and' I 'don't- return, you will see that this young lady is restored to her friends 1" - . "I will," replied the llhermit. "But, my son, do not rishliy throw away your life." "I shall save the earl, and myself too, if possible," was his quiet answer. " I think I'm a match for Mother Grawynnethl and all her emissaries, the blood- hound included." lie took a short knife fromh a crevice overhead, and put it in his bolt as lie spoke. MIaggie watched him, with whitening checeks, her very heart sinking within her; She arose, and extended her hand. " Yoil risked your life to save me," she faltered, "and I have not even thanked you-and now- " "iMy success in saving is amnple re ward," he replied, taking her treim bling hand, .a.dsi inortaining :it - in lhis firm clasp. You ars not afraid to re maisn here?'!'" he added. - " Wlhyv do you tremble so ?" Not uafraidohl, no, not for mnyself- but for your safety,"' she mnurmnured, dropping her eyes shmyly beneath: his gore. - " A tsudden light flashed over hlier hand some face, sanit horaised the little hand ho held to his lips, with grave reverence. "Do not fear," lo'replied, gently; "I shall conic to no lharm. Fnarewell !" Ho turned again to go, butlooked back, struck withl a sudden remembrance. "You.said you had ir'oo;" ihe said, " that this man who bears the earl's name is not his son. May I ask what proof 1' Maggie resumed her seat, and, with a deprecating glance, and a morcmlent of exquisite grace and modesty, removedl the boot from hier dainty foot, and extracted the yellow ipaper from its hiding place be necath thie lining. ' I put it there for safe keeping," she explained, as shohisndcd it to the young man. "I had only found it when I was drugged and forced fromi house." He ran it over with his keen blue eyes, a lhot flush mounting to his cheeks. Then hlie passaed it to tlhe hermit. "Little girl," he said, turning again to Maggie, " I think there is some power, higher and mnore divine tlhan miere chance, t work for. us nil to-iigliht' Y0ou will tlilk'so to, by and by. Gocd-byo.'" Andiwith a bow and similc, he dis: appeared, and MIaggio was left nlono in tlh hormit's cave. S. "'b cointi?cd. 