METROPOLITAN MHMS. Western Australia is not going to [liny ;i lone lmml in her attempt to ilie benefits of self-government. I'ho matter was brought up during the week. and the general expression of opinion was that the other colonies =h mild help the Cinderella. Practi cal steps have already' been takon to secure concerted action, though judg ing from the latest cable advices on the subject the English Government intend to throw the Enabling Bill overboard, and tlicro is in conse quence very littlo chance of the matter being decided until next year. I was talking the matter over with Mr John Dillon, M.P., recently, and lie expressed himself strongly in favor of placing our western sister on the same footing as the other Austra lasian colonics; but the objection urged against giving the colony power to manage its own concerns lie says comes principally from Radi cals, who contend that it would be come a happy hunting ground for those who go upon the principal of gathering in vast estates. It is a wonder this “ Kiama ghost ” of nn ob jection was not made when Queens land on one happy day obtained sep aration, and the right to self-govorn ment. Whilst talking with Mr Dillon wo compared the positions of the colonies which had free Government and those governed by the Crown direct. He told mo that some of the good grandomtherly folk in the British Isles, were of opinion that Australia would he much happier and much better off if governed from Downing-street. Fancy a compari son between Jamaica and New Zea land, or between the Cape and Aus tralia. After all what are Jamica and the Cape ? What is their trade with Great Britain compared with ours ? There is one thing, however, which may cause uneasiness to the conservative British mind, and that is that under her free forms of Go vernment, the energy of her people and the development of her resources there are arising in Anstralia all the elements of national imlependsnce— the independence of a great nation. However, it would be just as easy to imprison a snnbean ns to stifle the growth of that feeling. Western Australia ninst come into the fold of Australia federated. That is the reason the leaders of public opinion in the older colonics wish to see her possessed of her own Government. Another point was discussed daring our conversation ; it was the matter of the appointment of Colonial Go vernors. I am glad to say Mr Dillon is quite at variance on this point with the extreme section in Austra lia—I mean the extremely anti-British section. His idea is that the sugges tion that the colonies should appoint their own Governors is altogether impracticable. “ The Governor is a figure- head,” saidhc, l: an official and social fignre-head with no power in the actual Government of the colony. The more ho is recognised to be a figure-head the hotter for the colony. Once elect him, and yon make him a man of importance who, strong in his idea of being a personal represen tative, may work no end of trouble. And besides, to he the representative of ibe Imperiat Government he mnst be appointed by them. For the sake of the colonies themselves, I hope they will never grow to favor tho idea of making tho Governor a strong element in their political life.” These views are worth thinking over. 