IIE R O D E TO W I N . 1 1 did not know you had so much poetry in your composition,' observed Mrs. Anstruthor languidly. Leila Mursdcn arranged the delicate laco at her wrist with an air of abstraction. ' llo is very good-looking and ho ridus splendidly,' bIi said. ' ami he—or—he tion, you know.' 'As: to do with the case". You must got undTemplo is just tho man for you. As for the other ouo. hs'll get over it mtimo;they always do. You are surely not going to tvoublo your silly little head about him Miss Marsden rose and walked acrosB the room to tho vorandnh. * I'll think about it-,' sho said, half turning in tho doorway to glanoo back at her sister. 4 I'll think about it, and I'll mako up wy mind this evening. There 2 I a promise more than that, can 1, ltosc r You satisfied, aren't you ?' ' Yes, I am satisfied,' replied Mrs. Anstnithcr; and, us she dozed through tin; long after noon that followed, she allowed hor sister t< figure very prominently in her dreams as tlit wife of friMor Temple Arhurten, of the Hussars, anu future imronet. Sizimbrid is famous for its pretty girls ; but prettiest aud most striking of nil was Leila Marsdon at the iace hall that ght. 4 Jiac ;ppliotl to it; but the arrival of regiments on their way to the frontier had stirred up Sizirabad to sjjorls on thrco days of tho week, tho race ball intervening. ' You'll come down to sue the finish to- Miss Marsden V asked Tommy Campbell, the wit of Sizirabad, as ho strollo'd up to Leila that evening aud asdeed her for a dunce. • There's tho cup race coming off, you kuow, and the ladies' handicap, and the raco Willoughby ridea'to win—the ouc,with tholady- ! . . ' What do you mean?'.askod Leila, laugh-' 4 Ho means the ladies' prize race,' said Mnjor Arburton, standing close behind hor, and glowering at Campbell over hcrshoulder. 4 And is Mr. Willoughby rmito likely to win it asked Leila, somewhat ludiffereiilly. 4 The bottiug is all on him ; but Iio'h cot a ticklish mount, and I don't like that left-hand corner of the course. With a pulling horse and a vicious brute into the bargain, you stand a rare chanco of jumping the hedge and disappearing down tho precipice. Can't imagine tlondish hmd ; but tho advantages of India. Beg your parJon, Miss Marsden, didn't mean a pun.' Aud ho disappeared among the d-.mcorts with a comical look on his face, while Leila laughed forcedly and turned to her partner. 4 How odd ho is !' she said. 4 By tho way, what horse is Mr. Willoughby going to rido to- morrow in tho ladies' race ?' 1 Ono of mine—Mazeppa. You seem to tako a great interest in that fallow Willougby' ^jealously). * Not at all. Ho is rather a friend of my Bister's,' replied Loila carclessly. ' Are not you going to ride in this interesting race, Major Ar- Thc mixed sentiment jarred on Loila; but li was rich, in a good regiment, with excellent prospects. What mattered it that lie was far boj'ond thirty, nud no longer so uliiu u6 lie hud been ? It was a good match for a penniless girl, uud ho had no choice, and so, long beforo tho evening was over, people wore whispering together concerning Miss Marsden and Major Arburton, and a report flew about thut ho had proposed and been accepted. The truth or otherwise of such statements was not to bo read on Leila's faco. To all outward observance she was as calm end haughty and beautiful as ever. Nouo knew that she looked at her programme over and over .again, to mako sure that thero was no mistake, and that the initials 4 C. C. W.' scrawled against the fifteenth video made her await that dance with a sickeuing hour!. It camo at last. Tho band struck up the strains of a well- known vulsc, the room began to fill, and presently Leila Marsden, with paler cheeks than usual, and a straDge baiting of the heart, was floating rouud with Charlie Willoughby us partner. ' Shall we sit the rest out?' he asked, whon thoypauRcd at length. Loila bent her head in assent, and they passed out of the rcom ou to tho long, low verandah, somewhat to tho dismay of licr sister, who had watched them eagerly while together. The moonlight threw tho girl's palo face and tall, slight figure into strong relief against tho dark yerandjui background. • Charlie Willoughby Waned against a pillar overrun w Lib. crccper, und looked at her fixedly. He made no excuse for himself, nor did he break the silence between them.. His eyes searched her facc as though he would read there what he dared not trust himself to hear. Presoutly Leila spoko. Hor voice sounded faint and far away, even to herself. 4 1 hear,' she said pleadiuely, 4 that you are going to rido a very vicious iiorsc tomorrow in tho ladies' prizo race. Please don't ride it; please do not.' 4 And I hear that you aro engaged to marry Major Arburton' (without tho slightest reference to her appeal). * Is that truo, Leila, — not'?' She looked down and traced a little pattern on the stone floor with her foot. • Is it true, or is it not?' ho repeated fiercely. She lifted her eyes to his, and saw there the passion which trembled in hie voicc. Don't be angry; oh, do not!' sho cried, putting up her hand with a depredating gesture; 4 thoy have made mo do it. I am a burden to my sister, you know; and I couldn't stand it any longer; and ho is not so bad ; but I lovo. you tho best—oh, so much the best! You.know it: pnly I—I—I am so miserable. 'Doubtless,' ho said gravely, Dover for i instant removing his eyes from the fair, piteous face; 4 so am I—verysmiserable, so havo I been for the. past month ; but my misery doesn't seom to touch you much. So you arc going to riiariy this Croesus, this elderly futuro baronet, and throw me over quite, are you, Leila?' She twisted and untwisted her hands nervously, but made no reply. 4 And you are good enough to take sufficient interest in me to wish me not to break my neck to-morrow?' She was still silent 4 Very good. -Then listen to me. . I rido to- I ^ gjjfl J J^jQ f0 ^Jj^ —, JJJ^ J^pQ .... {Q ft Q the prize. Yes, you—do not look so startled' or I riilo to—novar mind lass. If I win I hlmll eonfljiito or' nil tlio..i"M"»nor She hciiHior head. Could kIiu avui-1 under' ' It licH with you,'ho went on steadily. ' You know my Iior*e, v»u know tho rjicoi-'unsf, vou know ine. If to-mornm- buforo (starting vou bid him vide-to win. vcrv j?iwhl: if ««»t— 'V\w mubichuB begun again, tthrtll 1 take you hack loyouroldorly future barouclr' « Sry dour Leila, what nntisuiso fiiod M». Auh1 niShor. ' Hub vourohcuks, child, and drink this wine. Yon htokns white a ghost, jmd unhappy. Not go to tho raoiv. ! You 2 ovnryono Haying it iu all off again, is ullou. It is too aggravating of you roally.' tho day following tho ball. Loila, in her Bister's room, wus nttnrly vofn^ng to ompany her to tho racccuurc, nn-l oquully positivo iri hor refuHiil to hco Major Arburton. 4 I know what it in,' Mm. Auufnithir wont on augrilv ; ' that hoy h-m lioon talking lionst'iieo to Vou. It was too foolish of you to give htm h dance lust night. If I hud known of tt I should Lavo taken you hoiiif ino-it. cor- 4 Ho' did not talk iionseiisi-. au-1 ho is. nut foolish, nor is ho a boy.' niontly ; and then sho gave into copious weeping. 4 At. any rale, ho is only a euh-]ii;iitontint.,niid cannot possibly havo inoro tfian live hundred a. year. And wliat. is moro, In; doesn't moan it Hcriously with you. If you throw over Ma jor Arburton now you will ho throwing him over for nmereshudow. Evorvbody knows what a flirt Ho niakos lovo to every That isuIt-tj:iio ttowdui -mwl-Lofo. rHU c olTort at «lrying her tears. • _ 4 H'm! How about Fanny Hope,, and ono or two others I could mention Silence. 4 And how alwut his'dobtu ?' Silence. * Aud his gambling—and thatactrcss, and ' Loila sprang to her feet. 4 I won't litton any more 1' «hc ci-icd. 4 I da cave for him, »nd I hate Major Arburton, aud I won't marry him, aud 1 will not go to tho races to-day.' Mrs. Anstrutiicr gi'cw palo. Shr felt her hi6t chancc was goiug. 4 Then I nhall linvo lo romind you,' she said llrnily, ' that. ] sujijiort all my brothers .1 sisters nil their I did my best for Null, mid I j my best for you. You seem to forgot that 1 havo children of my own to bo brought, np. counted on your marrying j I did not. count on your throwj able chancc.' It wus cruel, but it had it« turned vcrv white, thon who mo 1 I TVlll go With you,' BhUHttid.fi > the i tho vailed among the fair sex as to who would win it. Leila alone eat calm and unmoved among the spcctntoro. She did not fccem to licor or seo unytliing, till suddenly thero wus a little stir and bustlo, and murmurs of ' Of cotirso he'll win.' 4 He's sure of tho raco,' ' 1 feci inclined to congratulate you already, Mr. Willoughby, you look ho like winning,' clc. Tho hero of tho racc took little m»tic:o «f such like renittiks. 11c innde his way to Lcilii and bent low over Iter, 4 Which is it to bcV ho asked. For an instant earth mid skv r.!f;3rtl round her, thon her brain cloaml, and'^ho sciw bin face, rosoluto, haudHome. deypurstt*.*. She h. sit.ited for ono instant, thou sho hjiuIcu : 4 Hide to win.' The words were so low ho could scarcely hear thorn, but whon he turned away thore was a smile in h s e/en. Tho horsus and their riders wore drawn up in a line. Jjcila ntrained hor eves to waf.clj ovorv movement of hlackantl white, Mr. Willmighby's colours. Tilax.cppa ii-lgotrid nud v:iu;, r ht nt tho bit. There was m " ' ' was dropped ; tin: siloncc, then gnu mall ono, mid Ok to be Dund. Majo ;rcd ii s M.wi'l-' 4 Biuc's to tho front; no. yoh'ow'.s j>u.ihin^ up ; no, that's Muidon. Stick to ii. Moldon. Willoughby's passed him. By Jov ! bo's got his work cut out for him with that horse. Now they're ncek and neck. Good race. No, Willoughby's gaining; no, Meldon; no—by A scream from one of the lad[o.5, a general consternation in.the grand staud, a tsuddon ces=atiori of- interest iu tho racc. Cliariio. Willoughby Tode to win, but the providericothe. .' lmd'tlarod ^ydiBcaitsnli-lri "hiin.--^Cniuppf.; ,--,"'. ITadwwed .the'.bitbbhveeuhisteetii, allied away. - from 'thV 00 ' 1 **®®!l&tipirig; the frail protection of a hedge which separated it frnin tho side -of the hill, had disappeared with his rider. 1 was a narrow shavo, nud no mistake,' Charlie Willoughby, going over the ctorv for the hundredth tituo with his wifo the eocond month of their marriage. ' But tho host part of it all was v. hon I knelt down bcts:de you and would not I on v.: you,' laughed Leila. 'I shall m.-vcr forgut Major Arburton's face, nor hi* words next «lnv, when he told me all was over hstwoun ua, ;m.l that tho best thing 1 could do, nfler having made exhibition of myself, was to marry young puppy." ' 1 that No." said hor husband tendorly ; 4 Iho best part of it ail was that I rode to win, and that I did win—what I most wantea—my wife.'— London World. 