©be èpîmq> á-Bonuncj 5}rraHj TUhSDAT, JULY 2, I8S9. IT was reported yesterday that a " creep " bad ecurred io the Linwood Colliery; but it is stated otbal the Examiner of Coalfields and tho Inspector of Collieries have pronounced it to be safe. LOHD CARRINGTON, who arrived in Bathurst yes- terday for thi» purpose of laying the key atone of a new Masonio hall, received a hearty reception, and was presented with addresses by tho Mayor and aldermen of the borough and the local Mason?. TnE British rovonuo returns for tho past quartor show an increase of £66,000 over the corresponding quarter of laBt year. THERE is no fiesh news in connection with tho Glebe Colliery disaster, but the rescue party is still hard at work. Mr. Gregson, general superintendent of the A. A, Company, has written a letter in whioh he expresses tho distress of himself and the direc- tors at the catastrophe. SEVEN men have been indicted for murder by the grand jury who have chargo of the case arising out of the murder of Dr. Cronin in Chicago. TUN Shah of Persia has arrived in London. Mu. WILLIAM O'BRIEK has been roarrestod because of statements made in a speech at Tip- perary. TOE Hon. John Davies, O.M.G., anpeared at the Water Police Court yesterday, in answer to a sum- mons charging him with the misappropriation of threo chequos, during the timo that he acted as Chairman to the Casual Labour Board. Several witnesses having been examined the case was ad- journed until to-day. THE arrival of the Right Rev. Dr. Higgins, Roman Catholio Auxiliary Bishop of Sjdnoy, was celebrated yesterday b3' a dinner given hy Cardinal I Moran. The company included nearly all the ie piesenttitive olerics and laymen of the city and suburb--. , AN inquiry was held yesterday afternoon by the Marine Board with rpgnid to the missing ship Bay of Cadiz. She was taken out to sea last October by n pilot ; she was theo stanch and sound, and no opinion could be given as to the cause of her non-appearance. A SETTLER Tiding between Toik and Beverley, | WoBtern Australia, discovered on the railway line ! eeiious obstructions extending for a distance of a mile and thiee-quarters. A woman arrested on eus picion is believed to be insane. AT the annual meoting of the Hawkesbury I District Agricultural Association, held at Wiudsoi j yesterday, the I alance on the year's operations was ! reported to be £177. I AFTER a three days' sittiDg, the jury who in- | quired into the recent fire at Whappeiidilly, hy I which bay, the property of Mr. James Smart, was destroyed, roturned un open verdict, and suggested ¡"that the Govorument should offer a toward for the , conviction of the offender. , ON Saturday night a railway train left the rails at Oamberwidl, near Melbourne, and ploughed into the ground alongaido. Some delay was caused, but ! no perbonal injury was done. VERY cold weather, with falls of snow, wns ie- ' ported from a number of up- country districts . yesterday. , THE Customs authorities at Melbourne have .eired 75 copies of a work which it ii alleged ia an infringement of the Copyright Act, ai it contains engravings from Dor&'a illustration! of Danto's Interno. A MAN named Roland, living at Nowcasllo, lias boon killodbv falling dowiiitmra. PntsciPAL RAINA-, D.D., from Iho Freo Church College, Edinburgh, who is now on a visit to No»r South WaloB, last night reoeived a wolcotno from tho Presbytery of Sydney, and gave an address at a publio meeting which wai afterward» hold. IT is stated thst tho Melbourne Exhibition has been a great BUCCOSS, it being maintained that tho ! direct coat to tho colony, £230,000, has been moro than recouped in other directions. AT the Parramatta Polio» Court yesterday Robert M'Koown was charged with an infringement of lha Electoral Act, in connection with his voting at tho Into Central Cuml ovlnnd election, but as tho magis- trate thought that ho bad acted in ignoranco the CASO was dismissed. Tnn permanent building« oonnootod with tho Holbourne Centennial Exhibition havo boon for- mally handed over to tho Exhibition Trustees. Tnn Premier was ontortniatd at a banquet at Bourke last night. Replying to tho toast of his health, he said that during hia political lifo bia great object had been to obtain for Now South AVn'os. the first placo in the group of Australian colonies. IN replying to a deputation who desired a bill to bo introduced into tho Brisbane Par- liament this session to amend the Licensing Act so as to allow of compensation to bolders of licenses and property-holders, Mr. Moorhead promised consideration to the matter, but added that the question of compensation required very serious consideration. Mr. DAVIS has rctiicd from the Redfern election, and Mr. Schey has come forward as a protectionist. TrtE Australian Natives Association held a meet- ing la«t night, at which the report of the com- mittee dealing with the new rules was considered. THE Victorian Government has, up to date, granted 650 free railway passes to the unemployed of the colony. THE barque Hindoo has gone aground at Melbourne. Tn>: death is announced of Prince Taifone, heir to the throne of Tonga. THE Eureka patent burning works for the treat- ment of night Boil end other garbage were opened with Borne ceremony at Newcastle yesterday. THE licenced victuallers of Redfotn have re- solved to obtain from each candidate for Parliamen- tary honours a definite expression of opinion as to whether they will support certain amendments in the Lioensing Aot. An old man named Peter Farrell was killed by a tram at tho corner of Park and Elizabeth streets, last night A JEWELLER who was arrosted in Hobart, and was being taken to England by tho s.S. Coptic, escaped from custody at Rio do Janeiro. The pnce of the Legislative Assembly is "uncertain. Sometimes it is that of the hare, and sometimes it is that of the tor- toise. On one occasion the greater part of the sitting is spent in talkiug adjourn- ment. On another, the -work that might ordinarily have required a week for its performance is done in a single evening. On Friduy laßt Mr. J. P. ABBOTT'S bill for enabling the Municipal Council of Wentworth to carry out an irrigation scheme on the town com- mon poseed through the stages of second reading and committee and was reported, and the third reading was made an order of the dny for to-day. Now this measure contains more than fifty clauses. It i deals with largo interests. It has a beurhig upon certain questions of general policy. Many a measure of inferior importance has occupied a longer time in discussion before the second reading thun was given to this bill in debating the second rending and in con- sidering it in committee. It is not easy to account for this variableness. It is not desirable that there should be excessive dis- cussion, or that there should be a deficiency of discussion in any case ; but it is certain that the excess in one case cannot be cor- rected by the deficiency in another, or that a true balance may be struck by reversing the proeess. On the whole, especially as there is a second Chamber, it is a relief to find that the Legislative Assembly is able occasionally to throw off the habit of gar- rulity which ao frequently inferieres with its efficiency. 'Ihe matter with which the bill deals is of a somewhat peculiar character. It appears thut the irrigation colony of Mildura, which is situated about eighteen miles from "Wentworth, is becoming so attractive that Wentworth, the far older settlement, is in danger of being depopulated. That is a process which should be checked by any lawful means ; and tlrfe proposal contained in the bill is that it shall be stopped, if possible, by the influence of a counter attraction similar in kind. Attached to the town of Wentworth thete happens to be a very large common, 21,000 acres in extent. At present its value is comparatively slight, for it is only of uso for running sheep at tho rate of one to eight acres. The belief of the Town Council, however, in which body the control of the common is vested, is that this wilderness, or at least 14,000 acres of it, could be conveniently irrigated, and then divided into irrigation farms and let at a profitable rental. The execution of this work would tend to prevent the population drifting away, and would perhaps attract additional population to the spot for the beneficial employment of capital and labour. It is therefore proposed to convert the Municipal Council of Wentworth into an irrigation trust, endowed with the powers tbut muy be necessary for the execution of the project. But a portion of the common is to bo reserved for ordinary purposes. The bill was nut supported, but neither Avns it very strenuously opposed, by the | Government. The MINISTER for MINI'S suggested that it should be postponed until j a comprehensive measure providing for I waler conservation and irrigution through- . out the colony could be introduced by the | Government. In this he was sup- j I ported by Mr. LVNK on the Opposition ! side of tho House, but the second j reading wits agreed to without division. | The fact is that the objection to small | mensures because comprehensive ones are | under consideration has been raised so frequently that it is beginning to lo3e its force. The power of Parliament to pass comprehensive measures is limited, and the country is beginning to be tired of waiting ior vrhat is desiiable, and to piefer Avluit may seem to be attainable without unreasonable delay. Besides, in this in- stance theie is a special plea of urgency. WoutAvorth may not be a place of the first importance, but the interests that centie there aie too considerable to permit tho prospect of the depopulation of the dis- trict to be regarded AvitU satisfaction : and if progress can be substituted for retrogression it ÍB worth straining a point for the purpose. Added to this there is tho w consideration that the experiment would bo of value to the country. I Mr. LATÍS expressed the bolief that if the bill Avero passed tho future pnssago of a large measure to deal with water - conservation as a Avholo would bo blocked by it. AVe do not think that belief lias a solid foundation. Tho passing of a Local Government Bill has been hindered by other onuses than the creation of the ex- isting municipal bodies, and the formation of an irrigation trust having jurisdiction over so small an arenas 14,000noies ought not to stund in the way of the effective treatment of thogenernl question. In passing a general measure-a thing which may not be done for two or three years to come -Parliament would not be bound to follow the lines laid down in this particular case, if experience and further consideration should indicate the expediency of depart- ing from them. At the Avorst, the case of the AVent^vovth Irrigation Trust would only vary from the case of other trusts subsequently created ; but it might bo found possible before the bill passes to in- troduce a provision by menus of which the Wentworth Trust could be brought within ' the operation of a general water- conserva- j tion Act. The draft bill which. Avas prepared by the Royal Commission some years ago proA*ided for the creation of a Board of I Water Conservation which should exercise a certain degree of control and supervision j over the action of local water trusts. This | Arrangement commends itself to approval j on the ground that it would promote uniformity, efficiency, and economy. Local action is to be encouraged by all means. The Government is already overloaded Avith work, and should look with jealousy upon anything that would tend to enlarge ita operations. On the other hand, tuero is probably no i torm of enterpiiso which would stand in greater need of central supervision and control than undertakings for the con- servation and distribution of water. The presumptions is, that Avliatever general Act may be passed it Avili embody provision for local action and central control, and such provisions are to bo found in Mr. ABBOTT'S bill as it left the Committee. Whilst the bill was in Committeo some amendments wore made at the instance of the Government. One of these empowers the Government to dissolve the trust, and to take over all land, works, &c;, if it should appear necensary to do so in the publio interest, Another amendment giA-es the Government conttol in regulating tho quantity of water to be taken by the trust. Another amendment, proposed by the MINISTER for MINKS, provided that the Government should have power tu cause an inspection, and to suggest alterations or itnpiovements. This, however, was re- jected, and apparently without sufficient reason. The right to iuspect should surely ho regarded ns complementary to tho light to dissolve the tiui-t and take tho , works over. But perhaps this discrepancy may yet he corrected. There is trouble ngniniu Africa. Cable- grams received duiing tho la«t two or three days announce the fact that Portugal has cancelled concessions gi anted a few year«) ago to the Delagoa Bay and Gold- fields Kailway Company. The' result of this action is great excitement among English capitalists, and a desire on their part for reprisals against Portugal tobo net on foot by the Home Government. The exact circumstances which have led to the pre- sent deadlock the cables do not inform us ; but, from past event«, and from a knowledge of the general situation in South Africa, we can arrive at the forces at work which have produced tho imme- diate trouble. The secret of the diffi- culty lies in Portuguese and German jealousy _ of Fngli^h enterprise. The Delagoa" and Goldfields railway, which runs westward from Delagoa Biy to the De Kaap goldfield in the Transvaal, wns built largely bj* English capital. There is another rich gold region nour Pretoria. The Transvaal Government carne to nn airangement with the Portu- guese authorities for the construction of a line that should complete the connection between Pretoria und the coast. The Trans- vaal goldfields have developed greutiy in the past three years, and a large amount of capital is sunk.in them. This capital is chiefly German and Dutch, though there is also a good deni of Freuch money invested there. English capitalists having put money in the Delagoa and Gold- fields ruilway have boen advancing their interests also in the Transvaal. The Boers have always been jealous of English com- mercial aggression, and suspicious of London capitalists. From the Portuguese they have bad little to fear, for the policy of Portugal until lately has been one of laissez faire. The Boers have looked to German and Dutch support in their development of the Transvaal, and it has not been -wanting. If the Boers ure suspicious of English com- mercial aggression the Germans aro antagonistic to it, and the secret of the present trouble seems to lie in pressure that has been brought to bear on the Portu- guese to go back from their treaty with the Delagoa Bay and Goldfields Eailway Com- pany and co crush the investment of j English capital, and retard British enter I prii-e. i But thin has been all the easier to | accomplish from the fact that the Portu I guetie have of late wuked up to the fact of I ¡ how important their territory is to the ! Boers and Germans and also the English, , j and how the real development of the j j Transvaal depends upon their good j | will. The territory owned by Portugal ia the highway to Delagoa Bay and to the sea, and it was possible for the Portuguese Government to have got very ad van tu- I geous terms for the conduction of the two I lines of railway that it was intended should connect Pretoria with the coast. What the j precise terms were we do not know, but j whether fair or not to the Portuguese the , present action seems unjustifiable. It is the ! old question of the war of races, -working in this case chieily through speculators. The present crisis was unexpected, and for j that reason there can be little doubt that it was carefully matured, and that in fluencos were brought to bear upon the Portuguese authorities, to precipitate this action, which is not in accord with their previous attitude to the other Powers in either East or West Africa. Everything pointe to the fact that the pressure which moved thom waa German. The Germans cannot be blamed for pushing their interests in every legitimate Aviiy ; but there can bo no defence offered for a policy which would tend towards tho repudiation of ogreements such as that into which the Portuguese authorities entered with the Delagoa Railway Company. To get command of the highway to tho sea from their rich territories would naturally be the ambition of the Boers, and to tho advantage of those German and Dutch capitalists who havo sunk their money in the mineral districts of tho Transvaal and in the Pretoria rail- way. The cablegrams have said that the Delagoa line has boen torn up, that an English driver has been killed, and that British residents havo demanded the assist- ance of Lord SALISBURV. Mutters must be j serious when protection is thus demanded. What Lord SALISBURY will do cannot be predicted Avitli accuracy, but if the same policy is pursued at Delagoa as has been followed in West Africa, in Zanzibar, in Samoa, and elsewhere, we shall only have promises of inquiry, and assurances of protection, and in the end the British resi- dents Avili have to right out this battle alone, unless more pressure than usual is brought to bear upon the English Govern- ment. What Prince BISMARCK would do in such a case it is not hard to conjecture. Though he is not, ns he says himself, a " colonial enthusiast," he takes very good care to stand by German colonists and German capitalists, wherever they are. In Samoa BISMARCK worked not for territorial acquisition so much as commercial supremacy, but he backed his colonists up Avith men-ot'-Avar. In East Africa ho upheld the piocoedings of the East African Company, and on the south- western coast in Kamaqualand, where both English and German interests have been established, the great CHANCELLOR. has extonded a protectorate over Ger- man tr.ide, Avhile England, although the natural protector of the country, has left it severely alone. All the Avny np the western coast to Sine gal practically tho same conditions exist. The encouragement and protection afforded Gorman and French colonists from Berlin and Paris have developed their possessions out of pioportion to those of British colonists, although the latter in muny parts wpre first in the field. The pressure of French and German aggression has nt, lenyth aroused English colonists, and to somo extent the English Government, from lethaigy ; and this has boen the case also in the Trans vnnl and at Delagoa. German und Dutch capital bus given tho cue for English, capital, and now comes the tug of Avar. And standing between is Portugal, which on ihe Avest has been waked up by the same means that broke the sleep of England, and is now not only feeling her impoi tance, but is using it, and in doing so is playinq: into the hands of the strongest local power. . Portugal, once tile great colonising power of the Avorld, has long since cetised'to "besuch, and it'is'not probable that this is the beginning of another cycle of colonisation, but it may be the commencement of -i polic}- of inter- ference whioh Avili necessitate action on the part of the English Government, whether it wills so or not. Treaties must be kept at Delagoa as at Lisbon if there is to be peace between the nations. The popula- tion of South and South-western Africa is of so mixed a kind, and the conditions of Government are so varied, that the only safety lies in well-digested treaties and in rigid adherenco to them. British settlement in tho Transvaal and in the Delagoa district must always be limited, but such as there is should be protected and encouruged as consistently if not in the same fashion as Prince BISMARCK protect* German interests wherever they may be. According to our Brisbane correspondent, the PREMIER of QUEENSLAND has sent to the head of this Government an intern perate and ill-advised letter respecting the case of the immigrant girls who were recently dealt with at the Sydney Water Police Court, The defendants had committed a bieach of the Queens- land Immigration Act, and Avere brought betöre the Deputy Stipendiary Magistrate, Avho was asked to remand them to Brisbane, to bo dealt with under the Queensland laAv. Instead ol' doing so, the ma- gistrate discharged them, on condition that they paid into court £20, the amount which the Queensland Government was under- stood to have contributed towards their passage-money. This decision has greatly disturbed tho Queensland Government, and Ave have the PREMIER talking wildly about the " extraordinary in- capacity" of the magistrate, who is said to hiiA'o condoned an offence Avith which his office did not empower him to deal. The annoyance Avhich is felt by the Queensland Government eoVi be easily understood. The provisions of the Immi- gration Act have been wjpetvtedly evaded, and if these girlR had boon sent back to Brisbane a Avholesome warning would have oeen conveyed to other immigrants. But the chance has been missed, and the responsibility is placed upon the shoulders of the Sydney magistrate, who ia charared with incapacity of an ex- traordinary kind. 'J'ho' Queensland PBE Mii-R, who writes sucfh a strong letter, will i be surprised to leura, peihaps, that in cen- suring the Stipendiary Magistrate he has by implication censured tho Government of New South Wales. When the question was raised by Mr. BUCHANAN in the Legis- lative Council, Mr. SALOMONS, who repre- sents the Ministry, said that the magistrate had put a proper interpretation upon the controlling section of the Act under which tho proceedings were brought, and the same view of the cabe was taken by Sir WILLIAM MANNING. The cuiious thing is that the Queensland PREMIER blames the magistrate for exorolsing a discretion which is ex- pressly <!onferred by the very Act under Avhich. the proceedings were tuken. The .girls were arrested and prose- cuted under the Fugitive Offenders Act, which empowers the magistrate to deal ' with A case as trivial, and settle it in any sJ-way he thinka proper. Mr. LEE exercised . ^ this discretion, and both Mr. SALOMONS | and Sir WILLIAM MANNINO say that he, exercised it rightly. Thero is, be- sides, judicial authority for the course which was taken. Mr. SALOMONS quoted a case in which a man left New Zealand and came to New South Wales without com- plying with an order for the mainte- nance of his wife and children. The Magistrate made an order for his return, but on appeal to the Supreme Court two of the learned Judges held that the disobedience to the order might be treated as being within the term " a trivial offence *'-not the desertion of the man's wife and children, but his disobedionce to the order for the payment of the money. The third Judge thought otherwise, but the Court made an order that on the defendant's entering into a bond to pay the money into the hands of the INSPKCTOII-GENEIIAL OP POLICE, with costs, ho should not, be returned to New Zealand. The point in this case was the same as that raised in the recent proceedings at the Water Police Court. The magis- trates in both instances considered that the offence with which the defendants were charged came under the description " trivial," and dismissed them on the pay- ment of money. Mr. LEE made a mistake as to the amount which the Queensland Government had paid to bring out the girls ; but, apart from that error, his action seems to be unimpeachable. The Queensland PREMIER has placed himself in a false position by bis rash and dictatorial letter. He would do well to withdraw it. I If Juliet had been alive now we could have convinced her that t;bere ÍB some- thing in a name after all. Our New York correspondent tells us that there is a growing disposition in the United States to favour what is called the Australian system of voting hy ballot. In America, where the ballot hu« existed for years, it has been a system of secret voting in name only, and those who wish to make the secrecy a reality, as .well as a form, have been long urging the adoption of the system as it is carried out with us. As a matter of fact, precisely the same system is carried out in England, and those Americans who dislike the change brand it with that term. Just at prevent there is a great wave of anti-English feeling passing over the American people, and there is no more cutting sneer than to say " so English, you know." The friends of the real ballot, therefore, have been fighting very hard to get it called the Australian system, for the Americans have not at present any preju- dices against Australia. They look upon us as a coming young republic about to follow in their footsteps, and are therefore willing to patronise an infant community against which they have no grudges, and of which they can have no fear. For that reason the word Australian is as popular as the word English is un- popular, and our name is really a political force in the current political struggle in america, ond it is BO simply in virtue of a prejudice. Our correspondent, speak- ing of tho ballot, says : " Such is the frailty of human nature that it is posst tively asserted that had it been exclu- sively an English institution, it would not have had the ghost of a chance of adoption in this country." It is certainly curious that after a hundred years of inde- pendence, and when America has outgrown the mother- country in popu- lation, there should be such an intense dislike of copying any of the poli- tical institutions of the mother-country, especially when we remember that the original settlers took over with them from the old land all their ideas of political government and liberty, and that even at this day three-fourths of American poli- tical institutions and American jurispru- dence are, mutatis mutandis, simply Eng- lish ideas transplanted and developed into luxuriant growth under new and favourable conditions. His Excellency the 'Governor, nccompanied by the Hon. Rupert Carrington, A.D.O., left Redfern Tailway station by the ordinary train at 10 o' lock yesterday morning for Bathurst The ceremonies arranged for during Lord Cnrrington's visit to Bathurst are a leveo, to take place at 10 o'clock this morning, to be followed by tho funotion of laving the memorial stone of the Masonic Hall, which is to be performed at noon. This will bo succeeded by a banquet, after which a concert will take plaoe. His Excellency will probably return to Sydney by the ordinary train on Wednesday after- noon. AiTrn the sir questions »hich commonoa tho business paper of the Legislative Assembly for to- day is the further consideration in Committco of the Whole of tho Crown Lnnds Bill, which will probably occupy the whole of tho sitting. Among the orders of the day in private business there are tTo which will most likelv bo taken ns formal. Theie are-Mr. J. Abbott to movo the third rend- ing "of the Wentworth Irrigation Bill ; and Mr, Howe to move the third reading of the City of Redfern Naming Bill. TnE Minister for Works, Mr. Bruce Smith, re- commended to a deputation of municipalities that waited on him ln«t month concerning certain amendments in the Water and Sewerage Act, that thev should appoint a committee to confer with him so that some understanding mijtht be arrived at as to the matters complained of. Tho deputation ' have not yet redeemed their promise, and the Ministor seeing that some weeks have elapsed sinco he made the proposal for a conferonco has deter- mined to take action before Ion?, independently of tile deputation. ON "Friday last tho Minister of Works pent the following telegram to Mr. G. Gordon, hydraulto engineer, Melbourne:-"The Minister of Works wants a report at once on the eubjeot of mitigating the floods in the Hunter Uiver. In 1870 a Royal Commission reported on the subject, so that there ar.t plenty of data. You are required to investigate the matter and see if any remedy is pofsible. Can you como; ond, if so, when ?" Mr. Bruce Smith received a roply from Mr. Gordon yesterday, stating that ho will he prepared to come early next week and report upon the subject as requested. TnE eleotors of Bodforn wero addressed by Mr. \- . C. A. Goodchnp last evening from the nórtico of tho / Redfern Town Hall, the building not boing ablo to ' / cf<-'jtmmoattt8 thom. Ho bad a brilliant reception ' "unir spoke for upwards of throo-quarters of an hour on tho questions of free trade and protection. Mr. Davis, the candidate who was nominatod in the first instance by the protectionist party to contost the seat left vacant by the death of Mr. Suthorknd, announced his withdrawal, much to the dissatisfac- tion of the mooting. Mr. Sclioy, one of the late mombcre for tho electorate, 'vbo'was nominatod by the^party, vico Mr. Dsvin, was not \v«ll receivod durtoehiBaaarJBii, .tótlñiSr «Koale had been made °» a»'bonall by "Wi». tarifa, M.I..0., Mr. John ' Soè, 'M.L.A., AlJ3nnaa Witlistinsoa, and Mr. MaeFadyean, » unanimous vote of onfidenoo was earned in his favour. The meeting terminated with cheero for Mr. Goonchap and the candidate. Mr. I Schoy will address tLo electors at the Rodforn Town Hall to night. Mr. Anderson is pushing bia can- didature on behalf of freo tride and receives aati» faotory assurances of support Mu. R. II. HICKSON-, the now commissioner of roads and bridge», took office yeitorday for the first timo, in placo ot Mr. W. 0. Bennett, who retired at tho end of Muy on a pension in accordance with tho provisions of tho Publio Service Superannuation Act. Tnr. shorthand clauses rocently initiated by the Railway Commissioners, in the intorost of tha em- ployees of tho dopartment, are roported to be well attended. Tho Sydney classes number »orno 200 studonts, who are working very hard. The Com misoionors am now malting arrangements to establish classes in Nowcastle. The instruction is free to all raihvay employée?. AT tho AVator Police Court yeitorday, bofora Mr. A. M. Fisher, S.M., tho Don. John Davies, O.M.G., appeared in answer to a summon* charging him with the embezzlement of certain orders for thrco Bums of money, viz., £20 17s. 7d., £33 8». 2d., and £52 8s. Id., whioli it is alloged ho recñved nnd fraudulently appropriated during the timo he aoted as chairman to tho Casual Labour Board. Mr. li. E. Cohen prosecuted on behalf of tho Gotornment. Messrs. J. H. AVant and B. R. AViso (instructed by Mr. R. Burdett Smith) appeared for the defence. Several witnesses for the prosecution wore examined, after which tho case was adjourned until this morning. A number of people assembled in the court-room during the dsy, and appeared to take considerable interest in the proceedings. A SUPPLEMENT to the Government Gnteffe con taint a list of letterB returned from the branch and suburban offices, now lying at the General Post Offico unclaimed. AVE learn by telegram from Albany that Pro- fessor Benton, of the Mining Department, Mason College, Birmingham, is a passenger by the Iberia. He is coming to these colonies on important mining business. Tnn Mayor of Sydnev (Mr. John Harris) has cabled to Messrs. Hill and Sons, the builders of the great organ for the Centennial Hall, to forward tbe instrument by eteamor. It wa* the original inten- tion of the contractors to ship the organ by sailing vessel, but as it is tho Mayor's desire to open tho hall in November or thereabouts, this altered arrangement has been made. Captain Jenkins, of the Marino Board, it may be mentioned, has kindly volunteered to superintend the unloading of tho organ upon its arrival boro. At a mooting of the City Council to bo hold to-dav a couple of motions tabled by Alderman Taylor will be considorod deal- ing with tho appointment of a city organist, and also with the appointmont of an oiganist for tho opening ceremony and for a oerios of recitals. LAST ovening the Proabytcry ot Sydney mot within St. Stephen's Church to welcome the Rov. Principal Rainy, D.D., from the Free Chnroh Col- lege, Edinburgh, who is now on a visit to tho colo- nies. There wero prosent tho Rov. T. G. Moly ncaux, LL.B., in tho chair, and a very largo repre- sentation of.the Presbytery and ministers from other parts of the colony. The latter wore asso- ciated. Thereafter tho Rev. John Auld (Ashfiold) movod,-" That the Rov. Dr. P.ainv bo assooiated with tho Presbytery." The Rev. A. Gardiner, H.A., seconded tho proposition, which wai oarriod unani- mously. The Presbytery sustained an address to Prinoipal Rainy, tvhioh was aftorwards pro rented to him by the Moderator. Dr. Rainy ropüod at aomo length, thinking lho Pres- bytery for tho very hearty Avelcomo thoy had accorded to him, and expressing tho plosBure it afforded him to meet the representatives assembled. Subsequently a publio meeting, which was very largely attended, was held in tho church. The Rev. Dr Gilchrist (Moderator of the Presby- terian General Assembly) prosided. Devo- tional exorcism having been engaged in, the Moderator called upon tho Rev. Prinoipal Kin- ross, D.D., who movod a motion expressing the pleasure of those present at tho visit of Dr. Rtiiny, anti offering him a very ooidial welcome to Now' Pouth Wales. ? This was seconded by the Rev. Dr. Cameron and curried by acclamation. Principal Ra'ny, who was enthusiastic-lily received, then addressed tho meeting. In tho course of his remarks ho referred in eloquent terms to Scottish Presbvferianism and the Presbyterianism of tho continent, dwelling upon that of Switzer'and, Holland, and France. Ho rejoiced to find that Presbyterianism had taUen root in the colonies, and concluded by expressing the hope that it might continue to progress in the future. A vote of thanks to Dr. Rainy was proposed and seconded by two of his former students, the Rev. David Smith, M.A. (Chalmers Church), and the Rev. J. L. Ferguson, M.A. (Bega). This terminated tho proceedings. CAnmsAt. MOTIAN pave a dinner at St Patriok's Ecch siastlcal Seminary, Manly, yesterday, to cele- brate the arriv-il of the Right Rev. Dr. Higgins, Roman Catholic Auxiliary Bishop of Sydney. The Cnnlinnl presided, with the new prelate in the post of honour, and the company included nearly all the representative clerics and laymen of tho city and suburbs. In proposing the health of Dr. Higgins, Cardinal Moran enid that ha hailed with great satisfaction the presencQ in their midst of a prolate so eminontly qualified to share with him the responsibilities and tlio labours of the Seo of Sydney. In his replv, Dr. Higgins 6aid it would bo his life's tvork to manifest in some small mensuro how highly he appreciated tho \ distinction that bad been conferrrd on him in appointing htm to such a position, and to repay as best he could his debt of gratitude for the gratify- ing nnd most oncouraging wolcomo ho had experi- enced at the hands of both priests and laymen in Sydney. Tho toasts of " Tho Clergy " arid " The Laity'' wore respectively responded to bv Arclipriost Sheokv, the Rev. W. Kelly, S.j!, and Mr. D. O'Connor, M.L.A., Postmoster Gonornl. During the afternoon's proceedings Mr. John Toohey presented Dr. Higgins with an address of welcome, signed by most of the leading Roman Catholics of Sydnoy. It ÍB intended, wo nro informed, that Bishop Higgins will romain at St Patrick's, Jlanly, till arrangements aro mado for his permanont residence in one of the city parisbe3. Tnn winter course of popular lectures to bo dfilivoiorl in the Pchool of Arts, Burwood, in aid of the building fund of tho local Oonerogational church, was eoinmonced last evening, tvhen tho Rev. James Jolleris, LLD., dilated on the sub- ject, "Sunrise from the Summit of Mount Etna," in tho presence of about 150 lad'es and pontlomon. Tho lecturer, in a vory interesting and ontertatning mannor de- scribed his own experiences in (limbing to the sum- mit of the great volcano. Tho lecluie was ombol lishod with olaBsio refcroncoB, and was not devoid of humour. Towards the closo the rev, gentleman in a digression, spolto on the subject of " Papalism." He said that the Papacy must be fought on the ground of oon»titutioml right, for it waa on this side that PapaÜBtn was vulnorable. Though the blow was not yot ftriiok, Pupalism must perish, for fieedom had won too many victories to halt at this. The Rev. Gei. Littlemore, the pastor of the local church, proposed a voto of thanks to Dr. Jofferis, which was carried hy acclamation. SDA-ERAL imporlnnt matters srill bo dealt with at the meeting of the City Council to-day concerning encroachments and dangerous and ruinous build- ings. Those pioceodings arise under Bootions 78, 85, 90, and 01 of the City Corporation Aot As announced in tho Herald last week, tho Minister for Lands has takon steps to havo the re- sumed portion of the pastoral holdings not required for publio purpojes thrown opou for conditional purchase. It may bo pointed out that the Lands Department some timo ago cancelled a largo area of theso rosorves, and threw it open for selection as woll as a consider.iblo arua which waa brouorht under the " Special aroaV provisions. AVith fogard to tho romaindor the Department de- termined to take no Bteps pending the decision of Parliament as to tho numbor of acres that could bo conditionally parohased or taken up as spacial areas. Wo aro informed that a large portion of the re- serves thrown open was conditionally purchasod. The remaining portion will, no doubt, bo taken up under the provisions of the bill now before Par- liament, nnd which Mr. Brunker hopos to get thiough tho Legislativo Assembly this week or next wcok at the very latest. Under this measure, the areas that may be conditionally purchasod and talton up in " special areas " are of course largely increased. A connEsrosDEKT of the North China Daily News says that the latest news from Peking in robard to railway matters ÍB as.follows:-"The Empress Dowager, Pi ince Ch'un, Li Hunp-chang, Chang Ohih-tung, and some othor high officials, both in Peking and in the provinces, aro all strongly in favour of going on with the building of rail- ways at once, and aro prosing it on the Emperor throiieh the Empress Dowafror. .On the other hand, Ung Tung Ho, ' Sun Yuo Wan, and another, whoso name at prcsont is unknown, aro as strongly urging tho Emperor not to allow railways to bo made. A vigorou« representation has been very recently mado to tho Emperor, through the Empress Downgor, that tho arrangements for the Tungchow railway have gone too far to bo stopped, and that by discontinuing,thom now v.-ry heavy losses would ho incurred. Tho Emperor lins consulted the three opponents referred to nbov«, and in his latest deci- sion ho remsrks that this railway is the busine»s of Li Hung- chang, nnd he orders the Boird of Reve- nue to find one million taols for meeting all claims for compensation, or expenses incurred in connec- tion -with it, and directs that the making of the railway is not to proceed." A nEMAUKABLE career of crime comes to us from New Caledonia. Captain'Debiugny (says Le Colon of Juno 19) does not bolong to the French army, but ho is the roloubtable chief of a band of sconndre's; and another youth, named Hugonneau, with fair and effeminate features, made part of this band of six young, criminnis. Hugonncau wns lieutenant of the band. Albert Debuigny is not more than 16 years old, but has already com- mitted more than SO rohberie«, and only a few months ago carno out of a house of correction. Very autocratic, he exercised a real d»potiBm ovor his accomplice. The mother of one of these went to him one day to reclaim her son. Debuigny listoned to her quietly, and then, pointing his re- volver at her, said, " Madame, let mo seo no more of you, or this will do for yon." On Saturday last I the Debuigny band plundered the shop? of a I cbocolatemakor in the Rue de Palihoa, and of a gouimith in the Passage do la Mare. From tho establishment of the latter they carried off Bomo 50 fire-arm«, several kilos of powder, and moro thnn 500 cartridges. On the following day, Sunday, the Commissioner of Police, at the Quartier des Lilas, was informed that a murder had boen com- mitted in a sand quarry. Ho proceeded to tho spot indicated, and found insensible, in a pool of blood, a young man 16 years of age. This was Francis Hugonneau, who resides with his relations at Belleville. Dcbuigny's lieutenant had been shot in the back of the head, nnd he was eon vej-od to the Tenon Hospital. On the following day he had recoverod tho use of his voice, but to the astonishment of everybody be refused to give the least information respecting tho circumstances under which he had been wounded. The Commissioner of Polico has, however, succeeded in ascertaining the particulars, which are among the most extra- ordinary over known. It appear« that on Sunday morning Debuigny, who hntad Hugonnoau, sought a quarrel with him. " Ono of us is one too many," said Debuigny, " if you agree, I propose we fight a duel in the American stylo. Let us go into a quarry that I know at Lilas, nnd each one of us will try to kill the other the bast way we can." Hugonneau accepted the challenge, and the whole band repaired to the quarry referred to. There for moro than two hours the two combatants, concealing themselves in tho holes, and taking cover in the reeess»s of the rooks, discharged Iheir revolvors moro than ten times without doing any injury. Night was coming on, and it was sup po'ed that the combat had terminated, when sud- denly Dobuigny, springing hehind Hugonneau, fired a last shot from the rovolvor into hiB head. The lientonont fell, face downwards, and the young bandits took to their heels. The polico have the descriptions and names of thom all, but at present havo only arrested the two receivers of the band. A MEETING of the Australian Economic Association will be held this ovening. The Hon. Dr. Garran will take the chair, and Mr. O. R. Parkin will be prosent to open the debate on tho Hon. L. P. Hovdon's paper on "Federation: Imperial v. Australian." A LBCTunr. will bo delivered in the Protestant Hall to-morrow evening, by Dr. Hammond, upon " Two Viows of the Church of Rome." The lecturer announces that be is a convert from Romanism. Sydney Hoimital report for wook ended June 29, 1839--Admitted: 45 males, ia females; total, 61. DiRohargod : -10 males, l8 females ; total, 68. Died : 2 males, 2 females; total, i. Remaining: 161 males, 91 females ; total, 252. Casualties treated bat not ad- mitted, G95. REPOKT for the week ending June 29 of the number of pauper pstients under treatment in the metropolitan hospitals at the Government oxpense :-Coast Hospital : Admissions, 30 males, 11 females; discharRes, 29 males, 12 females; death«, 2 femilos; number re mnining, 136 moles, 75 females. Sydney Hospital : Admissions, 13 males, 11 females; discharges, 13males, 10 females; deaths, 1 male, 1 female; number re mnininir, G2 males, 63 females. Prince Alfred Hospital : Admissions, 4 males 8 females; discharges, 4 males, ó females ; number remaining, 29 males, 31 females. 