Tlio Mystery in Berkeley Squared '?'? To this day it remains a mystery, and. it will probably ever remain so. There is no question of delusion ; no one could or. can. deny it. Tho facts are facts,' plain and unvarnished ; and Us. ihp.v wftri* told to the writer bv a friend— fif he were not a relative of the parties — they shall be repeated. As. there- is no use in alarming people, we shall not mention the number of the house. ? It is, however, on the west side of Berkeley Square, London, W., and wo repeat that the tale is absolutely true. / ] The house, which- we visited, was at that time apparently' untehahted. It was certainly in a bad ' state of repair, and 'as e'ertainly '? hot to bo let. 'N'o. tenant was desirous to inhabit it; for, tliqus;h a caretaker and his wife ILvod iiv thd I basement, they would not enter the . ! haunted 'robtn; and thc: mansion, had -.'..' ..remain'edi'':emjity::an'd desolate -in the' ?.?.\\\;i^Wrrof'Ma.yfair;- '??'.?'?:. ' ? ^Thes'e .were : the' conditions when a ? family : from .the'; country came, and, 'despite the? 'exterior appearance of the house, .were certainly- pleased wit'i its interior'arrangerhents. The house suited all parties, anl' it was; painted and re novated sufficiently to satisfy the tenants for the rseason.':' The tradespeople were ' all on the tiptoe of expectation, for no one had ever lived in the house for four consecutive weeks. 'Renfchad been sur rendered, ,. and -a hurried departure had asrain caused the advent' of the care takers. 'It was their doing,1 was the whispered comment. ' These people sav the house' is haunted, and so they have house room.' But they never dissuaded a tenant. Many tenant? came and went ; sounds were heard, and something uncanny was in possession, for no one remained. The family who came into temporary possession of the mansion had no idea o£ its history, and it is at this period — in the year 1S71 — that the writer's acquaintance with -the house began. The new tenants took possession, and were handed overall the keys. There ?were occupants for all tho bedrooms, and one upper apartment was allotted to the housemaid.' It was a nieelv furnished room at the back of the house; small b'vt, except for' a peculiar atmosphere, very comfortable. ' 2fo one had hitherto slept in chat room,' they said, 'and it was rather damp.' So a firo was lighted and the bad made ready for its new occupant. The girl came in in good time, and went up stairs to bed. Everything was in readiness for her, and the ladies' maid, who had indicated the apartment, hail left her. Ere she had got into bod. a piercing shriek aroused the house hold ; then a heavy fall in the house maid's room caused them to hasten upstairs. 'What could bo the matter? ? MUtrpss anil servants rushed up 'together ;. niiiitor followed. Tho room / ..n'as.brokeii open, unil a terrible sight met the eaze 'of the 'intruder?; The Door girl, partly dressed, was lying insensible on tho floor in a dead faint. She was laid on the bed, and remedies were .applied as soon as possible. The convnlsive movements of her limbs were sueoe'ded hy violent raving.--, nnH it required two men to hold h°r, so terrible were her struggles. Her ap pearance was that of a maniac, and when, with the assistance of a doctor, she ha 1 been calmed, it was perceived, with unutterable terro-, that the poor girl was 'raving mad.1 She was quite exhausted for a while, hut the paroxysms again began. She was re moved as soon as possible and after a while a lucid interval intervened. To questions addressed to her, she only replied, with terrified mein and name less horror in her face, 'Yes, I saw it ! I saw it !' and rulapsoil into imbecility. Now what she lin-1 seen was a mystery. She never »avo any ac count 'of tho horribly strange sight that met her ga/.e. Tlio story got wind and' was laughed at : was credited wholly or partially according tothe constitutions of , the hearers. The tenants avoided tho room, which was again locked up, nnd no more was hear 1 of ' ghost' for awhile. It happened one evening that the tenants gave a party. There was a small dance, and amongst the guests ?flomo guardsmen, ami other officers. There was some curiosity expressed ai to the haunted mom, anclnriny of the gnests — particulars tho military ones —laughed at tho idea of any dingpr or ghost. Fiivilly the suhJHCt absorbed general attention ; dancing was 'discarded for discussion; the b'!;fiver.s mitnumSftred tlin sceptics. 'I'll bet you five pound*,' said a young officer, ' that I will go and re main an hour .in. Ih' haunted room and come, down unharmod.' Donn !' ox claimed his opponents. 'Don't!' ?'exclaimed tho more timorous of hia friends. Tho lady of .the house and her hi'shand both ondoavoured to ilis suado him But ho was firm. 'He laughed ghosts to scorn, and jestingly bade 'farewell. ' to his companions. He carried, a, candle, and ns ho pre ' pared to ascend to tho room, which had been lighted with gas. somo proaenti ment seems to liavo affected him, but he laughed away all remonstrance., ' ';Tou w'on't frighten me with-a regi ment of ghosts.' ho Raid. 'But I'll secure my retreat. Remomber, if I ? rin' onco, you will he ready to coma lips! airs, bac-iuse you will thdn undor stand that I have Been cotnething and may require assistance,' They ' promised, and he oontinue-1,; 'But if T ring . twiee, you will at once know that I am in peril, and then come upas fast as ever you can I shall not ring without reason. Th -y wished 'tiw young fallow KooJ luce and standing in and nen- the drawing rnom door watched him ascend la '? staircase. Ho laughed then, a cheery '.rood-bye,' entered tlio room, whx i was fullv lighted, and shut tho door lo-idly 'The noiee echoed through tb.9 houuo now silent, for everyone, cvou the servants, woro.on tho gai vii-c,,nd the ringing of the boll was anxiously expected. The men stood onthe land ing; the ladies generally remained iii the rooms, converging only in whispers ann feeling, an one expressed it, as if something was going to' happen. He ? had- been- gone fifteen minutes, arid no sound had alarmed tho guests. Bots began to be talked of and wages tendered that he would not ring, and that there was no 'ghost' nor mystery at all. Suddenly ,\ faint '' ting, ting' was heard from the basement. Thoro. was no mistake— ^he had rung tho bell! On the startling notice tho ladies ran out, and some of the men began to ascend the stairs. A few were for rushing up at once, but tho courage of their friend and their agreement held them back ; still they wore ready for a dash up the flight at the first tingle of tho second bell. Some terrible' minutes passed ; the ticking- of the clock was distinctly audibly. Then a loud, violent crash of the bell: a sound of. fearful significance to all who heard it. Two seconds. sufficed for the men to reach the room' and burst open the door. This is what they saw — Tho youCig officer, stretched in his evening dress on the; bed, rigid, dead ! His jaw had dropped ; his eyes were staring open vacantly in mortal terror ; a dumb, stony fear and awful horror stamped on his features! His left hand clutchel the bell rope which hid summoned up his friends. But no presence wa3 visible. No form appeared to alarm the others. There he la}-, stnrk, staring mad in death ! 'What he had seen — whether demon or spirit — must for ever remain a mystery as great as ever puzzled the London world. He died, scared to death by the awful apparition which ho had in some manner defied or offended. Sometime after, we believe in 1S70, the condition of the house and tho mystery again claimed attention. Questions were publicly addressc I to those interested; but no reply was given, nor was any explauation ever afforded of this perfectly true mystery of Berkeley Square. — CtisscFs Saturday Journal. 