CA BLE C¿ KA M S. MR. HENNIKER HEATON IN TROUBLE. LONDON, March 13. Mr. Robert Dermia has eoed Mr. Henniker Heaton, M.P., for £500, for writing his speeohee, artioles in the National Review, letters to The Time» and Postmaster General from 1885 to 1888, and also for acting as his ghost preparatory to the Colonial Conference. The action has been settled by the défen- dent paying £400 damages, and £200 costs. SAMOA. LONDON, Marcb 13. An impression prevails in official circles that Prince Bismarck is ageeable to England becoming tbe mandatory power in Samoa. MADAME MELBA. LONDON, March 13. Madame Melba, the Australian eoprano, has been engaged to appear in Italian opera at Drury Lane Theatre. THE COLONIAL IN8TITUTE. LONDON-, March 14. Three hundred Follows of the Colonial In- stitute were bsnquetted by the Prinoe of Wales at the Hotel Metropole last night. Sir Arthur Blyth thanked the Duke of Cambridge for assisting the Adelaide Exhibition. Tbe Prince of Wales regretted that time and opportunity prevented him from visiting Aus- tralia, io which country he felt the deepest interest for its welfare, lt was the duty of every Statesman to visit the colonies. In proposing the tosst of the Army and Navy the Prince said be reoogniaed the efforts of tbe colonies, not only to protect themselves, but to assist the Empire, aud especially eulogised South Australia's offer of troops for the Trausvaal, and New South Wales' contribu- tion of a contingent for the Soudan. He also referred to Sir Graham Berry asa distinguished and able Statesman. The Duke of Cambridge and Lord Beresford responded. The Prince of Wales said he believed the Colonial Insti- tute had greatly assisted in bringing about the improved feeling between the colonies and the mother country, while he hoped it would coalescee with the Imperial Institute, which he disclaimed had a desire to absorb the Colonial Institute. Earl Carnarvon said no one desired to precipitate a closer union or ourtail the autonomy of the oolonios, and Lord Knutsford that he waa convinced there was much beyond sentiment which boond the colonies to England. THE TIJUES-PAVLHEhL COMMISSION. LONDON, March 13. Before the Parnell Commission to-day, George Mulqueeny deposed tbat knives were used in the Phoenix Park murder. They had been previously exhibited in the National League offices. The officers of the Bank ol Westminster confirmed the payment of £I0C I by Mr. Parnell to Byrne. The Time» casi has been completed. The Commission ad' journed till the 2nd ol April. 