reminiscences Of* Threepenny-bit during*turn Inc pelnt In the hletory ef the town ef Hi (ouwruiuBO.) ehild had not far to go befofre she reached what appeared tobe her borne. It was ft poor-looking (dace, bat allowed signs of that rare which converts the hambleat dwelling into •„»■home. A jaded-looking woman was digging np the little patob oat aide the door; she ralaed her bead m we drew nigh, and something like ft smile passed over her wan featarea. "86 youare home at last, lass," said she resting for • minute on her spade, " I have been looking oat for yon nigh these two hours, what has kept you so late T* " Me and the girls have been playing a bit,". ■ answered Bessie pleasantly, *' bat what do you think 1 have found, mother T" •'Law, child," saidher parent spiritlessly, "how, should Ikbpw; it'B not'much you'll | find nowadays, though—more's the pity." i "Ah I well, it' is the prettiest, brightest threepenny bit yon have ever seen ;" and Bessie nnolosed her little-palm and displayed j my bftauti.es with an immense amount of ad miration aud pride. " I am going to give it to'yoii, mother, beeanse it is the very first thing of my. very own X have,ever had, and I thought it would help yoa a'bit." The mother smile1! a bit grimly, but felt touched. - • "Heaven knows we ate:often in want of even a paltry coin liko that, but keep it lass, or go and buy some lollies-r-I won't take it, and if your father kuew you bad it, it would go for another nobbier, so say naught about • it." : ' '■ - At that minute they both gave a guilty starts for a slouohing figure had slouched up behind them, and a hoarse, thick voice said augrily, " what is that you: are talking about thafs private ? A pretty wife you be," he continued, turn^ig rouud to the woman, '•to go keeping secrets from your husband, who Blaves for yoa from one week's end to the other." ' The woman never answered, but-went on wither digging, her contemptuous com posure.seemed to-stiug the man desperately,' for he rushed at the child, shook her viol ently, arid, demanded again what they bad been, talking about.. My little owner seemed too frightened to answer, but the shaking had the effeot of looseuing her grasp upon me, for.I slipped through her fingers and rolled on to the : ground. The noise at tracted the drunken brute'd ear ; be paused for a seooud and looked about bim, suddenly his eye lighted upon me. '•Ah 1" he ejaoulated, •• you have got a store on the sly, have you ? Well, I was clean broke, and just dome home to look around forsomething, il'll just take this trifle as an indUlmeufc. aud you cau make up your minds to part'with the rest at your earliest convenience.'* ' With this sally, aud a tipsy leer of 'satis faction, he-picked rae op, balanced me on his foreSngor».and 'finally'confined mo to the depth6 of a vary dirty, drowsy, ill-smel ling pooket. For;some miuiites I was oarried along in sileuoe,...but suddenly the man stopped and sang ontr— '•• Hulldi, Bill; going ray way ?" Bill (whoever he might be) seemed a little loth;; fot he answered; rather undecidedly, •• Well, I don't know ; I pfomiBedvmy wife I'd never go'near a pub during 'lection week. • Bill,' says she, ' you are sure to make a beas>> of yourselfaud by Jove, "■ though I! say it myself, my little woman knows my weaknesses." . •• Who says I am going near a pob ?" said' my owner in a maudlin way. I am just go ing to knock round talk about the chances —you don't catch me gojng inside a pub, when I have kept, sober for nigh ou a week now. Come on, old oliap," he added per suasively, "things will be pretty lively in town." ■ ■' " Well, I wasn't going home, for I have had my tea; but, howsoever, I may as< well go along with you, though you are as'drunk as a lord now." After a silence of some minutes, during which the two puffed at their pipes, the one answering, to the name of Bill, said confi dentially— ' " Is it true they are going to put the cold water party out ?" "What do you mean t" rejoined the other cautiously. ' "Oh, nothing particular; only a well known know-all said to me that the cold water party thought they were goiug to have it all their own way, but, folks that knew how to take and enjoy a good glacs of beer would fix thom np pretty square when the time came." , - The intelligence seemed to sober hialisfc ener, for he said rather angrily, " Seems to me folks know more about other people's business than their own. 1 am not .a tee total man (as anyone could see)* neither ib most of my mates, but catch as goiug in for wholesale voting against tee totals, I hope we have a little liberality." "That's just what you out and oat drinkers haven't got. There is a sort ;of free masonry among your~to pitchfork your boon oompanidns into high places; and leave others far more worthy to look after them selves."! don't know why yoa - Bbould do it, unlesB it iB a sort of assaranoe to your selves that your drinking habits won't effeot; yonr chances rf gaining promotion. I don't know whether it >B'a wise thing to do," con-, tinued Bill, "but when I> get the ohance I always vatedeadagainst the man who. gets roundly''drank, no matter what folks say^ about. his cleverness, ".Ordinary brains clear is better than- extraordinary ones fuddled," says I, so I may be voted ft sap-', porter of the cold water party." That kind of drivel suits thee: to pieces," growled myowner,'" but it iB all bosh to say there.is parties in the guestiontthero is •nothing of the utitt." " We had now aixived iu town, at least I judged ab' from the' repeated: recognitions passing between /the :#wo men, and /' those who met them.' 1 •' , " Won't yoa two e'ome down and have something," asked ft strange voice. .It pas a fine cheery one, too, with a nice ring' in itbat long experience had taught me that the cheery inflection resulted from- what some' people erpueously call" a little bit jolly." / t r .i'r'K'r .Welltrlvwon'l'BayiVno/'&'Saidwiny^owner .quicklylv- "tfow, Bill,"- he adijeel, .turning to hiscomp,tnion,"ona gla-w eanTd9',JoiSfj any barm, and the gentleman baa been naA J^ enough to treat." , -T-v., Bill seemed to ahuffle irresolutely fora, few miuutes, and then .his resolutions tot tared on their . foundations. " lfaybe it would seem unsocial to refase, bat I won't' take mora tbiur one." " That's right," said the. cheery voice, slapping him on th« back withawhaek that resounded through the night air; " I would not.give a fig for a man who drinks nothing, stronger than water or tea; tie might aa well give up the idea of ever becoming a itan, or osing his strength of will.. Besides, we bate a double cause to hare a jollifica tion to-night—to-morrow tlie die iscafet.V ' ■ Just at that mbment a breathless messen ger arrived with the intelligence that the cheery-voiced gentleman was immediately wanted. ■ ■ ■ ' v ' ' "NowI'llhave^to spend tbat threepence,'" said my owner grumbingly,. as the gentle man's footatepadied* away in the distant; "it is bard lines to be deprived of a drink on the obeap just as yoa tiioagbt yoa was sure' of it—bat he'll drop in through the evening,., that's certain." They, most have arrived at the; door of the pablio bouse now, for Bill barst' out with— ."I'm not going in to-night, Tom," and: turned hastily away, while- .my;, owner as •ended- a oouple of steps and' then- lounged lazily against the bar oounter. I was pro duced, and the wished for' drink served; but instead of confining me to the abode of my numeroNe sisters, 'oousins, and aunts, I. was plaoed on a shelf by a harassed barman , and from its quiet evolution I could take a. good view of my surrouudiogs and hear lit that was said/ The; place I was now ini seemed a popular reBort, men of descrip tions were present from, master to man, and: us yet they were, sufficiently cool to indulge^ in conversation without becoming violent. " This is indeed a turning,'point in the history of M said a squash-nosed*: lnntern-jawed-looking man, who was puff ing. hard at a diminuitive oigar and sup [torting the wall with a fairly-sized but loudr y-dressed figure. < .. " There is no doubt about that," ans wered a man with a remarkably self- opiuia tediiirand dictatorial utterance, " and it-, does seem a bit strange that I, one of tho> pioneers of the plaoe, should be out of it y. but of course it is eutirely my own:choice.'" . If I liad cared to. encourag? the movement,, one man would hardly have carried the re» qiiisition that would, have been signed. L. nipped the thing in> the bud though,: for youi. don't catch me working with; such a lot as>. those likely to go in. ! "Isn't that rather rough on-me ?'asked - a little man with'a rasping voice bat olever looking face." Not at all, my dear fellow," returned' ' the first speaker lightly;." you. have not the ghost of a show." '' Whioh shows what bad taste the M folk have. I don't see how you can tell who. is going in,, or vice; versa, unions you are working with a- party," rotumed the little man with-.-ome indignation. " I am very sure none of the caudidates have a better knowlodge of their,duties than I have." " That's i very possible,: my respeoted'/ friend; but are you actuallyflo greeu at your^' a:;e as to expect the publicto: discriminate wisely ? The pages of hiBtory would, tell ft. very'different, tale, if man had beontreatedJ; aocordiug to hisdesaerttf... Juatice : never has-been much in! fashion,, but it is qnite^ out of date now. Then, of course, we must . take into consideration, that one in naturally inolined to rat«;oue'B .services higher than*, even our warmest friends would: which Here our reasoning friend- was interrup- ; ted .by the little man .saying, very rudely, " I suppose you think that .is a .neat way of telling me I am not fit for the post ? (ftiank: yoa very.much for your-clumsy.way of put ting. ii, and as for desserts—well, I know* very well whet o>-ypu would be if you got. them." . ■ The voices were getting rather high now,„ and four or five men gathered round the-. disputants, tbinkiug some fun was on.- The little man; however, disappointed. them ^ by ducking under somebody's arm- and disap pearing. His thorn -in, the fleBh looked-: after him half scornfully.. " Poor devil," he said, " he is laboring:: under the idea that the returning officer Will read out bis name among the elected' . to-morrow. I would not mind ■ seeing • his face when the supreme moment arrives. Ib. was evident, though, that the thrust about > his dessert was still rankljng in his, breast. I think the surest. way of finding, out whether an imputation, is true, is to mea- - sure the degree of .forced pity it engenders."" ' . (to be continued.) • 