? A WARNING. HE was an actor amateur, At la8t the hour had come When he would all the criticH stir, And make the people hum. She was his loving wife, his child Sat by lur side in glee— The boy was fair and young, and mild As any boy you'i see. They sat upon a foremost seat— The circle well was filled. The wife was large, close on six feet, And. palpably self-willed. Papa, as hero of the play, Did woo the heroine, And lay his heart before the fay With protestations fine. The small boy watched him narrowly, Much wonder in his eyes. His mother's calmness seemed to be The cause of his surprise. And when the hero hugged his love, And helped her to a kiss, The cheerful cherub up above Game down upon his bliss. A wee small voice in accents plain Was heard from pit to dome— " By gum ! dad kissed that gal again— He'll catch it when he's home !" "THE RULING PASSION" is " Strong in Death" — that is, we are told so, and never did the copybook headline receive a better illustration than in the present production at the Theatre Royal, for a miser gets killed while gloating over his greed, and his daughter seeing the old man a stiff un, faints at a fit-ting opportunity, and then falls wollop a corpus over her dear departed dad. Now, this is all very kind and thoughtful of the author, for after getting his juggular vein sawn in two by a blunt knife of Albert Norman's, it enables Charlie Holloway to jump into his marvellously got up plaid overcoat {not forgetting the cape), call in at the Orient, toss off a soda and lime juice, and then take a tram to supper and to bed. Back to our story, however — Jasper Doone. Her papa is enacted by Charlie Holloway, and is supposed to hoard up his gold so carefully that he actually shudders when Polly Arrowsmith asks him to perdooce the grubbery. Still, in the face of thiB, he recklessly burns two candles on the mantelshelf, and keeps on a fire big enough for a bullock driver. Death is not the only thing the ruling passion is strong in, for it is particularly strong in scenery, at which Gordon and Co. show to great advantage. Further, it is strong in lunatics, crutches, hansom cabs, policemen and other dainties, not forgetting the only Glover's beard. Charlie Holloway does not seem exactly at home as the miser—by-the-way, in his young days he must hive been a policeman, judging by the wealth he has treasured up. Jasper Doone and daughter die away in the first act, and it wouldn't much malter if a lot more of the characters did the Bame thing—it would be a decided improvement. Teddy Ryan has a ballooning act, which might ,be greatly enhanced by his taking a parachuteapd"tSoming to earth a la Ualdwin and others. Misstate Bishop is applauded all the way through as the heroine, arid Albert Norman stands the hoots and hisses of the audience like the lamb he is. Mrs. Bland Holt and Miss Lewis are all that could be desired. Bland extracts as much fun as possible out of Gray, but Bland cannot disguise either his voice or legs - we know them both ; and the massive beard (with Glover behind it) is a work of art. We thought Iligginbotham deserved a call. There are several other people in the cast who are supposed to do a lot, and there are a couple of policemen somewhat dim of plumage, who are just about as useful as the figure at the entrance to the Waxworks. " The Kuling Passion " is also strong in real rain, which is put on as an attraction to "raise the wind ;' and as playgoers'comedown with the dust, Bland is happy. "The Ruling Passion " should have a long run, notwithstanding the opposition a few doors up, in the shape of a troupe of trained fleas. ' MB. MILN brought on "Hamlet" at a favourable time. The last four Hamlets that we remember upon the local boards were all very mild exponents of the dejected Prince's character, and the public was quite prepared to relish something stronger. Mr. Miln snpplies that want. His Dane is not a flimsy, limp young man with no visible means of support, but a person of mind and force. And bythe-way, perhaps it doesn't often occur to people that this is a sensible view to take of the matter. The absence of one great quality does not necessarily imply an absence of all other good qualities, and because Hamlet could not screw up courage to " remove " his uncle we need not consider him a namby-pamby youth in all other respects. Mr. Miln's vigour gives the strength of thought in Hamlet's utterances a fresh power and his passion and fervour strengthen the effect of the passionate and fervid feeling of many of the lines. In appearance he also makes a slight deviation from his immediate forerunner?, discarding the usual canary wig and appearing in his natural locks. Jn the eailier scenes of the play Mr. Miln's rendering of his part displays no especial merits beyond a most minutely careful study of the weight of each word, and a full grasp of the princely qualities of Hamlet s character. Hut as the piece goes on new merits present themselves ; the touches of humour are delicately laid on ; the feigned madness is utterly without exaggeration ; the soliloquies are given as soliloquies, and the whole effort culminiti s —in our opiuion - in the magnificent presentation of the closet scene. This scene, as presented at the Opera House, will be a revelation even to old playgoers. The absurdity of having a healthy ghost walk on in creaking boots is now apparent to everybody, and the wonder is that it never occurred to somebody before. This one slight detail in stage management gives the whole scene an entirely new and powerful significance, and it leads one to conjecture as to what improvements may be still made in presenting many others of Shakespeare's plays. In this effort Mr. Miln's acting is impressive in the highest degree, and is nightly received with an unmistakeable enthusiasm that iB pleasant to see and hear. In fact, our summary of this gentleman's Hamlet must follow those which we have given regarding his Richard and bis Marc Antony. He has a decided notion as to what he is tryiug to do ; it is a good notion, and he follows it out successfully. Nobody exprcts a perfect Hamlet at any time; and Mr. Miln's isn't flawless, but his faults are trivial, and double their number could be overlooked in view of such flashes of ta'ent as that which we have above alluded to. Miss Jordan's American accent was forgotten after she had spoken a dozen lines and her Ophelia was one of the best features of the performance. Mr. Ireland's King was satisfactory, and Mr. Cathcart's Ghost was above the ordinary standard. Mr. Greenaway's Horatio was pleasiDg and Mr. Bodson's Polonius passable, i he scenery is effective and the dirge commonplace. MESSRS. Brough and Boucicault have had a hard row to hoe, and the Hibernian Hall has not proved a very comfortable lodging-house. It is no place in which to hear anything but a bawled oration, unless it be packed full, and Messrs. B. and B.'s maudlin sympathisers have made a point of staying away with altogether too much unanimity for the good of acoustic properties. Under the circumstances " Betsy " has been produced with a certain air of solemnity, and Burnand's joktlets have wooed the coy snigger of the public with only moderate success, The company recently burned out is a strong one, and " Betsy " suits its powers well—with one curious exception. Mr. Brough is far from an ideal Dawson. The delicious unction with which that person is associated in the local playgoer's mind is wanting in Mr. Brough's temperament. Mr. Boucicault is always a prime^'uvenile, and Mr. Titheradge is generally right anywhete; Mr. Anson ditto. Hans Phillips also pleases us, as do likewise the ladies, Miss Pattie Brown being especially bright. The names of the parties who did the hard work of shaking this show into shape so soon after the fire are not down in the bills, so we cannot personally compliment them, but they deserve praise, and Messrs. Brough and Boucicault and their alert manager, Mr. Mayne, are to be congratulated upon the fidelity and abilities of their general staff. CURIOSITY is drawing crowds to the Princess', but comment on "The Yeomen" does not generally take the form of extravagant praise. The plot is one of Gilbert's weakest; the chief incident recalls " Maritana," and other incidents recall other books by Gilbert. The dialogue contains a number of stale or second-hand quips, Jack Point's joke about " Sitting down on the spur of the moment " being taken from " Princess loto," while the conundrum about the Archbishop was in all the newspapers, as a saying of Gilbert's, long before this opera was introduced Another fault of ..the book is that it woefully lacks humour. Poetry it has in plenty, but people who have laughed at the wit of "Patience" and " The Mikado" feel a strange sense of emptiness in listening to the "Yeomen." The Jester is evidently supposed to*be a humorous fellow, but his fun is scant and forced. His character is not developed effectively in any special direction,and as he exists mainly for the purpose of making fun, bis failure to do so is serious The other characters are more successfully filled out, A FAIR, BEATJTIFDL SKIN.—Sulpholine Sosp gives the natural tint and prach-like Bloom of a perfect complexion, makes the skin smooth, supple, healthy, comfortable.—6d Tablets. Everywhere. but they seem to have been devised simply to bring about certain song-and- dance combinations at various times and places, and not for the purpose o f acting out a dramatic story. Mr. Elton is utterly out of his element as Point. He has not the Finging ability to do the music justice, and he is hampeied by the stifTuess of the humour which he is called upon to interpret. Probably no actor hereabouts could make more of the part than Mr. Elton does, but that is little consolation to anybody. Miss Nellie Stewart is but little better suited as Elsie. This joung lady excels where musical light comedy preponderates, and the tragic atmosphere of this piece does not suit her smiles and dimples She sings well, however, and presents a pretty picture. Mr. Leumane is another who is not amid congenial su-roundiugs. Fairfax should be a dignified and gallant person; Mr. Leumane looks all right, but that awful walk gives him away. Miss Ameris looks a pleasing Dame Carrutbers, but her distressing inability to sing makes one ponder upon the judgment which placed her iu an operatic part. Mr. Marnock is an ideal " beefeater " in appearance, but the book says he must dance, and he won't. He might ppeak a little more naturally, too. His son Leonard should hire wig Mr. Vernon has the most effective part in he opera, and he plays it excellently thiougliout. e doubt if the jaundiced gaoler is being played nywhere as well as at the Princess' at this oment. Miss Ida Osbotv e is also suited to perection with the part that was especially cut to fit iss Jessie Bond. The Pha:be of this production ould hardly be bettered. The minor parts are lso thoroughly well handled. The music of the pera is its redeeming feature; it is beautiful hroughout, and promises great things on the part f the composer of " Buttercup's " song and " Titillow." The scenery is all that could be asked or, and the general mounting and management of he production flawless. . MR. DAMPIKR'S latest production at the Alexndra is more than a cut above the gruesome pisodes that have hitherto broken out abruptly nd raged with great violence at this theatre. Shamus O'Brien' deals with the stirring days of ; 9S," when the large, red-headed Irishman, aving been ground down to bis boots, began to esurrect himself and display bis antipathy by shootng the Saxon oppressor full of buck-shot, and uttons, and carpet tacks, and old nails, besides roken crockery, pulverised brick, junks of lead, nd other items of interest,also by hitting him on the ead with the national waddy, and prodding him ith scythes and sickles, and otherwise trampling n his feelings and giving him to understand that e was de trop, and had better take up his iron oof and fade over the horizon. Mr. Dampier and r. Kehoe have not done violence to the story of " th' great an : glorious pathriot, Shamus O'Brien, " n constructing thur drama, all the most effective dramatic incidents being neatly worked in, and a thick streak of inte est carried through to the last gasp. We are all the more pleased to be able to say a good word for the new Alexandra success, because we felt ourselves called upon to fall on most of the baneful things that preceded it with a dull thud and be scornful at their expense. "Shamus O'Brien " causes large audiences to arite nightly and wake the welkin with howls of delight, and m^.ke the theatre hideous with the latter of big feet and the whistling of many youths stirred to their depths. A daily contemporary has insinuated that only the transplanted Celts gather together and make, these demonstrations ; we beg to differ. The other night an intense gentleman in our immediate vicinity remarked rapturously, " Mine Gott ! dot vos goot! J" We know he is not a Celt, because we patronise his pawnshop. Gentlemen of various nationalities are similarly wound up and explode in a like manner, showing that " th' curse o' Cromwell" is not so widely respected as it was in days that are gone and ages passed by. On the whole the acting being done at the Alexandra is of a satisfactory character, and, on occasions, it is elevated to a higher pitch. Mr, Dampier is always interesting as the hero, Shamus, and occasions some considerable "divarsion" disguised as a party amed O'Hanahan Michael Dooley, an interesting diot who is less of an ass than most of his suroundings. Mr. Joe Stark comes out, strong as rady, a withered tarantula with a kink in him nd the conscience of a Queensland crow. Mr. Baker, Mr. Boothman and Mr. Stoneham will ever have eggs heaved at them if they do no orse. Mr. E. Holloway, as Father Meehan, is a bit off only in the matter of brogue, his dialect eing a strange hash of Yorkshire, "Cousin-Jack " nd Connaught. A large assortment of Irishmen, most of whom are Irish in spots in consequence of orgetting themselves and leaving their brogue out n various places where it ought to come iu strong, appear during the proceedings, and assist in blasting the foreign invader from the face of " owld Oireland." Miss Lily Damrier is not spirited enough for the high-souled Mary Kavanagh ; we would remind her that a loving girl addressing tender sentiments to her lover would be likely to gaze into his eyes and appear interested iu the proceedings; not having an audience, she would not turn away her face from the adored one, and talk placidly into the middle distance. We could remind this youns lady of many other errors if we had space. Miss Katherine Russell's Kate O'Moore shows improvement on past performances, and Miss Ada Rochfort and Miss Ella Canton gives further proof of her usefulness (sic). CAPITAL programmes and neatly-worded day bills have done the deed, for the Victoria Hall continues to be well attended night after night. That dash of vulgarity noticeable about some of the previous programmes has now entirely disappeared, and, while we took Clark and Ashton to task at the time about it, we must now congratulate them on the change, which is decidedly for the better. Still Ashton has not yet announced on which evening Hi» Excellency the Acting Governor has signified his intention of being present. Slade Murray is, of course, the big draw, and as he now seems to have pretty well gauged his audiences, and has a trunk or two of new songs, things To DARKEN SHEV HAIR.—Lockyer's Sulphur Hair Restores is the quickest, best, safest, and cheapest. Large bottler 1B. Gd Everywhere. promise to go right merrily for man vTuTT~ It is darkly hinted that Slade is about to y ' new local re the Chinese lottery, enH*i rj f 0 ®* Way I Struck Eight Marks." lie does" not J 1 * ever, intend singing this song until he does' T*' e it. Will he have time to learn the wor<l Why, of course be will. Shall the ham i? eb? silent? Ceitingly not. 'PUienfe Of sixpences they've had a lot of Good Old Ma,-y « In fact a trunk of gold they've got of Good Old M ary ^ And Marion, too, a new line's taking And h (eaps of sugar in he's raking, For Dave has taken to book-making. Good Old"Mar-i-on, City ard subuiban sidewalks, and even in ih uncivilised portions of the globe which are evenf 86 ally reached by the Heidelberg train, the urch" U whistle and warble the popular sou^ Char* Palmer is still in the centre. He is looking for with a club. IMow, it strikes us very forcibly the club)—though, mind you, we'd not like to into the witness-box and swear it—that some of th° large attendances at this hall aie due to the fa! that Palmer is looking for us with a club an'dfo why ? because in our last issue we truthfully stated that he had his own compositions printed on sati •and he has ! Miss Minnie and Mr D^ve ' piling up eucoree. Marion has won so much money on recent races that rumour has it he intends buying out the Hon James White. Happeningto knowthat the Honourable Jim's stud is not for sale, we think rumours got a bit mixed this trip anyhow; but this by-the-way. The only Clark iB still to the fore and we are glad to see that Compton is not a oneturn man. Compton is alreany a bis favourite here. Our Amy a* d Luju are also on hand in the first part, and the hearse- coloured Whitburn jingles the tambourine to everybody's satisfaction. The Bonhairs go somersaulting as per usual. Owen Conduit, with one of the best and most compact little orchestras we have ever dropped across discourses sweet music, which is far from being the least attractive item. The customary visionB, ladies scatter themselves over the chairs in the firstpart, Some of those ladies are young. (Some aint.) THE KiDg Laugh-maker, Professor Kennedy, is now giving, without question, one of the most enjoyable performances in Melbourne, in which, as the old saying puts its, "Those will laugh who never laughed before, and those who're always laughing laugh the more." The general query is, "How is it done?" The show is just about as mirthful as it is mystifying, and is well worth a visit. FRESH attractions have been added to the Waxworks exhibition, where a capital bob's worth of amusement and instruction may be had. At Bridge's Art Gallery things are pretty lively, tie main attraction being Ubini's trained troupe of fleas. 