WHAT IS DOGMA ? Tbo following is tho text of a sermon delivered by tho Rev. Mr. Addis at the Aus tralian Church on ttunduy last, ou thu words : — 44 iu that bams hour Jasus rejoiced iu the Holy Spirit and said, 1 thank tfioe, O Father, Lord of huaveu aud earth, that thou didst linlo thc.?e tilings from tho wise and understanding and didst reveal thorn unto babes ; yua, Futuor ; tor so it was wojLI pleasing iu thy bight. — Luc. x. 21." The questiou which I propose to discuss to-night may seem uninteresting, though 1 hope we shall not find it so. But in any case it is a question of the highest importance ; and confused notions on this subjeot are the reason why religious controversy often degenerates into mere waste of words. Many take it for granted that dogma is a name for belief of any sort, and those who plead for an undogmatic Christianity are re- minded that all religion implies definite belief, that he who cometh to God must believe that He is and that He is the rewarder of those who diligently seek Him. Now, this is most true, but it has nothing to do with the case in point. A man may believe with tho utmost intensity of conviction and yet cast dogma to tho winds. There is, moreover, tho less ex cuse for this confusion, because tho derivation of tbo word and its scientific definition corre spond precisely with its common acceptation. 1 turn to an ordinary English dictionary of very modern date, and I find that dogma is "an opinion or doctrine received on authority, as opposed to one obtained from experience or demonstration." I trace the history or the word, and I see that it tallies with this definition. Dogma is a Greek word, which means a decision by lawful authority. It signified, first of all, the decision of a legislative assembly, then a decision of a philosopher received upon his authority within the limits of his school ; lastly, a statement concerning Christian doc- trine imposed us a term of communion by the solemn judgment of the church. It is true that many Protestants repudiate the absolute au- dogma. But then it is one thing to reject tho authority of the church and quite another to reject all external authority in religious belief. Nor does the orthodox Protestant make any pretence of doing so. He knows very well that tho doctrines of tho Trinity or the vicarious sacrifice of Christ, cannot be proved by mere reason or reached by spiritual ex perience. But he insists on the fact that they are contained in the Bible, and, therefore, to be received on tho authority of that God who inspired the sacred writers. Tho case of a man who believes in God is wholly different ; he yields assent to this truth, because reason and conscience assure him of God's existence. We are not asking now who is in the right. For our present purpose we may admit that tho dogmatic Christian is right, that his opponent is right, or that both are wrong. The point is that in such case tho grounds of belief are distinct. Surely it is no hard matter to estab lish so much as this. So clear is tho distinction that we should be obliged to invent a term for it, were it not that a very suitable term lies ready to our hand. Dogma, then, is a decision on religious matters accepted upon authority, but even this definition is incomplete. We accept many statements on the authority of those who know better than we, and this is quite reasonable, provided our asscnt is provisional — piovided that we are prepared to correct or modify that assent by further know ledge. Dogmatic authority will admit of no such half-hearted submission. Our belief must be absolute ; we are required to receive the dogma as the very word of God, and we are told that any cavil on our part, any lingering sus picion that fuller light may prove the dogma miss or out partially true, is nothing short of blasphemy against him who can neither deceive nor be deceived. On what grounds does dogma make these claims on our allegiance? What is the history of Christian dogma ? In effect, the Catholic answers that there is no such thing as a history of dogma. The goddess Minerva, it was said, did not grow from infancy to youth, from youth to' maturity. She sprang full armed from the head of Jupiter, her father. So it was with tho articles of the Christian faith. They were given in their com- plotenuss by Jesus, the incarnate God; they were communicated by him to the Apostles, by the Apostles to the cnurch, and site, guided by the Holy Ghost, has preserved them in their pristine purity, and will do so till the Son of Man sums up the number of his elect, and ap pears in the clouds of Heaven. History deals with things that move and live, and a history of dogma is impossible, because dogma in its sub stance is unchangeable. Heresy is always chang ing. One error succeeds another, and the church rises in her sovereign majesty and smites them with a curse. They pass away, and she remains ever the same, tho best earthly image of God, the eternal truth. Surely, you will object, there have been new definitions. Was it not in a. d. 325 that the coequal Deity of Christ was first defined? Was it not in 1215 that transubstantiation was made an article - of faith? Are not tho immaculate conception and Papal infallibility dogmas of yesterday? " You are mistaken," the Catholic replies. The truth, in all these cases was belioved and taught from tho beginning. But the new error forced the church, not to discover new truth, but to define in formal and explicit terms the faith which she had held all along. No addition can be made to tho Catholic doctrine as delivered by the Apostles of Christ ; at tho very utmost the church can but draw legitimate conclusions from the promises which Christ revealed and clothe his original belief in appropriate words. The great fathers and doctors of the church were raised up to meet and to discomfit the heresies of each succeeding age. In no case has any addition been made to the deposit of tho faith. Hear tbo Vatican council which sat in 1870\. " Supernatural revelation is contained in tiie written books and unwritten tradition which flio Aiiiiuffiu i»(i>ivnil frrtm t.lio liirin t.h nf (!hrist. or which the Apostles themselves received by the dictation of the Holy Spirit, which were im parted by them to others, and which have came down to us." Many centuries beforo tho famous ma..im had been accepted, "Catholic faith is that which has been received always, everywhere and by all." Such is the Catholic position, and, though the Reformation made great changes, it was very far from abnudonihg tho dogmatic principle. It proclaimed the right of private judgment, but it left the authority of the Bible untouched. The Re formers did a mighty work, but they were humau, and, being human, they could not see, any more thau we can see, all the consequcncos of their own principles. They put their bands to things which were most necessary at the mo ment. They swept away the dogmas which offered most offence to conscience and reason at the moment. They did that, nnd they earned the oternal gratitude of thinking men, because they did so much. They wero scarce! gone when a conservative reaction set iu, and their followers outdid the Catholics themselves in their zeal for thu dogma of Biblical inspiration. Nor must we dream that the Protestant churches left a man to ascertaiu by his private judgment what the Bible taught. No doubt they honestly professed to do so, but as a matter oi fact they inherited a vast amount of dogma from tho Catholic church, incor porated it in their creeds, and insisted that tho believer should fiud it, where it does not exist, viz., iu the pages of tho Bible. In vain tho heretic pleaded that neither tho word Trinity nor the dogma which it siguifies was to be found in tho written Word. He might as well have appealed to Pope or council. Ho was told to believo or perish. The Christian name, civil rights, sometimes even life itself, wero the for feit which ho had to pay. Dogma, however, has a history, and tlio theories just stated full to pieces when tested by fact. Jesus, it is said, made a complete dogmatic revelation. But this statement is contradicted by all tho real knowledge we have of Hitn. Ho taught no dogmas; Ho did not even introduce any new dootrine. He taught nothing which had not been taught before. Measuio Him by the dog« malic standard, aud He has no claim to be con sidered a groat teacher. What Josus did was wholly different. He exhibited in His own purion a life of union with God, a life of trust ami love, and in tho strength of this life He He BOugnt to fit them for the kingdom of Heaven. He tried to raLe them from selfish ness and sin to conscious communion with the Supremo. He labored to raiso thcin from the natural life of sympathy and antipathy to a divine life which bound them all together in mutual love and prcparod them for life oternal. In Hiin whs life, and the life was tho light of men. He camo to ca-tt fire upon tiie earth. He founded no church. He did not separate himself from the political or ro- i ligions community in whicli Ho was born, nor | did he call upou His disciples to do so ; still IciS ! did He give any written code, or foresee that thu | faith which Ue delivered was to be committed | to a new collection of infallible books, lie | made nothing of external authority ; He found | the authority He wanted iu the heart of man j touched by tho Divine Spirit. " Blessed are the | pure of heart, for they shall see God." He 1 sought the childlike hcait which unfolds itself i to a Father's love. Doginn, then, is not re- | ligiun, if Jesus was a religious teacher ; and nuuiy things hud to happen before Christian dogma could oven begin to be. First of all, thculogy must arise. We have seen al ready that, according to a common view, theology sprang forward for the de fence of dogma which existed beforehand. The fact is, however, that theology is prior to dogma, and has always helped to create it. Tiicoiogy is due to that natural and legitimate impulse which leads men to speculate on their religious beliefs, to reduce them to system, ami to ascertain then connection with all tiie other truth which they know. Now, Paul does this. He constructs a philosophy of history, so far ns he knew it. Ju.-i as the Jews supposed the nik inust have existed really iu heaven before it came down upon earth, so Paul believed that Jesus, tfie second Adam, the pattern of a redeemed humanity, must have had an catlior life above before he took the form of a servant on earth. So again he had his theory about the end which the Jewish law was meant to serve. All this however does not concern us now. But it is to be observed that Paul is far from identifying this theology of his with the gospel he had received. On the contrary, he carefully distinguishes tho one from the qtber. He rejoices that Christ is weaehed even by his opponents, / Jesus Christ is tbo foundation, and if a man holds to that, lie himself will bo oavod, whatever becomes of the theories lie builds upou that foundation. Moreovor, and thin is ot capital importance, Paul looks for the grounds of beiiof neither iu Apostolic authority norm argument. No, faith depends on tho work of thu diviuo Spirit ou the individual soul. " No man can say Jesus is tiis master, except through tho Holy Spirit." "God has revealed it unto us by His Spirit." Theology made a great advance when men embraced tho Christian fuith who had been trained in the learning of the Greeks. Paul had iusisted that the doctrino of Christ was foolishness. They wero bout on proving it the highest wisdom, and dwelt upon its conformity with tho best philosophy of tho ancient world, Paul had drawn & cloar lino botwocu his speculations and the gospel of Christ. They united tho old gospol with philosophic specula- tioii, and they identified the result with the Chris tian religion. Towards the close of the second century tho Catholic Church with its aristocra tic hierarchy of bishops replaced that depen dence on the spirit, that consciousness of a divine life which had been enough for the simple boliovers of tho first ages. Tho churoh adopted speculations which the theologians had borrowed- in great measure from tho Ifeathen world. A man must believo that Jesus was the Word of God, through whom all things wcie made, and call him a God, on pain of exclusion from Christian communion. Gradually a list of books was constructed whioli, sometimes rightl , sometimes wrongly, wero attributed to tbo apostles or their dinciples. So the procesi went on. For ages and agos theologians continued to dispute, and the church, careful above nil things of her external unity, selected, decided and finally imposed a now article of faith. Not till tho fourth century did she determine tint Jesus was equal to the Father, nor till the fifth that Joaus had two natures. I am not inquiring about the truth of these dogmas, but I maintaiu that, true or false, they aro no part of the religion of Jesus. Long before theology had arisen, or the fiame work of dogma hud heen constructed, Jesus rejoiced in the Holy Spirit, and praised tho goodness of tiie Father who had revealed liiinselt to babes. In conclusion. I nun but brieily touch on the most salient points of contrast botween dogma and tho religion of Jesus— may I not add religion as such? 1. Jesus revoaU God, because tho charac ter of God — his patience, his love, his righteous ness — shine forth in the Son of Man. Jcsiu awakes man to now trust, and sheds fresh light or man's duty and destiny. Dogma often reveals nothing. 44 Love your enemieB," says Jesus, "that ye inay be sons of your Father who is in heaven, for He maketh His sun to rise on the evil and tho good." We can understand that, and as wo practice it we understand it better. But, supposing each word in the Athanasian creed to be true, it teaches lis littlo about God. It has no tendency to mako men hotter. I have no power to understand the pro position that in the one God there are three persons ; and if I had, such a truth could not havo the remotest infiuenoe on my life. 2. Next, though the church anathematises those who reject her dogmas, God, by tho holy lives they lead, manifestly blesses them. Among Catnolics and Protestants, Unitarians and Trinitarians you find those who lead divine lives. Thinking of teu that they live on dogma, they really subsist upon religion, which underlies teeir difference and is deeper than any dogma. 3. Dogma is hard to beliovo and so are the words of Jesus, but in different ways. The unedu cated and unrefieoting fiud no difficulty at all in accepting the dogmatic belief thoy have inherited. On the otiior band, when Jesus says, "It is more blessed to give than to receive," we find that difficult to believe. Not, however, because wo are educated, but because we are carnal men. 4. A very bad man may bu well qualified to judge of dogma. To trace the origin of tho belief in the Trinity and gauge tho v&luo; of that belief requires learning and acuteness of judgment, but not purity of heart. This last, however, is just what the religion of Jesus does require. It is rovcalod to little oneB, to thoso who wait on God nud keep themselves unspotted from the world. Live as if virtue were of littlo moment, forget meroy and truth and gentleness and humility, and the senso of religion will soon dio out in the soul. Wo have no noed to fear reasonable and rational doubt. But when sin assails you, then, as you vulite your roligioua faith and your communion witli God, as you value your sonl, 44 Escape for thy life ; look not behind tliec, neither stay thou in the pluiu; escape to the mountain, lost thou be con sumed." 