WHAT ARE THE WILD WAVES SAYING? [By Bev. William Miller, Union Chnrcb, Lenzie.l " The voice of many waters."—Eev. zix. 6. "What are the wild waves saying?' was the question suggested to my mind when, on looking over the brink of a high precipitooB headland on yon opposite shore (the North Coast of Ireland), I eaw the waves of the Atlantic as they broke on the shore far beneath me. And still, as I kept looking down on them from that giddy height, and as their eonnd rose to my ears, the question kept repeating itself, " What are the waves saying?" At first, how. ever, it seemed as if they were saying nothing; and as if only a wild imagination conld represent them es saying anything. And yet after all they do speak to us. For, like the black marks on white paper which constitute the contents of this printed book, these waves are symbols—symbols of thought—yea, of Divine thought. They are the language which the living God is now addressing to us. Those have quite a mistaken view of the works of nature who assume that God did not make them mean anything, bnt that He made them in an arbitrary, unthinking way, juet as, in a careless moment, you use your Sen in making meaningless marks on the page efore you. God never so UBes His pen. When ever He writes, it is in the way of expressing thought. Whatever He makes, He makes with a purpose. Everything that He inscribes in the book of nature means something. Nor have we here only the| record of (what He once thought and said, for thus also He speaks to us here and now. There is an Unseen Presence ever among us. Whether we are in our homes, or in the house of prayer, or in our places of business, or sauntering by the sea-shore, or exploring some rocky glen, or climbing some mountain steep, or lying on the brink of some lofty surging short, wherever we are, there is an unseen Presence ever ntarus. 1 he Maker of All is beside us He is there speaking to us words of instruction, and en couragement, and warning, which, if we are wise, we shall attentively listen to. But this is frequently forgotton. When the Baptist's ministry was near ing its close, and eager crowds were surrounding bim. wondering and enquiring who this strange man might be, he protested tbat be was not the Christ, but added, " There standeth one among you whom ye know not." The like scene might often times be repeated among ourselves. For on many a riverside, and sea-shore, and public highway, and city street, and mountain side: in many a hall of commerce, and school of learning, and pleasure haunt—yea, and, must I not add, in even the house of God at times—one might lift up Mb voice like a trumpet and proclaim to all within hearing, " There standeth one among you whom ye know not." Of course it Is not wrong to be happy and mlrthfnl. It is not wrong when, in some holiday season, we stroll by the seashore, or climb the mountain slope, or roll about on the velvety heath, to laugh and Bing for joy. And whoever says it is wrong is re bilked by the merry carolling of yon lark above him in the sky, and by tboBe lambs as they joyfully skip about on those ledges of rock from one green tuft of grass to another. But it is wrong to assume that the thought of the Maker of these things must necesarily interfere with our felicity. It is wrong to think that he is the enemy of our happiness, and that If we would be happy we must refrain from thinking of Him. Whoever so thinks of God has good reason to be unhappy, for evidently he does not know God, but is still unreconciled to Him. But the question returns, " What are the waves saying?' We lb ten, and as we listen the sound of their many waters falls upon our ears. But that sound does not seem to he saying anything. Let us listen again, however, and still more closely, re solved to make out something of what they mean. Have you never observed, when standing outside a place of worship in which a congregation was then singing some psalm of praise to God, that what seemed at first to be but an inarticulate jumble of sounds shaped Itself, as you listened to ft more attentively, into intelligible words and sentences, and tbat then, as you continued listening, your own soul caught the strain, and you instinctively began to hum or sing the words and the tune which those Inside were ringing? Or have you never got a letter from a friend which at first sight seemed utterly ille S'ble, but which, as you kept looking at it, unfolded ) meaning to you, word by word, until all was plain? Let this teach us how to listen to the vo'ce of the sea-waves. They are God's parables. Full of predons teaching for us if only we have eyes to see, and ears to ear, and hearts to understand, Weil, what are they saying? Bven this for one thing, " We never rest. Watch them. Under the pressure of a strong wind they rise and surge and foam Incessantly. Bat look again Come back another day. There ia no wind now; notabreath fane yonr temples, and yet those waters are moring etlll. a hey are breaking In gentle rlpplea on the shore, and erer and again there ia a heave and a eplaah at the result of some great power, other than that of the wind, which la at work on the mighty volume of the deep. Thus, day by day. and moment by moment theee watera of the aea keep moving. The tide itself la one great ocean ware, sending ap portions of itself into every creak, and golf, and estuary as It comes up to them, and then drawing these back again as it passes on Its oeaselesi circuit round the world. Nay. whence came the waters, and whither goltbey? "All'the rivers run into the rea, yet the sea is not fall." Why 'pot?. Even because as fast as the sea receives these ' waters from the land it yields them ap agala in evaporation to the sky, to be wafted on the wines of the winds and pour down upon the earth once more. And thus it is that toe voice of these many ' waters is saying,'' We never, never rest." Nor are the sea waves peculiar in this respect. For every where in nature there is a movement—constant, in cessant movement Thus is there movement in the earth on which we tread, in the air which we breathe, in every plant and leal, and flower, In every organ of our body, in onr every drop of blood, ana in the ether which is said to be around all, and in all and to stretch from star to star. The fact that light comes to us from those distant worlds . implies that all the way from them to us that either 'medium is constantly quivering. Now, what ex plains this fact that things are thus in constant motion? We have the answer in these words of Christ, " My father worketh hitherto." Bis is the power whereof all these ceaseless^ movements are the expression. And so they remind ns that we, God's rational creatures, should be diligent too— purposely, resolutely, earnestly diligent, that we should be always abounding In the work of the Lord; that our resting from any partion'ar kind of toil should be not a mere idling, not a thoughtless wiling away of time, but a purposeful and practical thing. But look again. " What are the waves say iDg?" " We obey Jaw." Look at them. At first sight it seems as if their movements were altogether disorderly, as if they were the sport of the wildest chance. And this is specialty so in a time of storm. Urder I Why they seem to be the very embodiment of disorder. 8ee them in their wild ways among these ragged rocks. Bow they came swirling it on this side, and now on that. Anon they go dashing right np against that rock, and pass careering ap to its summit, and then down on to -its shelving side they poor in a series of beautiful cascades. Mow they rush far back from where yon stand, tempting yon to fellow them in order to watch their strange antics, and now they return with a headlong insb, for,leg you to beat a hurried retreat. Now, standing beyond tide-mark yon com posedly view their heaving and rashlng, knowing that to where you are they cannot come, but now again, without a moment's warning, they fling ont a crowd ol spray in which you are enveloped, and by which your ardour 1s considerably damped. In short, all is confusion, disorder, irregularity. You cannot predict tne exact course which even the next wave will take. Try it, and the result will t-how that "the unexpected happens." And yet from the sound of these many waters, so apparently lawless you may hear the announcement, " We obey law." For they do obey it. Advancing and reced ing ; swirling this way and that way; toistng their waters here, curling their crests there, and flinging out their spray yonder, they are strictly, constantly and fully law-abiding. May. there is not even one of the myriad drops which they sand wildly np and on, nor even a Binple psrticle of the sheet of mist which they spread around, but iB obedient to law, in the height to wnlcb it ascends, in the rate at which it travels, in the curve which it follows, and In its swaying movements ere it returns to and mingles with the great volume ot the tumbling waters. " We obey law" ia their nneonscions testi mony to ub. " We all obey it; we obey it always; we obey it perfectly." And here again the waves are typical of all the works of natnre, and not only of those which constitute the non-living world, but those alBO which belong to the vegetable world and to the lower animals. They all obey the laws which their Creator has made for them. Alas, that while all natnre is thns orderly, man whom God placed at the bead of it should be disorderly. Tet so it is. Bis greatness consists in this, that he was made free in order that he might render to God s law a voluntary obedience. Bnt this freedom he has abused by rebelling against God. And so he, the lord of creation 1b the one lawless being in it. " Bow are the mighty fallen!" Oh, thon im penitent one, who has not returned to thy just allegiance, give ear to what the sea waves are say ing to yon! They are rebuking thee for thy law lessness. They are condemning thee for trying to be a law to thyself. They are telling thee that thy fancied liberty is the veriest slavery, that thon art bnt the Devil's drudge, while thon mtghtest he God's obedient servant. Bis ennobled freeman, Bis adopted, happy child. And tbey warn thee that unless thon dost repent thon must certainly perish. For over lawlessness law shall win the day. God will put down all who persist in disobeying Him. "What are the waves saying?" "Wo make lor peace." For as tbey go surging, and swirling, and tumbling, they are steadily making for one point equilibrium. Mo sooner does some force which has disturbed their equilibrium cease to act then back they rash to re-establish It. And the greater the distance to which they have been driven from tbiB point, the greater is the speed with wltich, whenever tbey are set free, they hasten back to it. Thus is the sound of their many waters a cry after their lost calm. It is a cry for peace. And so ia it with commotions in all other departments of natnre. See those lightnings, leaping from cloud to cloud, or flashing do » n to tne earth, scorching and shivering whatever is in their path. What say they ? " We make for peace." Or see that avalanche of enow, or ice, or rock, or earth rasliing down the steep moun tain side, sweeping shrubs, trees, houses, cattle, and human beings before it, or burying them in ita debris. What does it speak? "I make for peace." So it is with all other things in Nature— they all obey law, and therefore they all make for peace. The work of righteousness 1b peace. Bnt what now of nnrighteous men? Is there peace for them? There is. God has made it for them. He is the God ot peace to them, and how? "Behold the Lamb of God wtiich taketb sway the sin of the world." Ton read the answer there. What mean H1b un wearying, t elf-denying labours for the good of men? "1 make for peace." What means His many and great sufferings, His hunger. His thirst, His sweat drops of blood. Bis strong crying and tears, His agonies on the Bcross, Bis yielding np the ghost? " I make for peace." Bear now the message. "He iB risen. Be has ascended. Be is made Lord of all." What means God by this? " I make for peace." "I have highly exalted Him in order that the faith and hope of men might be placed in Me." See that once hardened sinner Inow fall of anxiety because of his sins. What meanB this terror of the Lord for him, " I make for peace. Thns would I win blm to the true peace which I have mada for him in.'Jesus Christ." And what, once mors, does God mean'by the trials which He deals out to believers? His answer is i till the same, " I make for peace." For. thus He frees them from tie evils which militate against their enjoyment of Bis peace. Be it ours, then, by an nnreBerved self-surrender to God in Christ, to enter npon the fail possession of Bis neaee. Let ne live in It, and revel in it, nod grow strong in it, and become more and more holy in it, and with all onr heart and strength serve God In it. For be .it remembered that, though God has made peace for us, yet, If we live in unbelief and sin, it most be Bttll ill with us. Tbussatth the Lord—"The wicked are like the troubled sea when it cannot rest, whose waters cast up mire and dirt." On the shore referred to I saw at one;piace a long stretch of sari ns wtiite as the virgin snow. But atanotherpointnearit,the surg ing waters were thoroughly discoloured with mud, the very foam on their crest being deep-dyed with the colour of the same. It is even so with those who will not obey God. They are raging waves of the sea foaming ont their own shame. " There is no peace, saithmy God, to the wicked." "What are the waves saying?" "We are im partial." About the time referred to I one day entered a steamer which was advertised to sail at a particular hour on a pleasure trip. Bnt when the , hour came it did not start, and for a considerable i time It showed no signs of starting. Why not? The excursionists were all on board, and there was nothing being done In the way of receiving or dis chargtng cargo. What then was the captain waiting for ? "We are waiting for the tide," whispered one of the crew. It was now the time of spring tides, and the water in the harbour was shallower at the advertised time than had been anticipated. " Time and tide wait tor no man." Bnt there ia no men who | must not, in such circumstances, wait for the tide. It will neither come or go at the beck of any man. It over conforms to Its own laws, and so will help men only as tbey make its time theirs. It matters not who or what a ship's company are—pirate •, pleasure-seekers, or philanthropists; it matters not what lis cargo if—bagi of wheat, or burels of whisky, bales of cottin, or boxes o( dynamite, loads of Bibles, or libraries of inBdd literature—the tide will not float It until a given moment. Bat at that moment the ttae will float it. And so it is with Ood'e laws generally. We are helped or hindered just as we conform to or transgress them. With God there Is no respect of persons. "Be no~, deceived; God is not mocked • for whatsoever a man (any man) soweth, that (not something else) Shall be also reap." "What are the wares saying!" "Oat of the ester come forth meat.*1 What a deronrer the sea has been, what poignant sorrow is awakened in many a desolate heart at the mere mention of whas Is called "the drowning seasonI" And yet tbi drowning is not confined to any one season. "Thou hast all seasons for thine own, oh death!" Oh, seal "The sea," aays one, "is the largest of all cemetrles." Boll on, thon deep and dark bine ocean, roll 1 Ten thousand fleets sweep over thee in rain; Men marks the earth with rain—his control StopB with the shore; upon the watery plain The wrecks are all thy deed, nor doth remain A shadow of man's ravage, save his own, When, for a moment, like a drop of rain Be sinks into thy depths with babbling groin. Without a grave, unknelled, uncoffined, and unknown. And yet the sea, which is thus strewed with the dead of the human family, is teeming with life—yea, and is swarming also with what God gives to be the support of human life. And of this, too, one is re minded by the extensive fisheries 'along our coasts. Nor is it the sea alone that has botn life and death for man: for the same is true also of the earth. But more; even death itself, that mighty devonrer, shall jet be swallowed up in victory. The sea will give np the dead which are in it, and all the graves of the earth shall yield their charge. Yea, even already has death come forth from the jaws of death. For thns saitb the Lord. "I am Be that lireth and was dead, and behold I am allre for ever more and " Because I live ye. shall live also." Thus, by death, Be hath abolished death. " O death, where is thv sting ? O grave, where is thy victory! Thanks be unto Qod who giveth na the victory through Jesus Christ our Lord." Once more, " What are the wavea saying ! " " Alleluia, for the Lord; God Omnipotent reigneth." Yea, all Thy works praise Th6e, O God, and Thy saints bless Thee. O I<ord, how manifold are Thy works! In wisdom bast Thou made them all; the earth fa full of Thy riches 1" So is this greatand wide sea. " O sing unto the Lord a new song; for He hath done marvellous things " " Let the eea roar, and toe ful ness thereof; the world, and they that dwell therein. Let the floods clap their bands; let the bills be joyful together before the Lord." And, " Bless the Lord, O my soul I" Amen. 