TOPICS OF THE DAY. A very serious difficulty has developed itself iu tho IIouno of Commons. Ituikes and Hcaton havo olfioially quarrelled over tho everlasting: penny postage question. For a considerable time tho Postmaster-General tolerated the one idea of " tho member for Australia." 'l'liero wero occasions when he eveh appeared to sympathise with it to sumo cstorit. But tho fareo Is played out. Mr. Raikes' patience is exhausted, andon Monday night he had the audacity to apologiso to tho House of Commons for tlio' necessity of having to answer Mr. Hcaton's trivial postal questions. This was a singularly con temptuous way of dealing witli an irrepressible interrogator. But Australia will rejoice to learn that its repre sentative was quite equal to what in all probability was a quite unanticipated emer gency. Hcaton at onco gave notice of a motion of censure on Raikes. This, we take it, should provo the hugest joko of the session. It may bo assumed that " tho member for Australia " has hired a now ghost, and that a scathing speech will bo delivered when tho hour for moving tho threatened censure arrives. The fight should be to n finish. In that event we may yet have tho satisfaction of knowing that Mr. Heaton is as thoroughly understood and appreciated in the House of Commons as ho is in Sydney. Imperial federation suffered a distinct fall in the Imperial Parliament on Monday night; It happened this way : Lord Strath- cden and Campbell had so fully persuaded himself — and not altogether without reason — that the Imperial Conference in which tho Naval Tribute Bill was fixed up was a step towards Imperial federation that ho j proposed that another interesting: gathering I of tho same kind should take placo dnring the present year. But on the advice of Lord Knutsford tho motion was negatived. That noble lord was too canny to invite defeat. The " consultative" dodge could hardly bo worked a second time so easily. Lord Knutsford claimed that the first conference was a success j which it was — from his point of view. Ho hoped it would he repeated, a sincere hope, beyond question. But his lordship was of opinion that it would be premature to hold another coufercnce this year. He endorsed the idea of Imperial federation, but tho realisation of tho idea, lie declared, was de pendent upon the colonies taking tho initia tive iu the matter. Quite so. This narrows tlio prospects of Imperial federation down to the colonial initiative. We hopo Lord Knutsford and his successors at the Colonial Office will always hold on to this view. Thon wo sliall always feci safe, for there will bo no initiative. Tho key of tho position has been handed to us and wo shall know exactly what to do with it. Tlio only big colony in which Imperial federation lias the " ghost of a show" is Victoria. Tasmania might favor it, as that colony is very much in want of something which will impure dignity to a community which has not much of its own. But it is doubtful i£ Victoria could be in duced to lead a movement in favor of full " partnership in the toils and dangers of the Empire." The politicians are willing, but it is possiblo that the pcoplo aro weak. Queensland, New South Wales, South Aus tralia and New Zealand, it is certain, will not talce the " initiative" which Lord Knuts ford desires. So much may be said for the actual development of the sentiment of Australian nationality. 