CHAPTER XVI.-BEYOND THE FALLEN ROOF. When Luke Standish uaw hie sweetheart swoon away and fall Profitrate on the road, he broke the spell that had hitherto kept bim dumb and motionless and sprang to her aid. Taking Kate in his arms, he watted im- patiently for her recovery, for in their present circumstances he could do scarcely anythiug toward quickening her resuscitation. Taking her hands in his own ho felt that they were icy cold, s<. lie bi'gan to chafe them as well as his awkward position enabled him. In a few minutes the girl began to struggle in her lover's arms, and presently ber eyes opened, and she glanced around in a dazed, wondering kind of manner, exclaiming : " Where am I, Luke ? What place is this ? What has tuppene 1 ?" "Don't agitate yourself, darling," he replied. " You will be all right again in a minute." Ho hereupon vestured to press bis hot lips against her pale cheek, adding : " You fainted, you know." His words brought back to Kate in a rush the reco'h ction of the cause of her un- consciousness, and clinging more closely to her sweetheart she cried brokenly : " I saw him, Luke, I saw him ! Yon must have seen him ton !'' " Who ?" he asked. " My father. Ha came right op the road, went past me and you, and then seemed to melt away Into the fall there. You molt have seen him." . "I saw nothing, dear. Bat I saw that your eyes were fixed on something I could not see," " Did you bear anything ?" "No." " But he spoke to me twiee. .First when he went past me, and again juetrofore he dis- appeared amid those stones. Ile mentioned my name each time. It is very strange that you neither heard nor saw bim." "I saw and heard nothing," Luke responded. " You must have fancied these things. I am satisfied now that I was dream- ing as you bave just been doing. We have both been the victims of a heated imagina, tion." She shook her head decisively. " No," she cried, " it is not imagination. In your case it may have been : in miue it is quite impossible. It was as real as suek things eau be. I was fully awake and remember everything. I was sitting there, yon on that stone, when something caused me to look down the road, and there I Baw my father coming slowly towards me. At first I thought he was going to stop, but he only looked at me, whispered my name, and went on past you and towards the fallen roof." " How was be dressed ?" Luke asked. "He had on an old-fashioned cloth cap wide at the top, a blue flannel shirt torn at the elbows, and cord breeches patched at the knees." " Just as I sketched him 1" Luke ejaculated. " Yes. just as you sketched him, and as he appears in the photograph at borne." " lt ia very mysterious," Luke muttered, adding, as Kate rose to her feet, " shall we go now ?" " Yes, let us go," she responded, taking a long last look at the heap of fallen roof. " Mut the mystery of it all seems clearer now to roe." " Clearer ?" he replied, ss they went down the road together. " What do you mean, Kate?" "1 mean," she said, "that I perceive a meaning in «ll that you and 1 have seen. I believe now that toy father never ran away from my mother at all ; that he went neither to America nor Australia ; that he never even left Ashford " " What became of him then ?" " I believe," she replied slowly, solemnly, "That what is left of bim lies up this road under that heap of roof. Be must have got lost in the old workiogs, as you and the others did ; but he was not so fortunate as you were." *' Just what I had somehow began to fancy might have happened," Luke made answer. "It is not a fancy with me," Kate murmured. " It is a conviction. My father left home that morning, seventeen years ago, in the very clothes in which we have both seen him, and never being aeon again, of course my mother came to think he had gone away. I shall never rest eAtisSed until that roof is cleared away." " But how ia that to be managed ?" Luke asked doubtfully. " I don't kDow, but it must be done," she cried, "even ff I bave to come down by stealth and do it myself." " It will take a man a week to do it, Kate." " So matter, it shall be done. I shall go to the manager and tell him all, and he will perhaps have the dirt cleared up." "Perhaps he may. Anyhow we can see what he thinks about it." " What time will be the best to eee Mr. Latham ?" " To-morrow afternoon, I think. He ta a very nice man, and will certainly listen to what we have to Bay, though, of course, we can hardly expect him to believe it as We do." " And my mother ?" " Had better know nothing jost yet. H the 1 manager comente to have the fall cleared np we can tell her then." i And so it waa agreed. i On the following afternoon Lake and Kate 1 repaired to the residence of Mr. Latham, the manager, which lay only a few minutes1 walk from the King fit, and on presenting them- ? eel vea were at once received by that gentle- I man in hia parlour. I Mr. Latham waa a man of fifty, or there- < abouts, and had been connaotea with the i collieries he at present managed for over thirty i years. He had begun his working life at < fifteen as a mining student, and had gradually i worked himself up to his present position, i filling in turns the appointments of Fireman, i Underlooker, Mine Surveyor, Under-manager, and, finally, the honourable and lucrative I post of General Manager. t He was greatly respected by bia workmen i on account of bia genial nature and love of ' fair dealing, and, although he had the reputa- I tioD of being very sceptical on matters of i religion, no man in Ashford had a larger or i warmer circle of friends. For the rest he had I a fine gentlemanly appearance, and «poke with a slight nasal twang that reminded one I of America, and gave to his utterances a I humorous flavour. < Mr. Latham seemed puzzled a little as his < eyes rested on his visitors. A visit from i cither of them alone would not have caused him 1 much «»oder, for he had always evinced a I kindly interest in the young fireman, and had i often spoken to Kate since the afternoon she j fell fi oin the shute. In fact, it waa owing entirely to bim that the handsome pit-brow girl wu« permanently appointed to the place 1 of number-caller. I As bril fly and as clearly as possible Lnke | related the whole story of his singular i experience whilst lott in the mine, and that of I Kate's on the previous night. Mr. Latham i listened incredulously to hts fireman's account of the spectral apparition, and hie sketch of I it, that had been identified by Kate, together I with the finding of the tobacco box bearing i Jonathan Leigh's name, and its recognition ' by Mrs. Leigh, i " Tine is the most singular thing that ever came under my observation," said Mr. 1 Latham gravely, as he examined both the rude sketch Luke had made and tbe photo- i graphic view of the Ked Lion, ''lt appears i incredible, but, of course, 1 cannot discredit your word, BO far as believing you saw it goes. ' Yet it must have been an hallucination or ! mental illusion, for no one believes in ghosts nowadays. That is the only rational explana- i lion of the matter that presents itself to my mind, and I think it the only reasonable one that can he given." Kate shook her pretty head decisively, whilst Luke waa rather inclined to accept the manager's view, lt appeared more probable to suppose that he aaa his sweetheart had been subject to hallucination than to believe that they had received a supernatural visita- tion. Hut the mystery nf it all was not lessened in any way by taking this aspect of the matter. "Then what is your idea of the matter, Mi&B; Leigh!" the manager asked. '. I believe," said Kale firmly, " that it was my father himself that I saw ; that he never left ' ehford at all, but waa lost in thc mine somehow, like Luke and thc otherB, and that he lies beneath the fall of roof." Mr. Latham waa quite familiar with the story of Jonathan Leigh's disappearance : had even a distinct recollection of thc miner himnelf. and thc girl's emphatic utterance bad evidently made some impression upon him, f,-r he asked after a little pause : " And what do you wish me to do » Have thc fallen roof cleared up, and thus either prove or disprove your suspicions !" " Yes," Kate responded quickly, in grateful tones *' that is what 1 wish to be done. I feel certain that my father's remains will be found under thc roof." " Well, we shall see," the manager answered ; then turning to Luke he added -. " How long will it take tn clear up thu fall !" " A couple of men will be able to do it in two nr three shifts, I think." " Then if you have any men to spare to- night set them on to clear away tho fal). Yon need not give the reason for its being dune. Lead the men to think that the dirt is being removed in order that the old workings beyond may be examined, and then, in case Miss I Leigh's suspioions prove to be unfounded, and nothing is found, there will be no talk about the matter, The lovers thanked Mr. Latham for his i Kindness and withdrew. They had a ahort walk together to chat over the result oi their ' interview with the manager, and ere they parted they decided that Mrs. leigh should be taken into their confidence. Both Luke and Kate felt that the clearing away of the fallen roof would disclose something, and the narration of their experiences to Mrs. Leigh would prepare her for anything that might come to light. So Kate went homeward to relate to ber mother the various chapters of the mysterious story, the closing part of which yet remained to be told ; and it need not be recorded that Mrs. Leigh was greatly disturbed on hearing the strange things her daughter related. When night came Luke Standish went to work, aud acting on the power Mr. Latham had given him, he selected two of the miners to commence the work of clearing up the fall. Thc men chosen were Joe Thomson and Harry Edwards, two of tbe three who had been ljst with him in the mine, and as soon as he had given thereat of the night-shift men their orders he accompanied old Joe and Barry to the old road. " Wot are they cleenin this beer fa' up for. Lake !" one of the men asked as they stripped themselves for work. Luke had expected some such question, and bearing in mind the manager's suggestion he at once replied : " Ah think it's being cleared up so that the old workings further on can be examined. We want to know if there's anny gas in 'em." This statement satisfied the miners, and after a few minutes' chat with them Luke went away, promising to return that way in the morning in order to lead them out of the labyrinth. It was between four and five a.m. when the fireman returned to Joe Thomson and Harry Edwards, and he fouud that they had cleared away a considerable portion of the fallen roof. Wondering if they had either «ten or found anything during the night, Luke exclaimed banteringly : " Well, Joe, what han yo' fo'nd ? Some goold amang t' dirt; or haply yo'n seen a ghost or two t" About half the dirt had been cleared away, and sufficient had been removed to enable one to scramble over the top into the road beyond. Luke saw this, and climbing np the dirt-heap, he slid down the other side, never dreaming of the startling discovery he was about to make. On reaching thc other aide of the fallen roof Luke took a step or two along the low road, glancing casually about, and suddenly his attention was drawn to something lying against the aide of the road. He hastily stepped forward, bent low to examine the thing he saw, and then a hoarse cry of terror left his lips and he dropped on hie knees like one who was paralysed. Wu he dreaming or mad ? There before bim lay the semblance of bis eketch-the figure ol Kate Leigh's lather-beard, face, clothes-everything-just as he had before sees him. But Luke waa soon convinced that what be saw was no illusion due to either madness or slumber. His cry of terror had startled Thomson and Edwards, and hurriedly scrambling over the roof-heap they ran to his side, to be appalled also by the sight cf that which bad so terrified Luke. In a little time, when the three men recovered their voices, thc younger man, Harry Kdwards, asked in an awed whisper : - "Who is he. Luke!" The fireman remained silent, but Joe Thomson spoke, and BIB words set at rest for ever all Luke's doubts regarding the identity of that silent, terrible form lying there before them, " it's Jonathan Leigh!" Joe cried. "Bur heaw has he gotten beer I Ah thowt he went to Mericy teens o' heeurs sin' 1" " Yes," Luke responded, in a strange undertone, as if he were afraid to waken the sleeping figure, " it is Jonathan Leigh, Kate Leigh's father. You knew him, Joe ?" " Ah did, Luke ; ah knowed bim weel," Even as the men epoke the abject of their speech seemed to be vanishing away. It was the merest shell-scarcely more tangible to the touch than a shadow ; preserved so long only by having been excluded from the air j and now, wltn the fresh atmosphere playing upon »it, it began to loBe each moment distinctness cf outline, and before they left the spot that which at first to them appeared a I sleeping man bad become an undistinguish- able beap of dry bones aod mouldering raga. j In one of tbe adjoining roads, a piece of ' brattice-a kind ot rough canvas used in mines for ventilating purposes-was found, and in this the last remains of Jonathan Leigh were carefully gathered and carried to the pit bottom. An hour afterwards tbe news of the extraordinary discovery was being disoassed j in every corner of the mine, and by noonday the newe was all over Ashford. j Along with the bones of tbe dead man had been brought from thc mine auch articles of his attire aa had withstood the wear and tear of time. These articles were at folio« a :-An old cloth cap, with leathern " neb," or peak ; a pair of clogs, such as miners wear in Lancashire ; a few shreds of clothing ; and, finally, a broad belt of leather, in no way I damaged by either its long imprisonment or ghastly work of girding a dead man's waist. j These things were carefully guarded by Luke, and on asceuding the shaft he placed them in Kate's peession, after telling her of the discovery. The intelligence upset the Biri very much, sud, at Mr. Latham's suggestion-tbe manager happened to be on the brow when thc fireman came up the pit she had a holiday. There ie no occasion to dwell upon what I followed. Mrs. Leigh, when the inquest was held a few days later, identified the cap, clogs, ' and belt as articles which her husband used to wear : aod Joe Thomson testified to having recognised th« remains as those of Jonathan Leigh before the air shattered the dead shel] to dust. < f course there was not the slightest evidence forthcoming as to how the deceased caine by his fate It was generally supposed that be had got lost in the old workings, aud that the fall of roof bal imprisoned bim, leaving him to die an awful lingering death. The verdict WUB one of death by mis- ad vea tore. At the inquiry nothing was said by either Kate or Luke of their spectral visitations, nor was the rinding of the. tobacco box bearing the dead man's name mentioned. Any allusion to those matters might have aroused a curiosity which thoBe concerned thought it better not to awaken. And so the inquest passed away without anyone suspecting the extraordinary manner in which thc unfortunate Jonathan Leigh came to be discovered, and in due course his remains were interred in the Ashford Cemetery. The ead event brought to both Mrs. Leigh and her daughter not only the sorrow that might have been expected, but also a feeling nf sad satisfaction. It was more pleasant for them to know thut Jonathan Leigh had been the victim of misfortune, than tu think, as they used tn do, that bc was fake to his man- hood and his marriage vows, and a renegade to his wife aud child, A day or tw o after the discovery behind the fall, Luke Standish cc visited the place, and whilst examining the obi workings lying beyond he found an old Davy lamp which bad evidently belong-d to his sweetheart's father. He had occasion to visit the spot frequently during the time he acted as night fireman at the King Pit, but never again did he see any thing uf a spectral character. ( To he contintwd.) 