TALE: The Ghost DeadBell. It is now many years sinco I was quartered ?with my regiment in. Vienna. Among tho acquaintances which I formed there was u young nobleman who. was in tho Imperial Guard, Baton Von Stoingraff. Ho wna tho solo descendant of an anoient Syrian family that had lived for centuries in a oastlo near Salzburg. A finor-heartnd follow eould not ho found ' in his Imperial Majesty's dominions, nor a hotter soldier in the army than Friodrieh. Prank and gay as n companion, ho was a favourito with his own box, uniJ n good flguro, to say nothing of a good property, mado him not unacceptable with old mammas and young daughters. Friodrioh, hov/over, sooraed to bo no marrying man, though ho had nothing misogynistie in lus nature When our friendship hud grown into closo intimacy I happened to banter him on tho subject of matrimony, but Friedrioh as sured mo gravely that he had resolved nover to marry. 'Not,' suid he, ' that I have any disiucli . nation to the matrimonial state, but Futo, cruel and inexorable, has forbidden mo to enter into it.' I stared at him in silent surprise After a moment hn told mo how, ?when a child, ho had met a Ziogounerinri, or gipsy woman, from Bohemia, as hu crossed a wood noar tho Sohloss. Sho had stopped him, looked into his hnnd and Baid — ' Young Herr, whon yougo to marrya wifo, tako heed. TJio way to God's Altar lies through God's acre !' ' Woll !' cried I, laughing, ' that was a safe prophecy. A man cannot well got to tho ohurch door unless ho walks through tho churchyard.' Friedrich shook his hoad. ' That was not hor meaning, ' snid ho, 'but rather that I must die on the bridal day. Thoreforo, dearfriimd, I shall nover marry. You may think me su porstitioua and a foul, but thoro have boon stranger things known to our family !' He shivered and turned pale, but justaB I would have questioned him: he laid his hand on my shoulder and added, 'And now, Haupt.uanii, let us never apeak of this again !' ? A year passed by and I was far away in tho north of Germany, when I got a letter from Von Steingraff. It announcod his coming marriage with a young lady of his own ooun try. 'My dostiuy,' ho wrote, whatever it may bo, I must work out. I could not resist my passion for my little Roosohon. Ss como to mo as soon as you can, and who knows but your happior interpretation of tho gipsy's prophecy may be tho truo one f' I laughed heartily as I closed tho lottor. Tho old story ! 'Woman's tonguo had ovor como man's resolvo — pretty Roosohon had whipped tho withered gipsy from tho field ! and ao saying, I packed for my journey and tho morrow found mo on route. At tho closa of a lovoly autumn day I drove along tho road between Salzburg aud St. Gilgon whero it skirts tho picturesque littlo lako of Mondsoo, so snugly ombosomod in precipitous hills clothed with pine and larch. Not far from this stood tho sohloss of my friend, built closo to tho ruins of a suppressed monastery, aud sheltered by the dark forest on whoso tree-tops tho evening sun glinted warmly. Thither I worked my way — but slowly — for tho approach was steep aud oir cuitous, and by tho time 1 reached tho on trance and stood under tho heavy arohoa of tho doorwav tho sun had fink ami t.hn m-nnt. stono mass of building was lying in gioom. This gave mo a strango unpleasant feeling, which inoroased as I stood knocking for many minutes at tho heavy open portal without re sponse from within. Was I, then, not oxpocted! And at this hour I shook off a sensation of norvoiisness, and beat loudly on the paneling with my olosed fist and with thohoavy handle of my riding-whip. Thero was the sound of tho slipping of bolts on tho inner door, aud with a sense of relief I knew that my last Bumnionn hud been answered. Thon tho door opened and before mo stood n person who looked moro liko a holkzueoth, or woodsman, of the discriot than tho servitor of u woll-ordered establishment such ns I beliovo Friedrioh's to bo. Ho car ried ulamp'iuhfa hand aud over it ho regar ded mo suspiciously. I stated who I was, and desired him to couducb mo to his master. To this ho mado no roply but shaking his ill looking head motioned mo to follow. AVo oros3sd tho groat hall and entered a small chamber, where my strango guard deposited tho light and left mo without a word. ' A strango welcome,' I multsroi ?' from a bridegroom to his beat man,' und thou I looked about mo. Tho room in whioh I stood alouo was olo gautly and most comfortably furniishod. There ?were cuaas well filled with boolta running along tho walls, and above them rnoks hold . ing outious weapons, many guns, spears and hunting gear. An escritoire of exemisito ?workmanship stood near tho firaplaco. but no' cheerful firo glowed on the hearth, :i few half burned logs lay on tho iron dogs, nnd again tho struug-o feeling of gloom and norvouinoss settled upon mo. Suddenly conscious of somo other presence, I looked up from tho eheorloss hearth. A servingman stood oh tho doorway. Bowing respectfully, ho onf-rcd tho room and iu a few words solved tho mystery of my str.ingo re ception. On tho very day his nwstor had written ma ho was .prostrated with a sorions llluoss nnd ho was now in tho oight day, struggling with tho dolirium of fever. Tho doctors of St. Gilgou deolnrcd tho case to bo hopolotid, but -wore in almost constant atton danco. Ono ha:l iust loft tim vnm.ir TWnn and had said ho would roturu, na tho crisis would ocour that vo;y night. I nood not nay how this iutvUigouco alFcotod me. . I determined, of course, to awuit tho issuo and asked to ho whown in I'liedvich's chamber. lua few momotitfl I stood by tho bodsido of my dearest friuud und looked down on a poor, shattered boing, with Hashed faoo, burning lip und irlassod eye, tossing and ruv ing, whoso hand was uuooiihuiocm of my lov ing pressure, whoso ear turned from my words of afleotion. I sat besido him for hours From time to timo I oould distinguish words hrough his mutter/og-j; whioh told how thb bewildered spiirt wro&tled; with horrible plinn toms. With appalling incongruity ho min gled scenes of tho bridal chamber and tho chapel vaultjUow calliug on his bride to wrap hor grave-clothes about her, now bidding tho sexton pledge him in a etiull of wine. Terrible us all this wuh to heir and puinfulto kco, I determined to watch through the night, and tho faithful old butler beggMl to remain also. Indeed, I felt so nervous and distressed that I wus glad of his company. Tho doctor ?was to return at midnight. When it wanted but two hours of that timo, Friedrich who Imd gradually ceased his raving, fell into u stupor. I left the bedsido uud wont to sit by the firo. Old Klaus throw on a fresh log and iilled a glass with Hungarian wiuo from a ilask on tho table. I noticed that tho old fellow's hand trembltdand that liis oyes wero full of tears. I spoke a few words of comfort and he cobbed aloud : ' Alas ! Herr Hauptmunn, my mind mis gives mo sadly ! I fear, every moment, tliat I shall hoar tho dismal ringing of tho Ghost DoadBell!' At this uncanny title, I shivered. 'But what may that bo ?' I asked anxiously. , 'Aoh! What an old fool I nm. iforgetBomo times — but forgive it !' 1 But Klaus,' said I, 'what did you mean?' Klaus bent toward mo, his old faoo drawn with fear. ? Tho bull that rings out tho lifo of every Von Stoingratl',' said ho, ?with sup pressed emotion. I suppose I looked both stnrtlcd nnd inter ested, ir.-.d the old gorvant, glad of sympathy and attention, continued in a hushed voice . 1 Mayhup you obsoi ved the monastery near tho castlo, sir, as you camo up tho drive f ' Ay. Klaus, and a fino, old ruin it is, with its bell-towor still standing !' ' A ruin now, sir, but it was onco a grand and holy placo with its lord abbot, and monks and broad, riohlands. AVoll, sir, a long timo ago — I don't know how many hundred years — tho Baron Stehigrail' of that day who lived then in tho old Schloss higher up in tho hills above tho Krotousno — had a quarrel with tho abbot. Tho baron was a fierce and haughty man that cared littlo for church 'and priest, aud tho abbot was ns haughty in his way, so tho feud grow deadlier every clay. At last tho abbot swore on tho holy relics of Saint Wolfgang that ho would excommunicate tho baron. And the baron sworo by tho cross upon his sword hilt that ho would tear tho frock ofE tho abbot's back and drivo him nnd his moulrs out of tho monastery. Tho abbot was as good as his word, aud so, on the feast of tho blessed Saint Wolfgang, ho nnd all his monks walked in procession through tho church up to tho high, altar, mid tho groat book was opened nnd tho anathemas road, and then tho bell was tolled and tho lighted caudles extinguished and thus tho barou was excommunicated . ' Well ! Tho beli was still tolling nnd tho priests wero on thoir way back down tho aislo whon tho shouts of the baron mid his wild men- at-nnns, his jiigera and holvkneohts rang at the walls and sledges and great piuo boama were battering at tho gates. 1 Short work thoy made of it ! 1 One mud fellow seizod a splinter of wood and lit it at tho altar and thea ho fired cho panels and tho roof and the dry wood was all soon in a blazo. The- baron, as if posaessod by an evil spirit, seized tho bell-ropo and rung out a wild x)oal of triuinpb. But tho abbot walked up to him, dressed hi all his robes, and holding up his hands cursod him in tho niimo of the Blessed Trinity, and said — ' ' As tho Evil Ono peals that bell now through your hands, so shall ho peal it whe lm claims tho soul us it passes from tho body of you and of yourson, aud of your son's son, in eicoulia, siuculorum, Amen !' ' So saying the abbot called his monks and thoy wont their way down to tho Lake of Aver. But the barou and his followers throw themsolves upon tho holy men and tore tho frocks from their buclcs and threw thoir books iuto tho hike. Tho baron thon seizod tho mocstsry lands and hold them, too, for might was right in those days, and ho built the present oaatlo hard by tho ruins of moustery lest tho abbot and hia retaineis should rully uud seek to regaiu their old possessions. But thoy novor did, for the abbit was not ovor lovod in tho country, and tho baron was too powerful to be lightly meddled with, si- tho monks built them a now monastery, where tho Uiiuroli ot Saint Wolfgang now stands. ? Timo passed on and tho bai-on had woll nigh forgotten that abbot or mouk had ovor dwelt within tho old blackoned monastery walls. ' Ono wild winter's night tho baron «at with his retainers in the great hall, drinking and revolliug, as was their wont. Tho wind howled iu gusts fitfully, aud in tho pauses a loud knocking was heard at the open door, *ho very door by whioh you entered this oven ing, Herr Huuptmunu. Tho Thiirhiitor, when ho opened tho door, mut no ono, though tho moon was at that moment shining through tho drift of tho elouds,,but ho felt ». 'cold blast sweep across his faoo. So ho shut tho door again, and thought it must have been tho storm that huddoceivod him. ' Tho next moment thoso in tho hall saw a nionk in a black habit, with his oowl drawn closoly over his head, outor and walk up without a word to whero tho baroa was sit ting. Thon the n onk dra:w bank his hood, nud an old withered fuco, ghastly piilo, but stern and fierce, guzod, undaunted, on tho uaron. ' Tauscml sakcrmsnt .'' shouted tho barou, starting iu rago ; ' doer of an abbot, what brings you hero ? Truudlo out tho shaveling aud sot the hounds upon him.' ' Tho abbot raised his skinny arm, and said inn hollow and solemn voioo : 'This night twenty years you aud I mot. 1 am on my way to the abboy. Follownio.' 1 Tho abbot rotired as ho oamo, no ono dar iug to hinder or to harm tho holy man, _' ' Zutu henksr' to tha.hiUijrmau with him, cried tho baron, choking with l'flgo, uud springing after him. . That momout tho old bell poalod out with n: wild clang from tho tower. Tho buroninhid haa'to tripped over a stuol and foil to tho ground. Wlioa thoy lifted him up ho wuu dead. 'Twits siid.hu died of a. lit. Maybo ho. But tint vory uight onu of tho hoUkncahts returning to tho villugo from, tho Rioson up iu tho hills is.3 ho passed tho tower heard tho old boll pmilitig and saw a procession of monks following a bier, and disappearing within tho ruius. Next morning tidings iiamo that tho old abbot had died tho day boforo at St Wolfs gaug's, but when or whoro ho was buried nobody ovor now.' Old Klaus ceased and sat looking iu tho firo. ' A strango wild talo ;' I said, lightly, un willing to confess myaclf moved bv thoBtory. 'HaBtho Ghoht-Bell never boon hoard since thnttimo?' Old Klaus shuddored, ' Ay, sir,' ho answered, gloomily, 'whonover tho noul po3soss from tho body of a Yon liteingvnit, but I am not willing to boliovo that tho Evil Ono dfiTOolnim tho spirit of my dew, young mastor — ono so good Jmd'iioblo us lu- ?' und again tho old sorvunt fell to weoping. 'Hush, Klaus,) lost you disturb him,' I said hastily, although a glanco lit. my poor Friedrich well-nigh assured mcthatfow sounds would disturb him moro. Thon I paced tho room and out iuto tho hall nud down tho stairs, for I heard tho sound of horses at tho gatos and I know tho physician had como. I lot him go up alono, while I sat for a fow moments in tho littlo ohainbor I had boon shown to on my arrival. I oould not tako my mind from thostory of the Ghost-Boll. I am not naturally credulous, but the shook I had received altor tho weariness of my four noy ot woverul Uaysluul, I suppose, told upon ray nerves. I stole i up umioitioro to tho mule room. Tho phyoiuiun nut nt tho foot of tho bod. FrioJrirsh seein'id to bo Hleopiugquiotly. I hoped this might bu a good sigu, but, to my enquiry, tho old physician shook Ids head sadly : ' 'Tis tho uleep that will wako only in death,' ho answered sadly. ' An hour will decide, but bo prepared for the worst — I can g!vo but-little hopo;' ? ~~ Impellod by I know not what, I suddenly asked : 'Doctor, whiit would luivo ca'usod this sudden illness '. 3Iy friwid hawhud tlio most perfect health nil his lifo. Ho ouco told mo ho lind never beon ill. What would havo ouused this fever ?' ' God iilono can loll !' nuHwcrod. tho physi cian piously. ' Tho young baron was with uie tho day previous to his illnoss, and budo mo gaily enough to duneo at his wedding. I nover saw him looking better. Ho wna on horsebacK.uud rodo swiftly out of St. Gilgeu, reiniug up hia steed for un instant, to throw money to un old gipsy, who stood, Her hand outstretched by thu vend. Always kind,' added tho good doctor, ' always noblo ! I have known him thus as boy uud num.' And tho usually cold man of scieneo brushed his hand across his oyes. I took his other hand in my own and pressed it warmly. Then I got to tho chamber blow. Old Klimso crept after mo. Ho seomed to cling to mo for sympathy. I sat down by tho lire with a heavy heart. I pondered on tho doctor's words. I found my self wondering why I had put tho question to him, and then I recalled word for word, his auswer. A sudden thought shot through my brain. _Ho had spoken of an old gipsy who stood with outstretched hand by tho roadside Another aoeuo roso beforo mo. A fair- haired lad with his firm palm held frankly out — a -withered old faco bent over it, and I seomod to hear tho quaveriDg voice, mutteriug tho prophecy : ' Young Herr, take heed to your wedding-day ! Tho way to God's altar lies through God's ncro !' 'Klaus!' I asked sharply, ' whon was your master to havo been married ?' for Friodrioh had nientiojed no day in his lottor — ' Wo will talk over orory thing whon you como,' ho wroto. ' Aeh, Mom Herr ! But to- morrow !' 1 eeemedto turn cold all ovor. To think of other things I questioned Klaus coucorniug the young lloescuen, whoso cup of happines3 was si) soon to bo danhod from her lips. I leai-ncd thnt sho was lovoly and umiablo and deeply enamoured of her handsomo lover. His illness had been kept from hor as long as possible, aud though sho knew hor marriage must bo postponed, sho dreamed, asyot, of no change-. ' Alas !' said Klaus, ' should my lord not recovor, I fear it will go hard with tho sweot young lady, for sho loves him moro than lifo. Who knows but thoro may bo two burials rather than ouo bridal.' ' The way to God's altar lies through God's aoro !' Would tho words over ccaso ringing in my oars '( I shook myself impationtly. A coiu oideneo— a sad coincidence — that was all ! And. my griof had surely unsettled my mind. I picked up a book from ono of tho shelves and tried to read. Tho words swam on (ho page. Not a sound was to bo hoard eavo tho ticking of tho great clock iu tho hall. I laid down tho book and sighed. Just then tho clock tolled tho midnight hour. Tho deop boll struck twelve times loud and clear, and mechanically I counted every stroke. Midnight ! A sudden thought — tho crisis. Then my poor Friedrich might, even now, bo passing tho portal of Eternity ! I wa3 aboui to spoak to Klaus when I discovered that ho slopt, exhausted, on tho hearth. ' Poor faithful eouI !' thought I. ' Rest thoro awhile — you may awake to tho deepest grief.' For I realized that ho, liko myself— liko Roeschen — must loso, with Friedrioh, that which ho best loved on earth. So I roso noiselessly, and passed sudly and ulouo into tho great sumo hall. A breath of cold air swopt mj' olicolc. It camo from tho ond of tho hall — down thoro, toward tho outer doors. I was pierced through with its chill .touch. Certainly, the outor doors must bo open ! Could Klaus, in bis anxiety, havo forgotten to closo them aftsr tho dootor's entrance P I pooled through tho vista of dimly-lighted arches toward tho -m- trrnico and moved a fow atop3 in that direo tion. As I did so, I was suvo I hoard a muffled knocking at tho portnl. I listonod intontly, and af tor a moment tho sound was repeated and followed almost immediately by tho slipping of a bolt. Still I saw no ono an'd I conoluded the Bounds must como from somo other part of tho Sohloss. I was about to turn aud dosisfc from investigation, whtn I again felt that icy blast n\voap my faco and throat. Thoroughly startled, I strained my oyes to seo raoro clearly beforo mo, thoy baoumo gradually aosr.it :n.Ci to tho somi-dnrkiiess ana ± perooiycd ttio massive doors awing in ward on their great iron hinges, to admit a tall, dark fignro in hood and cloak. 'A priest!' I thought, instantly; then the thought was succeeded by another. ' Friedrioh is not a Catholic 1 Who has sum momed him? Tho doctor, perhans !' And then again : ' Who has admittod him ?' I, myself had seon this dark figure pass through doors bolted and barred ! I had hoard his raufilod knocking ! I saw him, now, boforo mo — uud ' yet 'f a certainty I ltnow that none hiid bade him enter nor had any hand unclosed tho gates to give him entrance'! Smitten with a nameless fear I stood, or rather leaned, against one the scono pillars for support. Tho dark figure now moved toward ino down tho hall, Nearer— nearer it camo ' aud I saw that I was right — it vf as tho figure of a priost. As he passed closo besido ma his oowl fell back and rovealod an old, wrinkled, ashy faco iu wbieh wore sot two gleaming eyes — blaok nnd evil. Ho looked not to tho right nor to the loft, but as ho passod up the wido stairs, ho raisod ouo thin, white hand above his head and the dark sleeve fell back and showod tho skinny, withered arm, bare to tho elbow. I stood frozen with terror to tho spot ? I knownothow long — when a harsh sound smote upon my oar. J.t wan followed, by a shrill scream mid old Klaus rushed from tho room and throw himself at my feet. 'God havo inoroy upon us,' ho shrieked, almost crazed with fright, ' the Ghost-Bell !' Again cavno tho hurah sound — tho olanging of au iron bell ! It smoto cruelly upon my shattered seuao — wild, fitful, irregular — and, God forgivo mo ! not as huinuu baud could have rung it ! I flow up tho stairs— Klaus closo bohiud mo. In a moment I was in tho Baron's chamber Tho physician hid liis cold hand on miiio— I saw tho truth written iu liis faco — ' It is ovor,' ho sniil.' Ho ia ileud !' — Dublin b'nivcrxily Magazine. 