AWAKENED. DY MI31s. S, S. ALrnIc?r. StIcO a pretty Iorne it woas-anold farm house, partially moderaised, with a big bay window; broad piazza, and sunny verandas, anal an old-fashlonedporeh at the back over which the morning glories clambered. SuThe wide green lawn in front sloorse down to a graded village street not tleni m tese walk from a large summer hotel. Buit back of the house acres and acres of riioh, level farm land stretcled away, where sleek cattle fed, and where big barns waited for the luxuriant crops of hay and grain that filled tle wide mowls wten the haying season was over. Clydo Grange was considered the finest farm in all the:country round, and when tle -young-master, Willos Clyde, live years before, brought to it his pretty wife, smilly, people said site was a fortunate woman. But Milly in hier lovely Ihome, was not entirely happy. She was young and some tting of a dreamer, at t sU l ad that old faslnhined notion tlat hushands ought to be lovers. And Will, thouglh Ie Iad been an ardent lover, mon settled rlnvn after his marriageto his farm- and its duties ina very prosaic wao -.., I • l y, hos dainty shle was, witlh -her pnk and hiiate face and her dove-like eyesl And theounglso young, sie was a most capable housekeeper, and the kindest mistress n the world, as Aunt Dolly, tihe cook, and Keom, the stout. Irish housemaid, could both testify. :-: , 'Every oomin-ain tlte rambling old house was tastefully arranged, and in m manulate order. Shemado charmistog toilet, too for I Will bo hlt Iter beantifas clothes.. - "fut, lh, dearl ilts tho ught'so often, with tears an Iter.pretty ' eyes, "wlbat ais the 'se of changing mydressoat all except fsrm" own pleasurla? l illtwould never laow vhlether aIworn a satin era faded calico gown." - : re had.bought for aer own exclusive use a gentle pony and a pretty dog-cart; and though he was never too busy to harness it for her, t:l careless way I w ould' toss her tim linso-'afterward made rilly reiember, t thougl gill forgot, tlat the happiness of lifeto ton woman at least, was made up of little ttingsa , . Delighitfl afternoonteas she gave, some times indoors, s'smetime' on the t-ride, beantiful'-lawn. : lAnd trhey were always largely attended, for pretty Mrs. Clyde hIad hlasts of friends at thae bi hotel and about a the village. Other people were not utsn mindful of her charms if hler luslmnd was. And when sometimes at their tennis or cro quet Will passed throuaglh the) yard on his I way to the house or field--Will, withl lis broad, handsome shoulders and drooping black moustacle--andl carelessly touchled iris hat to thle players, for Ie knewlthem all, I tim tell-tale flish on Billy's check, and the sprkml in tar soft eyes, shloel how proud 1 le was of hlier farmer husband, Willis Clyde was a handsome man, Iond somerfar tlaneven aristocraticNeal livers, 1 w itl hais six .feet of stature, lis blondelo I moustache, and lafughing blef eyes that coald look so steely, Iitterly srcaustie. lie and his mother And ais Couasin Clare were I summering at'tihe hotel. They came early in Juno when Neal was just recovering frm a fever, and looked very tnmech like a long limbed ghost. Long ago lie hlad grown rown, anl, strong, but lie still lingered, though July toad gone, and the flery auouthed tiger lilies lad opened their eyes I to the blazing Aug?st sunshine. I It'was tie day for Longmead picnic; a alumbrous August day, almost sulphlirous with intense leat. The long, dusty road t stretched away like a winding walte ser- I pent between the green hedges, making even the thought of cool, shadowy wood- I lands a deliglht on such a morning. They a started at ten o clock; Iilly, who could not I coax Will to go with hler, riding with tia others in a large van. Neal Rivers drove his Cousin Clare and Madge Winters over in his buggy. low glorious tile woods were after that i dusty three miles'" rive I They were soon scattered abont in toe shady grove, looking like tropical birds. Swings flashed through the air, with their merry burdens; long tables were spread betweeri the-trees, and far hack in some cool retreat a bond played dreamily. Billy enjoyed it all, but site was ab stracted and more than usually quiet. Will could not come with Ier. and of lat site foundal hlerself wondering if it wa-s quito tile tlint'roarle"to'o no smauseh without hii. I Neal Rivera as talways with lier; wiy, sihe told hlerslf, sile really saw more of aIn in a week titan she saw of ler Isband. Thant snrely was wrong. t Bat whly did lie men opolise ter so, .hben lie knew sie Iad at 1 husband ? i'eralps, andl sielo caughit her breatlh quickly, lie was lirting witlh lher, as Badge told hlim tihe otlher day lhe did flirt witllh every girl, adding that hie ouglht to get I avife all stol, suach nonsense. And though a lie laughed, lis face flashed as he .said rather impatiently,- . "If tlhat is meonly safeguane, tle clhances are that I may, flirt all my life, for I shall never lave a wife." Hie had a pleasant way of doing things, ana sit had enjoyed his attentions so muchi at first, as if hie had been her brotlher; but now, now she was suspicious of everything, and flushedl tat paled if she caught iss eyes quite unlike herself. And Madge told lasn "Ile wias like a restless ghost, and could not keep quiet long enough to enjoy I Himself or let anybody else do so." After te ldelicious dinner, Neal propodsed that Badge and Billy should row withs him across tie lake back of the grove, to at little island wllere some rare ferns grew among the rocks. At first Iilly declined; but Mad'e persisted so earnestly that lto ireluc tantl'y consented. As it was cooler-now, antl quite a breeze was blowing, theyshad a merry, pleasant row. When the boat's keel touchted tile shore, and 2tr. Itivers was alrealdy landed, Budge, wio was always a careless maide, folunl to her dismay that slte hlad lost oneo of tile beautiful bracelets hier father had given lher only a slhobrt time before. "01h," she moaned, "I must go right back and look for it. You go asoro:wsith Mr. Rivers, Billy, nndwhen I find it Itwill come directly back to you. Dot't go for the ferns until I come, for I want to go too." QOal,no, adge," Milly saidsturdily "I ampoing back to help you find yyour brace let. . . "What foolislness, witlls all that crowd of people to hlelp me, 3lilly! Please get omit-tihe man can row so much faster with out you" IlBut lilly still Ihesitated. She did' not want to go ashlore withIMr. Rivers, and hier face showve it plainly. : "Come," Ie said, in that masterfnl way hle had, hlolding out his hland to help her, I "Come, little t'uritan,"addingwitlh asithtly sarcastic laughl, "tlhere are no bears on tlhe island to devour us while BIadge is gone, so do not fear. I have been lhere before and know every foot of it." And as te saw her rvexed, flushled face he 1 laugled again, bait she gave Ihim hier hand and stepped asliore. Thsey went a little way anp tise bank, to wlere a lurge maple threwits coolshadowg, and aftere r. Rivers lad arranged BIilly'a sanwl over tite stones so as to make a com fortable seat, be tlhrew himself on tbeograss beside her, fanning himself viths Isis stis hat. Thtey-sat tlms a good whlile,-not talk iamuglau watchtinggtloi lecat-quiver across tib luke like molten'silver. For tha breze blad gone aiovn again, and again that sulphurous teast was cvcrye-here. Liglst clouds obscuredlthe sun, nour and the1, and in tla wvest huges " thunder-lIaadsl lailed thlcmselves tap. - , Sut tlery took no notice tlat a sloawer was coming, oneof those sudden downpours thlat only eom.in the lurid Ieat of dog days. It s-a -two hourscby ~Mr. River' watela, and stillno uIadgo, no hoot. "Tlat careless'girl has ?robably forgotten all aboat us," ItsaNid, nasag. Tie sunsv-as oblscured by tis ime, ana tlarew vas a lowl moanng of win. tthrough the leaveS, lie looked about hastly, taking in tie situation at aglanee, 1Iow could la save" been so careless as to toa.kno uled tht a sllower wans. coming? For even as he looked tbsere was'a-fOasisand the tirst mulird roll of tlsundcr. SIows white lilly'sa e sal-.f-.eer since :tt could remember, she hlad boc frantically afraid in a thunder, shower.. Evenin itse safe shelter .of her homo.slaei sometimes nearly fainted withi fright, and nouse- "To the hoat-house, quack! Itis .our onliy slter," he Ismid, hastily 'taking hlae They reacnhed it" just as tile first wild terrent of ramin dashed down. I tIo made tto lannsy door fast;uaid then w:ent back:to wiser sale wacs standing-for tlhere cvms notlaing to sat down:upon bua the.fls or. ;Sie put out hier handas and caught h1is arm, I Isding her ecas::agalnso his aletes. As be aw hoewllhle site was.le israw hLs awn breath hard, put his other arm around her, and let her lean there. Afterward, when the ocean rolled be tween them, the memory of that pure, truistin gdirlish face against his arm was likea- shield:about him, the whisper of a "peace, be still," to his storm-tossed toul. It grew very dark in the boat- house, lighted only by two small windows at either end;- one could scarcely see the length of it. Tile lightning was appalling the thuildcr' terrific, and the rain beat and blurred against the windows-and so they waited. Sometimes, w-hen her claseping fingers tiglltened or she moaned a little as a louder crash shook their frail refuge, he brushed her hair soothingly, and told her not to tremble so; the worst of it must soon be over, and they could go out again. When at last it was over, the boat came back for them. They crossed in- safety, aoid were soon writh the others in the over crowded little cottage neda the grve, where they had taken refreo. tdly- looked palt and ill from her fright, and-leal was so quiet that Madge told him ihoe "appearet to have fallen upon peaee'by tlhe wayside," for his restlessness of the morning was all -..?The carriages came na last, th.e large ian. had-Wilson, thre coachman, with Mr. ltivers' horse and buggy ' ý'3f ifadge," Neal said in his authoritative manner, as hle came into the hall, "youwill ride .in the van, and Stilly must go in the buggy with Clare; lshe is tired." " obody else is, I . suppose,", Sadge answered in a vexed tone.- "Jlilly is;made of better flesh and blood than tile rest of us." ' .I Iow that," hie said," so yu are going is the van with me, and Nilson will drive Clare.and dilly in the buggy?" '"`. .. And tlhouglh Iilly did not wislh it slhd was too tired toargue .the point, and he had his lext ,day sllo had a nervous lheadaelie, and kept lier room until nearly nighlt" The girls came to see her, Madge chattering like a magple; and pitiedl her, hecause hier lhed ached, nad told tler low '" wretchedly dlll it had been all day with. Neal also sick, or if lie ws ?dot sick lie was cross and'stupid, and had'lounged on ie pianzza all day, not even iireadihng. At nighlt sheecrept downstairs intoi the parlour, wlhen Will.came in to read Is laper, and sat down near him leaning hier head on his knee. She wanted to tell hIim ofhter'stay ii'-the:bonat- ouse with Mr. iters, beausoe she thioight dsihe ought to, and lie had evidently been much worried about her yesterday, knowin ihow timid lshewas in-a shower. But after he found out- there was allouse near by where they took refuge, he said no more. So slihe began at once giving him the outline of the story rapidly and in aloow tone ;" the row, the lost braeelet,; the slowvera, ind-ler'stay in the boat-house with Mtr. Rivers wliile t- lasted. When- she -had finished, she waited with burning cheeks for him to scold iher. Bult Will, who to do him credit, had not beard ten words of what she was saying, nothing but a confused jumble of a boat- house, anud ferns, anil Madge, said irritably, "IIow persistent you are, lilly! What do I care for those people and their small happenings? Enjoy yourself vwith them if you like, but don't expeet me to be interested. I want to read now." Vexed and sorrowing she cried herself to sleep wondering why Will did nlot care about such a thling as tliat. She sat in the cool iorch the next morn ing shelling pens, when the girls came for her to play tennis. But Milly shook her head resolutely. " ?," she stlid, "a lholsekeeier has other things to do in the morning thai play tennis." " We shall have to send Neal for: you, then," saidl Madge. "IHe charged usnot to omeeback withouityou. Andthough 3illy felt her cheeks burn, she answereit, "You need not send Mr. Rivers.. Wlhy should I go for him more than for you?" Wlly, indeed? But ten minutes later Ius sauntered lazily up the walk, put his laughi ing face in at the door, and said gaily, "Come 1illy, we iant you. Dosnt refuse--we shaill be all going in a few weeks, you know, anl':ttien you can slhell peas all winter." As she ran upstairs tO brush her hair and get ready, she thought, "What is the use? I may as well go, for as le says, they, will soon be gone, all of them, and then I can do penance, and and-Wl'ill doesn't care." After that sloe never refised to go withl ier friends anyvlcere.- -l.h walked,,- rorle, - went sailing, played games, went to the hops at the hlotel to viitchl the ilincers, in short, drifted' whiclhever way the- wavo carried hier; because they wanted her, and because "Will didn't care" " ' Tile nilght was full of moonlight and the soft chirp of crickets. It was the last 1op0 of the season. To-morrow many weregoing iome, among them Nesa Rivers and his miother, and Cousin Clare, to sail for Europe. EuIdge was disconsolate.. As she passed Neal on the piazza, e caught lier arm. "Hasn't Milly come yet?" he said ex citedly. ?Nto," she answered, "I am going now to ore why.' "here, give her this." lie scrawled a few words on the back of one of his cards, in the moonlight: "Come back with Madge. You must say good-hy. NeAt." Sooner than lie thouglht possible they came. lie stood on the hotel steps waiting for them, his iands crowdedl into his pockets, his face horribly pale in the moon light as he looked down upon lher face. " Were you not coming?" Noa, wearily. Then ie put Ier hand on his arm; and they walked slowly down the yard into the moonlit garden. Suddenly lie turned her about and looked into the piteous white face. 'Little wild bird, your heart is stricken, too, because we must he parted-and mine, ohl, IIeaven, mine is breaking!" "Say good-by, anti let me go," she pantedl. IIis Iand trembledl; he gnawedl his mous taclie fiereely. "Milly, I love you," pleadingly. " Go with me over the ocean. You must-you shall I cannot go wvithout you! I never wanted any other woman for my wife- will never have any other. With you can be a good man, without you I shall drift to lHadesl Come, come, my ldarling! IIe will not care--ie is hard and cold. In a week hoe will forget he ever had you. In your two small hands youholdlmy fate tilly, little brown-haired Hilly!" " illy--little broanz- haired .illy I" just what Will had said, with his arms about her, so long ago, in another moonlit garden filled with the soft hum-of crilckets. Over and over the words rang themselves in her ears,- "I am a plain man, not given to many words, hbut 1 love yon, ailly, darling, little broan-hairs stilly !" And woven in somehow with the bars of moonliglt and the humming crickets wera those other words in letters of fire: "Whalt therefore God ihath joined together, let not man pUt asinder I" SDown the garden path she fled like a wounded deer; panting, eager, bretbllese, sle did not stop until sire tharew herself across the bed in her own room, and fainted dead away. Two days later,, when she crept down stairs in tie morning sunliglt, with her pale, oshdovy face, Will, waiting at thie hfoot, eld out is arms and clasped her to him, awakened at last, . 