MlTOfpfilds. [?] [?] afcmasn&Sctaflpid-tMbldned; apartment of j aShorAouee ; "Ti» mike it out « KIKsSSlfworelheyt— and BffrPffimSTOTti Iroi J>" r':- ' ' loihis appeal ; and Wfls,in be main, o reason. » person aa fy|,: nvn)MnaiiMf jftyenty-two in "the lraSWyftp ipypftBted to he— cooled tbft t Ids t errant could £lCTlfW6npore to m eummoos which he-sbould fc«u-. nppbcetiMtt io the. hell wis the con- gjpmte MfttfSki the footsteps of lis tight faiVyaF y. jjjffjhy to belt sounded bis master. An.'ineffec- pqn 4b e door reminded Mr. SlsStoitiitii6tiie|iadlo<e5 himself iu. "By Ibfela the oddest thing of ail," »id turned the key and admitted Mr. S-Smre'iiito Lis dormitory. apj—yjBjmqy, where are my pantaloons I Jalt, the breeches? ir ashed the valet cast. j|? inglaB inquiring eye round the apartment; ifcbi h»S<4m% sir?' ;yy to- j yes what have you done srilh them ? I®',-"' J- Sore ihen your honour bad them on when Ms -- tSbu jneht to bed, "and it's hereabout they'll bo, % if ?4tw)wlj_-and Barney lifted a fasbionable i, .- tanie from i case-backed aisidiuri proceed- ; 'r'-:- ingih jib examination. But the search was ' -. -; W»iii jharp wia thetanic tfutcaid £ -there to -tirae jn mhatidooldng kersCTmftre waistcoat; ,' > j '," TAX the most important article in t gentleman's , 7-'. - zranlrDbe sras ami muting, .:'= -'to c- ?Vtfaee mniheybe?4' asked the master, ; - " 7 With s atrong accent on the auxiliary verb. :. " Sorrow a know! knows," Mid the man. \- j- It nrast hive been the devil, then, after . . bo has bees here and carried them off 1 " cried fieatortb, staring full into Barney's face. , v;M Magiui« was not devoid of the auper- \- C . atition pf hiB pountiymeD, but he looked as if \- -7?' he did not subscribe to the eejptiliir, /T_/toto= Hit master read incredulity in his oouoten- MCfcto"Why,j tell you, Barney, I put them ;r there. tm that arm- chair, when 1 got into bed ; ? /std, by Heaven I I distinctly caw the ghost of ." . . ihe iedd Jellow ,ihey told me nf, come in at s . ; . .Widhight, jrat on my pantaloons, and walk f "XterjwfthttonL' ; ' — " J'lisy be eq, was the cautious reply -"to '" 1hougbt, of course, it was a dream ; but > to:-.. then -r-wh ere the d — I are the breeches I " 4torortie question .was mare easily -asked than . C answered. Barney viewed Ins search, while ! tototorfie lieutenant folded his arms, and, leaning. t£ =%gainstXhe toilet, anhk into a reterie. 3»to; iiAffcer all, it jmast be come trick of my 'to daughter- loving cohrins,' said Seriorth. toto-.- 'Ah I then, the ladies 1 " chimed in Mr. MaoIra,. thougb.tiie obserratioD was not ; uddreaiea to . him ; "and will it be Miss j JXJardlihe :or3dja»Fanny that's stole your ixonohrV things! to ; - 31 biidly iuov riut ta think of it," pur- 7 ;.v; whed jtire "bereaved lieutenant, still speaking in ;:_ -)Uloquyr with bis resting dabiouely on \- theitmberoor. allocked myself in, that's /Catdui-s «hd— but Mdue most become other entrance to the room — pooh 1 I remember — the private staircase; how could X be such a j / fool !/ and he crossed the chamber to where adow oaken doorcase was dimly viable in a 4-1 distant Oomer. He paused befweB. Nothing r now inteifqed to acweu it from observatioo ; \-- iat it JbOTn tokena of having . been at some \- auherieriod omoealed by tapestry, remains whlcb yet idoihed thesrsUs on either ride tiuporhl. r.- .."ISifa way they must 'have come," said C' . Beafmth ; 4t I wish with all my heart I had caughtihem f " ' Oriii the kittens I " rigbed Mr. Barney Msgulra. :; f? Bobtthe mystery was yet es far from bring -,«olvBd is before. - True, thttewai the "other -door- tmt thai that, loo, «n examination, fi;!!'sr»s «Vcn Vnore Bnhly becared than the one wbidi+«ipened «n the galley,' —two heavy /.:v boltittfh the snside ffectuilly prevented any ks.- -cov.pjU main on j&e; heulensnt's btxwac from >1 IhattSart. He was more pooled than & , <:.«ver$9Mr:did the nnnutest Inspection of the j walkjkc d floor - throw any light upon the Jax- eubjSt; one thing only was clear, — the isiiijwwtfs'.iws jgone ) "It Is tcrg singnlar," 'T?f : Tappington (jgenerallj called Taptoc) Eve. ; vn uin.enbquated but pomznodious manor- bwSe'in Abe eariern divisioo ri the county of fSFBL t %. -pxnar projmetor had been High- jlw days of Kliwhrib, and many a Wldwk hnd dismal triclifaon wuyet extant of pSidwJioeDUouraf'SS of bis life and the enor- oiSbhctg. Ehe, fflab, which the was jsean:lo enter, but mevuiowD id quit still 'frowns darkly as fgV <ffyo»5-rhiiean inemdlcbble bloodstain on -£\dhfl oashsbau-yettuds defiance tp the united %BBaBB<Sjtf«>ap jand aahd. r Boi |t a with one arilwijar japartmenl ihat '.a deed 4& more rottty |s arid io be conoectad. A t'cbsoger jguea-so tods Jhe fegeadrramvod %sme>ectedly thepunrion of the " Bad Sir JJJfles.'yyibey sMfc io appwent asbip ; imtlthalUnceupd scowl oD thrir oaster'fi Snpwld he domestics that the ymt Was not pnej he banquet, however, was wpared 4be sripeuprireuleted freely, — Sptmde «f discord at -!aatfaVeached the ears of even the excluded beet to pAijietiwn.jlDrlhejMrer fralL "®OiTJy(una«i.WprMdi oBe.o old wafaround Ktunorof ypiBhofain&tpJar; m to ireA ia upon ®4|iU'£Saor,oiniWy.., ,.Eir ;<JiIev»lriidy tigt .-£s>ldyjniwiwa Jps pkunin, and lie fci Itit within jiu poobi niish could gffliqnollwkWplitVnit to lwutlntorniiy w|wnijnana .nlhin 4be »«Ik of fftptoo ." JJiougb WoineiUry, seemed vgBBaa«SSaiaiaiil» $, nd dhe Son- : Jiraaoo ttM eoried ,oe thenceforth jn n B|e$pliaaaiiill,»e»eninedoeed in, ri;4he'ld«neeacs, eiben maaened (e eliend e'|»j4Jiiln1Hionnanotonljoordi.iay«tor»d1 :3bni;fli>tiU dewier eMnpee «u midiUted. g:®Sa%pe, r m ftoin tin duicmt iniie, afBduoed j bor «rae 'itjfll at t late, or "> «rellm (ought ifeiaaiaeShlldteato :the atninca- occupied S|jto'i»BourJjDt.>HUie eutetn.'aiie of the alwIiUngfcna Siad isonee bem tbe Javoerito sa3hoortliatf:or-6ir' titles hlnudL Scandal aciihl Mus satiqnnce to the facility which SMmKSliW<mmumcating Kith the jsKibeticplby parental obeerratioti ; a coruider- -centra o,Ve-at. yaght vben the cwuioeUed «KA|1|p|iwiiic ncSone; From that jgSaWM>BmWW>Shli'ilHi)iiniMdfui chat aWS.bnagna 'WIftUenpertmehta.'' and the <tc ilWiiSwini. pf ""Straordhjaly festivity, or J - huge ffiM.|linajie;Cliriatiiiiii MHBloo.aMAnenii>ytaua,.lio jeouaht lii. obuch i HytiyileaSehtmgiee, 'in hUhedn tnaric of » hut. the sricn - pumriume wlone occmrred, after a long-iuter- Tening |>eri, lo revive the memory of these fasneactionK Some : workmen employed in grubbing an old plantation, for the purpose cf raising oo ita i to « modern shrubbery, dug up, in the executioD of their task, the mil. dewed Btn&uds; -of what seemed to hgve ; been once agBxtnenb , On more minilip XnspectigD, enough remained of_eOken elaebes Ajfagfcmp todtttify tiis relics Bmvm W oerzfrMhaT effcpa.of irauk h<H; wp aew Mpeii .wfdeh ell from . U®ta'alV illeGP-e ffH «l«i W. v»by butombd<tusb M&teyei; to tht then owner of the estate. Whether the squire was more successful In deciphering them was never known ; he certainly never alluded to their contents ; and Utile would .have been thought of the matter but for the inconvenient memory of one old woman, who declared she heard her grand father say, that when the "stranger guest" was poisoned, though ell the rest of his clothes were there, Iris breeches, the supposed reposi tory of the supposed documents, could never be found. The master of Tapton Ererard smiled when he heard Dame Jones's hint of deede which might impeach the validity of hie own title in favour of some unknown descend act of eome unknown heir ; aud the story was rarely alluded to, save by one or two miracle mongers, who had heard that othero had seen the ghost of old Sir Giles, in his night-cap, issue from the postern, enter the adjoining oopse, and wring his shadowy bands in agony, as he seemed to search vainly for something hidden amongst the evergreens. The atraoger's death-room had, of course, been occasionally haunted from the time of his decease ; but the periods of viritation bad latterly become very rare— even Mra. Botberby, the house keeper, bring forced to admit that, during her long sojourn at the manor, she had never " met with anything worse than herself ; " though, as the old lady afterwards added upon more mature reflection, "X must say I think I eaw the devil once" Such was the legend attached to Tapton Everard, and such the story which the lively Caroline Ingoldsby detailed to her equally mercurial coueiu Charles Seafortb, lieutenant in the Hon. East India Company's second regiment of Bombay Pencibles, as arm-in-arm they promenaded a gallery decked with 6ome doeen grim-looking aneeatrel portrait, and, among othere, with that of the redoubted Sir Giles himself. The gallant commander had that very morning paid his first visit to the house of bia maternal uncle, after an absence of several years passed with Us regiment on tbe arid plains of Hindustan, whence he was now returned on a three years' furlough. He had gone out a boy — be returned a man ; but tbe impression made upon his youthful fancy by his favourite cousin remained unimpaired, and to Tapton he directed his steps, even before he eought the borne of his widowed mother — comfortiog himself in this breach of filial deoorum by the reflection that, as the manor was so little out of his way, it would be unkind to pass, as it were, tbe door of his relatives, without just looking in for a few hoars. But he found his uocle es hospitable, and hie cousin more cbarmiog than ever ; and the looks of one, aud tbe requests of the other, soon precluded the possibility of refusing to lengthen the "few hours" into a few days, though the house was at the moment fuii of visitors. Tbe Feterses were there from Ramsgate ; and Mr., Mr., aod tbe two Miss Simpkinsons, from Bvtb, had come to pass a month with the family ; and Tom Ingoldsby hid brought down his college friend the Honourable Augustus Suckletbumbkio, with bis groom and pointers, to take a fortnight's shooting, And then there was Mrs. Ogleton, the rich young widow, with her large black eyee, who, people did say,, was setting her cap at the young squire, th ugh llrs. Botherby did not believe it ; and, above all, there was Made moiselle Pauline, ber/onme de chambrc , who " »r«m Dica'd " everything and everybody, and cried 41 Quel horreur /" at Mre. Botherby's cap, In short, to use the last-named aud much- respected lady's own expression, tbe bouse was "choke- full " to the very attics —all save tbe " ooken chamber," which, as the lieutenant expressed a most magnanimous disregard of ghosts, was forthwith appropriated to Us particular accommodation. Mr. Uaguire mean while was fain to share tbe apartment of Oliver Dobbs, tbe squire's own man : a jocular pro posal of joint occupauoy having been first in dignantly rejected by 41 Mademoiselle," though preferred with the laste taste in life " of Mr. Barney's most insinuating brogue. 41 Come, Charles, the urn is absolutely get ting cold ; your breakfast will be quite spoiled ; the morniug salutation of Miss Ingoldsby to tbe tnilitaire as he entered tbe breakfasts com bfllf.nn.lmnr after the latest of the party. "A pretty gentleman, truly, to make an appointment with," chimed iu Miss Frances. 44 What is to become of our ramble to ,the rocks before breakfast ? " 4(Oh ! tbe youug men never think of keep ing a promise now," arid Mrs. Peters, a little ferret-faced woman with underdone eyes. "When X was a young man," srid Mr. Patera, "I remember X always made a point of——" 44 Pray how long ago wae that 1 " asked Mr. Simpklnson from Bath. " Why, sir, when I married Mrs. Peters, I was— let me see— I was-: — " "Do pray hold your tongue. P., and eat your breakfast 1 " interrupted bis better half, who had a mortal horror oi chronological re ferences ; 41 it's very rude to tease people with your family affairs." The lieutenant bad by this tame taken his vest in silence— a good- humoured nod, aud a glance, hslf-smiliog, half-inquisitive, being the i extent of Iris salutation. Smitten as he was, audio the immediate presence of her who had i made so large a hole in bis heart, his manner I was evidently distrait, which the fair Caroline j in her secret &. ul attributed to his being solely aocupied by her cffr4mcns : how would she : have bridled had she known that they only j shared his meditations with a pair of breeches! I Charles drank his coffee end Bpiked some half-dozen eggs, darting occasionally a pene- ! (rating glance at the ladies, in hope of detect ing the supposed waggery by the evidence of some furtive smile or conscious JooL But iu Tain J not a dimple moved indicative to roguery, nor did tbe slightest elevation of eye brow rise confirmative of his suspicions. Hints and insinuations passed unheeded — mors particular inquiries were out of the question : — tbe subject was unapproachable. In the meantime, 44 patent cords " were just the thing for a morning's ride ; and, breakfast ended, uway cantered tbe party over the downs, till, every faculty absorbed by the beauties, animate and inanimate, which sur rounded b««", lieutenant Seafortb, of the Bombay Fen cables, bestowed no more thought upon his breeches than if he had been born on tbe top of Ben Lomond. Another night bad passed away ; the sun nose brilliantly, forming with his lerel beams a splendid rainbow io the far-off west, whither the heavy cloud, which for the last two hours had .been pouring its waters on the earth, was now flying before him. 44 Ah ! then, end it's little good it'll be the cloning of ye," apostrophized Mr. Barney llsguire, as he deposited, in front of his xmsteris toilet, a pair of " bran-new " jockey boots, one of Hoby's primest fits, which the lieutenant had porch seed in his way through town. On that very morning had they come far the first time under the valet's depurating hand, so little soiled, indeed, from tbe turfy side of the preceding day, that a less scrupu lous domestic might, perhaps, have considered the application of 41 Warren's Matchless," or oxslfo acid, altogether superfluous. Not so Barney : with the nicest care had be removed the slightest impurity from each polished surface, mid there they stood, rejoicing in their Sable rsdianoe. No wonder a pang shot juaomMr. Maguire's breast, as be (bought on MibriakbiWgfthutter Jbwa,to dfflflritiiwn : $ISiib»EtikSfl»b<aldm 1 wooder Erooaiigflihajbi 4rltos .oodihe bad he learned ah the fisDlbelhw lufc)»jpit?inilss of a stiff day soil ijwo tiio inanor And Boleovw Abbey, Slffi»itBqmo,toestio iudecay,". aixjfciw. The tttien hit fend me Iimj&jiBeetv;' " 'V jmrn'mSi rnimtmmrii qspBHPSWlteaiih1: apfflB|6g!Saaiia.iito Hr. "4I Just the thing for the 'ops," said Mr. Peters. 44 1 remember when X was a boy- — " 44 Do hold your tongue, P.," said Mrs. Peters— advice which ihnt exemplary matron was in the constant habit of administering to "her P.," as she called hitn, whenever he .prepared to vent his reminiscences. Her p&ag;£ reason for this it would be difficult to flptefiguna unless, indeed, the story be true which k llle bin! had Whispered into Mrs. Botherby's ear — Mr. Peters, though now a wealthy mu, had received a liberal education at ajdurity school, and was qpt to recur to theflays Of Us I»uffin-<ip sad leathers. As usual, he took his wifo'a hint in good part, and " paused jn his reply." 44 A glorious dny for the ruina," said young Ingoldsby. " But Charles, what tbe deuce are you about ? Tou don't mean to ride through our lanes io such toggery ns that ? " "Lnsay mel" said bliss Julia Simpkinson, u won't you be vory wet ? "You had better take Tom's cab," quoth the squire. But this proposition was at once overruled ; Mrs, Ogleton had already nailed the cab, a vehicle of all others the best aiapted for a snug flirtation. "Or drive Miss Julia io the phaeton?" No ; that was the post of Mr. Peters, who, indifferent as an equestrian, had acquired some f.m\e as a whip while travelling through tbe midland counties for the firm of lLgsbaw, Snivelby, and Ghrimee. "Tbaok you, I shall ride with ray cousins," said Charles, with as much noitckalatice as he orald assume— and he did so ; Mr. IueoliMy, Mrs. Peters, Mr. Simpkinson from Bath, aud his eldest daughter with Lor afttm, followiug iu the family coach. The gentleman- com moner "voted the affair d— d slow," and declined the party altogether in favour of the gamekeeper and a cigar. "There was 4 no fun ' iu looking at old houses ! " Mrs. Simp- kitisou preferred a fchort tfjour iu the still- room with Mrs. Botberby, who had promised to initiate her iu that grand cramwm, the traa6mulstiou of gooseberry jam into Guava jelly. " Did you ever see au old abbey before, Mr. Petem?" 44 Yea, miss, a French one ; we have got ooe at Ramegate ; he teaches the Mi'm Joneses to parley -voo, and is turned of sixty." Mies Simpkinson closed her album with an air of ineffable disdain. Mr. Simpkiueou from Bath was a professed antiquary, and one of the first water ; he was master of Gwilliiu'a Heraldry, nnd Mills's History of the Crusades ; knw every plate io the Monssticon ; had writteu an esray on the origin and dignity of the office of overseer, and settled the date of a Queen Anne's far thing. An influential member of the Aiiti- quarian Society, to whose 44 Beauties of Baguigge Welle "he had been a liberal sub scriber, procured htm a seat at tbe board of that learned body, since which happy epoch Sylvanus Urban bad not a more indefatigable correapoudent. Hie inaugural essay oo the President's cocked bat was considered a miracle of erudition ; and his account of the i earliest application of gilding to gincerbretd, a masterpiece of antiquarian research. His eldest daughter wrb of u kindred spirit : if her father's mantle had not fallen upon her, it was J only because he had not thrown it off' himself ; i she bad caught hold of its tail, however, while ) it yet hung upon bis honour d shoulders. To ! souls so congenial, what a sight was the i magnificent ruin of Jlolsorer ! iu broken 1 arches, its mouldering pinnacles and the ! airv tracery of its half-demolished wiudowe. S The party were in raptures : Mr. Simpkinson j began to mediUte au o;ay, aud bij daughter ! an ode ; even Seaforth, as be gazed oo these I lonely relics of the olden time, was betrayed ) into a momentary forgetfulneeaof his lore aud I lo3Mft ; the widow's eye-glass turned from ber acitbeo't whiskers to the mantling ivy ; Mrs. j Peters wiped her spectacles ; and ' her P." ! supposed the central tower " bad once been | the county jnil." The squire was a philoso- | pber, aud hnd been there often before, so be ordered out (he cold tougue and cbickcut. I"Bolsover Priory," said Mr. Simpkioson, with tbe air of n conuois9eur — " Bolsover Priory was founded in tbe reign of Henry tbe j Sixth, about tbe beginning of tbe eleventh I century. Hugh de Uot&over; had accompanied ! that monarch to tbe Holy Lnud. in the expe- j dition undertaken by way of penance for the j murder of bis you? g nephews jn the Tower. Upon the dissolution of the monasteries, the veteran was enfeoffed in the lauds and mauor, to which be gave bis own name of Bowlsover, or Bee-owls-over (by corruption Bokovcr) — a Bee in cbieF, over three Owls, all proper, being tbe armorial eut-igus borne by (his distioguiobed crusader at tbe siege of Acie." 41 All I tl.af traa Sir RriilOT Rmitli Raid Mr. Peters ; " I've beard tell of biiu, and all about Mre. Partiugtou, aud——" 44 P. be quiet, nod don't expose yourself ! " sharply interrupted bis Ldv. 1'. was silenced, and betook himself to the bottled stout. 41 These lands," continued .the uutiqunry, "were held in grand serjeanlry by the pre sentation of thiee white owls and a put of honey " "La-'gy me! hnw nice!" said Miss Julia. Mr. Peters licked hie lips. "Pray give me leave, my dear— owls and honey, whenever the king thouM come a rat- catching into this pirt »f the country." 44 Rat-catching ! " ejaculated the squire, pausing abruptly in the masticaticn of a drumstick. M To be sure, my dear sir : don't you re member that rats once oune under the furect laws— a xnioor species of veuie>on ? ' Rata And mice, and such small deer,' eh ? — Shakspeiue, you know. Our auces'ors nte mu- ("The i nasty fellows I" shuddered Mir Julia, jn n ! parenthesis) "and owls, you know, are capital tnoueere "I've seen a howl," said Mr. Peters; | " there's oue in the Subclinical Gardens, — a | little hook-nosed chap in a wig — ouly iu I feathers and——" Poor P. was destine! never to finish a i epeech. | " Do be quiet ! " cried the authoritative | voice ; and the would-be naturalist shrank ! into his shell like a snail in the " hohulogical ! Gardens." "You should read Blount's 'Jocular Tenures/ Mr. lugoldsby," pursued Simpkiu- eon. "A learned man was Blount 2 "\Vlit , sir, His Royal ilighuesa the Duke of York once paid a silver horse-shoe to Lord Ferrers " I've beard of him," broke in tbe incorrigi ble Peters ; " be was banged at the Old Bailey in a silk ro|>e for shooting Dr. Juhuaon." The antiquary vouchsafed no uuticc of tbe interruption ; but, taking a pinch of suutf, Cuntiuuud his harangue. "A silver hor&e-shue;, sir, which is due from every scion of royalty who rides across one of his manors ; and, if you look into tbe peony county histories, now publishing by an emi nent friend of mine, you will find that Lung- bale, in Co. Korf., was held by uue Baldwin per solium, tufflalarn, ct pettuni; (bat is, be was to come every Christmas into Westmiuater Hall, there to take a leap, cry hem ! aud " " Mr. Simpkinson, a glass uf eheiry ? " cried Tom Ingoidaby, hastily. "Not any, thank you, sir. This Baldwin, eurnamed Lc " " Mrs. Ogleton challenges you, sir ; she in sists upon it," said Tom, still more rapidly, at the same time filling a gUsa, and forctog it on tbe aparanf, who, thus amssted in tins very crisis uf his narrative, received and swallowed the potation as if it bind been physic. 44 What on earth has Mi«j tiitspkinson die- covered there?" contiuued Tom : "something; of interest. See bow fast she Is writing." 1 Tho diversion was effectual ; every one looked towards Miss Simpkinson, who, far too j ethereal fur "creature cumforta," was seated j apart on the dilapidated remains of no alter- j tomb, committing eagerly to paper aomething that bad strongly impressed her ; tbe air— tbe eye in a fine frenzy rolling, all betokened that ' the divine uffioius was c uue. Her father rose, ; end stole silently towards her. .bMrP'.matteed young Sngoldibyt iillttding, jwitoy, to atto df lirewri "which fre -had |at jSepao to -operate tipiimtwludi,froiD the celerity with which it disappearedi 'did aw seem so vory difficult of mastication. But what had become of Seaforth and bis fair Caroline all this while? Why, it so hap pened that they had been simultaneously etrickeu with tbe picturesque appearance of oiraof those high and pointed arches, which that eminent antiquary, Mr. Horuley Carries, lias described in his 44 Ancient Records," as "u Gathie window of the Saxolt order ; " and then the ivy clustered eo thickly and so beauti fully on the other side, that they went round !to look at that and then their proximity de paired it of half its affect, and so they walked across to a little fcooU, a hundred yards o$ and -in erasing a small ravine, they came to .what in Ireland they cell "a had amp," and Charles fiiad to cany due coorin over it; and then when they had to cone back, she would trot give him the trouble again for the world, fro they followed a bettor hut more drcouous , txtate, and there wan hedges and dit&hefl; in £hfeWsy;n& steles to |pt cmvand gate b & thmigi, ao ihAbn hdur or more hSl gbediirefrypre%1deo irjmn die V ' Lossy me ! " said Miss Julia Simpkinson, " how long you have been gone I " And so they bad. The remark wu a very just 8B well as a very natural one. They were gone a long while, and a nice cosy chat they had : and what do you think it was all about, my dear pies ? ... "O, laesy mel late, up doubt, nad the moon, and eyes, aud uigbtipgales, pud " SUy, stay, my sweet yodflg lady, do sot let the fervour q! your feelings run Aray with you I r do BDt pretend to cay, indeed, that one pr more of theFe pretty eubjocla miglit not bare been introduced ; but the raot-t im- portHUt nod leading topic of the conference iraa— LjeutenHOt Senfurth's breeches. "Caroline," said Charier, "I have had same very odd dreams since I have been at Tap- piogton." "Dreams, have ynut" smiled the young lady, arching her taper neck like n swan iu plnuiiug. "Dreams, lmve you I" ' Ay, dreatn% — or dream, perhaps I should j say ; for, though repeated, it was still the t same. Aud what do you imagiue was its subject ? " "It is impossible for tne to diviua," p&iil; the tongue ' " 1 have not tho least difficulty in guesaiug," said the eye, as plainly ns ever eye spoke. " I dreamt of — your grrat grandf'itber ? " There iraa a change iu lbs — 14 Mr , great grnndfathei ! " " Yes, the old Sir Giles, or Sir John, you 1 to'd mo about the other day : he walked into my bedroom in liia »bort cloh of raurrey- ooloured velvet, his loug rapier, aud his Raleigh-looking hat aud feather, just as the picture represents kirn ; but with one excep tion." " And what was that ? " ' Why, hia lower extremities, which were visib1. were those of a skeleton." "Well?" 44 Well, after taking a turn or two about tbe room, and lookiuc round with a wistful air, became to tbe bed's foot, stored at me in a manner iiupoapihlo to di-acribe,— and Iheu he— be laid hold uf my pantaloous ; whipped his long bony legs into them in a twinkliug; and strutting up to the gl, eoecied to view himself in it with great coiuplaceucy. 1 tried t> speak, but in vain. The eff rt, however 6Qmed to excite bis attention ; for "heeling about, he showed tne the grimmest-looking death's head you can well itnagiue, and with ati indescribable grin strutted out of the 44 Absurd ! Charles. How can ynu talk such nonsense ? " ' But, Caroline,- — the breeches are really g)ne." Oo the following tn»rning, contrary to hie usual custom, .Seaforth was the Grat person in tbe breakfast-parlour. As uo oue elsu was present, he did precisely what nine youug uien out nf ten so situated would have done ; be walked up to the mantel-piece, established himself upon the rug, aod subducting bis coat- tails one under each arm, turned towards tbe fire that portion of the human frame which it ti considered equally indecorous to present to a friend or an enemy. A serious, nut to say anxioue, expression was visible upon lua guod-bumoured countenance, aud his mouth was fast buttoDinc itself up for nn iucipjent wbiistie, when little Flu, a tiny Ppnoiel of the Blenheim breed, — the pet object of Mies Julia Simpkioeou'B affections, — bounced out from beneath & tufd, and began to bark at — his pantaloons. Tbey were clererly " built." of a light- givv mixture, a broad ftripo of tbe most vivid scarlet traversing each scam iu a perpendicular direction from hip to ankle — in short, tht regimental contutue 0f the R.tyal Bumbiy Fcncibles The animal, educated in the country, li«d oever seen such a pair of breaches iu her life— Omvc ignotum pro t/t ayntfco I The scarlet streak, itflaun-d k« it whs by the reflection of the fire, seemed to act on Flora's nerves as tbe same colour does oo those of bulla and turkeys; she advanced at tbe jxis de charge, aud her vociferation, like her HiUHzeracu', wns uubotinded. A sound kick from the disgusted offic?r changed it charac ter, aud induced a retreat at tbe very moment when the uiistress of the pugnacious quadru ped entered to tbe rescue. 41 Lasy uie! Flo, what is tbe matter!" rritd the sympathizing lady, with a scrutiniz ing glance levelled at the ReDtleLoau It might ne well have lighted od a feather bed. Hie air of imperturbable uoconsrioue- oes defied exaraiuatiou ; aud us he would not, and Flora could not, cxpuimd, ibr.t injured individual was compelhd to pocket up bvr wrongs. Otber<'f the houtehuhl snort dropped in, utid clustered round the hoard dedic. t -<1 to tbe nirvrt i-ociable of rueuls ; tbe urn »;(s . r. i.o/lo/i I' lin> ' .t.iil .1... .II.IU ...I.., . I. ( cheer, but uot iutbriate," steamed rcduh-ut of j liyMjn »ud pekoe : uiuflius aud uisnnuhide, j uewspapers aud Fiuuuu Laddies, left ittle ;ri»nu f-T oWrvuti-u uo the character c-t J Charles's wailike 4 turn-out.' At length n ; l-'nk fiotu Caroline, fohunod ly n smile that ; nearly ripened to n titter, c.iused him to turu hbntjxly and uddrces hU Ueigbbuur. It whs : Mirg Sjiujj:kiiis«iu, who, deeply engaged in sip- ; ping her lea and turuing over her album, I seeuitd, like a female CbrniiouotuntlinhigD-, ' "iniQJCTsed iu cogibunditv of cogitaiiou." An \ int. rrugatury on the subject, of her studies ! drew from her tbe confusion that she whs at i that nioujent employed iu putting the froish- ; in touches to a jim-ui insjiiiid by tiie rumatitic | sbndc-s of Buisowr. I'bti entreaties of tbe ' couipnny Wtiv of ci>urse urgent. Mr. Peti-rs, uho "liked verree," w.is especially perstverim:, ; nod Kappho nt length cumpliant. After a pre- piiratury heni ! and n sl.iuoe at the mirror to HAivriuin that ru-r lu-«k was suQicicutly stuti- ; mental, the poetic btgau J ' There is i CiJro. i. f.-Iv feeling, Vuhnw mu.iJb c-ii. ucver ku-.w, (>'i-r (be Instill M-fUv s!-alinp.— 0 piuf. dclldOUS vx.h: 4 «>h_- h-|V.- lAat »t j —Vow !— j-cmiqb ! — yeougli yow ! — vow : .yelled a hapless suii'.-rer from beoeath the I table. It wu« an unlucky hour for oudrupt-da ; i and if "every dog will Lave Lis day, "he could 1 nut have eehcted a mure unpropitii.us . ue than this. Mrs. Ogleton, too, had a p«t— a ' favourite pug — whose squab ficuve, l»'.,ick muzzle, and tortuosity of tail, thblcuiled -ike ' h Ijerd of celery in a salad-bowl, brapoke Lis j Dutch extraction. Yow ! juw ! yow ! c<m- I tiuued the brute — a churns in which Flo j instantly joiued. Sooth to say, pug hid inure | reubOU to express his dissatiFf&ctiou; than was ' giveu hiu: by the muse of Simjikiiib»n ; ihe j utlier only barked fur compray. Scdrct-ly Imd (lie j.ot-te--s got through her first eteuzi, u hru I Tom Jngoldrby, iu the cuiliutiaFm of the uio- incnt, becntue eo lost to the rn.iteii.il w../|d, ! that, iu hie abstraction, hu uuw.irily laid hi.- I band on thec.'ck of the urn. Quivering with l emotiou, he gave it such an unlucky twist, ) that the full stream of its scaldiug contents I descended on tbe gingerbread hid of the . unlucky Cupid. Tbe coufuMon was Complete ; ! the whole economy of the t»ble disarranged — | the cuuirary broke up iu wo>t admired dis order— aud 44 vulpnr minds will never kuow" oDytbing more of Misn bimpkiusou's ode till tbey peruse it in some forthcumius Acuual. bcAforth profited by tbe confmi->u to (ake the delinquent who bad caused thin "titraniohb5' by the arm, uud to lead hitn (n the lawn, where he had a word ur two for Lis private ear. The conference ketweeu tbe y>'uug I gentlemen was neither brief in its duration j nor unimportant in it result. Tbe subject was what the lawyers call tripartite,cmbracing I the information that Chailos Sc-tforth ws over I bead and cars io love with Tom IngoldrhyV I sister ; eecondly, that the lady had reh i red ; him to 'l jiapa " for his sanctiou ; thirJiy ;md | lastly, hie nightly vititetioi.i aud c-jnae- ' qucut bereavement. At the two firat iteuis ' Turn smiled nuspicioutiy — nt tbe loet be hurst out into an absolute "guffaw." . "Steal your breeches ! Miss Bfliley over again, by Jove!" shouted lugoldsby. "But' a gentleman, you say — and Sir Giles too. 1 am not sure, Obultf, whether I ought out to call you out tor aspersing the honour of the ! iamily." " Laugh as you will. Torn — be as in credul ous as you please. One fact Is incontestable — the breeches are ganu! Look here — I am reduced to xny regimentals ; nod if these go to-morrow I must borrow of rou ! " lioclifoucault says, there issomething in the misfortuues of our very best friends that does not displease us ; certainly we con, most , of us, laugh at their petty inconveniences, till called upon to supply them. Tom com posed bis features on the iostant ; and replied with more gravity, as well as with an expres sion, wfaidi, if my Lurd Mayor h»d beeu within hearing, might liAve cost him five shillings. " There is something very queer in this, after alL Tho clothes, you say, have posi tively disappeared. Homebody is playiug yon a trick ; and, ten to one your servant fans a hand in it. By the way. X heard some thing yesterday of his kicking up a bobbery in the kitchen, and sering a ghost, or something of th4t kind, himself. Depend upon it, Barney u f n thejilot/' -Xt.ctxhck the lieutenant nt once that tbe usually bubyant epirits of his attendant had of Ute been nxatenslly nobercd down, Xifr A l loquacity obviously circumscribed, and that he, tbe said lieutenant, had actually rung bis bell three several times that Very morning before he could procure bis attendance. Mr. Maguire was forthwith summoned, and under went a close examiujitioii. The " bohliery " was cosily cfplniued. Mr. Oliver Dobbs_had hia ted hisifipapprpbatura of u flirtation carry ing on between the gentleman frogs Munster Obd the Lady from the Rue St. Hnnord Mademoiselle boxed Mr. Macuirtf« eara, and Mr. Haguiie pulled MidemoiAoe qpnn hi« ktiee, and the lady, did vol cry AfonJticnJ And M r. Olivfer Dobbs said it wa6 vera wrong ; and Mre. Botberby said it whs scsnnxloua, fl/jd what ought uot to be done in Buy mora! kitchcn ; and Mr. SlHgnire had got hold of the Honourable Augustus Suckletbumbkiu's p>"\\- dtir-flnk, aod had put large piuclies of tbe best double Dartford iuto Mr. Dobbs's tobacco- box ; uud Mr. Dobbs'a pipe had exploded, and pet fire to Mrs. Botherby's Sunday cap ; and Mr. Mrtguire bed put it out with tbe slop- basin, ''barring the wig;" aud then they wero all so " cantankerous," that Barney had gone to tike a walk in tbe garden ; aud tlitra — tbea Mr. Birury bad seen n glio>tl " A what ? you bluckheid ! " asked Torn Jugoldfiby. " Sure, then, nod it'n tiKR -lf will tell your bnnour the righto uf if." s-i 1 th»» glt<iil-«eer. "M.aelf and Mhs P.uiliiic, sir,— or Mien j Pauliue aim ines-flf. for the l.-.dp-s c uue firat iniy how, — wo got tired of the hohitroppyhins j krimnnuing ntn'Mfg the ould srvauts, that didn't- know a joke when tlify f-> n one : au-t we weut out to look at the comet, — that's tbe Rury Bury-alehmiee, they calls Lira in this couutry— and we walked upon the lawn,— nuiI direl uf nny nleljouse there whs there «f all ; aud Mus Paulino said it was becnee of the shrubbery may be, and wby wouldn't <re sec it better bcyoust the tre. e ? aud eo we went to tlw tret-s, hut sorrow a comet did uicelf see there, barriug a big gbost instead of it." " A ghost ? And what sort of a ghost, I Barney 1 '' 44 Ocb, then, divel a lie I'll tell your honour. I A tall ould gentleman he was, all in white, with & shovel on hi-- shoulder, aud a big torch . in his fist, — though what be wanted with that , it's meself ctn't tell, for his eyes were like gic-lampe, let alone the mo m ntid the comet. | which wa-u'i tbi-re &i; alt: mid 4 Barmy,' isays he to me, — 'eaure why lie knew me, — 4 IjHruey,' bays he, 4 wliai is it y»ur'e doing with the collceu there, BiirueV ? '— Divel a word did I say. Miss Paulino icreech-d, and i cried murther iu Freucb, aud lau ufl with I herself ; and of course meif was in « ! mighty hurry after tbe Ldy, and had no | tiuie to stop palavering with him nuy w.nj : I so J dispersed at once, and the fiboit reuiehtd i Mr. M.iguire's account war received with j avowed iucredulity by both geutiemen : hut | Barney stuck to his text, with unflinching i pertinacity. A reference to Mademoiselle was ! suggested, but abandoned, as neither party ; ; bad a ta-jte for delicate investigation. ) "I'll tell yon what, Sesi/orth," s.»jd Ingolds by after Biruey hud received hU dLtuial, j ' that there is a trick hero, is evident ; siml j j Baruov'e vistou ciav poihly be >\ pirt of it. 1 Whether he is molt kmive ur f »ol. you best I kuuw. At nil events, I will sit up wi:b ynu I to-uigbt, uud see if 1 cuu couw- rt my aineor I iuto a visitiui! acquaiuiauce. Meanwhile, yuur j fiug.ruu yuur lip!"' 1 " 'Twjis I,,.w tin- vcrv witchit:- time ->f i.l U. j Wiltu eb.m l.yar.to j-awn, ;.iid giuv,.- t.ve us, tiicir ! Gladly would I grace my tali with decent , horror, and therefore 1 do be.-ivcli the "p-ntle ! reader " to believe, th.-.t if nil the SKceiJntiC'i ! to this luvEtrri. his narrative are tint in ttrict ; keeping, he will Hs-crjl»e it ouly to tbe dis- i graceful iuuuvationa uf modern dcgcti'-rHcy ! upou the b;.lk.-r and dignified habits <-f our ' aucufttorc. 1 cm introduce hitu, it is true. I tut > an old r.U'l higb-roofiil clumber, its w«ll- ; covered on three tides with bLck oak wdub- citiu?, adorned with carvings oi fruit aud ; ti-'wcis long anterior tn those uf Giinliiig Gibbous : tbe fourth side i& clothed with n curious remnant of dtngy topestrv, ot:ce vlu- ' cidatory uf some Scriptural hi-torv, Lilt of trA ?V// nut evL-u lire. Botherby could determine. ; Mr. &siupktunn;, who had cxHU)iui-l it care- folly, inelioed to believe the priucip.,1 figuro to be ciiber Ba'.h.-lieba, or Daniel in the liontr deu ; while Tom Ingoldsby decided in favour of the king of IJrtfLun. All, hotvever, was coujicuire, traditiou beiug tilent on the ml)- ' j.-ci. A h-fty sirched j.urtal 1VJ iutr, uud a little inched pjii il tod out uf, thi# r.prirtuunt ; they wu.- uppufit.' each nth. r, aud both j.Os- . n-fp.-il the security of missy bulls on tbe int-ri. r. The bedstead, t.x», wai? nut one of yesterday, but Uianifvftily coeval with days 1 ere Seduous i\a«, aud when a C"od four-robt , HTtiele ' wareler-mc-d worthy i.f b-iug a r-yal \p. ipiLst. 'i'hu bed iuelf, with all the ..ppurre- . UHUCn- of pahae. tuiltuvs-es, Ac., w.is. of fur ; luter .tote, imd loukiil most jucjugruiuriy ! link- clM:u"U'l-fchap.'ii |>Hueu trad iron bindiuc, . hud given way to the JUmleru heter-d.-XV of the tioh-wiijihiw. Xur wu.. tills fall that c-.-u- i-jtiiiii in ruin the costume, and render th>- , ouly as cottl i er.tuiescc-ud tu dun at tlie same time an Eliztbelhau doublet aud Boud-stre-ct iuesjtrtecibhb. ; Wi'h their green taorocco slippers on a 1 modern fender, in front oi a dirgraciiuily I modern grate. «-.it two yuuug gentlemen, ch.d m "bliattl- paiti-rn v dreseiDg-guivus and black Uik f=t<icks, luucb at variance with the high cane-backed chairs which supported tbeuj, A boLch of «buiuiuation, called a cigtr, r.H-ke.l io the left-hntid corner of the mouth of uut Hiid iu the light-huud coruer of the tu.>uth o> the other— au unangeuicnt happily adapt e) for the e-cape of the uoxtou fiuu-B up the chiuiney. without that urnm-rcif-d funking" , each other, which a K-ra fccietmfii: ni.-po-uioti would have induce-!. Aetnull ja-iubn-ke lablc ' filled up the intervening tpucc between tin tu, frireteininc, at each extremity, nn vl ,»iw uud a gW:- i i i.»-ldy : and thus iu " l..;:e!v i-eu-ivo content! lalr-.u were the two Wi-rtlii-. <.n:u- pied , when tlie " iron tuupue of ujiduiglit L.id tolled twelve" 1 "Glue-l time's c-uuc ! " said Jugoldf-by. ' tali'tu from hie watotoeit picket watch like ' j u gold ha'f-crowu, and cuusuiung it ns ih mgh , he buspecu'i the turrst>cluck over the ctubies ! ' ul ineudaciiv, ' liueh said Cbaii-js ; "did I not hear a . , fuut.-t-.-p ! " Tijci u was a pau=c— there wm a footetcn— . ! it ".in lei distinctly— it reached the door— | 1 it heritated, slopped, aud passe 1 oo. 1 T-ui darted across the room, threw opn j til- ib.or, and hecmut) aware of Mre. Bother toy ' j toddhng to her chamber at the other cud of : the ga.toir. after during one of the huu-e- J m.«i U with an sipprovcd juh-p from the ; C iUlitCM! uf Kent's " Cii'iice MaUltah' 1 " (sood- nichi, fcir ! " fcaid Mrs. Botherby. ' Go to the u— 1 ! " said the disappointed ; ghost-hunter. An hour— two— rolh-d on, and still no tpt-ciral viriution ; nor did aught intervene to make night hi'k-.m- ; smd wlu-n the turret- clock t-ountM nt length lb hour uf three, ioguidsby, whose MiK-uee and cr -g were alike j . cxIhu-u-J, sprang fn-uj his chair, saying,—. J ' 'i'his is all infernal nonst-usv, tuv good ' , fnllow. I leu v of any phott shall wu sue to- ' uigbt : ii'n ioug pr.st the can >»icl hour. I'm oti to b.-d ; aud as to your breeches, I'll insure them tor twenty-four hours a', lead, al the price of the buckraiu." 41 CcrUiuly. «j!i ! thjua'c — to he sure!" stauimuied Churict, luu.-iug biujHilt from «. reverie, which had degenerated into au abso- . lure M1U< Sr. " Gio.d-uight, ray bnyl lh.lt the door j hiiid tuu ; aud liefy ihc l'ojie, the Devil, and j the I'retcndt-r ! " j Scal<.rlh followed Lis friend's ftdvio, and 'i tLc iifxt morning came down to breakfiiM, 1 dressed in the habilJineutj> of the precediug 1 day. The charm waa broken, the demon i defeated ; the light greys with the red biripe down the turns were yet in rerun nattird, 1 and adorned the person of their Uwiol >ro- prietor. Tom felicitated iiiraeetf and his partner uf j the watch on the result uf their vigileucu ; but thre is a rurtic adage, which warns ua against j bdf- graiulatiou before we are quite M out | of the wood." Seaforth wae yet within its j verge. j A raj) at Tom IngolcLby's door the next morniug startled hiui as be was shaving — he cut his chin. " Come In, and be d — d to you ! " said tbe : i martyr, pressiug bis thumb ou the n-ouuded epidermis. The door open £3, aud exhibited Air. Barney Meguire. " Well, Barney, what ia it ! quoth the sufferer, adopting the vernacular ot his visi tant. 4 4 The matter, sir——" ' Well, what does he want 1 " "The Juanst uf a breeches, plate yoar honour," '"Why you don't mean .to toll tne— By Heaven, ibis ia too good!" ah tfu ted Tom; bursting into a fit of uncontrollable laughter. 44 Why, Barney, you don't mean to nay the ghost has got £beo again f " Mr, Msguire did not respond to the young squire's risibility ; the cast of his countenance was decidedly serioua. 41 Frith, then, it's jrone they nrs, sure enough ! Hasn't meaelf been lookine over the bed, and noder tho bed, end iu the bed, for the matter of that, end divel a ha'p'orth uf breeches is there to the fore at all I in hot berwfpntirely t" 44 Ultras I Sir. Barney." Mid Tom, incau tiously removing bis rhumb, and lotting crimson stream incarnadine multitudinous" lather that plastered his throat—1 14 this may be nil very well with your tnavter, hut you don't humbug' roe, sir tell roe insteully what have yuti done wjth the clothes ? ' This abrupt trnu-itiun from " livi-ly to severe" certainly took Miguire by surprise, and ho seemed for «n instout as much discon certed as it is passible to disconcert au Irish gentleman's geutlstunn. " Me ? is it inesolf, then, that's the ghost to your honour's thinking V said he nfter n morucat's juubp, aud with a alight shade of iadtgnation in his tones : "w it I would htnle the master's things — and what would I do with them f" 44 That you beet know:— what your purpose is 1 ciu't cui'es, for I don't tbiuk you mean to j ' bt.ile' then), ne you call it i but that you are | flfd C'.ufuiind this blood ! — £ive me a towel, j Maguirp ncquiltol hiniBelf of the Ootnmifi- I f.ion. « A« I've a sow, your honour," said lie, "oli'iuoly, "little it ir lueeelf knows of the matt' r : mid after what I 44 What you've sivu ! Why, what have you hCon ?— Barney, J don't wnoi t"» inquire iuto ymir flirtatious ; but dou't suppose you cnu pa Jin off your saucer eyes aud gigJampA ttpon iuo ! " "Then, as Fure ns your honour's standing then, I saw him : and why wouldn't I, when Mtos Puidinc was to the fore ns Well us 'Gt nloug with your noDscne — leave the i "But the mns'er?" euid B-iropy, iujjjh»r- . ! ingly ; 44 and wi'lmut n breeches? — ?ure he'll ; be citchiug cuvld ? " " T ike that, recall" replied IrgoUUby, throwing a pnir of iiautjilo.in? at, rather than , t.\ hiui " "but don't suppose, jsir, ymt »-liall j cirry on your triiks here with impunity; : rero'ilect there i nuh a thing a tread>uill, ! and f!\v my f.itio'r to « ctmniy rurtpi-tr.itf." | Baniey'a eye flashed fire — he Ffotl erect, 1 and WHS about to speak : but, mastering him- j Keif. Dot without »u tffort, ho took up the garment, and left the rocrn as perpendicular as i « Quaker. 44 Ingohtoby," Faid Charles Seaforth, after hrr.-rkfad, "thiK to trow p«#t a j-dre ; t.r day to > the !;i-t of my fUiv ; for, notivitbsliin-ting the ; tits which detain me, common dtcniey obliges i lue to vie-it home after &» long an ntoouce. I | rii.ill ci'tue to an imme>liatc exptonatios with , your father on the subject nearest my heirt, ; and depart while I have a change nf dress left. ; On bis ati-wcr will my return depeud f In 1 tbe meantime tell me c--mdidl,r — I nsk it in all . PerioustieSs, and as a fiieud— <uu 1 uot a dupe o vour wDll-krown propersity to hoaxing ? ! Have vou uctahmd in " I 44 Xo, by Iteaven, Seaforth ; I see what you : menu : on tuv honour, nm n« imiob mvstified ; ne yourself ; ilui if vour scrraut " 44 Not bo ; — if there bo a trick, ho uL least is ' not priw to it." . 44 If there he n trick ? whv, Charles, do you think " 44 1 know not irf.at to think, T-»ta. As ' surely you are a livin rn.in, »«> surely did : tiiat spi-etra .-lu-ttoruy itoit ujV i.v«m ngaiu hist uiylit, grill iu iny face, nnd w.dk nwar with my troitoera ; nor was- 1 able to Kpritig from . my beJ, ur bre-vk ti e chhiu which .-tvuied tu bind uie to tuy pillow." 1 44 Serffoilb," Bild lugold.-bv, after a short ! pause, "I will Rut" hurii ! h.-ro Hr« the ' girto and uiy fathtr. — I will c-irry u;f t he f'-rnah e, and leave y.m a ihar Cu'd with the I will ;ilk about V' lir brei-che lift'TWiird's." I Tom' diverriou w.n r=-ico.wful ; he oarn'e-1 I Off the ladie.i at mauc to l.» .k at a rau ark-ble pppcitu-n of the c'.i-k Dodfiiindria Jlfonogynia — wbicb tbey could not find — while Si-.nforib I marched boldly up to tbe encounter, and i oinicd 44 the Governor's " uutwoik by A ou»/« ' dc main, I shall not Ftnp to de.-cribe tli" pru- i greas of tho attack ; suffice it that it was ns i Fijccessful as could bare bei-u tvi-h.-tl, and that | Seaforth was referred back i-gain to the ;<dy. i The happy lover war off at a tan-ant : the | hoiauica party w&« toon overtaken ; And the ' nun of Caroline, whom a vain cuitonvour to \- I-; -%-n on', the Linrxan name uf a dafly-don-n- dilly bad detained n Utile io the rear of the s oili- ir, was eoou firmly locked in ku own. "What was the world to them, ; > i"l.-e, iU uouiciirv, audio ' hteechca ' J.U5" So -forth was iu tbe seveuth heaven ; he retired t» hto room that night as happy as if no such thing :t« si goblin had ever heeu heard of, and ' I ormnal chattels were as wril fenced in by law i-F r-'al property. Not so Torn Ingol-toby : tbe luy.-lorv — iu inrslcry there evideiitly was— h-id nut uuly piqued hi« curiosity, but ruffled lito temper. The watch of the prevjuu night li-id Ik'i ii uusuccessful, probably because it war nii-li-cni-ed, 3'u-niglit be would 4,en6C<ince _ him— If " — not indeed " beliiod the arras" — f->r tbe little that remained was, as we have : teen, nailed to the wall— but iu a small closet > which opened from oue corner uf rite ruum, . .tud by leaving the door ajar, would give its i ' eccopint a view of all that might pa6« in the : apart mt'ut. Here did the youug ghost-hunter | take up a position, with a good etout sapliog 1 uuiier Li arm, n full hajMiour before Seaforth ! r< lire 1 fur the night. Not even his friend did 1 be !<i into his confidence, fully determined | lb it if bis plan did trot sneered, tint failure Mi >u!'l be attributed to himself alouc. 1 At tiir ufcual hour of separation for the nilit, T->ui saw, from his concealment, the 1 Ifruii-uuut rntT hia rrnm, nod after taking a an to bt-iok'.-u ihat hi- th-iugbtf nvie mainlv uc-upi-d by hto iipnroachiup happiue.ptoveeil »-Ju»y to disrobe- him-flf. 'J h- coat, the iv- tot- ciMt, the black till; stock, were gradually .lis- kick-.-i off, and lb.-u — ay, and th-ii— his imuu- l«-»i..itev grew grave ; it .-retool to ui-ciw to him ' «;1 :u once that ibis was hit last nab)— u:i> that the VelV brt-edl.a he had nU Wert tlut llto own— thit tu-m arrow mori.iug w«t his last, nnd Ihst if ho Iu.-: tlum . A gl.iu?-' »h un-.l that hi ir.iud was uia-le up; he n.ptoeed l\,v siuglo button be L id joni t-iiO-iuc'eJ, and threw him-» lf u jiou the bed in u state uf trausiti.-n— hu'.f chryba'.ir, half gru'r.. Wearily did T-oo Ingol-toby w:.tch the Iroptrhy the flick-ring light uf the id-ht- lauqi, till till- ciouk striking oue, iniucii him to iuerea«- the /I.rrou- openiug which he iiad h-fc f ir the purple of uh-ervati m. The i motion, slight aa it was, sccun-d to Attract ' CliArtoe's sttcutiun ; for he ratodi hiuii-ilf ' suddruly to a bitliug po-ture, lto'.-ned for a 1 iiiomeut, aud tlietl etu-d uprigljt upon the floor, lugoldsby whs un the p nui of di-- ' civerioc hiuirelf, when, the !i,bt tl-ibhing fuil ' upon hi frie/jd'n c .uuu-n.ttici', J'e pHrc.-ived lliHt, thonqh iiis eyLM Were opeu, " their a-tise was Flint " -that liu was yet uuder the influ ence of sleep, j-hf'irth advanced eluwly to tbe toilet, lit hia caudle at tbe tiuip that blood uu it, tiidD, going back to tho budV foot, ap- peHrud to search eagerly fur something which . be could uot find. For a few luuroctiU he seniif. ruiticF-H aud uneasy, walkiug r orod the apartmi-ut t>nd exutuiuing the chairs, till, . coining fully iu frwut uf h Urge swing-glass that iUukul the dte-.-sing-tubto, he paused as if cuutcmplaliug hia figure iu iu He uuw re- j turucJ towards the bed, put on his slippers, j and, with cautious and stealthy stejh., pro- I cecded tow.ndo llie little arclicd doornay that ! opeacd ou the private stairc icu. Ab he drew tbe bolt, Tom Ingoldsby emerged ; from bis hiding-place ; but the tleep-walkt-r , heard bim uot ; lie proceeded softly dowusUirs, followed at a duo dtoUuue bv bis friend ; upt-ucd tbe dour wbicb led out upou tbe gar- : de&s;, sod stood at ouco ainoug the thickest of the Uirubt, wludi there clustered round the base of a comer turret, and aareeaeA tbe poRlern from common, observation. At this moment lugoldsby liad nearly spoiled all by making e (else step : the souud attracted Snt- forth's attention— be paused aod turned ; and, as the full uiooo shod her light directly Upou < bis pals and troubled features, Tom zuatked, almost with dismay, the fixed and rayitsa appearance of Lis eyes : — " There was no speculation in Uio« orba I lhat lie did glare withaL" | Tbe perfect stillness preserv ed by Lis follower ! seemed to reassure him ; he turned abide ; and from the midst of a thickset hturustiuu drew forth a gftrdeuer's spade, shouldetiug which he proceeded with greater rapidity into the midst of tbe shrubbery. Arrived at a certain point whore the earth seemed to have been recently disturbed, he set biruhtjf heartily to the task uf digging, till, having thrown up several shovelfuls of mould, be stopjied, flung down his tool i end very composedly began to disen cumber himself it his pantaloons. Up to this moment Tom had watched him with e wary eye : he cow advanced cautiously, sod, is bis friend was busily engaged In dis entangling himself froov.lus garment, himself master of the spade, beafortb, mean- while, bad accomplished his purpose : be stood for a moment with " His streamers waving In the wind," occupied in carefully rolling up the small clothes into aa compact it form aB possible, nnd allheedless of the breath of hear as, which might cerlsialy be £iippoed oteuch smomput, aod in such a plight, to " visit hie frame too muchly." He was in tho act of stooping low to deposit the paotnlooDB in the grave which he had Lego digging for tlusra, when Tom lugoldsby came etoso behind hitn, and with lae flat of the spade The shock was effocltinl ; novor ngnin was Lieutenant Sestertii known to act the part of a Roiuunuibultot. One by one, hia breeches — his trouBEM— hiipautaloonB — hi silk-net tighta —his patent cores, uud his showy greys with tho broad red sLriue of tho Bombay Fencibles were brought to light, rescued frotn the gnivo iu which tlroy had be-U buried, like the strata of a Cbrhtiuns pu ; aud, nfter haviug been well nire.1 by Mrs. Brotherby, became once again effective. The familv, the ndies, esppcially, lanched ; j — Bin.ey M "guire iriud " B ithcrutiou ! " and Ma'msellc Pauline, tl Hon Diat ! " I tihark'S caforili, unable t<> face the quizzing i which atriiited hitn on all bides, started off two hours t-srlier ttom he hud proposed : — he suoti returned, however ; and haviug, at hU father-in-law's request, given up the occupa tion of Riijah- humiug uud shooting Nabobs, led his lilusiiiug bride to the altar. Mr. Simpkinson irorn Bath did not attend the coionrony, bein: engaged at the Grand Jdttctiott Meeting of Sharon, then cangregnt- ing from all parts of llic known world iu tbe I city of Dublin. His tsssy, dotnuustratiug that the glob to a great uimaid, whipped iuto cu- Aguhitiou by whirlwinds, and cooked by electricity, — u little too much baked iu tbe Me of IWtltnd, nnd a thought underdone about the bug uf Allen,— was highly epukeu uf, aud uarrow'y escaped obtaining s Bridgcwater I piiz". I Miss Simpkiuson nnd her tister acted as > hridebuiaid» <>u tiro occ-ttiuu ; the farmer j wrote au fpilhalamium, aud the Utter cried I ,4Las>y uie ! " at thu cltTgyujau'B wig. Some 1 years have much rolled uu ; the uuiun has i»-eu eruH'ned »i'h two or three tidy little ufl- j rh«a,te from the family tro". of «honi Blastor | Neddy is " grr.udpupH's tUrliug," aud Mary- ; Aune ruiuuius's pHrticular "Suck." I bhiill only Hiid, lliHt Mr. and Mrs Seaforth nrc i living togcihor quite as happily hp two good- i hearted, g.iu,l-teuipered bodice, very fond of vneb utber, can jJureibly d" ; nnd that hiuce i the day of llto marriage, Charles brtu bliowu ' uu <ltop«ritiou t-> jump out of bed, or ramble j out of d-i<-is «' idgbls, — though from his i entire ftevoti"u to every wi-h aud whitn of 1 bib youug wife, Turn iiit-iunates that tiro fair | Cuiuliuo dues still occa-iunnlly lake ndvnnt- j : age uf it eo fur as to 14 clip ou the breeches." ! 