LONDON JOTTINGS. The Last of Rudolph — His Widow — The New Heir — Try the "Cat" — John Bull Laying it on — A Ghost Story — Follow Me I — Talkative Furniture' — Mr. O'Brien Aisy — A Female Patriot — " Nowt so Queer as Fowk" — Salt is not always good — A Strange Coincidence — Patti's Regime — Dr. Cupid at the Vaudeville — New Theatres — Electricity, the Horses' Deliverer — Some Astounding Figures. The attitude of the different papers on the all-absorbing topic — the death of the Crown Prince Rudolph — has not been without edification. The responsible organs of the Press have dealt delicately with the painful slanders that have been circulated concerning the mode in which the hapless Rudolph came by his end. Those devoted to the garbage of evil gossip have enlarged on each idle tale, and done their best to spread the tragical story. Studying the physiognomy of THE WIDOWED STEPHANIE, the daughter of a king, and wife of the heir to one of the most illustrious thrones of history, one is compelled to ac knowledge its want of sympathy, or magnetism that insensible and impalpable power of attraction, more power ful than beauty of feature, and far rarer. I could not help feeling a great pity for the young wife. I pity her lesB as a widow. She had lost — if she had ever had her husband's love ; she was forced to bear his preference for others and she was in a strange land. Now no one can rob her of her dead. And her child is her own. She is not yet twenty-five, and was married to the Crown Prince on May 10th, '1881. May is always held to be an unlucky month for marriage. The little Archduchess Elizabeth is her only child, and she was born on September 2nd 1883. The Austrian constitution decrees that the crown can only devolve upon a female in default of male heirs, so the next heir to the crown now is the Emperor's brother, the Arch duke Charles Louis, who is three years younger than the Emperor, having been born in 1833. Meyerling, the scene of the tragedy, is twelve miles from Vienna. It is a small village, in tliemidstand vicinity of which was the property purchased by the Crown Prince for shooting. The scenery is very lovely, and the place soon became tlm favourite resort of the Royal couple. The interior was in the Re naissance style, and very beautiful. I do not know why, but since I have read the terrible story, Hood's immortal poem, " The Bridge c>f Sighs," has haunted me, and I thought how far nobler it would have been to " Make no deep scrutiny Into bis mutiny ; Rash and undutiful , Past all dishonour, Death has left on him Only the beautiful ; " he was " Mad from life's history. Glad to death's mystery, Swift to be hurled — Anywhere anywhere Out of the world. Ah ! let us Cross his hands humbly, As if praying dumbly, Over bis breast ; Owning his weakness, His evil behaviour, And leaving, with meekness, His sins to his Saviour." In all their deep humanity, how appropriate are these lines to the dead Prince. The Pictorial press has a power beyond that of typo. It, with a few strokes, can bring a " living" object before the eye, and kill with cruel irony sentiment and chivalry. It can also suggest ; and our suggestion, I would fain hope, mav bear fruit : THY THE ''CAT," and see if fair ladies' jewels and paterfamilias' plate will not be safer than a safe over made them. The cat killed garrotting. There are no garroters now. L have been told by those who bavo seen the-" c it " applied with vigour, that the biggest and burliest bully cries like a child when lie hears the swish in the air, and feels the first slash on his back. For wife- beating, for burglary, and for brutal assaults, ply the nine tails with a will and a way. Perhaps we shall have the friendly ally accredited to us soon. I touched on the supernatural last week, and this week also I have something to say on the always interesting subject. A story has been going the rounds, that a lover staying in his fiancees house dreamt that Blie stood beside him, . / '!' ... \\\ BECKONING TO IIIM TO FOLLOW HEB. So vivid was the dream, he rose, and knocked at her door. Getting no answer, he pushed the door open, and found her lying on the ground, blood issuing from her mouth. She was dead ! A blood-vessel had burst, and it was as certained that just as the beckoning figure appeared to her lover, she had died. There are thousands of equally well- accrcditcd stories of the same kind ; but tbo ghost proper is prolific. It seems that the poor Prince Rudolph bad lately taken wonderfully to mystic lore, and bad dabbled in suiritualism. Tlu; very presentiment; lie held as to an earl7 death was out of nature. I have, on more than one occasion, slept in a room with the reputation of being haunted. I was wakeful, but not nervous, and several times on falling asleep was suddenly woke — by the fur niture talking in creaks and s.tarts — a way old furniture has when the weather is changeable. Basket-ware will talk all night it' frost is in the air. I often hear ghost stories, and have been amused to note bow embellishment creeps in. The same story told by three different people following each other would, at last, be unrecognisable be side its original. The Pyscbical Society has run some ghosts to earth, but it lias brought not one to the test of delinitenoss. In Manchester, last week, I cutcountercd a broad-bro- gued Irishwoman, who was holding forth at a great rate on the virtues of Mr. O'Brien. I did not contradict her ; I let her have her wicked way — till she changed front, and charged at his captors. She wistied she had a six-chambered revolver, or a " knoife," and wouldn't she "kill." "I'd like to feel my knoife going into these Here came some Parliamentary language. I asked what part of the Ould Country she came from, and she said Tipperary, but that she had been forty years in Liverpool. Then, dropping the avenging fury, she became gentle and pathetic, and said she was going to the deathbed of her daughter, who was in a hospita1. It is a curious world, and, "there's nowt so queer as fowk," as the old Yorkssaw has it. But THE LATEST PATRIOT has on the wliolo a good time of it, as my friends can see for themselves. This is a hygienic ago. Somebody is always tilting against some body or thing. The latest discovery is that salt is pernicious to the body corporeal. In the American Maga zine I road some remarks on the subject by Dr. Wm. F. Hutchinson. He says : " I was at dinner a few days since, when two ladies astonished me by the quantity of salt they ate. Each half emptied herindividual cellar into the soup, finished it with fish, called for more with entrees, and were out again before the meal was done. Roughly, I believe that an ounce a piece of pure salt would have boon about what they each at,e. Belli were thin, nervous women, with sallow, muddy skins, and weak, llabby muscles. " Inquiring later of one of llioin if that was her common consumption of salt, she replied that she ate as much or more at every meal, and had done soever since she could remember; also, that she believed a larger consumption than hers was not uncommon. Salt in moderation is abso lutely necessary to health — indeed, to prolong life. Its chief component, hydrochloric acid, is part of the gastric juice, and needful in small quantities. Bill when these are increased, free acid appears on the scene, and, acting, as a powerful irritant, develops acid or nervous dyspepsia to an uncomfortable degree. Continued, stomach mem branes-lose secreting power, become thickened and insen sitive, and a long train of symptous like those of organic heart disease begin to appear, and prove exceedingly obstinate to cure. A half-teaspoon! til of salt daily, exclu sive of what is used in foods is all that should be eaten by an adult." I do not know who this Dr. Howard is, but bis name is a strange coincidence. Some thirty years and more ago. a Dr. Howard wrote and preached against Bait as the forbidden fruit, and the fnctoi of half the bodily ills of humanity. One lady gave it up entirely, ate even her egg without a grain of tho condiment, when suddenly it was announced that Dr. Howard bad committed suicide. The lady took back her foresworn luxury, and recovered the tone she had lost in her health. Patt.i seems to have learnt the secret of preserving her youth. She tells tho ingenuous reporter that : " When I am at home 1 go to bed early — at half-past ten. I rise early — that is, early for singers, which means half-past ten. So you see, when 1 am not singing, I sleep nearly twelve hours in the twenty- four. Plenty of sleep — that, is the secret of beauty and freshness. I don't sleep until ten, of course, but I make it a point not to get up at once when I wake, but to take a glass of hot water and a lemon, and read my letters bo- fore getting out of bed. It's a tnistako to jump up light away after waking. I bathe in tepid water, and then sponge off with a cold sponge. On singing days I take a light and earl7 dinner at three, and only a biscuit and a cup of hot bouillon after the performance No great quan tity of food, and plenty of sleep — that's tho way to keep one's complexion and figure intact. I rarely touch wine — a liqueur-glass full of whisky after luncheon or dinner, sometimes a glass of champagne. Nothing more.1' But how many could follow such w. regime ; and, 1 think I may add, how few would. At the Vaudeville, " That Doctor Cupid " runs merrily MISS WINIFRED EMEItY, AS KATE CONSTANT, AND MR. THORNE score heavily. London is theatre mad. I hear of some four new ones in course of planning or erection, and if the bill of fare is good, they will all fill. Our four millions odd want relaxation. Wo may get about, too, at nights easier if electricity as a substitute for the back a 'bus horse is the success claimed. It gave one a queer, eerie feeling the other day to see the horseless omnibus going ahead down Piccadilly and other thoroughfares, guided by the driver on the top, which, however, holds no passengers. I have always hugged the belief that electricity will re lease the horse fiom its bondage. We shall breed fewer horses, and better ones too. The Strand at 11.30 at night is a scene of apparently tho wildest disorder— scurrying pedestrians, charges of cavalry, shouts and din. Electric vehicles would simplify matters wonderfully. Our statistician has interested himself in ascertaining the exact number of persons who cross London Bridge in one day on loot. A guessing competition in a penny weekly settled the point. An arrangement was entered into with the Commissionaire Corps, and a large staff of men was dratted on to the bridge lor tho whole twenty- four hours of the 23rd of last month. Tin result proved that 111,873 loot passengers wero checked, and that in addition, 45,000 vehicles, each on an average, with three persons, crossed. I like numerical facts. They awe me. 1 read some little time ago that 45,000 dollars worth of tui keys went from Canada to Boston for Christmas con sumption. Imagine £9,000 worth of turkeys to one place alone- ZlNCO. 