A MYSTERIOUS HEREDITARY CURSE. ! There is a certain family in Boston which suffers from a mysterious hereditary curse, of the sort one reads about in liair-elevating stories of the supernatural. The first son of every daughter bleeds to death. The story as to the manner in which the affliction originated can not, of course, be vouched for. It has to do with a wicked great-great grandmother who murdered a rich uncle by opening one of his veins with a poniard in order to get pos session of the old gentleman's vast wealth. The ghost of the deceased subsequently appeared to the un scrupulous niece and announced in hollow tones, appropriate to the tomb, the dismal prediction that for all time thence forth the eldest inale child of every girl in her family should die of bleeding to death, i So much for the explanatory tradi- j tion. The fact is that for many generations the Crockett family of Charlestown—which is a part of Boston—and vicinity, has been pur sued by a hemorrhagic Nemesis. The first son born of every daugh ter, even to remote cousins, invari ably bleeds to death. All other members of the Crockett tribe are exemptfroin the mysterious trouble. Butthe method of this inherited curse is so well known that each female | Crockett is prepared on the arrival of her initial boy, for the experience thatiaboundtoensure. The first little cut or even scratch, the infant ex periences is the signal for a panic. Bandages are applied as quickly as possible, and tlie wound is treated with a preparation of iron in the form of a powder. It is a narrow squeak in such cases always, but there is a good chance of recovery in eight days if the thing is taken in time. At the end of that time the patient either gets well or dies from loss of blood very suddenly. For such is the manner of the, bleeder's complaint. He is sure to be attacked in precisely the same way every time during his after life that his skin is seriously abraded. On occasions of the sort he must adopt immediate measures remedial or die. By exercising the most extraordinary precautions he may reach a comfortable age; but sooner or later he is sure to perish by an outward accident, causing a flow of blood which no physician's art can stop. So far not a single one of the destined family has es* caped the penalty. The oldest one now living is a Mr. Surratt, of Mel rose, who has been accustomed, when he wanted a tooth pulled, to revise his will, visit his relations, and bid them all good-by, as though it were likely to be for ever. Life is an extra-hazardous risk when you are a bleeder. Thus it happens that oldest sons of the Crockett family direct or collateral on the maternal side, are found to be en gaged in grave digging and other harmless avocations which are not likely to occasion incidental hurts. 