The lngo0dsby Legends. BT THOM3AS INGOLDSBY, ESQ. -o Father Johln Ingoldsby, to whose papers I am largcly indebted for the saintly records which follow, was brought up by his father, a cadet of the family, in the Romish faith, and wa, educated at Douai for the church. Be sides the manuscripts now at Tappington, he was the author of two controversial treatises on the connection between the Papal Hier archy and the Nine of Diamsonde. From his well-known hlyalty, evinced by secret serviccs to the Iloyat cause dturing the I'rotectora'e, he was excepted by n:ine out of the acts against the Papists, became saperin tendent of the Queen Dowagel'o chapel at Somerset House, and enjoyed a amall pension until his Bt, thwhich took place in the third year of Queen Anne (170.I), at the tnatule age of ninety-six. He was an ecclesiastic of great learniug and piety, but from the stiff and antiquated phraseology which lie adouted, it lhas been thought necessary to mouderise it a little: this will account for certain ana chronisuis that have unavoidiably crept in ; the substance c f his narratives has, however, been Fstrictly adhered to. His hair-shirt, alntest as good as new, is still preserved at Taplpington-but nobody ever wears it. THE JACKDA'W OF RHEI1S. f "'Tune miser Cou'us adn ncnseicntie stimulis eapCapinetus fInt, et eicrtio etins tenthre cs ineaerncait, ut exinde tabesoere inciperct, numnem Icoutahcret, omuni cibnum anvcrarctur, ncee unpliht croeitarct: mnia-, prtcrca ci deiluebant, ct alio ipendulis entues faetiss.,iltermisiit, ct tam maser apoa-ruit uiurues ejas misorescerent, 'Inthe abbas sacerdotibus mandoavit it rirsus fuien bsolverrent': quo frect, Conrus, omnibnus nrieantibe, Ipropediem conedurit, et lristinml santo ettem recaup?rvitC". o d llet. OrnO. Cialie. "TanJcJledsw nat on the Cardinal's chair l Blioshp andl bbot, and prior sere there; ' rM-dey at mouk, and many a friar, l-tny a knight, and many a squire, With a great masey more of lesser degrce In cdoth a'goodly company ; And they served the Lord Primate .on bonded . knee. Wever, I ween, Was a prouder seen, Read of iri books, or dreamt of in lreams, Than. .the Cardinal Lord Archbishop of -In and out Thro?gh the motley rott, That little Jackdaws kept bopping about ; Hlere hdthere Like a dog in a fair, . Over comfits and caste, And dishes and T plates, Cowl and cope, and rochet and pall, iitre and crohier Ig ho hopp'd uponl all :.. With a saucy air, He perched on- tho e chair Shere, in slate, the great Lord Cardinal' t In the great Lord Cardineal' great' redht i; "Atd he peer t in the face Of hise Lrdship's With a satisfild look, as if he would r We two aren the greatest folks hereto-day ! n SAnd tie priests, withl absto As such- freaks' they now, Said, " Te Devil must be in that little Jack The feast was over, the board wa' dle r'd oe The flawns and the custards liaed ,nll disnp: And six little Sigi?g bosny der'tBi le souols ! I In nice clesn faces, and nice white stole, SCame in order due; Two by two, " Marching that grand refectory through I A nice little boy held a golden ewer '" Embois d and fill'd with water, as pure As any that flown between liteims and S?amur, SWhich a nice little boy stood ready to catch In a fine golden hand-basin made to match. i Two nice little boys, rather nmre grown, Carried lavender-water, and.cau do.Cologne; And a nice little bay had a nice cake of.soap, 1 Worthy of washing the hands of tle Pope. SOne little boy more A napkin :boie,. . Of the best white diaper, fringed with pink, t And a Cardinal's Hat mark'd in permanent' in-ak." ou . T . . .re ,ce :: : l A .: ,i , an. s The great Lord Cardinal trns at thse sight o. Ofi hes'nice little boys dres'dall in whit or From hs finger he draws His costly tur u quoisa ' ; And, not thinking at all bout little Jackdaws, Deposits it otraight'By thu cside of his Splate, a While the nice littlo boys on his Eineo e wait; . ::: eTill, wheu nobody's :dre- mingof any such That little Jackdaw heop 'lff with the rin-I' : There's a cry nid a shout, A'nd a deuce of a rout, f And nobody eems :t " tknow.as hat they're about, oBut the monks have their pockets' all turn'd inide out'. Tie frinars are kneeling, And iionting, and thfeelingd; e The carpet, thi floor, and th.'d wls, and the ceiling.-. The Cardinal.drew di f' each pluD i colour'd slloe , . - :- - _. :4, ..: _i : o ' And left. his. ed, stkingos aepet'd to the H" pesepoenl "h?fed ?lrl Iii the toes and the hrees ; or e i They tornh op;the:dishes' they turn up the plate -' s hey take-up the poker and poke out. the S grates, . -They turn up the ?ruos, They examine a the mtgs H But' no no tuch thing;-" Theycan't find Ta e ci And the Abbot declahred that, " clien nobody Stwigg'd it, '-:.-.. n :-. 1 Some nraca- or other had popp'd, in, and Sr:igg'd it !" The Cirdliil rote with a digniaed look, - " He caUlld fr, hifis wadlc his bell andhin bbo:o In hiol3.lager and' iion grief,; "He soleinaly citwed thb-t rucally, thief i :" He cursed him at liboaird, he cursed him in h':--b ad;".: : : SFrom tlnle sofo obhin odt :toethe crown of But wlhad; -v r " " l 'e E'p. e Tlie cuired him iinsleeping, that every night He eliotld dream of the desil, end wake in Sa figiht; he cit iand him an etiars he snernd ham in Hecu:rsed.hnmih ancughing, in sncezing, in 'He corsd hrimin sitting, in standieg, in ling; He ursned hm in walking, in riding, in fly to lng, " -" A" o" " -He cursted-hi in living, he cursed him : dying 1£ . hevcer was heardt'sul a terrible crse ! Bist what gasve iso sTo no little surprise, -'baody seem'd one penny the wrse lie The day was gone, The night camne on, The Hottnk aud the Friras they searched till da' ii When the Sacristan saw, On crumpled chaw, Come liaping a poore little lamd Jackd aw o longern y, As on ysterdoy;ay way; His pinions droop'd-- he could hardly etand, His hed ws as to bald as the palm of your hand ; His eye so dim, So wasted each limb, That, leedles of graimmar, they all cried; That's the c:ainp that has done this scandalous thinag ! That's e thief t!Lt has got miy Lord 3ardi nteal' H Rinig i ThIe per liltte Jclkdawar, Whcu the monkt h e si-s, Feebly gire v-ct to the ghost of a can-; And tuCrn'd his bald cet, much as to say: SPray, ce so good eas to wenlk thiwas el Slorer :nrl sloek r d i I inp'td on before, Till tliy cameto the bahk of the bherey door, Wilere tlo fir fthring they sa, Midat the stis - alnd tChe straw, Was the nrs in the tnest of that little Jack clw i Then tIe grect Lord Cardieal ce!a'd for his And i-.f that tcrri-bto car.e lie took i BItlo lmute ?isres iion Served in lieu of on fes~irh hn, iHd herd e tIue couipled with vitu retitution, The JatckiaVs got tlealy anbsolutiun ! \----\hen those words wnre heard, That Wats so cl hanged iul a moment, 'toot really if s-re-s'cluck anid 1st ; Iu additivn to that, ,A firh crop of fealhert came thick at a mat 1 His tail s-ialed more Even than before; iBut no lonrer it sagged with au impudent air, No longer he pereh'd on the Cardinals chair, He hopp'd tioss about With a gait desout ; At Hatins, at Vespers, he never wces out And, so far from any more pilfering deeds, He alway's seemd . telling the Confessor's beads. If any one lied-or if any one swore Or slumber'd in prayer- time and happen'd to snore, That good Jackdaw Would give a great ".Caw !" As much as to say, "Don't do so any more ! " While many remask'd, as his manners they saw, That they "never hbad known such a pious Jackdaw;" lie long lived the pride Of that country slde, And at laot in the odour of sanctity died; When, as words were too faint, His merits to paint, Tihe Conclave determined to make him a Saint; .And oil newly-made Saints and Popes, as you know, It's tile custom, at Rome, new names too bestow, ;So they canonizd him by the name of Jem Crow i A LAY OF ST. DUNSTAN. " lijs Iol c'iilbtr Dunstan teas borer in re prrr of our orthe ix lnjorea ~- xxv. filat tlmr rregnnge in tlls? loaten tinger itljrln tons " ?Elan it ro tlun thiat Kansit 3Iuntaon naoe tmrsn of praprer tljan ttar ljr to trrLtr in golamct tljes urrttr loif) iji otuntr Ijalbrr fsr to tor!jt;r pbrlurs." Golden Legcond. ST. DrUssmS stood in his ivied tower, Alembic, crucible,, all were there ; When in came Nick to play him a trick, In guise of a damsel passing fair. Every one knows How the story goes : He took up the tongs and caught hold of his nose. But I beg that you won't for a moment sup poee That I mean to go through, in detail, to you A story at least ;s trite :a it's true; Nor do I intend An instant to spend On the tale, how he treated his monarch and friend. When bolting away to a chamber remote, Inconceivably bored by Ihis Witen-gemote, Edwy left them all joking, And drinking, and smoking, So tipsily grand, they'd stand .nonsense from no King. But Eeut the Archbishop Thtir Sovereign to lish il'. With a hlint that perchance on his crown lie might feel tapli Unless he came back stlright and took off his heel-taps. You don't want to be plagued with the same story twice, And may have seen this one, by W. DYes, In last year's Exhibition 'twas very well done, And stood mark'd in the catalogue Four, seven, one. You might there view the Saint, who in sable array'd.ie, Coercing the M-onarch away from the Ladies; His right- hand has hold of his Majesty's The left points to the.door, and he seems to Ssay,i "'Sir Kiig, Your most faithful Commons won't bear of ' our shirking ! Quit- your tea, and return to your Barclai and \- erkyn, Or, by-Jiego,* ere morning, no longer alive, a Sad victini you'll lie to your love for Elgiva l" SNo farther to treat Of this ungallant feat, What I mean to do now is Euceiuctly to paint A particular fact in the life of the Saint, Which, somehow, for want of due care, I presume, Has escaped the researches of Rapin and . Hume, In recounting a miracle, both of them men, who a Great deal fall short of Jacques, Bishop of Genoa, An Historian who likes deeds like these to record See hisa Atrea Legenda, by pitstlnitt be :- aor r. St. Dunstan stood again in his tower, Alembic, crucible, all complete; He had been standing a good half-hour. ..And now he utter'd the words of power, And call'd to his Broomstick to biing him " seat.' The wor3o of power !-and what be they To which e'en Broomnsticks bow and obey ? Why,--'twere incommonly hard to say, As the prelae I namned has: recorded- none of : them, SWhat they mcy be, i Bht I know they are three, And ABRACADABRA, I take it, is one of them : .. Fore'l'a told that most Cabalists use that identical - Word,- writtenthus, in what they call "a IPentable'.! . - Howeverhtlim, . !You'll doubtless ogres It signifies little to vcon r to me, As not being dabbler?is i:Grammarye ; Still, it musht be confess'd, for a Saint to re peat Snch language aloiud is scnrcely discreet; For, as Solomon hints to folks given to chatter, "A bid of the air may carry the matter; " And in sooth . From-my youth, I remem ber a truth : Insisted on much in'my earlier years, To wit, "Little Pitchers have ve y long ears!" Now, just such a "Pitcher" as those I allude to Was outside the door; which this "ears" ap : perred glued to. Peter, the Lay-brotber, meagre and thin, Five feet one in his sandal-shoon, -While the Saint thought him sleeping, SVas listening and peeping, And watching his master the whole after noon. This Peter the Saint had pick'd out from his fellows, To 160k'-to his fire, and to blow with the bellows, To.put on tihe Wall'sends and Lambtons S whenever he Chose to indulge in a little oifcccrice; For, of course, you have read, That St. Dunston was bred A Goldsmith, and never quite gave up the trade; The Company-richest in London, 'tis said Acknowleldge him still as their Patron and Head ; Nor is it so lofig Since a capital song In his praise-now recorded their archives Samong Delighted tlhe noble and dignified throng Of their guests, who, the newspapers told the whole toown. With cheers "pledged the winescup to Dun Estan' renown," When Lord Lyndhurst, TiE DeiKE, and Sir .Robert, were dining At the Hall some time since withl the Prime :W.ardon Twiinig, -I am sadly digressing-a fault which some times One can hardly avoid in these gossiping rhymes- A slight deviation's foigive ; but then this is Tooe long, I fear, for a decent parenthesis, So I'll rein up my Pegasus sharp, and retreat, You'll think I've forgotten the Lay-brother Peter, Whom the Saint, as I said, Kept to turn down his bed, Dress his palfreys and cabs, And do other odd jobs, Ac reducingto writing Whatever he might, The course of tihe day or the night, be indit ing, And cleaning the plate of his mitre with whiting; Performing, in short, all those duties and offices Abbots exacst from Lay-brothers and Novices. It occurs to me hero You'll perhoaps think it queer That St. Dunstan should have such a person age near, When he'd only to say, Those words,--be what they may, And his Broomstick at once his commands wouldd obey. That's true-but the fact is 'Twas rarely hisl practice Such aid to resort to, or snch means apply, Unless he'd some "dignifilied knot" to untie, Adopting, though sometimes, as now, he'd reverse it. Old Iorace's maxim '"see Bsooms!ick in teriit." -Peter, the Lay-brother, meagre i nid thi, Heord niall the Sails, woas saying within ; Pleter, the Lay-brhther, sdllaw nd si lree, Peep'd throu.ig the key-hole, and- what saw he there ? Why, A DsOOmiSTICK BRINGIONG RUSH nOTTO'D CHAIIl. St. Jingo, or GCngo (Geoinlphus), sometimes st-lod "The Living Jiago," from the great taenCIous ness ef vitality euhibited by his severed members. Ose his Legend, ,as recorded hereafter in Use present volume. What Shakspearn observes, in his play of King John, Is undoubtedly right, That "oftimes the sight Of means to do ill deeds will make ill deeds done." SHere's Peter, the Loy-brother, pale-faced and meagre A good sort of man, only rather too eager, To listeu to what other people are saying, When he ought to be minding his business or prayiog, Gets into a scrape,-and an awkward one tio, As you'll find, if you've patience enough to go through The whole of the story I'm laying before ye, Entirely from having "the means" in his view Of doing a thing which he ought not to do ! Still rings in his ear, Distinct and clear, Abracadabra! hit word of fear ! And the two which I never yet happened to hear. Still doth he spy, With Fancy's eye, The Broomstick at work, and the Saint stand ing by; And he chuckleks, and ays to himself, with glee, "Aha ! that Broomstick shall work for me !" Hark ! that swell O'er flood and o'er fell, Mountain, and dingle, and moss-cover'd deli l List !-'tis the sound of the Compline bell, And St. Dunstan is quitting his ivied cell; Peter, I wet, Is off like a shot, Or a little dog scalded by something that's hot, For he hears his Master approaching the spot Where he'd listen'd so long, though he knew he ought not : Peter remember'd his :taster's frown He trembled--he'd not have been caught for a crown; Howe'er you may laugh He had rather, by half, Have run up to the top of the tower and jump'd down. The Compline hour is past and gone, Evening service is over and done ; The monks repair To their frugal fare, A snug little supper of someth'n5 light And digestible, ere they retire for the night. For, in Saxon times, in respect of their cheer St. Austin's Rule was by no means severe, But allow'd, from the Beverley Roll'twould appear, Bread and cheese, and spring onions, and sound table-beer, And even green peas, when they were not too dear ; Not like the Rule of La Trappe, whose chief merit is Said to consist in its greater austerities; And whose monks, if I rightly remember their laws, Ne'er are sufferedto speak, Think only in Greek, And subsist, as the Bears do, by sucking their S paws. Astonish'd I am The gay Baron Grramb'1 With his head san'ring more of the Lion than Lamb; Cotuld e'er be persuaded to join sneuc a'set-I? Extend the remark to Signor Amligetti.- Forn monk of La Trappe-is as thin as a rat, While tin Auetin.Friar was jolly and at;.- i Though, of couase, the fare to which l allude,d With as good table-beer as ever wtas breiw'd, Was all "caviare to the multitude," Extending alone to the clergy, together in lHall assembled, and not to Lay-brethren. St. Dunstan himself sits there at his post, On what they say is Called a Dais, O'erlooking the whole of his clerical host, And eating poach'd eggs with spinach and: toast ; Five Lay-brothers stand behind his ohilr, But where is the sixth?-Where's Peter ? Ay, WHERE ? 'Tis an evening in June, And a little half moon, A brighter no fond lover ever set eyes on, Gleaming and beaming, And dancing the stream in, Has made her appearance above the horizon ; Just auch a half moon ts you see, in a play, On the turbnh of Mustapha-Muley Bey, Or the fair Truk who weds with the "Noble Lord Bateman;" -Vide plate in George Cruikshauk's memoirs of that great man. She shines on the turret remote and lone, A turret with ivy and moss overgrown, And lichens that thrive on the cold dank stone; Such a tower as a Poet of no mean calibre, I once knew and loved, poeer,-dear Reginald Hoeber, Assigns to oblivion*-a den for a She bear; SWithin it are found, Strew'd above and -around, On the hearth, on the table, the shelves, and hitheground, All sorts of instruments, all sorts of tools, To name which, and their uses, would puzzle the Schools, Andt"make very wise people look very like fools; Pincers and hooks, and black letter books, All sorts of pokers, and all sorts of tonga, And all sorts of hammers, and all that belongs To Goldsmiths' work, chemistry, alchymy, all, In short that a Sage, In that erudite age, Could require was at hand, or at least within call. In the maidst of the room lies a Broomstick ! -and there A lay- brother sits in a rush-bottom'd chair ! Abracadabra, that fearful word, And the two which, I said, I have never yet heard, Are utter'd.-'Tis done i Peter, full of his . .fun, - Cries, "Broomstick : you lubberly son of a SgUn ! Dring nale !--Bring a flagon- a hogshead--a tun. . 'Tis the snain thibg' to y ,i ; h"I h?ae nothing to do; . And, 'fore George, I'll -at hero, and I'll drink tillall's blu !" "- -- ,- - ., So doubt you'veO remark'd how uncommonly \- quick A Newfoundland puppy runs after a stick, Brings it back to his master, and gives it him ! \--Well, So potent the spell, The Broomstick perceived it was vain to rebel, So ran off like that puppy;--some cellar was near, For in less than ten seconds 'twas back with the beer l Peter reizes the flagon ; but ere he can stack Its contenls, or cnjoyc what he thinks his good luck, The Broomstick comes in with a tub. in a truck ; Continues to run At the rate it.begnu , And, ani pied dc lelltc, next brings in a tun i A fresh one succeed.s, then a third, thtn Sanother, Discomfiting much the astounded lay brother; Who, hatd he possessred fifty pitchers or stoupo, They thad all beoan too few; for, arranging in groups Theo ba,rel, the Broomstick naxt started tihe hloo;ps : The ale delnged the flooer, Bult, still, thlrooigh thie door, Said Broomstick kept bolting, and bringing in E'n ,Ttacethl to Moedtuff iPouhl have es led " Ihl ! enough ! " If hltl ts well drench'd with tuch " perilous stuff," Anl Peter, lwho dil not expect such a rough visit, Clild lustily, "Step !-That will do Broom stick !--Sr.icit I" But ah, we!l-aday ! The Devil thley say, 'Tis easier at all times to raise thon to lay. Agii aid aigain Peter roarel out iu vain Hie Abracadtbrat, and t'other wordls trwain: As well miight one try A pack in fuill cry To check and call off from their headlong career, By bawling out " Yoicks ! " with one's hand at onsr' enr. The longer he roar'd, and the louder and qutick-r, Tihe faster the Broomstick was bringing in liquor. The poor Lay-brotlt-r know Sot on earth what to do IHo canuht hol of the IBroomsatick anl snapi it i, tt'o.- Worsu and wor-e -L-Lie a dart, Each pait itade a start, Aud he fouuld he'dl been addg more fuel to fir,, For bftth now came loaded with aletx'a enulire; Combe's DehtlBeld's, tianbur.'t, Trueuns- no etopping Goding'., Chaington'g , Whitbread'econtinued to drop in, A mid dld oiltloidn, midst tite rtin laid, Folds her danko wing beneaet the ivy shado. .sAlrrET1,e. With iHodson s pa'o ale from the Sun Brew. house, Wa ppintg. The firms differ d then, but I can't put a tax on My memory to say what their names were in S txor. To ba sure the best beer Of all did not appear; For I'?o said 'twas in June, and so late in the year The "Trinity Audit Ale" is not come-at.able,; -As I ve found to my great grief when dining at that table. Now extremely alarm'd, Peter scream'&d; with out ceasing, For a flood of brown-stoot he was up to his knees in, Which, thanks to the Broomstick, continued increasiog; He fear'd he'd be drown'd, And he yell'd till the sound Of his voice, ninag'd by terror, at last reach'd the car Of St. Dunstan himself, who had finished his beer, And had put off his mitre, dalmatic, and Eiroes, And was just stepping into his bed for a snooze. His Holiness paused when he heard such a clatter ; eo could not conceive what on earth was the matter. Slipping on a few things, for the Enak of .ecorum, He issued forthwith from his sanctunl sanc torum, And calling a few of the Lay-brothers near him, Who were not yet in bed, and who happened to hear him, At once led the way, Without farther delay, To the tower where he'd been in the course of the day. Poor Peter !-alas ! though St. Dunstan was quick, - There were two there before him-Grim Death and Old Nick ! When they open'd the door out the malt. liquor flow'd, Just. as when the great Vat burst in the Tot'n'am Court Road ; The Lay-brothers nearest were up to tlreir necks In an instant, and swimming in strong double X; While Peter, who, spite of himself, now had drank hard, After floating awhile, like a toast in a tankard, To the bottom had sunk, And was spied by a monk, Stone-deald, like poor Clarence, half drowned and half drunk. In vain did St. Dunstan exclaim " tade retro Strongbecrunm t---discedeaLay-fe tre Petro! " Queer' Latin, you'll say, That proefix of And Stronlbeerum !--I own they'd have called me a blockhead if At. school I had ventured to use such a Vocative ; .Tis a barbarous word, and to me it's a query If you'll find it in Patrick, Moarell, or iMoreri; But, the fact is, the Saint was uncommonly flurried, And apt ,to be loose in his Latin when Siurriedd; ' The- Browli-stout, however, obeys to the le"tterb Quite as well. ao if talk'd to in Latin much lbetter, By a grave Cambridge Johniah, -Or graver Oxonian. Whose laaguage, we all know, is quite Cicero It retires from the corpse, which is left high and dry; But, in vain do they snuff and hot towels apply, And other means used by the faculty try. When once a man's dead There's no more to be said Peter's "Beer with an e" was his " Bier with an i!!" MORAL. .aronaLL. By way of a moral, permit me to pop in The following maxims:-Beware of eaves dropping !- Don't make use of language that.isn't well scann'd ! Don't meldle with matters you don't under stald ! Above all, what I'd wish to impress on both sexes -Is-Keeli clear of Broomsticks, Old Nick, and three XXX. - :- vnoye. In Goldsiniths' all-there's a handsome glass ease, And in'it a stone figure found'on the place, When, thinkingg the old-- Hall no longer a Spleasant one,: .... . They pell'd it all down, and "erected the pre' sent one. . If you. look,: you'll perceive' that this stone figure twists ' A thing like a broomstick in one of its fists. It's so injured by time, you can't make out n' feature; But it is 'not St. Dunstan,-so doubltless it's Peter. Gengulphus, or. as he is usually styled in this country, "Jingo," was perhaps more in the mouths of the "general " than any other Saint, on occasions of adjuration. Mr. Simp kiuson from Bath had kindly transmitted me a portion of a primitive ballard, which has escaped the researches of P.itson and Ellis, but is yet replete with beauties of no common order. I am happy to say, that since these Legends first appeared, I have recovered the whole of it.-Vide inrfra. " Effraunllcn's bogge Irprb obrr a stair, flab iija nianer 1as hurl 3p1ngo, 33 tuitlh a ?-D hauitll an i, tljre eallrt Itrit litrl lSgoga i ljia frarrldon, Hors, $ brtirecr goohr aplr, Rnb IJr rallrt it Barr gootr Hlgngo l H, ',. V N, 5, iO ! ic tallet it ifa:r gfoor ftnfngo ! Notor is not isli? a ?nrrtir aong ? I tblLr it ia, hlg iano l 3 huatll a Y-P1-f-r l satnar oat is, bir ?gnlgo I " . SA LAY OF ST. GENOULPHIUS " 'on inmalta past, Gelgallphras, ill demo stol dor miens, oectrus est a qeuodar clerics qihi carm sxoro sm s dulterer solerat. Cujus eorposdmi nt fretro in sepalturam portaretur, multi infirmt do tactu sanati sanat.". :" Cum Iocilliu, usort rfcerrtrr ob netncillarh, soicet domnnunas aro qrsarn mertyrern anr lm Ita Gengalar1aas mimcula facitnt ut pulvinarriusr mourn eantat,'" ae., oe. WOLF,, .11rConAn. GEsNGULPHUS comes from'the IHoly Laud, With hIris scrip, and his bottle, and sandal sheeoon; Fell many a day Iros he been away, Yet his Lady deems him returned full sooln. Frll many a day hlas he been away, Yet scarce had he crrossd ayont the sea, Ere a spruce young spark of a Learned Clerk Had called on hIis Lady and stopped to tea. This spruce young guest, so trimly drest, Stay'd with that Lady, her revels to crown; They laugh'd, and they ate and they drank of the best, And they turn'd the old castle quite upside down. They would walk in the park, that spruce young Clerk, With that frolicsome Lady so frank and free, Trying balls and plays, and all manner of ways, To get rid of what French people called Ennui. Now tIle festive board withl viands are stored, Savoury dishes be there, I ween, Rich puddiags and big, and a barbecued pig, And ox-tail soup in a China tureen. Tiaere's a flagon of ale as largo as a pail When, cockle on hat, and staff in hland, While on nought they are thinking savee eat ing anrd drinking, Oetrgrlplhos warlks in from the IHoly Land ! "Ysou must be pretty deep to catch, weszels oleep," Says thIe proverb: that is "take the Fair A maid o'er the banisters chances to peep, Whisprs, "Ma'aL. here'e GenIgliphus a coming upstairs." Pig, pudding, and soup?, the electrified group, With the flagon,pop urider the sofa in haste, And c:,ntrive to deposit the Clerk in the closet, As the dish least of all to Geogulplhuc's taste. Then oh I what rapture. what Joy was exprest, When "poor dear Geng ulphus " at last appeard ! She kis'd, anod she press'd " the dear man " to her breast, In spite of his great, long, frizzly beard. Such hugging and equeezing I 'twits almost unpleasin-g, A smile on her lip, and a tear in her eye; * She was so very glad, that she. seemed half mad, And did not know whether to laugh or to cry. Then she calls up the maid and the table cloth's laid, And b she eds'for a pint of the best Brown Stout.; On the fire, too, she pops some nice mutton chops, And the mixes a stiff glass of " Cold With out." Then again she bege.n at the "poor dear" mas ; She prera'd him to drink, and she press'd him to eat, And she brought. a foot-pan, with hot water and bran, To coemfult his "poor dear" travel-worn feet. ' Nor night nor day sicOe he'd been away, Hlad she had any rest" she "vowd and declared," She "never could eat one morsel of meat, For thinking how ' poor dear' Geugulphus fared." She "really did think she had not slept a wink Since he left her, although he'd been absent so long," lie here shook his head-right little he said, But he thought she was " coming it rather too strong." Now his palate she tickles with the chops and the pickles, Till, so great the effect of that stiff gin grog, His wenhen'd body, subdued by the toddy, Falls out of the chair, and he lies like a log. Then out comes the Clerk from his secret lair ; Ile lifts up the legs, and she raises the head, And, between them, this most reprehensible pair Undress poor Gengulphus and put him to bad. Then the bolster they place othwairt his face, And his night-cap into his mouth they cram ; " And she pinches his none underneath the clothes, Till the "poor dear soul" goes off like a lamb. And now they tried the deed to hido; For a little bird whisper'd, "Perchance you may swing ; Here's a corpse in the case with a sad swell'd face, nd Aa 'Crowner's Quest ' is a queer sort of thing ! " So the Clerk and the Wife, they each took a knife, And the nippers that nipp'd the loaf-stigar far tea; With the edges and points they severed the joints At the clavicle, elbow, hip, ankle, and knee. Thusr limb from limb they dismembor'd him So entirely, that e'en when they came to his wrists, With those great sugar-nippers they nipped off his "flippers," As the Clerk, very flippantly, termed his fists. When they'd cut off his head, entertaining a dread Lest folks should remember Gengulphus's face, They determined to throw it where no one could know it, Down the well- and the limbs in some different place. But first the long beard from the chin they ehear'd, And managed to stuff that sanctified hair, With a good deal of pushing, all into the cushion, That filled up the seat of a large armchair. They contriv'd to pack up the trunk in a sack, Which they hid in an osier-bed outside the .loswn, The o.Clek bearing arms, legs and all on his b.... ck, As, the. late. Mr. Greenacre served Mrs. Brown. But to see niow how strangely things sometimes turn out, And that in a manner the leastexpected ! Who could surmise a man ever could rise Who'd been thus carbonado'd, cut up, and disseeted 1 No doubt'twould surprise the pupils at Guy's ; I am no unbeliever- no man can say that o' me But St. Thomas himself would scarce truse his own eyes, If he saw such a thing in his School of Anatomy. You may deal as you please with Hindoos or Chinese, Or a Mlussulman making his heliehen salaam, A Teow or a Turk, but it's other guess work When a man has to do with a Pilgrim or Palmer. By chanee the Prince Bishop, a Royal Divine, Sends his cards round the neighbourhood next day, and urges his Wish to receive a snug party to dine Of the resident clergy, the gentry, and bur gessee. At a quarter peat five they are all alive. At the palace, for coaches are fasst rolling in; And to every gueset his card had express'd "Helf past" as the hour for "a greasy Schin." Some thirty are seated, and handsomely treated With the choicest Rhine wines in his High :: : nss's sleek; When a Cost of the Empire, who felt him self heated, Requested some water to mid with his IIock. The Butler, who saw it, sent a maid outl to draw it, But scarce had she given the windlass a twirl, Ere Geugulphus's head from the well's bottom slid In mild necents, "Do help us out, that's a good girl! " Only fancy her dread when she saw a great head In hier bsucket ;-with friglrt she wars ready to drop: Gonceire, if you can, how ello roared and she ran, With the Ihead rolling after her, bawlis'g out "Stop I" She ran and she roar'd till she came to the board Where the Prince Bishop sat with his party aIrounld, When Oengulphius's poll, whlich continued to roll At her heels, on the table bounced up with a bound. Never touching the cates, or the dishes or plates, The decsanters or glasses, the sweetmeats or fruits, Tie Ihead amiles, and begs them to bring him his legs, As a well-spoken gentleman asks for his boots. Kihking open the casement, to each one's amuazement. Straight a riglht leg steps in, all impediment scorns, And near the head estopping, a left follows hIopping Behlins,--for the left leg was troubled with coree. Next, bafrre tIre behlolders, two great brawny shoslderl, And arms on their bent elbowrs dance thlrough the tlhrne, While two hands asist, tlhough nipp'd offab t! e wriet, The s aid ehouhlers in bearisg a body alonrg. They mon:ch up to the head, not one syllable For the thirty guests all' stare in wonder eud douLt, As tlhe limbs in their sight arrange and unite, Till Gengulphus, though dead, looks as sound as a trout. * Sea laepvss y'Oaaennn-llOa, I will venture to say, from that hour to this day, Ne'er did such an assembly behold such a scene; Or a table divide fifteen guests of a side With a dead body placed in the centre be t seen. Yea, they stared--well they might at so novel a sight ; No one utter'd a whisper, a sneeze, or a hem, But sat all bolt upright, and pale with anright ; And they gazed at the dead man, the dead man at them. The Prince Bishlop's Jester, on punning intent, As he'vien'd the whole thirty, in jocular terms Said, "They put him mind of a Council of Trecnt Engaged in reviewing the Diet of Worms." But what should they do?-Oh! nobody knew What was best to be done, either stranger or resident. The Chancelior's self read his Puffendorf throughl In vari,, for Ihis books could not furnish a precedent. The Prince Bishop mutter'd a curse and a prayer, Which his double capacity hit to a nicety His Priocely, or Lay, hall induced him to swear, Ifis Episcopal moiety said "Benedicite!" The Coroner sat on the body that night, And the jury agreed--not a doubt could they harbour "That the chin of the corpse-the sole thing brought to light IHad been recently shaved by a very bal barber." They sent out Von Triiusend, Yon Biirmie, Von ire, Von Maine, and Von Rowantz-through chllets and chateaux, Towns, villages, hamlets, they told then to go, And they stuck up placards on the walls of the Stadthaus "rMURDERl i! W"~rIac.ts, a dead Gentleman, surname un known, Has been recently found at his Highness's banquet, Rather shabbily drest in an Amice, or gown In appearance resembling a second-hand blanket; "And WIIEREAS, there's great reason indeed to suspect That Eome ill-disposed person or persons, with malice Aforethought, have kill'd and begun to dis sect The said Gentleman, not very far from the palace; "THIS IS TO GIVE N'OTIE !- Whoever shall seize, And such person or persons. to justice sur render, . Shall receive-such lRnwAn--ae his Highness shall please On conviction of him, the aforesaid offen der. "And, in order the matter more clearly to trace To the bottom, his Highness, the Prince Bishop, further, Of his clemency, offers free P.anox and Grace To all such as have not been concern'd in the murther. "Done this day, at our palace, July. tweitly five, By command, - , . (Signed) . -" Johann Yo: Ruissell. :N.B. Deceased rather in years-had a squint:whenu alive ; And smells slightly of gin-linen mark'd with a G." The Newspapers, too, made no little adb, Though a different version each managed to dish up ; Some said "The Prince Bishop had run a man through," Others said " an assassin had kill'd the Prince Bishop." The " Ghent Herld " fell foul of the "Brosru-. eiles Gazette," . . The "Bruzelles Gazette," with much sneer ing ironical, Scorn'd to remain in the "Ghent Herald's" debt, And the "Amsterdam Times" quizz'd the " Nuremberg Chronicle." In one thing, indeed, all the journals agreed, Spite of ".politicos," "bias," or "party collision ; " Viz.: to "give," when they'd "further anc counts" of the deed, " Full particulars " soon, in " a later Edition." But now, while on all sides they rode and they san, Trying 'all sorts of means to discover the caitiffs, Losing paitiouce, the holy Gengulphus began To .think it high time to "astonish the natives." First, altittmcister's Frau, who was weak in both eyes, And'supporsed the most short-sighted woman in Holland, Found gloater relief, to her joy and surprise, From one glimpse of his "squint" than from glasses by Dollond. By the slightest approach to the tip of his Nose, Megrims, headach, and vapours were put to the rout; And one single touch of his precious Great Toes Was a certain specific for chlilblains and gaIt. ltheimatics, sciatica, tic-donloureux ! SApply to his shin-bones--uot one of them A liogera; i All bilious complaints iu an instalit withdriew" If thie patient was tickled with ohe of his fingers. Mnch virtue was found to reside in his thumbs.; When iapplied to thle chest, they cured scantness of breathing, Sea-sickuess, aud colic; or, rubb'd on the gums, Were remarkably soothing to infants in teething. lWhorever saluted the nape of his nelk, Where thie mark remained visible still of the knife, Notwithstandling east winds perspiration might cheock, Wars safe from sore-throat for the rest of hlia life. Thus, while each acute, and each chronic complraint, Giving wary, proved an ioluencrt cearnly divine, They perceived the dead Geatlemarn must be a Saint, So they lock'd him up, body and bones, in a shrine. Through country and town his new Saintship's As a first-rato physician kept daily increas. ing, Till, es Alderman Curtis told Alderman Brown, It seemned as if "Wonders hid never dclone ceasing." The Threo Kings of Cologne began, it was known, A sad frllng eloff in their oilings to find, His feats ware so many--still the greatest of any In every sense of the word, was--blhind; For the German Police were begiinning toI From exertions which each day more fruit less apperr'd, When Geogrlphus himself, his fame still to incrence, Unravelt'd the whole by the help of-lhis beard l If you look back you'll see tile aforesaid barte grits, When divorce'd from thIe chin of its mour der'dci proprietor, aied beenI stuti'd in the seat of a kind of settee,. Or idouble arm-chair to keep thie thing quieter. It mU'y seem ratlhecr strange, that it did not arrange Itrelf in its place when the 1a;bs join'd together ; P'rhars it could not get out, for the cushion Swres stouit, And constructed of good, strong, maroon \- colour'd leather. Or, what is more likely, Gengulphus might choose, For Saints, o'en when dead, still retain their volition, It should rest there, to aid some particular views, Produced by his very peculiar position. Be that as it rmay, tilhe very first day That the widow Geugulphus s.it down on that settee, What occurr'd almost frighten'd her senses away, Besides scaring her handmaidens, Gertrude and Betty. They were telling their mistress the wonder. fill deeds Of the neer Saint, to whom all thes Tootn said their orisos ; And espccdally hlow, as regards invalids, IIis miraculous cures for outrivall'd You Morison'e. "The cripplec," said they, "fling their crutch s na way, And people born blind now can easily sea us!" But she (we presume, a disciple of Hume), Sheok her head, and said aingrily, "L: ired Jueleii s ! "Those rascally liars, the Monks and the Friars, To bring grist to their mill, these devicos have hit on. He works miracles !-poclh !--I'd believe it of you Just ics soon, you great Geese, or the Chair that I sit on ! " The Chair!-at that word-it seems really absurd, But the truth must be told,--hat euntor. lions and grins Distorted her face !-she sprang up from the p'ace Just as though she'd been sitting on needlet and liUs ! For, as if the Saint's beard the rash c!.1 lenge had hieard Which she utter'd, of what was beneath her forgetful, Each particular hair stood on end in the char, Like a porcupine's quills when the anim,'s fretful. That stout maroon leather, they pierced alto. getllher, Like tenter-hooks holding when clechl, from within, And the maids cried "Good gracious ! how very tenacious ! " -Tihey as well might endeavour to pull ovI her skin ! She shriek'd with the pain, but all efforts were vain ; In vain did they strain every sinew and muscle The cushion stuck fast !-From that hour to her last She could never get rid of that comfortless " Bustle ! " And e'en as Macbeth, illen devising the death Of his King, heard "the very stones prate of his whereab-uts :" So this shocking bad wife heard a voice all her life Crying " Murder I " resound from -the cushion-or thereabouts. With regard to the Clerk, we are left in the dark As to what his fate was ; blit' I cannot imagine lihe Got off scot-free, though unoticed it be Both by Ribadaneirn and Jac?ues do Vora ginoe; For, cut-throats, we're sure,:;can be never .- . secure, i . . .. d ` .istor'y's nuse Istil to prrve it her pen . holds, ....., An syouill orev, if youn holk in a rather scarce hboonk, "God's ?Ieretige agzi'e? M??·rder,, l"by one Mr'R R ynolds. Now, youb grave inarried Pilgrims, who wander away,' "Li ko Ulysses of old" (vie H'Iomer and Naso) Don't lengtheu :your stay to three'yeaors and a diy 1. ' -And when you are coming home, just wtite and sayso !: -.:. And youi'leariel ClerksI, ?hi'r :no given to roam, : ". : Stick cldos to yor?i bihok, nor lonse siht of decoruinm; :5 . Don't visit a house _'henithe imster's from home ! Shun drinking, and study the " Fie Seanc torum i" Above all, you gay Ladies, who fancy neglect In your spouses, allow not your patience to fail ; But remember Gengulp hus's wife ! and refleet On the moral eiforeed by her terrible tale i o Qui mores hominum multorum vidit et urbcs. AN INDIAN RIP YAN WINKLE. IN the Calcutta High Court, the wonderful history of a Hindoo " Claimant" occupied the attention of Mr. Justice Norris for somne da.s. Nundo Lal Pal, according to his story, left the family lhouse in Jorasanko, Calcutta, some 17 I years ago, in consequence of the harsh treat ment he received from his brothers. ie was then 17 years of age, and after wandering for some days in the streets, and sleeping at nights in tile sweetmeat shops, he fell in with an Emigration Agent, who persuaded hini to ship to the Manritius, under the name of Peer Bukkus. Be took service there as a coolie sirdar under his Mahomedau name, and in tinie forgot the language of his fathers, but retained a recollection of the family history. For many years he continued to serve in a strange la!d, finding himself unable to save enough n.oney -for his return passage ; and after sending hou?e one letter he relinquished as hopeless the attempt to communicate with his relatives. -Eventually he obtained a passage to India froin the Emigration Agency on account of his bcing too old to work, and hie then male his way to the aeestral dwelling-house, where he founda his nephews in possession. His contemporariaes, .withl the exception of some of the ladies of the family, were all dead, but the latter professedl to recognise him, and introduced himi as "' Uncle." On his putting in a claim to a shisdin ithe family property he was, lhowever, ;met wili a good iimany questions, and it was decided to treat himii as an impostor. His story, as.told in the witness-boxe in broken Hindus tani, of the events of his boyhood, bore upon iit the semblance of truth; hut it was urged wilh some force that thie claiim, even if a true one, was barred by limitation under the Act of 1859, as the plaintiff had not participated in the profits of the joint famiily esta'e during his absence from India. Whether this Act or the subsequent ones applied to the ease is a very difiicult question, which it lecame- unsecery to decide, as the neplhews agreed to allow their ancient relative an aiuity for tihe remaindter if his life. It is not often in this country, rays the Ca!cutitla E?niashnniisu, that a hip \ii Winkle returns to liife after a prolonged sojouri in a foreigi land, having .urrived tIso genera-i tions during an expatrilation of nearly ha:i a century. Nundo IiLal Pal's ab:eve cover- a Iperiod that his witnessed the coup'ete tlan:s formation of India. 