110OW THEB OROWN PiRINCE OF AUSTRIA DIED. [" Aeoes" TELRaniRne] LosnoN, Feb. 8. Many conflicting statements are current respecting the circumstances of Prince Rudolph's death. The following narratives supply details of the versions most widely circulated. Prince Rudolph had for the last three 'year at least been living in a bad way. His disappointment at having no son first estranged him from his wife, and his infidelities completed the separation. Gradually it becameapparent that the young pair, formerly so attached, were leading a catoand-dog life. Tile Prince took to drinking to excess, and and being of, aslight build, a nervous lymphatic temperpment, and highly im aginative and excitable, he could not stand wine. He lost his interest in his literary pursuits and artistic studies, and was always craving for excitement. He did mad things when out bear-shooting and deer-stalking. He was frequently seen with a flushed face. He took pleasure in loose society, becamte smitten. with a fondness for ghost stories anld spiritualism; and was haunted with a fear that he might become mad, like Louis the Second of Bavaria. Ile had an intrigue with a Baroness Marie ran V., a young lady, 21 years old, one of the beauties of Austrian society. Site belonged to an old Czech family, and was niece of a well-known sportsman. The acquaintance between the baroness and the Crown Prince began some months ago. This increased the estrangement between the Prince and his wife. He scarcely made any secret of his determination to obtain a divorce. He counted confidently on receiving the as sistance of the Emperor, on account of the disappointment experienced by' His Majesty when the doctors certified that the Crown Princess could have no further issue. To the Crown Prince's surprise and disappointment, however, the Em peror point blank refused to countenance anything of the kind. His Majesty pro feased himself, as Ire undoubtedly is, very very much attached to the Crown Princess, and he rated his son for his unmarital conduct. Ot Sunday, the 27th January there was a terrible scene between the Prince and his wife. The Princess Stephanie threatened to return to her parents in Belgium, and the Prince taunted her with having no son. The Emperor had to interfere. He told the Prince that he would appoint him Gover. nor of Bosnia and oblige him to go and ire at Serajrva. "There," he said, "you will have to lead a reputable life, and there will be an end to all these scandals." At the same time the Emperor cautioned the Princess to be more patient with her' husband The Crown Prin:e was seen for the last time in public at the Princess Reuse's reception. On that same Sunday evening he was wearing the Prussian uni. form, and seemed in a gay mood, though: lushed and' iome'what flighty. The next morning his father sent for him, and re pealed what he had said an the previous day, but with more perermptoriness, add. ing that he would give the Prince a week to make his submission, and promise to lead a better life. The Prince got very angry, and left his father withnout kissing his hand, according to tIe Austrian custom. Striding away to his apartments, he took off his uniform, put on a suit of shooting clothes, and sent notes to Prince Philip of Coburg,, and Count Joseph Hoyes, inviting them to join him at Moyer. ling for a couple of days shooting. Soon afterwards he started for Meyerling in a twonhorse cab, driven by a man named Brarfisch, a noted singer of comic songs. On Tuesday night the Prince dined with Count oyeos, and steadied hIs nerves with n good deal of champagne. At first he was in very low spirits, but he gradually brightened up; and after dinner, Brat. fiach, the cabman, was summoned to sine to hint. The Prince, Count Hlryns, and BratfiscI remained together until 3 o'clock in the morning ; but during the intervals between Bratfisch's songs, the Prince several times left the diningrnem and went to his study to write letters, which.were afterwards found on his desk. At 3 a.m. this singular company separated on the understanding that the Prince would gon out shooting at O o'clock in the morning. From this point the accountsdilfer,same telling the gamekeeper's story, and making the girl who committed suicide not the Baroness roll V., but another young lady of the Austrian aristocracy, of Portuguese extraction and fierce temper. The day after the Prince's departure from Vienna she went onut shopping with her aunt, and gave that lady the slip While the two were in a warehouse together. On reaching Meyerling she insisted on seeing the Prince. The interview quite unnerved him. Shte stormed, and declared that her shame would soon become public, and ended by saying that unless the Prinee would take her openly under his'protec. tion, and elope with her for a few weeks of foreign travel she would commit suicide. Thie Prince was so frightened that he dared not let the girl go back to Vienna alone, but proposed that she should rensin' for the night at Meyerling, nnd 'she; was accordingly installed' ir the lodge of the head gamekeeper, a maen named Goth schart. In the night the Prince slipped nut and went to the gamekeeper's lodge to see the'young lady.' At this hour the underkeeper, a man named Weedering, was going his night rounds. He had orders to call the head-keeper at O o'clocli,' and at the hour appointed he went to the lodge nod knocked at thIe door. . He was carrying a donuble-barrelled' loaded 'gun slunp over hIis back. Suddenly, while he knocked at the frort door of tIhe house he heard a window at the side .open :and somebody jump onut. Haying toin idea that the Prince was in ihe hrouse'he ran round, and. raw.a mant scampering off in the dark. He abouted "satop" and! the next instant fired. The mran dropped, hit in the shoulder. Weedering hurried up, atnd the Crown Prince, struggling 'to his feet, gasped oui, "Inm the Archduke Rudolph.. I am hit. Lead me to the Schloss." The Prince swannned just'as he reached the winnow, where the girl whom hIre had left a 'few moments before was standing. Weedering appears then to have called nut in his distraction that he had killed the Prince, upoan ' ~ihich'the girl withdrew wtth adismayed shriek, and swallowed the contelts of a bottle of poison which ahe had brought' with. her. It is not certain whether the Prince knewr What she hIad done. The only .certain thitig is that recovering quickly from.hisswoon he' ordered Weederlng againi. to help him to walk to the Schloss, and gave him the strictest injunctions to lold his:tongues ThIe Prince then went home, and shortly afterwards was found lying dead,'drencher irith blood. He was lyinghalf outof be'd and a revolver seas on the floer.' ' According to another atoiy the 'lame. keeper's tale is all false, and the truth is" said to be as, follows :-The Prineeowent to BIeyerling, and the Baroness blarie dis appeared, leaving a note for heas iother in which she said that she was going to drown herself. Her terrified inther in' stontly went to Count Taaffe, thle Aistrian' Premier, and the latter promised to Rnase inquiries to he made. Detectives were' accordingly placed upon the track of the' young lady, and on the followinig day they nade the discovery that she staying with' the Crown' 'Prince t'-Meyerling. Cotiit Taaffe 'conveyed'e the'information ion her mother,who, on \Yednesday mormning, the da'y of thle suicide; wentI to he Etperor end laid' tile miittler before him. On re turning hoie.tihe mother found another letter from her, daughter, dated from 'Meyerli tgin' wlich the youthful haron ess antinnced that she atrd the Crown Prince hadrresalved to commit suicide to gerlier.' Thie Prince hald promised her marriage as' soon as he obtained his divorce frorts the Princess, anttd when Irhe informred her th.,t this wao nowr impossible a owing to the Emnperor's reflusal to consent to the divorce, they resolved to commit aenicide. This lhey l idl rn thie \Wednesday mornmoirg in the bedrlom of thie Prince: When Loschlek, tile P'rince's valet, entered thle bedroom in thie mornirng, after having vainly knocked frer admittance, he found thie bodies of the itwo itvers lying on ithe bed. Before calli:ng for anyonet huoarried the body of the baroness into an adjoin. ing room, so that when Prince Philip of Coburg and Count Hoyas, on being aum moned by Lo?chek, entered the bedroom, they saw only the body of the Crown Prince, and naturally concluded that it was a simple case of suicide, as was report. ed to the Emperor. On being informed of his son's death the Emperor at once suspected the truth, and exclaimed, " I would rather have lost a province than that this disgrace should have befallen me." The correspondent of the "Daily News" at Rome states that he has been able to learn the exact particulars of what occurred at the Vatican between the Holy See and the Imperial .Family of Vienna,on the occasion fPrince urludlph's death. The Pope rec'eied the first lelegrani, sinotinc ing simply the death of the Prince, to which His Holiness himself wrote a reply of a few lines, and this for him was an extraordinary thing to do, as he has the greatest difficulty in hnlding a pen. On the following day there carsle a long tele gram, from Vienna, explainiin all the cir. cumstances of the case, from which it ap. peared that there had been both a suicide and a duel. A difficulty. tlherefore, arose to decide whether the Archduke should have religious burial according to canoni cal law. Suicide being.considered in the light of madness, a religious service is granted, but it is not allowed to those killed ;in edaels. The)congregation of cardinals immnediately assmbled by order of the Pope to examine into the question. After a long discussion the cardinals came 'to the conclusini, that ~only one deranged In mind could could have entered intoa such a duel, The natural consequence of the decision was that the necessary per mission was granted. The.Emperor re ceived the news with the deepest gratitude, and telegraphed to the Pope that in his great bereavement His Holiness Ilad spared him the greatest grief. 