DISTRICT NEWS. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENTS). Noorat. Thursday. an examination in Temperance Physio logy was hold in this village on Saturday last.-iindtf tho auspices of the Melbourne Temperance Society. Tkn lt cv . S. Fraser Mr. -Winter, nnd auothcr gentleman* forming a local committee, attended and supervised affairs. Tho questions were in tho shape of printed slips, and were forwarded by post to the chairman of tl» local committee, Mr. Fraser, who opeutd them, as is customary on sucli occastoni in the presence of tho cominltt-e and competitors. Examinations were h-ld si] aver the colony at the same date and wei; attended by n largo number of competitjri As there are between two and three hundred prizes to be given, amounting to some £150, it is very probable that oue ur two will coino this way when the awardi are announced. This, however, Trill not be for some two month* in consequence of the lanre number of papers that havo to be examined. That well-known stock disease, "red wator,"is very prevalent in this neighbour, hood at present, nnd dairy coivi are dropping oil on all sido?. Thero liai always been a certain percentage of lossei through this cause, hut during the present winter the mortality ha?, it seenn, considerably increased. Several wide!; different reasons of the cjuso of tin disease havo been given, but it cannot I* eaid that anybody has discovered the trui origin of the malady. In thetame maun c althongh various remedies have bee: announced, yet in most cases these havt proved inoperative. Hock salt, Kpsur. salts, change of pasture, rain water ban all been tried. Sume of these havo given relief for a time, but in most cases tht fell disease his returned, with increased virulency, and has succeoded in finishing its victim. Tho salo of tho remainder of tin Glenormiston estate that is to come oi next month has attracted several intend iug buyers,- who aro making a persona survey of the country. I havo been told that there is a phot in this neighborhood. My informal*; says that it makes an almost night!; appearance, clad in the traditional whitt sheet. As there is a suspicion that* tin "ghost" is rather too substantial to lvi! from the spirit world, a charge of salt hu been prepared with «hich to receive it ot its next visit. Accordingly, our "glmst" visitant will bo honored with a saluti befitting its importance on the nei: appearance. Several cases of a mild type of diphtheria have occurred in our midst, be: most of these are already out of danger, and the rest will probably be soon in th: same favorable position. Agricultural operations aro finished for the present. Potato planting, with ihe exception of an acre or two of earl; varieties, will not take place for a mouth or two yet. A very large mob of store cattle arrived at the Mount Noorat estate, this week from Gippsland. They were a fine lot, although in low condition. 