riiHE SECRET OF POWER IK | PRAYER. " By C. H. Spuugeok. If ve abide in Me, and My words abide in you, ve riiidl ask what ye will, and it shall be done unto you.' LljOUS XY-, 7. The gifts of grace arc not enjoyed all at once by relievers. Coming unto Christ, we are saved by a true union with Hun ; but it is by abiding in that union that we further rcc?iye the purity, the joy, the power, the blessedness, which are stored up in Him for his people.. See how. our Lord states this when He speaks to the believing Jews in the eighth chapter of this gospel, at the thirty-first and thirty-second verees r--' Then siid" Jesus to those Jews' which" believed on Him, If ye continue in my word, .then are ye 3iv disciples indeed; and ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free.' We do not know all the truth at once ; we learn it by abiding in Jesus. Perseverance in grace is an educational process by which we loam the truth fully. The emancipating power of that truth is also gradually perceived aud onjoyed. 4 The truth shallmake you free ' Onebond after another snaps, and we are free indeed. You that ate young beginners in the divine life may be cheered to know that there is something better 'still for you; you huxi not yet received the full recom pense of your faith. As your hymn puts it — 'It i£ hetur en before ' You snail have happier views of heavenly things as you climb the kill of spiritual cx- jKTieuce. As you abide in Clmst you shall have hi mer confidence, richer joy, greater stability, more foimnunion with Jesus, and greater delight iu tlm Lord your God. Infancy is beset with many evils from wliieh manhood is exempt ; it is the same'iu the spiritual as iu the natural world. There are these degrees of attainment among "be- lovers, and the Saviour liere incites us to reach a high pos ti m by mentioning a certain privilege which is not for all who say that thev are in Christ, but for these only who am abiders in Him. Every believer should be aa abidtr, but many have hardly earned the name as yet. Jesus says, 4 If yc abide in Me, and My words abide in you, ye shall ask what ye will, and it shall be done unto you.' You have to live with < Lrist to know Him, and the longer you live with Him the more will you admire aud adore Him; yes, and i -io more will you receive from Him, even grace for gmcc. Truly, he is a blessed Christ to one who is but a month old in grace ; but these babes cau hardly tell what a precious Jesus He is to those whose acquaintance with Him covers well-nig h half a eeniury! Jesus, iu the esteem of abiding believers, eiows sweeter and dearer, fairer and more lovely, day by day. Not that He improves in Himself, for He is l u i'oet: but that as we increase in our knowledge of Rim. we appreciate mora thoroughly His matchless excellences. Kuw glowingly do His old acquaintances t v.htim. ' Yea. He is altogether lovely Oh, that we may continue to grow up into Him in all things who i 'Cii head, that we thus may prize Him mora and more I, .ail y.jir: earnest attention to pur text, begging you t > consider with me three questions. First, "what is this special blessing ? 4 Ye shall ask what ye will, and it shall be done unto you.' Secondly, how is this spe.'iiii blessing obtained 'If ye abide in Me, and ?ty w,-«is abide in y.ju. Then, thirdly, why is it obtained in this way ; There must be a reason for the conditions laid down as needful to obtaining the promised power in prayer. Oh, that the annointing f'i I hc Holy Spirit which abideth on us may now i:.:ikc this subject very profitable to us ! I. What is this si'kuiat, blessing I Let us read the vcr-e acum. Jesus says. 4 If ye abide in Me, and My word abide in you, ye shall ask what ye will, and it drill be done unto you.' Observe that our Lord laid been warning us that, severed from Him, we can do nothing, aud. thereforej ve might naturally have expected that He would now show us how wc can do all spiritual acts. But the text does not run a we should have expected it to riffl. The Lord Jesus does not say, 4 Without Me ve cm do nothing, but, if ye abide in Me, and My woids rbide in you. ve shall do all spiritual and gracious : hire.' He does not now speak of what they should themselves be enabled to do, but of what should be done unto them : 4 it sha 1 be done unto you.' He scys not, 4 Strength shall be given you sufficient for nil those holy doings of wliieh you are incapable Hum! % im Me.' That would have been true enough, :;nd it is the truth which we looked for here; but- Din' most wise Ixnd improves upon all parallelisms of speech, and improves upon all expectancies of heart, ::n'l says something better still. He does not say, 4 If yc abide in Me, and My words abide in you, ye shall do spiritual tilings but, 4 ye shall ask.' By prayer you shall be enabled to do ;but before all attempts m do, ' Ye shall ask.' The choice privilege here given ;'s a mighty prevailing prayerfulness. Power in prayer i very much the gauge of our spiritual con dition : and when that is secured to us in a high dceTw, we are favoured as to all other matters. One of the lirst results, then, of our abiding union with Christ will be the certain exercise of prayer: " Ye shall ask.' If others neither seek, nor knock, nor ask. ye. at anyrate, shall do so. Those who keep away iiom Jesus do not pray. Those in whomcommunioii v uh Christ is suspended feel as if they could not pray ; but .Jesus says, 4 If ye abide in Me, and My words abide in you. ye shall ask.' Prayer comes spontaneously from those who abide in Jesus, ''v.ju as certain oriental trees, without 1 ii'd-sura, shc-d their fragrant gums. Prayer is t he natural outgushing of a soul in communion with the leaf and the fruit will come out m lae vine-branch without any conscious effort on 'he part of the branch, but simply because of its bving union with tlic stem, so prayer buds, and -essoins, and fruits out of souls abiding in Jesus. Ab stars shine, so do abiders pray. Itis their use and \ iJr nature. They do not say to themselves, x«»w it is the time for us to get to our task and jVay-' .No. they pray as wise men eat, namely, when the ui.sue for it is upon them. They donoteryout 'Sunder bondage, 4 At this time I ought to fie iu pia vtr. but I do not feel like it. What a weariness a is !' but they have a glad errand at the mcrcy-seat, limit coy arc rejoiced to go upon it. Hearts abiding iu t lirist send forth supplications as tires send out nam<\--s and spark. Souls abiding iu Jesus open the ! 21 P1!"01' 1 prayer surrounds them as an atmosphere all day long ; at night they fall asleep Rrymg. I have known, them even dream a prayer, 7 / iiny rate, they arc able joyfully t o say, ' When i avGue. I am still with Thee.' Habitual asking ' oiiicsoui of abiding in Christ. You will not need mgrng to prayer when you are abiding with Jesus, vvlil ys? ' "e 1ja ak and, depend upon it, you You shall also feel most powerfully the necessity 01 flayer. Yorn- gi-eat Deed of prayer will be vividly f hear you «iy — 4 Wliat ! When we abide ;n bbiLt, and his words abide in us, have we not ureiuiv attained Far are we, then, from being satisfied with ourselves ; it is then that we feel more uian ever that we must ask for mora grace. He that best, knows his own necessities bast. He Uiat is most conscious of life in Christ, is also convinced of his own death apart from Christ, j e v "fJ most clearly discerns the perfect character of esus, win be Ulus't m-gent in prayer for grace to ?row hko him. The more I see to be "in my Lord, ti lc.n3?.re desire hi obtain from Him, since I know urat all that is in Him is put there on purpose that I mi' receive it. 4 Of His fulness have all we received, ana grace for grace. It is just in proportion as we Gt- !3 ? Christ's fulness that we feel the neces- _'p,ot drawing from it by constant prayer. Nobody Y . 0 ' PrtYe to an abider iu Christ the doctrine of «, \for we enir tie thing itself. Prayer is now >>f n UCa a necessity of our spiritual life as breath is natural life ; we cannot live without asking £2? ?f the Lord. 4 If ye abide in Me, and My w ; r j amde in you, ye shall ask and ye shall not "Mv cease from asking. He hath saiil, 1 Seek ye r ,vJac„ aQd your heart will answer, Thy face, -Lord, will I geeij j U - next, that the fruit of our abiding is not only i®e ,f prayer, and a sense of the necessity of _J , er' but it includes liberty in prayer. 4 Ye shall kro« will.' Have you not been on your nfJ!5uies "without power to pray ? Have you t. lc't that you could not plead as you desired ? to pray, but the water's were frozen up, simt nt flow. You said, mournfully, 4 1 am nil lIp' and cannot come forth.' The will was in -n011 ut not the freedom to present that will tlioi ei b) you, then, desire liberty in prayer,- so wirv F9®? sjreak with God as a man speaketh ju a "is fnend ! Hera is the way to it" If ye abide ve Trili words abide in you, ye shall ask what »s I do not mean that you will gain liberty 9 .mere fluency of utterance, for that is a very ri0i' fi'ft, Fluency is a questionable endowment. weight of SH!ieebng: me brethren pray Sd notlcn JJi. pa' rf measured by weight, SSve more Sln&le-; Sroan before &od2ray; nl m,\t oration He dweUs with Ctod in Chi'ist tiSsiLn are enlarged in in- ST; w« eft.boly because he abides at Sfa sceptre stretched out, Ask wWthou wilt, and in done.unto thoe.' It is the man who abides 11111011 ,hLs who fias freedom of may J,e come to Christ ln jrfst, and abides in Him. At- seJfe tllis holy liberty by excitement or IfwrP -i - bot one way of really gaining it, and here it is-4 If ye abide iu Me, and My word! m Yoo. ye sball ask what ye will.' Bv this be bled to open your- nuiuth wide, that Gk>d niayfiU it, ThusshaU you oecome Israels, and as princes have power with tJ?! his s not all. Tlie favoui-ed man lias the privi- » of successful prayer. 4YeshaU ask what ye a.nd, ball bo done unto you.' You may not ao it, but it sball be done unto you. You long to bear mut ; ask and it shall be done unto vou. Look at he vine branch. It simply remains in the vine, and by remaining in the vine the fruit comes from it - it is done unto it. Brother in Christ, the purport of on? obiect and design, is to bring loith fruit to the glory of the Father. To gain this end you must abide in Christ, as the branch abides iu the vine. This is the method by which your prayer tor fruit-fulness will become successful, it shnii be wn UU. y?u;' C tncercijg this matter, vou R&all; ask wnat you will, and it shall be done unto you. You shall have wonderful preva- lencowrthGod m prayer, insomuch that before vou Wo 5n n ans7Jf.r' aad. vbfic you are yet speaking « e desue of the righteous shaUbe granted. To same effect is the other text : 4 De- .J in the Lord, and He shall give thee the desues of Gune heart,' There is a great bi-eadth m this text Ye shall ask what ye will, nnd it shall Wo fC U1tx> youl koid gives the abider caite blaicliG. He puts iuta his hand a signed cheque, and permits hnn to fill it up as he wills. Does the text mean what it says? I never knew my Lord to say anything he did not mean. I ain sure that He may sometimes mean more than we understandHini to say, but He never means less. Mind you. He does not say to all men, 4 1 will give you whatever you ask.' Oh, no, that would be an unlond kindness ; but He speaks to Hisdiseiples, and says, If ye abide m Me, and My words abide in vou, 5 e sliall ask what yc wiil, and it shall be done unto you. It is to a certain class of men who have already reeeiA ed great g- ace at his hands — it is to them He commits this marvellous power of prayer. Ok, my dear friends, if I may covet-earnestly one thing above every other, it Is this : tliat I may be able to ask what I will of the Lord, aud have it. The prevailer in prayer is the man to preacli successfully for he may well prevail with man for God "when he has already prevailed with God for men- This 18 tbe man to face the difficulties of busi- nf.5S -rie ' for what can baffle him when he cau take all of God m prayer i One such man as this, or one such woman as this in a church, is worth ten thousand of us common people. In these we find the peerage of the skies. In these are the men in whom is tuuilled God s purpose concerning man, whom He made to ha ve dominion over all the works of His tmnds. Txie stamp of sovereignty is on the brows of these men ; they shape the history of nations, thev g-uide the current of events through their power on high. We see Jesiss with all things put under Him by the divine purpose, and as we rise into that image, wo also are clothed with dominion, and are made longs and priests unto God. Behold Elijah, with the keys of the rain swinging at his girdle ; he shuts or opens the windows oi heaven ! There are such men still alive. Aspire to be such men and women, I beseech you, that to you the text may be fulfilled : ' Y e shall ask what ye will, and it shall be done unto you.' The text seems to imply that, if we reach this point of privilege, this gift shall be a perpetuity : 4 Ye sln ask,' ye shall always ask; ye shall never get beyond asking, but ye shall ask successfully, for 4 ye shall ask what ye will, and it shall be done unto you.' Here we have the gift of continual prayer. Not for the week of prayer, not during a month's conference, nor upon a few special occasions shall ye pray prevail ingly ; but ye shall possess this power with God so long as you abide in' Christ, and His words abide in you. God will put his omnipotence at vour disposal ; He will put forth his Godhead to fulfil the desires which His own Spirit lias inwrought in you. I wish I could make this jewel glitter before the eyes of all the saints till they eried out, 4 Oh that we had it !' This power in prayer is like the sword of Goliath : wisely may every David say : 4 There is none like it ; give it me.' This weapon of all-prayer beats the enemy, and, at the same time, enriches its possessor with all the wealth of God. How can he lack any thing to whom the Lord hath said, 4 Ask what thou wilt, and it shall be done unto thee ?' Oh, come, let us seek tins boon. Listen, and learn the way. Follow me, while by the light of the text I point out the path. May the Lord lead us in it bv his Holy Spirit ! II. The privilege of mighty prayerf ulness— now is it to be obtained .' The answer Is, 4 If ye abide in Me, and My words abide in you.' Here are the two feet by which we climb to power with God in prayer. Beloved, the first line tells us that we are to abide in Christ Jesus our Lord. It is taken for granted that we are already in Him. May it be taken for granted in your ease, dear hearer ? If so, you are to abide where you are. As believers we are to remain tenaciously clingingto Jesus, livingly knit to Jesus. "We arc to abide in Hnn, by always trusting Him. and Him only, with the same simple faith which joined us to Him at the first. We must never admit any other thing or person into our heart's confidence as our hope of salvation; but rest alone in Jesus as we received Him at the first. His Godhead, His manhood, TTis life, His death, His resurrection, His glory at the right hand of the Father— in a word. Himself must be our heart's sole reliance. This is absolutely essential. A temporary faith will not save. An abiding faith is needful. But abiding in the Lord Jesus does not only mean trusting in Him ; it includes our yielding ourselves up to Him to receive His life, aud to let that life work out- its results iu u. We live ix Him, bv Him, fob Hrin, to Him, when we abide in Him. We feel that all our separate life has gone ; for 4 ye are dead, and your life is hid with Christ.' We are nothing if we get away from Jesus; we should - then be branches withered, and fit. only to be cast into the fire. We have no reason for existence except that which we find in Christ ; and what % marvellous reason that is ! The vine needs Hie branch as truly, as the branch needs the vine. No vine ever bore any fruit except upon it br anches. Truly it hears all the " branches, and so bears all the fruit ; but yet it is by -the branch that the vine displays its frui? fulness. Thus are abiding believers needful to the fulfilment of their Lord's design. Wonderful thing to say; but the saints are needful to their Saviour ! The church is His body; the fulness of Him that filleth all in all. I want you to recognise this, that you may see your blessed responsibility, your practical obligation to bring forth fruit, that the Lord Jesus maybe glorified in you. Abide in Him. Never remove from your consecration to His honour and glory. Never dream of being your own ma ster . Be not- tlTcseivant of men, hut abide in Clirist- Let Him be the object, as well as the source of your existence. Oh, if you get there, and stop there in perpetual" communion with your Lord, you will soon reab'se a joy, a delight, a power in prayer, such as you never knew before. There are times when we 'are conscious that we are in Christ, and we know our fellowship with Him ; and oh, the joy and the peace which we drink from this cup ! Let us abide- there. 4 Abide in Me,' sait-h Jesus. You are not to . come and go, but to abide. Let that blessed Sinking of yourself into-His life, the spending of all vour powers for Jesus, and the firm faith of your union w ith Him remain in you evermore. Oh, that wc.might_ attain to this by the Holy Ghost ! As if to help lis to understand this, our grafcious Lord has given usa delightful parable. .Let us look through this discourse of the vine and its branches . Jesus says, 4 Every branch' in Mc that beareth fruit, he purgeth it.' Take care , that you abide in Christ - when you are being purged. 4 Ob,' says one, 4 1 thought I was a Christian ; but, alaa t I have more troubles than ever. Men ridicule me, the devil tempts me, and my business affairs go wrong. Brother, if you are to have power m prayer you must take care that you abide in Christ when the sharp knife is cutting everything away. Endure trial, and never dream of giving up your faith because of it. Say, 'Though he slay Me, yet will I trust m Him. Your Lord warned you when you- first came into the vine that you would have to be piirged and cut closely; and if you are now feeling the purging Erocess, you must not think that some strango thing ath happened unto you. Rebel not because of any thing you may have to suffer from the- dear hand of your heavenly Father, who is the husbandman ox toe vineyard. No , but cling to Jesus all the more closely. Say, 4 Gut, Lord, cut to the quick if thou wilt ; but I will cling to Thee. To whom should we go I Thou hast the words of eternal life.' Yes, cling to Jesus when the purging j n'fe is in His hand, and so 4 shall Ye ask what ye will, and it shall be done unto you.' Take care, also, that when the purging operation has been carried out you still cleave to your Lord. Notice the third verse : 4 Now ye are clean through the Word which I have spoken unto you. AlAlo jn Me, and I in you.' Abide after cleansing where vou were before cleansing. When you are sanctified, abide where you were when first justified. When you see the work of the Spirit increasing in you, do not let the devil tempt you to boast that now you are somebody, and need not come to Jesus as a poor sinner, and rest in His precious blood alone tor salvation. Abide still in Jesus. As you kept to Him when the knife cut you, keep to Him now that the tender grapes begin to form. Do not say to yourself 4 What a faithful branch I am ! How greatly I adorn the vine ! Now I am full of vigour !' You are nothing and nobody. Only as you abide in Christ are you one whit better than the waste wood Which is burned in a fire. 4 But do we not make progress ?' Yes, we grow but we abide : we never go an inch further, we abide in Him ; or, if not, we are cast forth, and are withered. Our whole hope lies in Jesus at our best times as well as at our worst. Jesus saith, 4 Now ye are clean through the Word which I have spoken unto vou Abide in Me and I in you.' Abide in Him as to 'all your fruitfulness. 4 As the ; branch cannot bear fruit of itself except it abide in the vine, no ffi re can ye, except ye abide in Me.' 'Here, then, I have something to do,' eri«s one. Certainly you have, but not apart from Jesus. The branch has to bear fruit ; but if the branch imagines that it is going to produce a cluster, or even a grape, out of itself alone, it is utterly mistaken. The fruit of the branch must come forth of the stem. Your work for Carist must be Christ's work in you, or else it will be good for nothing. I pray you, see to this. Your Sunday- school teaching, your preaching-, or wha tever you do, must be done in Christ Jesus. " Not by your natural talent can you win , souls, nor by plans of your own invtnting can you save men. Beware of home-made seiiemes. Do for Jesus what Jesus bids you do. Remember that our work for Christ, as we call it, must be Christ's work first, if it is to be accepted of Him. Abide in Him as to your fruit-be axing. Yea , abide in Him as to your very life. Do not say, 4 1 have been a Christian man now twenty or thirty years, I can do without continued dependence upon Christ.' No, you could not do without Him if you were as old as Methuselah. Your very being as a Christian depends upon your still clinging, still trust ing, still depending ; and this He must give you, for it all comes from Him, and Kim alone. To sum it all up, if you want that splendid power in prayer of which I spoke just now, you must remain in loving, living, lasting, conscious, practical, abiding union with the Lord Jesus Christ ; aud if you get to that by divine grace, then you shall ask what you will, and it sliall be done unto you. But there is a second qualification mentioned in the text, and you must not forget it — 'and My words abide in you. How important, then, are Christ's words ! He said in the fourth verse, 4 Abide in Me, aud I in you,' and now as a parallel tothis it is, 4 If ye abide in Me, aud Mjr words abide in. you.' What-, then, are Christ's words and Himself identical ? Yes. practically so. Some talk about Christ being the Master, but as to doctrine, they do not care what His word declares. S i long as their hearts are right towards his person they claim liberty of thought. Av, but this is a mere subterfuge. We cannot separate Christ- from the Word ; tor, in the first place, he ie the Word; and, in the next place, liow dare we enli Him Master and Lord aud do not the things which He says, and reject tlie truth which He teaches ? We must obey His precepts or He will not accept us as disciples. Especially that precept of love which is the essence of all His words. We must love God aud our brethren ; yea, we must cherish love to all men, and seek their good. Anger and malice must be far from us. We must walk even as He walked. If Christ's words abide not in thee, both as to belief and practice, thou art not in Christ. Christ andHis gospel and His commands are one. If thou wilt not have Christ and His words, neither will He have thee nor" thy words; but thou shalt ask in vain, thou shalt by-and-by give up asking, thou shalt become as a withered branch. Beloved, I am persuaded better things of you, and things that accompany salvation, though I thus speak. Oh for grace to pass through these two-leaved gates, these two golden doors ! 4 If ye abide in me, and my words abide in you.' Push through the two. and enter iut ) this large room—' Ye shall ask what ye will, and it shall be done unto you.' 111\. It is my last work to try to show v. qv this privilege should be so obtaixed. This extra- ordinaiy power of prayer, why is it given to those who abide in Chi'ist ? May what I have to say encourage you to make the glorious attempt to win this pearl of great pr'ce ! Why is it, that- by abiding in Christ, and having His words abide in us, wc get to this liberty and prevalence in prayer ? I answer, first, because of the fulnessof Chi'ist. You may very well ask what you will wheu you abide in Christ, because whatsoever you may require is already lodged in him. Good Bishop Hall worked out this thought in a famous passage. I will give you tlie substance of it. Do you desire the grace of the Spirit ? Goto your Lord's anointing. Do you seek holiness? Go to his example, Do you desire pardon of sin ? Look to His blood. Do you need mortification of sin? Look to liis crucifixion. Do you need to be buried to the world ? Go to his tomb. Do you want to feel the fulness of a heavenly life ? Behold His resurrection. Would you rise above the world? Mai k his ascension. Would you contemplate heavenly tilings ? Remember His session at the right hand of God, and know that He 'hath raised us up together, and made us sit to gether in heavenly places.' I see clearly enough why the branch gets all it wants while it abides in tiie stem, since all it wants is already in the stem, and is placed there for the sake of the branch. What does the branch want more than the stem can give it ? If it did want more it could not get it ; for it has no other means of living but. by sucking its life out of the stem. O my precious Lord, if I want anything which is not in Tliee, I desire always to be without it. I desire to be denied a wish which wanders outside of Thyself. _ But if the supply of my desire is already in Thee for ine, why should I go else where ? Thou art my all ; where else should I look I Beloved, ' it pleased the Father that in. TTim should all fulness dwell,' and the good pleasure of the Father is our good pleasure also : weave glad to draw everything from Jesus. We feel sure that, ask what we will, we shall have it, sines He has it ready for us. The next reason for this is, the richness of the Word of God. Catch this thought. 4 If my words abide in you, ye shall ask what ye will, and it shall be done unto you.' The best praying man is the man who is most believingly familiar with the promises of God. _ After all, prayer is nothing but taking God's promises to bim, and saying to him, 4 Do as thou hast said.' Prayer is the promise thus utilised. A prayer which is not based on a promise has no true foundation. If I goto the bank without a cheque I need uot. expect to get money; it- is the 4 order to pay' which is my power inside the bank, and my warrant fox expecting to re ceive. You that have Christ's wdrd3 abiding iu you are equipped with those tilings which the Lord regards with attention. If the WOrd of God abideth in. you, you are the man that can pray, because you meet the great God with his own words, and thus overcome omnipotence. You put your finger down upon the -very lines, and say, 4 Do as thou hast said.' This is the best praying in all the world. O beloved, "be filled with God's Word. Study what Jesus has said, what the Holy Ghost has left on record in this 'divinely-inspired Book, and in proportion as you feed on the word,; and are filled with the Word, and retain the Word in your faith, and obey the Word in your life— in that proportion you wi'l be a master- man in the art of prayer. You have acquired skill as a wrestler with the covenant- angel in proportion as .you can plead the promises of your faithful God. Be well instructed in the doctrines of grace, and let the word of Christ dwell in you ricluy, that you may - know how to prevail at the throne of grace. Abiding in Christ, and His words abiding in you, are 'like the right hand and the left hand of Moses, which were held up in prayer, so that Arintlek was smitten, Israel was delivered, and God was glorified. Let us go a little further: voii Stiu may say you do not quite see why a man who abides in Christ, and in whom Christie words abide, uTmnld be allowed to ask whatever he wills, and it shall be done unto him. X answer you again : it is so, because in such a man as that there is. a predominance of grace which causes him to have "a renewed wiil, which is according to the will of God. Suppose a man of God is in prayer, and he thinks that such and such a thing- is desirable, yet he remembers that he is nothing but a babe in the presence of his all-wise -Father,- swd so he hows his will, and asks as a favour to be taught what to will. Though God bids him ask" what he wills, he shrinks mod cries, My Lord, here is a request which I am not quite dear about. As for as I can judge, it is a desirable thing, and i will it ; but, Lord, 3/am not fit to judge fiir myself, and therefore I pray Thee, give not as I will, but as Thou wilt.' Do you not see that, when we are. in such a condition as tins, our real wiil is God's will Deep down in our hearts we will only that w;lnch the Lord himself wills ; and what is this but to ask what we will, 'and it is done to us ! It becomes safe for pod to say to the sanctified soul.' |Ask what thou wilt, and it shall be done unto thee ; The heavenly instincts of that- man lead . him right, toe grace that is within his soul thrusts down all covetous lustings and fool desires, nr»d hin wiil is toe actual shadow, of God's will. The spiritual life is master in him, and so his aspirations are holy, 7> Godlike. He has been made a partaker of the Divine nature ; and as a son is like bi father, so now in desire and will he is one with his God. As the echo answers to.toe voice, so doss toe renewed heart echo the mind of the Lord. Our desires are reflected beams of the Divine will : ye sball ask what ye will, and it shall be even so. You dearly see that the holy God cannot pick up a common man in toe street, and say to him, 4 1 will give you whatsoever you will." What would he ask for? _He would ask for a good, drink, or permission to enjoy himself in evil lust, it would he very un safe to trust the most of men with this permit. But when the Lord has taken a man, and has new-made him, has quickened him into newness of life, and has formed him in the image of his dear Son, then he can trust him ! Behold, toe great Father treats us in our measure as He treats His Firstborn. Jesus could say, .1 blow that Thou hearest Me always' ; and toe Lord is educating us to toe selfsame assurance. We ean say with one of old, 4 My God wiR hear- me.' Do not your mouths water for this privilege of prevailing prayer ? Do not your hearts long to get at this? It is by the way of holiness, itjs by toe way of union to Chi'ist-. it is by the way of a permanent abiding in Him, and an obedient holding fast of His truth, that you are to come, to this privilege. Behold the only f jfad n?e way- When once that way is really trodden, it is a most sure and effectual way of gain- mg substantial power in praver. I have not quite done. A man will suc,:eed in pi?7eii ben his faito is strong; and this is the ease to those who abide in Jesus. It is faith that pre vails in prayer. The real eloquence of prayer is a believing desire. 4 All things are possible to him that believeth.' A man abiding in Christ with Christ's words abiding, in him, is eminently a believer, and consequently eminently successful in prayer. He has strong faith indeed, for bis faith has broughthim into vital contact with Christ, and lie is therefore at the source of every blessing, and may drink to his full at the well itself. 1 . a man, once more, will also possess toe mdwellmg of the Spirit of God. If we abide in Gnrist, and H-"s words abide in us, then toe Holy Ghost has come and taken up his residence in us ; and what better help in prayer can we nave? It is not a wonderful thing that the Holy Ghost _ himself maketh intercession in the saints according to the will of God? He 'maketh interces sion for us with groanings that cannuot be uttered.' What man knoweth the mind of a man save the spirit of a man ? The Spirit of God knows the mind of God. and he works in us to will that God wills, so « t believing man's prayer is God's purpose re flected in toe soul as in a mirror. The eternal decrees of God project their shadows over the hearts of godly men in the form of prayer. What God in tends to do He tells imto His se rvants by inclining them to ask Him to do what He Himself is resolved to do. God says, 4 1 will do this and- that;' but then He adds, 4 For this wiil I be enquired of by the house of Israel to do it for them.' How clear itis that if we abide in Christ, and His words abide in us, we may ask what we will ! For we shall only ask what the Spirit of God moves us to ask ; and it were impossible that- God the Holy Ghost and God the Father should be at cross-pur poses with one another. What toe one prompts us to ask, the other has assuredly. determined to bestow. I struck out a line just now to which I mult return for a single moment. Beloved, do you not know that when we abide in Christ, and TTi« words abide in us, the Father looks upon us with the same eye with which He looks upon His dear Son 1 Clirist is the vine, and the vine includes the branches. The branches are a part of the vine. God, therefore, looks upon us as Pjrt of Christ — members of His body, of His flesh, and of His bones. Siich is the Father's love to Jesus that He denies Him nothing. He was obedient to death, even the death of the cross ; therefore doth His Father love Him, as the God-man Mediator, and He will grant Him all His petitions. And it is so, that when you and I arc in real union to Christ, the Lord God looks upon us m the same way as He looks on Jesus, and says to us, 4 I will deny you nothing ; ye shall ask what ye will, and it shall be done unto you "? So do I under stand the text. I call your attention to toe fact- that- in the fifteenth chapter, the ninth verse, which I did uot read this morning, runs thus : — 4 As the Father hath loved me, so have I loved you.' The same love which God gives to His Son, the Son gives to us ; and therefore we are dwellers in the love of the Father an-1 of the Son. How can our prayers be rejected ? Will not infinite love have respect unto our petitions ? O dear brother in Christ, if thy prayers speed not at the throne, suspect that there is some sin that hinders them : thy Father's love sees a necessity for chastening thee this way. If thou -dost -not abide in Christ, how canst thou hope to pray successfully ? If thou dost pick and choose His words, and doubt this, and doubtthat, how thou canst hopetospeed at the throne ? If thoii art wilfully disobedient to any one, of His words, will not this account for failure in prayer? But abide thou in Christ, and take fast hold upon TTis words, and be altogether His disciple, then shalt thou be heard .of Him. Sitting at Jesus' feet, hesr'ng His words, thou mayest lift up thine eyes to His dear face, aud say, 4 My Lord, hear me now' ; and He will answer thee graciously: He will say unto thee, 4 1 have heard thee in a time accepted, and in the day of salvation liave I succoured thee. Ask what thou wilt, and it shall he done unto thee.' Oh for power at the mercy-seat-. Beloved friends, do not hear this sermon and then go away and forget it. Do try to reach this place of boundless influence. What a church we 'should be, if you were all mighty in prayer ? Dear children of God, do you want to be half starve! ? Beloved brethren, do you desire to be poor, little, puny, drivelling children, who will never grow into men ? I pray you, aspire to be strong in the Lord, and to enjoy this ex ceedingly high privilege. What an army would vou be if you all had this power with God in prayer ! It is within your reach, ye children of God ! Only abide in Chi'ist, and let His words abide in von, and thep this special privilege will be yours. 'These are not irksome duties, but they are in themselves a joy. Go iu for them with yorn- whole heart, and then you shall get this added to you, that you shall ask what you will, and it sliall be done unto you. Unhappily, to a portion of this congregation my text says nothing at all ; for some of you. are not even in Christ, and therefore you cannot abide in Kim. Oh, sirs, what shall I ; ay to you? You seem to me to miss a very heaven even now. If there were no hell hereafter, itis hell enough not to know what it is to prevail with God in prayer, not to know the choice privilege of abiding in Him, and His words abiding in you. Your first matter 'is that you believe ' in Jesus Chi'ist to the saving of your souls, yielding your souls to His cleansing, your lives to His government. God hath sent Him forth as a Saviour, accept Him. Receive Him as your Teacher ; yield yourself up to Him as your Master. May His gracious Spirit come and' do this work upon you now ; and then, after this, but not before, you may aspire to "this honour. First Of all — 4 Ye must be bom again.' I caiuiot say to you as you are now, 'Grow,' because you will only grow a bigger sinner. However much you may.be developed, you will only develop what is in you : and that is, toe heir of wrath will become more and more the child of evil. You must be made anew in Christ : there must be an absolute change, a reversal of all the currents of nature, a making you a new creature in Christ Jesus ; and then you may aspire' to abide in Christ; and let His words abide in you, and the consequent prevalence with God in prayer shall be yours. Gracious Lord, help us tins morning. Poorcreatures as we are, we can only lie at Thyfeet. Come thyself, and uplift us to Thyself, for Thy mercy's sake ! Amen. 