THE PHARISEE AND THE PUBLICAN. By Rev. Joux M'Neilt,, of Edinburgh. ' And Jesus spake this parable unto certain wh'eh trusted in themselves that they were righteous, and despised others : Two men went up into the Temple to pray, the one a Pharisee, and the other a publican. The Pharisee stood and prayed thus with himself : God. I thank Thee that I am not as other men are, extortioners, unjust, adulterers, or even as this publican. I fast twice in tne week; I give \+ i+lma nf 5)11 fhttf. T TYiccooa A standing afar off, would not lift up so much as his eyes uuto heaven, but smote upon bl» breast, K.iviutr. God be merciful to me n sinner T fell this man went down to his house justified rather than the otiiec; for every cue that exalteth himself shall be abased, and he that humhleth himself shall be exalted.'— Lukb xviii. 9-14. I know, dear friends, that this is a familiar and somewhat hackneyed portion of Scripture, and therefore the usual formula ought to have unusual force and meaning in all our hearts to-day, that I maybe able to speak upon it, and that you may be able to hear it, with the power and the help of the Holy Spirit, without whom it will be utterly im possible to get any freshness or to get any fight "and meaning out of this— I had almost said ' too familiar' — portion of Scripture, the Pharisee and the publican. Let all our help be found in him, and let all our well- springs of freshness be found in that, unfailing source of spiritual life and spiritual teaching. I will not attempt any formal division of the subject, .but simply stiike out, as we go .through the narrative, things as they occur to me which may help our faith and help our conduct. ... Notice, first of all, what seems to come to us here regarding our Lord's method as a teacher and a preacher. It comes out in the first line. ' He spake this parable unto certain who trusted in themselves that they were righteous, and despised others.' Notice, I say, something here of our Lord's method, that something being great simplicity and directness. Surely the Pharisees in that company had a bad quarter of an hour on that occasion. Our Lord, of course, most perfectly — far more perfectly than any of' us can do — joined the 1 suaviter in modo' with the ' lortiter in re.' He spake the truth, and spake it in love as never man spake it' but we have to notice, if we wish to follow Rim, that roundabout methods do not get much countenance from Him. He spake this parable to the people in front of Trim who neede.t it. He did not nr.ss them and strike the wall He never did ; and it is a little disappointing when you turn to learn of commentators and commentaries, to find all sorts of roundabout meanings imported into as s might-going a preposition as ever was in vented. 4 He spake this parable unto certain who trus ed in themseives that they were righteous, and ! desp:sed others.' Ah ! let me say here that if we j wisii to do our Master's work it would be gr eatly to onr advantage if we iked not only our Master's matter, but also our Master's manner ; and let there be less fear of man, less fear of giving offence, and more and more anxiety to speak out the truth of God, impugn whoso list, whether men w 11 hear or whether men will forbear, speaking our parables to tho e in front of us who need occasionally the keen edge of the truth of God. There is no u-e in applying the healing balm of God's word until, first of all, pride and self-sufficiency have been smitten into the dust by the sword of the Spirit. I rather fear that a good part of the Church's failure in reaching the due efficacy of preaching comes out of this — that we are too suave and too sweet and too smooth. We are lifting up people before we have knocked them down, we are applying a plaster to the whole skin, we are bringing cordials to those who are not sick and ready to perish for want of them. If we adapted our method we should come at results. Let us, then, this morning, not get offended if the message should be a little plain. It is the master s message to raose nere TO-aay who are, per haps, more or less unconscious of it. It is wonderful the hearts into which can creep this vile thing, trust ing in themselves that they were righteous, and, of course — for it always follows — despising other people. Then notice still further the blighting effect of reli gious routine as that is illustrated in this introductory verse. Why, it is a marvel that it should be writteu that people— Old Testament or New Testament people— couldtrustjinthemselvesthatthey are righteous and despise others. Yet the thing can be done. It was done in Old Testament times aud it is done to day. Just think of it ! He spoke this parable to men and women who would have turned black in the face with rage if you had denied their Abrahamic descent. 1 We are the children of Abraham.' But, oh, how unlike their fatner ! We read that their fataer trusted in God to get righteous and to get riguteousness ; and ret the sons of such a father trusted as heartily in themselves as their great father had trusted in God for righteousness, and still claimed his descent ! What a blind, deadening, hardening tiling religious routine and formality must be ! From its blighting, withering, blasting power may God Almighty deliver us to-day and everyday ! Then let us come to tue actual parable, and notice how it illustrates just this business that gathers us together to-day. Let us look upon the parable as a great directory for public worship — h'»w to worship God, how to doit, how not to do it. It sheds, in some ways, a kindly, and, in others, a lurid light upon that great subject — how to draw near to God. We need the lurid light of it as well as the kindly, just asdid those people who received it first, because we are very like flie ancient Jews. We worship G"d almost whether we will or not. Grace, I know, does not run in the blood, but church-goine does. Whether we will or not, once a week a wave that we cannot escape casts us up with wonderful regularity upon these shores — carries us inside God's holy place. Will we, nill we, we can not escape it, and therein lies our blessedness, and therein lies our danger, therein lies t ie great neea of this .-ub ime d. rectory for public worship. I am not au advocate of pi tores in enureses ; but if I were, th-re would be two to at I should like to have set up — tois parabie set forth by the lest work trat trie best aitist could put upon it. Let us have before our gaze. as we come into the house of God, lest romine and formalism should blind us, the <>ne man as he hta icis wain'ng us away from his way, an! the other man as lie stands we'c iming us to approach and to go al--ngthe r ad wnica he found 1 3 be so short, so simple, so efficacious. Ah, yes! to me that is the great use of this old story for our present need a d for our present purpose. Two men went up into tLe temple to pray, the one a Pharisee and the other a publican.' Let us follow the graphic, the photographic, details of their going to the temple and going from it, as the Master has set them forth, trying, as I have said, to realise all along that we are just exactly standing in the.r shoes, or sandals, ratiier. Men had often gon to the temple to pray. Like ourselves, they had to do it. It was the correct thing to do ; aud upon this particular occasion the eyes of Him with whom especially in public worship we have to do were bent upon these two men, because He de sired to serve a particular purpose by these men in the church to the end of time. He wished to set these two men in the picture gallery of the New Testament Church, so that all who come to God may know how h't to do it and also how to do it. I often think that these two cases are like the lights round aboutour csasts. Tnere stands, for ex ample, the red glaring, flaming beacon light that says to the mariner coming in from 'stormy seas and dangerous days and still more dangerous nights:' Oh, mariner, if thou wou d -fc get home, if thou wouldst go to thy God and find Trim in TTis own house, if thou wouldst find the harbour of peace and quiet and safety, after all the hearings and tossings of these seas of time and sin, come to thy God in a way as far removed from mine (the Pharisee's) as you can possibly imagine. If you would steer for heaven, steer far from me. The roaring reefs, the sunken rocks, the dangerous quicksands, the un sightly mud banks are here. Therefore I am here. H thou wouldst not founder at the harbour's mouth —if thou wouldst not go down to hell from the gate of hc-ayen — theu, for God's sake and your own, get thou rid of every grain and atom of the Pharisee. If, on the other hand, you would come near to God after such a week t% I have described-rafter such a week ?s your own heart tells you you have come through — "'you would come to God in TTis house and find Him ut home, if you would come into port and drop, your anchor in the deep, still waters of God's fathomless grace and mercy peace, then, as often as you come— and this is a word for old worshippers as well as for those who are newly beginning and those who are going wrong— come to God in a way as much a copy of the publican's as the same grace alone will enable you.' The publican is the white hgnt at the harbour's mouth that says to the manner : irteer straight for use. Home is here. ends are here. _ A 11 your best friends areuwai ting you oti yonder pier head. Therefore I am here to vour e5'c' 9 cheer you, and to guide you to the 9\. I'Cacc- Ah, I think that that is the publican's function. Now, may God in His mercy grant that none of us may founder! Alas, alas! men and women, what an infinite pity,, what an infinite horror, it would be that any of us to-dav should sonearmnd yet remain so far. Why should it he . Why rather should it not be with all of us to day, so near to God just because, will we, nill we, we Put ourselves under the vei y roof of His house. Why should we not come into His veiy presence and go down to our houses with the joy of the justified swelling and poising and throbbing through the whole inner man. Then look at the detail. ' The Pharisee stood and prayed thus with himself.' Then you know what follows. ' God, I thank Thee,' and so on, and so on. What is wrong with that prayer? 'God, I thank Thee that I am not as other men are.' What is wrong with that ? Docs it not seem to come marvellously mar a true prayer, a true expression of thanksgiving. A v. it does. It nomes f«r too near it, because, you know, my dear friends, in this business of prayer, in this business of propelling my need, and thought, aud wish to Gcd's ear and God's heart by means of pellets or bullets— my words— I either do it or I utterly fail. An inch of a miss is as good as a mile. Our prayers already within these Avails have either struck God's ear, and told upon God's heart, and caused divine compassions to pour forth, or they are utterly lost and Avandered through the upper air, and the prince of the power ' of the air is making hellish sport out of our wandered prayers. Ah, we fail to understand the awe, the solemnity, the stupendous crisis that comes to a man when on the Sabbath day lie comes to Old Testament temple or to NeAv Testament church. What is wrong, He stood and prayed thus with himself.' Ah, there is what is Avreng. In the "Greek the original very carefully says, if you look into it : 'He prayed with himself.' He said ' God,' but he thought of self. His word and his heart belied each other. That is a Pharisee all through from beginning- to end. In Psalm, in hymn, in prajrer, in conArersat:onhe is a Mr. Talkative. He talks, talks ; ' his word seems to be rigm; enough, out Avheu God comes along and tests it He finds out tho sham, the counterfeit ; because, yon know, if we had s-t3;>d there that day we should have been utterly misled, just as we have been a'ery likely misled about each other, here or elsewhere. Ah ! a Pharisee is hard tofind out by another Pharisee. I never would have found out this man ; neither would you ; but the Lord put His eyes upon him and He has exposed the pitiful sham once for all. Let us be Avamed. If you had stood there, my dear friend, you would have seen a man, as the Greek says, planting himself. He took up a position. He had. often done this. He was a perfect authority on how to worship God as regards externals — so devout, so decorous, so altogether cor rect. You would have seen a man on whose very clothes and across whose forehead were texts of scrip ture, for they ' made broad their phylacteries.' You would very likely have heard the word ' God,' forlthink this prayer Avas spoken. It was too good to keep to himself. It was not ' unexpressed.' Oh, no, it was uttered. You Avould have heard the word 'God' escaping from his lips, and you would likely have gone away down into the town saying : ' If there is a genuine worshipper of G od in all this city I passed him tins morning at the temple ;' and you would have been utterly ' out of it,' for the Lord passed by aud beheld his devoutness. The Lord, who sees not as man sees, but who sees past masks and faces and clothes, and our Sunday looks and our Sunday books— the Lord who sees into the heart passed by him. He took one look in and once for eA'er He exposed the ghastly sham of Pharisaic worship. 'He p-rayed,' says Christ, 'with him self.' The original is very strong, far more strong than the Engli -h can be. The ordinary verb for praying, with the preposition that is always used for carrying a prayer across from the worshipper to the deity worshipped, is the verb and preposition used here for carrying this man s prayer across from him self, the worshipper, to himself, the deity worshipped. Jrfl rhat God got in this man was the action of the lip in uttering His name. Self got thecongratulation ; self got the praise and glory. ' He sto->d and prayed thus with himself.' I never should have found him nnf Knf f l>o T owl % i.1 i. WAAU uuo J-IJiU. JJUUO ALL d JX szy LlXlLbU UjJciia iiijclu Vcljj A'erv cunning lock, the lock of a Pharisee's heart. At Christ's touch it flies open, and the ghastliness and the misery are revealed. My dear hearer, have you never found yourself maiwellously I k? that man, standing here and using words that are only words — words which, on David's l ps, were gasps, and sobs, and cries, but on our lips are mere words ? Wesh- dn' tears, we do not rend the heavens, we do not cry 'for God, for the living God.' We sing a psalm to a particular tune. Ah, my dear hearer, have we not come perilously near to the Pharisee's danger, and, like the Pharisee, have been unaware of it ? May our eyes be opened ! May the scarf skin be torn away ! May we see ourselves at this moment as God Almighty sees us, for by our own will and act we ha ve subjected ourselves to-day to His keenest scrutiny. It is perfectly right for a man to thank God that he is not like other men. Let me illustrate it. Let me bring it Lome to you. My young brother, it is per fectly right for you to sit or stand there and say : ' I thank God I am not like that young fellow who reeled past me Avith oaths and indecencies andblasphemies in the Strand last night.' My sister, it is right for you to rise, and, with trembling voice aud heart, t lank God t- at y«m are not like the daughters of shame whose presence defiles our streets. But dost thou thank God, of art thou secretly kissing thy hand to thy own mouth and congratu'ating thyself ? That is the test of worship, of prayer, of praise, of thanks giving, and of material giving. What space and place does love to God keep in our hearts ? Tested by such a test, the Pharisee is found to lie utterly worth less, totally misleading as a worshipper of the one living and true God. You remember the old story of John Bradford. - He stood upon the streets of his native town watching a procession accompanying a criminal to the place of execution, and those who stood near to that godly man heard him say, in a voice broken with emotion: 'But for the grace of God, there goes John Bradford.' Now let us pause a minute on that. Look here. Is that real, or is.that simply a ' goody-goody' way of talking we have got into in order to be square with the book ? Yes or no ? Dost thou thank God I Dost thou sit doAvn — Oh, Christian roan or Christian woman ! —and has the. grace of God brought you to this— that you are prepared to sit doAvn beside the battered harlot in the slums, and say : 'My sister, do not despair of the grace of .God, for I am beginning to be hopeful ?' His God's grace humbled our pride ? Yes or no ? This Pharisee was the" dry rot of toe Old Testament Church, and his counterpart is the dry rot oftoeNew. Oh, to grace, how great a debtor Daily I am constrained to be ! That is the language of the very heart" of a gracious soul. Have not I heard-, you going- about saying : ' Well, I may tie this, ahffT may be that, but I could not do this, and I could not do that, and I could not do the other ?' Yoii are found out. My dear friend, the grace of God never speaks that, way by , human, lips. The grace of God so reveals to man "his own secret corruptions — so discovers to him the depths of - Satan that are in his own heart, that he never says that.- He speaks as toe man in my story speaks. But for grace, constraining and restraining," parental influences, a sheltered life, while others had. no such influences and no such shelters, there are no depths of wickedness into which I might have plunged, and in which I might not be wallowing like toe vilest and most abandoned. The grace of God, if I understand it — the Gospel of God's grace— simply means that . the best man or woman in this tabernacle to-day needs to be washed from sin in the blood of the Lamb ; and the vilest creature outside needs njo more. Hallelujah, what a Saviour !' May God sweep toe heart of this ranting, canting hypocrite out of us ! May God take clean away from us all religious cant ana all cultured cant that are in H3s ears, as I sadly fear, so offensive to-day ! It is worth while noticing that when the man came to an end of his negative goodness, and sought to express himself in terms of positive goodness, how soon the trumpet collapsed. You know, seeing that the world is what it is, it is vastly easy for me to say, ' I am not like this ; I am not like that ; I am not like toe other.' It is vastly easy to gather, together a pile of slaughtered reputations, and to climb up on toe top of them, and then crow— yes, like a eockupon a dunghill. It is vastly easy. But, my friend, when you have come to an end of your negative goodness, tell us, in heaven's name, what you are positively — not what you are not, but what you are. And here— and, oh, the sarcasm is withering ! — here, when the poor fellow has the trumpet up'toTiis own lips, and there is nothing to hinder him blowing as loud and as long as he may, he comes to a pitiable collapse. ' I fast twice in toe week. I give tithes of all that I can get.' What a moral monster I Ah, yon smile ! I am glad you see it. I trust that we all see it. It is undoubtedly one of the keen ed«es of this very two-edged blade. When he comes to tell of his positive goodness, that is all that he onn tell. He cannot even say : 'I was eyes to the blind, and feet to toe lame,' or tell of doing anything kimPy... No. # I fast twice in the week. I am a ritualist. I give tithes,' not ' of all that I possess,' toe nrfnfoal js tremendously keen — ' of all that I grasp.' This Avas a man wno would rob widows' houses and grind toe faces of the poor through toe week, and then try to sanctify his devilment by giving his tithe to toe temple on Sunday. Has he no counterpart? Is all this money that is to be given after my sermon is done clean money ? Take care! Had not God to Bay 1-ng ago : ' Your silver and gold are corrupt ?' So here, have we not men to-day creeping into toe Church simply because it serves their turn ? There is a kind of paction, not expressed, but understood between us. ' Now. preacher, I will come info your church, I will s t in it, I will pay pew rents, I will give to all the schemes of toe church, if you Avill keep away from me those humbling doctrines that are undoubtedly in your book. Now, sir, don't be a fool. You understand the tifcuaticn. You play my game' and I will play your game. Lrt me off as regards the old Puritanical! se-rre ing, humbling, down-taking r TV irJisno- a id T will mu lfia if wnrfli t juui nij.v. x Avili be there res nhuly. I will be one of your best giA'ers. I will be a pillar of the church.' Yes ; as a man in my country said, ' a caterpillar.' I sadly fear that the very same pass to' which toe Paaiisee brought tae Old T.s a acnt Chcich, his New Testa ment coonteipu'' av.11 bring toe New Testament C .lurch to. ui.Ljsk Gid's grace prevents. Ah, friends it will not do ! It Avill not do ! And it is often tried.' 'I give tithes of all that I can get.' T-iere is a man who is at bi s'ness. day and night, from e'ghfc o'clock in the morning tfil eleven o'clo k at night, and down in this belated c >untry of yoi r » even en toe Sunday. We manage t ) shut the shop on Sunday in Siotland." In England, I suppose, toe liquor-shops are open on Sunday. . ' Very well; you will get a mxn, and that is his business— to scatter death, desolation, and ilairmatin right round the Aveek by that aocui- sed trade in in toxicating liquor, aud then; he comes in, large aud broad, aud flaunting himself and his family on toe Sabbath day, and the look on h's face says : ' Now, preacher, understand the situation. I want to be a LCiigiuud Juan, viiv e uiu a ckiiaiu uiuah. cfcclll of respectability ; aud if you will understand your book and play vou cards right-, I will give youmyoontribu- tions.' You are not to say a woid against such a mail's trade, for he is such a grvvrt j the chinch. He yivts thirty or forty or fifty thousand pounds to endow a cathedral, and toe whole Giiurcli of Gou is to forget her splendid posltioa, and become a flunkey at his feet. It is a great relief t3 turn to the other side, is it not 1 I know that you are wearying for toe other side. So am I. But it is hard to get past this fellow when youbogiu upon liim; aud I trust that somewhat of the zest and relish with which Ave puli him to pieces arises from toe fact that we are falling Avith a ven geance upon Avhat in ourselves is exactly like him it is a somewhat plain way to put it— you, call it coarse and vulgar, but I will risk it — could you not bite the tongue of a man who has worshipped God perilously like this, both in heart and yonder at the plate, grace less in thank-giving, graceless in material gift, grace less in worship all through ? Now we will turn to toe other side. ' The publican, standing afar off, would not lift up so much as his eyes unto heaven, but smote upon his breast, sayirur God, be merciful to me a sinner.' I must be brief here, not simply because the time is far gone, but because we cannot be long. I never hear t.hig pub lican's prayer sufficiently expounded. Tiie 1'harisee's prayer is built up of word upon word ; and, just as it is built up Avord by Avord, so, after I get guidance from toe Lord, I can come, and, word by word, brick by brick, scatter it along toe ground. But toe pub lican's prayer— ah! do not ask me to pound and expound toe publican's prayer. It is so made up of the very heart of a man— it is so filled with a man's deepest, truest, utmost thoughts and wishes, not man- ward, but God— ward — that it is difficult to do any thing with it. It is a cry from a man away down there at hell's gates, which are just opening to receive him. — a ery, coming de prefundis, and ringing, sing ing on its way, ' Gloria in excelsis and how are you to expect me to, as it were, tKp the electric Avire, and bring doAvn the message .Ad open it out? I am noifLiriTi of fllA J Si J. XL ? a Tl ogLAMin ciiu alui; u.u idle receiYiiig enc u xc is difficult to expound a gasp, a sob, a. yell from a man who is tottering over the brink of endless per dition to tlie God whom he still thinks can save him. That is the trouble Avith the publican's prayer — it is so unworay. It is all reason and logic and experimental religion, so compact, so condensed, that there is no expounding of it. It is not for preaching, it is not for expounding, it is for saying, it is for doing. What you have to do with this prayer, my hearer, even if you have been fifty years in grace, is this : go home to-day and take it up — ' God, be merciful to me a sinner.' Try it; pray it. Truer yet! 1 r ler y«U There is a cracked note there. Do you not detect yourself that something falls flat in its spiritual music and meaning? Say it again and again, and yet again, till the heart Avithin you is burst and rent in sunder by the spiritual dyna mic of a prayer like this ; ' God, be merciful to me the sinner.' Yon Pharisee in his mouthing is looking upon all mankind. ' The rest of mankind' is what he said. This man saw nobody, heard nobody, thought of nobody but himself — 'me the sinner.' Ah, how deeply learned he was ! In yon ether man's ranting and mouthing ther- is no word of sin, no word of grace, no word of mercy. He was righteous ; he was quits with God's law ; in fact, God's law owed him something. He did more than toe law demanded. As to this poor publican, there are three words in his prayer tnat we shall never fathom the meaning of — God, mercy, sin. Stand up and g<ve me definitions of these — any man or any college of men — God, mercy, sin ; and I will add a fourth ' me.' Now, until we know something experimentally of these four things we have not begun to worship God ; we liave not come, my friend, within l< -,000 miles of God's grace, and mercy, and peace. This man -had happened upon them all. Ah ! When God toe Holy Ghost leads toe Poor sinner He leads him straight, He leads him with Divine simplicity, He leads him into experimental knowledge and into experimental peace. Oh, let us pray it, let us say it, let us sing it every day we rise and every night we lie down ! Let us try it again, aud again, and again, so that we may deepen it, and broaden it, and widen it, and make it to be a prayer right from our hearts to the God from whom we expect pardon, and peace, and eternal life : ' God be merciful to me toe sinner.'He knew God, he knew and hoped that there was mercy, he knew himself to be a sinner He was a man full of knowledge. Ar.5 the last word I ain going to say is our Lord's last word : ' f tell you this man went down to his house justified.' What does He tell us "when He says that 1 I have said all along that we would look at this subject in the light of present circumstances and of present day complications in connection with the worship of .God- Now, Christ's last. word, is a \rery valuable word on present day complications. I tell you this man went doAvn to his house justified.' I take it to be Christ's verdict on lh.3 worth of public worship. "What is the use of going to the temple ? Men and women were saying that in Isreal long ago ; and they were saying it with sad hearts because of toe Pharisee ' What is toe use of going V — just as to day men and women all over London are saying : ' What is toe use of going to church, or chapel ?' and in many cases they are saying it because of the Pharisees. Either they are in toe pew, or (God help us !) up here in the pulpit, for alas, alas ! that is part of our danger to-day. The Pharisee, toe elder brother, may actually be in toe pulpit ; and when toe elder brother is in the pulpit, you may be sure toat toe prodigal brother down below will get but a A'ezy cool invitation to come home. Now, what is the use of it ?' men were saying long ago. They are saying it still. I always feel . that it was a great mercy, a great blessing to himself, that that poor publiean did. not lift up his eyes to heaven, for, if he had done, you see, between him and heaven toe only object on toe horizon was the .Pharisee; and he would have stopped going a step nearer to God's house, and he would have gone away home, saying : No, I am as good as he, and I will not keep up this sham of temple- going at all.' It -was a great mercy that he kept his head doAvn. That Pharisee might have spoiled him, even when God was trying to get hold of him. Ah, my dear friend, look here. It is jan awful filing if there is someone who does not come to ' Spurgeon's Tabernacle ' just because you come so steadily ; and it is just possible. It is an awful thing if semobody does not come to Macrie-Roxburgh Free Church in Edinburgh because lam toe preacher. It is an awful thing, and it is quite possible. We are keeping back each other from God's bosom and God's kiss, or we are enticing each other. It is the one or the other. There is no middle course. Oh, poor publican, keep down your head! Do not look on some haughty, high-minded, conceited person who precedes you to the house of God. Do not ! There is a snare in it. fasten your thoughts and your hearts upon other things. 4 This man went down to his house justified.' Yes. says Jesus, public worship is worth while. To toe Pharisee it is a well "without water and a cloud without rain ; but. to toose who are> weak and weary ana heavy laden — to those who are beginning to ku -w tiie bitterness of sin—toe house of God, the day of God, toe word of God, are wells in toe desert wh ch never run dry. For yen this tabernacle was built, O sinful man, O sinful woman, who, it may be. have come by chance within these walls to-day, God Will pass by toe proud and toe self-righteous among us, and single you out, and lavish upon your despairing soul the very riches of His grace! Why have we so much outside lapsing ? I till you, says Christ, it is because there is so much inside lapsing. Eveiy Pharisee is lapsed from grace, and there would be less of toe lapsed masses outside if there were less of toe lapsed inside. If we wish to have poor publicans coming in, then let those of us who know God and know God's grace come to His very he use in such a way as shall he a recommendation to them to follow ns. May God bless to us abundantly to-day this ex position of this old, old story of the Pharisee and the publican ! Amen. Among the deacons at the Christinas Ordina tion of the Bishop of Rochester was a Roumanian J ew, by name Paulus Ashkeuazie. His conversion to Christianity in his native land brought upon him cruel persecution from his family, and more particularly from his wife. With much difficulty he escaped their hands and came to England" He was prepared for Holy Orders at the London College of Divinity. Customer, getting his hair cut : " Didn't you nip off a piece of the ear then ?" Barber, reassuringly : " Yes, sir, a small piece, but not enough to affect the hearin', sir.',' 