THE NOVELIST. , King Solomon's Mines, j H. EIDER HAGGARD. I CHAPTER XII. BEFOnE THE BATTLE. Luckily for us, Infadoos and the : chiefs knew all the pathways of the great town perfectly, so that notwith standing the gloom we made fair progress. Jbor an hour and more we journeyed on, till at length the eclipse began to pass, and that edge of the moon which had disappeared the first became again visible. Suddenly, as wo watched, \- ? there burst from it a silver streak of light, accompanied by a wondrous ruddy ; glow, which hung upon the blackness of | the sky like a celestial lamp, and a wild ' and lovely sight it was. In another five minutes the stars began to fade, and there was sufficient light to see our whereabouts. We then discovered that we were clear of tho Town of Loo, ;? and approaching a large flat-topped hill, measuring some two miles in circum ference. Tln3 hill, which was of a formation common in Southern Africa, ! was not very high ; indeed, its greatest elevation was not more than 200 feefc, but it was shaped like a horseshoe, and its side3 were rather precipitous and strewn with boulders. On the grass tsble-Iand at the top was ample camping ground, which had been utilised as a military cantonment of no mean strength. Its ordinary garrison . was one regiment of three thousand men, but as we toiled up the steep side of the hill in the returning moonlight we perceived that there were many more warriors than that upon it. Reaching the table-land at last we found crowds of men roused from their sleep, and huddled up together shivering with fear and in the utmost consteration at the natural phenomenon which they were witnessing. Passing through these without a word, we gained a hut in the centre of the ground, where we were astonished to find two men waiting laden with our few goods and chattels, which we had of course been obliged to leave behind in our hasty flight, 'I sent for them,' exclaimed Infadoos ; ' also for these,' and he lifted up Good's long-lost tsousers. . . With an exclamation of rapturous delight Good sprang at them, and instantly proceeded to put them on, ' Surely my lord will not hide his beautiful white legs! ' exclaimed Infadoos regretfully. But Good persisted, and once only did the Kukuana people get the chance of seeing his beautiful white legs again. Good is a very modest mun. Hence forward they had to satisfy their jesthetic longings with his one whisker, his transparent eye, and his movable teeth. Stillgazing with fond remembrance at Good's trousers, Infadoos next inform ed us that ho had commanded the regiments to muster as soon as the day broke, in order to explain to them fully tho circumstances oEthe rebellion which was decided on by the chiefs, and to introduce to them the rightful heir to tht throne, Ignosi. Accordingly as soon as the sun was up, the troops — iu all nearly twenty thousand men, constituting the flower of the Kukuana army — were mustered on a large open apace, to which we proceeded. Tho men were drawn up in three sides of a denso square, and presented a magnificent spectacle. We took our station on the open side of the square, and were speedily surround ed by all the principle chiefs and officers. These, after silence had been pro claimed, Infadoos proceeded to address. Ho narrated to them in vigorous and graceful language — for the like most Ituknanas of high rank he was a born orator— the history of Ignosi's father, how he had been basely mardered by Twala the king, and his wife and child driven out to starve. Then he pointed out how the land suffered and groaned under Twala's cruel rule, instancing the proceedings of the previous night, when under pretence of their being ovil- doers, many of the noblest in the land had been dragged forth and cruelly done to death. Next ho went ,on to say that the white lords from the lataffl, looking down on the land, had (perceived its trouble, and determined, at great personal incovenience, to alleviate its lot ; how they had accord ingly taken the real king of the country, Ignosi, who was languishing in esile, .by the hand, and led him over the onopntains; how they had seen the wickedness of Twala's doings, and for :a sign to the wavering, and to save the flife of the girl Foulata, had actually, *y the exercise of their high magic, put out the moon, and slain the young fiend Scragga; and how thoy were prepared to stand by them, and assist them to overthrow Twala, and set up the rightful king, Ignosi, in his place He finished hia discourse amidst c murmur of approbation, and then Ignosi, stepped forward, and began to speak. Having reiterated all thai lnfadoosiiis uncle had said, he con' eluded a powerful speech in these words . — .... ' O chiefs, captains, soldiers, anc people, ye' have heard my words. Nov must ye make choice botween me anc him who sits upon my throne, the .uncle who killed his brother, ant ihunted his brother's child forth to die it the cold and the night. That I an indeed the king these' — pointing to th( chiefs— 'can toll you, for they hav; scon the snake about my middle. If . yete not tho king, would these whit men bo on my side with all their magic Tremble, chiefs, captains, soldiers, am people ! Is not the darkness they liav brought upon the land to confoun Twala, and cover our flight, darknes even in the hour of the iull moon, ye before your eyes ?' ? It is,' answered the soldiers. 1 1 am the king ; I say to you, I am the king,' went on Ignosi, drawing up his great stature to its full, and lifting his broad-bladed lattle-axe above his head. ' If there be any man among you who says that it is not so, lot him stand forth, and I will fight him now, and his blood shall be a red token that I tell you true. Let him stand forth, I say ;' and he shook the great axe till it flashed in the. sunlight. As nobody seemed inclined to respond to this heroic version of ' Dilly, Dilly, come and be killed,' our late henchman proceeded with his address. ' 1 am indeed the king, and if you do stand by my side in the battle, if t win the day, ye shall go witli mo to victory and honour. I will give you oxen and wives, and ye shall take place of all the regiments ; and if ye fall I will fall with you. ' And, behold, this promise do I give you, that when I sit upon the seat of my fathers, bloodshed shall cease in the land. No longer shall ye cry for justbc to find slaughter, no longer shnll the witch-finder hunt you out so that yo be slain without a cause. No man shall die save he who offendeth against the laws. The 'eating up ' of your kraals, shall cease ; each shall sleep secure in his own hut and fear not, and justice shall walk blind throughout the land. Have you chosen, chiefs, captains, soldiers, and people ?' ' We have chosen, O king,' came back the answer. ' It is well. Turn your heads and see how Twala's messengers go forth from the great town, east and west, and north and south, to gather a mighty army to slay me and you, and these my friends and my protectors. To-morrow, or perchance the nexb day, will he come with all who are faithful to him. Then shall 1 see the man who is indeed my man, the man who fears not to die fcr his cause ; and I tell you lie shall not be forgotten in the time ot spoil. I have spoken, O chiefs, captains, soldiers, and people. Now go to your huts and. make you ready for war.' There was a pause, and then . one of the chiefs lifted his hand, and but rolled the royal salute, ' Koom.' It was a sign that the regiments accepted Ignosi as their king. Then they marched off in battalions. Half an hour afterwards we held a council of war, at which all the com manders of regiments wero present. It was evident to us that before very long we should be attacked in overwhelming force. Indeed, from our point of vant age on the hill we could see troops mus tering, and messengers going forth from Loo in every direction, doubtless to summon regiments to the king's assist ance. We hud on our side about twenty thousand men, composed of seven of the best regiments in the country. Twala had, so Infadoos and the chiefs cal culated, at least thirty to thirty-five thousand on whom he could rely at present assembled in Loo, and they thought that by midday on the morrow he would be able to gather another Eva thousand or more to his aid. It was, of course, possible that some of his troops would desert and como over to us, but it was not a contingency that could be reckoned on. Meanwhile, it was clear that active preparations were being made to subdue us. Already strong bodies of armed men were patrolling round and round the foot of the hill, and there were other signs of a coming attack. Infadoos and ? the chiefs, however, were of opinion that no attack would take place that day, which would be devoted to preparation and ? to the removal by every possible means of the moral effect produced uponjtho minds of the soldiery by the supposed magical darkening of the moon. The attack would be on the morrow, they said, and they proved to be right. Meanwhile, wo set to work to strengthen the positian as much as possible. Nearly the entire force was turned out, and in the ? course of the day, which seemed all too short, much was done. The paths up the hill, which was rather a sanitarium than a fortress, being used generally as tho camping place of regiments suffering from recent service in unhealthy portions of the country, were carefully blocked with masses of stones, and every other pos sible approach was made as impregnable as time would allow. Piles of boulders were collected at various spots to be rolled down upon an advancing enemy, stations were appointed to the different regiments, and every other preparation which our joint ingenuity could suggest was taken. Just before sundown, as we rested after our toil, we perceived a small com pany of men advancing towards us from the direction of Loo, one of whom boro a palm leaf in his hand as a sign that he came as a herald. As he came, Ignosi, Infadoos, one or two chiefs, and ourselves, went down to the foot of tho mountain to meet him, He was a gallant-looking fellow, with the regulation leopard-skin cloak. 'Greeting!' he cried, as he came near ; 'the king's greeting to those who make unholy war against the king ; the lion's greeting to the jackals who snarl round his heels.' -: ' ' ' : ' ' Speak,' I said. ' These are the kingls words. Surrender to the king's mercy ere a worse thing befall you. ' Already tht shoulder has been torn from the black bull, and the king drives him bleeding about the camp,' * ...'.-? ' What are Twala's terms ?' I asked for curiosity. ' His terms are merciful, worthy of i great king. These . are the words o: Twala, the one-eyed , -the mighty, thi husband oE a thousand wives,' lord o'. tho Kukuanas, keeper of tho ?? Gi'ea' Road (Solomon's Road)1, beloved of th- Strange Ones who sit in silence at th * This cruel custom is by no moans :' con lined to the Kukuaims, but is not uncomuio amongst African tribes on the occasion of th oqtbreak of vrar .or any other iuiportan publio event,— A.,jCi.,.v .;, .;; .-... -; ; . ???? ?;. . mountains yondor (the Three Witches), Calf of the black Cow, Elephant whose tread shakes the earth, Terror of the evil-doer, Ostrich whose feet devour* the desert, huge One, black One, wise One, king from generation to . generation ! these are tne words of Twala : ' I will have mercy and be satisfied with a little blood. One in every ten shall die, the rest shall go free ; but the white man Ineubu, wlio slow Scragga my son, and tho black man his servant who pretends to my throne and Infadoos my brother, who brews rebellion agiinsfc me, these shall die by torture as an offering to he Silent Ones.' Such aro the merciful words of Twala.' After consulting with the others' a little, I answered him in a loud voice, so that tho soldiers might hear, thus — ' Go back, thou dog, to Twala, who sent thee, and say that we, Igno3t, veritable king of the Kukuanas, Ineubu, Bougwan, and Macumazahn, the wise white ones from the stars, who make dark the moon, Infadoos, of the royal house, and the chiefs, eaptains, and poople here gathered, make answer and say, ' That we will not surrender ; that before tho sun has twice gone down Twala's corpse shall stiffen at Twala's gate, and Ignosi, whosefatherTwalaslew, shall reign in his stead.' *- ow go, ere we whip thee away, and beware how thou dost lift a hand against such as we,' The herald laughed loud. 'Ye frighten not men with such swelling words,' he cried out. ' Show yourselves as bold to morrow, O ye who darken the moon. Be bold, fight, and be morry, before the crows pick yonr bones till they arc whiter than your faces. farewell ; perhaps we may meet in the fight ; wait for me, I pray, white men.' And with this shaft of sarcasm he retired, and almost immediately the sun sank. That night was a busy one, for weary as we were, as far as was possible by the moonlight all preparations for the morrow's fight were continued, and messengers were constantly coming and going from the place where we sat in council. At last, about an hour after midnight, everything that could be done was done, and the camp, save for the occasional challenge oE a sentry, sank into sleep. Sir Henry and I accompanied by Ignosi and one of the chiefs, descended the hill and made the round of the outposts. As we went, suddenly, from all sorts of unexpected places, spears gleamed out in the moonlight, onlv to vanish again as wo uttered the password. It was clear to us thiit none wore sleeping at their posts. Then we returned, picking our way through thousands of sleeping warriors, many of whom were taking their last earthly rest. The moonlight flickered along their spears, and played upon their features and made them ghastly ; the chilly night wind tossed their tall .and hearse like plumes. There they lay in wild confusion, with arms outstretched and twisted limbs ; there stern, stalwart forms looking woird and .unhuman in tho moonlight. ' ' How many oE these do you suppose will be alive at this time to-morrow ?' asked Sir Henry. I shook my head and looked again at the sleeping men, and to my tired and yet excited imagination it seemed as though Death had already touched them. My mind's eye singled out those who were sealed to slaughter, and there rushed in upon my heart a great sense of the mystery of human life, and an overwhelming sorrow at its futility and sa- lness. To-night these thousands slept their healthy sleep, to-morrow they, and many others with them, ourselves perhaps among them, would be stiffen ing in the cold ; their wives would be widows, their children fatherless, and their place know them no more forever. Only the old moon would shine serenely on, the night wind would stir the grasses, and the wide earth would take its happy rest even as it did ajons before these wero, and will do icons after they have been forgotten. Yet man dies not whilst the world, at once his' mother and his monument, remains. His name is forgotten, indeed, but the breath he breathed yet stirs the pine-tops on tho mountains, tno sound of tho words ho spoke yet echoes o.n throvgh space ; the thoughts his brain gave birth to wo have inherited to-day ; his passions aro our cause of . life ; the joys and sorrows that he knew are our familiar friends — the end from which he fled aghast will surely overtake U3 also ! ? Truly tho universe is full of ghosts, not sheeted churchyard spectres, but tho inextinguishable and immortal elements of life, which having once been, can never die, though they blend and change and change again for ever. All sorts of reflections of this sort passed thiough my mind — for as I get older I regret to say tbat a detestable habit of thinking seems to be getting a hold of me — while I stood and stared at those- grim' yet fantastic lines of warriors sleeping, as their saying goes, ' upon their spears.' 1 Curtis,' I said to Sir Henry, ' I am in'a condition of pitiable fear.' ' ;:Sir Henry stroked his yellow beard arid laughed, as he answered — I' I've heard you make that sort of remark before,' Quatermain.' ;' Well, I mean it now. Do you know, I yery much doubt if one of us will bo alive.' t6-morrow night. We shall be attacked in overwhelming force, and it is exceedingly doubtful if we can hold this place.' ? ' We'll give a good occount of some ofJ them, at, .any rate. Look bore, Quatermain, tho business is a nasty one, and one with which, properly speaking, we ought not to be mixed up, but we aro in for it. Speaking personally, I had rather ' bo killed fighting than any other way, and now that there seems little ehauce of me finding my poor .brother it makes tbo idea easier to me. But fortune favours the bravo, and wemay succeed. Anyway the slaughter will bo awful, and as wo have a reputation to keep _ up we shall have to be in the thiok of it.' i Sir Henry made this last remark in a very mournful voice, but there was a gleam in his eye which belied it. I have a sort of idea that Sir Henry Curtis actually likes fighting. After this we went and slept for a couple of hours. Just about dawn we wero awakened by Infadoos, who camo to say that activity was observed in Loo, and that parties of the king's skirmishers were driving in our outposts. We got up and dressed ourselves for the fray each ptittingon our chain armour shirt, for which at the present juncture we felt exceedingly thankful, Sir Henry went the whole length about the matter,, and dressed himself like a native warrior. ' Wben you are in Kukuanaland, do as the Kukuanas do,' he remarked, as he drew the shining steel over his broad shoulders, which it fitted like a glove. Nor did he stop there. At his request Infadoos- had provided him with a complete set of war uniform. Round his throat he fastened the leopard-skin cloak :oi a commanding officer, on his brows he wound the plume of black-ostrich feathers worn only by generals of high rank, and round his centre a magnificent rrioocha of white ox-tails. A pair of sandals, a leglet of goat's hair, a heavy battle-axe with a rhinoceros-horn handle; and round shield covered with white oxhide, and tho regulation . number of toolas, or throwing-knives, made up his equipment to which, however, he added his revol ver. The dress was, no doubt, a savago one, but I am bound to say I never saw a finer sight than Sir Henry Curtis presented in this guise. It showed op his magnificent physique to the greafc-f3t advantage, and when Ignosi arrived presently, arrayed in similar costume, I thought to myself that I never saw two such splendid men. As for Good and myselr, the chain armour did not suit us nearly so well. To begin with, Good insisted upon keeping on his trousers, and a stoufe, short gentleman with an eyeglass, and one half of his face shaved, arrayed in a mail shirt carefully tucked into n seedy pair of corduroys, looks more striking than imposing. As for myself, my chain shirt being to bis; for me, I put it on over all my clothes, which caused it to bulge out in a somewhat, ungainly fashion. I discarded my trousers, however, determined to go into battle with bare legs, in order to be the lighter, in case it became necessary to retire quickly, retaining only my veldtschoons. This, a spear, a shield, which I did not know how to use, a couple of toilas, a revolver, and a huge plume, which I pinned into tho top of my shooting hat, in order to give a bloodthirsty finish to my appearance, completed my modest equipment. In addition to all these articles, of course wo had our rifles, but as ammunition was scarce, and they would bo useless in case ot a charge, we had arranged to have them carried behind us by Hearers. As soon as we had equipped ourselves we hastily swallowed some food and then started out to see how things were going on. At one point of the table land of the mountain there was a little koppie of brown stone, which served the double purpose of head-quarters and a conning tower. Here we found Intadoos surrounded by his own regi ment, the Greys, which was undoubtedly the finest in the Kukuana army, and the same which we had first seen at the outlying kraal. This regiment, now three thousand five hundred strong, was being held in reserve, and the men were lying down on tho grass in com panies, and watching the king's forces creep out of Loo in long ant-like columns. There seemed to be no end to these columns — three in all, and each numbering at least; eleven or twelve thousand men. As soon as they were clear of of the town they formed up. Then one body marched off to. the right, one to the the left, and the third catna slowly on towards us. ' Ah,' said Infadoos, ' they are going to attack us on three sides at once' This was rather serious news, for our position on the top of the mountain, wnich was at least a mile and a half in circumference, being an extensive one, ifc was important to us to concentrate our comparatively small defending force as much as possible. But since it was impossible for us to dictate in what way we should be attacked, we had to make the best of it, and accordingly sent orders to the various regiments to prepare to receive tho separate on slaughts. (To ho continued). 