3R0WTH OF METHODISM. THIRD JUBILEE CELEBRATION. vn Wednesday evening a public meeting took place in the Pirie-atreet Wesleyan Church to celebrate the third jabilee of tfattinrfitim. Thorn tsna a. lai-M» iuinr-nitiiiM the spacious educe being well filled. The Pbmidekt of the Corfabbsce {Riv. D. Wylie), who occupied the chair, stated that it was in 1739 that the first Society olsss was formed In the City of London by John Wesley. It then consisted of eight or tea persons, bnt that insignificant Society aooa increased, and became the Methodism of to day—one of the most wonderfol religious organizations ever aeen. At a conference held in London in 1881 a carefully prepared statement showing the position ot Methodism was presented, and from this report it appeared tbat then there were S2.172 ministers, 84,553 local preachers, 4,795,116 members, 59,161 Bunday-aohools, 577,642 teachers, and 4.480,631 soholan. Since tbat report was presented it bad been estimated that there were from twenty-five to twenty-eight million of Methodists in the world at the present time, and, as one autho lity bad stated, that there were now more Methodists than there were Englishmen of all creeds when John Wesley was at Oxford. When they thought of the power of Metho dism of to-day, with ita atrong creeds, their ministers of ability and inteUigeaoe, their lay agenoiea, aohools, Colleges, printing preeiea and newapapers, book Societies aad t-ook depots, missions and missionaries, their hnmane philanthropic and benevolent inati tutionv, and remembered that that was only tbeir third Jabilee, they might well Xfjoico and exclaim with thankful hearts, 'What has God wrought.' John Wesley wss described as tbe founder of Methodism; but while they revered the name of Wcaleythey all acknowledged that a greater than Wesley was in the movement that led to the formation of this vast organi zation. Referring to tbe families of Wealey an authority had atated that it seemed the Divine Koler of the world had been ptep&r-; ing the men for generations before their time and was determined upoa the great mission He bad for them to do. The Wealeya did not start out with any preconceived idea of what they would attain, and they kaew nothing of the great results that would follow their labours; but we knew that Methodism of to-day, with all its vastneaa and power and influence, waa the oatccme of a apeoial interposition, and was marked by a high Divinity. They looked forward to the future with great hope, and their preachers would cope with the work and go on with the old qoaliticatioa of the 'Holy Ghost come do»n from Heaven.' If the various sectiooi of Metho dism did not come iato organized communion they would come closer together. They were coming closer together— (cheers)— and he ventured to predict that fifty years hence, when tbe population of the world woald be far greater, Bod the population of Austra lotia twenty millions Methodism would go on 'flexible, beneficent, and bold,' and be one of the great forces operating upon the mindB of the human race. The Rev. R. S. Casely, an ex President of tbe Wealeyan Ccnftreace, gaveaa interesting history of Methodism since ita inception. He atated that Methodism waa generally regarded aa having begun in November, 1739, bnt on Monday, May 1, 1728. the little Society began in London. It steadily increased, and in Jacuaty, 1739, the Society consisted of about sixty persons. Wesley's situation was unique, for he was reBponible to no human authoiity, and his position at the head of tbe growing Societies was tbat of an autocrat, but he did not use it aa an autocrat Wesley carefully settled all the Church property of his day npon trusts, but he constituted a conference that ahoold legally take the burden of Church government he had carried along. Beginning with one man the distributee of that power to 1C0 men was a great advance. There were some prominent features in early Methodism that neie worthy of examination. It Btarted with a doctrinal system ao Scriptural that to-day they accepted it without com promise. Metboditm began its great evangelistic work free from the fetter of a State Church, and quite untrammelled as to the method to be employed. To the end of hia divs Wealey waB strongly attached to the Episcopal Church, and for yeaia his pre judices were greatly in favour of episcopacy. Fortunately he was a learner, and Bishop ttilliDgfleet taught him that the ao called apostolic succession was as ' muddy as the liber ittelf.' Wesley therefore ordained men for tbe work of the ministry. In the liberty ho pceseeeed be began outdoor r reaching. Ibis was not aa unheard of thing, yet in bia time it was novel. An itinerant ministry if not a novelty was an adaptation to the need of tbe times that did veiy much to prevent Methodism from sinking into a stagnant condition. To keep from ignor &Ece; acd faraticiem he gave to hia preachers end people reprints of tbe very best theology the Church possessed. He made large use of cnordained men as preaohert, and be nas ralied to vindicate the coarse be adopted. Thus Methodism began. It was a child of Providence. It began ia meetings beld for tr&yer;, and for the btudy of God's Word. It grew in spite of the fierce opposition that imailed it. The {Primitive Methodists and Hible Christian Chnrobes were aa burning uaia uuu uu too aibci. xua gisan uuuiuiin f America and Canada were direct descen dants of the mother of them all. Dealing 7ith mederr. Methodwm Mr. Casely stated bat during the last 100 years the changes in Methodism had been neither few nor mail, yet these changes had been Jevelopmenta of the rarlier meetings atber than radical alterations. Growths rom the parent stock, not graftings oi l different cbaractei. Doctrinally John WeBley'8 sermons were still tbeir standard, ind the other institutions were all carried jn in his plan. Modern Methodism had ! aBsed through timea of storm and strife, tut it had grown uatil it waa not iaaptly re ijiesenttd aa 'a fruitful bough, even a pleati ul bough by a wall whose branches ran over the wall.' Tbe position of Methodism of co- day testiDed of the splendid liberality of ita people. Speaking of the future, he said that Methodism at home had seen a danger in being scheduled. Tbe routine work and merely clerical had overshadowed tbe epiritnal. Theie was a (linger of over connexionaliam, aad this would be a larger and a boiden unless every member -nd every Circuit helped to bear the load. Bat this overdone connexioaalism waa work ing a cure in some direction, aa the new L-oafercnceB were being formed aad tbe district meetings taking a larger share of ?heir work. The share their laymen were to rake in their woik must steadily increase, la ordinary political matters Methodism bad no unity. Conservative and Liberal sat side ? y aide in their fellowship, yet there were «reat locial problems in which unity of iperation was desirable. There cujtht to be general unity of aim when dealing with buch questions as war, temperance, rescue of hef alien, and improvement of tbe home life of the poor. Some of the questions connected Aith the rights of labonr should be met by tbe practical answer the influence of the united Churches could give. The disturbing element in tbe educational department of the country could be solved if the united Churches of Methodism and of the laod had their own day schools. Surely one hour's religious inatruction ia their Sunday-schools in a week waa not all they ought to provide. Higher education the Church supplied, but the education of the bulk of their child ren they left to the State. The many uncared-for lambs were tbeir repioacbea. Tbe recent agitation respecting he foreign missions affairs of their Church tbowed the deep interest the people took ia the work. It was a pity all branches of the thnrch did not unite in sustaining their Church in the heathen lands. The question in Methodism to-day was how to foater the -ove of Christian fellowship. How to exer cise discipline and spiritual oversight over those who found their homes in Methodise), but were really outside ita membership, he would not pronounoe upon ; but he believed tbe fellowship and spiritual oversight of tbe. class meeting must be maintained. In Wealeyan Methodism what waa known as the forward movement waa ine of the hopeful facts. In its spirit it was a revival of early Methodism, and to reach the multitude outside their coa eregationa they must adopt other plans than those of their present regular service. He hoped a way would soon be found by whioh poor Circuits would be set free from tbe burden of connexional charges uatil they were strong enough to bear them. As to Methodist union, he said that the indications oid not lie so much in the way of organic ?-nicn as in that of a federation of Methodism. Ue did not see why tbe Churches of Methodism in each colony could not have training Colleges for students for the ministry. Why could they not determine in brotherly counsel where in new settlements their Churches sbou'd be established, so as to pre vent the overlapping now complained of ? In Australasian Methodism they ought to be able to agree to nse one hymn-book, one book of officer, and one set of lessons for all their own schools, and should be -We o maintain one weekly newspaper ia each cokny, and a quarterly magazine for all the colonies. However systematic Wesleyan Methodism and Universal Methodism might be, a stereotyped form of Methodism would to most unmethodiatic. In Methodism their airr-8 must remain ever the sane as at the tint, but there must be such adaptations of methods as the changing times and conditions of tociety might require. Tbe Rev. J. G Wbiqht (Primitive Metho dist) said Mr. Casely had spoken abont onion, but be thought hh idea woald not loI iveik. It was not tbeir fault tbat they were not nnited. All their ministers desired to be joined together. When the Wealeyan and Primitive Methodists separated it was no split Since then they had gone on and prospered. The Primitive Methodists were not quite eighty years of age, ana ths latest statistics showed that they bad 228.363 mem bers of Society. Their ministers numbered 1,038; Churches and other placas, 5.901; hearers, 581,253 ; ani the value of their pro perty waa £3.218,327, whilst the books sold for the London depot last year were 2,101,000; and they also had a Children Orphanage and three Colleges. They could not live on tbe past. They were sending a Methodist to heaven every three hours, and all tbe past genera tions of Methodists were looking down upon them, and expected every man to do bl» duty. The Rev, J. Thobse (Bible Christian) was very pleased to be present and represent his body. In this celebration he would like to sink every difference. As to any disunion, there was none. In meetings o! that sort it waa impossible for them to feel bat as one. Methodism waa one of tbe greatest facts in the world's history. John Wesley's work was second to none in the world. Methodism could not advance without advancing every other branch of the Christian Church. One result of these celebratioas, which were being held all over the world, he hoped woald be that tha young Methodists would study MethodiBt literature. So far aa hia body was concerned it was not a split. Dealing with the progress in that body in the old country, he stated that one reason why they bad not gone ahead like the other sections was on account of their seeding all the best men ont to the colonies, first to North America, and then to Australia, to evangelize the colonies. What concerned them most was the future of Methodism, and it was a glorious future he believed. There waa no aign of decay. The Methodist Church was essentially a poor man's Churob, and it muat remain ao. One reason why the poor did not attend the Church waa that the working men recognised that during tbe last forty years the Church had not been with them, and John Wesley was sot ashamed of the poorer classes, and the old Methodism must be revived, and the poor made welcome. Special muaic was provided by the choir, with Mr. W. B. Chinner as organist. At tbe i lose a comprehensive vote of thanks was carried on the motion of the Rev. E. Gratton, seconded by tbe Rev. C. T. Newman. 