Ghost College. (ballarat evening stab.) On Tuesday the iuaugural proceedings took place in. connection with the opening of the new college, Sfcurti street, for the Holy Ghost Fathers, a branch of the order at Blackrock. Dublin,and who recently arrived in this city, with several other religious communities, in charge of the Roman Catholic Bishop of Ballarat on his return from. Europe. The Bishop said, as I am now on the subject of education, you. will permit me to notice certain reproaches which Secularists seek to fasten on ns ; and by dint of repetition they have come, I dare say, to be accepted by a- credulous public. We are upbraided with caring nothing for the spread of education amongst the people ; we are taxed with hostility to the progress of enlightenment ; we are said to coerce our people into supporting denomina tional schools, and to deter them against their judgment and wish from availing of the free State education, which in fact they pay for. These broad assertions are . very" commonly repeated in the columns of the Secularist Press ; and, of course, they sound very plausible to men whose inveterate prejudices prepare them for any accusation against the Catholic Church. Now let us test these assertions by the light of a few facts. The priests are accused of coercing the laity. Well, then, Catholics must be very much less than men if they act in this matter against their better judgment. For see what it costs them : ; — Within the last year in this diocese of Ballarat the maintenance of primary schools alone has cost the Catholics no less than £6,500. They pay, at least, this annually to support what they are said to condemn, and they also pay their share for the support of the State-schools, whose advantages they forego in every possible case. Remember, that the Catholic population is not very much above 30,000; moreover, very many families in the country places are so far apart from other Catholics that the support of a Catholic school is out of their power. Hence the £6,500 is met annually by only a portion of the total population of 30,000. But wherever they are in sufficient numbers they need no spur from the priests. I gladly bear this testunoirr to th.6 . soii'it snd libsritlitv of our people. Now for the higher education. This college, as you now see it, represents an outlay, within little over one year, of £12,000. In the same time I have paid away £6,800 in order to establish two other centres of intermediate education. And just now we have signed contracts to the amount of £4,500 for educational purposes exclusively. So that, iu one year, this young diocese of Ballarat, with a Catholic population of some 30,000, has had an outlay of at least £27,800, defrayed by the voluntary contributions of the laity, the clery, and myself, and all for education. With such facts as this to support us, I think we may calmly dismiss the vague and baseless charges to wjiich I have called your attention. We are most anxious to ha ve our people edu cated and fully equipped for the hard battle of life. We desire to see them grow up in the full enjoyment of those priceless advan tages which are the fruit of enlightenment. We are alive to the fact that, iu these days of keen and knowing competition the odds are heavy against the uninstructed. All these reasons weigh with us and greatly influence us. We are actuated in the same direction by even other motives. Who trimmed the lamp of science and kept it burning through long ages of barbaric darkness ? Who drudged and toiled, with no incentive but the pure love of knowledge and of truth, in order to save from utter wreck the remnants they found to hand of a bygone civilisation ? The clerics and the monks of the Catholic Church. We are to-day the heirs and repre sentatives of those men. It is our pride and our duty to keep their unselfish spirit alive and to teach it to those who shall succeed us. Father Reffe said: The time has come, and I am glad you feel it, when Catholics, unless teey have resigned themselves to he contemp tuously jostled out of the race of progress ; unless they have resigned themselves to be the flouted victims of every bidder for public favour who may look upon it as his interest to condemn them to obscurity and hardship, must send forward men to fight for them who, to all the gifts of nature, have carefully superadded every aptitude for battle which the fullest and the highest education can ' bestow. In this part of the globe, as is allowed to he the case in every other, education is the force which must be put into operation to resist the growing prevalence of wrong and falsehood. We are living in an age which all the world over is pre- eminently an age of intellectual and moral conflict, and in such an age every man who would be qualified to make his mark — every man who would desire to render himself capable of striking a success ful blow for justice, honour, truth, or free dom. must have a sword to wield, and must be trained to wield it with advantage. It is education that must fortify the citadels of morality and truth ; it is education which must multiply the champions of religion and principle, which must rouse them from the perilous security of fancied peace, which ; must marshal and equip and lead them into the field. The enemies of the church are aware of this, and strenuously endeavour to make of it a most effective engine for the furtherance of their worst and most ne farious purposes. Education, mutilated and degraded by being divorced from religion, which gives it its refining and ennobling power, has become the blight and curse of many lands ; it threatens to become the curse of this ; to some extent you know that it has already become so. There is a melancholy sameness in the methods of impiety, intolerance, and oppression in every age and clime which they have tainted and disgraced. Ever since that day when our Divine Redeemer blessed the little ones, and pronounced resemblance to them a condition of our fitness for His kingdom, it has been the constant aim of His assail ants, the constant aim of those who hate Himself, because they will not bend their minds and hearts into a practical compliance with TP's teaching, to deface the "moral beauty which He praised, and frustrate all endeavours to restore it ; they everywhere have laboured, and are labouring still, with an amazing energy and perseverance, to ex tend and to perpetuate their influence by making of the " bad boy the father of the bad man," by sowing iu the youthful miud the fatal germs which, fostered _ _by the succours of a soil and air propitious to their growth, may eventually fill the world with the worst and bitterest fruits of anarchy and irreligion. Bad education has thus been everywhere employed to bring about that self-abasement which is known to " pave the way for villain's bond and despot's sway." Shackle the intelligence, or blind it, as a preparation to your fettering the limbs, having ever beeu a primary motto in the ritual of tyranny. He was glad to see they had made provision for the combination of educa tion and religion, which was education in its proper sense. If moral principles were left out of sight, and the attitude towards the Creator not noticed, it was not proper education. (Applause). The speaker then referred to the meeting held on the previous evening with reference to the introduction into State-schools of Bible readings. All the speakers there, he remarked, agreed that education without re ligion was worthless. One of the speakers, with more force than good taste, said that the present scheme Was favourable to Catholics, of, as he . put it, to Romans. He did not expect this from a man of education or refined feelings, such as the speaker. (Applause.) It was unworthy, coming from a gentleman occupying the posi tion the speaker did. He ought to know that the Catholic church did not object to reading the Scriptures ; that it was through the churcil that the Scripture came down from past ages ; and that the church regarded them just as sacredly as anyone. 'It regarded them, how ever. as the repository, not the origin, of truth and that they should not he interpreted bv every person of age or learning, but by the church which Christ had set up to interpret them. The proceedings, which were opened with religious ceremonies, were closed in a similar manner. 