'Drift.' ; Continued from our lait. Nell shuddered, she felt the truth, but ????'?. right and wrong were strangely confessed in ? hei mind. To go back to squalor, misery, (tnd blows with this brute could not seem vight j to stay where all her best bopes^ her love, her life was treasu,redx could not seem ?wrong. She had a vision of her love, her darling with fond eves looking down at her. and his white forehead and brown curls, that she knew by heart. Oh, if she could only spring in,to those arms and die there { . And her baby — her- Prince Charlie — she Qould not speak of him.' She trembled his baby cry should reach the ear of her com panion, and awaken a torrent of coarse in \- yeotive and blasphemy. She coud not leave him — she would not. She would rather fly to the ends of the earthy and hide in its most lorsaken spots first — she would work; for him till, she dropped dead first. *- This was tho first gleam of hope that entered the poor- woman's mind. ' She could not stay where she was. This gloomy-eyed Kian would claim her, body and soul — 'twas so nominated in the bond — but she would ? ' elude him, and find at least peace, if n«t happiness, in some obscure corner in the ? ^orld. — ' — Xhe rain bea.t down »uddenly now, and a . wild wind shook the tree tops. Mrs. Earn sliawe trembled at the sounds. If the doctor Qarne now — ioh, how woujd the. parting be !, ' Where are. you staying, Jem V she $skad.. v.. ' At the Cottage Hotel; rather low, eh. 1 'Well, I like it low. I'm Ijow njyself.' t ' I'll meet you there — ' '?No you, d.o/i't. I'll keep and eye on yon, \- my lady..1' v 'Can't you trust me,; Jem1}' Nellie said, quaking with feey,. '? You know If can't, stay here. If-' I dou't meet you at ten, come here lijt the mpruipg. I giv.e you leave. Come and; claim, me- then, 1 only want to do things, quietly, I expect; D*. Earnshawe every 9ii,nute, and then what an aw.ful scene. I cannot bear it. Y'ou mu^t go now,. I must Jjjive a. little time to myself.' 'To paqk up, eh? Oh, very well— I'm agreeable.. Pack up a good deal;;. I'll allow every convenience for;, that operation.. I think I've got .you sure enough, for the. law's, on my side,' and the burley fellow staggered to hia feet vyitU a. parting oath by .way of benediction. . N.elhe did not step long. She rushed; up stairs, and began, putting her things together with frantic hastev Prince Charlie woke Up ? and began to watch. his mother. with laughing tyue eyes, as. if all her- movements were part . o^ a play enacted for his benefit., ' Should she write a line to. explain? No, there waB: no time for that. She could send a Sew lines from the next stopping, place. ' ' Jh, . feow desolate her darling w.ould he- when he . .came to his lonely home that . night— .wife and child both gone.l She took up an old photograph, and kissed it again and again. In ajliher-fpeuitic. hurry she took time for that. She looked round the pretty room full of beautiful tokens of his love and frenzied eyes, so. pur^ audi , fresh—it was a lily of.a room. Slie.thpuglit, . . of a bare, cold. place that must soon be her r^ome— the toiling, empty life that awaited Ler ; and she felt forced to cry out, as. one of old ' My Gpd, my. God, why hast, tljpugh forsaken me ?'-' She did- not take many things,. only useful and jilain clothing. She could not bear to take the pretty ornaments her darling had . given her from time, to time. She could re member so well the happy, sceues which eaoh recalled; Had it all been a druam, or whs; this last. a frightful nightmare, from whfoh, she should awake soon in an ecstacy. of joy aud peace ? Baby Charlie's hat and coat now!' Oh, how the. storm pelted 'against the wiudow. Ho»v would she shiold the darling in the pitiless blast?' But a dark and stormy night was. all the better for their flight. Few ?Wiould be abroad then to give tidings of them, to ,ay-y inquiry. Hark-I r The blood wtood still in her veins. . If. was—it, was the key in the door — o sound that always set her heart beating. It bounded 'Dow,- not with, the old joy, but with a, sudden and awful terror ; but she went down. ; ? Dr. Chtu'Ue and others — a group of; men. 'fc-iVJJhat had happened?, Ho. did. not see her, was giving orders. ?'-?-?'M -Poor fellow, its all over now with. him. t-.' ll reckon that pair of horses tramped the life \- Wt othiui at once j but biing him . in, ancl. I'll do what I can.' Then glancing up, he saw the pale face, ns white as a ghost's look ing down. ' Oh, Nellie, keep away,' he called out ; ' a man has been run over, and I am forced to bring him here.' But the full light of the hall lamp fell on the man's bloated face as they curried him in. The black brows, the olosed eyes, the purple lips, Nellie knew well, and she knew that her deliveranoe had come. For the doctor said softly and reverently — 1 He is dead.' His wife stole . up to baby Charlie's bed room and fainted away, with ? prayer of thanksgiving on her lips. , the end. 