THE DEATH SHIP- A STRANGE STORY ; an account op a cruise in tllfl flying dutciiman, collected from the papers of - the j, ate mr. geoffrey kenton, ok poplar, master mariner. By W, CLARK RUSSELL, Author of" The Wreck of tboGrosvenor," "The Golden Hope," die., die. All Rights Reserved. CHAPTER XXIV.— The Gale Breaks. On tho sixth day, during dinner, Vaudsr- dccken said we had seen the worst of the storm. There was a smalt lull in the wind/and a faintness sifting np, so to speak, from behind the peaks and valleys of the horizon into the sky all around, like a very dim awning of fair weather innumerable leagues distant yet. "I shall be glad to see the sun again," said Imogcne. " Let us get quit of these waters," exclaimed Vanderdeckcn, moodily, and often dropping bis knife and fork to take his beard in both hands and stroke it with a fixed looked in his eye9r which would have made you swear he beheld a vision, "and we shall have so much sun every day climbing higher and higher, until It hangs right over oifr mastheads like a flaming shield, so that the coolness of the Biscavan sea and tho entrance of the English Channel shall be sweet as drink to a dry mau." . Pray, mynheer," said I, "how far to the eastwards do you suppose this gale has driven us ?" He looked at me with a sudden temper in his face as if ho would crush me for daring to ask. Nevertheless, he answered, but with a deep thrill in tbe rich tremble of hi9 voice, "About one hundred and fifty leagues, sir ; and what of that ?" "Ay, and what of that?" exclaimed Van Yogelaar, who had turned a scowling eye on me on my asking this question. " Why, nothing, gentleman, " I answered, warned by the violet eyes that dwelt upon me to slide out of this matter as quickly as I conld. "The ground to be recovered is not great, and a pretty little south-east wind should float us, with square yards, round the Caps in three or four days." Yanderdeckeni made 'no response; his eyes fell away from me to the table, at which he gazed injthe postnreior one who dreams waking. Van -Yogelaar, on the other, hand, continued to stare at rae for a long minute, which, as he sat on my right hand an l consequently had to turn his heal and bold his face towards me, proved a very severe trial to my temper, insomuch that I could have beat him for his insolence. It was as Yanderdecken had said, the gale had brokeu and we might look for a clear sky presently, yet the sea still ran fearfully high, and the wash aud weltering of it along the sea line that was now indifferently clear, suggested a vast sierra whose 9ides beyond were in sun shine, whilst over our tracks lay the sombre twilight of the tempest, .There was still a fine rain in the air, though not such as to cloud the ocean, but I was so fascinated by the picture of the Flying Duchman's fight with the .mighty combers which rolled at her froin the north and west, that I lingered gazing till I was pretty near as soaked as when I had been fished up aud brought aboard- But a sailor makes no trouble of a wet jacket so long as he has a dry shirt for his back, which I had, thanks to Yanderdecken, who had been so good aB to lend mo several shifts of linen. I do not know that I ever saw or heard of a ship that threw from her such bodies of foam as did this vessel. She would rise at the sea buoyantly enough, yet at every lean-to to windward for a giddy sliding swoop into the hollow, she hurled an enormous space of seething and spitting and flashing froth many fathoms from her into which she would sink as though it were snow, and so. squatter, as 'tis termed, and lie there whilst you might count to ten or 15; ere rising out of it to the irresistible heave of tho next leviathan sea. By 7 o'clock that night the gale was spent, and. there was then blowing a quiet breeze from the west-south-west. The swell rolled slowly from the quarter from, which the wind had stormed, and caused the Braave to wallow most nauseously, but she grew a bit steadier- after they had' shaken the reefs out of tho courses and made sail on her. I watched this business with deep interest. Yanderdecken, standing on tbe poop, gave his orders to Van Yogelaar, ou the quartor-deck. Tbe 'Bailors- went to work with true Dutch phlegm and deliberatcuess, taking plenty of time to unknot , tbe reel-points, then carrying the fore and main-jeers to the capstan, and walking round without a song, sullen and silent. There was no liveliness—none of tbe springing aud jumping and cheerful heartiness you would expect in a crew who. after battliug through six days of black winds and lashing seas, were now looked down upoo by a Heaven of stars, shining gloriously among a few slowly-inoving clouds. After a little Yanderdecken went below and presently returned, bringing Imogeno with bira. On the poop 'twas all darkness save for the phosphorescence in the ship and the sea fire over the side. The captain and the lady came close before I distinguished them. "Fair weather at last, Mr. Fenton," she ex claimed. after peering to make sure of me and then stopping so as to oblige Yanderdecken to stop too, for he had her arm in his and I thiuk he meant to walk to and fro tbe deck with her. , " Yes," I replied, " Heaven is merciful. Such anothor six days I wouid not pass through for tbe wealth in this 9hip." "Pray speak in Dutch, sir, that I may follow you," said Vanderdeckeo, with a certain stern and dignified courtesy. "If I could converse with ease, mynheer," said I, "I should speak in no other language aboard this vessel. As it is, I fear you do not catch half my meaning." "Oh, yes! you are intelligible, sir," ho answered, " though you sometimes use words which sound like Dutch, but signify nothing." " Nothing to yon, my friend," thought I, "but I warrant them of good currency in the Amsterdam of to-day." In short his language was to mine, or at least to the smattering I had of the Batnvinn tongue what the speech of a man of the time of Charles II. would be to one ot this century— not very wide asunder, only that one would now and again introduce an obsoleto expression, whilst the other would occasionally employ a term created years after his colloquist's day. "But it pleasea mo, captain, to speak in my own tongue." said Imogene. "iBhouldnot like to forget my language." It will be strange if you forget your lan guage in a few months, my child !" he answered with a slight surprise. A sudden roll of tbe ship enuring the great mainsail to flap, he started, looked around him and cried out, with a sudden anger in his deep voice, to the steersmau, "How is the ship's head?" "North by east," was the answer. "Wo want no easting," he cried ont again, with the snrae passiou in his voice, and strode with vehemence to the biunaclo, where stood Antony Arents, who had oharge of the deck, and who bad gone to view tbe compass oo hearing the skipper call. " This will not do I" I heard the captain say, bis deep tones rumbling into the ear 1 as though you passed at a distance a church in which an organ was played. " By the bonea of my father, Til not have her break'off I Sweat your braces, man I Tako them to tho capstan t If we spring our masts and yards for it, she'll, have to head nothing east of north 1" There wa9 a fierce impetuosity in his speech that made tbe delivery of it sound- like a sus tained execration. Arents went forward and raised somo cries. I conld see the figure of Yanderdecken black against the stars, up and down which be siided with tbe heave of the ship. He was motionless, close to the binnacle, and I could imagine the stormy rise and fall of his broad and powerful chest under his folded arms. The watch came aft to tho braces and strained at thorn, 'Twaa a shadowy scene. There were nono of those songs and choruses which seamen use to koop time in their pulling and hauling and to encourage their spirits withal. The boatswain Jans was on the forecastle attending tho fore ; Areata stood on the quarter-deck. Occasionally oue or the|other shonted out an order which tbe dim concavities on high flung down again out of their hollows, as though there were ghosts aloft mocking at these labors. You saw tho pallid shinings writhing about the foot of tbe sailors and the Bharper scintillations of the woodwork wherever it was chafed by a rope. When they hsditrimmed, hut not yet. with the capstan, Arents called to tho captain who returned an answer implying that tho ship had come up again and that the trim as it was would serve. Thereupon tbe men Btole out of sight into tho darkness forward, melting into blackness as do visions of a slum- berer into the void of deep and dreamless rest ; Arents returned to tho poop and stood near tho captain, who hold bis place with tho en tranced Rtirlessness I was now accustomed to see in him. But, no doubt, his eyes were on the needle, and had I dared approach I might have beheld a fire in his eyes keener than the flame of the raeBh with which the binnacle was illumi nated. "You wonld know bim as one not of this world," said I to Imogene. "even should ho pass yon quickly in a crowd." "There are somo lines in tho book of -poetry downstairs which fit him to perfection," she answered. " 1 Thou hast a nrlui appearance, and thv face Boars n command in It ; though thy taokle's torn, Thou aUow'stu noble vessel." "Ay," aid I, "they are wonderfully pat. They might have been made for bim." " Here are others," she continued. . . "He'.has, I know not what, Of greatness Iu his looks and oi high fate. That almost awes me,' And when Ida mooda change these verses' are always present Reart'at thou not something in my face that speaks Wouderful chaugc uod horror from within mo V " She put a tragic noto into her voice as she ! ; recited'; the starlight was in her eyes, "and they were fixed on me ; her face whitened out to I the astral gloaming, till you saw. her hair throbbing on her forehead to tho blowing of the wind. Bhe continued : "I could quote a score of 'passages marvel lously true of the captain and his fellows, serving indeed as revelations to me, bo keen are tbe eyes of poets. And little wonder," says she with a sigh, " for what else hare I had to read but that book of poetry I" "Just now," said I, "he asked if you thonght it likely you should losq your language in a few months. This plainly shows that he sup poses ho met with you iu bis passage from Matavia — that is his last passage. Now, since his finding you dates nearly five years back, and you tell mo has only memory for what happened within the past few months, how does it fail out that he recollects yonr story ?— which ho certainly does, for he aBked me if you bad related it to me." "It must be," she answered, " because he is constantly alluding to it in speaking of the re ception his wife and daughters will give me. It is also impressed upon him by my presence, by my frequent asking him to put me on board a homeward-going ship, and so it is kept in his mind as a thing constantly happening — con tinually fresh." "Suppose I should stay in this ship for six months, never speaking of the Saracen, noriro- calling the circumstance of my coming on board, you believe his memory wonld drop tbe fact and that ho would view me as one who happened to be in tho ship and that's all, his mind stopping at that ?" "How ho would view you I cannot say; but I am certain he wonld forget how you came here, unless thore was inceasantjrefcrcnce to the Saracen and to her men shooting at Van Yoge laar. But time would bear no part in this sort of recollection; he would still be;living| in the year 6f God 1653, and sailing home from Batavla; and if he thonght at all, he'd imagine it was in that year that you came on board bis ship.". Meanwhile the giant fignre of the Dutch cap tain stood motionless near the binnacle ; close to him was the second mate, himself like a statue. Tbe tiller-tackles, grasped by the helmsman, swayed bim with every blow of the sea upon the rudder, yet even his movements bad a life- iessnessin them that was as apparent as though the man had been stricken dead at bis post and swung there against the danciug stars. A quick jerk of the ship caused Imogene to lose bcr balance ; she grasped my arm to steady herself by, and I took caro she should not release me. Indeed, from almost tho first hour of our meet- in?, there had been a yearning towards me, a wistfulness of a mute sort underlying her de meanor, and this night i found assurance of it by her manner, that was not indeed clinging, having more of nestling in it, as if I was her. refuge, her one hope, bhe may have guessed I loved her. I cannot tell. My eyes may hare said much, though I had not spoken. But there was that in her as she stood by my side, with ber band under ray arm, that persuaded mo her heart was coming to mine, and haply more quickly because of our sole mortality amid the substantial shadows of the Death Ship's crew. You felt what that bond meant when you looked around you and saw the dimly looming figure of vauderdecken besido the compass, the ghostly darkness of the second mate's form, the corpse-like swaying of the helmsman, as of a hanging body moved by tbe wind, and thought of the amazing human mysteries lost in tho darkness forward, or slumbering in the hammocks, if. indeed, sleep was ever permitted to visit eyes which death was forbidden to approach. Twas as if Imo gene stood on one side a grave, I on tbe other, and clasped hands for the courage we found in warm and circulating blood, over a pit filled with a heart-freezing Bight. - " We shall escape yet— fear not I" said I, speaking out of the heat of ray own thoughts as though we were conversing on that subject. ' " May our Saviour grant it !" she exclaimed. " See how black the white water around tUe ship makes her in spite of the strange fires which glow everywhere l" I felt her shiver as she cried, "The vessel seems to grow more terrible to my fancy. It may be because we have talked so much of Ler, and your views of Yanderdecken and the <zsew have raised terrifying speculations in me." " We shall escape yet 1" I repeated, hotly., for the very sense of bur imprisonment and: tho helplessness of our condition for the timetaing, that might be long in terminating, was a thought so maddening that I felt in a temper to defy, scorn and spit fa the face of tbe very devil himself, was he.- to ap pear. But I bad her right hand pressed to' my heart, 'twas sure she felt tho comfcxrt of it, and together for some while in silence we stood viewing tbe ship, the fabric 'f whose hull stood out as though lined with India ink upou the asben tremble of ftoth that seemed to embrace her leugth like shadowy-wbfoe arms, as the wind blowing mildly into her avtUs forced her to break the water at tier stern ae she siided athwart the swell. I clasped my brow with beyildersnent in my brain. " Surely," I cried to my comp:tnion, " I am dreaming. It cannot be that I at this moment am standing on the deck of the Death Ship i" " We must have patience, cour≥ and nope, Mr. Fenton," she said softly. St Look at that starry jewel yonder," and she turned t)p her face to the cross that hung above the mizen topmast head, gleaming very gloriously in a lake of deep indigo betwixt two clouds. "It shines for me I and often have l looked up at it with full eyes and a prayer in my heart. It shines for you too ! It is the emblem of oar redemption and we must drink in faith that God will succour us from it." She continued to gaze at it, and there was sheen enough to euable me to see a tender smile upou ber upturned face. Q/ow sweet did sbo then appear, fairer than the "evening air, clad in the beauty of a thousand stars," as the poet wrote. I looked up to that sparkling Cross and thought how strange it was that the Sen tence pronounced upon this Bhip should doom her to sail eternally over waters above which there nightly rises the lustrous.symbol of Com passion and Mercy. " Tako my arm, my child ; 'tis chilly work standing." said the deep voice of the captain. Again had he come upon us nnawares, but this time he found us silent, together gazing at the Cross of stars. She withdrew her hand quickly from my arm and took his, showing wisdom in her promptness, as I was qnick to see. Then, being alone, 1 went to the quarter deck and fell to walking briskly. For Yander decken was right, the wind came bleak. ' CHAPTER XXIY.— The Death Ship's Forecastle. Next morning being very fine, the first bright day that had broken since I had been in the ship, I thought, since it was early, an hour to breakfast, Yanderdecken in his cabin and Areuts alone on the poop-deck with tho man who steered, that I would look a. little closely into the vescel, and ascertain if possible whore and how the . men slept, where thev dressed their food nnd the like. I spied the corpulent fignre of Jans, the boat swain, forward of the foremast. He wps standing with his arm9 folded, staring .ahead. His posture somohow suggested a vacuncv of mind and you thought of him as looking into' God knows what distance, with the unmeaniagness jfou observe in the fixed gaze of a babe suefc- ' I could hot say whether tbe decks hail been washed down ; they seemed damp, as if newly swabbed. One, whom I supposed to be the ship's carpenter, was sawing wood near the house'in which were the live stock. Two others, hard by him, Bat npon a sail, stitching at it. There was a seaman in the foretop, but what doing I could not see ; little more than his head showed above the barricade. I walked forward to where the boatswain stood, and on observing that be took no notice of mo'I touched him lightly on the shoulder. He turned his round face, ghastly as death, vet as fleshy and' plump as life, and gazed at inc. I felt nervons— it was dreadful to accost these conformations, which were neither men nor devils — bnt I was resolved to go through with tbe bnBiness I had on hand, impelled by the thought that if I was suffered to come off with my life from this experience, .there would be that to relate to the world beyond anything which 6eamen have told of the ocean life. I said to him, " Good morning. Herr Jans. Here, to be sure, is a flue Bky, with noble promise." "True, sir," he answered, seeming to step out of the mystery of his stillness and vacancy without effort. "She looks fairly up ; but so tedious a nor'-wester should bo followed by a southerly gale 1" " Heaven grant it I" cried I, gathering courage from his civility. "You will be glad to see old Amsterdam again, no aoubt 1" " Ay," said lie, " I warrant you ; and my wife Amaua, too, and my daughter, Tobina, ha 1 ha I His laugh was like that of the parrot, mirth less ; and not a wrinkle stirred upon hl9 coun tenance to give reality to his shocking meiri- ment. To come at what I wanted— for I did not wish Yanderdecken to arrive and aco me for- waVd— I said, " Yes. meetings are made sweeter by. a little delay. Pardon me, Herr: I am an Ebglishmau not well acquainted with the ship board usages of tbe Dutch. In the ship of which I was second mate we had what is called a topgallant forccastlo in which the crew slept " He interrupted with a shake of the head. " I do not understand," said be. This was not strange, for as I did not know tbe patch words, I callod it topgallant fore castle in English. " They slept under a deck resembling the poop," said I. ... "Ka 1" ho exclaimed. irWbere do your crew steep'?" "Down there," ho responded, pointing to a batch answering to the foreBcuttle of thsse times. "Is it a comfortable cabin?" said L (To be continued.) 