GRAHAM STjBEET WESLEY AN CfftTBCH. . , Sunday last being tbo anniversary of fthe above church q-ecial services were held, conducted by the Rev. W. H. Fitchett, jB^A., president of the Ladies' College, Hawthorn, an the morninff. and the Rev. fi. T. W.ilkin. D.D., jiresidentof Lesley College, in the evening. The anniversary tea meeting took place in the. church on Tuesday even ing, arid was fairly well attended. The chair was occupied by the Member for the district. The chairman, addressing the gather ing, thanked them for the welcome offered him. He hoped to hear, during the evening, good accounts of the pro gress of the church. . These annual .meetings did much good in bringing friends together, enabling : them to in terchange their views on church affairs, in correcting, errors of the past, and making improvements in the ma ohinery of the church in order to further its usefulness. He bad re ceived from the Government Statist some facts anent Sunday schools which might prove interesting to the meeting. The comparisons he would make was for the years 1886 and 1887. Through put the colony there had been an in crease ot 7 schools .in 1887 over the previous year, the totals beiug in 1886, 2103 schools j and in 1887, 2110 schools. The average attendance of scholars in 1886 was 141,781, and in 1887 138,164; showing a falling off of 3000 children, it appeared to him to be incumbent on those, wishing well to their Sunday schools io search out the reasons of this large decrease and .remedy. die cause. -It. might be there was a mistake in these figures, bat until thatmis'ake was found out they were bound to accept them, and en deavor to maintain the attendance at schools and increase them in order that the young may derive all the good that can be obtained from them. The choir sang an antlmm, *' O, be joyful,' and Mr Francis read the balance-sheet of the, church, showing same to be ia a good position; The ltev Mr Cowperthwaiti h'-xt addressed the meeting. lie remarked that tlm 6gurcs given by the c'tair man were very unfortunate. Compiring the figuri-s given by thu eliainn m and tbe report, presented at tho last con ference of the VrVsleyait body, there was a considerable difference Instead of 36,000 scholars in 1837;, the cm ference report.sljowcd ov.-r 45,000 for the year 18S8, and this gave them groat reason tj bo thankful to 'God (hat there was' ho sign of decadence in the Sunday school of thvir church. It was also a matter of thankfulness to Ood that the congregation in this place was showing gratifying improve ment. There Jiad been much improve ment during the two years he had been bero. During the year they had been highly favored in their finances. To tli (5 circuit fund there -had besn con tributed i219 Hs. 4d., t»j2 largest amount that had been raised since the church had been in existence. ' For the church fund tliey had raisej L*;98 16s 8d; Home Mission Society, L22 1 2s. 4d.; fonrign mission, LI 0 J4s, 9-!.; Hospital Sunday, L9 0i. 3d.; Sunday school, L39 10s.; other collections, L7 3s. 3d.; poor fui,d, L6 is.: m aii, L543 17s. 7d. for the year, or ten guineas per week. Tliis was highly creditable to tlie cburch, the people being nearly all of tlie working class, and many had to straggle to make both ends meet. There had been good work done during the yt-ar by their young men and women in relieving the destitute and attending to the 6Duitual wants of the sick and the afflicted. The home, mission had given the ser vices of a Bible woman for South and Port- Melbourne, L and much good had been accomplished by this most devoted and Christ-like work. The Sunday school wns also being carried on. with efficiency, -notwithstanding their building being burned down. All things considered they liad every rea son to be thankful and feel encou raged by so many Christian people working in tlm raijst of degradation find . rain, ihe gr&i;'er part of which was due to drink. He' boped Ood would iileS3 them very richly daring the coming year. Miss Turner sang very tastefully a solo, '? Angels every bright, and fair,' and the Rev. D. Lowe, Balaclava, delivered an address on Christian unity and growth. Another anthem was delivered by the choir, daring which promissory notes went handed round the members, resulting in a total contribution of £G0 being raised. The Rev. Dr Witkins. gave a most interesting address on 'London, Paris, New -York and Melbourne.' The speaker predicted Tor Australia a bright future It had been called 'Aus- tralia, the Holy Ghost,' by the Spanish navigator who first discovered it, and ?' Australia, the happy' by an explorer who came over from. Sydney, but just in proportion as it became the Aus tralia of the Holy Ghost would it be come Australia the happy. It therefore devolved on the people to put men into Parliament, into their municipal coun cils, into their churches and schools, who would work for righteousness. ; Mr Andrews contributed -a solo, which was much appreciated. Tbe customary votes of thanks being heartily given, tbe meeting terminated, after singing a doxology, and the bene diction by the Rev Mr Cowperthwaite. Uxoeb tbe superintendence of Mr Seachamp an entertainment was given in the new ball of tlte Seamen's institute on Tuesday last. Paring the evening songs and recitations were given by the following ladies and gentlemen : — The Misses Fitz peralil, Smith, McHenry and Miss Trcgurren; Messrs Seacbamp, Garood, McHenry, Godwin, 0'6rady, Taylor and Newton. Tlie inimitable cotuique Mr Scachamp, created a large amount of merriment. The audience thoroughly ap preciated the efforts made to amuse them,- encore* being freely accorded. Mr Loomed, M.L.A. (chairman) addressed a Fetv words of praise and encouragement to the seamen present, and eulogised Mr James [chaplain) and Mr Donglaa for the kindly feeling shown and the hearty welcome ex tended to teamen of all nationalities. After (warty cheering for Air James, Mr Leonard Mr Douglas antt the . visitors, a pleasant eveniug's amusement was brought to a close by singing the 'National Anthem.' Tub telegram which has been sent to the Agent- General regarding the temporary engagement of an engineer asks Sir Graham Berry to ascertain what fee will be de manded, by a thoroughly-qualified man of any nationality to visit the colony and draw up a scheme of sewage works for Melbourne aud te snfaarba. DE4F.— A Person cored of Deafness and noises in the head of 23 years' stand idg fay a Simple Remedy, will send a description, of it free to any Person who applies to Nicholson, 1J5 William street, Melbonme. . 