The league o f the Cross. The branch room (Cathedral school) held a large assemblage last night to Accord a hearty welcome to acme d ear and valued frieods and witness th e formal opening of two branches of the No. 6 Centre H otw t, and w et tastifu lly decorded for the occasion. On the entrance of the Very Bev. Dean Beechinor and Revs M. J Bfecbinor tod T M O'OalljgbtQ qmte an ovation was offered them by 4be assemblage standing 110 mod applauding. The Dean was led to the chair by M r C. G. Ramsay, C.G.C., and beside him os ibe platform were th e clergymen named and several officers of the league. The proceedings commenced by Miss Turner playing an overture, after which Mr Ramsasy said he w ts anre they* were « 1 anxious to heir their honored guest be would ooly go through the ceremony of declaring the branches named formally opened, and is* vested the following officers No. I, , or Cause of our Jo y D istrict L odge: Mrs McLoughlin, S C . ; Mesdamea Wigmore and Anderson, D.R.C. Mrs Fytob and Misses M cLonghlio endO'Loughiin. IL't ; Mi s Harvey. 8 ; Miss M ci.lran, B.j Miss Turner, E M ; Miss O'Brien, aod Miss Mary W atron, S.B. No. 2, or 9< allh of the W eak District Lodge ; Messrs B. VTolloy, K C ; Curtis and Cbadwick'D.K'C.'e. Mulgoon, FUsngan, and Montgomery, £. ’■; Banks, S.; Keogh, B ; M ason. E .M .; Donovan, sent.; and Newman, S.B , leaving the installation o f the No. I until Wednesday, and of the N o. £ until Tuesday, and postponed the fo ttn ii opening of th e centre until a la te r date. He then, on behalf of th e m em b ra, read and piesealed an address to the very* rev. chairman, fxpre siveof their joy a t seeing him . thrir midst, a n d including the other clergymen io th e welcome.--The Dean replied at considerable length, expressing his vrry great pleasure to meet them ■II, and fin J them engaged in suoh a go.d work, and eneouxagel them by kindly words to persevere in th at good work. The League of the Cross was spreading everywhere, and was epreadinu io. Tasmama, and was destined to do morh g-x»d, but whatever good was doing by the league in Tasmania was due to Mr Ramsay, he took no merit himself. In the them Deauere. whenever he went he encountered Mr Ramsay at his noble work, so that he regarded him as his ghost, but seriously he could ass ate them when Mr Ramsay became a veritable ghost his works would live. He must tell them th a t for a long time he had his doubts as to employing him, and refused the appeals of several of the clergy and a deputation of influential men in the matter, but at length he would withhold his consent so longer, and he had not been deceived. He found Mr Ramsay earnest and sincere to a remarkable degree to accomplish good, so much that he felt he could be entrusted with the greatest responsibility, and the great and grave responsibility of the League was sent round to him, and faithful was he in the discharge of his duties. In the League of the Cross he had full complete and unquestionable authority and had done much good and would do more yet. He would urge them to persevere. Of course they m u st expect opposition j ti at w u to be expeoted as a sign of (he goodness of th e work. Let them persevere and do all is tb eir power to assist and support Mr Ramsay , the ghost in this and every work. He was heart and soul engaged in doing good, and had jn ll authority. H e referred to tbeir old intercourse, and it was singular th at tbe three priests then in that tooto hod been in charge of that parish often. A priest who did his duty fearlessly did not become popular, but as long as he did that be neet fear nothing He spoke very kindly of the people in the North and the work going on there, and held them upas models to be imitated, and would con elude by ashing God to bless and prosper the League of the Cross, and to bless and preserve Mr Ramsay in his great and noble work. Fathers Beechinor and O Callaghan followed, and spoke enlogbtic&Hy; of the League of the Cross aud ill head, Mr Bame&y;, and hoped all would assist him iu his great work. To tbem i t was a mystery how be managed to get through it or how he lived. Messrs B Molloy, T. Shirley, Chadwick, W. J . Higgins, and J . McLoughlin also spoke, expressing their determination to stand by the Leig e. A vote of thinks to the Chairman and guests, carried by acclamation a:.d suitably replied, terminated the meeting. During the evening tbe ap- J piause was frequent and loud, testifying the appreciation of the remarks m ade,' i platform occupied ss it was. 