THE PAINS OP FEAR. Think what that poor, dear, timid woman undergoes who nightly looks under her bed' for tbe burglar she believes to be secreted there; who goes round tbe house after the servants are abed to see that all is safe, and, that no t:cket of-leave 111,111 in profiting by. his liberty to, do hor harm. >Vith what, a sense of dread she locks the doors of those dark, underground places in to which she dares not peer. Ghosts and robbers-she turns the key on both with a quick throb and trembling hand, then beats a retreat with ever the same feeling of nameless terror, the same sensation of being followed by some vague horror, which she has not the courage to turn round and confront. Night after night this torment is renewed, as unfailingly as that which the old hag inflicted, on the; merchant Abudah. If the night has its terrors so has the day its dangers. Such a person as this dies a thousand deaths in quick succession, and: the one is 'as': unnecessary as the other. A tramp loitei ing on the highway means robbery first and assassi nation after. A few harmless cows going home to be milked, and driven by a child, are dangerous. Cattle in a field, however well worn the public way across, make that field taboo; for is not each dull, slow, grazing ox, each mild-eyed "milky mother of the herd," each tangle polled yearling calf, as dangerous as j a wild bull, "man mad," and to be approached ] only with caution and in force 1 That distant, j barking collie; that restless, neighing . horse prancing up to the gap in the hedge, through which he thrusts his sociably inquisitive nose ; that Wayside encampment of travelling gipsies -all the circumstances of tho country are so many causes of fear, to the timid, .pedes trian, beating along Uie public road for a con stitutional, and taking no pleasure in what she sees. In a carriage she fares no better. Up hill she is sure the horses will jib ; down'hill they will slip and fall, or the pole will break, and then heaven have mercy on her soul ! On the plain road, put to a sharp trot they will ? run away ; indeed, they are running away. If they whisk their tails they are about to kick ; if they cock their ears they are sure to shy. She screams at the smallest difference between them and their driver; and when they have to meet another carriage, or pass a lumbering cart, she pinches her companion black and blue in the spasm.of her fear. . The torinent of fear is hard to bear when it is centered on one's self. What is it when it spreads itself abroad and includes others-the beloved-in its meshes ? For the beloved, in deed, is no security/ Every railway journey includes a smash ; every sea voyage is a foregone shipwreck ; if an epidemic touches the outside fringes of the district, it is sure to make a leap into the home where the dear 01103 live. The smallest cold is bronchitis ; and when the little people cough they, have whooping-cough, no less. . . Some mothers make their motherhood a long drawn agony by the fears with which they en compass their young. Is the liursa a quarter of an hour beyond her usual time ? Straightway the grave is opened and she cherised and adored lie therein stark and cold. Wild wanderings t» and fro, witd surmises as to what can have happened, angry rejection of any commonplace explanation as to a longer walk than usual, 11 longer session under the trees than was calculated on, passionate tears of frantic despair, passionate outbursts of as frantic, wrath; when lo 1 the nurse comes quietly up to the house door with her charge as fresh as a flower and as gay as a lark, and that voluntary descent into Hades proves itself as futile as it was un necessary. These fear3 accompany a mother of this un easy kind all through life. When her boys go to school she is sure they will be mauled by the bigger ruffians of their class, maimed for life iu the playground, overworked, underfed, put into damp sheets, and morally corrupted. She suffers more than they from the dire necessities of learning, and wishes that there was a royal - road to knowledge where her darlings could bowl along at railroad speed, with never a hill to climb nor a valley wherein to descend. She thinks the masters cruel" and the curri culum inhuman, and wonders how so much can be expected from such yoving brains and grow ing bodies. All through life it is the same cry of evil. The fortunes of war take her sous . here and there, aud the mother frets over the possibili ties of disaster, as if that possible event were proven fact aud chance had, no side alley for escape. And when it comes to matrimony the whole thing is renewed under 'another- name; for surely was there never the girl born who was a fit wife for the.son of such a..mother, while the finest man extant makes biit .a poor kind of a caretaker for her daughter ! So BImj perverts the great gift of love r.ndthe divina glory of maternity into a scourge; aud riotaJ blessing, and weeps behind her mantle' of self made mourning because she has not the courage to believe nor the common sense to hclpe.-; " The Forum." ... THE PLACE FOR A LADY'S AFFECTION. I Somebody asked me this other day who were the happiest ?women, and I've been thinking; it out ever since. The conclusion I have come to is that she is the happiest woman ; who . is not. too handsome. I don't mean that she shall be disagreeable-looking, and she must have "a. certain charm of manner, but by her lack- of beauty she can keep the' loveliest of woman friends and no jealously; arises,': v hile she.' is always a pleasant companion. The woman who is not a great beauty dues not' need to* anticipate, growing old with that horror that comes to .her who knows that it means the loss of the greatest attraction. I now always thank Providence every night that nature did not makc-me beauti ful. One can only feel this way after one has become-how old1 The'woman without beauty is going to try to be something else, for in' the heart of every woman figure' without Roman lines and a Calliope voice there is a desire to be considered the nicest in the world by somebody. Aud if the woman is worth a.penny she prefers that somebody to be a man. Dorothy, Iwouidn't trust a woman who told me she didn't care for men's society. There is something wrong w ith her. She's absolutely abnormal, and certain to come to a wrong end/. Even beating wilt hot take from a right-minded woman -her inborn liking for mankindin general and man in special. There has never been one 'of those women who cared only for the society, of women, who wasn't fretful,tiresome, unhealthyin mind aud body, and altogether a burden to,the e^rth.': Women should like women, of course, but they should like men better.-'/ New York Star:": ? A Lass, A Lass !-" Woman," says " Ouida," is the enemy of freedom." True/ most true. She is, apt to' iriarry as ' soon as she comes of age. She is the dependant of parents aud nurse in her cradle, in. bondage to her teachers in all her schooldays, a slave of fashion from the day she graduates until her wedding day, after that she is ruled by her husband, or tyrannised over by her servants. Then she is a servant unto her children until they are all mar ried, after she is "bossed" by hoi* sons and daughters-in-law, and at last she lives and dies in loving gentle bondage to the grandchildren who prattle about her. Yes, indeed, it's little enough of freedom a woman knows. USEFUL HINTS. Jioths.-To keep away moths, soak blotting paper in equal parts of oil of camphor and spirits of turpentine ; and lay the paper among the clothing or furs. Scrubbing.-Neglected boards will not come clean without extra pain:. If of a very bad color a mixture of three parts of powdered pipe | clay with one of chloride of lime, about the | thickness of crcaiu, will be useful. This should be laid on to dry in sometime before scrubbing. Grease will only yield to fuller's earth spread on tile spots for several hours. Soap and soda in hot water make boards black. To Renovate Black Satin.-Sponge it on the right with spirits of wine diluted with a little Water, and of course stroking it in the way of the nap, and not across it ; then iron it while still damp on the wrong side, keeping some muslin cn both sides of it. Another plan is to mix well together of -1 o/.. each of soft soap and honey, the white of the an egg well beaten, and a wineglass of gin. With this mixture 'scour the article with a rather stiff brush thoroughly ; when it looks quite clcan, rinse it in cold water ; do not wring it, but just press out as much of the wet with your hands as you can, and then hang it up to drain. Tako care not to let it dry, but iron it as before while yet damp. To Clean Gilt Frames-Take 1 oz. of quick lime and sprinkle, it with a little hot water to slacken it, tlieu gradually add a pint of boiling water so as to form a kind of milk. Dissolve about '2o;:. of pearlasli in say 14 pints of water, and inix it with the former solution. Cover up the whole, and agitate occasionally for an hour or two. When it has settled decant the clear fluid into flat half-pint bottles, and cork well. The frames are cleaned by rubbing them carp fully with a sponge dipped in the liquor and ', wiping it off with clean water. , Paperhangers' paste is best made by first I heating the water to the boiling point, then add Hour, stirring constantly to prevent the for mation of lumps. The Hour should be sifted into the water through a sieve to insure more equal distribution. Agitation must bo continued until the heat renders the mass of the desired cpiisistcncy, In order to increusp its udhering Btrcngth powdered resin in the proportion cf one-sixth to one-fourth of the weight of the flour should be added. Oil of cloves or a few drops of carbolic acid will keep the pasts fvcin souring. 