HENRY GEORGE'S SERMON ON THY KINGDOM COME." Mr. Henry George delivered on the 5th May a sermon in the City Hall, Glasgow, on "Thy Kingdom Come." He said We have become accustomed to think that God's kingdom is not intended for this world, that virtually this is the devil's world, and that God's kingdom is some other sphere to which He is t to take good people when they die just as it is that when good Americans die they go to Paris. (Laughter.) If that be so, what is the use of praying for the advent of His kingdom 1 Is God the Christian's God, the Almighty and loving Father of whom Christ told 1 Is He such a monster as a God of that kind would be a God who in this world sees sufferings and miseries, sees high, faculties aborted, lives stunted, innocence turned into vice and crime and heartstrings strained and broken, and yet who, having it in his power, will not bring that kingdom is He some self-willed despot whom we must coax? I say it with reverence, the Almighty r could not bring that kingdom by His own efforts. What is the kingdom of God the kingdom which we are to-night to pray for It is in doing God's will-not by automata, not by animals who were compelled, but by intelligent beings made in His image, clothed with free will, know- ing good from evil. " ANYHOW IT'S ALL RIGHT," Our laws say that this God's earth is not here for use of all His children, but only for the use of a privileged few. There was a little dialogue published in the United States some time ago. Possibly you may have seen it. It is between a boy and his father, who go to a brickyard, The boy looks at the men making bricks, and he asks who those dirty men are, why they are making up the clay, and what they are doing it for 1 He learns, and then he asks about the owner of the brickyard. " He don't make any bricks ; he gets his income from letting these other men make bricks." (Laughter.) Then he asks about what title there is to those bricks, the men having made it, and then he wants to know how the man who owns the brickyard gets, his title to the brickyard whether he made it? " No, he didn't make it. God made it." Was it God made it for him Whereat his father tells him that he must not ask such questions as J that-(laugh- hear-but, that, anyhow, it all right (laughter) and it is all in a accordance with God's law. Then the boy who, of course, was a Sunday school boy and had been to church-goers off mumbling to himself that God so ( loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son to die for mankind, but that God so loved the owner of this brickyard that He gave him not merely His only begotten Son, but the brickyard too. (Laughter.) That story has a blasphemous sound. I don't like to speak lightly of sacred subjects, but nevertheless there is a deep meaning in that, and it is well sometimes that we should be fairly shocked into thinking. * j _ WORSE THAN ATHEISM. Better is the atheist who says there is no God than the professed Christian who, prating of the goodness and fatherhood of God, tells us in words as some do, or tells us indirectly, as, many others do, that millions and millions of human creatures, like a little baby, are being brought into the world daily by the creative fat, and no place in this world provided for them. (Applause.) Aye, tell us that by the laws of God the poor are created in order that the rich may have the unctuous satisfaction of dealing out charity to them daughter) -tell us that a state of things like that which exists in this city of Glasgow, as in other great cities on; both sides of the Atlantic, when little children are dying everyday, dying by hundreds and by thousands, because having come into this world-these children of Godlcomins-hera with His fiat by Ilia decree-find that there is not space on the earth sufficient for them to live, and driven out of life and out of the world because they cannot get room enough, cannot get air enough, cannot get sustenance enough. I believe in no such God. (Applause.) If I did, though I might bend before Him in fear, I would have him in my heart. (Hear, hear.) Nofc'room enough for the little children here I look round in any country in the civilised world, is there not room enough and to spare? Not food enough 1 Look at the unemployed labour, look at the idle acres, look through every country and see the natural opportunities going waste. (Applause.) Tli¡}tCbristíanity that puts on a Creator the evil, the injustice, the suffering, the degradation that are due to man's injustice is far worse than a Atheism. That is blasphemy and if there the a sin against the Holy Ghost, that is the unpardonable sin. " Give in this day our I daily bread." | A KINGDOM OF EQUALITY. If Adam when he got out of Eden had commenced to pray, and prayed till this time, he would have got nothing to eat unless he worked. Yet dod is God's bounty. He does not bring the meat all cooked, vegetables all prepared, nor lay the plates and spread the cloth. What he gives are the opportunities of producing these things by labour. It is written in Holy Writ and graven in every fact of nature that by labour we shall bring forth these things, j Yet in all civilised countries what do we? Men, as they say in California, have Walled these bounties. Thus it comes that all over the civilised world the labouring class is the poor class, and that men who do no labour, who pride themselves in saying that neither they nor their grandfathers War did an honest day's work, enjoy and! revel in the i superabundance of the things that labour brings forth. It is impossible to imagine I heaven treated as we now await this earth, without seeing that, no matter how salubrious its air, how bright its light, how magnificent its vegetative growth, there would be poverty, suffering, and division of heaven were parcelled out as we have parcelled out this earth. No one could think of the Kingdom for which he prays! without the feeling that it must be a kingdom of justice, equality not necessarily equality in condition, but of equality in i opportunity. No one could think of it without seeing that the very kingdom of God! might be brought on this earth if men would but seek to do justice, would but acknowledge the essential principle of Christianity that of doing to others as we would have others to do to us-and of recognising that we are all here equally the children of, one Father, and equally entitled to share His bounty to live our lives, develop our faculties, and apply our labour to the raw material that he has provided. A MONSTROUS water". Nothing is clearer, if we are all children of the universal Father, than that we are all entitled to the image of His bounty. But there are those who say the doctrine is quite true, but it is impracticable to carry into effect. What a monstrous absurdity and enry 1 If the loving God does reign, of His laws are the laws not merely of the physical but of the moral universe, then there is a way of carrying His will into effect and a way of doing equal justice to all His creatures. (Applause.) It is, of course, in a civilisation like this of ours, utterly impossible to divide land into equal pieces, although it might have been possible in a primitive society such as that for whom the Mosaic Code was framed. "We have progressed, but we have not progressed nor can we progress beyond God's providence. (Applause.) There is a mode of securing the rights of all, not by dividing the land into equal pieces, but by taking for the use of all that value which attaches to land, not as the result of individual labour upon it, but as the result of the increase of population and the improvement of society. In that way every- one would be equally interested in the land of his native country. in the creative plan, if we would do justice, the natural advance of civilisation is the advance to a greater and greater equality instead of to a great and more and more monstrous inequality. "Thy kingdom corner" 