NEW SOUTH WALES MEMS. A gold-bearing reef, showing gold equal to 5 z. to the too, haa been found at King's Plains, five tniles from Blayney. The advisability of tbe construction of a co-operative dock in Sydney is being discussed by the principal shipping companies. Shearing will commence in the neighbourhood of Young early in September. The wool clip is expected to be the best and largest e?er known in the district. Mr. A B. Barton, B.A., of Cambridge, third eon of Mr. Russell Barton, of Sydney, has been cilled to the bar in London, and will shortly return to the colony to follow his profession. The Tamworth Bench has committed a man who was 92 yeara old for trial, on a charge of having attempted to commit suicide. The old man is blind in one eye, deaf, and very lame. The Gisborne (N.Z) Harbour Board are without funds to meet interest on their debentures, shortly due in England. Thin is said to be owing to a defect in the Act under which they work. Messrs. Lee, of Dagwortb, near Maitland, have just secured in Melbourne, for their breeding establishment, a celebrated roadster stallion named Harkaway, at a cost of 500 guineas. There is now, in the Free Public Library, Sydney, a total collection of 82,343 volumes. Of these 55,504 are in the reference branch, 23,921 in tbe lendiug branch, and 2918 in country libraries. Mrs. Stevenson, the mother of the distinguished novelist, speaking of her BOD'S plans of travel, says that Mr. Stevenson, after visiting the Carolines and Marshall Islands, intends to visit Sydney in December next. Mr, Melville, M.P., has given Mr. Haynes, M.P., to understand that if he continues certain alleged insinna'.iotjB, thehon. member will have the opportunity of interviewing their Honors the Supreme Court Judges. The Archdeacon of Bathurst has been presented with an address trom the clergymen of the diocese, who testify to the esteem in which he is held, and congratulate bim upon tbe manner in which be has performed his duties. Shearing is general throughout tbe Walgett 'district. Despite tbe fact that two of the stations employ 25 Chinamen, no disturbance has been reported. Trouble is feared at Hadden Bigg station, and police have been eent thither from Gilgandra. It is anticipated that tbe wool clip thiB season will be equal in bulk to that of laBt year. In tbe New England district the clip will perhaps be the best ever grown. The growth of tbe wool there has had no check, and tbe clip will be evenly grown, sound, and in heavy condition. The engineer of the Water Supply Department has been estimating what tbe population of Sydney will be 12 years hence. In 1879 it was 20<\609, and in 1889, 374,655. That ratio represents 6i per cent, per annum. The population Bhould thus double its present number in 12 years, and amount to 749,510. It is a mistake to suppose that white people are regarded as a delicacy by cannibal. An influential Maori member of tbe New Zealand Parliament says that be tried a chop out of a white man once, but tound the meat too salty, and his people, afier trying a lew stews of white men, returned to eating each other, and thereafter whites were safe. The local inspector of stock, Mr. M'Kerz'e, returned to Gundagai last week Irom an official visit to Adelong in connection with the reported outbreak of Cumberland disease among the cattle there. He found, however, that tbe disease was not Cumberland, but pleuro, and that the ownerB of the cattle bad bad them inoculated, since which none have died. Detective Officer Hinds left Sydney on Saturday, to bring back Edmund H. Taylor, of the firm of Starkey and Taylor, accountants. Taylor did busiueea in a very large way, and the amounts mislaid in his affairs are said to be enormous. He left Newcastle in the Pjrt Victor under the name of Thompson, and was arrested at Colombo. Berridale has some other privileges additional to that of being permitted to open a presbytery with a ball and supper, as is shown by this excerpt from a lor.al correspondent's letter in the district newspaper :—" The winter lambing has so far been a success, though the cold days of laBt week almost induced owners to postpone Bome until the spriup." A magisterial inquiry was held at Gulgong, by Mr. St. T. Bishop, on the body of Bridget Adams, which was found in the Cudgegong Biver. The deceased, who was the wife ot a miner, bad been tor Rome time wandering in her mind. A post- mortem examination was made by Dr. Bennett, wbo certified that tbe cause of death was aephyxia. A verdict of suicide while in a state of unsound mind was returned. Mr. James A. Qendrv has been enlightening the members of the St. Andrew's (Presbyterian) Literary Institute upon the subject of Sir tVa'ier Scott. In the course of his review of the Wizard of the North, he took occasion to point out that Sir Walter Scott was " ever a little of tbe antiquary." If the author of "Woodstock" and the rest was only "a bit of the antiquary " who are the tritonsamong such . minnows 1 Mr. Puttie has eent to thU (Herald) office a simple of a new form of indiarnbber pad for tbe hoofs of horses, which he saya is by far tbe beat pad he has Been, and apart from other properties will, he thinks, be a preventive against lameness from ringbone, &c.; He also asserts that the pads will last as long ae two sets of horses' shoes, and in addition, horses cannot slip on blocks, nor when galloping down hill on clay land. The carcase of an extraordinarily fat ewe on view recently at Messrs. Briiton and Donohoe's, Hay, which, when dressed, turned the scale at 1331b. The sheep was fattened on Mr. John Donohoe's selection, and its condition speaks volumes for the propitiousness of the present season. On view at the same establishment was seen the very heavy carcase of an Illillawa bred bullock, which weighei 10901b. Mr. Justice Kerferd gave bis decision on an application on behalf of Mr. Sydney Burdekin, who had been chairman in Sydney of the local board of directors of the Fire, Marine, and Accident Indemnity Company, Limited, which was now being wound up compulsorily. Mr. Burdekin was the holder of 2000 shares, and alleged that he had been induced to take the shares by misrepresentation. Tbe application was refused, with costs. It now appears that Miss Ackerman, the American temperance lectures*, has consented to comply with the requests that have been made to her to visit Sydney. At a reception given to her in Melbourne on Saturday, Miss Ackerman stated that it is her intention to spend three or four weeks in Melbourne, and to proceed to Sydney and Brisbane, after which she hopes to be able to visit India and Japan before returning to the United States. A rough way of ascertaining bow long money takes to double itself at compound interest in (says a correspondent of the Goulburn Herald) not generally kuown. Divide the number 70 by the rate per cent., and the quotient is the number of years in which any sum will double itself. Thus, at 5 per cent. 70 -i- 5 = 14, the number of years required. This is not correct as to weeks or days ; but for all practical purposes is sufficiently near the mark. Tbe functions of a colonial Governor are gradually growing wider and more complex instead of narrowing. His Excellency of New South Wales has aet an example. At Cootamundra last week he offered his hat as a receptacle for subscriptions towards tbe institution wbich he opened. Who could resist tbe honor, the siugular social privilege, of dropping his guinea into the hat of hia Governor, and under the approving eyes of his Excellency ? Even Sir Henry ParkeB must somewhat grimly smile at the frank admission of Mr. Fletcher last week. The hon. member for Newcastle remarked that he had been in favor of free, secular, aod compulsory education longer than the Premier, who retorted that he is not now in favor of it. Mr. Fletcher at once said that the Act was in danger, in consequence presumably of the Premier's change of opinion, which is placing Sir Henry Parkes's influence in politics surely too high. In a country town of New South Wales —Q'lirindi its name—what the • local newspaper terms a burglary boom, was summarily crushed. Thus : — " The leading hostlery, although kept by a widow, is not without its ' protection.' Many stalwart defenders are ready to s 6land by,' and so when, not many nights ago, a stocking-footed gentleman was found curiei up in a passage, he was taken well in hand, thrashed soundly, and then hunted up and down the main street for a healthy half-hour." The question of the use of unfermented wine at ihe communion table is causing some agitation at tbe Ravensborne Presbyterian Cburcb. In May last year (writes tbe Dunedin correspondent of thQ"New Zealand Herald) some of tbe communicants tound fermented wine was being used, and complained to tbe kirk session, as they refused to use fermented wioe. Out of respect to the pastor, Mr. Kelly, nothing was done, but now the charge is vacant those opposed to unfermented wine threaten to prevent au appointment being made unless their wishes are regarded. A telegram from Thursday Island notifies the wreck of the barque Windhover, bound from Newcastle to Batavia, at Bramble Bay on Tuesday night. AU hands were saved, and, after passing three days in an open boat, reached Thursday Island in safety. The vessel waB coal laden, and 10 days out from Newcastle. She was a composite-built vessel, of 847 ton?, owned by Messrs. J. Kerr and Co., of Greenock, and built there in 1868. She was 201 feet in length, with a beam of 34ft., and 19it. 8in. depth of hold. Captain Planck's wife and child were passengers. Mr. David Buchanan, in a letter headed "Protection and Sectarianism," takes that modest view of his own personality and political influence which is characteristic of him. He remarks :—" The only prominent public men I know as labourers in the cause during tbe last 20 years were Sir William Macle8y, Mr. Lucas, Mr. Melville, and myself. . . . But it is not in the least degree likely that the Itorr.an Catholics would ask such men as George Dibbs, James Fletcher, and David Buchanan to join them in a conspiracy to upset our public school system; They have been accustomed, the good people of Bega, to seeing the twopenny postman going his rounds amongst them in tbe unobtrusive manner of the famous American party who waited upon the Autocrat of All the Bussias. So, when the other day the very useful functfonary appeared in what the local newspaper terms a flariug red-coat, tbe inhabitants were disturbed in mind. There seems to have been some local commotion even, and at the pra>ent lime it is not known how the public of Bega will demean its«lf under the provocation of the red rag of the postman. Such a trait IB quite bucolic. AB the operations of the Railway Department extend, especially with the opening of new railways, the staff of employes will require to le considerably increased ; and in anticipation of this requirement the Commissioners have been considering a series of regulations under which all future employes will be admitted to the service. In Victoria all candidates for employment in the Railway Department are required to submit themselves to a competitive examination, and those who get the highest marks are selected for the vacancies. It is probable that a similar system will be introduced here. Tbe English language, even here, is being occasionally enriched by contributions from other languages. But a Bhort time ago we were edified by learning some of the argot ol the interesting persons who arrange bogus sales of furniture, which are termed Schlinier sales. Up at Murrurundi two Hebrews had a bit of a scrimmage over a promissory-note, when one called the other a " gonov." The man suffering under this shocking title summoned the other, and it was stated in evidence that this word is Hebrew for thief. The neologist was fined 40s. by an indignant magistrate. Such is the penalty which conservatism imposes upon innovations. They have the widest ideas of humour up at Warren, in the Dubbo district. A man who had tbe felicity to be a shearer, lmt the perversity not to be a unionist, was travelling to one of the sheds thereabout, when some well-meaning practical jokers impounded him. They took possession of him and his horse and detained them till next day, under threats of tying the owner np. With en obtuse sense of humor this man promptly proceeded against his chief captor, and bad him sent to gaol for three months to encourage the others. And this, in spite ot a learned and forcible address from an attorney to prove it was all humour ! From Dunlop we (Western Herald) hear thas '-be Wolseley shearing machines are doing excellent work for the season. Tbe rope gearirg, fixed upon a new principle, is not now giving any trouble. Tbe shearing of hoggets has been completed, the highest tally being 152 as against 120 last year, evidently pointing to smoother running on tbe part of the machines and a greater adeptness on tbe part of the men. At Toorale also the machines are doing good work, but here as at Kerribree and other stations an insufficient supply of the interchangeable parts of the cutters has proved a serious drawback, an insufficiency for which the company is appai ently responsible. The inquest on Edward Blakeway, a fettler, who died from the effects of a fall from the railway bridge at Carrick, disclosed some painful circumstances. Blakeway, who was conscious when found, stated that he heard the train behiud him. He walked on, and stepped off on to what he thought was the embankment, and fell to tbe road below. He thought he waB at the end of the bridge. In falling he appears to have struck a fence or post, as he had a wound on his bead. His spine and several ribs and right thigh were fractured. Tbe accident happened early in the evening, and the poor fellow lay all night in this condition. A verdict of accidental death was returned. At Dural it seems to be necessary that such exemplary youths as attend the meetings of the literary and debating club should make preparations for self-defence. In point of fact, judging by a paragraph in one of tbe district newspapers, it would bo a good thing to es tiblish a boxing club in connection with the literary one. A young man was returning lately from the scene of wordy strife, armed (the newspaper ca'mly observes) with a short biton loaded with lead, BB it attendiog a mock Parliament with a knuckle-duster somewhere in your equipment was the most usual and natural of events. The young man needed his loaded baton, for be had to deal with several opponents. The following cheerful notice has been issued by a committee of well-meaning religious persons at Kempsey, accordijg to a local newspaper :—" Summons. New South Wales, Kempsey, To wit. To . You are hereby commanded that, all excuses being 1-iid aside, you be, and appear in your own proper person, before the High Court of Heaven, on the day of at of the clock, to give an account of the deeds done in the bodv, for then and there shall thy soul be required of thee. Given under my hand and seal this day of , 188 . (Signed) DEATH." About as like stupid blasphemy ae can be imagined. It is not, as we understand, perpetrated by the Salvation Army either, The Railway Commissioners have accepted a tender for the supply of 24 new railway carriages to be fitted with lavatories and other conveniences necessary for long j ourneys. The carriages are designed on a new style. The Commissioners are desirous of having the new stock as soon as possible, and have impressed this fact on the builders. Tenders were called on Monday last for 20 new tramcars, but as the tenders were not satisfactory, fresh tenders are now being invited. The Commissioners are endeavoring to gradually replace the old stock by a new and more modern class of vehicle. They intend also to have automatic breaks fixed on all the goods vehicles, so that in the event of the coupliugt breaking the risk of au accident will be reduced to a minimum. The Brisbane Courier states that the Comm'esioner of Police has received information that a man named Carl Scbil'ing was accidentally killed at Yadina on the 16 h instant. It appears Schilling was a Bub-contractor for Messrs. Schilling and Co., the railway cortractors for the second and third sections of the North Coast railway, and was felling trees in the scrub for timber for box drains. A mau named Meurig was felling a tree about 20 yards from the spot where Schilling was working, and just before the tree fell he called to Schilling that tbe tree was about to fall. Schilling replied, " It is all right; there is no danger." The tree, in falling, knocked down a sapling about 6in. in diameter, and this struck Schilling on the head, killing him instantaneously. The deceased was a married man with three children, and resided at Beenleigb, where he had a selection. A singular occurrence took place at the Forbes police conrt laBt week. An old negro named Taylor, in giving evidence in the case Murphy v. Allen, refused to have an oath administered, stating that he would "donothing that was bad," nor would he take the book in his hand because he said he could not read. After a deal of persuasion on the part of the administering magistrate, Taylor made a statement, but still refused to take the oath, as by doing so be might" get off the narrow track." Once or twice when being questioned by the P.M. he would repeat one of bis favonrite strains, and one that has been often heard by Bome of the localises. " S'ftnd hack, SataD, don't you come a-n'gh me, for I'll fight you night and day, Old Man." The poor old fellow behaved in a curious manner during the whole of the proceedings, and appeared to be perfectly sincere. He is peculiar to say the 'east of it. The Sydney Daily Telegraph states :—" The Fisheries Commissioners have received between 5000 and 6000 trout ova from the Fish Acclimisatisation Society of Ballarat, Victoria. The ova are placed in a trough through which the water runs at a temperature of irom 50deg. to 521eg. The morniDg the ova arrived 34 died, 12 next morning, and the morning following four succumbed. The eggs generally look very healthy, and are advancing rapidly, matters thus progressing very satisfactorily. It is expected that tbe eggs will take from 25 to 30 days for them to reach the alevin stage and then after another months or six weeks they will develop into fry or small fish. It will then be possible to move them into ponds. It is hoped that the endeavors that are being made to secure ponds at Upper Picton will by that time be successful, and that the small fish may then be moved into these ponds as their future and more abiding home. The colony is much indebted to the liberality of the society at Ballarat for the ova." The adjourned meeting of the Goulburn council dealt with the report of the special committee appointed to investigate tbe causes of the non-receipt of the Government endowment for the years 1887 and 1888, and .which recommended that the town clerk be asked to resign. Mr. Salmon, the town clerk, handed in a written statement, in which le took upon himself all the..responsibility, and asked to be leniently deait with out of consideration for his long service and his age, and stating that he was willing to have his salary reduced by j£60 per annum to pay the interest on tbe subsidy lost through him. A motion that the proposal of Mr. Salmon be accepted only met with two supporters. The msjority of the council, although regretting the necessity for their attitude, expressed their inability to shirk their duty. The report was, therefore, adopted, acd pending tbe. engagement of another clerk, the entire system of tbe town ball will be revised with a view to reducing the present excessive expenditure for clerical work. The Premier of Tasmania, acting upon tbe suggestion of the Chief Inspector of Sheep, recently asked for tbe views of the Queensland Government as to the desirableness of arranging for another Intercolonial Stock Conference, to be held in Melbourne on an early date, U> which the Premier of Qieensland has replied, stating that he does not see tbe necessity for tbe proposed conference, the various Governments being already in possession of all necessary information ou subjects likely to be discussed, and the results of previous conference being sufficient for guidance in whatever action the Governments may think fit to take respecting the matters complained of by tbe Chief Inspector of Sheep for Tasmania, viz., importation of sheep from countries infected with scab, and importation of swine from foreign countries. Mr. Morehead adds that his Government, with ^ tbe Governments of Victoria and New South Wales, is at present engaged in negotiating with a view to inducing Western Australia to alter its regulations re imported stock to those in force in the other Australian colonies. The decision of the bench of magistrates et Deniliqnin in the case of the union shearer, Carr, charged with assaulting Mr. Froom, tbe manager of the Wanganella station (says " Bruni" in the Australasian) has excited a strong feeling of disgust in the minds of all who have any knowledge of rural matters. For nnprovoked insult acd violence wbich nearly went to the length of murder the ruffian Carr waB only sentenced to one month's imprisonment. Had Carr succeeded in his attempt to force the horses over tbe side of the bridge, Mr. Froom and the hoy who was with him might have been drowned. Indeed, from all I can learn, this was very nearly happening, as one wheel of the buggy went over the edge of tbe bridge in the struggle. It is difficult to understand on what ground the magistrates arrived at the conclusion that a month iD prison was an adequate punishment for such en unprovoked offence. This decision will have a t<ad effect on the rowdy portion of the shearers in Riverina, as it will encourage them in their opinion that they are masters of the situation. A Mr. John Evans, of Sydney, has discovered what he thinks is a sovereign remedy for diphtheria and other throat affections of a similar nature. You put a half teaepoonful of c iy enue pepper in a glass of water, add as much burnt alum as will cover a sixpence, stir up, and use as a gargle. The alleged effect is that you make it eo inconveniently hot for the disease germs in your gullet that they incontinently give up the ghost and the malady disappears. Mr. EvanB Bays that the discovery ot this panacea came to him as an inspiration. He tried it on a pet cockatoo that was afflicted with the mumps. The next day the bird re- covered. COvereu. ma, May be, however, that had he left the cockatoo alone tbe result would have been tbe same. Most members ot tbe inferior creation know very well how to doctor themselves. Tbe iguana, if bitten by a snake, chews the leaves of a certain plant and defies his adversary. Cats are known habitually to eat grass for the benefit of their digestions, and tbe common house sparrow, when troubled with constipation, perchts himself on a telegraph wire during the transit ot a message." Four tobacconists appeared in the Newcastle police court recently, charged with selling betting tickets on the consultation system, there being a second charge of permitting their premises in each case to be used illegally tor the purposes of betting. AH the accused pleaded guilty. Their solicitor, Mr. W. Sparke, contended that there was no more harm in making wagers on horee rac<6 whin laid iu tobacconists' shops than when made on ract courses or in sporting clubhouses. Therefore, as these shops were not gambling-houBes in the sense specified in the Betting-houses Suppression Act, hia clients should be dealt with leniently. The bench remarked that offerees of this class were dealt with severely in Sydney, but these being the first in Newcastle the lowest penalty, £5 and coBts in each case, would be inflicted. This was equal to £10 and c< e s lor each defendant. The names of the accused were : Robert Beales (representing Messrs. Buckeridge and Beales), A. W. Hudson, Divid Newman, and A. D. Robinson. Several policemen in plain clothes had purchased sporting tickets, and laid the information in each case, A sculling contest of some importance was decided on the Parramatta championship course on Friday afternoon, in the presence of a goodly number of spectators. The competi tors were a New Zealand sculler, named Stephenson, and Joe Kemp, brother to the excbauipion, Peter Kemp, the race being for £100 a side. The former scaled list. 71b, and tbe latter list. 81b. The conditions of wind, tide, and weather were favorable for sculling, the race being rowed on tbe last of the ebb. Stephenson won the choice of stations. Both men were in excellent condition. They got away to a grand start, effected by mutual consent, and rowed very last for the first half mile. Stephenson obtained a decided lead at the mile point, which he reached in doiip. 43sec., and from this out Kemp never caught him, although he made several plucky attempts to overhaul his opponent. Stephenson, who is an indifferent sculler, but possesses considerable strength and great courage, eventually passed the winning beacon four leng hs ahead of Kemp, the time for tbe distance—3 miles 330 yards—being 20 minutes 24£ seconds. Kemp showed very good form, but was unable to get sufficient pace out of his boat. In connection with the matter of Australian dtfer ce the Government recently applied to the Imperial Government, through hia Excellency the Governor, for the grant of an ironclad—one of inferior speed, which might be well spared by the British Government, but which at the same time would answer the rcquin merits of this colony. It was pointed out by the Government that the harbour of Sydney, from its central situation as a strategical point in any complete echerue of Australian defence could hardly be equalled, and that if a ship ot tbe description indicated could be obtained it would be maintained at the expense of tbe Government aa a naval training ship, with all the appliances kept in readiness to convert her into a floating battery, effectively manned, in time of need. It was also stated that we possessed a fine body of 500 men, trained in the art of naval warfare, whose proficiency would be much stimulated by the possession of a ship of this character, and that we had an almost unlimited supply of young men lor recruits. The Government have offered to pay the expense of bringing the ship out, and of her maintenance in good order in these waters. The following is a paragraph from the Walgeil News ot tbe 24th inst., in which the writer pours out tbe emotions of a grateful heart for having been a«ked to a " party " :— "Mrs. , ot River View, gave a dancing party on Monday evening last to a considerable nnmber of her young lady and gentlemen friends of the town and district. How much tb^y are indebted to her lor the thoroughly ei j -yable manner in which they discussed the evening's programme of hospitality is a great deal easier felt than expressed, but courtesy would he lacking on our part if we failed to give that expression of tbanks in words which was so amply testified to in the deed as an-event, among the many of lire's reminiscence, to be cherished in the light of an oasis in the great desert of the past where memory still may sojourn and refresh the sometime present weariness of life. Glad to come and loath to go away, it was considerably beyond tbe small hours of the morning before the happy party dispersed." Judging by the mix^dneBs of the paragraph, especially towards the centre, and the extreme, sentimentalism of it as a whole, it is highly probable that tbe writer penned it immediately after he got home, "considerably beyond the small hours of the morning." An inquest was held by the District Coroner on Saturday (says the Newcastle Herald), at the residence of Mr. John Hannell, upon the bodies of the two young men, Martin and Henry Carroll, who were killed on the railway line near Hexham on Friday ni^ht by being run over by a stock train. It appeared that the gatekeeper at Hexbam, who ie quite a lad, bad warned them to look out for a passenger train that was coming, and they stepped over frQm the d o w n line of rai,8 to the tracb. At that time the Btock train wa8 aboa* 70 yards distant. The gatekeeper stated that he had time to have shown them the red light as a warning, but knowing the danger they were in he was led away by the excitement of the moment, and the two brothers met their death. It was a matter of doubt, however, whether the lad could have saved them. He then hastened over to Mr. Hannell's house and apprised them of what had occurred, and tbe remains were gathered up. The young men, it seemed, had used the railway line instead of the Maitland-road on account of the bad state it was in owing to recent rains, making it impassable for foot passengers in some places. The jury returned a verdict of accidental death, and added a rider to the effect, that had tbe Maitland-road been iu pood order the accident would not have occurred. 