THE DEATH SHIP- A STIIANOMO STORY ; AN- AOCJOUNT OF A URUIHIi IN TIIB FLYING DUTOIIMAN. COLLECTED FROM TUB PAPERS OK TUB LATE MIL GEOFFREY KENTON, OP POPLAR, MASTER MARINER. BY W. CLAIUC 11USSELL, Author of " Tho Wreck of tho Grosveuor," "The Golden Hope," «fcc., Are. ' All iUghls itcflcrved. l CHAPTER, XXXIII. My Life is Attempted. Heading out to «ca nfreH). Once ngnln pointing the ship'n beak for tho solitude of the ocean and stuniug as it might bo on a new struggle that was to end iu ntorm and defeat, in tho heavy belaboring of the groaning struc ture by giant (urges mid in a sickening helpless drift of God nlono kuew how uiauy leagues ere the sky brightened into blnencss onco more. Hover had I so strongly felt the horror and misery of the fate which Vandcrdcckcn's hellish impiety bad brought down upon his ship and her company ot mariners as now, when I saw the yards braced up 011 tho starboard tack and tbo vested laid with her head to the somh and west. The fresh wind seemed to shriek tbo word " Forever 1" in her rigging, ami the ocho was drowned in tbe wild sobbing sounds that rose out of each long, yearning wash of the Bea along her dimly-ginning bends. Shortly after midnight the wind freshened, and it came on to blow with some weight. I had been in my cabin un hour, lying there broad awake, being rendered extraordinarily uneasy by ray thoughts. Tho sea had grown hollow and the ship plunged quickly and- sharply with a heavy thunderous uorae of spurned ami foam ing waters all about her. It was sheer misery lying intensely wakeful in that doiolato cabin, that would havo boon as pitchy black as any ancient castle dungeon) but for the glimmering lights, which .wore so much more terrible than t.lic profoundest shade of blackness could bo. that had there been any hole iu the ship where the phosphor did not glow I would cheerfully luvu carried my hod to it, ay, even if it had been iu tho bottom of the fore-peak, or in tho thickest of tho mid night of tlie hold. Tho ruts squeaked, the bulkheads and ceilings seemed alive with crawling glow- worms, groans us of dying, cries as'of wounded unen, sounded out of the in terior in which lay stowed the popper, mace, spices ami other Indian commodities of a ficight that was hard upon 150 years old ! I crawled into my clothes by feeling for them and groped my way on to the poop. The skv was black with low-flying clouds, from tho spending rims of which a star would now and again glance like tlie flash of a filibuster's fusil from the dark shrubbery of a mountain elope. But there was so much roaring Bpume and froth nil about the ship, that a dim radiance aa of twilight hung in the air, and I could see to us high a< tbo topmast heads. I stepped at once to the binnacle without noticing who had the watch nud found the ship's head south-mmi by south. I could not suppose tho ancient mngnetshoueU the quarters accurately, but allowing for a westerly varia tion of 30 degrees, tho indication camo near euough to satisfy me that the wind waa as it had been ever since the night I first entored this ship— -right iu our teeth for the passage of the Cape ; and that though wo might be slug gishly washing throu-zh it closehnuled, we wore also driving away broadside ou, making a clean bdamlcourse for thc|hc.irt of the mighty Southern Ocean. This vexed and harassed me to tbe soul, and occasioned in mo so lively a sympathy with tho rage that adverse gales had kindled in Vandur- rieckcn, that had he contented himself witn merely damning the weather instead of flying in the face of the Most High and behaving like some foul fiend, I should have deeply pitied him and considered hi;? ci»se the hardest ever heard of. The mainyani was lowered and a row of meu were silently knotting the rcftf-poitiL?. The topgallant sails had been handed, reefs tied in the topsails, -and tho vessel looked prepared for foul weal her. But though the wind blew smarlly, with weight in its pints and plenty of piping and screaming and whistling of it aloft, there was no marked stonninass of aspect in the heavens, sombre and sullen as was the shadow that ringed tbe sea line, and fiercely as tlcw the black clouds out of it iu the north-west ? and with this appearance 1 essayed to console myself as I stood near the mi/.zen shrouds ga/.ing about, me. Beeing a figure standing near the larboard shrouds I stepped over and found it to be Van Vogelaar. My direct approach made snnic sort of accost a formal necessity ; but I little loved to speak with ibis man, whom I considered as wicked a rascal as over went to sea. " These nor'-wcstvrs are evil winds, nivnhcer, ' said I, "and in this sea thoy appear to havo the vitality of easterly gales in Kuglatul. What is the weather to be like ? For my part I think we shall find a quieter utinonphcro before dawn." 3to was some timo in answering, feigning to watch the men reefing the mainsail, though by the light of the white water I could catch the gleam of his eyes fixed upon mo uskuut. "What brings yon on deck at this hour ?" said he, iu hit rasping, surly voice. I answered, quietly, that feeling wakeful and hearing the wind I rose to view the woutber for myself. "A sailor is supposed to rest the better for ; tho rocking of seav and the crying of wind," said lie, with a mocking, contemptuous tone in his accents. "That saying la intended no doubt for the Dutch seamen : the English mariner nobly shines as a nailer in his own records, but you will admit, sir, that he is ucvor so huppy us when he is ashore " " .Sir," I replied, suppressing my rising temper with n very heavy effort, "I fear you must have suffered somewhat at the hands of tho English sailor that you should never let slip a chance to discharge your venom at him. I am English, and a Kuilor too, and I should be pleased to witness some better illustrations of Dutch courage than the insults you offer to n man who stands defenceless among you, and must be beholden, therefore, wholly to your courtesy." Ho said, in a sneering, scornful voice, " Our courtesy 1 A member o: a dastardly crew that would have assassinated me and my iiiiiu with their small arms, hath a great claim upon our courtesy !" "I was aft, ami ignorant of tho intentions of the men when that thing was douo," said I, rcaolvod not to be betrayed iuto heat, let tho struggle to keep calm cost what it would. To (his he made no reply, then, afterapanac, paid in a mumbling voice, as if lie would and yet would not have me hoar him, " I brought a curse into tlie ship when I handed you over the side ; tho devil craved for ye, and I should havo let you sink into his maws. By tho holy sepulchre, there aro many in Amsterdam who would have me keel hauled, did thev know this hand had saved the lifo of an Englishman I" And he tossed up his right hand with a vehement gesture of rage. I was a stoutly built fellow, full ol living and healthy muscle, and I do solemnly alllrm that it would not have cost mc oue iustaut of quicker breathing to havo tossed this brutal and insnlting anatomy over tho rail. But it was not only that I fonred any exhi bition of temper in me might end in my murder. I folt that in tlie person of this ugly and malignant mate I rliould be dealing with n sentence that forbade his destruction, that must prccerve him from injury, and that. rendered .him as superior to human vengeance as if his hody'hftd boen lifeless. And wiiat were bis in sults but a kind of posthumous scorn, as idle and contemptiblo as that inscription upon a dead Dutchman's grave in Rotterdam, in which tho poor Holland corpse, after 80 years of decay, goes on telling tlie world that, iu his opinion, Britons are poor creatures. I held my peace, and Van Vogelaar wont to the break of tho poop, whence he could bettor 860 what tho men were doing upon the main- yard. The enmity of this man made me feel very unhappy. I wns never sure what mis chief lie meditated, and tho sense of my helplessness, the idleness of any resolution I might form in the faco of the supernatural life that encompassed me. made the living mid night seem inexpressibly dreary and dismal ; and the white foam of the sea, carry ing the eye to the ehonr cloud-girdle that belted tho horizon, suggested distances so prodigious that the heart suuk to the sight of them ua to thoughts of eternity. I was runuing my gaze slowly over the weather seaboard, whence came the cndloss procession of ridged billows like incalculable hosts of blackmailed warriors with whits pluuios flying ami steam from the uostrils of tlioir steeds boiling and pouring before them, and phosphoric lights upon them like tho shining points of couched spnars, when methought a dim pallid shadow, standing just under a star that was lloaiing a moment holwixt two flying chorea of cloud, was n Rhip ; and the better to seo I sprang on to the rail about abreast of tho helmsman, for my support catching hold of Rome stout rope that ran transversely out of the darkness amidships. What gear it was I never stopped to consider, but gripping it with my left hand, swayed to erect upon tho rail, whilst with my right I sheltered ray eyes against the smart ing raiu of spray, and stared at what I guessed to he a saii. I have said that the cream ing and foaming of the waters flung from tho vessel's Hides and hows made a light in tho air, and the sphere of my night included a space of tho poop-deck to right and left of me, albeit my gaze was fastened upon tho distant nhadow. AU on a fiuddon the end of the rope I grasped was thrown off tho pin to which it was be layed and I fell overboard, 'Twuh instan taneous ! And so marvellouHly swift in thought that I recollect even during that lightnlug- liko plungo thinking how icy cold tho nca would bo and how ricnp my divo from I ho great height of the poop-rail. But iu- Htsad of striking tho water tho weight of mo swung my body intojjtho mizzon-clmnncls by tho rope my left hand desperately gripped: I fell ahn03t softly against a nhrdud, coming down to a great dead-eye there and dropped in a sitting posture iu the ohanuel itself, which to ho sure was a wide platform to windward and therefore lifted very clear of tho sea, npito of the ship's weather rolls. My heart beat quickly, but I was safo ; yet a moment after I had liked to have perished, Indeed, for the ropo 1 mecha nically grasped was all at once torn from my finger's with so savage a drag from some hand on deck that nothing hut. tho pitting of my knoo against a dead-nyo preserved iuo from heing tweaked into the hissing cauldron beneath. I could see tho rope plainly enough as it was tautened, through tho pallid atmonjibcro and against tho winking of tho stars, sliding from ono wing of vapor to another, and perceived that it was the main-braco, the lowering of tho yard for reefing the sad having brought it within reach of my arm. Then, with this, there grow in mc a consciousness of my having noticed a figure glide by me whilst I stood ac tho rail, and putting there things together I gueesod that Van Yogclnar, having observed my posture had sneaked aft to where tho main-hrnce— that was formed of a pendant aud whip— was made fast and had let go of it, never doubting that, as I leaned 'against it. ho by Ins whipping the end off the pin it would let mo fall overboard I I was terribly enraged by ithis cowardly 'at tempt upon my life and was for climbing in board at onro and man-handling him, ghost, or no ghost 5 thou changed my mind and ntayed a bit un the channel coneiiloring what T. should do. Thin veins of fire crawled upon tills nged platform ns upon all other parts of the ship, but tho shrouds coming thick with leather chafing-gear to ihe ucad-eyes made such a juuible Of black shapes that I wa very sure Van Vogelaar could not seo mo if he should take it iuto his head to peer down over the rail. After casting about in my mind, the deter mination I. arrived at was to treat my tumble from the rail as an accident, for 1 very honestly believed thin— that if I should complain to Yauch'rdoeken of bis mate's minacious inten tion J would not only harden tho deadly malignity nf that ghastly rullian's hatred of tup, inasmuch that it might come to # his 'stabbing1 mo in my sleep, I but it might cud in putting such fannies into tho captain's head us should make him desire my destruction and arrattgo with his horrid lieutenant to pro cure it. Indeed, I had only to think of Ani- boyna and the brutal character of the Dutch of those timoi, and remember that Vandcrdeeken and bis men belonged to that age and woulp therefore havo tho savagery which 159 years of civilisation, arts and letters havo somewhat abated in tho Hollanders, to determine mo to move with very groat wariness in this matter. But I had been dreadfully near to death and could not Kpoedilv recollect myself. The white beads'of tha nurges leapr-d, boiled and snapped under the chauncls, like wolves thirsting for my blood, and tho crying of the wind among the shroud?, In whose shadows I sat, and the sounds it made a.) it coursed through the dark night uud split shrilly upon the ropes and spars high up in tbo dtrai: rati, echoes iuto those raving waters below which made them as milch wild beasts to the car ns they looked to tho eye. But little good could cotno of my sitting and brooding in that niizzcn-channel : so, being iu no mood to meet the villain Van Vogelaar, I very cautiously rose, and with tho practised hand of a sailor crawled along tho lap of tho covering-board, holding by the rail but !:eeping my bead out of sigh', and reached t lie main- chains, whence I dropped on to tho deck unseen among the tangled tliickne.4.4 ot the rhronds, ami slided as stilly as the ghostliest man among tliut ybuMly ciew could tread to my cabin. CHAPTER XXXIV— My Sweetheart's Joy. 1 Once asleep I slept heavily, and it war. 2d minutes past the breakfast hour by the timo I was ready |to leave the crazy and groaning uun gcon that nerved mc for a lied room. I entcrae the cabin, but hud scarcely rando two steps when there Rounded a loud cry in a girl's voice, half of terror, half of joy— a fdiriel: o startling for lire passions it expressed that it brought me to a »Wd stand. It was Imogene. L aw her jump from her seat, make a gonture with her arms nr. though alio would fly to me, thou bring boih hands violent! v to her heart with a loud hvslcrical " ha ! ha !" as if she could only find breath in some such unnatural note of laughter, whilst, she r-toud .-taring at me with straining eyes that filled her violet beauty with a light like that of madness. The clock struck ihe half-hour us rhi cried, and tha ocho of her voice aud the deep, hum ming vibration of Lho bell wore followed by tho parrof's diabnlical croak : " My Zgn all Vtrhmtl" " God in Heaven !" exclaimed Yandordcckon in a tone deep with amazement, "I thought that man was drowned !" It was a picture of consternation that I should not luivo dreamt to expect in men who had outlived life, and in whom you would not think of seeking qualities and emotious out- sido those which wore necessary to the execu tion of their sentence. Vanderdccken, leau- ing forward at the head of the table upon his great hands, tho fingers of which Hvcro stretched out, glared at me with a frown of astonishment ; I'rius — whoso at tendance upon urn in my cabin had long been limited to his placing a bucket oi saltwater at my door without entering — Drills, I say, arrested by my entry' whilst in tbo act of filling a cup of wine for tlie captain, watched with a ,yawn of wonder, uud stood motionless as though blasted by a stroka of lightning; whilst Van Vogelaar, with his head ;upon his shoulder, the blade of the knife with which he bad been exiting forking straight up out of his fist that lay like a paralysed thing upon the table, eyed mo with aaunk cbiu and under , a double fold of brow ; ids levol, enchained stare full of fear and cruelty and passion. I saw how it was, and giving the captain a bow and my darling n smile, I went to my place at the table and sat down. Van Vogelaar shrank as I pusiod hint, keeping his eyes upon ma as a cat follows tho .motions of it dog ; and when I seated myself lie fell away by tho length of his arm, dropping his knife and fork and watching mc, lrnogcnc, breathing deeply, re sumed her seat ; nothing but Vanrierdcckcui's auiazfttucut hindered him from observing her agitatiuu, which was of a nature he could not possibly have mistaken, if, indeed, he still pos sessed the capacity of distinguishing such emotions as love. She merely said, letting out her words in a tremulous sigh: "O Geoffrey, thank God I thank God!" Tho food in front of her was untastcd ; but what grief there had been iu her face before wan lost iu the con fusion of feelings which worked in her loveiiiieFS with a vitality that raado her red and whito in tho same moment. »She repeated under her breath to herself : " Thauk God ! thank God I" This, while the others stared- I turned to Van Vogelaar. " Mynheer," said I, "you regard me with astonishment," Tie shrank a Iittlo further yet, and after a pause, said, " Aro you man or devil y" "Captain Vanderdccken," said I, "has your mate lost his reason ?" On this Van Vogelaar cried out: "Captaiu, by the Holy Trinity .1 nwear it was as I havo reported. Thin Englishman, after prowling 011 deck last night in the early hours of tho middle watch, sudd on lv clambered on to the rail, for what purpose I know not, and leaned hi weight against the starboard main-brace, the sail then reefing. 1 looked round — on turning again ho was gouo i nud Nicholas Uoultshausen, who was at tho lielin, swore ho saw him rise black upou tho white eddies of the wake." Vamiordeekon frowningly questioned me with his eyes. I should havo been acting a sillier part ihun a fool' to havo jolted with these men : besides, I had long since resolved to bo plain. " Hcrr Van Vogelaar," said I, "doubtless refers to my haviug fallen into theSweather inizzen channel last night from the rail, whilst peering at what I believed to be a Rtiip. Tho main-brace, upon which L had put my hand to steady myself, yielded very suddenly," and hero I&hota; loole at the mate, " but I fell lightly, and after sitting a little to recover my breath, made my way to mv cabin." Van Vogelaar's deathlikeOface darkened. An oath or two rattled in his throat, and returning to his old posture ho fell to tha meat upon his plato with tha ferocity of some starving boast, insomuch that the veins about hiu forehead stood out like pieces of cord. Tho feelings with which Vanderdccken re ceived my explanation' I could not gather. Ifo gazed hard at mo with fiery oye3, ns though mistrusting me he sought to burn his Right down to my heart, and then slowly resuming his knifo and fork, went on with his brcaklast in his familiar truuce-like way, muto as a dead man. I constantly exchanged glances with Imo- gone, but held my peace siucu sho remained silent. She struggled to compose her face, hut her joy at my presence shone through hnrmask of reserve, twitching tlie corners of her mouth into faint Rinilea and dancing in her eyes like nunshino 011 the ripples of a sapphire pool. Her love for me spoku more in this quiet delight than she could have found room for in a thousand words. How sweet and fair she looked ! Tho light of her heart lay with a fair rosincss upon her cheeks, which had been ns palo as marble when she had risen with her shriek and laughter to my first coming. Prosontly Van Vogelaar left the cabin, going out scowling and talking to himself, but not offering so much as to glance at me. There was a pieo of hung meat on tlie table, of what animal I did not know; it proved indifferent good eating. This and some cakes mndo of iiour, with agohh-t of sherry and wulor, formed my breakfast. I nt:? slowly, knowing that Vandordeckcn would not smokn whilst 1 break fasted, and wishing to tiro him away, that Imogcno and I might havo tho cabin to our- solves. But my stratagem was to no purpose. Ho started suddenly from Ids waking dream — . if, indeed, it was to bu credited that any sort of intellectual faculty stirred in him when ho lapsed into those cataleptic stillnesses— and bade Prins go aud get up somo of the tobacco thoy had removed from the wreck, uud then erecting his figure and stroking down his hoard, ho looked from mo to Itnogene, ami hack to mo again, and said, "The weather promises to mend, but this wind must come from u witch's mouth, and a witch of deep and ste.ulv lungs, hope you may not have brought us 'ill-luck, uir ? " "I hope not," said I, shortly. "There aro malign stars in the heavens," ho continued, in a voice that trembled richly upon tho gilr, like the waving echoes of j some deep, throated .melodious bell, J "and there mo men born undor them. North of tho Baltic, or Muscovite territory, Is a nation of wretches who can bewitch the winds and sail their ships through 'coutrary gules. Thoy are not far re moved from Britain," said be, siguificuntly. " They are us close to Holland, mynheer," said I. " Oh, captain I" cried Imogene, "you do not wish to say that Mr. Fentou has had a hand in the fixing of this wiml ?" JIo leaned his forehead upon his elbow, and stretching forth his other haml, drummed lightly on thctablo with his long, leun leprous- colored fingers as ho spoke. MVhy, Mynheoi Fcuton, Mias Dudley must allow that a curious luck attends you. ILow mauy of a crew went to your ship?" " Forty, sir." " Mark your star ! Of 40 men, you alone fall overboard ! But fortune goes with you, nud you are rescued by Van Vogelaar Observe again I Of 40 men you alone are deli vered into a ship whoso nation is ut war with yours! Yet fortuno still attends you and you are hospitably received, yea, even mude welcome and clothed and fed and boused." I bowed. "More yet I Last night you fell from the bulwark-rail. What sorcery is it that sways you iuto the mizzeii channel and nruieutly, un seen, to your bed? Nicholas Houltfthansen is noted among us for his shrewd sight. Did not be n wear he saw you riso black after your plungo among tho froth of tho ship's wake? What was it that he beheld? Can the soul shed its body a3 the butterfly its skin and yet appear clothed, substantial, real as flesh and .blood?" ' I exactly explained that accident," said I, "If there bo sorcery in my having the luck to tnrablo into a ship's mlzzen-chains in stead of the water, then am Iu witch fit for a broomstick and a grinding moon 1" (To be continued). 