UNCLE EBEN'S GHOST. " I hope I don't intrude," said the Menagerie Man. Sniupper was just ready at Valley Farm. Savory fried ham; each brown slice topped off by 'the golden sphere f an ego, fresh crnllers; apple sauce and new bread ; and the family, comfort ably seated, stared with all their eyes as the tall, gaunt showman came in, bringing a gust of frosty nitlht air with him. "Set by, stranger, set by," raid Jonathan Crofton, who was a regular Arab in point of hos pitality, and would have invited Beelzebub himself to supper if that much vililied personage had chanced to pass by at a meal time. " Take a bite " " Not as I want's to beg." said thelMenagerie Alan, apologetically. "I pays my way where ever I goes. It aint as I'm poor, ladies and gentlemen," with a comprehensive obeisance around the hoard. "But them taverns does charge so like the Old IIarry, and no man likes to he swindled." " Bless me," said airs. Crofton, who had risen to get an extra cup and saucer, " if it aint the funny chap as we saw at the ciros, as ran a race with the monkey and cracked pe.anutswith-his head inside the tiger's mouth." "The wery same, ma'an," said the stranger," his grimn visae relaxing into a smile. "Let the ladies alone for finging out anything, bless their dear hearts ! Yes 'm, I'm the chap. Signor Recardo.Lesiardi, ma'am, at yourservice. Born in the State of Maine, and baptized Azariahl Black. And if you lhain't no objections to it, ma'am, I'll be glad to lodge here to-night. We're on the move, ma'am, me and the menagerie. And I've hired Squire Dennison's btrn to lock up the ereeturs in, and we're calculatin' to jog on to morrow inornin' at three o'clock, so as the farm hands and little boys along the road sha'n't get a gratis view of the wild animals." " You're welcome, stranger - you're wel come," said Mr. Crofton, regarding his visitor not without a certain awe; for the man who was familiar with tigers, and handled leopards and panthers like so many tame cats, must surely be different from the rest of the hlmnu race; and the Menagerie Alannate and drank withn n appe tite which gratified Mrs. Crofton's housewifely pride in no common degree. " Yours is a queer trade, stranger," the farmer observed, over his after-supper pipe. "It's quecr," assented Mr. Lesiardi Black, staring meditatively into the fire. " But then, the whole world is queer, aint it, now 1 ' "?Iaybe, maybe," grunted M[r. Crofton. "'I was brung up a carpenter," said the Mrenagerie ?an; " but somehow me and the hammer couldn't never agree. Then I tried the travelling grocery business, and lost money in it; and then one evening I flipped up apenny whether I should go and drown myself in the canal or go to the circus. Tails won, and I :koi'ed lthat night as I'd discovered the problem of myi destiny." I engaged with the circus; and TIve stuck to it ever since, and now I'm boss of the whole concern." M-''tak6 much money at it, chI" said the 'farmers--------- t .. "Bless you, sir-yes. And lose too," said the Menagerie Man," with' a good- humoured shrug of the shoulders. "There's downs as well assups inthe world, take it how:you:will It's the best way to take things easy." ".' That's just what I always said to my uncle Eben," said Mr. Crofton, with a stentorian sigh. " But he couldn't see it in that light, somehow. NIo lost a deal of money in Western laonls, and he cut his throat." "' Do tell I" said the Menagerie Man. " You may have passed the house, a half-mile orco down the glean," said r. Crofton. "An nold, ono-storyredhoese with a big'chimney stack and a' lot of lilock bushes growin' at the- kitchen door.? " And a groe o' pines back on 't," nodded the Menagerie-Alan. f-'Bless your heart, yes, I passed it, and a queer-looking place it -was; with 'the trees a.reekin' and a-groanin' in the wind,. and a strange dog a-howlia' on the dooistep. "It'sogot a bad -name through the country side," said MIr. Crofton, dejectedly.. ' Eh 1i "said ithe ltenaserie Man, opening his eyes. "N' ot-- lanittet I l"rHaOnted,". nodded Mrs. Crofton. "Folks does say as the ghost tinimis up and down the rooms and looks out o' winder of moonynhights. I siever sdenhilim myself, bht " '` It's all nonsense, Jonathan, interposed his wife, briskly. "There aint nothin' as a pack of fools won't ay, if:onee they gives their mind to`. it. And Charley. Stoker, as married .our eldest gal, has leased, the house, and is goin' to move in:it next week ; ghost or no ghost ! " "Not with my advice,"? said Ir. Crofton, gloomily. - '"Without it, then," retorted his wire. :a AndC hglos oan imatl oo.t oeor -,"I don't believe a word of it" 'dsaid Mrs. Croftbn, briskly ? . _ -. SWe neveor had nothing to dobwith ghosts in our line of ltsiness," said the Meniegerie' Man; thoughtfully.. "iAnd I haven't looked into the .question mech myself. Bu tfolksdoes tell queer stories " " Our Jemima and her husband always was foolhardy," remarked the farmer. "I advised 'emn to let the haunted'-lhoiiee alone. ';Don't meddle with the supernatural, children,'-says I. But Charlny, says he : 'I'll risk the ghosts, fatherin-slaw!' And Jemiman , nays"she; ' I always wras more feared of lire folks than dead ones ! Well,'I only hope they won't repent it, that's all. l Because-- : The rentenco was yet infinished eon Farmer Crofton's lip,-when there .was a 'sound of hurrying footsteps on the threshold -without; the door was burst open, and a handsome, dark eyed girl, with a shawl tied round her head, and a 'face -as pale as ashes;,rtisled fito the room, -followed by a : stalwart young man- of three or four-and-twenty, as ;breathles as' herself. . "It's Jemima,'' said_ Mrs;. Crfto; starting. ". It's Chlarley. Stoker ! " cried Mr. Crofton, dropping his pipe on the hearthstone. . The Aenagerie Mani said: nothing, but stared as if his whole personality had resolved itself into a pair of eyes. .Pretty Jemima threwherself into eriother's arms, and buist into hysteric sobs. "Whtin is'itC ~~j dear I " said M?r?. Crofton, soothingly. "Speak to me !" 'Oh mother'!" s'irieied Jemima, "it's the "The--wldhlo7" saed Mrs. Crofton. "Oh ! oh ! it's Uncle Eben's ghost! "Oh! oh i! oh !'t': bewailed Jemima, "I unlocked the front door aned walked right in upon it, sitting by tho fireplace just as he used to sit when:he was had with the rheunemtiam, all wrappjed in a staggy black coiatl!' "I never, would ha believeod it if Ihadn't seen it with my ewn eyes,'. saide,- r.Stbker, looking blankly at t;he assembled group. "It's of no use talking, I shall have to cell tht lease of the'hase forwhat I get can for it. . Jemima will nevergo there to live, and I wouldn't if she would.' t " A ghost, ell! " said the Menagerie -a -n. "I saw it myaelf," ,,scrted Mlr. Stoker. "Black and shagg-, elh 1" Mir. Stoker nodded. "- 'Thie old man used to wear just such a coat in winter werather," sairi he. "l've seen it a hudredtimes.." "Well,' said the iMenagenrie MASn,sloowly, breaking intu a smile. "I guess you'd better hold on to your lease, Squire. I'll bet a good niny ecookeys as you won't be troubled by no ghosts. Because the black and shagoy gentle man as give yoe such a frighrt ras my bear! " " You:r--bear I" said Mr. Stoker. "VYe," nodded the lenagerie Alan. "lIe's quarre!some, you see, and I can't never take no comfort if I slurt him up with the other creeture. So arter I'd locked up the others in Squire Dcnnisian's big stone barn, I just led lrninr along till 1 enrme to thris ere place, where I calculated I shouldn'lt disturb nobody. And eI Ict hiim in, peaceable like, at the backl door. And if you and this hIre young 'cmarn wasn't par ticular about shutting thie door, I guess l'd better look arter him, for he likes a breath of fresh air, Ieruin does, as well as any ChristiCnr." Jenmima lookiced at her husbirand. Mr. Stoker burst into a laughl. lMrs. Crofton joined in it. And the farmer rubbed his nose with a puzzled a' Let's go back and find our lantern, Jemimy," said the young busbanrl. "And I'll go along, too," said thie elder m:n. whoin iris secret hIceart was ratler disappointed that Uncle Elen's ghost had turned out to he no ghost at all. Tie Meinagerie Man found Brrin carefully investigating a hen roost at no great distance, and chaincel him up in an unoccuried strble belonging to the Croftons. Charley and Jemimea rc-lighted;l their lantern and prosecuted: their original intention of mcneasuring the floor for some home- made rag crpaeting, and then they all went back and spent the ovening at the Crofton farm-house. An lnl from that day to this no ghostly shadow lhas ever crosei the thlreshloldl of pretty Jemima's hIome. And when thire little ehilolren totter up the road to thel old farmo, nd say "Grand mamma, tell nea a ghost story," the old laldy relatee rho lgesd of thie llera.cgerie Man and hris boar, to tie inftlite Esatisfaction of her small audicsce. "And I guoess tihat's thie sort of cloth that most ghost stories are cut out of," says old Mrs. Crofton,. 