WESLEYAN ANNUAL DISTRICT MEETINGS. Fibst Dat. SOUTHERN DISTRICT. The annual meetings of this dietriot oom mcnoed on Tuesday morning in the Pirie etreet Lecture HalL The Be v. D. 8. Wylie, President of the Conference (Chairman of the district), took the chair at 10.80. The Rev. J, Biokford, on behalf of the meeting, wel tl>. Pk.;.»..n kAkk.annkkA.n oomed the Chairman to the Southern Dietriot. The Kev. Joseph Hopkins, from the New South Wales Conference, was also weloomed. The Bev. W. Reed was eleoted Seoretary and the Kevs. H. Henwood league and W. A. Langsford Assistant Secretaries, and the honrsof session were fixed. On the roll of mini sters being oalled a dispensation was granted to the Bev. J. Haslam (ex-President of the Conference) on aoconnt of illness, and it was decided that a letter of sympathy be sent. The Bev. E. Youngman, Palmereton, N.T., whose name is given in the list of ministers on the roll of the Southern Dietriot, was granted a dispensation on account of distance. A vote of thanks was passed to the Bev. B. Kelly (removed to the Yorke's Penineula District) for his services as Secretary during the past year. The probationers labouring in the district handed in their lists of books for the year, and arrangements were made for hearing their trial eurmons during the sessions. In answer to the question—" Have any ministers or preachers on trial died during the year?" the name of Arohibald James Bogle was read. A hymn was snug and prayer ofiered by the Bev. R. M. Hunter. Reference was made to the Iobb sustained through this death by the distriot and by the Connexion at large, and sympathy for Mrs. Bogle expressed by the Chairman (Rev. D. S. Wylie) and Revs. J. Biokford, T. Lloyd, T. Baston, C. T. Newman, C. H. Goldsmith, R. 8. Caeely, and J. H, Trevor row. It was resolved that the Bev, B. 8. Casely prepare an obitnary notice for inser tion in the minateB. The question of ministerial oharacter was gone into at the afternoon session. The names of the ministers labouring in the Southern District were read out, the prescribed questions being answered separately. The resignation of the Rev. B. Gilbart Edwards was read by the Chairman, and the following resolution was carried :— "That the resignation of Brother B. G. Edwards be received, and that its accep tance be recommended to the coming Con ference." The Chairman reported having received during the year the resignation as a student for the ministry of J. F. Martin. The Chairman's reply thereto was approved, and the matter was referred to Conference. Second Day. The financial session of the annual meeting of this distriot was held in the Firie-street Leoture Hall on Wednesday. The Bev. D. 8\. Wylie, President of the Conferenoe (Chair man of the district, took the ohair. The Hon. John Colton and the Bev. XL S. Biokford (Seoretary of the Home Mission Fund of the Yiotoria Conference) were cordially weloomed. In addition to the ministers In the distriot the following Circuit Stewards represented their respective Circuits: — Pirie-screet Circuit, L. J, Furnell and W. Long; Archer street, W. J. Diokenson and J. Le Cornn ; Kent Town, S. Churchward, B.A.; Norwood and Magill, K. Kelly; Brompton, T. Harry andMaley; Unley, B. Longman, jun., ana T. J. Matters; Glenelg, D. Nook; Port Adelaide and Semaphore, E. H. Butler; Willunga, C. Lawrence; Clarendon, Hon. John Carr; Aldgate, T. Giles. OHCBOH PBOPEBTJ. The state ot Church property in the dis trict was reported onNumber of Churches, 102; other preaoblng places, 18; entire cost of Churches and parsonages, £189,579; debt remaining on Churches, £42,618; on par sonages, £4,572; total debt, £47,190. The erection of a new Lecture Hall at Parkside was reported, cost £650; Conferenoe regula tions observed, there being a balance of £50 in hand after meeting cost of erection. Per mission was granted to Yankalilla Circuit to sell Churches and adjoining land at Carraoa linga and Springbank, the prooeeda to be devoted to the Yankalilla Parsonage Trust. The Murray Bridge and Callington Cirouit was permitted to baild a Chnroh at St. Ives. LOAN FUND. The amount available from the Loan Fund for the colony was £1,410, £200 of which had been allocated by the oommlttee to the Southern Dietriot Applications were re ceived from Thebarton for £100, Murray Bridge (Church) £50, Norwood (parsonage) £300, Magill (Church) £200, Alberton £200, Woodville £250. The Thebarton application was not entertained, the arrears owing to ths fund not having been paid on the presoribed date. The whole amount (£200) was voted to the Norwood Parsonage. It was resolved— " That if arrears owing to the fund are paid before Conference the Conferenoe be reoom mended to vote to the Port Adelaide Cirouit the amount applied for." ELECTIONS. The Bev. T. Lloyd was appointed to aooom pany the Chairman as representative to the Conference Stationing Committee, and Mr. D. Davidson was elected a member of the i Home Mission Committee. WORN-OUT MINISTERS' FUND. The amount reanired was £14418a.; amount raised by collections in district, £11614s. fi; leaving £28 St. 6<L to be made up fay Gironlta in arrears. HOME MISSION FUND. Of the amount available for distribution among the Circuits in the colony {£570) £100 was allooated to the district. RETURNS. The returns for the Southern District were read by the Secretary, and are at follows: —Churches, 102; parsonages, 18; school rooms, 24; ministers and preachers on trial, 28; local preachers, 158; class leaders, 164; Sabbath- school teachers, 1,055; members, 3,125; on trial, 79; junior members, 332; oommnntoants, 155; Snnday-sohoots, 91; Sunday soholars, 9,288; Bands of Hope, 20; Band pf Hope members, 1,566; Charon at tendants, 19,836. VEST OF MEMBERSHIP. The question of the test of membership was referred by the General Conference of the Anstralaslan Wesleyan Methodist ChurOh to the Quarterly and Distriot Meetings throughout the oolonies. Resolutions from various Quarterly Meetings in the distriot were read, and a discussion ensued. The Rev. T. Lloyd moved, and the Rev. C. T, Newman seoonded, the following reso lution "That this Distriot Meeting, having received the reports from the Quarterly Meet ings, in which the large majority of the officers of our Church have aeoidedly pro nounced their verdict in favour of retaluing the hiatorio. teat of membership, we earnestly and respectfully urge the Conference to etill require members of the Wesleyan Church to :ineet in ol&ss.;" The Rev. T. Lloyd thought that good had been done by the discussions. Even oar young people hail been led to examine the subjeot, and were beginning to enquire whether the class meeting was not a neoessary part of Methodism. The Rev; R 8. Casbly proposed as an amendment—" That this meetingreoommends the adoption of the rooommendation of the Conferenoe on the question of membership, viz., 'That members of the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Chnroh have their names enrolled in olassboohs, and are strongly advised to meet in class.'" He was prepared to sustain the class meeting as a spiritual institution, a meeting inside the Chnrch, a meeting for those for whom it waa a souroe of spiritual profit; bnt to make laws whioh would dismember many of our godly people who did not for various reasons attend the class meeting, would be intolerant, and he oould not attend it. Baptism and attendance at the Lord's (tapper were the only conditions recog nised in the blew Testament. Mr. D. Nock, in seconding the amendment, said their business bb ministers aDd local preachers was to bring people to ChriBt and keep them faithful to Him, and he thought it was possible for thie to be accomplished m some oaBes apart from compulsory meeting in claes. The Rev. R. M. Hosier said they ought not to lower their Btandard in order to meet a lower state of spiritual life, if they put the olass meeting on the same footing as the prayer meeting they would find it would be attended by smaller and smaller numbers. The testimony of other Methodist Churohes was to the effect that the clasB meeting was doomed if it became a matter of being "strongly advised" instead of "requiredto meet." The Revs. J. Y. Simpson and E. Barber supported the amendment, the latter main taining that in British Methodism there were two classes ot members, The Rev. C. T. Newman urged that the claBB meeting furnished the best means for the cnlture of the young life in their Chnrch. Mr. L. J. Funnbll said that almost all their most aotive workers were those who were most constantly attending class meet ings. If they were destitute of the working force supplied from their classes it wonld be difficult to carry on the aggressive work of the Church. Mr. S. Churchward, B.A., maintained those who were voting Tor the resolution were voting tin favonr of dead-letter legis lation and inoperative enactments. The Rev. G. E. Rows said that history was all on the side of the position of those who maintained that the abolition of the cIbbs meeting as the test of membership led to serious decadenoe. Attendance at that meeting, with the snpervialon It ensured, meant the securing generally of a certain condition of heart and life. The present Fresidentof the British Wesleyan Gonial enoe said that It wonld be suicidal for British Methodism to follow the Methodist Episcopal Church of Amerioa in this direction. The Rev. 8. F. Prior thought some of them were forgetting that while Methodism was once a Society it was now a Chnroh. If, as at first, it were only aSoolety within a Church, they wonld have the right to con duct it on the most rigid lines. He held that bb a Church they should he prepared to embraoe within its borders all who loved the Lord Jesus ChriBt. They mnst make their olastes directive and instructive, but not im perative in character. What they wanted wm the downponring of the Holy Ghost. The olass meetings originally were a result of spiritual life rather than the causes of it. Tbey must go baok to the old-time preaohing and spirit, and then there would be the old fire and the crowding to the class meeting they desired to see. The Rev. T. Lloyd having replied, the ancendment was put and lost, the motion being carried by 20 votes to IS. invitations to ministers. The recommendation of the Archer-street Quarterly Meeting, proposed by Rev. J. H. Tbevorbow and seoonded by Mr. Landman —" That the practioe of giving invitations to ministers is becoming more and more per plexing, and it is calculated in the near future to render the itinerancy unworkable, and should, therefore, be discontinued by the Conferenoe"—was lost, only the mover and seconder voting in its favour. intercolonial ministerial exchanges. It was resolved "That this District Meeting expresses its approval of the action of the laet General Conferenoe in ordering regular and systematic interchanges of ministers between the respective Annual Conferences, and in view of the difficulty which has arisen in carrying ont the law respectfully urges the Annual Conference of South Australia to support the General Con ference in maintainlngtbeprinolpleexpressed in the new regulation for snob interchanges." STATE GRANTS TO FRIVATK SCHOOLS. On the motion of the Rev. C. T. Newman, the following resolution was carried unani mously " That this District Meeting views with alarm the proposal of the Government to subsidize private sohoole, believing that suoh a oonrse wonld be injurious to the present publio school eyBtem, and lead to direct State aid to religion. It earnestly hopes that the proposal will be rejected by Parliament." CIRCUIT APPLICATION. Theapplioationof the firie-street Quarterly Meeting for the Conference to withdraw the fourth minister Irom the Cirouit was, at the request of the Circuit Stewards, withdrawn. 