CHAPTER IJYIII. THE ISOUDEK AVA'IX'H TOWKI Away up on the bleakest and wildest portion of the North country coast, there stood, at the time of our story, a pile of gray old ruins, known by the name of the Border Watch Tower, because of a tall turret or tower, which loomed up above the main structure, and from which, in days gone by, the border warriors were wont to reconnoiter the movements of their enemy. The surrounding country was very bleak and desolate, and the old castle, with its ruined drawbridge, and stagnant moat, and crumbling battle ments, w.is perhaps the dreariest and most unc.uiny old place within the length | and bivadth of England. For ages it has I been utterly deserted, save by the bats and owls, and the ghosts of tiie mailed warriors, who used to hold their nightly revels in its spacious lialls. On one side, its gray and mouldy parapets looked down into the sullen waters of Sol way Firth, and on the other hand, outstretched a blighted heath, utterly sterile and verdureless. aotted here and there with dwarfed oaks and black thorn bushes, and bounded b\ a ledge of wild, rocky cliffs. Under the base of these extended a gloomy cave, known among the peasants as the " Hermit's Cave," and inhabited, so they asserted, by a wierd old man, with liery eyes and flowing beard, whose life, like that of the Wandering J ew, was endless ; and who possessed, moreover, the ubiquity <>£ Asinodeus ; appearing under the shadow i of the black thorns at one moment, ana j away up on the beetling summit of the | bald cliffs in the next. I In the dead of night, the same night on ! which our last chapter eiosed. a carriage } rolled rapidly up the broad avenue that led to this grim old Watch Tower. The immense gates stood wide open, as they haa been standing, no doubt, for half a dozen years ; and the carriage drove in, and over the mouldy Hag- stones, up to , the front entrance. ! The driver leaped from his box, and | threw open the carriage door. He was si tall, dark man, with an ugly | face, and a dark scar like a sabre cut across his right temple. " Here we are, my lord," he said. Iiord Angus put his head out and looked about him. " Dark as a dungeon," he ejaculated, with a slight shudder, as his eyes roved over the great gray pile ot ruins, looming up before him in the summer starlight. ?' IS pose you run up and knock, Berket, and be sure you're all right." The man ascended the long ilight of stone steps, which led to an arched door iv;iy, and proceeded to pound lustily. At I iirst, only the bats and owls, startled from their roosts, made any .sound in response. He knocked ;igain, with the loaded end ot his whip, till the emj»ty halls within rang with the sound. Ten minutes passed, and then a sound of footsteps echoed within, and presently, after a great clatter of bolts and bars, the j massive doors swung cautiously open, and the dried and wrinkled face of an old ] woman looked out. | " Wil i s that she demanded in strong j Scotch accents, one hand on the door, and j the other on the head of an immense j bloi'd-hound, that crouched at her side, j with blood-shot eyes, and red. half-open jaw*. " Mo, Mother Gwinneth, me, to be sure !" cried Berket; " the day o' judg i ment might come, an' ye'd never know. J Why, I've been poundin' here an hour." ! *' 1 liearn ye," responded the old j woman. *' Be the 3roung laird cootn ?" j Berket nodded as he turned and ran ] down the steps. j "All right, yer lordship," he called at I the door of the carriage. j L >rd Angus leaped out with Maggie in j his arms. The poor girl had given over j resistance. The sight of the driver's i wicked face, and of the grim and ghostly i old building, aw ed her into silent j obedience. Her face was as white as the ] young moonlight that began to shimmer I on the .Scottish peaks, and her eyes wore j j a solemn sianhd expression. If Heaven ] i did not interpose aud save her, she was j | lost. ! The young man set her feet upon the muddy flag-stones, and drawing lier hand through his arm, led her along by his side. They ascended the steps and approached the door, where the old woman awaited them with a dim lantern in her hand. At sight of them, the blood hound uttered a terrible growl, and moved j stealthily forward. " Doon, ye brute-doou this niiunit !" commanded the old woman. He cowered back in an instant, and the old woman came forward, her leaden eyes lighting at the sight of Lord Strathspey's face. " I Jinna be sure it was yer lairdship,' she said, watching liim with a curioua, j eager look, .aid touching his arm with her j withered hand; hut I know its yer^el' j now. Yer a braw la l now. 'Tis mony a j year since me mild eyes had sight of ye. j A braw young laird ye be."' Lord Angus shook oil" her liund with an oath, staring at her in amazement. " Hush your gibber, will you?" he cried, harshly. *' Do you mean to keep me out here all night ?" The old creature hurried back, allow ing liim to pass in, with a look of pain and disappointment in her leaden eyes like that we often see in dumb animals. " The young leddy's room be all ready, ' she said, humbly. " Will ye go right up now, or " *" Right up now," interrupted the young peer. " Lead the way." She obeyed in silence, going before them up the great oaken staircase, the blood-liound crouching along at her heels. She paused midway the great hall that ran from the head of the stairs, between two rows of chambers that had once been very grand and stately, and taking a key from her pocket, unlocked and openea one of the carved oaken doors. Lord Strathspey, with Maggie on his arm, followed her into a large and handsome apartment. In its day, this old state chamber had been a magnificent one, but now the tapestry was faded and moth- j eaten, rats burrowed behind the carved j wainscot, and the bronze candlesticks and j j ornaments on the marble mantel were i green with mould. The rich furniture, j too, of an antique stylo, was sadly decayed and faded, and tiie great Turkish rug in the centre of the floor sent up little pull's of dust at every touch of their feet. Tiie solitary candle that burned on the mantel threw a dim and ghostly light into the distant corners of the vast room, where an immense bed uj reared itself like a mountain, all draped with faded velvet, and barely disclosed the dim por traits of some dead-and-gone race that adorned the walls. Altogether it was as dreary and tomb like a chamber as one can possibly imagine. Lord Angus led his lovely young prisoner into this haunted old state chamber and seated her, with a bow of mocking gallantry, on the velvet couch that filled one corner. Then he turned to the old woman that stood just within the doorway, her eyes following him with that curious, eager look. . '. Give me the key,"' he said, roughly, "and take yourself oJV. 1 can lind my way down." She obeyed without a word, and with | the key in his hmd the young man turned to Maggie. " You believe me now V" lie began, his evil eyes flashing with triumph ; "you see how completely you are in my power i The doors are strong here-to-night the great gates will be closed and locked, and day and night that old crone and her blood hound will stand guard to prevent your escape. You see there is no hope for you.'" Maggie uttered no word in answer. She sat motionless 011 the edge of the moth eaten sola, her face white and rigid, her j sweet brown eyes stony with horror and | despair. The young lord's heart rele.iteu ] a little as he looked at her. " 1 don't like to do this," he continued, his tone softening as he spoke : " I want to be good to you, Maggie-it is all yo\u own fault. The moment you consent to become my wife, you arc free. I want you to think it over to-night and make up your mind to like me-yo:t can easily enough if yo:t will. I shall come to see .you early in the morning, and ir you'll say the word we will be married at once, and I'll take you back to your father the Countess of Strathspey Towers.' Still she uttered 110 word in response, but sat in that white, stony silence. The young man could not biar to look at her, and he turned toward the door. "? 1 won't annoy you to-night," he said : "you're tired. I'll g-> down and send Givynueth up with some supper and a glass of wine and you'll feel better to morrow. Good-nighl. ' lie ling'-red an instant, hoping she would speak, but she did not, and he went out. closing and locking the door j after him. And Maggie was left alone j a prisoner in tins great, ghostly old j chamber. | 