-xWTBROOLOlllili1 ORIOKRt.' VICTORIA V. SOUEH AUSTRALIA. Whatever be the result of the oricket nutch now in progress' between Viatorian and' Houth Australian representatives, neither side will be able to look back to it with com-' plete satisfaction. After Friday's play tha South Australians felt that Dine Fortune had treated them harshly because Dryadale was given two innings, and the b&il; would not leave Morris's wioket when a bill from Giffen hit it. Oa Saturday afternoon a mo3t unfortunate contretemps oooarrad, whio'a seriously effected the Victorians' ohanae of winning. In every respect the weather wi3 suitable for cricket. The thunder-olaada which overcast the heavens iu the morning had rolled away and a genial suu shone, while a cool south breeze blew all the after noon. The attendance was not as Urge as was anticipated, only about 2,500 people baing present. Oa Saturday afternoon the Pavilions were well patronised, a Ur*e pro portion being of the fair aex.' At aboat 4 o'olook Hia Excellency the Earl of Kiatore, the Countess of Kintore, the Lvly Hilda Keith- Falconer, Captain AnstrutaerThom son, Sir Henry Wrenfordsley, and the Hon. J. U. Bray (Speaker of the Rouse of As sembly) came down, and until the oonelusion of the play oooQpied the viceregal box; The Military Band Tendered popular airs fro-ra the mound in front of the Pavilion daring the afternoon. In memory of Henry Searle, the lamented champion Bouller, 'whose' mortal remains were being-consigned to their long 1 SBting-place; alt toe fligs on the Pdv'liona were half -niaated, and all players in the field wore banda of crape dh the left arm. ' From a orioketing- point of viewthe ;t-\ij was decidedly intereating. Some - first-class batting was' shown, and a point was raised which, will' puzzle- the 1 authorities. J The wicket had worn remarkably well on. Friday. - There were one or two 'spoia,' but fortunately they were not ' ia ^vsry dangeroas positions. Of the ..three re maining Victorian batamen : the daahidg Lewis alone did much, and he was rVatbir fortunate.- The long, inafac^a closed fdr£S20. Reedman oame out withthe remarkably'fiae bowling *ver»ge of 5 for '50J while the- craok Giffen had to content himself with 1. for 108, which is about the worst figures he his ever had in a bijc match. : Id a taeasure the South Australian batting was disappointing. JaryU, Wigley, and Blinmin did not fulfil expeoti tlon?. HildanV.'on the other haid, fiiaifiau this season's club foint by playing a splediid innings for 70. Until he had pissed the half- century he'did riot make the ghost of a mistake. He played with consummate judg ment, and hia ousting was eqaal to s-nythiag we have seen iiaoe Peroy MoDobnell s t wo historic*! innings in 1881. Towards the end of bis innings Haldane became rather Im patient, and in his desire to score made two or three bad strokes. HI* innings stamps him as a batsman of the first order. Gifon, who made the highest More, batted as he alone In Sooth Aostralla oan bat when his side seems to be in extremis. Almost every ball met with the treatment it deserved, and he made some fine oarpst, drives. Lyoai played a hitting Innings, but he was not in hia best form. In strong contrast to the South Australians the Vio torlans fielded with remarkable brilliancy, The only bad mistake wu made by Phillips, bat on tae other hand Blaokham at mld-off and Dryadale and Morris at oover fre quently earned applause by their brilliant efforts. Trumbla and McLsod were the most Euccessf ul bowlers, their wickets coating 3 for 74 and 2 for 48 respectively. The dispute, whloh may result la the South Australians losing tha game even if they win on the runs, occurred when the total was 50, George Giffen, who had then made only 9, received a fast ball from Trum We, whloh bit him on the leg. Trumble made an appeal for l.b.w., which was promptly disallowed by Fisher. After the ball strook him Giffen fell with hia feet toward the wicket, whioh, according to the Victorians, he broke, a bail falling off. An appeal was mads to Flynn, the umpire at the striker's end for hit wicket. Flynn said 'oat,' but to the astonishment of the Victorians Giffen refused to go oat. Asked hia reason, he said he ha-i been given not oat by Fisher in connection with that particular stroke, and therefore would notso out on Flynn's decision. Blaok ham, the Victorian skipper, obtained a copy of the laws of cricket as revised by the M.CCland pointed out Law 47, whioh says, ' The umpire at the bowler's wioket shall be appealed to before the other umpire ia all cases except in those of stumping, hit wicket, run out at the striker's wioket, &a.;' Aaoord ing to the rale, therefore, flynn had a per feot right to give a decision. Here, however, Giffen's version of the affair differs materially from that of Blackham. He says he hsd got up from the ground and had walked away from the wicket when a player noticed that the bail was off, and caused an appeal to be made to Flynn. Giffen contends that the wind may have shifted the ball (as a matter of faot the strong wind blew off the bails several times daring the afternoon), and that as the appeal was not made immediately he fall the ball was dead, and the appeal was made too late. Therefore he absolutely refused to go out. The Viotorian* on the other hand assert that Lewis appealed to Flynn as soon as Giffen fell, bat Fisher again supports Giffen's contention. Blackham seriously contemplated not going oa with the game, bat after consultation with his comrades and the Manager, Mr. Greig, ik was decided for the sake of the pablio, and to save future friction, whioh oould do no good to the cause of the grand old garnet to play on under protest. A formal protest was wnt to the S.A. Cricketing Association by Mr. Greig, and the point is dispute will be forwarded to the Marylebcno Club. The pith of the case, as submitted fa the letter, whioh will probably go by to- day's mail, is that the batsman refused to go oat when %d judged oat according to Law 47, and tha Victorians olsim the match.. Giffen will of soarse send his version of the afiair to the slab which makes the I«ws that rale criokefi ihroughout-the world. If the protest is ud held Victoria will presumably wia- in any case, TUB PLAY. Play was resumed at ten minutea past 12. Lewis went to the wickets with Harry, and ?kied the first ball he received from* xssed man just out of reaoh of the field. Harry made a bis drive off Reedman, and 4; were run. Lewis pat Giffen to leg for 3, and Harry out one in the same over to the fence— 280 np. Lewis obtained . a quartette for a pretty drive off the South Ada side bowler, and a pull to the fence brought np the third century. The last two (Tails of the same over were eaoh lifted to the jcundary. The first ball of Reedman'a next 3ver yorked Harry. 8—28-313. The out going batitnao had shown fair form. McLeod, 1 left hander, was the tenth man, but he saw Lewis stumped In attempting to lift a slow from the young bowler. Trumble, the last nan, ,got his first ball to the Pavilion, bat lext over he put one into PhlUips's hands aft ?nid-GiT, and a pietty oatoh closed the long innings at 12.40. Reedman bowled capitally, uid Fred Jarvis did some smart work in the ield. Exactly at 1 o'olook Giffen sent in Jarvis md Lyons to commence 8oath Australians beavy task. Lewis took the wlcketo, ittaek 3am fielding at mid- off. J. Barrett was unwell, md could not field, and Phillips, one of the smergency men, waa allowed aa a substitute. Morris opened tne attack to Jarvis, who made two. rather lucky snicks, each pro iuoing 2. Lyon* began with a single off Morris, and then'glancad Trumble to leg for 5\. In Morris's next over he lifted a ball iplendidly on to the Pavilion fence. Jarvis warn .too anxious to score, for he went out to meet Tremble* but did not get fall on to the ball and was easily caught at mid-off. L— 7— 17. ., George Giffen snoeeded the Hind marsh craok, and after' taking a maidea from Trumble started bis soore with a single to leg off Morris. ?? Lyons made a sweat lste out off Tromble to the chains— 30 up. With one run added the players adjourned for lunoheo*, Lyons having 21 opposite his name, and Giffen 1. . Whea play was resumed Lyons pat one from Trumble dangerously near Harry at long slip, and the ball went to the fence. After a spell of slow play the big Norwood man Bade a fine straight drive to the chains at tio fur north end of the ground*, Giffen , who-wamplayfng keeps with a vengeance, got 2 for a pietty leg glance off Morris, and Lyons brcaght the half -century up by driving Tni&Me; for 3. Then oocurred the ufortonate dlipnte whioh U referred to above.. After half an hour's delay play was xesamed, and Giffen soioked Tramble- for a brace. Trott took the ball from. Morris, and bowled to Lyons with the object of getting him caucht at deep square-leg. Philhoa at once had an opportunity, bat he mUjadged the catch, and Lyons was. let off* Then Giffsn drove .Trott along the carpet for 5, all run oat, and smacked Tramble to the chains, Lyons lifting one to the . leg boundary in the same over. McLeod, a fast bowler, went on instead of Tramble at 67, and bis second ball scattered Lyons'a timberyard. Wigley joined his skipper, and commenced by late-cutting SSoLsod for a Quintette, the ball ioat falling to reach the chains, thus giving the batsnuaan extra ran. McLeod's fast onss were appreciated by the craok, who principally by neat placing to the on raised tb» score to 89, Wigley maintained a defensive attitude, bat had only added 1 to. bis big snick whea MoLaod bowled Urn off hia pals. His orab mate, Haldane, was the next batsman. Giffen drove Trott to the chains, and a Ute cat for 4 by Haldane off the other bowler. cauasd the hoisting of the century. A triplet off eaoh . bowler made Giffen's score 50, the annoonoa : ment of whioh waa the signal for a rouud of applause. Morris was pat on again instead of. Trott, and after, a short ipoU for 'kfternoon tea Trumble went on agaia, McLeod giving wty In his favour. Bioh bataman got- Morris to tne'P^viHon fsooe ia; suooessive overs, Thia 'brought oa Trot!; again. Haldane only got a. single for a big drive, but Giffen forwarded a loose one to the boundary. The Adelaide don responded by driving Tramble to the Pavilion, and Ute-cutting the next one right down the ground, 5 being run. A beaatifal drive by Giffen to the chains sent 140 up. BUokuim, who is evidently a great believer ia fie quently ohanging the bowlers, put MoLaod on again vice Tramble. The eecand bill nearly bowled Haldane, but the fourth wa3 sweetly cut for 4. Drysdale, at 147. tpak the ball from Trott, who had beea expensive. Giffen got 1, and Haldane cut oue for. 2, Morris bringing down the hoasa by a brilliant piece of fielding. The same bitamau hit a couple of paira off Dryadale, and oat the next; ball sweetly to the ohalna. Four byea off McLeod registered 16C Haldane out McLeod for 4, and Giffen by hittiag Drya dale to leg for a similar number,- put hia total two above Dryadale's, amidst cheera. Haldane could not remain idle, but hit a bill from MoLeod to square-leg for 4. Oaee again Trott went on, Dryadale retiring. Giffen drove the eeoond ball straight dowa - the ground to the ronas. A single to Hil dane made his tot»l 50, another burst of applause coming from the spectators. The enthusiasm of the people waa iaoreased ks the bbainpior twice in- one over cit TroSVa mediums to the entranoe-gate, Trumble was then tried in Tfott'a place at , tha North Adelaide end; - flia sebond ball— a trimmsr —proved -too mucbi for Giffen, who retired with the board ^showing ' 4-85-197. ' .The : partnerahip had produoecl 108 rdns. BHnmia came to' the-aaaistan'cre of the big Adelaide ; oraok, and began by nearly being caught kt mid-oh^ The little man raised the 200 by cracking McLeod to leg -for a quartette. , Haldane then popped a fast ball just gver Troifs head at pointf : Trotfc'waa naw tried with the wind instead of MoLeod. ' Haldane lifted Trumble to the deVp field, but Hirry, although he 1 eaoh ed the ball, found it too tow, and Tt passed him and went for 4,. A hit for 4 and an uppiah soiok for a brace pat Qaldane'a score, also pagt Dryadale's. The last ball ^of the over was, ho We ver. fatal, Trumble aooepting a hot return— 5— 70— 222, Haldane received a round of oheera for h!a splendid iuniogs. Walter Giffen partnered his club comrade and got a triplet for a drive off the long bowler. The score was only 228 when Blinman, playing back to Trott, hit aia wioket. Reedmau and Giffen, battlnt; cautiously, played out time, when the South Australians; were 85 bohind the Victorlaua with 4 wickets to fsJL Scores:— : VlOTOBU. .:?..?:?-.-. : First Innings. :: E. A. Barrett, c, and b. Lyons ...... 3 J. Jkiollwr&itb;, 0, Beedman, b, (H8-m ... 8 H/Trott, Lb.w., b. Lyons ? .... 36 J. E. Barrett, b. Parkin ...... ... 41 J. MoC. Blaokham, b.Reedmaa ...? .';. 48 J. DrysdsJe, a and b. Haldane ... ..; 65 S. Morris, o. Haldane, b. Beedman ... 50 J. Harry, b. Beedman ... ... ... 28 P. LewU, st. Jarvis, b, Beedman... ... 24 B. McLeod, not oat ... ... ... ... 1 H, Tramble. a Phillips, b. Beedman ..7 4 Byes 5, leg-byea 5, no ball 1 ... i;. 11 Totei '...' '?...'?? ... '-;i. l ,c. 320 BOWUKQ AsTALTSIS. . Balls. Mdns. Euns.Wokta. Lyons ... ... 156 4 ' ~ 79 ? '! 8 O. Giffen _ 282 ? '.?:: 19 ^ 108 J - 1 ; Beedman ? 101 ft CO 5 Parkin ,„ ... 36 2 23 1 F. Jarvis ... 24 il 10 — PhiUlps-... '... .... 36 0 24 — Haldane... ' ..; 24 1 15 1 Giffen bowled 1 no ball South AtraTBAiiA. r' First Innings. A. fl. Jarvis, 0. Blaokham, b. Tramble... 7 J. J. Lyons, b. MoLeod ... ... - ' ... 38 G. Giffen, b. Tramble ' ? .\\. v..i ... 85 B. S. Wigley, b. MoLaod ... ...... 6 H. L. Haldane, 0. and b, Trumble ... 70 H. Blinman, b. Trott .. ... ... ... 10 W. P. Giffen, not oat ...... ... 6 J. Reedman, not oat... ... ... ... 3 Byes 7, leg-byes 3 ... ... ...... 10 Total for 6 wickets... .... ... 235 