ENGLAND. GBEAT SYMPATHETIC MEETING IK LONDON. THE IRISH LEADER SPEAKS. 1 1 | On tho evening of March 13 a meeting under J li the Buepioos of tha National Protest Commit to© Wa9 held in St. James'a Hall, London, when t.havpi wna n nrnwrled and enthusiastic audience. Admission vrns by ticket, and an botiv before the advertised fcimo of mooting tho hall wof filled to its utmost capacity. In various .parts j o£ tho building v;evo displayed featoonb, bearing tha words, ' Ffoedoni for lingland and Ireland,' ' No Coercion,' ' No Forgery,' ' No SUncW,' u Humanity,' 'Union,' 'Justice,' ' Pacco,' and ' Liberty.' Those foatoona v?erc supported between flagstaff^ surmounted with representa tions of tho ohomrock. In front of tho orpon V7D0 ft largo pictorial device representing Bri tciQuiCs with her right hand venting on d shield Und hei? left arm encircling a female figure re presenting Ireland, holding tho traditional harp of Erin. Over the heads of tho irco O.gurpb was an oogol flyinRj andboariug tho motto, ' Peuor on Earth ; 'GoodUwill towards Mod.' S -otland Woo ropk'eBODted hj a thistle to the It- ft of Britannia. There waa a largo muster of pro minent memhers o£ Parliament, including the following :— Mr. Mundelb, Me. Shaw Lefevre, Mr, Bwdlaugh, Mr. H. H. Fowlev, Mr Jn«ob Bright, Mr. Cyril Flower, Profeasov Stuart, Mr Asquith, Mr. Stanafold, Mr. M'Neill, Mr. J B.owlandfl, Mr. H. Ooagbora, Mr. J. Nolan, Mr, J. Biggav, Mr. D Sullivan, Dr. Konr.y, Mr. J Ba-ry, Mr. S. BuxtoD5 Mr. W. Oorbotr, Mr. Arnold Moiley, Profefifjer Suater. Amongst the speakers p/ei'o tho chairmen (Mr. John Mcrloy, M.P.), Professor Baasley, Professor ' Stuait, Sir Charles liuesell, Q.C.. and Mr. Per nell. 5TB» :vACl-rELL's SPEECH. Mr. ParDell, who was received with repeated rounds of cheering, lasting over several minutes, atjd the singing of ' He's a jolly good fellow/' when the enthusiasm had subsided;, S&id;— 1 can nob attempt fco describe the gratification, the pleasure and tbe.d'elxght which your reception has give*?, to nie. I believe, nay more, I feel sure thas: toy countrymen in Ireland, in America, and in Australia will be equally honoured with me by your reception of their cause to-night.. (Chearp.) Depend upon it thafc such eypnitgS as this do more for the cause «t tn'a 'O'nion than twenty years, or p,ve?i twenty centuries of the firm government (cheers and laughter) of Lord Salis bury and Mr. Balfour. (Groans.) They show to my countrymen everywhere that for th«3 first time in 1886 they were admitted by the English people into terms of equal union alid good fellow ship with them. 1 prefer to draw lecsons £roui passing evenfcs4 and I think w'6 all prefer to draw these lessoUSj to press 'the'ul home, rather than to claim an.y parvy 'or any passing triumph. This great meeting has been assembled for the purpose of 'protesting against the petty and ma.liflna.nt meanness of me. balfodk's government. in Ireland. I think that every feature of tllat Government compels us to pause 'And to ask the question, ¥7hy is this th^.s ? 'JfoVir chairman lias expressed tb.e hope that in the near future I may become a Privy Councillor. (Laughter.) Well, as to a matter so personal to myself as that, I shall be pardoned, I am sure, for saying nothing, but I think that it is legitimate to inquire is there not something rotten in the system oi government which compels the ostracism from the affairs of your empire of 86 out of 103 Irish members who are sent from Ireland P That is one o£ tbe first results of the seven centuries of [irm Government in that country— much firmer than we are ever likely to see again (cheers), a Government under which it was only necessary to get up forged let ters against a man and not to prove them (cheers), to enable the Lord- Lieutenant of Ire land to have bis head cut off. Fortunately they cannot do these things nowadays — a Govern ment ?which, instead of the indignities of the plank bed, and of prison clothes, and of bread and water, substituted tbe banging, drawing, and quartering of tbe last century — a firmer system of government than even the Tories can hope to initiate. What, then, has been one of tbe results of that system ? That we, the Irish members, to take that share in the duties of government which is one of tbe hopes and justifiable hop- s of all men who become me cabers of Parliament. (Cheers.) And if we did, we violated tbe pledges on which, alone we have obtained tbe trust of our constituencies — namely, that we should refuse to accept place or office for ourselves or for others from any English Government bo long as tbe just rights of Ireland were not conceded. '; If anyone of us were so base or so mean as to break tbab pledge and to accept office the result would be that throughout tbe length and breadth of Ireland wa should fail to find a single constituency which would elect us. Well then, ladies and gentlemen, is it not matter for inquiry, bow is it that Mr. Balfour cannot govern Ireland for two short years without having to put twenty-four of the consti tutionally-elected members for Ireland into gaol as common felons for offences uuknown to your law in England, most of them, nearly all of them, in fact, for offences of publishing, open and ad vised speaking, or writing in the nawspapers of tbe country ? (Shame.) Then, I come to another subject, i do not intend to deal with this ques tion, wbicb lias been dealt with by tbe chairman at length, because I HAVE NOT SAID 1IY LAST GAY ABOUT IT. (Cheers.) I wish to reserve that last word for two places. One of these places is to be the witness box (cheers), and the other will be tbe House of Commons. (Renewed cheers.) But, speaking generally of tbe charges and allegations which have been brought against us, I want to know why, if there was any foundation for these charges and allegations, tbe Government of the country did not take them up themselves (cheers) and investigate thom to their source and their bottom by tbe machinery wbicb is at their command, and if they bad wanted special machinery, why did they not construct it with the power at their com mand ? They bad all the machinery in Ireland which they required for tbe detection - f crime, specially constructed for them by the Houses of Parliament. If they had wanted extra power in this country they could bave obtained it. WHEN WERE THESE CHARGES VIUST SET ON FOOT ? When was tbe command first given to the forger and tbe perjurer to obtain or invent evi dence wbicb would have tbe result of putting us on our trial on criminal charges, tbe punishment of which wau peunl Borvitucie fur Jifo ? It was at tbe very moment that Lord Carnarvon was invit ing Us to confer with him as to tbe future govern ment of Ireland. (Cheers.) And as to the new Constitution — for these we,re his words in open ing tha 'conversation— which', was to be given to Ireland establishing her Parliament that was ONE OF THE REASONS WHY THJIS BUSINESS Ol- UN EARTHING CRIME WAS LEFT TO AMATEURS (laughter), and a pretty mess tliey have made oi it. (Renewed laughter.) Why again, later on, after 1 ord Carnarvon bad been driven from office, owing to the failure, of his colleagues to carry ou1 the pledges he had given to us, why then — with these charges strengthened and confirmed by proof of the forged letter — WHY DID NOT 'i'HE GOVERNMENT UNDERTAKE TliB JOB ? And you must remember this — that no single matter substantiated by the Times was unknown to Lord Carnarvan and Lord Salisbury when he entered iuto these negotiations with us. Nosingl- matter bai been substantiated by the Times whii-h bus not been previously proved in tbe Courts of Justice in one place or another in tin full light of the publicity of the Press and the public, in all the newspapers, so that they can not pi fiii 1 ignorance. Why, I say again, did not the Government, inefpftd of FIGHTING /I'ROli BEHIND THE I' B.TTICOATS OF THE ' TlfllSS.' (laughter), co uie boWly forward and say, 'We think there is matter in these ohahjea and allega tions worthy of investigation, requiring to be cleared up, and we will ouvsilves appoint a tribunal for tbe purpose of clearing up these charges and allegations ; we shall ourselves, as a Government, be responsible for the proceedings, and we shall ourselves} prosecute those parties who may be, found as the result to bo worthy of prosecution ?' That would have been a Govprn ment worthy of Englishmen. (Hear, bear.) But no ; they bad recourse to f-ubtetfuge and dodge. Ind-ed, they pretended that they had established the Commission to enable me to. disprove tbe letters, but they so narofl'lly framed tbe terms of the a-'.(; that the Times' was enabled to compel us to.nppear in that court day after day for nearly six long months — for fifty- two days of tbe actual sitting days of the Commission — while every charge, every allegation that could be advised by THE OU.W.t'lTi' Al-fb INGENUITY OF INFORMERS ANlS JAIL i3IRl3s. , against 'everybody .else but ourselves was brought forward frnd investigated, until at length on the fifty-third or fifty-fourth day of the sitting of the Commission they approached the letters most un willingly (hear bear), and gave us for the first time an opportunity which, by the skill of Sir Charles Russell (cheers) and tbe other learned gentlemen engaged, was promptly used for ex posing what, without any disrespect to,, tbe learned judges, I shall venture to call one oi: the mo?t scandalous wastes on a small scale of public time and money (cheers) that bas ever been instituted under tbe guise of a judicial investiga tion (Cheers.) Why, I ask again, do our poli tical opponents and the opponents of the Liberal party go to all these rounds ti attempt to throw discredit upon the representatives of Ireland, and necessarily upon the cause wbicb they represent, and Upon their allies P Well, I think the plain answer to the question is, because this country, and the people of this country, being remote from Ireland, not being in contact or communication with the people of the country, not understanding their real wishes, their thoughts aud aspirations, it is comparatively easy, and necessarily easy, to lead them astray on any political question in that rountry. (Hear, bear.) The Tories know very well that they cannot humbug you upon one of your own questions (hear, bear), and so they bave allowed their Imperial policy — questions that you understand full well — to be swayed by those prudential considerations wbicb enable them to avoid a vote of censure upon any English, Scotch or Imperial matter. But it is not so with Ireland. They can hurnbug, at least tiiey have been able to buruL-ug lip to the present, and HOODWINK THE PEOPLE OF ENGLAND UPON AN IRISH QUESTION with the utmost facility ; and so it has happened that the Tory party which in 1885, by the mouth of Loid Carnarvon, promised an Tii«h Parliament to us in 1886, in 1887 turned right round, renewed the policy of coercion, and produced forged letters as proofs of tbe criminality of tbe Irish members. (Shame.) I think we are entitled to ask all think ing or reflecting men and women in Great Britain to consider this. (Hear, hear.) Is it just, is it right, that the future and the liberties of Ireland sbou'd be depending upon the casual publication of a forged letter by tbe london Times on the morning of a great division ? (No, no.) It has bean admitted on oath by tbe manager of tbe Times that that publication was made for tbe purpose of affecting thafc division; (Shame.) Well, now, let us come to other matters. Let°us come to the question of tbe Government of Ire land. THE LAND QUESTION, for instance. The Land Question is only an ex ample of the bungling that every English Govern ment makes in its attempt to rule Ireland from Westminster. We do aot say that the Land ) Question is the Irish Question, but we bring it forward as the most salient example of tbe un fortunate incapacity of the English Imperial Par liament to do justice to Ireland. The Irish land question has bad a remarkable history. The land of Ireland ba.3 bad, so far as it bas bad any added value conferred upon it by labour and artificial means, all that value conferred upon it by the oc cupying tenants and their predecessor.1; in title. It is not, as with you to a great extent, that all this land bas been improved by the owners. That is not so. Tbe owners bave mainly, so far as the area of the land goes, lived out of the country, and they have avoided, so far as they possibly could, any expenditure whatever upon the bold ings of their tenants, and no it bappen3 that the lands bave been fenced, drained, and reclaimed, so far as those works were effected, by the labours of the tenants. The houses have been built by the tenants, and you, Englishmen and Englishwomen, ought to reflect, when you read of the forcible resistance made in some cases by Irish tenants against tbe armed constabulary and Emergency mon, it is a resistance which is not real resistance (hear, hear), because it amounts to such a resistance as a fly might be able to make to an elephant who was about to put its foot upon it. (Laughter.) But when you hear of these in 6t-.tnceB you must reflect that, after all, these men and women are being turned out or' their holdings and out of their hdmes, whitih they have builfc themselves aud which are their own property^ although the law has, not yet sufficiently pro tected that property, but which are their owii property just as mii'll as the mill oi' the Lanca shire miliowner is his property. You must re member this after all, and you must sec that it ia sometimes not in human nature to endure and to withstand this provocation of eviction from their homesteads passively, as wd desire they should for tbe sake of the future of their country, and that sometimes manhood revolts and strikes in defence of all that ought to bo held sacred to the manly breast. I IIEArDA STOfiY THE OTHER DAl illustrative of this, which touched me very mucll. It was the story of a man who was arrested in 1S82, shortly after my release from Eilmainbam, for sending arms from this ouutiy to Ireland. He was convicted, and ho was sentenced to seven years3 penal servitude. Undoubtedly, so far as I know, his conviction was a ju-t conviction upon tbe evidence. But what was the his'ory of that man, and what were the recollections which had tended much to drive him into the ranks of tha physical force and revolutionary party ? That man recollected that when he was a boy he had seen and experienced the horrors of the famine; He remembered that for three days be bud bbeii without food; He recollected that be bad seen bis mother carry one of his two little sisters upon her back two miles to tbe grave to bury her, and that when she returned from that sorry funeral she found her other daughter dead too, and bad to perform the same office, to her; That is the hisior^ of many men who are denounced in this country to-day as dynarnitards and Fenians, and although from every point of view we condemn violence (cheers) and illegal and unconstitutional action — from tbe point of view of tbe interests of Ireland, from the point of view of morality ,( from thepoih*; of view of hope and confidence for' tbe futUre-^ yet sometimes we cannot help thinking thafc after all there bas been much in tbe lessons which English mipgovernmenfc bas taught Ireland for generations to justify and excuse the action of these rash and hot-headed men (cheers), who, despairing of Parliamentary agitation, losing all trutib in their Irish representatives (cheers), who so repeatedly had betrayed tbe constituencies who trusted.tbe'rn, titrned to methods — cirim'inai methods outside tbe constitution — as tbe only hope for the future of Ireland (Cheers.) But it is an honourable thought which I feel to-night that we have now turned our back since tbe introduc tion of the great measure of 1886 (cheers)— that Ireland has now turned definitely her back upos, all tit oss iiASE, HOPELESS, AND DESPERATE COURSES ; that she is confident that in tbe ways of the Con stitution lie her safety j and that tinder the genius and guic!an'_-2 of that grerit and devoteji Englishman, Mr. Gladstone (prolonged cheers), with tbe new hope that bas come into all our heai ts and into all our breasts, the day of ultimate freedom for Ireland cannot be long deferred, and that we are now ON THE EVE OF A GREAT POPULAR UPHEAVAL and movement which will not subside until yott have enabled jrour great leader to carry through. th'S Legislature of the. Empire a measure whic'K will give Ireland all legitimate control over Jiei? own future, her own interests, and her own wel fare, without any shadow of harm or ill to your greater interests. (Loud and long-continued cheering.) THE MEETING AND MR. PAUNELL. Describing this meeting and its homage to Mr* Psrnollj a writer in tho J?al1 Mall BtTDGUsfl SfljBi— *? Mr. Gladstone paid dearly lor his bronchial at tack in not beiug able to be present at tbe im mense meeting which welcomed Mr; Parnell lasl; week at St; James's Hall; He, bettor thaii any man, would bave been able to appreciate the significance and estimate the enthusiasm of the audience that crowded every inch of standing space in the hall whence, thirteen years before, he had with clauon voice sounded forth o'er land and sea tbe summons which led to the liberation of Bulgaria. Since then I have seen nbtliing iii St. Jayies'S Hall like that passionate enthusiasm exhibited on behalf of the oppressed Slavs until last week, when a similar audience manifested equal fervour in the cause of tbe oppressed Irish. There came a. great scene when, in obedience to the call of Mr. Morley, Mr. Parnell rose, pale and tall, with his left arm in a sling, a great white flower in bis button-hole, and confronted tbe audience. In a moment eveiy one was up, and for tbe next five minutes St. James's Hall was even as Exeter Hall when the Salvation Arnly has one of its greatest field days, when the Gene ral has wrought bis soldiers up to tbe highest pitch of ecstasy. Cheer followed cheer in endless succession. The whole bail was white with handkerchiefs. Ladies waved their scarvrs and cheered, then waved their scarves and cheered again, as if they would ne.ver &top.; Mr. Parn«H stood silent and unmoved. Twice only du'izlg Mr. Morley's philippic his impassive features hud relaxed as the ghost of a smile played over his lip?. What a flood of thoughts, of reminiscences, of exultant memories must be surging through his bivin ! Interesting and pathetic indeed was that spare, flight form, apparently the most im passive of all tbe thousands there. Mr, Parnell's speech was cool, measured, and dignified. No man is less of a demagogue, no man less of the typical Irishman, all wit, enthusiasm, and elo quence, than tbe leader of tho Irish race . 