CHAPTER XIX. THE BROTHERS FACE TO FACE. A messenger was sent to Kirke, inform- ing him of the state of affairs, and at the moment Vernor was brought in the chapel he dashed up to the door, followed by the remainder of the troop. Their loud and disordeily entrance tilled the whole building with clamor, and their commander, with angry and inflamed visage, stalked through the room of Sir Hugh and traversed the corridor with furious haste. He gained the chapel, and a gleam of ferocious joy lighted up his features as he saw the prisoner standing before him bound and help less. " Well, young cock o' the walk, your wings are clipped at last," he said, with a hoarse laugh. " You've led me a pretty dance, you and that deceiving old father of yours. Where is he ? I'll make him feel that it is not safe to trifle with one of his majesty's officers as he has done with me to day." Vernor disdainfully regarded him. " My father, thank Heaven ! is beyond the reach of your malice. You nor anyone else will annoy him more." "Why, what does the galliard mean? Where is Sir Hugh, I say ? Bring him before me, t! at I limy signify my pleasure to him in this conjuncture of affairs ? I'll take the old sinner where he'll find cause to repent of his evil deeds." " You're spared that trouble, sir,"' said Jones. " The old gentleman's gone a longer journey than you can take him. When 1 jumped in on the hidin' place o* the young 'un, he jest fell back and gave up the ghost." " Dead!" said Kirke. " Do you mean that his tough old heart actually broke when he learned that his young scape grace was in the toils? Bless my soul! I had no idea he had so much sensibility." *. dead, sure, sir. Mebbe you'll come up and see where the youngster was stowed away, an' you see for yourself that Sir Hugh '11 never breathe again in this world." Giving orders for the prisoner to be re moved to the hall and securely guarded, Kirke strode after his satellite and mounted to the ganet, He carefully sur veyed his route, and said : 44 Cleverly contrived, faitli; and the panel is so well concealed behind the pillar that no one would have suspected its ex istence. I was certain that the young man had taken refuge here, and I intended to stay in the neighborhood until he was nabbed." When they gained the opening into the dressing-room, he forced his burly form through it, and stepping out, stood before the two affrighted ladies, who were kneel ing before the couch on which the body of Sir Hugh lay. Mrs. Methurn extri- cated herself from Ethel's clinging arms, and arosu with dignity, while the poor girl turned her pallid face to ward liim and pointed appealin»Jy to the lifeless form of the baronet. Mrs. Methurn said: '"I trust that Colonel Kirke will treat these remains with the respect that is due to th< in." Tiie rude soldier lifted his hat in the presence of death, and replied : " He's done his la:-.t wrong ma'am, and gone where Jeffreys can't reach him, which I can't say I'm sorry for. Sir Hu^h \va? a liberal man, and 1 11 sea him put decently in the family vault before we go. But I am sorry to say that you and this youn<* la^y must go with me to Taun ton as soon as the job's completed." " Can we not be permitted to re main here till our presence is necessary there ?" 4* I hod agreed to t'aat, but now it is impossible. You have helped to conceal that young fellow, thus making matters worse for 3'ourseU'es than they would have been. Luckily, we caught iiim, and now he's safe with my lambs." "How long may we remain beneath this roof, sir?" " Till my men have had a good dinner provided for them, ina'am, and we have | had time to knock up a box to put the old gentleman in. He was fond of liis glass, and I hope there will be good wine to be drunk at his funeral banquet. I rely on your respect for the deceased to order a repast suited to his quality, for my lambs are used to the best the country affords." " They shall have the best we have," replied the lady; " but you must be aware of the difficulty of obtaining sufficient food for a whole troop of horsemen at so short a notice. Our family is not large, and it will take time to send to the vil lage." *' Zounds! madam kill the fatted calf ; kill his mother, if necessary; for I shall not budge from the Priory till I have partaken of its hospitality. The Methurns were not wont to be niggards ; and if their fortunes have fallen, there is still enough left to feed his majesty's soldiers." Mrs. Methurn did not reply to this rude speech ; she merely bent her head and left the room. Messengers were dispatched to the vil lage, and to farmer Conway's to request that provisions might be sent up to the Priory ; but the day was rapidly waning away before the banquet was ready for the impatient and often clamorous soldiers; for Kirke allowed his men the wildest liberty when not engaged in actual service. A rough coffin was procured for Sir Hugh, and with little ceremony he was plsiced in it and conveyed to the family vault, which was situated in the rear of the chapel. Vernor and the two ladies were permitted te be preseut, and, w ith fear and (rembling, the curate of the parish came to read the burial service over the body. When he asked leave to do so, I Kirke replied: " It isn't much good they'll do such an : old reprobate now, Mr. Parson ; but as it is customary, I won't refuse. I'm called a brute, and sometimes I act like one, but the devil, you know, i n't so black as he's painted. The women would feel horrified if the old fellow was put away like a d«g, and somehow that little girl inte-ests me. The poor thing has been made a victim by Sir Hugh and that scamp o[ a son; they have ruined her, I know, and this affair will swallyvv up the last fragment of her fortune. Somehow I pity her, though I don't often care for those the fortune of war throws in my hands." "Miss Ethel is a sweet young lady," replied the curate. 1 taught her l^atin and the mysteries of calculation, nnd she was always a docile pupil. I do hope you will try and befriend her in the evilstraits into which she has fallen." "As to that, my power over her fate ceases when I deliver her over to the authorities at Taunton. Jeffreys will then be the arbiter of her desn'uy." The dominie shuddered. *'0h, sir, he is a merciless man. and this is such a young giil ! 1-^1'in told, sir, that those he cannot hang he will condemn to be sold as slaves in the West Indies. Think of it, sir! such a delicate young lady as this to be sent away as a slave to that wild and unhealthy country." Kirke laughed bitterly and said : " It's good enough for the most of those who will be sent there." The poor dominie regarded him with silent horror. The family at the Priory had been his patrons, and from him the young people had received the greater portion of their education. For Vernor he had less affection than Gerald, but he could not think of the fate that threatened him without the bitterest re gret. While performing the last services for the deceased baronet, his voice faltered and his eyes filled with tears many times ; and in a parting interview with Mrs. Methurn ho promised to look in fre quently at the Priory, and see how things went on during her enforced absence. She made an effort to look hopeful, as she said : I trust that we shall be permitted to rot urn before long. If we do not,I hope, Mr. Panton, that you will remember the poor people I have been in the habit of looking after." He promised to do so, and asked : Will not Mr. Gerald com c to your as sistance, ma am ? He's a lawyer, and he will know the rights of the case. It seems hard that you and Miss Ethel should ba taken away from your home for such a trifle." " I have written to G raid, and I shall send my letter from Taunton." " Will they really put 3*011 in prison, ma'am ? It's dreadful place, for I've been there to visit a friend. That was several years ago; butthe place is no better now -nay, it is worse, for a malignant fever is raging among the people confined there." Mrs. Methurn shivered as she ex claimed f ?My Pyor Ethel! it will be terrible to take her into the midst of infection. I must make every effort to escape tliat danger. Kirke is rough and brutal, but he has the reputation of being also v. ry venal. I have a hundred pounds by me, which I have saved since (} -raid went I into Mr. Clyde's office. Perhaps that will purchase permission for tis to remain under Mr. Digby's roof. It would be too cruel to throw us in the midst of infec tion." " Kirke seems to feel for Miss Ethel, ma'am, and I think the half of the money will l>ribu him t<» let you both remain with your friends. But no sum will keep Mr, Vernor out of prison. They are too much afraid that he will escape. He has shown such spirit and determination that they will not consent to lose sight of him for an hour." Mrs. Methurn sighed heavily. " I am aware of that., and I have no hope of keeping him with us. To sat-e Eth'l from con act with such misery and degradation, is the utmost I expect to ac complish. You advise me then to make the trial with Kirke ?" " I think yon may venture to do so, ma am. He can only refuse, and you will be no worse oft' than you are now." Tims counselled, Mrs. Methurn sought an opportunity of speaking with Kirke, who at first utterly refused to 1'sten to such a proposal. He declared that the two ladies must go to prison, as many others of as high station had done before ; that he had no power to change their des tination, but when he found that the widow had money of her own with which to purchase indemnity, he softened his tone, and after many manoeuvres to find out how much she was able to give, he finally consented to accept sixty pounds, and allow Ethel and her protectress to take refuge in the house of Mr. Digby till the day of their trial arrived. When Mrs. Methurn ventured to men tion Vernor, his face darkened, and he abruptly said: " You can do nothing for the young man, madam. My advice to you is, to let him bear the burden of the calamity he has brought upon you all." ; Mrs. Methurn turned away with a sad 1 heart; she would have gladly averted from Vernor the penalty of his late acts, : had she possessed the power to do so ; but she was helpless to aid him in any way. Vernor was strictly guarded in one j of the lower rooms, and no opportunity of speaking with him had been allowed the two ladies, save when they stood be side the bier when the funeral services < were being performed. He had then briefly said: " Take care of yourself and Ethel, Aunt Agnes. It s all up with me, and I must! bear my fate like a man. I have brought I evil enough upon you without hanging as ' a mill stone upon you now. Leave me to 1 my own deserts." The house for many hours after Avas a scene of riot and confusion, from which Mrs. Methurn was glad to take refuge in the Beclusion of her own apartments. The late dinner was served, for Conway sent up a waggon load of provisions, ! and the people of the village,- anxious to prove tfieir royalty, furnished 'every J thing thoy thought the troopers would need. The wine cyllar was searched, and a sufficient score of both wine and ale were found to intoxicate the whole party. Few would have believed that the shadow of d^nih i-'sted upon that house, which rang with bacchanalian songs and royster ing laughter. The 'c ist was turned into a wild revel, and it was late in the night before the troopers staggered from the table. Under the.* e circumstances Kirke post poned their departure till the following morning, for among his troops but one sober man was to be found. This was Simpson, to whom the custody of Vernor was delegated, with the assurance that if he permitted him to escape his own life should be the forfeit. Minclien and her son were still in the house ; and Melchoir watched for an op portunity to come into the presence of his brother, that lie might gratify his deep hatred by seeing him bound and helpless before him. The drunken troopers had sunk down upon the floor in a heavy sleep, and the I house was at last quiet, when the young gipsy came stealthily toward the door be side which Simpson held his watch. He offered the trooper a tankard of ale and a pitce of money, and whispered : " Let me pass ; let me see my foe in the toils, and I will be your friend for life." " Gad ! you're the fellow that set the men on the right scent; you helped to nab him, and I don't suppose you'd care to help him off." "I'd throttle him first," was the fierce response. I wish to witness his humili ation-to gloat on his sufferings. He degraded me once by cowardly blows, but now I think we are quits. Let me pass, good fellow, and it shall not be the worst for you. When I get my share of the reward for taking him, I'll remember you." " This ale is good ; this money is genu ine, and I don't see any objection to graut in' what you ask. Go in and speak your niitid to the sullen youngster, who wouldn't answer a civil remark I made to him a while ago." To be Continued. 