Invisible Tailor and ^ Tailoress. By AN OLD CONTItmUTQU. From the window of the little tailoresaone could see the windows of Colonel Fontaine's great house, As alio trimmed her kerosene lamp and its yellow fiarao grew brighter, the while, glittering gaslight flashed up'with* in every room of the fine jnanaion. Two little geranium pots where upon her window Bill, All oyer Colonel Fontaine's house were hot-house flowers in baaketg and vasea, and blooming on their parent stems in the con* eervatory, Two stripB of rag carpet, and four painted chairs, and aneight-day clock, and a picture of the infant JCSUB, and two green plaster of Paris parrots-these and a table, and some ware on the closet shelves, were all the pro perty, real and personal, of the little tailor* ess. One chair in Colonel Fontaine's housa waa worth all her possessions, livery aort of fine upholstery, articles of virtu, carpets that cost incredible Bums, pictures by the old mastera and the new ono3 that were fash ionable, everything that can be crammed in to a house to make it sumptuous, you found in Colonel Fontaine's. It was enough to make a little woman cn* vioua. The tailoreaa turned down her light, and laid aside her work-it was in no terrible hurry-and wont and sat by her windows, looked over towards thia fine house, .where they toiled not, neither did they spin, wish* ing, aa many a hard-working woman haa wished before, that her lot had been cast in Buch paths. Aa ehe eat gazing and envying, there en tered the room another person, It was the little tailor, husband to the little tailoresa, He also came aad eat in tho window. u There are to be fine doings there at Fon taine's," he said. " I have juafc been talking to black Sam, the waiter. He wait3 there to-night. Two hundred pound doe3 nofc epread tho table, Think of that! " Ah 1 it's fine to bo some folks," said the tailoresa. " Yes, indeed," said tho tailor. " Yes, yeB, Dolly. Yes, yea I" Then they looked out again in silence, Tho silver atara were out in the aky and a little creaccnt moon; tbo. frost glittered on the branches of the trees along the 8treet8_and on tho window panes j bub the lace curtains only half hid the eplondot within that lighted mansion, Tho musicians were coming- a whole band of them. They jabbered in German as they filed up tho steps. They had their in struments in green haze bags and in long black boxes, .» It's plain there ia to be dancing," said tbo little tailor. .' Ah 1 poor folks don't get much timo to dance," Bald the tailoresa. Shq folded her arms and looked a little cross a9 she said this. Her husband also looked very moody. They had bettor have dropped their cuytain and gone to their stitching; all thatsplendor was making them horribly discontented. " Only two of 'em," said the tailor, " They haven't a child," " Rich men for luck, and poor men for children,1' aald tho tailoresa. " Now we've got three," < "There's the carriage company," said the tailor. . i Tho carriages were rolling up. Shadowy 1 .figures tripped from them, and hurried up the steps. As the door opened, the glisten ing of silk and the Hash of jewels could be seen, " Ah 1'" said the tailorcaj, " and my beat dress is only alpaca." " S waller tails, no doubt-all of 'cm," said tho tailor, "Oh, dear!'' " Don't I wish I was her !". Bald the tailoresa. Don't I wish I was him I" said the tailor. / " Now if only we could change with 'em," said the tailoress. ? "I'd take tbo chances," said the tailor, »*' 9o would thoy," eaid a voice behind them. Tho tailorand tailoresa turned their heads. A little woman in a black cloak and a rdd night-cap stood behind them-a very little woman, hardly larger than ft child. * She hpld in her hand a broom, and her white elf locks tumbled all about her faco. Her eyes, were blftclr, nnd bright aa tho froaty Btara that were glittering in tho sky. " You are surprised toseo mo, r presume," said the old woman. , " Well," said tho tailor, " not to be uncivil, wo are, Folks usually knockp," " I never do that," eaid the old woman, "I como through tho koy«h.Qle," "Joking I presume, mum,".said the" tailor. "No," said tho old woman. ''I'm a Witch." . ' r, The tailoress got behlnd the tailor,-as speedily as posaible, ' ' ! v<':;:WV '.I'm a very amiable oaa, unless I'm ycxed," said the old womau, 1 "It,does vex mo to 320 paoplo scared, I'm suro.I'ra not an alarming objeet." - ;? " I'm not a bit frightened," said tbo tailor ess ; " only witches isn't usiialj" "Ob, I don't miiul you," said the witch. " You aro nothing but a fool. Here you aro as comfortable as need be, coal in your cellar, fqod in your closet, threo rosy children abed in there-you might give them more air, it ia true- plenty of work, and" all yon need, and you nit and fret bccausayoii "haven't all the finery in that house, .Why, "riches don't make people hanpy by themselves,Miover did, and never will. " You've apparently; an older lady than what I am," said the tailorcss, " and you bad oughfer know beat, being a witch. Bat I'd llko, to know how a parson that wears nilka ajul velvets every day, and haanover fetched tlio water to wash her own hand3, and goca put a riding bqhind bee own iiojqe, and ? is complimented ami admired tho whole of Her lifo, can help being, happier than a ("poor little soul that stitched and etitcheclj Binee before ever she was'grown. up ; that never rode in anything better than the utreet cara; that counts every shilling before! she spends it; has had three children, Lord help her I and has a black alpaca and a bit of gilfc breaat-pin for Sundays, aud makes her things last year in and year out. " And not to contradict a lady a/,v/s witch," Bald the tailor, " how is a man that works at a toiling, moiling trade, and half the time an't pnid at that, and lias a wife and three children} to feed and clothqand shoo-grum bling over what he gLvea hqr at that-to be contented and as happy aa a fellow that just writes his name to a cheque when ha wants mondy, and drinks champagne and them things 2" " A more contented eroetur roan never had for a wife," cried the tailor'a wife, bursting into tears afresh. " I never-'" " Hold fjyour tongno," gsaid the witch. " Oomo, I'll give you a chance to aeo if these people are really happier. You shall go over into that house and take a peep at lis mys teries; if you like, I've only to wava my brooni and you will become invisible. You'll see things no ono else sees, hear thinga no one else hears, and, if you wish to clo ao, you BhaU aftervyarda change places with tliem. I fa 3hall be Mr. Fontaine, you shall be Mrs, Fontaine, always providing you desire to do so." 41 Mv eyes I" cried , the tailor. " Well, Dolly 1" ."it won't hurt to be Invisible, ch 7" cried the taUorcfls, . . . "It's bit llko taking chloroform, t sup pose," said tho tailor, " Agrcedr ftslwUiwwitch. , . . vu n . j- »i tvlJU " Yes," said tb© tailor. The witch waved her boom. " I feel as if I was going ofi," said tbe tailoresa. " Mo, too," said tho tailor. In a moment more tho pair felt aa light aa a eouplo of feathera or two bits of thistle down. Thoy were floating about in tho air,. and felt sure that no ona pouid Bee them. ] They tried to grasp each other's hands, but there wag no substance to hold. They tried to apeak, bnt they had no voices. Still, in some subtle nnd incomprehensible way, they commuciated their thoughts to eaoh other, without the aid of speech, Xliey were in the lady's chamber. She sat all alone these. Her black velvet robe swept over the floor, Diamonds glittered on her bosom and in her ears ; on her rounded arma also, fihe wag a buinette of the volup tuous style of beauty, her red lipa, bor spark ling eyea, her wonderfully perfect nose, her little ears, like tiny ear-ahella, were beyond description. She bent ocor a desk; within it lay a picture-the portrait o£ a fair man in a uniform. She talkedgto it in whispers, u Year after year, day after day, hour after hour," sho whispered, " and I cannot forgot. Your blood is upon ray hands, Jerome, My heart ia haunted by your ghost, May God forgive us both," There was a sound without-a step at the door, " Arc you ready, madam ?" said a voice, It was that of OoionelcFontaino, The lady arose. M Onq moment," she said. " Ah, if you would but leave me in peace-if you would but let me hide myaelf away somewhere i" " Again ?" he said, " Come here, madam, I am waiting for you." lie did not even sot hia foot across the threshold of the lady's door, and she obeyed him, and passed out into the wide hall. . The invisible tailor and tailoresa flitted out with her. They had just as much curi osity ns they had in the fleah, Besides, what; did thoy come for but to listen ? "Da you suppose I enjoy these Bcciicsi" said Colonel Fontftine, " You seem to," she answered. "You seem to, also," 6ald the colonel, "It ia all seeming with.lis. They call us an affectionate couple, I presume,. Thoydo not know bow, since I found his letters and his picture, wo have hated eaelv other," "I t'io not hate you s Henry," said the lady. MI do hate you,"eaid the colonel, "There i8 no hideous creature Pegging in tho streets that I loathe as I da your beautiful psruon-1 who loved you so I" " Ah, my Godl" rfaoaned the woman, " Why torfciu'o mo BO ?" "I only do it .when, you rebel," oald the colonel. "Ata.Inot tortured - a lonely, childless man, with a weight of secret ahame upon ray aonlr? You doomed mo to. thia life, and you Bhall expiate the crime. You shall appearbefore tho world aa Oolouel Foatnino's wife should. For ten years wc have played the farce. Wo shall play it to the last. I quarrelled with hira about a game of cards, not about you.' I slapped him in the face, atld he challenged me, But ho knew-he knew why he died, I saw it in bi3 face as I Bent the bullet to his heart," "Ahj havemereyj" moaned the ^cmati again. " 1 have had mercy," eaidtlio man, "You live, I killed fcha more innocent of the two. You have your own/apartments, I have mine; wo only play our little role of Darby and Joan before the world. It ia not much puniah ment for your crime, and it keepa my name frora public shame. Are you rnjwly, madam'/" She, bowed. They went down the stalra together; they, wcrcs saluted by their guest.; they saluted: them, Tho dance went on; tho ,JftUflio &wepfc; into :d.roamy waltzes; the fe^at waa eaten, the wine fjowe'u^ but the two invisible gueatagaaw what no one could aeo with bodily eyes. While the lady smiled,and talked, while Bhe danced, w)u,lc she sang, one form still moved hefofc;'her eyM^a phantom, pale and fiery Ta beautiful young man in captain's! uniform, with a deep w6und in hig,breast. to sje8 looked toWard her, and acemi'<rto8W-~"Murdercfls!" Ami the master of the liougo-what he saw was thia; a li£o that had no meaning, ft trampled love, a shattered faith, a broken heart:. Hig.own. Want to change with thorn 1" asked the woman la the red cup and black cloak, "Can, if you choose." "For the dear Ziord's sake, take us home," cried the tailoress. There they wertf opposite each other in the two chair, Iha^lighta- still,gleamed froui the windows of tha hoaao over, the way, and carriages were rolling from the door. V It'a queer," said tho iailoiy " It's awfully queer,".said tho tailoress, "I suppose it a all a dream," said the tailor. '""Tea, darling,"saidth^ tailoress. " Blessed little Dolly," sisld the tailor, " I wouldn't bo her for a liingdom," aaid Dolly. . .. J wouldn't be him fqr a world," said'the tailor. ; " And how nice it is," said the lailoreaa, "to look into the hall bedroom and ace 'era so. comfortable-baby between us, aud Sally and Kitty in the trundle- bed." " Yes, Dolly," aaid the tailor. " it don't take a witch to tell us that riches by them selves don't make happiness. It's better to be honeat and pure and ashamed of nothing, than to roll in gold with a picked secret on he mind. ,s We'll pray for those poor rich people to* night, Dolly," "Amen," aaid tho tailoress. 