Children. My Little Neighbour. A storm; Jane day. How steadily the rain fell and how the wind moaned. Bat any one looking into onr eheerinl sitting room mast have forgotten the state of the weather, for a bright fire snapped and crackled in the grate, and Claire Wilson was seated on the hearth-rng just at my feet with a gray kitten in her armB. Claire’s happy face made sunshine all about. Her doll wrb sleeping upon my knee while I busily worked at a pink party dress for Miss Miriam Yellowtress ; quite a long name for a rather small doll: it took Claire three days to think of it. You see Miss Miriam Tellowtress had been invited to a dolU’ party, and so Claire, my little next door neighbor, had come in to talk it all over with me. “ And sha shall wear her blue silk dress with the blue sash again,” announced Claire, smoothing her doll’s carls tenderly. “ She ought to have another party dress,” I said. " How would pink silk do ?” “ Beautiful I It would just suit her cheeks, Miss May,” cried Claire. “ Well, she shall have one of that oolour, then, and I’ll make it for her.” I ran away for the material, whioh Claire pronounced •' just lovely.” “ It’s a pieoo of ouc o£ my danaing-school dreeees—I wore it when I was not much bigger than you are, Claire,” I Eaid. And now dolly must bo measured." And so she was, and the drsss once fairly started pro gressed rapidly. Miss Miriam YellowtresB dozed before the fire, Claire hugged her kitten upon the hearth-rug and chatted blithely to me as I recked and hemmed and at length finished the simple trained Ekirt. Then the tiny waist was commenced, end Claire, growing seEtloss, commenced dancing about tbo room and singing, or paused to lean against my chair and bestow an earnest kiss upon my cheek. " Shall I read yon a Btory, Miss May ?’’ asked Claire. “ Yes, pot, do,” I said. • So she chose a book from the oentre table and eurled herself up on the rug at my feet again. Now Claire is Eix years old, and can read very well if she takes time to puzzle the long words out. This time she never seemed to notice- whether Iho words were long or short. The title of the book she held was “Longfellow’s Poems,” and this is Claire’s ‘‘ Ones there was a littla girl who went to eohool every day, almost, but ones in a while, when it stormed, her mamma would give her a holiday. Sha almost always spent the holiday with a young lady who lived next door to her. C'aire—I mean the little girl—loved this young lady, oh, very, very much 1” Hera Claire aaught my hand and gave it a warm squeeze. “ A lovely bird sang all day long in the window of Mies May’s sitting-room, and gold-fish swam forever in a globo. The llowers looked so pretty that grew in a long box in the window. Once I oarried a bunch home that Miss May had given me, and they were so Bweet every one wanted to know where they oame from, and I told them, and Undo Wilbur took one and gave me a large orange £or it.” “ Now, Claire,” I oried, 11 you are just making all that up I” “ No, it’s all true—it’s a true story,” said Claire, earnestly ; then she said, “ There's a nice kitty at Miss May’s; it will corae to mo when I call it—it hasn’t any name but kitty. I think it ought to have a namo be sides that.” “ You can give it one now, if you want to,” II Oh, can I?” cried Claire, eo joyously that any ouc might havo fanoiod I had just made her a present of five pounds. “ Well, would Minnie do for a name? No— it would take too long to call—something short. Let mo see. Pan—I don’t ’zaclly like that—oh, / know ! Let's call her Pinky. Pinky, dear, cunning Pinky, look up. 1" To Claire’s delight, the kitten raised her little gray head and looked up. She likes her name; she almost laughed, she’s so plejoed !”cried Clare, excitedly. Then, after petting puss a few moments, she picked up her book and went ou with her story : — “ Miss May and I go to the same church; Bhe teaohes rao in the Sunday school; there aye four otlior girls in the olass and ouch one wants to tit by Miss May, so wo have to take turns at it. Christmas Miss May gave mo a most beautiful book with a green and gold cover, and a picture with a shepherd holding a dear little lamb in bis arms. I read the book Sundays. Then cno day when I was up in Miss May’s room, sho opened a drawer in her desk and gave mo a lovely gol.l i encil. I often wear it around my neck by a ribbon. Unde Wilbur has a splendid horse that ha calls Suitan; sometimes he takes me out ior a drive on his tall cart—ho often takeB Miss May out. My doll is going to a grand party next week; she will wear a pink silk dreES, and her first train—it’s going to look beautiful, and after the party Pm going lo tell MisB_May all about is. Miss May is mukieg the dress; she is sitting near me, and her cheeks aro as rod as roses. I think she sits too near the fire, for her cheeks ara hardly ever eo red.” “ It is warm,” murmured Miss May. 11 Next summer wc aro going to have a cotlege by tho seashore. I shall dig with clam-shells in the eaud every day and build forts. Miss May isn’t sewing now she’s rocking herself to and fro, and so I’ll stop reading." Then Claire and I proceeded to array Miss Miriam in the party dress that I had just completed ; it set c>3 her blonde loveliness to perfection, and she looked- eo fascinating that we felt compelled to kiEB her for being so pretty. Indeed, Claire was so pleased tha't she clapped -her hands with delight, and then pranced all around the room, finally springing into my arm3 and nearly Etnothering me with kisses. Then Miss Yellowtress whs taken into tho next room to mamma. I could hear Claire's eager voice explaining and admiring it all, and mamma’s comments; and then bask the little girl came fluttering to my eide liks a bird. Miriam Yellowtress was laid upon the table, and then, without so much a9 “ by your leave,” Clairs sprang into my arms and dropped her golden head upon my shoulder. 11 Now it’s my turn; Miss Miriam Yellow tress has had you for a loDg time. Tell me a story, Miss May, please.” So 1 told her about the day that kitty was brought to my doer in a littla basket—a pre sent from a cousin of miDC who was going South ior tho winter. I told her how strange kitty felt at firsthand mewed end mewed, and even scratched mo when I took her up in my arms and tried to oomrort her. But kitty and I were how the best oi friends, and she had forgotten to feel lonely. Then we went to the window and looked out at the.rain. It dashed against the win dow-pane, and the wind ehook the trees until they ewaved and bent before the blast, as though trembling and afraid of its fury, rhe sky was lowering ; some of the clouds were of an inky blackness. We sat there until twilight oame on, and still it rained. ‘‘ Don’t you feel awfully lonely, Mias May?” ;aid Claire, “ I do. I like to feel so some “What a funny child you are I” I said. •How can you like to feel'lonely, pet?” “ Well, solemn, then. Do tell ms a ghost itory please." - “Not I, sweetheart. Besides, I don’t mow one to tell, as I Devcr read them. Tako by advics, Claire—never listen to ghost itories; you may laugh at them in broad iaylight, but when you awake'at night they yill seem very different." . A storm ol wind shook the casement; hai< was mingled with the rain. Then mamma entered the room and exclaimed: ii Why, how dismal you both loot Bitting , there in the dark with you arms around each other like the babee in the wood.” I The cheery voiee broke the epell; we left! the storm to take care of itself. I lighted the lamp with its amber-tinted globe, stirred the fire till it snapped and blazed np cheer fully, drew the orimson curtains together, and all in a moment, onr dneby room was transformed. How delicionely cosy and comfortable it seemed 1 Claire and I had a merry time—a goy, good time—until some one came to take my little friend away from And the dollB’ party ? Oh, it was a grand success, and, best of nil, Miss Yellowtress was the belle of the ball. 