ORIGINAL POETRY. A SPORTING BALLAD. BRUCE'S GRAND NATIONAL. As Told bt Himself. Though a dumb friend only that could not He, Ae no callca me once In a bitter mood. He talked to me freely In limes gone by; And I flatter myself I understood As much as the mar.y who cheer him now When on public platforms be makes his bow. And he whispered oft in those early days, Of the wonderful eyes of winsome May, Of the charm of hor sinning, her witching ways, And what she had said, and what she would say, As he rubbed me down, when his grooms were few. And the world nor Bruoe nor bis master knew. He was only a struggling farmer then, With mortgages heavy on all but me; He had yet no sense of his sway of men, And my crowning triumph was yet to be; But each in bis turn made a winning name— The horse and the man, as occasion came. Ah ! he told me once in those later years, That of all he had won his wife was best, Which carried mc back to those doubts and fears Which " Bruce's Grand National" laid to rest— The best race of my life I ran that day, For the sake of bim and his darling May. His dclicato May with the dreamful eyes— Ills beautiful May with the wavy hair, With the roice whose music too seldom flics To my old cars now as in days that were— His May with the bands that, to use the terra Of her grey mare Gossip, were light but Arm. Ah ! a jade was Gossip, and rightly styled, For, whenever our owners used to ride At leisurely pace through the bushlaud wild, And we together were side by side, She would tell her mistress had long been taught Ho hearken to suitors of richer sort. A bibulous owner of acres broad, With a lowly name but a lordly purse. Would purchase her youth with his lifetime's hoard ; For our May to wed him was not averse— Such was the slander the mare bad pat; But Burton and Bruce knew better than that. For master and horse in one faith agreed— The cardinal point was the tru-'h of May— When oft in my btail he repeated that creed ; I would tub my nose on his arm, to say In an equine manner, I wished them well— And, late in the summer, it thus befell. At close of a long and a lazy ride, By the winding river the lovers strolled, While Gossip and t to a tree were tied. To rest in the shade of the wottlc-gold— And when they returned, in their eves I saw That love unto each was the highest law. How that new-born light in the eyes of May Hid transflzure her girlish oval f»cc. As once, ere t hey .freed us, she o«ned his sway, And yielded herself to h.s strong embrace, I shall ne'er (otget tiil I hear the hounds In cry in my happier hunting-grounds. ■' Her father was firm, and my chance was small The money to make for many a year; So on you old Bruce I have rUkcd my all. The debt-laden farm I must lose or clear— For dreams that were dearest of all I dreamed Arc rudely dispelled till my land's redeemed." Thus lie spake ihe morn he returned from town, " It is now or never—one only way— A coup or a crash ; though moralists frown At my risking all for the sake of May, It must never be said, howe'er it be, That her youth was wasted to waft for me." I pricked up my cars; he went on to tell Mow again we must face the starter's flag And the heavy fencing we loved so well, Though not, as of yore, for a '' ladies' bag," Or a hunt club cup in tbc sporting West, But in tbe Grand National with the best. Ah! my old blood coursed at the thrilling thought— To measure myself with the cracks nt last. The Gippsland-bred and tbe Uallarat-taughr, So sure at their fences and yet so fast; Though a difficult tisk it was to set, He knew I had never shirked contest yet So I was to carry the future fete Of his darling May over fence and wall, And all that remained ol his poor estate— On mc, as he said, he hid risked his all; To attempt denial would be no use. I was proud of bis boundless faith in Bruce. While Gossip and mistress were far away, And my pace was lazy no longer now,' On many an'autumn and winter day Together we worked as wc best knew how, My master and I, with a single aim, To win if we could or be beatcu game. A couple of weeks ere tbe race was due, On a blustoring day in bleak July, When heaven showed never a glimpse of blue, We started for Melbourne my form to try ; And little wc recked that the skies were grey, Such a sunny welcome was ours from May. Unchangeable May with the dear brown eyes, Not a whit less true for her trip to town— " Hear Burton," she said. " we are far trom wise, But, oh ! I am gladdened to see you down ; And though Bruce should fail us, I mean to wait Till ills master is ready, soon or late." The touts, though they rose in the early morn, Wc-re late for the trial I won with case; And my chance they canvassed with touch of scorn, Finding strange defects in my loins and knees. And the manner I galloped and style I loopt— But, yet in the betting 1 upward crept. The Ballarat stables we feared the most There was AustcrUtz, of Tasmanian breed, And the great grey gelding they called The Ghost, And a mare who was mis-named Centipede, Who we knew could jump, and they said could stay— And later we thought very tuuoh as they. From sky-domo of sapphire, unfleckcd by a cloud, The sun shone respU-ndent that glorious day, When, long cro the race, through tbe clamorous crowd, He brought to the " Birdcage " his beautiful May. She strove hard to smile, as I ventured to push My nose to iter liaud to be stroked as of yore ; " For sake of tbose long lazy rides through the bush," fctae whispered; and then her brief visit was o'er. Not only I longed then to win me the fame And splendid excitement of leading the Geld; For May and my master I vowed to run game— For May and my master my sinews were steeled. " What duffer is that?" " Is he dead or asleep?'* " His owner has backed him," " He ought to run last," " My luck has run out, I have Bruce in a sweep," Were comments 1 beard from the people who pass'd.. But " Bruce is my choice," said a Warrnambool friend, ' Who knew me of old, as he looked round (he shed, " Well worthy of trust, ho will last to tbe end ; The horse and his rider are both thoroughbred," Then baok came my master; and soon on the sward, All bridled and saddled and ready, I stood. Afar, I could hear how our prices were roared ; And near, I could learn how some thought mo no good. Bound Austerlite circled au open-mouthed crowd, Who knew where the Ballarat money was placed— " A moral," his confident owner avowed— He saw " six to tour " ere tbe starter be faced. The Ghost was negicoted with Centipede soon. The " punters"all followed tbe chink of the gold, The Glppalauder swore by the bay Ootoroon, As Cnootaw was hardly tho Ghootaw of old; And Dodger had friends from the Adelaide side But many s sportsman who bailed from the West Bald, " Brace bears my money, whatever betide; Good luolc to you, Burton; we hope for the best." In dark blue and gold was my master arrayed, A new racing jacket, the guerdon of May— The bell rang a warning—with still face and staid He mounted me qutokly and rode me away. Ah 1 gaily I cantered past paddook and lawn To whoro weWero marshalled, caoh into his place. " We nvusl win, old hoy, for wo both are in pawn," was all that he said ere we started to raoe. The Ghost from lilng Ptolemy led by the stand, And Dodger and Choctaw were next In the van, Then Austeriftz headed the rest of the hand, And Oentipcde nearly the last of them ran. And almost abreast of ttao Ballarat mare 1 steadily galloped, and with her I .flew The atone wall—and still to this day 1 declare She was just the prettiest fencer 1 knew. King Ptolemy fell o'er the logs like a loon, And Dodger ran off the wrong Bide of a post, And Choctaw the ancient and bay Octoroon Along by the river sailed up to The Ghost. To run for my life I felt thoroughly fit, I passed half a dozen who seemed to stand still, And ncaring the favourite, steadied a bit, While Centipede showed us her heels with a will. I waited on Austerlite round to the turn, I followed him faithfully into the straight, The bliss of those moments was something to earn, I rose as he landed With eureucse of fate. Ne'er sleuth-hound his victim more stubbornly chased Thau I did the pick of the Gallarat batch, We caught up to Choctaw, Tho Ghost we outpaced— At that time t reckoned the race was a match. First over tho wall sprang the brave little mare, The Gippslandcr just saved a fatal mistake, After Austerlitz took it, I rose In the air And found myself safe in the favourite's wake. All over the logs—the iuare still with tho lead Then Au terliiz closed at the bridge with the bay, And presently left him in Bpite of his speed, And 1, too, flew by hitn and pounded away. We settled with Centipede on the far side— At least, so we thought as site yielded her place Then liruce had to gallop, and Burton to ride, To keep near the crack in that glorious race. The abattoirs pissed—he was leading a length lie stretched it to three as wc ran round the bend My master Bpokc after of nursing my strength ; All I know I had not too uiuch at the end. One loud cry exultant of •' Austeriitz !" rose— Ah 1 fatal last leap that made backers to moan 1 The favourite fell—then, at last free from foes, 1 made up the straight, as I fancied, alone. But suddenly, as though she dropped from the skies Above us, or sprang through Lite earth from the deuce, That marvellous mare was alongside ere I Heard " Centipede !" mingling with shouting of " Bruce!" She led me—I passed her—she caught me again— Ah, de?pcrate riding! whips whistled, and spurs Left signs of sore struggle on sides of us twain Before 1 lost sight ol that black head of hers. Wc rushed by the bo*, and our fighting was done, I And loud rang the cheers from lawn, hilltop, and flat, By scarce half a length from the mare it was won, 'And Button and Bruce very thankful for that. When Burton returned from the scales, quoth he, As they rubbed uic down ere he went to May, ' It was touch and go, but no ftiend for uu Ever fought so hard as old Bruce to-day." And cleansed front the sweat and the blood and foaru, 1 was wairnly c'othed tor my journey home. And the clad girl came, when the crowd had gone; And well for the struggle was I repaid By the thankful light in her eyes that shone. And the grateful smile round her lips that played ; ' Dear old Bruce," she said—but it is not meet The praises she showered to now repeat. And life with us three has since then gone well He now a " grand national party " leads— And when they come to the run for a sped the will ride me only of all his steeds; And no other like me she pats and pets— She *' Brucc'a Grand National" ne'er forgets. CHARLES ALLAN SHERARD. 