SPORTING. YORK JOCKEY CLUB. Stewards : Messrs. G. PARKER, J. M. CRAIG, R. G. BURGES, E. PARKER, C. T. MASON, F. CRAio,.ond W. L. HOOPS. Handicapper : Mr. E. T. HOOLEY. CJsrfc of the Course : Mr. W. T. CRAIG. Starter: Mr. E. F. DARLOT. Judge: Mr. C. EDWARDS. Secretary : Mr. C. HORLEY. FIRST DAY. The annual meeting of the York Jockey Club was commenced on Easter Monday, under the most favourable conditions as far as the weather was concerned. Although Jupiter Pluvius was extremely lavish of his favors on Friday and Saturday, he was gracious enough to withheld them on the day of the meeting. A few threatening clouds hovered over the hills, in the morning, but as the day wore on, the sun completely dispersed them. The day was glorious, and the air fresh and invigorating. The running track, owing to the race, was rather muddy and heavy, but the heat of the sun soon remedied this defect, and towards the close of the day the going was all that could be desired. His Excellency the Governor, accompanied by his aide-de-camp, Capt. Pilkington, arrived on Sunday, having left the Easter encampment at Guildford to catch the special train. From the encampment to the train, His Excellency was accompanied by a guard of honor under the command of Lieut. Colonel Phillimore. The number of visitors from the metropolis was unusually large, both the Imperial and Castle Hotels being completely filled with those lovers of " the sport of kings " who make an annual pilgrimage to York. Many ladies, residents and visitors, graced the course with their presence, one and all taking a lively interest in the racing and appearing to thoroughly enjoy themselves. Amongst others we noticed Mrs. and Miss Whitfield, Mrs. Alex. Forrest, Mrs. E. C. Shenton, Mrs. A. P. Turnbull, Mrs. Bolton, Mrs. Geo. Parker, and Mrs. Bennion. The first days proceedings were agreeably terminated by a concert held in the Oddfellows' Hall, the local talent being assisted by Mr. Cheesewright and Mr. Clough. The refreshment stall under the Grand Stand was ably conducted by Mr. Armstrong of the Imperial Hotel, refreshments also being provided outside by various holders of stalls. The usual games which always obtain on a racecourse abounded, including the gaming wheels, which were largely patronised. The Stewards and various officials carried out their duties to the satisfaction of everyone. Great praise is due to Mr. C. Horley for the manner in which he discharged his duties as Secretary. Mr. Everard Darlot wielded the starter's flag with great success, dismissing all his fields to first rate starts. The racing was not altogether a success, as in the races for thoroughbreds, the fields were small owing to the breaking down of Footprint and the absence of Mr. Rotton's string in the North West. The handicapping was also responsible for the few starters as Gunpowder and Footprint were pitchforked into the Flying Handicap, York Cup, and Easter Handicap. Gunpowder easily appropriated the Flying Handicap, his only opponent being Blacklock. Although the latter ran an excellent race, he was outclassed at the finish. Oberon started favorite for the first heat of the Selling Race, and managed to squeeze home first by a head, being unexpectedly pushed by Skimmer who was scratched for the second heat, for which Oberon again carried most of the public confidence, the time being pressed severely by game old Randolph, who was thoroughly at home on the course. The race par excellence of the day was the West Australian Plate, for which all entered on the card, faced the starter. Valentine, who was in the pink of condition, was favorite at even money, and fully justified the confidence of his supporters. Lowlands: was not looking so well as when he won in Perth, but ran better than was expected, and had he been sent along a little earlier in the race might have caught the judge's eye first Progress performed fairly, but Blacklock and Nimrod were disappoint- ing. Although the little chestnut ran well for half a mile, his bolt was shot after the first turn was negotiated. Red Cross proved himself possessed of a brilliant turn of speed, and led the van a merry dance for more than half the journey, when his 2lbs. overweight caused him to cry a-go. First King was in splendid nick, and distinguished himself by carrying 7st. 5lbs. into fourth place. The Avoca Plate brought out only two starters, viz. : Duration and Gunpowder. The son of Guinea was favorite at 2 to 1 on, and although he ran the race slowly in a manner to suit the topweight, he secured the judge's verdict by a neck. Pallin displayed finished horsemanship, and this fact materially aided the son of Mr. Strickland's colt, which was as popular as Mr. George Parker's success with Valentine, both gentlemen being greeted with cheers after their horses were weighed in'. Subjoined is a detailed account of the racing : FLYING HANDICAP-Of £25. i mile. Start noon. Mr. W. Strickland's Gunpowder, 3yrs. 7st. (Corbett) 1 Mr. G. A. Towton's Blacklock, 3yrs. 6st. 2lbs. (carried 5lbs. overweight) (Cox) 2 Betting 3 to 1 on Gunpowder. A good start was effected ; after travelling about twenty yards, the favourite drew away and was never caught. Coming into the straight Blacklock was two lengths behind, and under the leather, the stick being plied lustily all the way up the straight, but without avail, for the handsome and compact son of Guinea won easily by four lengths. Time 1min. 19 secs. Totalizator dividend, 12s. SELLING RAGE, Of £30. Heats. If entered to be sold for £40, weight for age 14 lbs. allowance for every reduction of £10 in price of horse entered. Winner to be sold by public auction immediately after the race. Surplus to go to the Club. Once round the course. FIRST HEAT. Mr. A. Forrest's Oberon (£30),' aged, 7st. 111\. (Corbett) 1 Mr. W. G. Leeder's Skimmer (£30),4yrs., 8st. (carried 4lb over) (Leeder) ... 2 Mr. G. A. Towton's Randolph (£20), aged, 6st. 111. (Cox) 3 Mr. G. Lilly's Savanaka (£30), aged, 7st. 111\. (Pereira) ... ' 0 Oberon was the favourite at even money. Mr. Darlot dismissed the quartette to 4 fair start, Savanaka leading round the first turn. Skimmer, who was last away, being whipped. At the east end of the course Savanaka was still leading, Oberon being second, Randolph third, and Skimmer still last. At the back of the course Oberon was in command of affairs, Randolph being second, and Sav- snake third. Skimmer now began to shift along at a smarter pace, and was leading at the west end turn, Oberon being second. At the turn for home Mr. Leeder's horse kept his position, Oberon, Randolph, and Savanaka following in the order named. All were under the whip coming home, and a splendid finish resulted between Oberon and Skimmer, the former securing the verdict by a head, Randolph, three lengths away, third, Savanaka close up, last. Time, 2" mins. 47 sees. ' Totalisator dividend, 18s. 2nd HEAT Mr. A. Forrest's Oberon, 7st. clubs., . (Corbett) 1 Mr. G. A. Towton's Randolph, (1st. Illbs. (Coxan Mr. G. Lilly's Savanaka, 7st. clubs. ' (Pereira) 3 Skinner was scratched. Oberon was again the favorite. "The trio were sent off to a rattling story, Savanaka at once taking last position. Oberon led round the first turn by two lengths, Randolph drawing on him at the back of the course, where Savanaka was hopelessly in the year, some twenty lengths off. _ Under the hill the old chestnut i the" straight i engines on. buyer are now the old traced with tbalfadèrj and entering I night was only half a length behind I Mr. Forrest's horse. Cox now began to lay on the whip, to which his horse responded by keeping his position and pushing the winner, only losing by a neck. Time, 2min. 45sec. Totalisator dividend, 13s. The winner was sold by auction to Mr. C. E. Dempster for £38. HACK RACE of 12. Winner to be sold for 20, immediately after the race, by public auction. Surplus to go to the Race Club. Catch weights. Once round the course. Mr. G. A. Towton's Randolph (Cox) ... I Lady Jane .... .... ... " The Ghost. 3 Randolph led from the jump to the finish. He was sold to Mr. A. Forrest for £17. WEST AUSTRALIAN PLATE of 250. Handicap for West Australian bred horses only. Distance 11 miles. Mr. Geo. Parker's Valentine, aged, 7st. 3lbs. (Corbett) 1 Messrs. Towton S Wallis' Lowlander, 4 yrs., 7st. 12lbs. (Mitchell) 2 Mr. W. G. Leeder's Progress, aged, 8st. 3lbs. (Giblin's Mr. Naylor's First King, aged, 7st. 2lb. (carried 3lbs. over) (Pereira) ... 0 Mr. G. A. Towton's Blacklock, 3yrs., 6st. 12lbs. (Cox). Mr. W. G. Leeder's Skim mor, 4yrs, 8st. 31bs(Leeder).0 Mr. B. McArdle's Nimrod, 4 years, 8st. (carried 5lbs. over) (Brown). 0 Mr. W. Strickland's Red Cross, 3 years, 6st. (carried 12lbs. over) (Guppy) 0 There was no betting, but Valentine was less than level money in the machine. Valentine's condition reflected great credit on Mr. Parker ; he was, in fact, in the best order of any horse on the course. Lowlander was not nearly as gay as when he appropriated the colonial bred race at the last Perth meeting. Blacklock was much fancied and was in fair order, Progress also had a few admirers. Nimrod was rather fractious at the start, and broke away twice. When the flag fell, all got away nicely together, and passed the stand in a bunch, excepting Low lander, Progress, and Skinner who were behind the Sold a few yards. Rounding the first bend, Red Cross shot out from the track followed by Nimrod, First King, and Valentine in the order named. At the back of the course the order was Red Cross, Valentine, Blacklock ; Nimrod having fallen back beaten. Under the bill Valentine cut down Red Cross, whose bolt was shot, and assumed command of affairs, Blacklock being in close attendance. The field now bunched together. At the west end Valentine had increased his lead to three lengths, and Lowlander, who was coming up with a wet sail was his nearest attendant. Progress was also sent along, and entering the straight the order was Valentine, Lowlander and Progress. ' All were now under the whip, but no alteration was made in the position of the leaders, Valentine just stalling off Lowlander and winning by half a length, Progress a length and a half away third, First King fourth, a neck from Progress, Black look, Skimmer, Nimrod, and Red Cross following in the order named. Time, 2min. 52sec. Totalisator dividend, 17s. AVON PLATEAU £60. Weight for age. 2 miles. Mr W. Strickland's br h Gunpowder, 3yrs, Guinea-Squib, 8st. 2lbs., (Pullen) crimson and white.... 1 Messrs. Towton and Wallace's blk h Duration aged, Hughenden - Hinno mangle, 9st. 4lbs. (Cleverley) Pink and blue .... .... 2 Footprint was scratched. The race was witnessed by all sportsmen with thrilling interest. Gunpowder was the favorite at odds of 2 to 1 on him, and although he ran the race slowly in a manner suitable to Duration, finishing fast, he won by a neck. Both got away well, and passing the stand were pulling double. A little later on, a dog ran over the coarse, and was run over by Gunpowder. It was fortunate the crack three-year-old was not much thrown out of his stride, but as it was he lost about two lengths ; however, he quickly regained the lost ground, and at the back of the course was leading by about a length. Under the hill the old horse drew up level. At the west end both jockeys began to ride in earnest, and a ding dong race ensued all up the straight, but the son of Guinea, who was admirably ridden was not to be denied, winning by a short neck. Time 4min. 12 SECOND DAY. Tuesday was a lovely day and the course was in far better condition than it was on Monday. The attendance was large and the Governor was again present. The Pony Race in heats was the one feature which marred an otherwise highly successful meeting. This race detained the public for quite an hour and a half and was of little or no interest. It ended in the disqualification for three years, of Donovan, the rider of Two- penny. When Uralla arrived on the course to meet her Cup engagement she was admired by everyone and was considered to have a great show in the Cup. but unfortunately for her owner, Dr. O'Meehan, she was fractious at the start and when the flag dropped she bolted inside the Course thereby throwing away her chance. Gunpowder won the York Cup and Easter Handicap, fully sustaining his previous reputation. Progress ran extremely well in the Cup finishing far better than was expected of her. Valentine was defeated in the Member's Handicap by Blacklock, but bad Mr. Parker kept closer to the black colt he might have reversed the verdict. Skimmer appropriated the Ladies' Purse, scoring a well deserved and long awaited win for that true sportsman, Mr. W. G. Leeder. In the Easter Handicap Valentine astonished everybody by the way he pressed the winner, Duration being completely out of the hunt. It would be wrong to close this report without giving a word of praise to the hosts of the Castle and Imperial Hotels for the manner in which they cared for the comfort of the numerous visitors, who completely over- ran their houses. The first race was the YORK CUP HANDcAR Qf £100. 2 miles, Start at noon. Mr. W- Strickland's. Gunpowder, 3yrs. 6st. 7lbs. (Cox) . Mr. W. G. Leeder's Progress,, aged 6st. 2lbs. (Corbett) . Dr. O'Meehan's Uralla, 4yrs. 7st. 4lbs. (Rushton) . Duration and Footprint were scratched. Betting 3 to 1 on Gunpowder. After the trio were dismissed by Mr. Darlot, Uralla bolted inside the course, and when she was set going she was so far behind that her owner ordered her to be pulled up. Gunpowder and Progress raced level all the journey, till the West end of the course was reached, when Mr. Leeder's horse led slightly, but the son of Guinea drew up level, entering the straight as Progress was in trouble and under the whip. The colt won easily by two lengths. Time 3min. 47 James, Dividend 14s. MEMBERS' HANDICAP of 25. For W.A. bred horses only. Amateur riders. Minimum weight 9st 6lbs. One mile and a half. Mr. G. A. Towton's Blacklock, 3 yrs., 9st. 5lbs. (owner). Mr. Geo. Parker's Valentine, aged, 10st. 7lbs. (owner). Mr. Naylor's First King, aged, 10st. 12lbs. (Mr. H. Darlot) . Mr. A. W. Armstrong's Comins, aged, 9st. 6lbs. (Mr. Kinlan) . Mr. W. Strickland's Red Cross, 3yrs, 9st. 6lbs. (Mr. D. Leeder).,. Skinner and Nimrod were scratched. Valentine 'was favorite at even money. The quintette was dismissed to a capital start. Passing the stand First King, Blacklock and Valentine were breached, Comes and Red Cross being last. At the east end Valentine was in the van, Blacklock second, and First King third, but under the "hill First King was leading, followed by Valentine and Black- lock. When they swung round the west end of the course Valentine and First King were racing together with Blacklock handy. At the turn into the straight Towton's colt was ahead followed by First King ; here Valentine who had allowed the leader too much, rope, cut down the' grey and started in pursuit of the black colt, but too late to overhaul him, he winning by' two lengths, [First King, eight lengths away third, Conjus fourth, and Red Cross last'. ' Messrs. Towton, Darlot, and Parker all' rode well. Time, 2min, SOmes. Dividend 93. 38. PONY RACE (in heats) of £5. Ponies not to exceed 142 hands. Catch weights. Post Entries. Once round the course. 1st Heat. Twopenny (Donovan) 1 Nelly 2 Flower 3 The winner had the race in hand all the way, coming in first by about three lengths. Dividend 18s. 2nd Heat. Nelly 1 Twopenny ridden by Donovan had the race in hand until he reached the West end of the course, where the pony ran off down a road leading on to the course. Donovan was disqualified for three years. The Stewards rightly putting down such questionable conduct with a high hand. 3RD. HEAT. Nelly. Walk over LADIES' PURSE Of £20. Selling Race. Heats. Same conditions as Selling Race. One mile. Lowlander and Valentine were scratched. 1ST HEAT. Mr. Naylor's First King (£30), 7st. Miss. (Mitchell) 3 Mr. G. Lilly's Savanaka (£20), Ost. clubs. (Kirkly Mr. W. G. Leeder's Skimmer (£30), 8st. (Giblin) 3 Oberon and Randolph also started. The start was a bad one. Oberon led for most of the way. First King won by a bead. Skimmer two lengths from Savanaka third. Time, 1min. 54sec. Dividend, £2 12s. 2ND HEAT. Skimmer .... ... 1 Savanaka First King. 3 Won by half a length. Skimmer carried 4lb. overweight. FINAL HEAT. Skimmer (4lbs. over) 1 First King. 2 Only two started.. The grey led for half a mile, when Skimmer took the lead and kept it, winning by three lengths. No time taken. Dividend 14s. The winner was bought in by the owner for £30. EASTER HANDICAP of £20. - One mile. Mr. W. Strickland's Gunpowder, 7st. 2lbs. (Cox). Mr. Geo. Parker's Valentine Gate. 61. (Corbett) 2 Dr. O'Meehan's Uralla, 8st. (Rushton) 3 Messrs. Towton S Wallis' Duration, 10st. 8lb. (Towton's Mr. 55. McArdle's Nimrod, 6st. 8lb. ... 0 Mr. A.W. Armstrong's Comus, Gat (carried 12lbs. over) Mitchell 0 Footprint was scratched. The start was an indifferent and straggling one. Nimrod at once showed to the front, followed by Valentine and Duration. At the west end the order was unchanged, and entering the straight all were under the leather. Gunpowder made his effort about 300 yards from home, and caught the judge's eye half a length in front of Valentine, who ran very gamely, Uralla being three lengths away, third. Time 1 min. 47sec. Dividend 15s. The amount passed through, the totalizator for the two days was £552 10s. ONKAPARINGA (S.A.) R.C. MEETING. [BY TELEGRAPH.] (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) ADELAIDE, April 23. The annual meeting of the Onkaparinga Racing Club took place yesterday, at the Oakbank racecourse. The weather was very delightful, and this, and the anticipation of some excellent sport were the means of attracting a large crowd of spectators to the course. Fully twelve hundred were present, and witnessed some very fine running. The following are particulars of the race : HANDICAP HURDLE RACE. Sluggard (Corrigan) 1 Banker (Neal) . 2 Wallaby (Forest). 3 Also ran, Snapdragon, Young Agent, Richmond, Simpleton and Steelbit. Betting, 5 to 4 on Sluggard, 4 to 1 against Banker, 8 to 1 each Snapdragon and Young Agent. A splendid race, won by Sluggard by two lengths. Time, 3 mins. 2 secs. TRIAL STAKES, My Ideal (Quinn). 1 Lady Kintore (Ellis) 2 Rival (Rinker) 3 Nine horses ran. Betting even Lady Kintore, 4 to 1 Wattle, 6 to 1 others. Won easily. ONKAPARINGA Cup, Micawber, 9st. 2lbs., including 5lbs. over, (Warrall) 1 Victor (Hopwood). 2 Merry Soul (Fowler) 3 Bachelor, Ivanhoe, Riohrnpnd., Vanity, Don, Britannia, and Beggarman also ran. Betting -5 to 1 against ¿|icawh.er, 4 to 1 Bachelor, 6 to 1 Viator and Ivanhoe, 10 to 1 others. Won in a canter by two lengths. Bachelor, Ivanhoe, and Britannia felt. GREAT EASTERN STEEPLECHASE. Flashlight (Corrigan) 1 Saxon (Edge) 2 Ashes (D. O'Brien). 3 Also ran: Skylark II, Tamanack, Bordeaux, Mahdi, Receipt, Pacific, Specialist, Sweep, and Skylark. Betting 5 to 4 against Flashlight, 4 to 1 Saxon, 7 to 1 each Ashes and Mahdi, 10 to 1 Bordeaux and Skylark H. During the last mile the race was confined to Flashlight, Saxon, Skylark II, Bordeaux, and Ashes, over the lost three fences Flashlight and Saxon being just in front of the three others. Flashlight led ever the last fence, and won, after a splendid race, by a length. Bordeaux fell at the last fence, and Mahdi at the first double. HILLS RAILWAY STAKES, Ynle (Fagg) 1 Britannia (Petre). 2 Coldstream (Bull). 3 Eleven ran. Betting 6 to 4 against Coldstream, 5 to 2 against Micawber, 5 to 1 the Yule, 10 to 1 the others. Won by half a length, and there was a narrow neck between the second and third horses. AMATEUR STEEPLECHASE.. Crusades 1 Wallaby 2 Toby 3 A.J.C. AUTUMN MEETING FIRST DAY. [BY TELEqB_AïH}. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) SYDNEY, April 22. The following is a list of the winners and placed horses in the chief events to-day : Autumn Stakes: Abercorn 1, Carbine 2, Australian Peer 3. A. J.C. St. Leger : Meets 1, Volley 2, Blue Nose 3. Doncaster Handicap: Rnsaaly 1, Plutarch 2, Lady Kingsborough ¡k 