The Storyteller. Her Vote and Interest. BY MARY HANNAY FOOTT. [WRITTEN FOR THE QUEENSLANDER.] CHAPTER XIV. Early on Tuesday morning the rain which had been threatening began to fall, and nothing more was needed to make the little town—only the day before so full of gaiety and happiness —a picture of wretchedness and misery. The goods-shed was crowded with houseless families from the Flat. Others of the refugees had found shelter in the boot factory, in the State school, in the tents just vacated by the sailors, or with friends or neighbours. The towns people vied with one another in kindness to the unfortunates, and benefactions of food and clothing from other places were already on their way. But nothing could dissipate the prevailing gloom. Many hard-working people had lost everything they possessed—cottage, furniture, tools—even their goats and fowls. Much of the property on the Flat which had been built by Steinherz was swept away, and his own residence, so far as could be seen, appeared a perfect wreck. The bridge itself, over the approaches to which the river was now flowing, looked as if it might give way at any moment. Such was the aspect of affairs when, a little before noon, a boat rowed by four men emerged from the timbered bend between Steinherz's house and the site of the workmen's bridge, made its way up stream for a little distance, then passed over the now submerged ridge into the Flat, and shortly afterwards was beached close to the corner of Dallas's paddock, the keel grating on the blackened embers of last night's fire. Miss Alder and May were just sitting down to lunch when they saw Andrew Douglas enter the gate of The Banksias. Both of them, although they had rested for an hour or two during the morning, were still weary and somewhat excited with the events of the night. May, as soon as she observed the visitor's approach, looked keenly at her aunt, and noticed that, though she changed colour, she evidently had no intention of doing anything unconventional in the matter of his reception. Such self-possession was too much for May to witness calmly after what had so recently occurred. "Auntie!" she exclaimed reproachfully, darting towards the door, "if you are going to let him ring I'm not! He's a perfect hero!" And, so saying, she flung open the little hall door, rushed into the veranda, and seizing Andrew Douglas's hands drew him into the hall. And then she threw her arms round his neck and kissed him. "There is nobody like you!" she said, as she released him. "No, indeed, there is not," added Charlotte gently, taking his great hand in both hers and holding it for a moment. It was but a slight action, but it meant a great deal, and Andrew Douglas felt with a throb of the heart that his long-deferred victory was now at last truly won. "Come and have lunch," called May from the dining-room, whither she had betaken her self, in some confusion, after her sudden out burst. "You have been up all night, I hear," said Andrew, as they seated themselves at the table, "and May, too. How are all your guests getting on?" "Davenport has taken his wife and children away to a tent," replied Miss Alder. "Every body is giving them things, and they seem wonderfully cheerful considering all they have lost. Mrs. Steinherz is here, but she is asleep." Andrew made no remark in reply to this, but when lunch was over he said: "Have you any lessons this afternoon, May? Yes?—Don't go, my dear. Nobody will expect you. There is a good deal of excitement in the town. Besides your aunt will want you." May and her aunt both looked at him in surprise. "What is it?" said May turning pale. "Is Archie" — "He is quite safe," replied Andrew. "He came back just before 12 o'clock." "Came back?" said Charlotte questioningly. "Yes," replied Andrew, "he went up the river just before sunrise in a boat with the priest and two others. They — Mr. Spencer"— "Mr. Spencer saved Mrs. Steinherz, she tells me," said Miss Alder. "Yes,"replied Andrew again, speaking slowly and with hesitation. "It seems that Father Dwyer got word of Mrs. Steinherz being all alone, and the water rising, from two girls, servants of hers, who were spending the night with their grandmother—an old Irishwoman who keeps cows" — "Granny Walsh?" asked May. "Yes, I believe so," replied Andrew. "He posted off to Dougherty and made him get out - a boat, and secured two men to help them to take it up the river to Steinherz's house. One was an unfortunate fellow he seized just as he was going to fling himself from the bridge— crazed for the time, I suppose, by his losses. Dwyer, Dougherty tells me, bade him 'come help a poor woman with ne'er a soul to care for her first and drown himself after', and the man went with him like a lamb. They had not pulled a hundred yards when they saw a small boat coming down stream with a woman sitting crouched in the bows " — "Mrs. Steinherz?" asked May breathlessly. "Yes," replied Andrew. "And where was" — "After they had put Mrs. Steinherz ashore they went to search for him." Here Andrew paused, but his hearers had already guessed the worst. . . . "It was at the workmen's bridge," he continued. "He must have struck it as the boat went beneath. It was Archie who found him—he is very strong in the water." A sound at the door attracted their attention as the last words were spoken. Paula Steinherz was standing there white and ghost- like with rigid figure and dilated eyes. . . . . . . . . . . . Late that night there knelt in a corner of St. George's Church—away from the lights which burned beside the dead—a small bowed form in priestly garb. Whether his prayers were altogether for the departed or were, besides, for the less blessed living whom he had held dear none may know. The echo of a footstep broke the stillness—the faint sweep of a garment—then the sudden sound of grief beyond control. When the midnight mourner turned away from the bier there rested upon it a little knot of white chrysanthemums tied with long loops of golden hair. The priest arose from his knees and followed her swiftly from the church. He overtook her by the gate, and placed his hand upon her arm. "This is no hour for you to be without," he said quietly, but reprovingly. "Where are you going, Paula?" "Anywhere!" she exclaimed. "I shall never go back there." "If you desert your duties," said the priest in a solemn tone, "he who died for you last night has died in vain." "What do you mean?" asked Paula, trembling. "You were a good girl, Paula, long ago when your poor father wasn't all he might have been. You never forsook him." "But he was my father." "And your husband is your husband. 'Twas yourself made the tie, but 'tis not for you to break it more than the other." "I only wish to get my own living as I used to do," pleaded Paula. "'Tis too late to think of that," he re joined. "You have a thousand duties now, Paula, and 'tis time you set about them. All the workpeople have a claim upon you. Those poor souls flooded out of house and home need your help. Your husband has a claim" — "No!" she exclaimed passionately, "he doesn't care" — " 'Tis your fault if he doesn't, then," replied the priest sturdily; " 'tis you know well how to make anyone your slave if you care to try." "Thank you," said a gruff voice, and Steinherz stepped forward from the shadow of the trees; "I had no idea my wife's friends gave her such good advice. Come, Paula," he continued, speaking not unkindly, "let bygones be bygones, and I won't touch cards or dice again till you give me leave." The priest watched them as they passed through the gate together and thanked heaven that he had kept vigil there that night. Chapter XV. "Heaviness," we are told, "endureth for a night but joy cometh in the morning." It was many a day, however, before the grief for the vicar's fate was abated, for he had been the friend of all, from the hard-headed but true- hearted mayor down to the little street-boys whom he had formed into a band, and who had wept over their fifes and drums, unable to play a single note—the day they followed him to the grave, in a silence more pathetic than any Dead March that was ever heard. The mayor above referred to, as the reader has doubtless already guessed, was no other than Andrew Douglas. After the incident during the night of the flood in which he played so distinguished a part no other candidate would have had the slightest chance against him. It was in vain that the Associated Artisans, with much inward distaste to the office, strove to beat up recruits for Steinherz. The women of the First Ward simply would not have it. They had never taken the slightest interest in any previous election, but the story of Mrs. Davenport's rescue had stirred them to the depths of their souls, and while the fervour lasted an angel from heaven would have seemed to them but a poor creature compared with Andrew Douglas. Great, then, was the jubilation amongst them when it was discovered that, for once, many of them had votes, whilst those men who had been amongst the most ardent supporters of Steinherz were in not a few instances found to have none. So, although, of course, neither Miss Alder nor May exercised the privilege, a strong body of women voters went to the poll on the day of the election. And among all those who presented themselves perhaps the proudest and the happiest was a phenomenally tidy and preter naturally careworn little woman with a baby in her arms, and a wedge-shaped following of tow-headed infantry. Need I mention that it was Mrs. Davenport? The cottage on the Flat "stood in her name," and to her husband's secret joy and relief she had declared her intention of "standing by" her benefactor. Andrew Douglas had to do without his "trip home" after all. In the first place Archie was anxious to "have a few years where one could learn something", and it seemed hard to ask him to spend even another twelve months in uncongenial work after his years of self-deny ing toil. Then Andrew and Charlotte made so wonderful a mayor and mayoress that nothing would please the good people of Lennox but that his worship should next become their member. Once in the House he was quickly pounced upon by the much-worried Premier of the day and made Minister of a certain depart ment wherein a practical mind was the one thing needful, and which had just been reduced to chaos under the fostering care of a brilliant barrister with no head for figures. Altogether it became quite evident to Lennox (which thirsted for a new bridge), to the Party, and, of course, to the now-adoring Charlotte, that Andrew Douglas was one of those invaluable persons whom Our Colony cannot spare for any length of time without risk of national disaster. Andrew laughed at their arguments, but he stayed where he was. So long as he had plenty of work—and of his own way—he was as happy as a king. May Douglas's idea as to the part played by mathematics in the science of projectiles altered a good deal before she had spent many months on the pleasant shores of Morecombe Bay. Although her silver-medallist attainments, however, were, as she quickly perceived, scarcely of such a quality as might suffice either to make or to mar the Xiphias, kind and helpful always, she had other skills which, in Archie's opinion at least, contributed not a little to its success. That it was a success we are of course all aware, though none of us have heard so far of its doing any harm to our fellow-creatures. It is enough for us to know that the British Government have purchased it; that Punch devoted a full-page cartoon to it (in which the Xiphias was depicted in the guise of a moon for which the Czar and Bismarck wept in vain); and that May was presented at Court a fortnight after—in a blaze of diamonds and a train like the tail of a comet. [THE END.] 