THE DEATH SHIP. A STRANGE STORY ; AN ACCOUNT OP A. CRUISE IN TUB FLYING DUTCHMAN) COLLECTED PROM TUB I'AFEIIS OP TUB, LATE Mil. GEOFFREY FONTON, OP POPLAR, MASTER MARINER. Br W. CLARK RU33ELL, Author 'of " The W reck of the Groavenor," " The Golden Hope," ifcc., &c;, All Rights Reserved. . CHAPTER X.— Continued. Bo we tumbled about quickly and wildly enough, got our little batteries clear, put on the hatch-gratings and -tarpaulins, opened the magazine, lighted the matches, provided the cud's with 'snare breeches nud tackles, and stood ready for whatever was to come. All this jve contrived with the aid of one -or two lanthorns, very secretly moved about, as Mr. Hall did not wish up to "bo seen making ready ; but the want, of light delayed us, and by the time we were fully preparod, the strange ship had insensibly floated down to about three- quarters of a mile on our starboard quarter. At that distance it was too black to enable us to make anything of her, but we comforted our selves by observing thai she did not offer to alter her course, whence we might reasonably hope that she was a peaceful trader like our selves. She showed no lights— her sails were all that was visible of her, owing to the hue they put into thedarkuess over her hull. It was a time of heavy trial to our patience. Ourship had come to a dead stand, as.it was easy to dincover by looking over the side, where the small, pale puffs of phosphoric radiance that flashed uuder water at the depth of a man's baud from our vessel's strakes whenever she rolled, no matter how daintily, to the swell, hung glimmering for a space in the selfsame spot where they were discharged. Nor was there the lsast sound of water in motion under the counter, unless it were the gurgling, drowning sobbing you hear there on a still night, when the stern stoops to the drop of the fold, and raises that strange, hollow noi«e of washing all about the rudder. " I would to mercy a breeze would., come, if only to resolve her? said Mr. llall to me in a low voice. "There's hut little fun to he got out of this sort of waiting. At this rate we must keep the men at their stations till day light to find out what she is. Pleasant if she should prove some lump of a Dutch man-of- war I She shows uncommonly large, don't you think, Fonton?" "So do we to her, I daresay, in this obscn- rity," I replied. "But I doubt that she's a man-of-war. I have been watching her closely and have never once caught sight of the least gleam of a light aboard her." "Maybe the officor of the watch and the lookout are sound asleep," said he, with a slight and not very merry laugh ; " and if she's 6tocred on her quarter-deck she'll he too deep- wnisted perhaps for the helmsman to see- as." I heard him say this without closely heeding it, for my attention at that raoweut was attracted by what wis unquestionably the enlargement of her pallid shadow; sure proof that she had shifted her helui. and was slowly comini? round so as to head for us. Mr. Hall noticed this us well as I. "nat" ho cried, "thsy mean to find oat what wo are, hev? They'vo observed us at last. Does she bring an air with her that she's undsr control, or is it that she's lighter and tailor than we ?" It was beyond question, because she was lighter and taller, and having been , clote- hnnlcd . to tbo faint draught, had made more of it than we who carried it aft. Besides, wo wcro loaded down to our chain-plsto bolts with cargo, and the water and other stores we had shipped at the Cape, Yet her approach was so sluggish as to be im perceptible, and I would not like to say that our gradual drawing together was not as much duo to the current which off this coast runs strong to the westward, netting us, who were doep, faster towards her than it set her from us, as it was also owing to the strange attraction which brings becalmed vessels near to each other — often, indeed, to their having to ho towed clear by their hoais. Meanwhile, the nttcr silence on board the stranger, the blackness in which ber hull lay hidden, tlio strangeness of her bracing-in her yards to head up for us without any signal boing shown that she designed to fight us, wrought such a fit of impatience in Mr. Hall that ho swnng his body from the backstay be clutched in moromenta positively con vulsive. » "Are they all dead aboard? On such a night cr '.this one should be able to hear tbo least sound— the hauling taut of a tackle— the rasp ing of the wheel-ropes I" "She surely doesn't hope to catch us sap ping ? said I. "God knows!" cried the mate. "What would I give now fcr a bit of moon 1 " "If it's to be a fight it'll hare to be a shoot ing match for a spell, or wind must come quickly," said I. Bnt if she meant mischief, wouldn't she head to pas# under our stern, whore she could rake us, rather than steer to come broadside on?" Instead of responding, the mato sprang on to tbe bulwark rail, and in tones such as only the practised and powerful lungs of a teaman can fling, roared out : " IIo, the ship, ahoy 1" "We listened with so fierce a strain of atten tion that the very beating of onr hearts rung in our ears; but not a sound came across the water. Twice yet did Mr. Hall bail that pallid . fabric, shapeless as yet in the dark air, bnt to no purpose. On this there wan much whisper ing among the mcu about the guns. Their voices came along in a low, grumbling sound, . like the growling of dogs, dulled by throats. "Silence, fore and aft 1" cried the mats. "We don't know what she is — but \vo know what we are I and, as Englishmen, we enroly have spirit enough for whatever may come." Thero was silence for some minutes after thesa few words ; then tho muttering broke out afresh, bnt scattered, a group talking to lar- \- board, another on the forecastle, and so forth. P" Meanwhile the vessels, all insontibly, had contiuued to draw closer and closer to each other. A small clarification of tbe atmosphere happening past tbe stranger, suffered a dim disclosure of.her canvas, when I porceired that ebc had nothing set above her topgallant sails, though it was impomuble to see whether she carried royal mast?, or, indeed, whether the yards belouging -to those masts were crossed ' on thsm. Her hull had now also stolon out into a pitch-black shnduw, and after gazing at it with painful iuteutucs for some moments, I wan extravagantly astonished to observe a kind of crawling and flickering of light, resembling that which burnt in tbe ssa, stirring like glow-worms along the vessel's side. I was abont to direct Mr. Hall's attention to this thing, when he said in a subdued voice, "Fonton, d'ye notice tho faint shining about her hull ? What in God's name can it be ? " Scarcely, had he uttered these words when a ailor on tho starboard side of our ship, whom I recognised by the voice as ono Ephruim Jacobs, .an elderiy, sober, pious-minded seaman, cried out with a sort of scream in bis notes : " As I hope to bo forgiven my sins for Jesua' sake, yon'a fho ship that was curst last cen tury 1" CHAPTER XL— A Cruel Disaster Be- falls Me. Tho mere putting into words th» suspicion that bad been troubling all our minds made one man in action of the whole crew, Hko the firing of 40 pieces of ordnance in the name in stant. ' Whatever the sailors held they flung down, and in a bound came to the waist on the ttarboardtside. where they stood looking at the ship ami making, amid that silence, the strangest noise that ever was heard with their deep and fearful breathing. "Great thunder!" broke in one of them presently. "D'ye know what that shining is, mates ? Why, it's the glow of timbers that's been rotted by near 200 years of weather." " Softly, Tom !" said another ; 'tis Hell that owns her crew ; thoy have the malice of devils, and they need Gut touch us to founder us." "Wait, and you shall ace hermelt 1" exclaimed ono of the two foreigners who were among our cofttpanyiof seamen. "If she is, as I believe she will be, mauu«(t by tho ghosts of wicked ins n who have perished at sen, presently a bell shall strike, and she must disappear I" As this was said there was a commotion forward, and the carpenter, boruo by two stout hands, was carried iuto the midst of the crew and. propped up so that he might see the ship. I was as eager as any of tho most illiterate sailors on board to hear what he bad to sav, aud took a step forward the bettor to catch his words. A whole minute went by whilst ho guzod. So strained and auticipatire were my Benson, that the morn cut? sacmcdVuilhours.R Ifo then said, " Mates, youder'a the Death Ship right enough. Look hard, and you'll murk the steeve Df her bowsprit with tho round top at tho end of tit, and tho- spring of her aft iiu a fashion nitre ancienuUhan is the ages of any two of the oldest mcu aboajd. Note the after rake of her Dtizzen-mast nndtyhonr the heel of the foremast looks to step iu the forcpeak. That's tho hip — born iu 1650— Vanderdecken master— what I've ofteu hoard tell of — raise my head, mates !" And here, through paiu or weakness, or horror, he fainted, but being laid upon tbejdeck and aomo water thrown over his face, he came to iu a short while, aud lav trembling, refusing to apeak or answer questions. A slight thinning of tlm vapor that hid the moon had enabled u# to remark those points iu the ship the carpenter hail named; and whilst hez-wan being recovered from hi# nwoooitlbe moon looked down from a gulf in the mist, hut ber light was still very tarnished and dim, though blurred and distorted as was her ap pearance, yet thero instantly if'onued round Iter the 6 tunc halo or wan circle that was visible before aim was hidden. But her apparition mucin u light that exquisitely answered to thoso two Hum of Sbuksperia : — H Therefore tlm moon, the governess of floods, Fale in her linger, washes all tho air." For Mich' radiance as. fell really aeoraod like a 'cleansing of tlm atmosphere after the black smother that had cucompn'sed us, and now we Could all sett the ship distinctly as eli« lay on uir quarter with her broudsido somewhat to uo, hor.yards trimmed lika car own .and her sails j hanging doud. It was tho nolemnest sight that ever mortal eye beheld. The light left her black, so there' was no telling what hue she showed or was painted. Her bows lay low in the waiter after the old fashion, with head-boards curling to her beak that doubtless bore an orna ment, though wo could not distinguish it. There she rope lik« a hUl, broken with the bulwarks that defined her waist, quarter deck and short poop. This was as much as we could discern of her hull. Iter foremost stood close to where the heel of li«r bowsprit came; her mizzcn-ma3t raked over her stern, and upou it was a yard answering to tho rig of a felucca: tbo clew of a sail came down clear of a huge lantborn whose iron frame, for all the glass in it was bioko and gone, showed like the skeleton of some mouster on her taflirail. It was a sight to terrify the stoutest heart to see tho creeping of thin worm or wire-like gleaming upou the aida she showed to us. 1 considered at first she was glossy and that those lights were Lhe reflection ot tho phosphoric llrea in the water under her ; but it wa scon made plain that this was not so, as though to be sur« a greenish glare of the truo sea-flame would <ihow against or near her when she slightly leaned, as we did, to tho well, this charnel-house or touchwood glimmer played all along her without regard to tbe phosphorescence under her. " What think you of her, Fonton?" said Mr. Hall, speaking softly, but with much of his excitement and uneasiness gone. "Does alio resemble she craft that tbe master of the cnoAv told Captain Skcvington he sighted here about V" " Why, yes, I think so," said I : " but it does not fo.low that she is tlie Phantom Ship. Tho Plymouth hooker's yarn owed a good deal to terror, and it would cot lose in its passage through the brain of a lunatic, as I fear poor Skevihgton was." " She has a very solid look— she is-a real ship, but the like of herl have never seen save in old prints. Marl: those faint fiery stripes and pint!# upon her. I do not understand it. The wood that yields such light must be aa rotten as liuder and porous ao a apouge, It could not swim." By this time the mysterious ship had floated out her wholo length, unless it were onr vessel that bad slewed and had given us that view of bur. No light sure the lambent gleams on her sides wu to be seen. We could hear no voices. We could discern no movement of figures or distinguish- any outline resembling a human shape upou her. On a sudden my eyo was caught by an illumination overhead that made a lustre strong enough to enable mo to see the fane of Mr. Hall. I looked up, conceiving that ono of our crew had jumped aloft with a lantern, aud saw at our main jrardarm a corpus sunt or St. Elmo's light; that shone freely like a luminous bulb, poised a few inches above the spar. Scarce had this been kindled, and whilst it was paling the faces of our sea men, who stared at it, there suddenly shone two bright meteors of a similar kind upou the strange ship; one on top of the topgallant- mast head that was the full height of the main spars, aud one ou the summit of a mast that stood up from the round top at the end of the bowsprit, aud that in old-.m times, before it was discontinued, would have beeu calied tho sprii- topraust. They had something of the glory of stars; their reflection twisted like eilrer ser pent# in tho dark waters ; and as though they had been flambeaux or lamps, thvy flung their spectral glow upou the strangely-cut sails of tho vessel, upon ber rigging and spars, tickling ail things to their starry coior, dimly illuminating even the distant castle- like poop, showing clearly the dark line of bulwarks, whilst a deeper dye of blackness entered into the hull from tho shadow between tho corpus sards ou high and their mirroring beneath. " Thanks be to God for the sight of those lights !" exclaimed u de«?p voice, sounding out among the men. "It'n a saint's hand that kindles them, I've beared ; and there'll be a breeze with luck behind ;t presently." " See, Mr. Hall !" cried I, pointing. " Do you observe the figure# of >mon? Look aloug the lino of tho forecastle— 'one, two, three— I count six there j and look right aft on that bit of a poop. Do you mark a couple of shapes vis w- iug us as if with folded arms ?" ".Yea I" He paused, staring, then added, "Those lights are familiar enough to sue, I've seen them scores of time?," speaking in whis pers, which trembled back to their former notes of consternation ; " but there's oimjthing frightlul about them now— aud yonder oue," pointing to our yanlurm, "and the sight theyr how. She's noyiaiurnt ship," h« said, pulling off his cap and passing his hand over bis fore head. " Would to God a breeze would come and part us." j ,, " Hail him again, sir 1 " ' "Hail him you ; my throat is dry." I walked right aft to bring me more abreast of the silant motionless figures on the stratger'a pooo, and jumping ou to the rail caught hold of the Vang of tlie spanker-gaff to steady myself, and putting a hand to my mouth roared out "Slii'p ahoy I W hat ship is that ?" and stopped breathless, so that I seemed to hear the echoes of my own voice among the sails of tho stranger. . "What ship is that?" now camo back in a deep organ-like note, and the two figures separated, oue walking forward aud the other steppiug, as I had, on to the bulwark over the quarter- gallery. "The Saracen, of London, J>ound.to Indian porta," I responded. "I will send a boat," cried the man in the same deep-throated voice. "If you do we'll lire into it," screamed a seaman on our deck. " Mates— Mr. Hall, you see now what he is. Keep them off I keep them off 1" at which there was n sudden hurrying ot feet, with many clicking sounds of triggers sharply cocked, 'by which I knew our men had armed themselves. Tho corpus sant at our yard arm vanished in a few seconds it showed itself afresh midway uo the mainmast, making a wild light all around it ; those on the stranger burned steadily, and I believed a third had been kindled on her, till I saw it was a lantern carried along the deck. There was a stillness lasting some minutes. "What they were about we could not soe. Auon came a creaking, aa of ropes travelling in blocks, then alight splash. Tho lantern dropped jerkily down the ship's aide, plainly grasped by a man; fiashea of phos phorus broke out of the water to the clip of oars, like fire clipped from a flint. I felt a faiut air blowing, but did not hoed it, being half- frenzied with the excitement and fear ruiaed in mo by what I coujd now see— thanks to tho light of the St. Elraoi fires and the mystic crnwlingB of flames on tho vessel's sides — was a boat, square at both ends, with the gunwale running out iuto borne, rowed by two figures, whilst a third etood upright iu the bows holding high a lighted lautern iu one hand and extending his other arm in a posture of suppli cation. At this instant a yellow glare broko in a noon- tido'duzzle from our own ship's rail, and the thuudor of twenty muskets fired at once fell noon my hearing. I started with the violence ot tho chock breaking in uoon rae, heedlessly let go the chain that I had been grasping with my left hand, and fell headlong ovorbourd. CHAPTER XII.— I am Rescued dy thb Dbath Snip. I rose to tho surface from a deep plunge, but being a very indifferent swimmer, it was as much us I could do — clothed as I was— to keep myself afloat by battling with my hands. I heard the rippliug of the water about my ears, and I felt a doep despair settle upon my spirits, for I know that tho air that blew would carry my ship away from ine aud that I must spvedily drown. I struggled hard to keep myself afloat, freely breaking the water in tho hope that tho light and whiteness of it might be seeu. roar or five minutes thus passed, aud I was feeling my legs growing weighty aa lead, when I noticed a light approach me. My cye« being full of wet, I could sec no more than tbe light, what held or bore it being eclipsed by the spikes or fibres that shot out ot it, a3 you notice a candle flame when the sight is damp. I could also hear the dip ami trickle of oars, and tried to shout ; but my brain was giddy, my mind sinking iuto a babbling state, and, in truth, I was so exhausted that but for the oudden life darted into me by the sight of the lamp I am 6uro I should then and ihore have clenched iny bands above my head and sunk. The lantern was flashed full upon my faco and I was grasped by ray hair. He who seized me spoke, and T believed it was the voice of on« of the men in my watch, though I did not catch a syllable of his speech. After which I felt my sal f grasped under each arm and lifted out of the water, whereupon I no doubt faintod, for there i3 a blauk between this aud what followed, though tho interval was very short. When I opened wr eyes, or rather when my senses returned to me, I found myself lying on my back, and the first thing I noticed wus the moon friuninj weakly ainul thin bodies of vapor which the wind had pet in motion, and which sped under her in puffs like the smoke of gun- powder after tho discharge of 'a can&cti.; I lay musing a little while, conscious of nothing hut the moon and some dark stretches of sail hovering above me; hut my mind gathering force I saw by the cut of the canvas that I waa on board a strange ship, and then did I observe tbrea men standiug near my feet watshiug me. A great terror seized my heart. I sprang erect with a loud cry of fear and rushed to the rail to see if the Saracen was near that I might hail bar, but was stayed iu that by buing seized by the arm. He who clutched rue exclaimed In Dutch, " V/liat would you do ? If you could swim for a week you would not catch her." (TO nr. CONTINUED.) 