A TRUE GHOST STMT. BY HELEN MATHERS. Chapter I. In the winter of 1879 I had occasion to re place my nurse, and, not caring to advertise itud surround my door with a mob of doubtful characters. I answered an advertisement that I h<ul noted in the Titties, and had the honour ot beins selected by the advertiser as a person who might possibly suit.' No master or mistress ever discharges a servant nowadays ; it is our domestics who discharge us, and 3 we would only drop our useless titles and boldly style our selves as servants and our servants as our master?, no doubt wc should find our household affair? work with much greater smoothness and comfort. At the appointed day and hour a pale, pretty | youQ? woman was shown into my room, but her j good looks only struck me afterwards, and by j decrees the first impression she gave me, and it j was a v.mt forcible one, being that of a person most imminently under the dominion of fezr. j I thoTTght at on co, ' Here is a woman with something on her mind — either her own wrong doing or ih.it of someone very dear to her,' and as I hate mysteries and loner faces. I made up my mind to ask her a formal question or two, and let her go. But mothers make laws for little children to break, and when my child j toddled up to the girl, took her hand, looked J in her eyes, then scrambled up to kiss her, I t knew that he had virtually taken matters into ins own hands, and I prosecuted, my listless questions with some vigour. The strained look fueled from her face as she held the boy. I saw that she really loved chil dren. and understood them. To all my questions I received satisfactory answers, weli expressed and in a curiously refined voice, until I came to that question which a servant rarely answers truthfully (while often the mistress is equally disingenuous) viz.: 'Why had she left her situation r' She said she found three children too much for her. she wished to htve only one to look after. What were their ages?' I inquired. 'Three, two. and one,' she suid, and then with some hesitation, ' but my late mistress was not their mother.' ' Your muster must have married again very quiek'y I said. 'Yes. madam,' she said, 'within three month? of his first wife's death.' ' IV r little children !' I uttered, half aloud, then feeling my curiosity rise, checked the- question that rose to my lips. ' What' e oo name?' said my boy, rumpling 1 her dark hair with his bright curls. 'Emily.' ' An' has oo come to stop, Emily. The girl looked at me, with the fear gone out of her eyes. She had a face that any women or ch id iniglit trust. I felt, with the certainty of conviction, that she had done no wrong heiutlf, and I made up my mind that if her character were satisfactory, I would take her. I found that she had been engaged as nurse just before tho second wife came home, that she had only remained three months, and had been living with her family for the last six. Her former character extended over five years. 4 Probably some home trouble is worrying the gul, I thought. Thenlaskedif I could have a per sonal character from her last mistress, to which she answered ' Yes.' and I wrote down the ad dress—a house in Bedford square. 4 And the name r ' I said. 'Mrs. Caspian.' It was my c urn now to look startled, to turn pale, while my heart beat with a suffocating dread as 1 asked the christian name of the husband. | Frank - Mr. Frank Caspian.' 'And the maiden names of the two wives r' I Cnr£d- swif; iy, bitter tears rising to my eyes. The girl knew. The first wife had been Mass Lima Crow, the second, Miss Gina Stroud. . 4 1 knew them both intimately,' X said, start ing, ad ling, half aloud, ' So death is the reason why I have not heard from her for so long. 1 oor Lima is dead — is dead — and that jade Gma 1 but the last words died on my lips. ' Isoo' hying, mummy r' said my little son, pulling at my dress as I stood looking out of the window ; and hiding his face he began crying also. \\\ ithout turning, I told the girl I would call on Mrs. Caspian the next morning, and if the interview was satisfactory. I would engage heratouce. . I heard the door close, then I took my treasure ia my arms and soothed him ; but when pre sently his shouts of gladness were echoing through the house, I eat alone, and wept long and bitterly for the friend of my youth, for, the aly real woman friend I had ever known, and whom I should see no more — Elma. We had been at school together for years — she, Gina Stroud, and I — and I had loved the one as heartily as I liad hated the other from the Terr beginning. Fate brought the three of ns together again, hen both were beautiful, and both ia love With the same man. men he chose Elma, I looked out for mis chief, but their courtship ran smoothly into a happy marriage, and X acted as lier bridesmaid, « week before I was made a wife myself. Alas ! her8 servce I Iye I ever rendered Mr. Caspian took her to Italy, where his parents lived, and there they lingered and fingered, though we kept our affection alive by constant correspondence. Thus I heard all abont zr6 two elder children, but one day I saw in a Pper an account of a carriage accident by hich both his father and mother lost their fives. I was on the point of leaving England. JhJ fote to Elma at pnee, but I got no reply, ana for a wholo year entirely lost right of my aj lu sPte my efforts to find her, I was too late ; for death, not I, had touud Elma. . CHATER II. t stood at the portal of the gloomy house ¥ ueof ord square, waiting to be admitted, I bridea ffess had aa!? of,their youth and bright- ttlien ng&mibr; ever. . a moaSnFrfe i 6mm& slt>wly hack, for Em?HWte 2Ufht % woman behind it was resemblance lay only and as ii fs» Which wa fea£ Mowed her through the drean? Jesselated hall, our footsteps nnging upon ft loudly, something in the Ve sSmfofe-\U?a me also' and a tremor 1 anFilY ashamed. theant, it seemed to mo ' a firafr %n ' lmg that I should pay my pSc her rival, and on so trivial an errantt as theanquiry mto a servants character. J1 of stone, I looked upwards Jwlt31 Iifht, aud saw galleries above me at smned Arctic in their coldness ; and once 1 a. shivered, and thought of mv much- f"fed house xn Brook street, that, howevier inconvenient, .was at least warm. The drawingrooms were only a degree less he approach to them. . I looked about qe, mechanically wondering what I should, Jkave done with them had they been mine. J They wanted broad masses of. colour, giant palms, everything -on the ' largest scale, and the scanty attempts at decoration looked paltry and worse than futile, and I shivered again, scarcely believing that this could ever have been Fiona's nuiue. , yne o eject alone interested me. It was a portrait— -(why -was it alio wed to hang there F) 01 rtend, pale, colourless, absolutely .with out charm — not the girl's face that broke up mto such delicious smiles and dimples as she laughed and spoke, while the blue of her eyes grew deeper,, her expression ever varying as «ie light and shadow upon a freshening sea. And it had beeii only four years ago that I had seen her thus — as I saw her through the tears j that blotted out this pale and faded ghost of what she ouce had beeu. I turned suddenly. I had heard -no step I behind mc, but there stood Gina Caspian -as dark, as proud, but as beautiful as ever r ! No ! j The shadow of the house had fallen upon her l also, and if indomitable courage routed the i fear in her and cast- it out, still I felt, I knew it ; was there, and my face must have warned her, for the hand she was stretching out to me fell at her side. 4 How did she die r ' I said, pointing to my friend, though, indeed, I well lniew, ' lu her confinement,' said Gina, beginning hardily, and throwing back her head, but her voice died away with the last word. ' You were with lier V I said, curiously. ' I r' the scornful question rang out true. ' I neveronce saw or spoke to Mrs. Caspian after her marriage.' ' And you liatcd her, I said, scarce knowing what I said, ' and she is dead, and you have triumphed.' How dare you speak to me so ?' she said, in her passionate voice, her stormy eyes fianiing. 4 Ho loved me — me, and when she (hod I cared nothing for the world, or such as you, and I married him.' ' Within three mouths:' I said coldly. 'Truly your haste was great. 'Perhaps his was greater,' she said, and laughed loud and long, and from thenceforward I knew her for the miserable woman that she was. ' Did you expect to find Elma here she said indifferently. ' Odd that after being snch life long fricuds you should lose sight of her for years'.' 1 Airs. Caspian could only have been here a few months,' I said, steadily. ' and at that time I was not in England. But it is strange that I saw neither her death nor your marriage in the newspapers. 'Neither was ever announced, she said, ' and have you come to mourn or to con gratulate V she added, laughing again. 'To do neither,' I replied, but merely to inquire about a servant's character.' -Ah!' she said, and drew in her breath sharply, 4 you mean Emily Prince, I suppose V ' Yes.' i Then I will tell you,' she cried, interrupt ing me in the midst of the questions I began mechanically to put, 'she is a gross liar, she ia deceitful, and a talebearer ; and I solemnly believe, moreover, that the girl ismad.' Heavy accusations all,' I said ; 4 give me some proofs.' 'She dreamed dreams,' said Gina, angrily, 'and repeated them to the other servants, setting every soul against the place who came here, so that I was constantly changing. Servants are tho most superstitious fools on the face of the earth, and one mischievous girl will so poison their minds as to make them believe anytliing.' 4 What did she try to make them believe?' I said rashly; but Gina crushed me in a second. 'That is my business,' she said, curtly; 'be so good as to attend to your own. If you take Emily Prince in tho teeth of what I have told vou, then expect to find a mad woman under your roof one day. I suppose you have children?' ' That's my business, I said ; and with one backward glance at my poor Elma, went my way. I met no one on the great, cold staircase, or in the hall, but having opened the door found myself confronted on the threshold by Mr. Caspian's children. I stood still, and my heart leaped towards the bonnie boy of a year old, whose blue eyes were Elma's own, and I took one of the warm hands, from which he had pulled the glove, and kissed it. 'Mummy!' heBaid; ' Mummy ! and jumped up and down, and put up his face to kiss me, and it gave me a pang to remember that Elma and I had often, as girls, been taken for sisters. He is too young to have any memory of his mother,1 1 said to the woman who. carried him, 4 and he is very young to talk.' 'Yes, ma'am, she said ; 'he repeats like a parrot what his sisters say.' I looked earnestly at her. She had a kind, stolid face, with but little expression in ft, 'and had never been, I should say, troubled with nerves in her life. Yes, Elma's duldren were safe with her. / I turned to the two little girls, as handsome, strong lusty little bodies as you could wish to see. 4 And you remember mummy;' I said gently, as I kissed them. ' Iss,' said the elder j nodding her curls in a big black velvet bonnet, ' me seenrummy every night when me go tobye-bve 4 I looked up, : and caught the look on the young nurse's face behind her ; It was fixed in an expression of sickening fear, and she Md put her hands to her ears aa if to shut out the child's wordB.- . . . Then the, older woman tamed rhem in, saving it was too cold for them out there, faiit not before I had kissed them again for Elma's sake and their own. , . , ; . I stood still on the steps to think, and so lost in my sad and curious thoughte was l that I only came out of tjiem . when a familiar face loomed before me,, and a once well-known voice sounded in my feax. , , ' Mr. Caspian !» Op exclaimed in my amaze ment ; but when he wohld h&Ye; taken niy hand I put, it behind my back and had ?ped- down the steps to the street before he couidstav me. , My heart beat high with anger and hot com demnation of him, and whan I heard his swift steps following after me I felt an impulse to get into a cab and flee anywhere rather than be compelled to-have speech with him. The next moment his hand was on my Arm, and I stood still, for I scorned to struggle with so base a thing as he. 05s What have you done to Elma— poor Elma ?' I said, in the voice of an avenger. 4 She was beloved and happy when I saw her last— and v at"" w dead ; and you '—but mv voice raiiefed as 1' saw how terribly Ms features were stamped With pain ; ay, and something of ; the fear that seemed to touch all who dwelt in that most unlucky house behind us. 4 Yes, she is dead,' he said, 4 and I — Oh ! my Hod- all the light of my life died with her !' ' Yon soon created a new. one, I said, bitterly. ! Could you not mourn for longer than three months tne thing that had loved vou always?' . . - We were alone iii the deserted square, a bleak - wind was whistling rouni us, and the short November dusk was closing swiftly in, YVYhy were you not in town when we returned from abroad ?' he cried, passionately : she was ill when we arrived, and to find yoii away tried her. greatly. I took that hateful house, furnished, for her confinement, but she never liked it, and—' 'But, Giua,' I cried, impatiently— and I stamped my foot — 'Gina, who always tried to get you away from Elina, whose vile disposition you Knew — how came you to marrv her T 4 Hojv can I tell you ?' he groaned ; to speak would be my dishonour.' 1 4 Yes, you will, I said, determinedly. 4 1 was Elma's friend, and to know the truth is my right, and I will have it.' Frank Caspian's boyish eyes sought i mine. Alas ! how well I knew his weakness — a weak- nPss that so many women find lovable when allied to great physical strength and beauty and that goodness of heart always to be found in giauts. I put mv hand through Ms arm", and held it there fast. Beneath that consistent pressure he began to speak, low at first, and as one ashamed, but gradually Ms voice gathered strength, and he went on without a break to the end. ' You remember,' he said, 4 that when Elma had just left school I fell in love with her — and Gina — his head sank, 4 fell in love with me. I thought that in one awful and stormy scene she exhausted her love, and learned to hate me, and after our engagement, and through those three years of perfect married happiness that Elma and-I knew, her shadow never once crossed our path, and we absolutely forgot her. And then — O ! Heavens ! Elma aicd, iiot willingly, but crying out for life, yearning to the last over her cMldren and their future, body and spirit clinging to them and to me till torn away. . . and so my poor girl, with scarce a prayer upon her lips, was hurried into the presence of her Maker. ' ' And then r' I said, presently. . 4 Then I suppose I went mad. I have been told since that I was really mad for some weeks, but I had neither strait- waistcoat nor keeper. One woman and one skilled doctor divided the care of me between them, and when I opened my eyes, a sane man, the woman who sate beside me was— Gina. I tore my hand out of his arm. 'Uii, you. men. l cried, 'lou mofal cowards, who cannot say "No — no to a temptation, while women" go on saying it all their lives — and sticking to it, too !' " 'It was no temptation,' said Frank in Ms hopeless voice. ' I was too weak to remember even. I was only grateful, and she spoke and acted like any hired nurse. Body aud soul I was with Elma, groping, searcMng lor her; praying her to come back to me, if but for one moment ; to speak to me, if but one word, out of the great unknown that had snatched her from me! Oh! .iny God; how those impious prayers recoiled upon me later ! How I came to dread and shiver before those awful manifestar turns that showed rather in the light of ven geance than a once passionate love ! But I liave to tell you how my marriage with Gina came about. On my recovery her family declined to receive her. She returned to me, and said that she would become a servant in my service, now that every other refuge in the world was closed to her, but if I refused lier tMs boon, she woulctkili herself.' Once more I turned to look at him. 4 And she. dominated you,' I said, slowly, 4 as she would have done from the beginning had your love for Elma been a little less strong. Youhad not the courage to say 44 No." ' 4 1 had not,' said 'Frank, and, indeed, he looked a roan out of whom all will power had departed. ' She could not live in my house as a servant. I could not speak the death warrant of a woman who had done me the cruel kind ness of saving. my most miserable life, and I married her, I married her,' he re peated, 4 and from that moment ' he paused, almost a look of madness flamed in his sombre eyes, 4 1 have been a haunted man. Slie could not come back to me in love, but ' he ceased abruptly, wrung my hand hard, and left me. On the day appointed, Emily Prince came, but I had no opportunity of seeing her till after dinner, when I climbed the nursery stairs with joy, for I had hardly seen my child all day. I have a light stej), but that night I happened to have on my pet abomination — a silk dress — that rustled against the balustrade jiifi snnnded verv distrnrflv in fhnf: nnir>f nf the house. The nursery door was ajar ; I softlv pushed it open, and passed round the back of boy's not, which was placed in the centre of the room, a table with a shaded lamp on it being close at hand. At tMs table Emily Price was sitting, but I paused awMle to kiss my darling's soft and golden head, then I arranged Ms coverings, and turned to his new nurse. She was sitting bolt upright, rigid, her closed eyelids showing a narrow fine of wMte between; her hands, palm outwards, lifted iu a gesture of agonised fear and rejection, yet in -every strained muscle, every line of her set features betokening an agony of ?»$/<vit?<y ihat made me involuntarily hold my breath, and listen also. But I heard nothing save my boy's regular , breathing, so ns .gently as possible I called her. My voice had anopnosjte effeciio what I had intended. With a low gasping 'cry she whisj)ered, 4 Spare iqe ! spare ane . Vand hid her face in her "arms. " For a nioment I hesitated. Was the girl verily and indeed mad, as Gina had stated, and should I go down and send my husband for a doctor; though.how could I go away arid leave her alone with my child ? . I put my hand on her shoulder and said, 4 Are you ul, Emily? -What is the matter ?' 7 , Her trembling ceased, she uncovered harcyes, and the terror in them died but in the fight of recognition, bhe strove to rise. 4 Madam," she said— 4 Madam, pray forgtye me. I thought — I thought— Her terrified gaze wandered round the room, as if especially to see something or someone. " What Are yOu looking for?' I asked. "s She was standing up no w, and glanced down at the dress I was weariner. Ft wqs your silk, madam, that I heard rustUhg just now, ' she said. 4 Of course/ I said, 4 whose else should it be r r : She shrank into herself, and murmured some unintelligible words. 4 Emily/ I said, firmly. -4your nerves are evidently in a deplorable state, and I mean to see if I can't cure them. What is there about the mere rustle of a silken skirt to terrify your' She grew so wMte that I thought she was about to faint, only the blue of-her eyes kept its prefty colour, and for the first time I noticed 4 how really interesting she was. 4 When you heard me coming you thought I was someone else. Is that not so ?' I said.' 4 Yes/ she answered, inaudibly. 4 Who was that person ? I said, drawing nearer, and compelling her eyes to meet mine. 4 Mrs. Caspian.' She hardly breathed as she uttered the name.1 4 And are you so afraid of her/ I said, with some scorn, ' .tliat you believe she can make lier way km — into my house— without my con sent?' 4 You cannot bar her out/ said the girl. But now there was a flicker of colour in her cheek, and her mouth was firmer, 4 only I did not ' think she would follow me here ; it was her children she came to See, not me.' 'Her children!' I repeated, Mrs. Caspian has no children.'. 4 1 do not mean the present Mrs. Caspian,- madam, but the former one.' For a moment I stood dumb. What! was my gentle Elmaindeed a rcvenant, had she by mere force of her great love for those she left behind burst the spiritual bonds that held her, and returned at will to re-visitthem ? For the moment overcome, I sat down, and covered mv face with my hands. I 4 1 loved her/ I said ; 4 she was my friend. Tell me the whole truth, and notliing but the truth.' And, standing opposite me, in trembling tones that vet had the stamp of honesty in ihem, she tolT me such things as are "feet down below. She said that when Mr. Caspian married again all the servants who had been in the house when his first wife was alive were dis charged, and she among others was engaged for the new household. When she got to Bedford square she found that the children were in the country with a relation, but to arrive in town next day. So on that evening she had supper downstairs in the servants' hall with the rest. As the clock struck nMe there happened to be perfect silence at the table, and all distinctly beard the stiff rustle of a silk dress against the stone staircase, and light steps that came down quickly , steps that crossed the uiicarpeted hall and paused outside the room where they were sitting. All fixed their eyes on the door, expecting to see the handle turn and someone enter, though they knew of no one in the house save themselves; but when the cook boldly flung open the door no one was to be seen, but soineth tug entered and approached Emily. She felt the unseen presence pause beside Mm and a cold breath breathed over her. It lingered awhile, and was gone, but by the faces of those around she saw tliat the presence had made itself known to no one but herself. She said nothing ; while the cook, who was a woman of spirit, declared that the sounds came from next door, or tliat a rat, who walked for all the world like a human being, had simply come downstairs for Borne supper. JLiie xootman astedii rats usuady came from the upper part of the house, aud if they wore silk gowns that rustled ? ' But the cook de clared tliat rats were partial to playing with paper, aud so the rustling sound was caused that, they had heard. Next day Mr. Caspian's children arrived in charge of a woman, who merely delivered them over to Eruily Prince's care, ana then left for the country immediately. She had a strained, harassed look, and seemed intensely relieved by giving up her charges, and Emily thought she looked very strange at her, though she said but little. Mr. and Mrs. Caspian arrived at the same evening in time for dinner, and though he came up at once to the nursery, and stayed some time with the cMldren (of whom he seemed passionately fond), her new mistress did not accompany hiin. Tho cMldren were all asleep, and she was sitting at needlework about nine o'clock, when Bhe heard the loud rustle of a silk dress brush ing against the balustrade, and then a very light footfall approacMng the door. It opened gently, and the girl stood up expecting Mrs. Caspian to enter, but no one appeared, only sjie distinctly felt someone pass her by close, then Eause at the eldest child's cot ; then she heard eart- breaking sighs, presently stifled in the sound of kisses, and loving murmurs in a voice that could be none other than a mother's. She gazed, cold with fear, and saw the rosy girl half- wakin, stretch her arms in act to clasp some invisible person, heard her drowsily murmur 4 Mummy!' then saw her once more" sink into Blumber. Then the other cMldren were visited in turn. She heard again those heavy sighs as from a bursting heart, heard the despairing, passionate kisses lavished on their little faces, and then the rustle of the silken own passing out of the door and down the staircase, and once more she was alone. Next day, from one of r the tradespeople probably, she was told by a fellow-servant that the. master's former wife had died in her confine ment, and that he had married again three months afterwards. Also that she was said to 4 walk,' and that the cMldren saw her con stantly. I'""1! W1U IUV vuuir Mill.' AUVII SUUit aucauj from what the little ones said to one another. They babbled familiarly of their motherland the eldest one said she wished-4 Mummy' would come iu the morning and ' play- with them, instead of at night when they were so sleepy. The girl paused, and I asked her how she could possibly endure to remain even so short a 1 time as three months, enduring such a fearful ordeal each night. She replied that some influence that she could not resist compelled her to remain at her post, that she loved the children, feared and suspected her master's second wife, and could not summon up courage to go away. t3he usually went into the day nursery at a little beforenineo'clock, and remained these till the; nightly visit was over. Other servants -had braved the ordeal, uhd heard what she- had - heard, seen what she had seen, but not one of them had the courage to . watch a second time. ; At. last, however, the strain; .wore her out, , aqd in spite, of the overmasterlhg influence that bade her stay she one day asked Mrs. Caspian to. replace her at almost a day's notice, and literally escaped from the house. 4 Aud Mrs. Caspian/ 1 said, 4 did she know all thisf 4 She questioned me,' said the girl, 4 and I told her everything, though I tiiinlr she knew well enough before. I asked her to be in the room one night, and judge for herself, but she refused.' ' And your:.master ?' I said. , 4 He , knew it all— nil— but he: had- only -the courage to fade it once; He looked like a dead man as it passed Mm; but when he saw the child's arms stretched out to what he could not ' see, he £|er fjy rianie, and pressed close to the cot, but only ah icy cold breath rushed past him, and that1' night she approached neither of the other cMldren , so that I knewshe was angry with him, and he went out with a face white as snow.' . 4 But her visit to the servant's hall the night V you arrived,' I said, 4 did she ever go there again?' 4 Never, madam. The servants declaredihat she went there to see me— whether I looked like a woman who would he kind to her cMldren— and I was— I was — -/ added the girl, breaking down and sobbing quietlv. 4 Who is withtfcemnowF 4 A kind, good woman, who is rather deaf, does not belief in gho6ts,und thinks onlyof earning her wage honestly. The uader-nurse is constantly being changed, but -the children thrive.' And in the six months you have been at home1?' ' >' I have heard nothing, madam. The hour comes and passes, bat -nothing happens. ' Only I cannot forget, and to-night 1 thought it was coming to haunt me again.' . 4 She never will/ I said, gently, and perhaps the visits of so pure a soul have done you no harm. Now give your whole mind to forgetting all you have gone 'through, and in time it will cease to trouble you. Aud so in the event ft was. She grew strong and healthy. She remained with me till mv boy no longer required a nurse, and she is " now happily married. Gina Caspian died last vear, worn out; by bel fierce, unhappy spirit, and Elma visits1 her children no more. Their father devotes Ms life to them, and in return they adore' him, and shelter hiin from that Sorrow's crown of sorrow. ! Remembering liappier days. - 