WopeUst. Ihe Midnight Prophecy or, HEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. By Emma Garrison Jones. I . ? *-t ? -CHAPTER XIV. TUB ri.01' THICKENS. . Sovonoaks nncl Cavendish Manor, aa -wo beforo stated, woro contiguous, aud wero two as fino estates ns tho county contained. Tho manor bolonged toliady Drummond for hor life-time, and it wns her custom to visit tho old place onco or twice a year. It was therefore quite opportune that Lord Strathspey and his TUirfcv worn ffniiirr tn Snvnnnoko no T o/1., Cecilia was quito anxious to mako ono of her annual visits. Sho at onoo caused Si? Varnej, who was a most dutiful and obedient husband, to dispatch invitations to their numorous friends, to nioet tliem 'at the manor for tho Bliooting season ; mul at hor suggestion tho Earl of Strathspey did tho samo thing. Accordingly, when they reached tho end of, their journey, tho earl's party found' a gay assemblage of friends await ing ? thom. ?' Wo- aro going to have a delightful Reason,' remarked Lady Drummond, ' ami you may t hank mo for it, my lord ; you and Sir Varnoy would liavo moped \- lioro all nlono, and popped your solitary ^uus, if I had not como to the rosctio. Men aro so absurdly stupid 1' My lady showed hor whito tooth in a flashing sinilo, as tho earl handed her into a carriage that was to convoy hor to tho manor, and put out licr whito j swel led hand to bid him farewell. 'I shall oxpcct to soo a great deal of you at tho manor,' she said, adding, with a peculiar look in. her oyes and a faint suggestion of rogrot in hor voico ; 'you usod to like tho manor years ago.' 1 ' And 1 liko it yot ,' replied tlie enrl, gallantly ; ' and shall certainly avail mysolf of your kind invitation. Of course you'll not wait to bo invited to Scvonoaks you and Sir Varnoy.' Tho ploasaiit, good- natured, unsus picious baronet bowed, while his iiuohiii' la-}y replied : ° 'Not I, my lord carl ; I always go wherever I plenso, .and .it will certainly please mo to como to' Suvcnoaks. But 1'vo fallen into shocking liabits of late ; you know how I gallop ? Woll; I shoot, too I I shoot pheasants, my lord!' The oarl did raise his oyebrows in well bred surprise, and tho gay counters broke into a ringing laugh. ? ? , ; ' And I follow the hounds,' she ciin-' linucd, and indulge in all mamior i-f ? masculine pleasuaes, Sir Varnoy liko it, but you aro sliockcd, my lord? '/ Sir Varuey smiled indulgently on the bewitching creature who boro his nahio . .. and title, and Lord StratliBpoy protcstod , gallantly that . nothing her ladyship I ^pleased todo could chock him, 61 S I Meanwhile, the countosa nnd hor two children, and their two, nurses, waited pationtly in tho Scvonoaks' carriage, Colonol Ohudloigh nnd his wifo and Beveral other friends having drivon on ahead. . 'How my Lord Strathspey do admire Lndy Drummond,' whispered. Lola to Judith, with a peculiar expression in hor black oyes. ? . Judith gavo her a nuilgo. ' Why don't you hush Velio said, 'and tend to Lord Angus. Ho's tearing tho trimming from his coat.' But Lela was not to bo siloncod. 'Only watch him, Judith,' sho con tinued, in a loud whisper; 'his very lyes danco ns he looks nt hor I And sho bo a vory lovely woman, my Lady Drum mond. What n pity tho couutoss ain't liko her.' 'Will you hold your tonguol' re turned Judith, gathering Lady Pearl in hor nrms and moving to tho opposito side. 'How savago you aro, to bo suro,' continued Lela; 't'ain't no harm I'm Bay ing, I'm sure, and evoryono knows it. Tho coachman was speaking about it last night, and ho saystha; tho earl and Lady Drummond used to bo lovers, and that — ' 'Shut up, I sayl' snapped Judith, her brown oyes fairly blazing, for, glanc ing over at hor mistress, who reclined amid tho cushions, she saw that sho was ns whito as death, with a wild and torri lied look iu hor lovoly oyes. Sho had heard the iiuibo's idlo words, if idle they wore, and nn awful fear thrilled every fibro of hor being. What if it were so ? Sho remombercd the old roport that tho earl had onco ad mired . Cecilia Cavendish, and how hia fathor's inexorable edict had forbidden his boyish admiration. What if the old fancy still lived ? . In her torriblo pro-occupation, sho had not noticed her husband, or over dreamed of ouch a thing. Sho watched him now with all her tortured soul in hor oyes. 1 Ho was standing in the aftornoou sun i light, liis nublo head bared, his lino faco I all aglow with pleasure and admiration, as ho looked up and listened to somo gay speech Lady Drummond was making. Presently tho lady extonded hor slender hand, and the earl kissed it, bowing pro foundly. 'Good-bye, Lady Strathspey,'' cried Lady Cecilia nt that moment, ns the earl turned nnd left her. ' I shall expect you to drivo over to tho manor 'every day.' Tho countess nodded and smiled— oh, such a wan, sad smile 1 — and mado room for her besido her husband. Iio settled himself down with an air of onjoyment, taking his son from Lola nnd establishing him on his knoo. ' Now,'Sanford, drivo liko tho wind,' ho called. '? I'm anxiouB to seo tho old place i again. Do rouso up a littlo, Mar guerite,'- addressing his wife, ' and look at Hevononks Towers in tho sotting suu liglit ; it is really annoying to liavo you always moping so.' Tho countess obeyed. Sho roused up, and looked at Sovonoaks' Towers, and smiled and talked with a strange glitter in hor oyes and a hectic bloom on hor chccks, and in her* heart, deep in hor heart, that poisoned, rankling thorn that tho uurso's imprudent words had im planted. The manor gentry woro dining at Sovonoaks, a fow days after, and to gether with tho oarl's guests, they mado a largo and brilliant party. AH day tho men had beon popping at the pheasants in the west copice, while tho ^ladies dozed over I'ronch novols iu tho cool drawing-rooms ; but tho'clashing of tho old tower boll had called them all together, and now in thoir best array thoy occupied tho great drawing-room that openod into tho dining hall. Tho long tablo, with its spotless damask utid glittering glass and silver, was already laid, and through tlfo gor geous streamed the red, August sunlight, malting tho swinging chandeliers, and costly goblets, and gilded vases, gleain and glitter as if wrought of precious atones. Tho Countoss of Strathspoy occupied a aota at tho extreme ond of tho drawing room, with Colonel Chudleigh oil one hand and Sir Varnoy Drummond on the othor. Sho was magnificontly robed in a blue Bilk dinnor dress, elaborately trimmed with old point, and iu lior ears and at hor throat burned tho old . Strathspey dia monds. Her, wondrous golden hnirlay ovor her fair brow in countless littlo shining curls and her cheoks glowed liko the lioart of -a blush-rose, while hor oyes, hor lovoly sappliiro oycB, fairly dazzled ono with' tluv splendor of their fevorish brightness. Never in all lior lifo had Marguoritei, Countess of Strathspey, . looked moro beautiful, or felt moro wretched. . At tho other ond of tho long and magni ficent aporLmont, iu nn embrasure of ono of the stained windows, sat Lndy Drum mond. Sho wore n dress of boiiio light, gold hued fabric, that brought out iu wondrous perfection all the glorious tints of her Ilobo-liko faco, and hor Hack braids and hor heavy- curls wero hold in placo by thick bands of red Indian gold. . 'Cloopatra- horsclf nover lookod moro regal than did my./Lady Cecilia, sitting beneath the gorgeous glow of tho richly stained glass. Lord Strathspey bont ovor her chair, hia faco glowing and animated. Sho-was turning tho loaves of a landscape folio, talking to the oarl in tho mean time. : — 'I'm going to shoot to-morrow,' sho said, with an arch Bmile j ' so you must como to the manor. . I'm .anxious to dis gust you, my lord. I til ways was ii tom boy, you know; Do yon rcmcmbor, Angus- ? ' alio began ; tlion, with a blush, nnd drooping lids— ' iny lord, I moan. I bog a thouiund pardons. Thinking of the old days mado mo forget; but do you remember wlut rare mornings wo used to havo, galloping tocovordowu* on Willow Heath* Ah,. MoT' ? .. Lady Cecilia sighed, nnd seemed not to hear tho sari's assurance that, ho did re member. Presently she continued, as if half to herself : 'Such rare mornings! Dear, dear, what n pity -we cannot be always young and happy I This humdrum married life is very prosy, don't you think ao, my lord ?' . , - ' Well, . I don't, know,' replied the (?ar!,-,\vith A .laugh ; ',I. havo not found mino so very prosy, But I dare Bay you know heat, L'idy Drummond.' ' Of course I do,',' oiting hor scarlet lip with vexation, but laushicjMsavly 'and, apropos of prosiness, wc aro to liavo a ball ovor at ' Tho Cedars.' Lady Varnoy drovo ovor yesterday to tell mo. Tho cards.go out to-irorrow, and it comes off on tho twenty-ninth— a real fancy affair — bal maaquo, you know ! You'll not lind any prosiness thoro, I'll promise you. And now, do guess who's to bo the lion,' .she added innocently, but with d sudden flasn m.hor Spanish oyes. ' I'm suro I've no idea whatovor, unless you mean j'oursclf,' replied the earl. ' Jlysolf ! Oh, you stupid ! Moaning myaelf. I should liavo Baid queen I Who's to bo tho lion, I say 1 Who, indeed, but Colonol Gilbert Vernoy, Lady Vornoy's brother, just como homo from India ; and, begging your pardon, my lord — your wife's old lover — a charming man. You had bettor look out for yourself, my lord oarl.' Soinothing in tho insinuation, and in hor ringing laugli irritated Lord Strath spey. Ho frownod and bit his lip. 'I cau't Beo what I havo to fear from Colonel Gilbert Vornoy,' he replied, coldly. 'Can't you continued the lady, in a teasing tono. 'Lady Strathspoy i3 a charming woman, and old coals are soon rekindled. Tho carl almost involuntarily glanccd across at his wife. Sho wns a charming woman indeed, and more charming, he thought, at that moment, than ho had ovor seen lior before — she, who a day or two ago, had beon so languid and listless. What could bo bo secrot of tho sudden cliango? ' Only look at her now — tho countess, I mean !' continued his companion, who had followed his glance, ' is sho not glorious? Such a chnngo I Down in the Tyrol sho was liko a ghost. What i3 tho secret, I wondor 1 I can scarcely believe hor tho 8amo poraon.' ' She's liko tho rost of hor sox, whimsical and changeable,' replied tho earl. 'Not so my lord,' rotortcd Lady Cecilia, half iu earnest, half in jest ; 'wo women always havo motives, especially wlioro our good looks aro concerned. Lot mo read tho riddlo for you. Colonel Verncy calls this ovening. The countcss hcrxclf told me, not an hour ago, that she expected him. Can't you sec, my lord ? I warned you to tako caro 1' And again hor wicked, teasing laugli rang out. For tho lifo of him, Lord Strathspey could not conceal his vexation. Ho was just blind aud simple onough to suffer this arch-enchantress to win her object, which was to rouso his jealousy and sus picion in regard to his wife. Those British poors aro only human after all, despite their noblo blocd aud highsound ing titles, nnd as wcok ana as full of foibles, a goodly number of tliem, aa tho lowliost peasant that pays tliem hoinago. Aligns, Earl of Strathspey, was no excep tion. Though a good aud genorous man, and pretty Bhrewd, he was no without liiB failings. Being the thirteenth earl of Strathspoy Towers did not make him per fect by any means. Ho glanced across; a second timo, at his wifo, in her shimmering laccs and diamonds, hor faco bright with feverish expectation, and a Buditen thrill atirred liis heart. Was it because this Indian colonel was coming, that sho had bloomed out so V Ho knew tho story of Gilbert Vernoy's early lovo for Lady Marguorito of Auk land Oaks. Ho wsb only a young guards man then, and he was vory doBporate when lie found thero wns no hope for him, and talked a good deal about blowing hi3 brains out, but concluded to go with his regiment to inula instead. And hero lie was back again, a colonol, and a bachelor still. ?' Lord Strathspey gnawed at his mous tache, and watched liis beautiful countoss with covert glances. Poor, blind Lord Angus, ho could not seo, ho could not droain, and there' was no friend's tongue to whisper . him tho truth, that his poor, loving, constant wife, stung by cruel jea lousy, had thrown off her lethargy, her terrible sorrow, mul by au effort almost Buporhnmnn, had bloomed out in nil tho beauty sho possessed, hoping to liold his lovo, hor dearest troasuro, which bIio saw, with a. woman's quick perception, was slipping from lior. Her husband did not droam of this, which Lady Cecilia well onough know, and lior wicked oyos gleamed with triumph as sho watchcd the earl's moody faco, and eaw that her random arrow had Btruck homo. But tho clanging of tho great dinner boll brought this littlo sido-play to an abrupt close, aud tho carl and his guests tiled through tho glittering rooms, and sur rounded tho maguiticont board, allsauvity, and smiles, and lionoycd words, too well bred and Bolf-posaessod to betray oven a suggestion of bitter and torturing passions that tilled thoir hearts. CHAPTER XV. A I'EllILOUS STEP. Lord Strathspoy, all at onco, liad im perative occasion to make a run down to London. Only for a short stay, ho'wovor, andOuloiiolCliudleighwnstodo thohonors, andliis guests to mako themselves comfort able till hia return. Ho started for tho early train, befuro breakfast was Bcrvcd,and tho countcss and hor children were still in their dressing room. Ho tappod lightly, 'at tho door, as ho passed on his way down. Judith admitted him, und his wifo arose, still wrapped in hor morning cashmere, at his entrance, 'Don't disturb yoursolf, Marguo rito,' lio aaid, just a trifle coldly ; 'I'm off for London, and just dropped in to Bay good-by.' i Ho crossed to tho loungp, upon which tho children woro sitting, and kissed thom repeatedly. Lndy Pearl clung to his nook, auiVfoll to sobbing. - ?. ''Don't go, papa, darling papa !' alio implored; 'wo want papa lioro, don't wo. mamma?' ? ? ? ? — ^ Mumnw nbTwed, with tho hot toars ris hig to liar. oyos. . 'But papa must go, just for a little while, and he'll bring I'carl n groat doll, with winking oyes. Will that do ?' . Lady Pearl clnppod lior hands in eo stasy. . 'And what shall I bring you, my boy?' continued tlie earl, taking the boy's face in his hands, and looking down into Jiis T^oa with unspeakable lovo. Light, cold eyes they wore, a trifle opaque and dull, and tho face was' inclined to bo thin and sallow. Lady Pearl looked like a rosebud beside her brother, and I think her father, though lie was almost unconsoioua of it, felt a little angry, and vexed at bet lair, fresh loveliness. Whit business had sho to bo briglitor and hand Bomer than hia aon and heir ? 'What shall I bring. j/ou, my son, from London?' continued the oarl, for tho boy had not answered. ' Nothing I I don't want nothing,' ho ropliod; at last, with a sudden air. ' Pcarl cnn havo tho doll ; I won't havo nothing.' 'You may have tho dolly boiiio, too, oubber,' pried gonorous littlo Poarl ; ' I woii't koep hor all tho timo.' 'No, I slmn't 1'' returned tlio youug lord, spitefully. His father looked inexpressibly grieved. From day to day this wns tho trouble of tho nursery — tho cross, unamiablo tompor of tho boy. Nothing could plenso orcon tont him ; ho was always surly and onvious, while Lndy Pearl was all , goncrosity and sweetness. ' ' Novnr mind ; I'll bring you both something. Bo good children,' said tho father. Tlion lie' turned to the countess, and hold out his linnd. 'Good-by, Mnigucrito; my stay will ba short, nnd the colonol will seo that you aro comfortable. Ho did not kiss her, and his voico was cold, , his manner, distant and coro monious. Colonol Gilbert Vornoyliad called on the ovouing of tho dinner party, just as Lady Drummond prodictod ; and tho countess had received liiiu very graciously, and evon honored liiin with n promenade on tho terraco. ? Consequently, my lord, her most injured husband, was iu the sulks, and not at all disposed to bo affectionato. ' Good- by, Angus,' said his wifo, her voico faltering, and hor oyes swimming with toars ; ' won't you kiss mo before yougi?' Tho piteous voico touched tho earl keenly, but ho was too proud to show it. Instead of clasping lior to liis bosom, as his inclination prompted him, ho only touched his lips to her forehead. As tho door closed bohiud him, his wife, unmindful of tho presence of hor children and their nurse, throw herself upon tlio couch and burst into a passion of hysterical sobs and tears. But in a vory littlo wliilo aho arose, still and cnlm. 'Take tho children away,' -alio said motioning to Lclti, who had justontcred ; 'and do j'ou romain, Judith.' ' Now bring my travelling dross, and ring for a cup of chocolate, ' aho con tinued, when they wero alono. Judith stared in amnzoinont. ' Iam going back to tho Tyrol,' ex plained the counteis. ' Now is my timo, while the oarl is away, and I liavo not a moment to lose.' 'My lady — yon?' ejaculated tho girl. ' Why not send me in your place ?' (to be cosiiNUnn) 