The Five Comrades. By Sacnders F. Nicholls. - ' CHAPTER XL The great camp fire had burnt down to a ruddy glow, with now and then a flicker, as some limb or branch caught and sent up a tongue of flame. The warm 'light could be seen by the fierure, that stealthily and cat-like crept forward in. the gloo'» that waa the d-nRPr outside the ring rif subdued hsht. Every movement was made with the caution of a beast of prey. No stick cracked, no branch swung or rustled. Slo'wjy and deliberately he advanced, with but tiow and then a pause, then, with body prone amongst the grass and undergrowth, he raised his head and gazed stead fastly at the camp. The light of the fire lit up the whiteness of the tent, and when his eye caught sight of thin object the gazer contemplated it long and earnestly, as though puzzled. He knew no one who camped with a tent like that. Was it worth going on — or, if worth going on, was it needful to use caution ? They would not know him, these people who used white tents, and yet had he not seen that be'ow in the canoe which told him he did know something of the men who camped . herp, knew them welt enough to sink thnir canoes to baulk .pursuit, should he be discovered. Yes, he must ree which men these were of those be knew. The knowledge might at any .time be useful. No enemy was feared by them — by these sleepers— as they slumbered soundly, and he could, without arousing them, pass amongst them, and then he would know whom he had to deal with. So, still nearer, bit' by bit, that crouching figure advanced to the sleeping camp. What are you about, Whistler ? Keen of eye, keen of scent, keen of ear. Is there nothing moving around \- the camp that you can detect ? : Ah! Whistler is not easy in his mind. Every now and then his head is raised, and he turns it from Mde to ; .. side -and sniffr.- Some bird, perhaps, moving in its \- nest, or rustling the leaves that hang near him on bis 1 . perch. ' ?': ????. 'i'he figure has got witliia 20 yards of the camp, but the fallen pine logs conceal the dog as they do the \- .recumbent sleepers. Whistler is less at ease; along low whine comes from him and then another. A sleepy voice reaches the ears of the startled listener, l: Quiet, Whif tier: quiet, boy.' This, however, Whistler seems inclined not to be, and a low ho wl tells of his unrest. Tbe crawling figure is now moving as stealthily back wards as it before did forwards. . A dog is not to.be caught asleep as its master may possibly be. . There is another low. long plaintive howl, then a deep voice saye: ' ,' AjxV whir's the matter wid- ye, Whistler. There's sotnethra* creepin' round ye somewhat.' . . There was not much in that. Nothing to frighten even a child bred up in tho woods. But what is the matter with the crouching and retreating figure. He appears unable to continue his retreat. - A cold \- sweat breaks out over him, and he trembles so that the ~ mnzzle t-f his gun drops with a thud upon the root of tree near him. ? - The owner of that voice surely was left three hundred miles distant with a knife in bta heart, dead. And the man who dealt that cowardly, treacherous blow crouched amid the.imdergrowth, in the darkness, with a terrible fear inhis craven heart that |he ghost of the murdered hunter had risen to haunt ana hhnt him. ; i When the guubarrel PtrnoVthe tree root, Whiftler, with a short; angry bark, ran into the darkness towards the sound,: and the great bulk of Mick arose to its feet, \ looming gigantic and ghos% in the dini'Ii^bS an-I~ flickering: shadows of the fire; while the ascending smoke from a green limb ..gave an. added mystic .. appearance to the ureat hunter's form. ? ! The artiBt comes to the door of his tent, and the | Lone Elk raises himself on bis elbow. . -. ' '/ ~. * ' Mick, picking up Ms. rifle, -strides .after the dog, saying, '.SjTeUl see, what's troubling yer little friend.' But a short distance Mil' he advanced one of the camp when a^black forffi- iff th- .glooflr of th£ thick foliage sprang jjd, before bjo), and 4 voice shrill with terror screamed,.?1 Ah ' ah !lback demon, back !' To say that' Mick was 'startled is only to say that He was human, antfuot a demon; but had you been there I doubt whether you could, have told it. -- ' Bedad, and why should I go back, thin?' was the instant reply as he moved forwards. At that instant an unburnt branch rolled over into the fire, and the flame, shooting up, sent sufficient light into the woods to enable Mick to partly make out the form in front of him. 'Knifey Peter! \e murthuring villain,' he . shouted, throwing the muzzle of his rifle forward, ' Stand, or ye are no better than a dead man.' The half-breed, firmly believing for the moment, in bis terror, that the being before him was the ghost of the man he thought he had killed, had turned to flee. Yet, at the well-known voice he paused a moment, pointing his weapon at the hunter who was advancing to seize 'him ; his trembling finger was on the trigger ; he presented it ; a crack, a puff of smbke, and tue great : hunter, man— not ghqstr-felK', -'??; '.'.'?? :V As Mick dropped, several forms appeared through the trees, coming from the camp, and turning, the - murderer darted into the deeper shade, and with the speed of lightning, made for the water. ''' ' '* Bat one shot had been fired, and to those in title camp this appeared to be Mick's, and that Misk's voice could;, be heard, was nothing, for itofien was when other men were silent. No alarm was telt at the sound of the shot, but as Mick would not fire without cause, the oc cupants of the camp came ouU to sea what had been the reason of the disturbance. ' Ugh !' exslaimed ;the Lone. Elk, springing back as his foot touched the- body of. the hunter. -- In a moment he and the four others' were gathered around the prostrate form of their friend. A light was brought and with scared faces and anxious hearts they looked for sign of injury. - : A great bruise marked the temple of the fallen hunter, and the skin and hair were cut in a continuous line along that side of his head, and his face was de luged with blood; - . ';???;. the Indian chief placed his hand over the heart of his friend; then quickly picked- up the dropped rifle and examined it. It was loaded— it had not been dis charged. ''-.;? . : Then another quick look at the wound, along which he ran his finger. The bultetjiad tiot entered ttoe skull; it had ploughed its OTSssSlong it— hence the blood. But the bruise --how wiine that ¥ The Lone Elk stood for a second or two stilly a topnze statue, the only Bound for the moment-being the heavy breathing of Mick and the distant angry barking of the dog down by the water. The chief noted this angry barking. Re raised his head suddenly, a bright gleam in his dark eyes. l&ea; picking vapr the hunter's rifle again, he held it close to the light of4be burning pine branch. Placing his finder on a slight Jin t he showed the mark to the anmooa^group standing beside him, saving with Ajwe^ieitheWWB of ^serpent, -*.' Bullet.' : g ?' ^^BuMhis rifle has not been fired, chief,' said Stanley, in low- hushed voice. -« Enemy's bullet,'? '«eplied the Indian, .'.hit Great Bison's ritie, make bruise, cut scalp, save life, young brother get water, wash wound.' The Lone Elk turned And disappeared in the darkness and in the -direction where tbe dig continued to bark. Iu a moment or two the form of the Indian glided out of the darkness on to the fallen a?h tree, where stood Whistler, - glancing up the tunnel-like gloom, of the backwater,, . and barking. viciously. One glance at the taut lines that held the canoes, showed him they had been sunk, and he knew that the man he sought'was afloat in a canoe of hi« own and „ had disappeared up the gloomy passage of the . back water, and, unless-he were lying hid in its gloom, r that he could by this time have .got into the mountain river, or have reached the western side of the delta island, and so from there pass out into the lake. That he bad not got away in. the direction the hunter* had come was evident from the direction in which the dog looked and was barking. Springing ashore again, the Lone Elk passed swiftly along the right bank until he could command a view of the lake to the westward of the delta. On that side of the island the water reeds did not grow, and tbe overhanging trees formed a band of deep shadow on the water. Outside 'that the lake shone white beneath the light of the moon. Tbe chief's be?n glance swept the placid scene for eign of canoe or man, but without avail. , For fully five minutes he stood without, removing Ms' gaze from tbe view before him. , His knowledge of frontier warfare \- and woodcraft told him that the fleeing enemy would not have paddled up against the swift current of the ?mountain river, but that, 'having tbe command of the water, lie would, take , to -Ee lake. At the end of five . :-minutes, during* whioh hp- had not removed his caze from the white glare at the end of the delta, a dark ? something shot nut beyond if, and then a canoe and ? man showed clearly^ though a quarter of a mile distant, turning the corner at the end' «f the island. . In another moment be would be round the jutting point and lost to view at the far fiide of the island. He was \- not thus to go, however, without knowing that, well as he had, so far, covered his trail, as keen a brain as his bad tracked his movements as c early as though the; had been seen. : . The brown barrel of the Lone Elk's rifle glinted for a moment in -the moonlight, another shot disturbed the stillness of that night, and the distant -figure threw up its arms- and sank' down in the canoe. Only for a second, however, did he thus drop out of sight, for before the chief 'couI3 reload the apparently slain man rose again, and, seizing the paddle, swept the canoe around the point and out of sight from the spot where the Lone Elk stood. Springing into the water, the chief, holding his rifle in his left hand, above his head, swam with his right, across the backwater to the island. It was densely covered with trees, and thick tangled undergrowth, with here and there a swampy, boggy patch. Press on as he might, he could only make slow 'progress through this. The island was hardly a quarter of a mile in length, but it was fully a quarter of an hour before the Indian, 'even with the* most des perate exertions, arrived at the far side, and could com mand a view of the lake. Away out on its surface, half a mile, distort, and' moving from hi u, he could see the canoe. Even his iron frame shoik and panted with the exertions put forth to. pass thit quarter of a mile of scrub and swamp. Leaning against a tree, he stood for a moment to recover his wind. Then, Ukinp. a long and careful aim, he fired, but the escaping figure stepping for a moment, shook his paddle tauntingly in the air and sent back over the water a bitter mock ing laugh of triumph. ' . (To bt continued.) 