WITH THE GODS, as BY QUASIMODO. While happily you are still young you have many pleasing illusions, and it is only as you love them that you reluctantly realise how surely you are growing old. You become prosaic as the grey hairs begin to show, and that bald spot you want of is the battle-ground of lost illusions, as it were. It was when you were very young, for instance, that the magical fairyland of the stage first dazzled you with the fascinating witchery of its curious charm. You believed in the fairy prince and the wicked ogre, and you are not too far gone to remember what you thought of the transformation scene.. In that halcyon day, when you saw the player lift his fine orbs towards the "flies" as he delivered his heroic soul in one of those proper bursts of inflated sentiment happily now so rare, you know, of course, that he was appealing to those loftier emotions of our nature that translate a man beyond himself and make his character sublime. Now, you know that the respectable creature is merely "touching the gods." AU actors do this thing. It is one of thoireophis excited little ways. For, after all, it is the personal encouragement the actor feels and sees and hears at the moment that cheers him on his same way, just as it is the chink of a well-filled treasury that moves the spirited entrepreneur more than any fine enthusiasm for the stage as a social reformer or a high moral teacher. Either will tell you it isn't, of course, and you listen and agree and don't believe him. This is one of the pretty conventionalism that hold the world together. Every Thespian knows that it is to " the gods " that he must look for a verdict on his honest efforts. That triple ring of heads that clings like so many bodiless cherubs, or a clustering swarm of bees to the cornice of the roof, and looks as if it might any moment topple over into the parapet, is the poor player's first and final court of appeal. The people who hang on by their eyelids up there in- herit this right from the days of Thespis himself. It is older than trial by jury. Thespis, you know, travelled his dramatic company about old Greece ever so many centuries ago, after the fashion of Jarley's Temple of the Legitimate you see in the " Light of London." He had a kind of glorified furniture van of the period for a stage. His theatre was the open air. His properties and effects consisted of the w neglect with which the actors stained their faces. And his audience was the ring of gaping rustics ranged around. There were no frills about Thespis. and no pretty conventionalisms regarding the higher functions of the furniture van he called his stage. He just took his boats when he got it, and was probably glad enough to escape from the unaffected and candid criticism of his audience- when their volatile spirits were not quite moved that way, A cart with a yoke of bullocks attached would offer facilities for this kind of flank movement that we may be sure the wily Thespis did not despise. The traditions of the profession are against it I have seen a derelict opera company in the inartistic North-west escape by moonlight from a township in a cattle truck, making night melodious with its light-hearted arias and ovations. But that is neither here nor there. The point is that The spin appealed to the suffrages of a democratic audience, and the poor player does the some every night in our own theatres when he throws his fine arts up at the flies." If you will take your place in the queue that forms at the gallery door on Saturday night mind, I am not recommending anybody to do this you will be aware of a sudden yell presently, and when you try to look up to see what it is for you you will find yourself saved the trouble. For by that time a rush of animated substances will pay you off your feet, and whirl you aloft up the narrow stairs like an eddy, until it fires you like a shot from a shanghai into the gallery above. You sit down, and thank your stars you arrived safely. You even flatter yourself you did it rather neatly. And then it is time to look round. The space is filled in an instant You are right up against the roof. The flour rises in a sharp incline within a foot or two of the oiling. The cushioned chairs and crimson plush of the lower circles are exchanged for bare planks and anaesthetic boards. Far down below you see the comparative luxury of the dress-circle, its soft 'light and colour, the shimmer of silk and the flutter of fleecy fans, and the frequent dash of jewels. There are graceful forms in evening dress, of young girls and their gentle mothers who have never been brought into closer contact with the harsher realities of life than they are now, just poised between the gallery and the stage. Yet further down below you the eye reaches a lower depth, and you see the Hour of the auditorium apparently paved with. heads. There is a man in shirt sleeves a few yards round the circle from you. he is drinking something with a villainous " lugging" out of a sodawater bottle. Just below him, in the stalls, shines a polished bald head like an ostrich egg. One of those follows who think your neighbour is keeping the bottle too long has just to give him a knock on the elbow, and there will be more tragedy enacted in the theatre to-night than the tonsured innocent below has paid for at the doors. You think of the wag who stopped a gallery row in a Dublin theatre one night Some choice spirits wanted to eject an obnoxious individual by throwing him over into the pit. "Don't waste the divil; kill a fiddler with him!" came a suggestion from somebody in a yell from the other side, and the incident passed off in laughter. That sodawater bottle might come in handy to point a criticism. with by-and-bye, when the curtain goes up. But there is no immediate danger. The kind of man that holds it never dropped a bottle accidentally in his life particularly if it had anything in it. "Up with the rag !" comes in a shrill falsetto from a game at the back. Von look round. He is hanging with half-a-dozen others by one hand from the ceiling. You've seen flies do that kind of thing often, but never human beings before. Some mysterious law of gravita- tion or attraction that you know nothing about keeps them and many others in their places, however, The small boy's re- mark is a stage direction from the gallery, familiar enough to all first-night theatre-goers. The stage manager knows what it means well enough. So do the people all about you- They begin to stamp and some with their feet, and to echo the puny machine piping ory. There is a feeling? of pent-up expectation among the audience in all parts of the crowded house, and you cat. to? the electricity in the air. The stifling atmosphere t gets thicker up here where you are after a little while, and the noises grew louder and more various. A shrill chorus of whistling splits the ears, and a thick-set man with close- cropped hair near by, grows red in the face with his too successful efforts at arbitration. The orchestra down stairs he begun to play some time ago. Acquaintances hail each other across the width of the circle. Personal remark-) of a familiar, not to say free, character are flying from side to side like shuttlecocks. There is not much wit in these pleasantries, but there is plenty of good humour. Anticipation grows, the gallery gets impatient, and the din increases every minute. In the middle of this hideous babel the drop- scene rises, the curtain where it is in use goes slowly up, and a curious hush falls suddenly upon the house. And then the play begins. These things you may see in any theatre at a crowded first-night performance. There is no harm in it all, and managers like it well enough up to a certain point because it shows them that a section of the public they cater for is interested in their play. It would be but a poor first night that saw what the gallery boys call " the rag " go up upon a silent house. So you can nearly always a depend upon it that when you assist at a preliminary demonstration like this you are in a popular theatre where you stand a fair show of getting value for the money you have invested with the ticket-taker. The night I found myself under the circumstances I have related was spent in front of Mr. Rignold's magnificent stage pictures of "Julius Cesar," and the ever- green George need have wished for no better sign of public anticipation or of satisfaction than he doubtless found in the state of the house before the rise of the curtain, or the burst of applause that greeted the first splendid scene of his noble Shakespearean revival. You may think, possibly, that those good fellows in the gallery don't appreciate Shakespeare. But if so you make an interacting mistake. You have only to listen to the animated criticisms going on around you, They know all about the stage business, these gallery boys ; you realise that when you hear them talking about "wings" and flies," and "flats and" black cloths," "O.F. side" and prompt." up stage and down stage, and all the rest of it There was a man in front of me on Saturday night whom I shrewdly suspected had been on as a witness" in his time. He was an authority among his fellows, and they understood all his allusions, as had that kind of propulsive rose you see in pictures of Don Quixote, the possession of which has given many a man a pre- posterous reputation for superior Fasncity before now. He viewed the proceedings on the stage with a critical eye, and his comrades hung on his words, When they disputed they referred to him, and his judgments were as final as those of the Privy Council. He gave a fine illustration of his influence when a young gentleman, with »nail-bloodless- mixed his-look kind of complexion ventured a theory that, when Crfsar remarked "Et tu, Brute!" he was expostulating with the little fat party in the bed- gown on his brutality in not giving him time to put up his hands. The young gentleman with the complexion, described those useful limbs of the great Roman as his " forks," by the way I and his theory seemed on the point of making an impression, until the sago with the Quixotic nose just turned and gazed fixedly at the speaker, and then looked severely down upon the stage again without a word. The critic collapsed ; but his mind evidently ran upon the glories of the ring, for the quarrel scene between Brutus and Cassius worked him up to a pitch of distressing intensity again, and his disappointment was pathetic when the little breeze between the heroes simmered down before they had even time to put on the gloves. There was a person with a ridiculous superfluity of trouserings, too, who exercised his ingenuity in encouraging the idea ers. When Marc Antony is left alone beside the body of Caesar, you remember. he falls on one knee to mourn over the death of his friend. This was the opportunity of the flippant youth in the voluminous garment. " Don't cry, George he said, in accents of piteous sympathy, and an unfeeling gallery laughed. " Put on your wines " he remarked with irreverence to the curse of the AuguSt defunct. Who will say after this that Australian youth have no notion of solemnity or awe ? But his opportunity came in downright earnest when the ghost scene in the tent of Brutus came on. The stage was veiled in shadow, the taper flickered in its science with a weird and enemy air. Lucius and the guards lay slumbering by, and the noblest Roman of them all kept his anxious vigil. The ghost of Caesar appeared and " Turn on the Bneakv music, George 1 " came in tones of passionate adjuration from the pent-up bosom of the irrepressible observer among the gods, For those who heard the malicious remark the ghostly effect of the latter part of that powerful scene was sacrificed. For some reason or other the sympathies of the gallery went very largely with Brutus. Whether it was because of old friendship for the fine oil actor who played the part or because the single-minded virtue of the incorruptible Brutus appealed to a touch of nature in the critics, of OIUPSO I cannot tell. Perhaps it was a little of both. Perhaps some of those in the gallery remembered the brave doings on the boards of the bygone Victoria Theatre years ago, before the school of old actors that once I hold sway in Sydney passed away. Both Julius I Caesar Judas, I heard one critic call him-? and Brutus are played at Her Majesty's by old Sydney players, and perhaps their acting on Saturday night struck what Mr. Gunpv would call a chord. The fact remains, however, that the sympathies of the gallery went with Caesar and Brutus. The general verdict was that the latter had been got at-" nibbled," the gallery picturesquely called it -by Cassius and his friends. When he swore once or twice " by the gods to the gallery cheerfully accepted the compliment But there was a feeling that Brutus should have made another fight for it before he skewered himself on his own sword "The gods "I don't hold much with suicide, and there was an idea prevalent, not flattering to the reputation of the deceased dramatist who framed the play, that the action of Brutus in this particular meant nothing more or less than "equalling the show." They have a very loose way of expressing themselves in the gallery, sometimes. The ridiculous weed who revelled in the flippant irreverence I have quoted must not be taken as a fair type of a gallery audience. There is a good deal of appreciation in the gallery, and it is well to remember that those who are there habitually find their books and pulpit on the stage, as well as their recreation. It is always a healthy sign to see the gallery respond in its hearty way to the virtuous sentiment voiced by the player, or moved by the genuine touch of nature that the dramatist now and then throws into acting shame upon the boards. Give the people healthy wholesome plays, and you can always depend on the existence of a healthy and wholesome sentiment that you can appeal to and find an echo when you like. There may be as much sensation as you please. The gallery likes that, and " the gods " scale the high Olympus of their aerial if not airy location with a mind to be amused. Melodramatic effect is what their elementary souls delight in. But the best dramatists and the most popular theatres have shown us that " the gods " can be kept in good humour by healthy and wholesome plays, so long as they are not didactic or dull, just as well and better than they can by the most questionable adaptations from the cleverest French comedies. Even the person, who tells (load Caesar to put on his wings is not entirely beyond the pale of hope and perhaps his yearning after "sneaky vision" may have been suggested by a certain indefinite artistic perception that is not without a capricious and fleeting value of its own. All the appreciation is not confined to the better- paying portions of the house, and there are choice spirits in the gallery Sometimes before Avho'O outspoken verdicts the most fastidious artists and critics might for various reasons quail. 