BROKEN HILL NEWS. [By Telegraph,] Broken Hill. February 26. Last night WiiliamB fought Bathgate in Hamilton's Hall. The contest was to be to a finish, but the police would only allow eight rounds. The fight, however, ended at the third round, when Bathgate was knocked out. Considerable excitement prevailed over the fight, and the hall waB crowded, "Messrs. 6. Kelly, Weatherley, and J. Brandon (secretary), from Melbourne, and Messrs. Finlayson, of Adelaide, directors of Block 14 Company, arrived thiB morning, and were received by the mayor (Mr, Z. Lane), who is the manager of the mine. They pro ceeded to the mine, and have been engaged during the day inspecting the concentrators and other extensive machinery on the aurEace, They will inspect the nndergronnd works to morrow. Some parcels of beautifully clean oxide of tin have been brought into town, being the re sults obtained by Messrs. May Bros', tin dressing plant erected by the firm at the Waukaroo tinfield. The results are far above the greatest anticipations, and are regarded as being certain to cause a bright future foe Waukaroo. The ore treated Bince the starting of the plant a few days ago was from the Albion mine. The concentrates have not yet been assayed, but it is estimated that they wai certainly give 74 per cent, of tin. A number of experts have inspected the plant, and have expressed admiration at the excellent method of separating the oxide from the matrix. Messrs. H. P. Vaughan and T. G, M. Green will exhibit^ at St. Luke's Bohoolroom on Friday evening, by means of a large and very effective compound phantasmagoric lantern, a number of views of the Biver Thames, pro duced from photographs, and some illustrations of Dickens's well-known story of " Motley's Ghost." The views, which number about 100, will be exhibited for the first time .in Adelaide. The lantern waB sent ont from England to the Melbourne Exhibition, and is of very superior construction. The entertain ment is to be given in aid of a fund to pay off the debt upon the chnrch. 