BARNAWARTHA. . i ; . VROir onn oobbxgpondent. Sorao writoforloTe,Bomowritoforfaffld, , \ ' Somo wrlto to provo lhoyro Bcbolars, v > . \ :. 'BufcaatnyliornisgotllDEBBOd, » ,/ I writo to round nu dollars. ' SI But Ronllo romlor do not tblnk Tho dollars all onrosdng 7 SomotimoB I writo to boln a friend As through this world lio'a tosalnv They soy it takes all sorts to mako a world bat it need not necessarily do so, for there aro sovorftl types ofcbaracter wo could Tory well disponso with and bo'gainora'by thoir nbsonoo; prominent among thtm atandd-- tbo mean mun I Wbatmorecontemptiblo! . I rocollcot in my digffioK. days .on. tho j1 Bnoklnnd, somo years ago, a horse falling aown a nolo somo zu icoc aoep ono aanaay morning. Upon it being known, tbo dig gero mustorod up to tho rescue, and thero boing no ohanoo to got tho horso ,up tho fihaCt, thoy sob do nnd dug a tronohjliko an laolincd piano to tho bottom of tbo shaft so; . that tlao horso could walk np to theaurfaco- — no small job Tho owner of tho horso boing nbsonb one of tho boys said Ifll go for ii a bottlo of P.U., and put St down to J— M— , for Fin euro ho won't bogrndgo . shouting for us for;saving his horse. jWqil /; . the P.B. wont down, and tho horao.gou ripP So far eo good l Bat, would you bbliovo it, i tho owner of tho horso ' rof apod! to; pay for . thoP.B. ontbo grounds' ol'teeUtil O/irisR-- anity, disapproving of Sunday labour and; alcoholic liquors t/' Say— wasn'thea skunk.' Butho'a quite Unooked in tho ohide by. man not a 1000 miles from Barny, who, got V a grape-crushing maobloo on trial, professed to be highly pleased with it, and purobosed it ini consideration of four months' I'tiolc oeioro a iiuBL 01 wicneeses xaen no orusaea the wholo of his vintage, which1 woo no smaU ono cither, _ and, a day or. two ago broffght' tbo gfapo-croshiog machino book again and said ne was going to mako ono of his own, and wouldn't take it. NowWa what -I call tho two ;ends and middle of d mean man. T never know such a mean man . only onoo beforo— but ho was1 ax Sohnider, from Sohnoshonbnrg, noar Jerasalem-strset, Fettiooat Lane, , « Ono of tho groatest points of differenco between the horso ana the pig down onr way is when tbo horso dies ho'a.good for nothing (except : perhaps patting ten shil- lings in somo poor j fellow'a way for hill- cremation). Tho pig Is, just . the reveres, not being a bit of good until he's loat'every drop of blood in bio body Tia then and . . then only ho'o appreciated, for as a rule a pig ia a jolly nuisance whilo bo's alivo. Of courso thoro ore oxcoptions. Somo piga . aro well behaved and rospectablo, but they aro very scarce \ tho majority aro perfect scamps, boing badly reared and worse edu cated, so of course donfc know any better Unfortunately some of tbo latter class havo been prowling about Barny for oomo timo past, and appropriating everything avail- able without lisking any questions. Two of theco marauding poachers wero canght rod-handed tho other day by ono of oar oitizens who don't, stand any nonsense Finding, the door open, tho';porks went in and staxtcd oh' an exploring oxpodition'. Ono of them rqntercd a bodtoom, capsized \ tho toilob table; smaahlng tho looking glasd ' and otkor sundries j tho other was found in tho kitchon with his foroquarters in a bag or nour. Almost immediately two loud reports were heard, and tho poaohiflg pork ers were next seen trying to mako a boo lino for their dormitories, but wore vory staggory — ono of thom immediately giving np tho ghost. The othor appears in a vory delioato state of health and it is feared will soon follow bio mnto's oxample. Ono good. .rcsaltis not a pork is now -to bo seen at f largo: in Barnynot such a good Uno for;, their proprietors as letting them board themselves, but qnito in accordance with... tho world's verdiot— tho many should notTj Buffer for . tho.few.:. ' : The re-union at tho Town-hall tho other 'ovening was very suboessfnl and onjoyablo, and notwithstanding the shortness of the , notice nearly fifty couples were present. As usual tho musio was excellent, and, thankB to the enterpriBingromotors, who weronob particular about risking a few pounds the cuirins was something exceptional— quite a stop in advanoo of :tho ola Btyle when hio - refreshments were provided. 'Tistrne the gentlemen never went short; thoy oould step, outside, ostensibly to smoke ' a cigar;.' : ' ' and thon slip up to Maok's and irrigate t6 "v' their heart 3 content whilo tho sweat r divinities wero left without/ even a biscuit ' .! or a .'glass of water! 'But nd things are - changed, and, tho damsels no longer suffer. ,. , to dance for hours on an\ empty stomach, but aro regaled bountifully with the most appetizing choice .solids and. fluids our> golden land can produce. . ,Thoy Bay "its bettor to bo born luoky than rich." No doubt it's truo, but it is also truo that it'settor- to be'b'orh poor than unlucky. For instanoo, a man may bo so poor as only to pososs tho price, of a loaf ..., of bread, but if ..he .is unlucky, ofloughrtoV V!- lose the money hid is a jolly sight worse off. I fear Mr. Thomas A--h, u worbhy citizon of Barny, is to be classed among tho un- luoky ones, for .he can' never, climb the. ladder of lifQaucce'ssfully — either tho runga'/ '< break, or be falls off, and. although enter prising and diligent always manages to keep near tho bottom. Only, a short itimp «jago ono of his draught horses deliberately cam-; mitted suicide.in tho FryingpantGrsek;uidi.'i M now another ono has sacceod sncoessfally in breaking its shouldor, and had to bo shot, v No what do you call it ? Luok, chanco#' l V. fatality, vprodeotinafciohjortboiiatujaleffedt , a natpral qanso. . You can: oaU it what ?/ -: c you likef I call ifc jolly bad luok., At thp opouing of tho Belmont ,Skating.> ,Rnk in Barny tho othor, day there wasi a . very largo attohdoheb. , Highly amuBing tO', . 7i tho onlookorp, very onjoyablo to tho good' . ' M skaters, wid vary dUastroua -to tho now - . 7 boginnors, notably among the latter wero ' 1 Messrs. . W. MN-r— 1, J. W , W..O, ; h, and. T Ri j o, who industriously >' ' endeavoured to mako holes in' the floor, but ; onlysucoedcd in 'soiling thoir pants, ond ' 'i:' fepiing very soro undornoath thom— bo hod,r j to givo tho skates boat, pro (bm; at anyro-td, ' " You may talk nibout jroup talk-nbouU, i 1 7 »; Faith— nnd mountains moving',. . i : . But I go in for stubborn faotM,' . Licojit n fib's Improving j ' 1-'i ' No matter what tbo toxt may bo,. : i , .7 - i_. Itmpkoanoodda in'Baruy j /. ToaiS.oy.:l. ! 7:777 Now ff you'll givo mo olbow room 1 'r'7 Auu not mako Buck a clatter, . t. 1 21 just dig down and speak ujilodo , . . And ton you' wbat'o tbo matter, '7 , .But brat juat puss tbo bottlo boro, 'J Wbilolgotiusplrutlou, ' - :i- 1 To toll you how a lfaruy dog ' " ' " ' Oooa iu to lick oreutlou ' ''' Tlila "Suowilrlft'a" but u puppy jot, ' , t ' , , : - . ; .1 . But, mind you, bo'a no fool I . .. , v.. .\f i . . "Wbouo'er bo'u ontorod for a jnntoh , , Hoolwoyu "bcoopb tbo pool.".' ,/ v, Ho nulled tbo fltakos at Olivo Hill. ..7 7 :7)7 . : And Oootamuudra too, , ' And woa-flvo hundred for blft boaa" " ' ' F. Llko oock.ft«doodlo«do.-, ,r .. \- . 'After a fow moro'ebuutry stakes' - j ' V v '! And tropbloa ho baa.laudod, ... .mVO,;';, Ho mcaua to runtboCltydoga, . --;-'7i"7.'/ And llok tbom idngIo>bauued; ; ' , Ho moans to pull tbo "Waterloo/- 1 And causo groat oooatonmUon,-> 1 «. 1S j ;.,To think a littlo Bdmy dog.' ' " .,r Should caBtlguto orcntlon; « >: ! Mtor tbo Waterloo Ib won And a fow moro thousands notted/-'' i , ' <r- iAk.: t Hlu ownor moanH to call a "go ",', .: j \ v And havo tho Uojf gazetted I , . His prlco .wilt bo two thousand pounds.' ' v . . And; it tbo dog in Bold. . ' i'Tbo lucky, purobnaor. will bftVo >. . ' .'Lv.-, -'.Vi'" AmluoofBolldgold. . : .7, 1 ,r> Now you will think I'm blowing ,, I am Tory much 'afraid, ' . But I bavodono noblowlug ' ' ' Y'ci/.'7i',7 ! t Siuoo Ilolt tlio." smithy trade." > I always go forntubborn footB ',> , . './itv, Uuto tbo very letter, v. Ifi hnvon't got tostrotch ft point/ ' ; Audllndft,,oramuu)r.,,bottor." » i-t; Stopped by a " Suddon Jork,'— En.J ,.'17 