WANDERINGS IN ASIA , , . . - . -... .... : By Jahes Campbell. . i-- TBG1I SHANGHAI TO TUNG-CHOW. I went onboard the steamer Wuchang at It o'clock at night, as she was supposed to leave Shanghai for .Tientsin very early the following mominar. It was a- nitrlit of -sweet reflection. The rattle and clatter of a steam winch loading cargo, tlie thuds of the orgo itself as it was dropped on the deck, and the peculiar cries of the eoolies — for withont some carious sing-song no Asiatic seems to be able to work— made a very Bedlam of sleep-murdering noises. In the morning we steamed dofep tjke Wocsu ogRiver, . entered the broad estuary of the Yang-lee- Kiang, and were soon in the blue ocean north wards bound. There are some parts of this coast etili so Savage or anti-foreign that it would be death to ship-wrecked mariners, to be cast upon them. The following day we. arrived at Chefoo. -the favourite watering-place in China for Europeans. It is the most charming coast 1 town o£ any I saw, with some bold precipices on the other side of. the bay, and numbers of very striking islands standing oft sonic distance from the mainland. In the afternoon wo rounded a precipitous cape, and were in the Gulf of Pe-ehi-li, or Pee-chee-iee. Up to this time we had bad e fair weather passage, bat dmiug the . evening a change took place,- and between 9 and 1 1 o'yfoek we had what ! may. term a storm equal!; _ The 5 wind suddenly rose into a gale, the water came tumbling over the forepart, of. thesteainei' until at . leugfch.'I - thought we were about to experi ence a;typhoon . About II o'elock the tumult ceased as riiddealy as if had began and in- a short - time we were in comparatively smooth water Again. The early morning saw ub off the Taku-bar. . Then I had. a new experience. In all my steamer-travelling up; to. that time— I had been accustomed to get into some harbour., or run alongside some pier, to. discharge either pas sengers or cargo, but on this occasion the steamer dropped anchor, and proceeded to un load about hall her cargo into barges, rolling and tumbling about meanwhile, in order to so lighten herself as to be able to get over the bar. In about eight hours we were ready, and the Wuchang went ahead. In a minute of two there came the curious, grating sound which proclaimed we were on the sand, and the vessel seemed to shiver as she ploughed through it. Sometimes we almost stopped, and then was great excitement on board, for that might mean our lying on the bar for twenty-four hours ; but he mighty power of steam was not to be denied, and slowly but surely we pushed our way ahead until it almost appeared as if with a leap our steamer surmounted the last ridge of sand, and we were in the free water of the Pei-ho River. The greater part of the gulf of Pe-ehi-li is extremely shallow towards the shore, and slopes so gently that as the captain stated it, " You might put on a full head of steam, let every man go to sleep.and the vessel "would run on. shore so gradually that none of them would' be awakened by it." Perhaps there's a little trifle of imagination in that statement, but the real meaning of it is that running ashore would mean no danger, except in a storm. Once on the Pei-ho a few minutes brought us opposite the famous Taku Forts. These are said to be im mensely strong now, but the impression left on my mind was that they are still very Chinese. Nevertheless, I take it the days of French and British fleets sailing up the Pelho to land troops for the attack of Pekin are past and gone. The bar at the entrance will 6top the ironclads, and modern mines and torpedoes will effectually prevent another naval promenade to Tientsin. At first the Pei-ho is broad and tolerably straight, but it would be impossible to convey ; to the mind of the reader the character of the stream as we progressed onwards. To say it was twisted or tortuous is . to use language conveying no adequate idea of the extraordinary contortions of . the extraordinary Pci-ho. What those indiarubber gentlemen who tie themselves into all 6orts of amazing knots are among, performers is this sinuous3 snakv stream among livers. There are also manifold sandbanks ana spits to be avoided, and sudden currents to be wrestled with, so that nearly every time a steamer goes up or down she either el ices off a bit of one of the villages which crowd on the banks, and has to pay damages, or runs on a sandbank and lies there, occasionally a couple of days at a time, lashing and churning with her screw until she wriggles off somehow. No w and then a j unk is cut down and has to be paid for, so that it can easily be understood with what feelings the average captain regards the Pei-ho. The troubles of the soft-spoken navigators, however, came to an end, and at last we reached Tient- sui-rone of the dreariest places, I should imagine, in the Chinese empire. Flat, unin teresting — the European part tame and cornmon- place, the Chinese part unusually dirty and squalid — it is one of the last places in China I would desire to live in. Yet— so wonderfully is this world full of compensations — they told me Tientsin is one of. the liveliest places in the north of China for " society," especially during the winter months. I "hope it is so, and that the good people there are not deluding themselves or their visitors. They deserve many joys to make up -for their most iHipictuiv esque and dreary town. About a fortnight before! arrived there had been great excitement among the Chinese on account of some ridiculous story being circu lated about the French missionaries having kid napped a child, and it was feared for a time that there was a possibility of a renewal of the rioting which took place a few years ago when the Catholic Cathedral was destroyed and a 1 number of priests and nuns murdered — an episode still known as the Tientsin massacre. There was a very uncomfortable feeling existing in the minds of the Europeans, and it is astonishing how quickly the contagion of this semi-panic can spread. All fears proved to be groundless, but they were entirely natural. The r uins of the Catholic cathedral stand at the end of the town— a grim memorial of the past and a frowning reminder for the future. The people who have lived in these parts for years 'get to be bothcarele3S- and callous about these; alannSj" and in a sense to lose their sense of due "proportion as to danger. The new arrival, on the other hand, may- .think far too much of rumours and excitements, until, after a while, he also gets case- hardened. It is well that it is so, for otherwise life would be intolerable. Tientsin is proud, or should be, in the pos session of one of the ablest edited journals in China., the Chinese Times. It is a small paper, but of great literary merit, and performs the very useful function, among other things, of translating the contents of the Pekin . official journal in which are. published the ordinances and State "papers of the Government. I read with the greatest interest the memorial of Li-Hung-Chang, in which he set forth the reasons why the railway from Taku to Pekin ought to be constructed Many were given, hut the chief one was the necessity of a railway in case of war. Six months later on, I met a young English engineer going out to take part in the construction of the Hue, and the works were actually commenced. Since then I saw the- works, had ; beeu: stopped, fend I have not seen yet whether they were rccomuimiced. But it apattcra little whether tliey have been, stopped because of'TIie "11fi$p»pli-. 'of Ibfe a«ri-fopeigu party, or frbni'wimt of funds, or in deference to papula feelings or .superstition?. China cannot hold back, and wtU be pushed on, if she does not willingly walk on. in the ways ot modern progress. It is curious to reflect iipou, but the chief . obstacle to railways in China at present is the feeling of pro found reverence fortiie ancestral graves. : "It helps me a little to understand the Chinamau-'e frame" ofmind on this subject when I remember my own horror some years ago at .seeing one of the English, railways running right "through a churchyard. It ap peared to lue a frightful desecration, and with me it was a mere sentiment, Ilow much stronger. uriiet if. be to- the Chinese mind when itis iibt only a matter of sentiment but a matter of religion; Tito the desecration of the graves of the dead as" something horrible m ifcaelf, and (which may be even a stronger feeling) as certain to let loose tlie ghosts of the. disturbed de.wi, who will wreak vengeance upon him. But I fancy "modern ideas-, have made great, way among the en lightened, men at 'Pekin. Many of them have travelled in -Europe, ami have tasted the joys of first-class carriages, so that it will he sur prising if thev . cannot find some ' ingenious theory to explain, away the ghost difficulty. Even such artless, high-minded, and Christian j people as we are have occasionally to hold a ; candle to his -Satanic majesty, and it will be ; wonderful - indeed if the . >yi)y aud heatheii i Chines does jridt" bettea' oiiiv 'emple- when J neeeSfiity kxunpelsf. The introduction df - the J telegraph was reasted at first "on account of itA . supposed1 Interference" with - the' Fung-shui— - | that singularisUpeiy titioh to which- Inferred, in a pre vious paper-aud when I was In Pekin news chme'iat the inhabitants of a portion of the : Conner about TOO miles , sdi.th-wt . of Pekin had opposed the making of the line and torn down the poles. The Chinese Government sent troops into the district, and argued the question in that convincing fashion. Official opposition to the telegraph has practically ceased, and the.re are now iti089 miles of line throughout China, connecting the gieat cities with Pekin and" the coast. \- Wliat makes . . the opposition to the railway from Tientsin to Pekin more remark able is that there already is a small line from Peiang rid Taku to Tientsin, altogether about eighty-six miles. The grave difficulty must have been "overcome in this line, for all Nortii China resembles a great grave-yard, and it will be only a matter of time till the same , difficul ties are overcome, not only in getting to Pekin, but in all the great provinces of the empire. China will then, with railways, steamers, and the telegraph, have fairly taken- possession of the material benefits of western civilisation and grafted them on to her own form of civilisation. Will the result be so gloriously beneficial as we Europeans placidly assume ? The Chinese Go vernment will be stronger then to put down I rebellions than ever it has been, for it will be able to .send troops swiftly to any point of disturbance. It will be able to cope with famine better, and so keep more Chinamen alive. The task of colonisation will become easier in the sparsely- peopleu parte of the empire, and so tiie vast numbers of the present will be added to. If it is needed to move troops quickly to the seaboard to defend the country agaihst the invading fleets of Europe, that can then be, quickly done. In a word, railways will make China immensely powerful for defence, will thicken her already dense population, and make her much .more of a menace to other nations than she is how. Early on a Monday morning I left Tientsin for Pekin. The distance by" road is eighty- eight miles, and by the Pei-ho River and Tung- | chow 160 miles. There are three waye of travelling — 011 horseback, by which tiie distance can be covered in a couple of days, though some claim to have done it in one day'; by cart taking two days, and by water said to take two and a half . or three days. I like a ride occasionally, not too far, and hot -too bard. -I dismissed, "therefore,- all thoughts; of riding; and. a mere glance . at the springless carte .was sufficiently convincing to settle that question. I arranged -for the". Cuetoni; house boat, and duly started, having with f jne a Chinese hoy " as guide, interpreter, and cook. " Boy " is the generic term all over the East for a servant, and its ab surdity may be seen in the fact that my boy in India was nearly old enough "to be my father, and this boy now accompanying me to Pekin stood over 6iL, and was without exception the finest specimen of Chinese manhood I ever put my eyes upon. His virtues, however, ended with Ins physique, but I will not pour out my grievances, as I regard details about guides as very small beer to chronicle. Much as I had been impressed with the river boats and junks other parts of China, all I had seen before seeded trivial, as compared with the vast aggregation of junks at Tientsin. The junks from the sou&q; bringing the rice tribute, were up in large numbers, and the result was a most remarkable spectacle. For a distance, I should suppose, of between two and three miles the river was literally covered with junks, with only a narrow passage between. In the dis tance the -long, twisting line of masts gave a very singular effect. We poled and towed our way past the junks by slow degrees, and I admired the skill the" men showed in getting their tow-line away from all sorts of obstacles. The junks were lying sometimes six deep from the bank on the one side and twelve deep on thejother. Every kind- and- sample of junk, was to be seen ; square-stemmed, high- pooped, low-bellied, one must, five masts— queer- . shaped naval, monstrosities, 111 a word, of every sort and condition. About midday we got beyond the junks, and were in the open waters of the river. It was a notable experience, but J was destined to another almost equal! v notable. The wind had been getting up, but in the shelter of the junks we had not felt it. Now that we got out more into the open, we discovered a whole gale of wind was blowing. It grew stronger and (stronger until it broke our tow-lines, and no further progress could be made. Then I witnessed a North China dust storm, and it was a dust storm in very truth. The fiercest Melbourne brickfielder that ever blew is insignificant compared with the dense; clouds . of . matter which blew along those Tientsin plains,; accompanied by a" bitter piercing cold wind. -Our-boathouse lay to, and by bad luck right up against one of the worst .garbage heaps on the river. I am uofc much troubled about fevers and diseases, and so I closed my, windows, got a fire lighted, and made myself as comfortable as the circumstances would perinit, although the smells were some times of great strength. The gale lasted all that "afternoon and night, but in the early, morning. -of next -day we got away. I need not enter into details 'of the joufiiey ; suffice it to say that it took four davs to get to TungChow, so much were we bothered with head winds and getting aground owing to :the shallownes of tiie river. The country as a whole seemed fertile; but there were sandv -portions here -and there of very desert-like appearance. One of the standing jokes of the journey was to see the towline break and the coolies, who were pulling, it, go promptlv on their faces. The men on hoard always laughed ioyously at the spectacle ; but, as the rope broke fteguently, the laughs were turn and turn about. At last y as the evening of the fourth day was drawing -on, the - immense jrigSSa of the city of -T«ng Chow xoso in ri"hVand m uboufc 'a couple of hours we were moored to the bank among a _ large number of other house boats. It rem anything but delectable company, and I bad au .unquiet night owing to the noisc3 round about me. In tiie morning I engaged a... cart .and started foi Pekin, a distance of about eleven miles by l'Oad. . 