TO THE EDITOB. Sir,—Your correspondent 1 K. K.' has certainly given me along, though not by any means difficult task, to answer hiB objections to the position taken by me in my last letter. ' K. K.' can certainly only have studied the matter from one side, or he would never have penned the inconsistencies which appear above hiB initials. No. 1 inconsistency. He says we have rendered great (service to the Church by our central affirmation of the non-eternity of evil etc. And further on quotes Jude 7 as an example of the punishment of the wicked ; whereas it is the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah that are mentioned, and we know that the fires there have gone out ages ago. 'With regard to ' a materialistic theory concerning the nature of the soul,' let the following te*ts speak for themselves : Lev. xxiii. 30. in connection with .Jude 5, Josh. ix. 11, Ezek. xriii. 4, 20, Ps. xxxiii. 19. Isviii. 50, Job xxxi. 39, James v. 20, Rev. xvi. 3. Thus far I am a materii thtt I believe God deals with the material man tu... te made out of the dust of the around. We are material now, the promised inheritance is material, vide Rev. T. 10, xxi. 1—4, and 1(5 to end, and xxii. 1—5. Can anything be more purely material than thia ! What were the promises to Abraham 7 Land •, Gen. viii. 15, ' For all the land which thou seest, to thee will I give it, and to thy Beed for ever.' Others of the patriarchs had the same promises made to them, but Stephen (Acta vii. 5) says Abraham never owned a foot of the land ; and Paul, in Hebrews xi. lo, Bays that ' These all died in the faith, not having received the promises.' What are the teachings of David ? ' The meek shall inherit the earth.' And of the Saviour ? 'Blessed are the meek, for they shall inherit the earth.' Yes, Mr. Editor, 1 am a materialist thus far ; that I believe the promises of God will stand, though every fad and fancy of all mankind should sink into oblivion. Inconsistency No. 2. Reason and common sense supply us with powerful considerations for believing that death does not interrupt consciousness. Do they? We-see a;n animal die, likewise a man ; but Scripture tells us(Eccl. xi. 19, '40) that all have one breath, all go to one place, all are of the dust, and all turn to dust again. Reason and common sense, from the evidence of my eye3 and nose tell me this is true, and if I had nothing but them to depend on, I should be in a most hopeless position. But Jesus and His apostles tell me of a" resurrection, and I praise God and take heart. ' The dying sometimes see unearthly sights, and hear unearthly sounds.' So do men,in delirium tremens, and in various other kinds of diseases ; but does that prove anything beyond the fact that the brain is wrong ? And what more natural than .that a person who has been in the habit of reading story books—mark the woid story pleas^, Mr. Editor—about angels and spirits, phantoms and ghosts, good and bad, should, when the brain ie weakened by disease, fancy they see and hear these strange and unearthly sights and sounds ? ' Whilst the outward man,' &c.;, 2 Cor. iv : 16. True, whilst it is decaying ; but it does not say when it has decayed. K.K. would make the two periods of time one and the same. 1 Further without sanctification,' <fcc.' Heb. xii: 14. We believe this, but do not believe 'that a time of conscious activity is therefore required between death and judgement, during which imperfect Christians may be cleansed and purified from the last taint and defilement of sin.' and we say unhesitatingly, that there is not a shadow of evidence in the Bible to prove the theory of purification after death, or postmortem salvation. ' The body apart from the spirit (or breath) is dead,' James ii—26, moat true : that iR just what we teach. 'JFather into Thy hands,' &c.;, Luke xxiii : 46, (literally outbreathed), that is, died. Stephen, the first martyr amongst the disciples said, ' Lord Jesus receive my spirit,' Acts vii : 50. Says W. G. Moncrieff ' The original word used by both is ' Pueuma,' translated ' Spirit,' and both passages are given in Bobinson's Greek Lexicon of the New Testament as illustrations of the term when indicating ' the principle of life residing in the breath—thus Gen. ii : 7. The Lord God breathed into his nostrils the breath of life, and man became a Living soul,' or a living creature. The dying witnesses meaning is therefore not hard to understand. He called on his exalted Lord to receive back the life-giving principle, or to accept his life which he rendered up as a sacrifice on the altar of Christianity.' It is most unfair of K.K. trying to make Paul, the logical, contradict himself : and this he does by quoting 2 Cor. v : 1, Rnd Baying in effect that Paul's desire was to be found naked or unclothed. Such may be K.K's desire, (though I am of the opinion he would soon ring the doctor up to prevent it, if anything ailed him), but it was certainly not the Apostle's, for in verf. 2 3 4, he expressly states the opposite, ' longing to be cl'othed—we shall not be found naked—not for that we would be unclothed, but that we would be clothed upon, that what is mortal may be swallowed up of life,' or as he puts it in 1 Cor. xv. 53 ' this mortal must put on immortality.' Here he is speaking of resurrection, and he tells us, verse 51 that the great change will be accomplished in a moment, in the twinkling of an eye ; for the trumpet shall sound and the dead shall be .raised incorruptible, (not that immortal souls 6hall be brought from heaven and made to re-enter the bodies'), .•and we, (that is those who are alive at the time) shall be changed. Then shall come to pass the saying that is written, death, (which is everywhere in the Bible regarded as an enemy, and not the friend K.K. would have it) is swallowed up in victory or victoriously. In Bom. viii ; 23, Paul Hays, ' we groan for the redemptio of our body,' and in 1 Thes. iv, 15, 16, 17 he tells ° ' this will .eventuate not at death, but at the second, coming of the Lord. Please read the passage. If Paul's' desire was to be with Christ in a disembodied state why is he so anxious to ' attain unto the resurrection out from among the dead (Phil, iii.,2) and why, if he was to be with Chri6t before the resurrection, does he say that all hiB preaching.fcc,is vain if there is ho resurrection, 1st Cor. xv. 14. But, indeed, the doctrine of Tew&rds; at death, makes the doctrine of the resurrection utterly void and of none effect. ' Whether in the body or apart from (or out of)J the body, I know not, 1 2 Cor. xii. 2, 3. I rest on good authority when I pay that the Greek wdrd ' ektofe ' here •rendered' out of' is in 1. Cor. vi. 18 rendered without, but here it cannot mean in a disembodied state. So neither does it in II Cot xii. 2,-3, but it is us°.d in the -sense of being mentally carried away ; thus, ' I knew a man in Christ, whether mentally or bodily, I cannot tell carried away to the third heaven, &c.;' In Acts we find Phillip was carried away bodily by the Bpiritj and found at Azotus. John, when in the Isle of Patmos waB carried away in the spirit into the wilderness, Rev. xvii. 3. We are satisfied here I presume that like Ezekiel' in the visions of God,' he was transported mentally, and Baw the wonderful visions of things that were to come to pass hereafter. Somehow, by the owerof God, John beheld these things, and described them as clearly as though he had been Jjodily present, which, from the very fact that they are yet future, we know he could not have been. And just as vividly were the "things heard and seen by Paul in the third heavens (of which we Bhall treat later on) though he could not tell whether he was present mentally or bodily. 'Absent from the body,at home with the Lord,' 2 Cor. v. 8. Here again, Paul is used to bolster up a theory which is altogether out of harmony with his other teachings. We have already seen that he did not desire to ' be unclothed, but clothed upon, that mortality might be swallowed up of life.' Paul knew from the Old Testament. Eccl. ix. 5, 10, that ' the dead know not anything,' that there is no work, nor device, nor knowledge,nor wisdom in the grave ; consequently,, he knew that 1,000 or 10,000 years was no more to a dead man than one minute to a living one, and hence was justified in using the words, ' Ab9ent from the body,' &c.; There are no ' passages which directly warrant us in regRrdiDg dead men as being really alive and conscious in the invisible world ;of spirits,' and the parable of Dives and LazaraB, Luke xvi. 2. 3, was spoken to the Jews to show them that having had such advantages as no other nation ever had in the teachings of Moses and the Prophets,and having despised and rejected them, now they would not be persuaded, though one rose from the dead,(neither were they when He Himself so rose). Therefore the kingdom of God was taken from them, and given to a nation, bringing forth the fruits thereof. Matt. 21-43 Dives represented the Jews, Lazarus the Gentiles. Augustine and Gregory the great,according to Archbishop Trench, in his notes on the parables favor this interpretation. ' Judas went to his own place,' Acts 1—25. This is not a correct quotation, for both the A. and R. versions read,'that he might go to his own place.' That he might go is in the future, and we have no doubt he will be found in his right place when the time comes. 'Moses and Elijah were alive at the time of Christ's transfiguration centurieB after they had left the earth.' K.K, take Luke ix.30 in preference to Matt. xvti.13, because the.former omits the fact that Christ commanded His disciples, saying, ' Tell the vision to no man. This narrative presents to us^a grand picture of the future, when Christ and HiR church shall be glori fied together. Elias is there, type of the translated portion of the church ; Moses, type of the resurrected ones, and Christ the grand centre gem stands forth in the glory in which He will manifest Himself with the saints to the world, when He comes to take His position as earth's Ruler, 2 Peter 1—16. In all ages God has UBed this sort of mental photography to show His servants future events. But putting aside the ideax)f a vision, there is no need to resort to the immortal soul or disembodied spirit theory ; for Christ, we know, Was there bodily. Elijah never died, so there was nothing to prevent his being there also bodily, while in Jude 9 we read of a dispute between Michael the archangel and the devil about the body of Moses. Who shall say then that Moses was not resurrected at the time of the transfiguration t and for the express purpose of being there ? Hence the dispute. If this thought is new to K.K. we commend it for hi3 consideration as being far more in accord with Scripture, and so more probable than his theory. With your kind permission, Mr. Editor,we will answer the other portion of his letter next week. Yours. Sec., F. B. H. [We can only allow this correspondence to continue on condition that the writers observe much greater brevity.— ED.] 