General News, Another Fire in Melrourne.— A destructive fire occurred ; in. Little Collins- street, resulting in the partial destruction ofW. A. libelee and Co.'s furniture and bedding factory. The fire originated in tlie bedding factory situated on the top storey, a quantity of kapok being by some means ignited. Two of the- top storeys were "gutted before the flames could be subdued. The damage done is estimated at . several thousand pounds, all of which is covered by insurance. s — — o — — A Fireman. Fatally Burned. — A terrible - tragedy - was .'enacted at Malvern (Victoria), last Wednesday during the annual celebration of the local fire brigade. -While the firemen were marching m torchlight proces sion a. fireman named John Box was earryiug a quantity of colored fire in packets in his tunic, witli which lie j was feeding a pan which a comrade carried in front of him. Suddenly some of the .fire from the pans fell and ignit'ed one of tlie packages' Box wds carrying. Immediately the poor fellow was enveloped in flames, : but the fire burnt fiercely. aiid it'.' was soine' tiiiie before that portion of ; the tunic con taining the combustiles could be cut from liim. Box was dreadfully burned aud next morning succumbed to his injuries'. He was aged 29, unmarried and very well off. — o The Unemployed in Brisbane.- — A large and impromptu open air meeting of unemployed was held on. Thursday last. Subsequently a deputation waited on the secretary of the Australian La bor Federation, and requested liini to call a mass meeting of unemployed on Saturday afternoon. The deputation stated that 'it 'was estimated that there were about 500 unemployed ' ' 'iii . Bris bane at the present.. The object of holding a mass meeting was ' to urge orv the Government' the necessity of doing something towards relieving the existing distress. Mr. Hinchcliffe replied tliat he would cbnsult the other executive members of. the Federation on the matter. -o— — .Destructive Fire at Manlyv-A large fire occurred last Thursday night when four of the best shops in Manly were almost totally destroyed j by fire,- viz., Mr. T. W. Line's two ! drapery shops ; Mr. A. Albon's, boot maker, and' Mr. 11, Downes, chemist. These buildings were situated on the Corso, the ; main thoroughfare. The fire broke out in Line's premises about 9.15, just as Mr. Line and his assist ant were taking the goods from, the front of the "shop to store' inside' for j tlie night. The flames originated in | the millinery window, which was well , trimmed with a quantity of new spring j goods, and in a few miliutes' the Whole | millinery and fancy shop was in a j blaze; Mr. Line rushed inside, but ; could, nod even save the cash box, j which contained a quantity, of money, . | and at once turned his efforts to the : adjoining premises, the . drapery I division,, a portion -of the goods in j which he succeeded in saving. Tlie | local fire brigades were soon out, "but j could do nothing'for the want of water, . and so directing their attention towards saving the buildings on each side of Line's shop. At first their efforts were unrewarded, but Mr. Not ting tlie manager of the Manly Aquarium, threw open the tanks of the building, and an unbounded supply of water ,was soon available. The flames were then' gradually quenched, but not be fore Line's premises had been levelled to the ground, the other buildings adjoining being entirely gutted. Messrs. Albon and Downes are considerable losers. Line's stock is insured to the extent of about £2000 in .the Australian Mutual Office. Downes' shop forms part of a terrace, owned . by the Anglo-Australian Investment Company, and was insured to the ammount of £100 in tlie Australian Mutual. . Albon's is insured ' in the New Zealand Union. — — o Keep the Money in the Country. — A shocking bad piece of news for the Shadow Party has been telegraphed from Melbourne to the effect that in the previous nine months £1, GOO, 000, in gold coin had been sent out from Victoria. Now, this piece of news is a perfect blizzard to the party, because, ' in and out of season, they have 'been shrieking in the public ear the state ment that it was only under freetrade that gold was sent out of the colony. Had the fact not been officially stated ' by the Victorian authorities them selves, it would have been' placarded as. a freetrade invention. Now, how ever, the world knows it, including the working people, and so another ghost of the shadow party is laid low. ' What a sacrilege ! Over U millions of gold sent out of the country, and protection there high and stron. Why didn't the Victorians keep "the money -in the country, and then they would have had the mnnev ami goods, too. — Evening News. o- Mr. Grick at Newbridge. — Mr. Crick addressed a meeting of electors of West Macquarie on Thursday night at Newbridge. Speaking of tlie scene in Parliament and in explanation of his conduct, he said the freetrade press were trying to hound him " out of Parliament. They had a " down " on him, and when he talked of resigning The Daily Telegraph and other news papers went into eeatacies at the pro spect. Whether lie remained as their representative . for a long, or a short time he was not going to alter one iota, except that he would try to keep his temper a little better/ A vote of confidence was carried on the?, motion of Mr. Glasheen, seconded by Mr. Cummings, 