A Legend of the Canoblas. "POOE, * FIFING JIMMY."-: (See illustration on page 26.) " Never heerd tell of it ?" asked old Tom ; "why everybody knows about it round here. You sëe, ' Fifing Jimmy ' was a shepherd out Davy's Plains way. He amused himself when he was out on the run by playing a flute, or a fife, or something : and so he got to be called ' Fifing Jimmy.' Well, he disappeared sudden about thirty years ago, when Orange was only a bit of a village, and there weren't so many farms about the Canoblas as there is now. No one knew where he went to. The only thing known about it was that when the overseer was riding about one day he found the sheep scattered all over the ridges. He got another man from the station, and gathered the sheep as well as he could, and then went to the hut to look for Fifing Jimmy ; but they found nothing there. The hut was cleaned up tidy, and the bed made ; and the overseer he rides off to the station to say that Jimmy was disappeared mysterious, and hadn't been home for two or three nights. Well, they got out a party to searoh for him. But all they could do was no good. They reported as Jimmy had cleaned up his hut one morning, and gone. out with the sheep, and had never gone back; and what became of him no one could say., And so things went on for years and years ; and Fifing Jimmy was near forgotten. Well, one day some men was up in the ridges, getting out post and rails for the ' cockatoos ' as. was taking up ground all about ; and one night when they were in their tent they hears the sound of a flute far .away like up the gully. At first they thought some one was camping up there ; and they took no notice. But night ' after night they hears the flute, sometimes plain as if close by, and then faint and far away up the Canoblas. " Well, they goes up that way day after day to find out where the man was camped. But, though they cut down and split many a tree, and walked all round the place where the music sounded from, they couldn't find a sign of a camp. At last, one moonlight night they, made it up to go and see who it was playing. They walked up the ridge, and through the brushwood without making a sound ; and all at once the one in front stopped, and held up his hand. The other two crept up, and looked over the big fallen tree j and there they saw-" " What ?" asked Mick in a hushed voice. " Fifing Jimmy," replied Tom. . "Lor, you don't say so." ."^Yes; therese was, sitting on a;stump. He was dressed just as he used when alive ; and his dog was lying at his feet. He played as soft and^ ibeautiful as anything for a bit. ' And then he'd* írai'sé his head, and look up as if he was watching hisísheé¿M ¡ At'last one of the chaps singB out- . £"'Why, Jimmy!' ' " But he'd no sooner suoke than the whole thing disappeared/ " Lord save us," exclaimed Mick, cross ing himself. i , "Well," continued Tom; "the thing got spread about;' and for years people didn't oare about going up them gullies, or camping in the Canoblas at night." . " Bedad, I wouldn't do it meself ; so I wouldn't," exclaimed Mick. " Well, he hasn't been seen so much in the last few years ; and, what with* ' the .'shifting and changing, there may not bè many in Orange now that recol lects Fifing Jimmy. But the Canoblas is as wild as ever ; and ifs my opinion as he's there yet." . " The Virgin preserve us ! What makes ye think so ?" "Well, these things don't come for nothing ; and it was said years1 agone that Jimmy left the sheep because he'd found gold in the gullies. How he died isn't known. But, if he come back to watch over his treasure, he won't leave j it till it's, found, and something done to quiet him." " Bedad, if ifs true, and I found it, I'd spend half I got in masses for his sowl." "Maybehe didn't believe in masses," remarked Tom. Mick looked at Tom with a half frightened face; and, after a pause, said "True for you. If he was a Prodtest ant, masses would be no good to him." ,, Tom held his head down, and went on with , his mossing diligently to hide the smile which passed over his face. For a time the silence of the bush was only broken by the sound of the mor tising axes ; and then Mick rested and looked at Tom for a second or so before speaking. Then he said * " There's goold there, Tom, br maybe jewels or something." "I wouldn't doubt there being gold," replied Tom ; " and if you like, when we finish this job of fencing, we'll go and prospect a bit." ; ' " We will that. Give us yer fist on it ; and, if the ghost'll only lay us on, we'll try and find out what we can do to rest the sowl of poor Fifing Jimmy." NOTE FOB CONVEBSATIONISTS.-Just as many a man (or woman) gets a reputation for wisdom by holding his tongue, many another wins a name for good speaking by listening " intelligently and eloquently " to the garrulous. Dean Swift's " Advice to Talkers " is as full of point to-day aB ever : Conversation is but carving ; Give no more to ev*ry guest Than he's able to digent ; . Give him always of the prime, And but little at a time ; . ? Carve to all but just enough, Let them neither starvë nor stuff ; Andthenyoumayhave your due, Letyonr neighboçjinJîye for you, : . .ed. - "*V - . ;. ' "Tom - held his head"'"ldown\\---lanïd^went ? on with*J*his mortising 'diligently to hide, the smile." "r . : . ? ... - , . - . (See " A Legend of the Canoblas," on page 31.) , 