Righted at Last. CHAPTER XLVI. ':.: ;'''; v r ? Cf Continued. J .-??;?' ;. : The cleverest men are apt to judge' others in somo degree by reflection; of their own natures, and so go wide of the mark; Coutts tried to reach the good- will of Mr. Shield, through' his pocket ; and he went wide of his mark. [He was, however, at; present .happy in the idea that he had:;scored. a bull's eye. . . ...... ,,_.... ? ' That '. all: you see to do ?' queried Shield after a pause, during which ho watched Philip. ; : ? : . ? ; ' So far as the forgery is concerned, that is all.' , . ! Ah. ... I see more. Maybe wo can get back a little of the waste. No saying. AVorth trying. Anyhow, we can have a grin at the beggars who thought us bigger, fools than we look ed. That's what we've got to work for.' ' I don't quite see what advantage wo are to obtain iu that way.' ' Clear enough, though. AVe re cover a part of what is lost— -maybe the greater part. Don't give AVrentham or your brother a hint till you see me again. Go on. with your arrangements as if you had heard nothing.' 'Very well, since it is your wish. Meanwhile, I shall get another bed fitted up here, so that you can occupy it as soon as you are obliged to leave the hotel. AVe'll manage to keep On the chambers somehow.'' ' ' All right,' said Shield, nodding his head heavily. ' But you don't know what you are bringing on your self: I'm fond of that.' He pointed with his cigar to the brandy bottle. Philip gave his shoul ders an impatient jerk;- he had no need for this confession. - : 'I hope not too fond, sir; although it is easy to understand how a man leading such a: solitary life as yours has been may contract the habit of looking for comfort from that false friend. But if it be so, then it is better you should be with me than with strang ers.' ' Kind — very kind. I thank you. and now that I've given you all this bad news, here's a bit of good news. Found an old friend of mine — takes in terest in everything.. Says he'll make an offor for the works if on investi gation he finds anything practicable in your scheme. More ; if he finds that youiv f ailure . is not due to : negli gence, he'll make you an offer for your services as a manager of some sort.' ?''???' This was indeed good news, and Philip's eyes brightened with pleasure ; but his first thought was for others. ' Then wo sBhll not starve, uncle, thank heaven ; and if j'our friend has capital enough, I may see my project carried out under my own direction yet.' 1 Maybe. Don't be too jolly over it. Beechain's a crotchety cur, and may change the whole thing.' 'Beechain ! — Is he the friend you mean?' ' Yes. says he knows you, and rather likes jrou.' ' He is very kind,' aaid Philip coldly j ' but there is a possibility of our not agreeing if brought into frequent con tact.' ' No fear of that, no fear of that. — I'm off. Good-night.' But before going off, he help him self from the brandy bottle again ; then without the slightest indication of un steadiness, strode out of tho room and got into the hansom which was wait ing for him. CHAPTER . XLATI. TJNDEn CUEBENTS. Shield had not been so perfectly frank with Philip as the latter believed him to bo. For instance, he had not mentioned that when Coutts came to him with affected concern on amount of the position in which his brotker might be placed by the forged bill, he had not admitted to him that the signature was a forgery. AVhat he said to Coutts was : ' Looks queer— but don't know. Accustomed to sign things that come through regu lar channel without looking closo into them. AVill see what Hawkins and Jackson have to say about it and lot you know.' Then Coutts took f romlus pocket a note which had been written to his brother by Austin Shield and placed the two signatures side by side. ' I do not think that any one looking at theso would hesitate to say that they were not written by the same hand.' ' Don't know. My hand shakes at times. Don't always sign in exactly tho same way. Not always sure of my own signature — when it coines back to , me. AVill inquire and lot you know.' ' I am positive that tho writing is not yours, Mr. Shield : and I should never have touchod the paper if thoro had boen any signature of yours beside me at the time. Although tho amount may not be of much consequence to you, it will be a heavy loss to me. But I could have no suspicion of thore boing anything wrong when I saw Philip's name to tho bill.' 'All right. AVill inquire. — Good- day.' When Coutts loft the room, this big bearish man growled fiercely and tho growl ended in this note — ' Skunk.' He immediately telegraphed for his friend Mr. Beocham ; and that was why Boechnm. had so suddenly quitted Kingshope. On tho day on which Madge made her memorablo visit to London, Mr. Booc ham's conjuring friond, Bob Tuppit, called at AVrentham's cottage aud ask ed for Mrs. AVreutham. She could not be soon for half an hour ; but Tuppit was ready to wait an hour or more, if Mrs. AVrentham's convenience should require it. Ho was according shown into the dining-room— the place where Wrehthani spent the greater part of his evenings at homo, smoking and concocting schemes for tho realisation :. of that grand vision cf his life — a com fortable income and a house somewhere in the sunny south. ; ' ; Tuppit was a. quick- eyed little man, or he conld not have earned his living s * as a conjurer ; and when he had turn-' ed himself ; round, about twice, he -had ? tbie character and position of every bit : of furnitnre photographed on his mind's eye. He , looked longest at.a' heavy .... mahogany desk which was bound with , , unusually massive brass clasps. . r-, ' AVhat a duffor !' he said under his breath.' Ho has got something in there that will do for him; and he puts on those big clasps like labels, every one saying as; plain as plain can be : 'Look here, if you want to find out my little game.' Well, having gone in for this sore of thing, he niight have taken the trouble to learn the ABO of his business'. Tuppit's nimble fingers went around the desk and tried its fastenings; ' Spring lock, too. Somuclithe worse for him. Dier will pitch on it at once.' The door burst open, and little Ada AVrentham bounced in, her pretty cheeks healthfully flushed, the hoop in her hand indicating how she had been en gaged. ' O dear !' she exclaimed, :drawing back when she saw that there was a , stranger in the room. ' Don't go away— I'm a friend of yours,' said Tuppit quickly.— ' Don't you remember me ? I saw you watch ing mo when I was performing on the green in the summer time, and you were with your nurse, and you sent me a penny.' The child stopped, and stared, then advanced a few paces timidly till she came to a sunbeam which crossed the : room, dividing the room in two. Then she put out her pretty hands, moving them to and fro as if laving them in the . sunshine, whilst her eyes wore full of wonder. 'AVas it you that did all those funny things with the cards and the pivgeons and the pennies, and the orange and the glass, of water ?' 'That was me, Ada— you see I know your name— and if you like, I will show you some more funny things just now whilst I am waiting for your mamma.' ' I'll gO and bring mamma. She would like to see theni too.' ' No, no ; don't go for her. She will be here as soon as she is ready. Besides this is a trick I want to show you all to yourself. You are not afraid of the magician — are you V Little Ada peered at him through the sunbeam. He was such a little man ; and although his cheeks were some-' what hollow and his complexion rather sallow, there was an impression of frank gentleness in his eyes which at once in spired confidence. A child might trust him, and a child is quick to detect un trustworthy persons. i. 'I'm not afraid — why , should I?' said Ada laughing. ' Because you do not know me — at least you do not know me enough to be quite sure that I am not a wicked magi cian Who tried so hard to kill Aladdin because he got hold of the wonderful lamp.' ' But that was a long time ago,' she said with an air of thoughtfulness ; ' and papa says there are no magicians — no real magicians — and no ghosts now, aud that anybody who pretends to tell fortunes or to do magic things is. The child instinctively paused and turned her face away. ' Is an impostor, and ought to be taken up by a policeman,' said Tuppit, cheerfully completing the sentence for her ; 'and ho is quite right so far. All the same, Ada, there are great magi cians always close by us. There is the Good Magician, Love, who makes you fond of your father and mother and ready to do kindly things for other people. Then there are the wicked magicians, Anger and Envy, who make you hate everybody and. everybody hate you. But you know I dont intend, to be like them ; I only make- believe — that is, I perform tricks and tell you how they are done.' 'Is that all ; but you have to work a great deal beforpyou can do so much. — Now, hore is this big desk-rryouy papa opens it by magic ; but do you know how it is done ?' ' O yes; lie takes out a nail and .pushes something in — but that's tell ing. Could you do it ? I have seen papa do it often, and he did not mind rne ; but he does't like anybody else to see him, for he was angry one day when nurse Susan came in without knocking just as he was going tq open it.' Tuppit was already busy examining tho brass screws. He found one, the notch of which indicated that it was more frequently used than tho others. A pouknif o servod his purpose ; he took out the screw, thrust a thin pencil into the hole ; pressed it, and the desk opened. ' Oh, how clever !— That was just the way papa used to do it, only he had a brass thing for sticking into the hole,' said the child admiringly. 'I've tided to do it.' There was nothing in the desk ; and Tuppit, with a long-drawn breath of relief, closed it, replacing tno screw as bofore. But he had kept on chattering to the child all the time, and mutter ing parenthetically observations to him self. ' You must show yoivr papa that you know how it is done, Ada. . . . Noth ing in it may tell for or against him. . . . And he will think it so funny that wo should iind it out. . . . It's a sign that ho knows tho game is up and is making roady to bolt. . . . But you must toll him that it was only a little bit of Tuppit's conjuring, aud that ho was glad to find nothing.' (To he continued. J 