We beKi-\\*s tliia district was the first to snficr inconveniencp, if .nothing worse, through tho notion of John Macrossan, Mjnis'er fo.- Mines, in declining to grant minora Ihe usual power to Uke np nulling areas on land hold under pas toral le-isev. In Novemliar last,! liofote Parliament- wn8- proioguea tne jmatter was brought up, a- public meeting was heid here nnd the Govornment urged, to take immrdiftte-. steps to remedy the defect, if there were one, . in thoj Land Act of 1884, to which aH the trouble whs attributed. As our readers j know nothing was dono. The miners^ grie vance might serve as a vehicle for, hIiuso .of ; the late administration's Lrntl Act, it might supply nn excuse for obliterating all the good features of the Act and for intiodiicing tho bad features of the Aet. of 1876, and as such it was too valuable to bo removed in a moment. It ap pears to have been of small . import to the' Government, whether or not the development of ?? the mineral resources of tho colony wcro checked- or impeded so long as a p'retext for destroying tho Land- Act of 1884 was found and krpt at hand rready for use when .tho. next' session cure ' round ; 1 the miners could remain . quiet, could ibear their wrongs in stlenco.or not as itliey pleased, so long us - tho Government was not forced into playing a good card against ? the Land Aet before it : was ready so to do; Tho.mineis, however, have declined to ptuup wiih such neg Ucl'in absolute silence. -..The shoe soon pinched elsewhere as it' had dune in jthis district. The-. question - was discussed in the Press and as far as we. can gather the consensus of opinion condemns jthe action of the Government, as unneces sary and calculated to -prejudice ithe mining interests of- the colony. It will probably he borne in mind-that the main point at issue was '? whether ° Ithe difficulty could or couli not be roiuovid by regulations. The Government con ten-led the latter, and declared thatilhn amendment in the Land Act of. 1884 was necessary. When we consider the violent hatred and antagonism that has always been shown by the Mcllwraithian party to that Act, wo are forc.-d to sus pect a sinister motive behind this con tention, and we are lead to this the more by the fact; tliAt the most . prominent legal: counsel in Queensland refuses ;to support tho Government in 'the position it lias taken up. In another column wo publish a letter from the pen of Mr.. Horaco Tozer, ; a man wIiosb legal opinionP, especially on -all that concerns mining law, aro worthy of all respect. Hp, i as .well as Sir Samuel Griffith and others, holds tharithe Government has raised an unnecessary difficulty and that it ;is sacrificing jthe mining interests to its hatrid'of the Land Act. It is aa well that sach ladies he.kept in mind. It in us-less when the Laud ? Act has been botched out of all recognition:, for us to complain tliat.no endoavcr was made to prevent- its mutilation. jWe' are fully award that anything we m'ny sdy of ? the junior member -'fur. thia district- is ro ceivtd by him with somewhat bad grace, but- wo sincerely trust th-it '.when tho ;? tinkering'— to use 1-is own' term— af the L ind Act comes on, lie - .will adliere to his platform promises and as fiir ns p-ssihle minimiso tho evil that will be dortc. ' Unfditunaloly we cannot ' hrpo fir the same forbcnranco from our seniot ?number as lie will load the attack on tlfe much inalignod-Act of 1884. i ; { 1 - . . ? ===f Wr.; learn jtliat Mr. Ooorgo AVood -lia*, loaned flic I'uat 0 III no Hotel to a Mr. O'llrloaj olid that lie will now take tho Qaoou'o Ilolel,! lately occupied by tho luto Mr. I*. McO'uakcy. ; Tlie'oarninga of tlia- Muckny Railway for llu, week muling the SILli InaLnriC amounted to £(10 1«. 4d., or jt dooroiso ot £77 3».-. Id, com pared with tho ourroi|ioudiiig porloil lu«t year. ' -vl ,J. '1'licui! w.i, lid, liimlnoas hi tho I'ollco Court oii.Hatarilay hut. Vcbturilay, John Dunn, for 'tlrtiitbiutiri-ui«, was discharged. John HarrliigtoiT aiidj aincs Harold, oharfco.l with (Wilful dostruotlon 'of proporly, viiluod at 31)*,, of All Hiio, wore romandod for 24 hours. Mil I'stku Mi.'Lkan, Undui Soorotary fur Agriculture, arrived hero on Friday last to inspect tho Incipient mirsury at tho Lagoons, He fnuiid that; Ilia untliign for tho head guidmior was nearly completed, livo acres ef ground had l.eeii fenood 111, end was partially :ple|l|fliu-l, lie okpreeseil himself sitinllod ut llieUprngro«s iiwdi-, .' : In ninithor ciilmmi' we palillsh psrtluiiliirs of the hilc.it phase (if the coleieil lalier (|liniUnn, Javaiiese lining iinavallalile, Chinese lining ton Iihjentlniiahle, Kanahas 'being ton limited III miml-ois, Cingalese lining utterly useless, a new ilnpui'tiiru is made, and a trial shipment of- Jnpaiicau iahorors Is to ho tried, Aus. trallft for -the whtUi man U ov|deiUly to ho ? ' - ' * . ft the wsr cry at another election in spite of the , repeated assurances of the Mcliwraith ians that the colo cd labor ghost was liud at the general election of 1883. On Sunday afternoon the intense heat of I the past week, culminated in a terrific ilmn fer storm. Coming rabidly from - the South it broke over town with great violence and passed away over the rive-; The rain fe'l in torrents for abont twenty minntcs, while the thunder^ was probably the severest ever known loca'ly. Two horses tho property of W. D. Neddrie were knocked senseless by the lighten ing but not ki led and a telephone;, post near Neddrie's Jionse was struck. ?' Ox Sunday morning last two men .climbed up .the verandah :posts of the Oddfellows' Hall, and getting inside tho building, annexe!! the big dram of ithe local'SaJvation Army Inspired with religious fervor or whiskey they then marched - down town towards the Chinese quarters,) where they : urged - the almond-eyed ones, to be Washed — in the fountain. They wanted-to take np a collec tion, Lint' tho thrifty Chows believed in economy, and did, not part. This indifference towards ths wants of the two embryo Salva tionists led to the . employment of a little mnscolar Christianity, which- was finally squelched by the arm of the law. -The last scene' in this discreditable drama will probably take place in the new gaol, under the super vision of Senior-Constable Schneider. . .;TuE;wet season appears to have - come up on us at Ust.;' FoEo'tving the thunder storm on Sunday, rain comipenced to fall about mid night and has been falling ever since. Up lo 9 o'cl ck yes'erday morning 5*54 inches of rain tell, while since that 'hour- the fall has Ixien continuons. About 11 o'clock yesterday debri* started to come down the river. The creeks-in the district were all full by midday, whi'e at Eton the bridge was. covered with water. - Up at Hamilton : ths fall ' yesterday morning was not very heavy, 'but, from the Marian- Mill -to the: Alexandra, the country was one sheet of water. 1 he j railway line at Newbury was- under water, and probably is still, 'and the train yesterday.morolng was 40 minutes late in conscquonce. 