I went on boa4 *1cc catenmer Airielsesig at i1. o'clockat night, as sie.: weae siupjbsed :to: leavd 'Slanghai for Tientsin 'yjiearly ithe- folld?'in" morring. It was a night bf eweetir?eflectron: The rattle and clattereof a steam 'winch loading cargo, the thudls of the .cargo itself as it was dropped on the deck, and the jiculiar cries. of thecoolies-for without sore curious. sing-song no Asiatic seethe'to be able 'to work--made very Bedlam of sleep- murdering noises.e In the morning we steanied down the Woostiag Rive?', enitered the broad estuary ' of th6 "Yang'tse -Kiang, and were sooni in-the bluereoed north" wards bound. There are some'parts " of this coast still so avage br anti-fdreign that itivould be death to 'ship-wrecked marineis to be -cist upon them. 'Tie followirig': day-we, arrived aht Chefoo, the favourite -waterirg-place' inu Chinia for Europeans. It is the most charming coast town of any I saw, with some-oold precipices on the other side of the bay, and numbers of very striking islands standing off some distance from the: .mainland. In -the afternoon we - rounded ' a precipitous cape; , and were in .. the. Gulf : of.: :Pe-chi-li or Pee-chee-lee. Up to this time we had had'afair weather paseage, -but during the evenins a change took place, and between.D and 11 o'clock we had-what I may term a storm squall. The wind suddenly rose into a gale, the water came tumbling over the forepart of t'e steamer until at length I thought we were about to experi ence a typhoon. About 11 o'clock.the tumult ceased as suddenly as it had :beguni and in' a short -time we were in comparatively smooth water again. The early morning saw us off the Takuebar... ...... ... iThen I had. a' new experience. In all my steamer-travelling up to that time-I had been accustomed to getinto- some harbour, or run alongside some pier, to discharge either pas sengers or cargo, but on this occasion the steamer dropped anchor, and proceeded to us loadabouthalf her cargo into barges, rolling and tumbling about meanwhile, in order to so lighten herself as to be able to get over the bar. In about eight hours we were ready, and the Wuchang went ahead. In a minute or two there came the curious grating sound which proclaimed we were on the sand, and the vessel seemed to shiver as she ploughed through it. Sometimes we almost stopped, and . then was great excitement on board, for that might mean our lying on the bar for twenty-four hours; but he mighty power of steam was not to be denied, and slowlybut surely we pushed our way ahead until it almost appeared as if with a leap our steamer surmounted the last ridge ofsand,andwe wereinthefree water of thePei-ho River. The greater part of the gulf of Pe-chi-li is extremely shallow towards the shore, and slopes so gently that as the captain stated it, " You might put on a full head of steam, let every man go to sleep,and the vessel would run on shore so gradually that none of them would be awakened by it." Perhaps there's a little trifle of imagination in that statement, but the real meaning of it is thatrunning ashore would mean no danger, except id a storm. Once on the Psi-ho a few minutes broUght us opposite the famous Talku Forts. These are said to be im mensely strong now, but the impression left on my mind was that they are still very Chinese. Nevertheless, I take it the days of French and British fleets sailing up the Peiho to land troops for the attackof Pekin are past and gone. The bar at the entrance will stop the ironclads, and modern mines and torpedoes will effectually prevent another naval promenade to Tientsin. At first the Pei-ho is broad and tolerably straight, but it would be impossible to convey to the mind of the reader the character of the stream as we progressed onwards. To say it was twisted or tortuous is to use language conveying no adequate idea of the extraordinary contortions of the extraordinary Pei-ho. What those indiarubber gentlemen who tie themselves into all sorts of amazing knots are among performers is this sinuous, smakv stream among rivers. There are also manifold sandbanks ana spits to be avoided, and sudden currents to be wrestled with, so that nearly every time a steamer goes up or down she either slices off a bit of one of the villages which crowd on the banks, and has to pay damages, or runs on a sandbank and lies there, occasionally acouple of days at a time, lashing and churning with her screw until she wriegles off somehow. Now and then a junk is cutdown and has to be paid for, so that it can easily be understood with what feelings the average , captain regards ths.P.ei-?.:.The troubles of the soft- spoken navigators,however, came to an end, and at last we reached Tient sin- one of the dreariest places, I should 'imagine, in the Chinese empire. Flat, unin teresting-the European part tame and common place, the Chinese part unusually dirty and squalid-it is one of the last places in China I would desire to live in. Yet-sowonderfully is this world full of compensations-they told me Tientsin is one of the liveliest places in the north of China for "society,. especially during the winter months. I hope it is so, and that"the good people there are not deluding themselves or their visitors. They deserve many joys to make up for their most unpictur esque and dreary town. About a fortmght before I arrived there had been great excitement among the Chinese on account of some ridiculous story being circu lated about the French missionaries having kid napped a child, and it was feared .for a time that there was a possibility of a renewal of the rioting which took place a few years ago when the Catholic Cathedral was destroyed and a number of priests and nuns murdered-an episode still known as the Tientsin massacre. There was a very uncomfortable feeling existing in the minds of the Europeans, and it is astonishing how quickly the contagion of this semi-panic can spread. All fears proved to be groundless, but they were entirely natural. The ruins of the Catholic cathedral stand at the endof the town-a grim memorial of the past and a frowning reminder for the future. The people who have lived in these parts for years get to be both careless and callous about these alarms, and in a sense to lose their sense of due proportion asto danger. Thenewarrival,on the other hand, may think far too much of rumours and excitements, until, after a while, he also gets case-hardened. Itis well that it is so, for otherwise life would be intolerable. Tientsin is proud, or should be, in the pos session of one of the ablest edited journals -in China, the CIirnes 2limea. It is a small paper, but of great literary merit, and performs the veryuseful function, among other things, of translating the contents of. the Pekin official journal in which are published the ordinances and State papers of the Government. I read with the greatest .interest the memorial of Li-Hung-Chang, in which he set forth the reasons whythe railway from Taku to Pekin ought tobe constructed. Many were given, but the chief one was the necessity of a railway in case of war. Six months lateron, Imetayoung English engineer going out to take part m the construction of the line, and the works were actually commenced. Since then I saw the works had been stopped, and I have not seen yet whether they were recommenced. But it matters little whether they have been stopped because of the triumph of the anti-foreign party, or from want of funds, or in deference to willingly, walk on, in the ways of modern progress. It is curious to' reflect upon, but the chief obetncle to railways in China at present- is 'thke feelingof profoundreverence forthe ancestral graves. It helps me a little to understand the Chinaman's frame of mindonthissubject when I remember my own horror some years ago. at seeing one of the English railways running right through a churachyard. It ap peared to me a frightful desecraton, and with me it was a mere sentiment. How much' stronger must it be to the Chinese mind when it is not oulj a matterof sentiment but a matter of religion. The average Chinaman regards the desecration of the graves of the dead as something horrible in itself, and (which may be even a stronger feeling) as certam to let loose the ghosts of the disturbed dead, who will wreak. vengeance upon hdm. But I fancy modern ideas have made great way among the .cn lightened men at Pekin. Many of them. have travelled in Europe, and have tastedthe joys of rst-class carriages, so that it will be sur prising if they canrot find - some ingceeous theory, to explain away ,the ghost difficulty. Evea such artless, high-minded, and Clhictian peaI as we are haove occasionally to 'hold 'a ole tc Iris Satanic' majesty5 and it will-be wonderful indeed if the wily and heathen Chinee does not better our example when necessity compels. The introduction of, the telegraph was resisted at first on account of its supposed interference with tSae Fung-shui that singular superstition to which I referred in a previous paper--and when I was in Pekin news came that the inhabitants of a portion of the country about. 700.- miles southr-west of Pekin had opposed the making of the.line and torn down trhe poles. The Chmese Government sent troops into the district, and argued the question mn that conrvincing fashion. Official opposition to the telegraph.has praecticallj' ceased, and there are .now. 3,089 miles of line throughout 'Chinio,. connecting the great clities " wth Pekin and the coast. 'What makes 'the 'oposition" to the railway from Tientsin to Pekin more remark able is that theie already 'is a] snrall line from Petang rid Taku to Tientsin, altogether about eghtv-six- filese 'The' gtiniv diffidulty must havehen overcome in this line, for allh North Shina resembles a great grave-yardand-itwill be only a ?matter of: time till fthb.s eamodifleul-: ties aoreovercome not onlyingettRin .to!Pekinjf btit';iriallthe', groat'provinces of.-tlo eripiie: Chinaiwill then,' with'railways, steamersi' and, the teleigrsplrs hare fairly taken, possession if, theb materal:benefits of 'westdrne ivilisatidn and mrfted them ori to her rown form bf.civilihation. Will'the resulthoaso gloriously beneficial as we Einragians placidly assume .. The Chinese Go-. vedrnmient will be stronger then.to: put !down rebdllions thn: over: it: has ibeen, :for-it will, be Able to send troops swiftly to any point: of Idiaturbatice.;: It widl hbee: able to cope;:with famine better, nnd so keep. more. Chinamen alive,: The' task of colonisation will,:becomo .eisier in the sparsely-peopled, parts of: the; empire, anid so the vast numbers of ,the present. twill be addedto. If itis needed to move trdios. quidkly toethe seaboard to defend the coulitr; against the invading fleets of- Edarqpe that cisi then be quickly sdone. In a word, rilwavs will make China uinensely tpowverfnl fori.ddfence. aill thicken her already densecpopulation, ?rid mnike her much minore of a menace to other. nations tan slie is now. Early on a Monday morning .I left Tientsin for Pekin. The distance'. by road is eighty-. eight miles,. aid by the Pei-ho River and Tung-. chow 10 0 miles. :There -are .three. ways: of -travelling -on :hrs hoeback, by which the distance can be covered in. a couple--of datys, thoughi some cltim tohave done it in one day ; by cart taking'two days,- and by water said to take two anmid a half or .three days. I like a-ride occasionally, not too far, and not too bard. I dismissed, therefore, all thoughts of riding, and -a more glance at the springless carts ws sufiiciently convincing to settle that question.. I arranged, for thq. Custom.house bdat, and duly started, having with me .a Chinese "boy ". as guide, interpreter, and cook.. "Boy ' is the" generij'-term all over the- East - for; a - servant,,? and .its., ab surdity - may be-. seen, in the fact that my -boy in India . was. nearly . old enough to hbe my father, and this boy now accompanying me to Pekin stood over Gft., and was without exception the finest specimen of Chinese manhood I ever put my eyes upon. His virtues, however, ended with his physique, buit I will not pour out my grievances, as I regard details about guides as very small beer to chronicle. MIuch as I had been impressed with the river boats and junks of other parts of China, all I had seen before seemed trivial, as compared with the vast aggregation of junks at Tientsin. The junks from the south, bringing the rice tribute, were up in large numbers, ana the result was a most remarkable spectacle. For a distance, I should suppose, of between two and three miles the river was literally covered. with- junks, with only a narrow passage between. In the dis tance the long, twisting line . of masts gave a very singular effect. We poled and towed our way past the junks by slow degrees, and I admired the skill the men showed in getting their tow-line away from all sorts of obstacles. The junks were lying sometimes six deep from the bank on the one side and twelve deep on the other. Every kind and sample .of junk was to be seen; square-stemmed; high pooped, low-bellied, one mast, fivemasts--queer shaped naval monstrosities, insa word, of every sort and condition. About midday we got beyond the junks, and were in the open waters of the river. It was a notable experience, but I was destined to another almost equally notable. The wind had been getting up, but in the shelter of the junks we had not felt it. Now that we got out more into the open, we discovered a whole gale of wind was blowing. It grew stronger and stronger until it broke our tow-lines, and no further progress could be made. Then I witnessed a North China dust storm, and it was a dust storm in very truth. The fiercest Melbourne brickfielder that ever blew is insignificant compared with the dense clouds of matter which blew along those Tientsin plains, accompanied by a bitter, piercing cold wind. Our boathouse lay to, and by bad luck right up against one of the worst garbage heaps on the river. I am not much troubled about fevers and diseases, and so I closed my windows, got afirelighted, and made myself as comfortable as the circumstances would permit, although the. smells were some times of great strength. The gale .lasted all that afternoon and night, but in the- early morning of next day we got away. I need not enter into details of- the journey; suffice itto say that it took four days to get to Tung Chow, so muchwerewebothered with head winds and getting aground owing to the shallowness of the river. The country'as a whole seemed fertile; but there were sandy prtisoni? shi and there of .very desert-like appearance.. One of-thb tssndingvskei of -the journey was to see the towline break and the coolies, who were pulling it, go promptly on their faces. The men on board always laughed joyously at the spectacle; but, as the rope broke frequently, the -laughs were turn and turn. about. At last, as the evening of the fourth day was drawing on, the immense pagoda of the city of Tung Chow rose in sight, and in about a couple of hours we were moored to the bank among a. large number of other house boats. It was .anything but delectable company, and I had an unquiet night owing to the noises round about me. In the morning I engaged a cart and started for Pekin, a distance of about eleven miles by road. 