%hz %x#bt\\\tx. OUR NORTHERN DEPENDENCY.— No. I. [By our Special Reporter ] In a series of articles entitled 'To See the White Elephant,' the writer gave bis Impressions of his experiences in the Northern Territory, and kindly corre spondents have led Urn to believe that hie efforts to depict for the benefit of the readers of The Advtrtiser what he saw and what he did were not altogether; unsuccessful. He had got as far In his adventures as the Union, and was able to speak of soma ac quaintances made there such, as the lady AMuiuany Jiuvwa as nits xsaiigauur, uub who instead of devouring ua, set be fore us most excellent meals for our delectation. Well, with this chapter in oar history the narrative came to a full stop. It may have been thought by some that after successfully resisting the much-talked-of fever and ague of the northern land the writer had only come back to Adelaide to give up the ghost. There may indeed have been many people (excluding of course creditors and all euch unpleasant personages) who hoped that this might prove to be the case, and they are to be sympathised with fn the rude awakening from a sense of happy security which the publication of of this article may occasion. Bat this is not bo. Fever and ague have had no part fn the non-appearance of the paperB regarding the 'White Elephant/' Pressure of work ha other directions has led to the abandonment of a duty which has also been a pleasure .; but now the opportunity presents itself once more of discussing some of the events which befel the Ministerial party in that little known possession of South Australia, most ua euphemistically known as the Northern Territory. There waa much that hap pened that Is worth the telling ; there ia much to describe that is worthy of better \- treatment. If some there be who are not. tired already of hearing of the ' White Elephant,' it may be that their paina in reading what is to follow may not be alto gether unrewarded. We did not stay the night at the Union. That was no part of our plan. If It had been we Bhould have been dis appointed. There was no sleeping ac commodation for us, and we had not yet prepared ourselves for the luxury of camping out. So after having partaken of a Bound midday meal, washed down with libations of lager beer brought up for the purpose of asaauging the thirst of the journeyers, we once more bestroie our horses and Btarted out under the hot noonday sun for Pine Creek. It was only a ride of some nine miles, and we were fresh and ready for the work before us. Mr. Macpherson, the manager of the battery, and the 'Alligator,' waved us a kindly adieu, the Chinese residents stood In little groups chattering among themselves and giving occasional, smilea, no doubt excited by our somewhat non descript appearance, and a small knot of lubras, who had been engaged for the day to waah-up and perform sundry other menial offices, ahowed their white teeth as we generously showered our loose coppers amongst them. What shall besaft q£ the journey to Pine Creek ? It was In reality little different to the trips that had preceded It. There was little to be seen to cause undue curiosity; it required the eye of a bnahman like Inepector Foelsche to detect any* thing that might be deemed extraordinary in the scanty foliage of the trees or the dense undergrowth. By the way, the genial Inspector, who Is ^^srtdaAl^aji he is genial, has received aKbtiifslinJne : , botanical world. He mada»^ii!6»ery o| ' some new spedeB of tree-^-iBMnof'y|Ii| bullocks could not drag .the name from me— and his own name was promptly at tached to this sample of Northern Terrl* tory flora. He is not at all puffed up by the compliment; in point of tact he will ride most indifferently past a Foelsdii whatever-the-rest-of-ite-name-is, and no oo e would for a moment gatherfrorn hisde meaner that he was In the vicinity of such a lasting testimony to his fame. So It is always. The great regard such tokens as trifles. The writer of these lines, and probably some Of his readers, would un doubtedly go into ecstasies even if Borne new variety ' of stinkwort were dignified by the addition of his name. These honors and titles seem alwayB to be con ferred on the wrong individuals. Just fancy PinuB Private Secreiarii! It in enough to make one's mouth water ! There was one thing pointed out to the South Australians as they rode along to Pine Creek, and in itself ib was quite sufficient evidence of the danger of travel ling in the Northern Territory during the rainy season. It was only a mile or bo from the Union that we were|ihreading our way through the narrow pathway, in eome places almost hidden by the long dry grass, when we had to cross a ford down which the waters rush tempestuously at certain periods. The road was only about 2 feet hi width, and just to the left was what might almost be described aa a yawning chasm. At all events there waa a sheer depth of some 7 or 8 feet. It was all right as we passed over. We could see where we were going. Bat only imagine going across that narrow ford when your horse has to wade through 3 or 4 feet of water. Under such circumstances you have to trust to the Instincts of the animal you are be striding. Woe betide you if the said ani mal makes a false step. Because down you go and you will probably have atUfE culty in getting up again. Especially IE you are as good a horseman as the writer. The chances are that ii there had been but one foot of water over that dreadfully small suspension bridge this veracious chronicle would never have seen the light. Thle might or might not have been of ad vantage, but so delicate a question as this needs to be discussed by others. \- Pine Creek is situated two miles from Olaf Jansen's battery. The site of the railway terminus on our arrival did not present a very pretentious appearance. The township, which is hereafter to be known as Play ford, consisted _ of , two houses, in one of which we found the police trooper. Poor fellow, he was only just recovering from an attack of fever, and was in the shivering Btage, hot he did the honors of the place in a Mftiiiij^iiji satisfactory manner. It was ntf £eMriiig dark, and we were all anxfouswfiQA. j» to Mr. Jansen's hospitable tW&zWmB.; Mr. Jansen does a thing he does it well, and as it is not every day that he has a Minister of the Crown as a guest, we knew that we were in for first-class treatment, which would stand out rather in contrast to that to which we had been accustomed since leaving Port Darwin. Just as Mr. Jansen's house came into view we were shown the creek in which the special cor ?respondent who accompanied a previous Ministerial party very nearly loBt his life. Then that creek waB a torrent ; it was a very ordinary kind of stream when we caw It. Mr. Jansen came out to meet us, and gave us a warm welcome. We who had not seen him before gazed at him with more than usual Interest, tor though hi appearance he is as little romantic as one could possibly imagine, there has been a good deal of romance in his career. What companies with fairly large capital were unable to accomplish he haB been able to do. He has single-handed surmounted, difficulties which have demolished associations of men. He has converted failure by good honest work Into success, and knowing his history it Is satisfactory to learn that - he has now Btarted on a well-deserved visit to the old country. It ia stated that the claims held by Mr. Jansen are to be floated into a company on the English market, and certainly it has been proved to demonstration that the investment should be a very sound one. But to re run to Mr. Jansen. His face fairly tetrcec! a* be waited for the tired travel lers to dismount after their somewhat fatiguing day's ride. Every prepara tion had been made Cor our re ception, and we were only too glad to wash away the stains of travel acd aeat ourselves round Mr. Jansen's hospitable board. The settle ment— for finch It may almost be called, taking Into account Mr. Jansen'a own enng little residence, the numerous ont houees, and the battery- house — on the occasion of onr vMt contained one lady, who was acting as housekeeper to Mr. Jansen. No one but a traveller in the Northern Territory wilds knows how wel come is the sight of a female form, and I can only put on record my testimony of the Invariable kindness extended to U3 by this lady daring our all too brief stay in Pine Creek. The luxuries of that first meal — Indeed of every meal — can better be Imagined than described. We could hardly hare had more excellent treatment In the beet hotel in the southern colonies. ' And the cold lager beer with which the viands were washed down ! It was like nectar from the gods. Mr. Jansen muat have thought that we were a rare lot of thirsty souls for he had ordered np a special quantity of lager for onr atten tion. It was not a very long whI5e before we turned Into bed, though we did sit for a while in Mr. Jansen's wide verandah talking over things in general. Then we retired to rest, and did not awake until the ' nsasicof the stampers' was heard. The term 'music of the stampers' I believe owes its origin to Mr. Johnson. For my own part I like the music at a distance. The greater the distance tha more I prefer it. And I don't care altogether about being awakened from my Bleep in the early hours of the morning. Still In the Northern Territory one does not care to lie In bed very late, and I believe that I saw more snnrises while I was hi the land of the White Elephant than I had previously seen in the whole course of my life. Once up and dressed — thank heaven the latter operation up there is one which does not take very long — we all went to Inspect the battery, which is of 20 head, while everything In the battery-house haB been so polished and brightened up that it was like a new pin. Mr. Jansen has in his engineer an active and intelligent man, who, like Jem Bludso in May's im mortal ballad, has but one ambition, and that ' to tend his engine well.' And he does it too. There are a few other Euro peans employed about the place, but the majority of the workmen are Chinese, who at the period of our visit demanded and received £2 a week for their servicas. No wonder the Northern Territory has In the paBt been a Paradise for the China man ! And the arrogance of the heathen. One Chinese, with all the calmness born of knowledge, gravely asked the house keeper one day how much she thought '** the master' would take for his mines. This was naturally a floorer for the lady, but, while aghast at his impudence, ehe managed to gasp out the simple in terrogative, 'Why?' This did not disconcert the yellow-skinned individual in the slightest degree. On the contrary, he merely placed his head cunningly on one side, put his arms akimbo like the veriest old washerwoman, and — but not having been there I cannot swear to it — gave a positive wink,'' because,' he said, ?'my «Hiy It.' If the first question had been a staggerer this was a knockme down which would have called forth a salvo of applause if it had occurred in the prize ring. ' You,'' interjected the lady. '.Why, where would you get the money from ?' ' Oh !' rejoined the Celestial, with the same air of cunning depicted on Ids countenance, ' My get plenty money In my countly. Plenty lich men there send out money to buy mine here.' There is no doubt this would be the frozen truth if we only permitted it. The money would be followed by the invasion of an army of Chinese, the mines, valuable as they are, would soon be in the hands of the ubiquitous Chinaman, and the Northern Territory, so far as Its white population Is concerned, would be abso lutely deserted. But there la a time of retribution coming for the Chinese at Pine Creek. His term of £2 a week was we were assured drawing to a close. The railway was being rapidly built. The snort of the ironhorse could be heard In imagination, and that meant the congregation of some thousands cf Chinese In the neighborhood of one of the best mines In the Territory ; competi tion will bring down prices, and John — there being so many of John— will be glad to accept a much lower weekly remunera tion than £2. When the railway la finished there will be bad times for the Chinaman from a present wages aspect, although BtQl glorious times from a flowery land point of view. Meantime I am sorry to think that the battery is shut down, but In a very short space of time It will, I am hopeful, be as hard at work again aa ever. Bat we could not stand looking at the battery and hearing fanny stories about the Chinese. The pleasant tinkling of tiie breakfast bell was heard, or was it one of those— I was almost going to say— In- fernal gongB which one hears all through tiae tropics ? We hurried away to get through thafc Important meal of the day. For we had next to Inspect the mlneB — the Eleanora and Telegraph claims, which are famous In the history of old Northern Territory mining. To visit the mines meant a walk, none too plea sant, as the path to be traversed was rough and stony and grassy — oh, those prickles !— and were was at least half a mile of it. It seemed more like 10 miles when we were doing It ; and then there was the climbing of the hill 180 feet above battery level, and a host of other plea BureB of a like description. But it had to be done. We had come to see the mines, not to enjoy Mr. Jansen a hospi tality. So now to breakfast. 