« h»> I IP 1 .<5oot> stories. ? The Mysterious Letter, A WEMJ AUTHENTICATED (JHOST STORY, . A party of travellers on an Intercolonial steamship wore telling ghost stories. The Rev, Mr. Cryder of the Church of England waa of the party. He listened, but did not talk. When all the others had exerted all their ability in the production of goose plmplea, a facetious youth urged Mr. Cryder, who was a man of much dignity, to toll his experience. No ono thought he would com ply. But he did. " Ten years ago," he said, " I was a poor ourate in a small Berkshire village, where through the influence of some friends, I received an invitation to preach a trial ser mon at ono of the London churches. No time was to be lost, for I had to provide a substitute, arrange ray Ideas, pack my things, and evorthlng being at last in proper shape, I hastened to tho railroad station to take the lightning express for London. "So absorbed was I in my thoughts, for a call to London is an event in a young curate's life, I may say the event, .that I paid no at te.ntion to the surroundings, but suddenly I noticed a person walking before me on the plank road whom I had not seen before. He was a stout, square-built man, with red whiskers and a bald head, who seemed to -suffer intensely from the heat, for he carried bis hat in his hand and pulled out a large bluo handkerchief, no doubt to wipe the perspiration from his brow, for it was a very sultry August day, ' In taking out bis handkerchief he dropped a letter. I picked it up togivo it to him, when sud denly 1 saw that the address was in mymotber's hand.writing-my sainted mother's, who had been dead for more than five years. 411 stopped in surprise, I rubbed my eyeBj but there it wa8, my dear mother's well known writing, and the letter waB ad dressed : " . To the EBV. BENJAMIN CRYDER, "' Stonebrldge, " County of Berkshire. England, "That waa 1/ " There was no postmark on it, and I aid not know whether to open it or ask the red whiskered man for an explanation, when I beard the shrill whistle of a locomotive and saw the train roll into the station. I ran as fast as ray logs would carry me-ran, as it were, for dear life ; for when I reaobed the station tho train waa gone, and so was the letter, I thought I must have dropped it. I hastened to the very spot-where I had found it, but in vain, and after an hour's needless search, could do nothing but telegraph to London and resign myself to my fate, for it was the last train on Saturday night, and I thought I had lost ray only chance in life. " 1 Thy will be dono,' I prayed that night, 1 and if I am to remain a poor curate, let mo thank Thee for Thy great mercy to have kept me away from the wickedness of the great city and its manifold temptations.' " When next day I went to church, bright with cheerfulness, my parishioners stared as if they' had seen a ghost, and the sexton rushed forward, grasping mo by both hands, " . You alone saved, Mr. Cryder?' i " . Saved from what ?' .'1 From tho railroad wreck.' "' I don't know of any railroad wrcok, Has there been an accidents ?" "' Why, tho train on which you meant to go to London has been thrown down an em bankment,, and nearly ovory passenger killed!' v The gboat story tellers were speechless, and oven the facetious youth did not dare to doubt t.he revorend narrator's truthfulness, " Did you over obtain a clue to that rays; terious letter/ ' Mr. Cryder was asked. " Never. I regard it as an interference of my departed mother by special permission of Providonce." ', " And how did it end V} . . , " I preaohed in London on the ri6xt Sun day and was installed as rector of St, -- Church a few weeks afterward, . 