OUR LONDON LETTER. FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT LONDON, 4th October. The usual rumors of war have been circulating this week, but though there is doubtless some thing at the back of them, it is, to soy tho least, rather suspicious that they should bubble up iust at tho moment when tho actual surface of affairs is as unrufflod as a mill pond, llicro is a remarkable coincidenco between bellicoso au"urie.s of this nature and the occurrence of the dull season with tho nowspopors. Corres pondents in tlio groat capitals aro at their wit's end for ourront news, and rather than admit the dearth and wire nothing, they prefer to scan tho diplomatic horizon, and pronounoo with .tho air of demigods on matters big with tho fate of peoples and ompiros. Tho mnrvel is how plain to those self sufficient gentry appear movements which, to the real makers of history, — - involved ill constant doubt and difficulty. The way in which matters of comparatively ancient history aro worked up to brighten a lull telegraphic budget at the present dull timo is well illustrated by the pains which tho jian-lard correspondent at Vienna is just now taking to "boom" the question of Turkey's n-ivances to the Triple Alliahco. No doubt tho Sultan would like to rest safe under tho shadow of the potent protection of tho central powers, backed up by solf- suliieiont, but' avithal virile, little Italy. The Moslem advances are not, however, of such recent date, nor of such pressing momont as this onterprising journalist would havo his readers believe. All the same, a good deal ot what lie states is true enough, and indeed smacks of dip lomatic platitude. No doubt there are diffi culties, obvious ones enough, in the way of ad- mitting Turkey to close alliance with any Christian combination, and no doubt to no one aro tlieso obstacles clearer than to the bluff and far seeing Bismarck. To Tuikoy falls, and it is to be feared over must fall, tho tcrriblo heritage of tho weak, to be alternately petted and scolded, taken up and discarded, just as tho whim of tho moment or the intorest of hor poworful patrons dictates. Equality in friendship is not for her, and with Germany, as with England, it is hopeless for her to aspire to any higher relation thau that of an altornato butt and catspaw. As matters stood and stand with Russia it did not suit tho purposo of Prince Bismarck to spurn the ad vances of tho Sultan with his usual straight forward brutality. Tho fish must bo played with, not frightenod away, and so with cha racteristic cynicism Turkey was told to mako matters squaro with England, and after that perhaps tho Triplo Allianco would seo what they could do for her. Tho sick man wont away sorrowful, but as this cold comfort was all that he could got he decided aftor tho usual amount of Oriental procrastination to make tho best of it. Of courso he might as well try to make ropes out of sand as to patch up a durable shoulder to shoulder allianco with England. Pooplo hero arc jealous enough of Russia, but to tho vast majority of tho present generation tho Turk is only thought of as tho "unspeakable," so tenaoiously does an incisive term stick so long as it has a ghost of applicability. In case of war Turkish assistance might possibly bo accepted, but it is quite certain that nothing in the sliapo of a pcaco compact for an offensive and defensive allianco in any future contingencies would for one momont be tolorated by tho mass of Bul garian atrocity loving Britishers. It is a wonder that Siberia has not acted as a kind of anti- doto to tho semi-invented sonsations which tho Daily News is constantly vomiting forth Tho slow death — with variations of torture and madness — of tho Siberian penal settlements seems not to bo in it with soino fantastic story of a boiled child in Armenia. After a time tlieso hideous fables of Turkish misrule are mostly disproved, but meanwhile they havo served their turn, and have gone to swell the huge mountain of anti- Turkish preju dice whioh has been heaped up in this country. It should, however, always bo borne in mind that tho crimes of Russia aro tho crimes of its Government, whilst thoso laid to tho charge of Turkey aro mostly tho work of bandits and maraudors, over whom tho Porto has as little control as had tho Victorian Government over tho Kelly gang during tho period when these miscreants lay perdu in tho fastnesses of the north-eastern district. Onesided as the anti-Turkish sentiment may appear, it is useless to rail at and attempt to eradicate a feeling which lias acquired tho force of a natural propensity. None knows this better than Lord Salisbury, unless it bo Princo Bismarck, when ho put tho troubled Sultan on his bootless mission to the Court of St. James. The basis of agreement with England which tho Chancellor suggested is an additionally impossible one, it being utterly out of the ques tion for England to treat with tho Sultan for tho permanent occupation of Egypt in view of the solemn plodges given to Franco in tho face of all Europo as to its purely temporary nature. "Why, tho very moot ing of tho matter would bo a casus belli with our Eiffel Tower building neighbors. Al together then the Sultan is iuvoluntarily play ing the leading part in a very laughable comedy got up for his special benefit by Prince Bis marck. At this quiet timo there are, of course, thickening rumors of Russian war preparations ; anil to a certain extent, no doubt, thoy are thoroughly voracious. But theu Russia ' is always preparing, as indeed she cannot holp preparing, for that future of universal nggres- uion which, come it soon or como it late, is her destined relc (and sho is already playing tho part) amongst tho nations. Sho mav take the field next year or next contury, which it docs not seem to matter much to her rulers, so long as they aro prepared for any emer gency which may be forced 011 them, or which mav spiring naturally out of their forward and domineering attitude. Amongst tho rumors iloating about is 0110 to tho effect that Austria is trying to got Turkey to pull the chestnuts out or tho fire for her by officially recognising ! Princo Ferdinand, when theCentralPowors could follow suit without appearing to bo tho primo movers in offering what could only bo regarded as a deliberate insult to Russia. In that caso, the latest alarmist asserts, the Czar will tako tho fiold in May next, with tho view of forcibly vindicating Russian predominance in the Balkan 1 provinces. In tho meantime 30 railway engines | and 1000 carriages have, it is said, been ordered I to rendezvous at Katair for transport pur- 1 poses, whilst at the various dock yards the I utmost activity prevails with tho viow of ensur- j| iug similar readiness for active operations at sea. 8 As usual, too, thero aro formidable mobilisations j on tho Galiciau frontier, and it is certainly H remarkable that out of 56 cavalry rogiments in 1 the Russian service, no Iobs than 40 are disport- H ing themselves on the Austro-Gorman border. U There lias also been a flutter about some Russian gg war ships said to bo cruising about tho mouth II of the Danube, but these are, tlio Vienna Si correspondent of tho Daily Telegraph ex- |S plains, in reality the property of tho H| Gargarin Navigation Company, a com pel mercial undertaking resembling iu many ro ll spccts the Austrian Lloyd ; but the Russian IU company was founded under tho immcdiato M auspices of tho Government, and still reoeives HI every encouragement from tho authorities. S| There is not tho slightest doubt that in caso of SI war the flotilla of the Gargarin Company would Ka —as if by enchantment — bo transformed into an III annexe of the Russian fleet. Muoli of tho Sts materiel at the company's disposal would serve si! ndmirably for war purposes. Pontoons may ho III used to construct temporary bridges in timo of |U war as well as for landing stages in time of | peace ; but tlio ponding evolutions of the Gar- £ garin craft at tho Danube mouths involvo no- 1 thing moro suspicious than tho manoeuvres thoy || havo been engaged in for seveial mouths I past. I Shipping oirclos just now are agitated over a I now sensation sot on foot by thoso stormy petrels of mnrino affairs, tho Messrs. Tysor, who 1 a few years ago, after waging a fiery warfaro | with tho "ring," wero received, much to tlioir I own advantage, into tho bosom of that potont I combination. Fortune seemed to Bmile on 1 them in other directions, for in 1887 they | bccamo the superintending agonts of the 1 Coionial Union Company Limited, and somo- 1 what later the brokers of tho New Zealand | Shipping Company. Iu tho latter capaoity I things have not been going altogether smoothly £ with them of late, owing to their wings I having been somewhat clipped in regard I to the extent of tho authority which they g expected to wield over , tho fortunes of the H latter company. It is in relation to the Colonial H Union line/ however, that the greatost eontre- H temps has arisen, and one which seems likely to initiate endless litigation. This company has now been in existence for about two years, and at first worked at a slight loss despito tho fact that thoy entered into largo contracts for tho conveyance of frozen meat from New Zealand, and to n lesser extent from Rockhampton, in Queensland. Of Into, however, tho frozen moat trado has proved moro lucrativo, besides which the company entered into a "pooling" agree ment with its two Now Zealand rivals, tho Now Zealand Shipping and tho Shaw, Savill and Albion Companies, by whioh tho trio agreed to divide between them in certain stated proportions all receipts for freightage of frozon meat up to a total of, I think, 1,250,000 carcases. Beyond that figure receipts were' to bo shared equally. In the Colonial Union Company Messrs. Gray, Dawes and Company, on behalf of the British India Associated steamers, took £10,000 worth of shares, becoming tho largest single share holders ; and tho Messrs. Nelson, tho well known frozen meat brokers, £5000 ; andnltogother a capital of about £43,000 was paid up. A few weeks ago tho public wero somewhat surprised to learn that tho Messrs. Tyser had become con cerned in tlio start of a fresh company entitled the Tysor Line Limited. Lator on it leaked out that in tho formation of tho new company no less than four of tho directors of tho Colonial Union Company, namely, tho two Messrs. Tysor and Messrs. Busliby and Wright, had taken tho leading part. Subsequently, at a directors' mooting, from which Mr. Benhnm, ono of tho board, was absent, having had no notification of tho naturo of the business to bo 'transacted, it was decided to enter into an agree ment with tho newly formed Tyser Line for the transfer to them of tho business of the' Colonial Union Company, the Tyser line giving tho Colonial Union shareholders 5 per cent. debentures in their eompmy in lie", "f and to the same amount as their holding in tho formor. In tho meantime, and pending. tlio confirmation of tho agreement by tho Colonial Union share holders, the four directors concerned in forming tho Tysor Lino resigned their positions on tho board of the former. Immediately subsequent to the second annual moeting of tho company, on the 23rd of last month, an extraordinary mooting was held, when the confirmation of the agreement was moved, it being argued by tho Messrs. Tyser and their supporters that tho new concern would bo able to mako bettor arrangements as to capital, &c.;, than was pos sible with tho old; and that the shareholders of tho lattor, with a guaranteed 5 per oent. in tho now company, would hold a much bettor position than as shareholders in a concern which was not yet even dividend paying. Mr. Benliam and Sir. Dawos showed cause on tho otlior side, the lattor objecting to tho suddenness and secrecy of the whole affair, and expressing his resolu tion not to accept voluntarily tho changed posi tion proposed. He much preferred his chances of profit iu tho Colonial Union to a guaranteed 5 per cent, in tho Tysor line. If tho prospects of the Colonial- Union wore so dark, what sort of security would tho dobenture holders in tho Tyser lino have 011 a mortgage of what was practically only tho same business transferred ? Mr. Dawes also asserted that tlio board could if they liked havo declared a handsomo dividend for the year just closed, the accounts, including a sum of £5682 to credit under the pooling arrangement, showing a profit of fully 25 per cent, on tlio paid up capital, out of which a divi dend of 10 per cent, might havo been paid, and 15porcent. havegono to provide for deterioration. Despito thoso protests the agreemont was con firmed by 38,588 votes to 15,512, tho Nclsou contingent swelling tho majority, their intorest lying mote in tho direction of cheap freights just now than shipping profits at a later dato. Tho move certainly hn3 tho appearnncco of being diotated by a desiro on tho part of the majority cliquo to get rid of independent supervision and to monopolise a future, and, indeed, one may say, a present good thing. It is rather hard, too, that they should seek to trado on tho capital of the dis- sonticnt seotion. At tho bottom of the whole thiug probably is tho animosity which prevails between tho Messrs. Tysor and Mr. Dawes in referenco to tho affairs of tho Now Zealand Shipping Company. In tho latter caso Mr. Dawes holds an undoubted predominance, but in -that of tho Colonial Union tho Tysor intorest is so decidedly in the ascendant as to be ablo to return tit for tat in very substantial measuro. Thoy laugh best, howovor,- who laugh last, and Mr. Dawes mu)p yet bo tho victor, should tho proceedings he is taking for an injunction to restrain the transfer turn out as his lawyors advise him will bo the case. Canon Saumarez Smith is suspended between licavon and earth in regard to his nowly won Primacy. His nolo cpiseopari may possibly prove less of a formal matter than lias been the case with his brethren for some centuries back. The Church Times is quite with tho ob jectors in sustaining tho illegality of tho appointment and the necessity for a now olection. In tho absence of any chance ot a more "Catholic " appointment, they evidontly think that Canon Smith should got the benefit of the doubt and be confirmed in tho appoint ment which has been snatched from his grasp just when ho was tasting its sweets. The fol lowing letter, "received" by a friend, will show in what aspect tho matter presonts itself to the person chiefly interested in tho protest which tho Archbishop of Canterbury has now tho delicate task of deciding on. Canon Smith, writing on tho 2nd iust., says': — As tho original dato proposed for my conso- cration was 1st November (All Saints' Day), and tho archbishop must wait to know what tho alleged irregularity iu my election is, which tho protesting bishops bring forward as invalidating it, it seems quito certain tbat the consecration will bo deferred. I am in hopes that tho next Australian mail may throw somo light on what tho original protest was, and cnablo mo to seo what my position is. I shall not now ask for consecration until I am sufficiently certified that my election is valid and complete. I had thought that tho very cordial (telegraphed) message, which I received from tho Sydney Synod on 21st August had put an end to all doubts as to the election, but the roceivod protest — mado to tho Archbishop of Canterbury and not mado known to myself save by tho public Router's telegram — has of course thrown matters back a little." Lord Hopotoun is being cntertainod to-day by thogood city of Edinburgh; and aB iu duty bound he has given the tradesmen of the Scotch capital a very handsome return iu the shape of a large order for livories to bo worn by his servants in their now location. Thero are to bo 300 of them, and tho Daily Telegraph gushes apace over their splendor and variety. So much plush was never seen before in any Australian colony, and even Mr. Archibald Forbos may now ceaso his laments over tho lack of liveried state which ho observed during' his visit to Aus tralia, oven in Government Houses. Anent tho liveries, " the largest circulation in tho world," makes tho following thoroughly Daily Telegraphese announcement : — " Lord Hopetoun has given a large order for handsomo Stato livories to 011 Edinburgh firm. Tho gar- ments number some 300, and are all distin guished by tho -Hopetoun crest and arms, Among them is a handsome light bluo dress for a Turkish servant, three kilt costumes for High land retainers, tho ordinary liveries being waist coat and broeches of yellow plush, with gold- laced coats and three-cornered hats, and pink or white silk hose. Surely the Victorians should be pleased. Lord Hopotoun's portrait in oil is boing painted as a farewell gift from the mem bers of tho Linlithgow Hunt. Surely his lord ship should also bo pleased." Tho pre parations for tho St. Georgo's Club banquet go on apace, and it is now quite olear that Sir. Graham Berry will be well supported on tho 15th, Lords Rosebery and Knutsford having accepted invitations, to say nothing of Sir George Bowen, Mr. Ckildors, Sir Audrew Clarke, Sir Charles Tapper and the Agents-General for the Capo and tho other Australian colonies. , Tho affairs of tho New Zealand Shipping Company still stand in statu quo. Mr. Dawes is quite willing to accept 5 per cent, debentures nt £97 15s. for his share of tho company's indebtedness, nnd would give tho Bank of Now Zealand a preference for their £45,000 and tho other mortgagees a proferenco for their £25,000 over his £230,000. Messrs. Jobnstono and Tyser havo proposed abortivo schemes for liquidating the liability, and only personal animosities pro- vent a settlement being arrived at on the basis approved by Sir John Gorst and Mr. Thos Rus sell, and accopted by Mr. Dawes. How ad vantageous to the company the proposal is may bo judged from the faot that qot so long ago they welcomed the idea of floating their 6 per cent, debentures at £86. Great objection is expressed in some quarters at Mr. Dawes being the aompany's despot. If there was any reality in the outory, those who mako it would tako the oarliest opportunity of placing tho company in a position in which, oxcept as a director, Mr. Dawes would bo powerless in tho company's affairs unless default woro mado in payment of the interest on his debentures. Tho Maori footballers do not seem to have loft a very pleasant impression behind them. At tho Rugby football moeting on "Wednesday a vote of thanks to Mr. G. Rowland Hill for his great services as hon. sec. was carried, after which tho president said thero was one matter that called for their attention, and read an extract from an Australian paper commenting 011 Sir. G. Rowland Hill's refereoing in tlio Eng land v. SInorics match. Sir. S. E. Sleigh, Otngo Union, commented in strong terms on tho con duct of the SInorics, nnd on behalf of the com mittee moved tho following resolution, which was seconded by tho president and carried with out a dissentient voice : — Tho Rugby Football Union, assembled in general meeting, have heard with indignation the remarks reported in cortain Australian papers to have been mado by Sir. Wnrbrick, tho captain of the Slaori football team which recently visited England, in which, amongst other things, ho brings charges of unfairness generally against the Englishmen who refereed in their matches, and in particular against their hon. seo., Mr. G. Rowland Hill, tho referee in tho match England v. Slaories. Such charges are absolutely false nnd untrue, and the Union desiro to express their distinct approval of the manner in which Sir. Hill discharged his duties in the match referred to, and their unabated confidence in his integrity as a referee. Tho Union is convinced that Sir. Wnrbrick's general statements will not bo credited, and that, in particular, his unsportsmanlike nnd unwarrant able assertion as. to the .absence of fair play amongst English football" men will reliect only to his discredit, and will carry no weight with their brother sportsmen nnd with all truo lovers of football in Australia, Now Zealand and elso- where. 