The Episode of Grim Death Hollow. [BY ?WILLIAM ABTLEY.] Author o£ 'Half-Orowk Bob ' ; nnd other Btorius PAET THK EIGHTH II. 1 As Sorgoant Carroll dismounted at tho gato 3 of his quarters at Egortoa on hiB return from I his profitless visit to tho Groasor, Dr. Lyttloton, * who was accompanied by Toddy Dennis, stopped to speak to him. ' Well, Sorgeant, and did you soo Jack ? How is ho ''' queried tho doctor. I saw him, rejoined tho trooper, rather dis contontedly, and I should say he is gotting on a pace. Going over thero to-day ?' 'No; but I tako tho youngsters homo to morrow. Did you got any tatisfaction out of tho Greaser ?' 'Can't say that I did, sir; Ho persists that ho doos not know the man, and I bolievo him, but I bolievo also that if ho did, ho wouldn't inform.' And then with a laugh at his own discomfiture, ho continued : 'Ho protended to bo greatly surprisod at my not having got on tho tracks of the bushrangor. The sinnor for all his illness, knows porfoctly well, that tho ' fools' who came from tho township that morn iug had playod the dickens with tho tracks if thoro woro any.' Tho doctor, who hod, of course, boon duly informed of the ' livoly scono' at the Hollow tho morning following tho sticking-up, laughod heartily, and Carroll could not refrain from joining in tho laugh, although it was largoly against himself, '? By tho way, Carroll,' cried Lyttloton. ' You examined that hole into which tho crook runs, didn't you ? Toddy hero says it loadn to a sort of tunnel through tho rocks. Curious thing that ! ' You moan tho holo bohind tho forus and shrubs !-' 'Yob.' ' Oh, that can't load anywhoro ; I did examino it, but it is blocked a fow foet away froja tho mouth by stone. ' Oh,' struck in the boy hastily, somewhat indignant at having his statomont discredited, ' but it does lead some whore — to a gallery — mother and mysolf found it out a short time ago and wo wont through tho hole to the Hollow — at least I did. It wasn't blockud with stuues, then.' Tho Sorgoant, who had boon stripping his horso, whilo speaking, of his saddle and branch ing, and had juet reversed tho bridlo prior to lordiug it to his stable, lookod at tho boy. ' You can't inoan that, Toddy lad,' He loworod his voico involuntarily as if in re cognition of tho loss niado tnanifoet in tho boy's black suit. 'Oh, but I do,' rospondod Tod with pnr sistence. 'Mothor and I tracked tho tunnel from a cavo at tho head of a gully noar our pluco right up to tho rook noxt tho Hollow. And jolly good fun it was, too.' he concluded with tho vohomonco of his years. Carroll and tho dootor thoughtfully looked at each other. ' Anything in it you think, Sor goant?' askod tho doctor. 'Somobody said in tho boy's hoaring the other day that it was strange tho Groasor should have boon ouo of tho chief sufforers by tho affair in the Hollow, when it was he who discovorod the Pass, and tho boy then said that ho and his mother had found a way to the Hollow as well. And then ho told us all about Mrs. Dennis' trip into tho rocks. Plucky that for a lady wasn't it '? And a usoful thing, too, if it turns out the roguo got to and from tho Hollow that way.' Tho Sergeant did not answer at once, when ho did, ho said, reflectively : ' But I'll swear, doctor, the hole was blocked whon I lookod into it. I struck a mutch and saw tho stones distinctly, Thore was just a narrow space into which tho wator ran. Aro you suro, Ted, you wont through to tho Hollow, — right through ?' ' Bight through and back again, Mr. Carroll, And then the boy related how tho cavo and tho tunnol came to bo discovorod, and how ho had crawled through tho aperturo. 'Well, it's a curious thing,' said Carroll, ' and it's just possible that if Toddy is right' — Tod threw up his hoad resentfully, — ' that tho bushrangor and his gang know of it. I've to draw up a report for Ponrith to-day, or I'd go over at onco and i'orrot out tho place. But I'll go ovor the first thing in tho morning.' ' Toll you what, Mr. Carroll, exclaimed Ted impotuously, hiB irritation at tho Sorgoant's doubtfulness vanishing at tho prospoct of a ride on horsoback, ' Dr. Lyttloton is going to drive us ovor to-morrow in bis buggy, but if tho doctor won't inind, and you, Mr. Carroll, will lot mo have your pony, I'll go with you and show you tho gully and tho tunnol, if mothor will lot me— and sho will, I know.' Blindly the sturdy lad was woaving the net round the foet of that dearly-loved mother ! 'What do you say, doctor ? Is it a bargain ? Tod can havo his ride, and I shall be saved an hour or two ?' ' Of course, I'm agrooablo,' responded tho doctor. ' But yon will want to start early, Carroll, whilo I cannot drivo ovor with tho little girls till nearly noon.' ' Yos, I shall havo to atart by sovon o'clock. Lot tho boy stop with mo to-night, doctor, so wo noodn't hurry your pooplo in the morning.' 'What do you say, Tod,' quostioned Dr. Lyttlotou. ' Splendid !' was tbo boy's roply. ' All right, thou. I know you will tako caro of him, Sorgeant,'— dropping his voico so tho lad should not catch his words—' that poor lady yondor can't bear much more trouble, Carroll.' ' That was my thought to-day, doctor, when I saw hor; sho is more of a ghost than a living woman. You can dopend on it I'll watch him as if he wore my own.' So, after the boy had gono to tho doctor's Iiohbo to bid Mrs. Lyttloton good-byo, and to kiss his littlo twin-sisters good- night, ho re turned to tho Sergoant's neat quarters to pass the night. Tho lad was of an ago to know something of the meaning of sorrow. Ho had folfc his father's Iosb deeply, and hia nightly sloop sinco had boon disturbed by memories of the dead man, and by boyish plans for tho futuro in which he was to shiold tho dear mothor from further trouble. That night he slept soundly in his strango bed. Did no vision come to worn him thut in his innoconco, he was betraying that dear mothor '1 Did no intimation, sont forth forth from ' t'other side of tho Groat Divido' by the spirit of his fat hor, reach him to restrain his arm from stiiking that cherished one a fatal blow ? (Conclusion of Part Eighth.) 