GENERAL NEWS. To-day the Premier celebratos his jubilee as a colonist. Exnctly 60 years ago— namely, on July 27, 18B9— -Sir Henry Parkes landed on these shores. Tbo Elections and Qualifications Committee met again yesterday, and examined a number of witnesses in connection with tbe recent election of Mr. Schoy for Redfom. A representative of The Daily Telegraph agaiu made application for permission to report tbe proceedings, but wa9 again denied admission and informed that the committee bad finally determined not to allow the press to bo represented. Tho committee, on rising, adjourned until Thursday next at 10 o'clock. A good deal of uninteresting business was disposed of in the Assembly yesterday afternoon and evening. The House met, as usual on Fridays, at half- past 2 o'clock, and sat until a late hour at night. The Essex-Btreet Align ment Bill, tho Mortgages Act Amendment BUI, tbe Blackfriais and Shepherd's Nursery Estates Bill, the Warwick Farm Hallway Bill and the Bathurst Saleyarda Bill were read a second time. Tho object of tbo last-named measure, which was introduced by Mr. Paul, was to enable the town council of Ba'thnrst to open yards for tho Bale of cattle. Mr. Frank Farnell considers that Parliament has something more important on band than his Totallsator Bill. Hence in the Legislative Assembly yesterday afternoon ho withdrew it from the bueiucflu papers, and to impress upon the House his earnest desire for reform pro mised at an early dato to briug forward a mea sure by which gambling of any kind will bo made illegal. Ho had canvnssod tho opinion of hit brother members, I10 said, and could not but see that the measure which be was then dis charging would not haro met with genoral npport. In this both Mr. Oriole and Mr. Gormty concurred. Tho roantt was that tho Assembly was spared the pleasure of a speech on tho second reading of tho Totalieator Bill which Mr. Farnell frankly admitted would have taken him at least two hours to deliver. Generally speaking, the person who under took to etiU further reduce the width of the already narrow streets of the metropolis would hardly be regarded as a public benefactor. Still, even to this rule there are some exceptions, and it would seem that an attempt on the part of Mr. Playfair, in which he has the support of the Legislative Assembly— an attempt to rcdnce tbo width of Essex-street in one or two places- is snoh an exception. A bill brought forward by him for tbe attainment of this object was yesterday evening read a second time. The text of the measure provides that " whereas tho existing alignment of Essex-street is defective and inconvenient in. respect to tbe footways and it Is expedient to declare valid tbe proposed alignment of such footways to the width here inafter specified," &c.; After the passing of this Act tho footways and carriage-way in Esaex- strcct, from George to Princes streets, shall be of tho respective dimensions shown on a plan nombered " 1 A.." But whero was tho plan numbered "1 A ?" Apparently in tbo Town-hall, and there hon. members fell fonl of Mr. Playfair'a little bill. Still the general principle was willingly approved, and tbo meaenre having been read a second time was slightly amended in committee. It now remains to bo seen what tbe action of tbe- Upper Houso will be. On the last occasion they threw tho bill out. The second reading of the Blackfriars and Shepherd's Nnr6ery Estates Bill was brought up in the Assembly yesterday afternoon by Mr. Edmunds. The . nature of this measure is already well known. When that tract of open land in George-street west, near the junction of Newtown-road, was cut up into allotments for sale and tbe City Council refused to sanction tho abominably narrow lanes into which it was divided by the vendors, it was, so to Bpeak, placed in pawn, and there it has remained evor since. Under the present law it is impos9iblo for tho council to allow any building upon it, and as long as it remains unbuilt npon it is undoubtedly an eyesore to tho city and, being alternately a dust-heap and a swamp, a threatened danger to tho health of the inhabitants around. The question involved in Mr. Edmunds' bill, was then, whether it is better to . enduro tho ills of an unused piece of land in a great centre of population or to fly to those presented by rows of small houses jostling ono another in a highly improper fashion along tho lino of absurdly narrow lanos. Mr. Edmunds raised bis voico in . favor of the permanent injury as the only way of exit from the nuisance, which must last, ho thinks, a3 long as tho land remains vacant, and the object of his bill was accordingly to enable tho corporation to take over tho streets. It was unfortunate, ho ad mitted, to have to legalise an action for which Dorsona should really have been punished. But as the matter stood tho vendors of the property had placed themselves beyond tho possibility of punishment, and the only people who would suffer if Parliament refused its sanction to the measure would ho tho general public and tho unfortunate purchasers of the allotments. Mr. Gonld opposed the bill, whilst Mr. Carruthers, Mr. Abigail and Beveral other members sup ported it, the second reading being subsequently carried on tho voices. Mr. Gould took a particularly strong and independent stand against Mr. Edmands' bill, read for a second time in tbe Assembly yesterday, for the purpose of giving the City Council power to take over the 'streets on tho Black friars and Shepherd's Nursery Estate?. Parlia ment was asked, be said, to condono tho action of vendors who, with their eye a open, had cut up their land illegally and cajoled a number of persons who were probably ignorant of the law upon tho question into purchasing tho allot ments. If the Houso passed that bill other measures would bo brought forward with the same end in view, and they would be powerless to do anything but what they did in this in stance. Ho did not liko tho bill. Better was it to leave it to tho City Council, which had so grievously -neglected its duty in the past, to resume or purchase enough of tbo land to make tho streets a legal width. Some questions with regard to the training ship Yernon were asked in the Assembly yesterday. In reply Mr. Carruthers said tho Yernon was overcrowded, but temporary accommodation was being rapidly provided by the erection of dormitories on the adjacent inland (Cockatoo). A second training-ship was not required, but it would be necessary to replace the Vernon by a now and moro Buitr.blo vessel. Negotiations wero opened some time ago with the bomo Government with this object, and it was, hoped that the matter would bo fiually and satisfac torily settled in a abort time. Mr. M'Millan informed tho Assembly yester day that 40 now locomotive boilers bad been ordered daring the last six months, GO from Messrs. Beyer, Peacock and Co., and 10 from Messrs. Bubs and Co., at an estimated cost of £33,000. Tenders bad not been invited in the colony for tho supply, as tbe boilers required were to ho duplicates of thoao supplied with engines uiannfucturcd by tho above firms, anjl as the boilers were urgently needed. It appears from a statement mado in the Assembly by Mr. Bruce Smith that tho new Government dock at Bilocla was commenced in March, 1884, at an estimated coBt of £150,000. Up to tbe present £264, 4G2 bad beon expended on tho work and it was calcu lated that another £2G,000 would be required to complete it, bat that earn would include the purchase of sheds, cranes and equipment not included in tho original estimate. Tbe time origiually allowed for tho completion of the work expired ou January 27, 1887,- but a sub sequent extension of six months was granted. Tbe contract, however, was practically com pleted in July, 1888. The dock would be open in about four months, no recent cause of delay having occurred. On Tuesday next iMr. Schoy will ask in the Assembly whether 3Jd has been fixed by tbo Hallway Department as the rate of payment for cleaning out dirty cattle waggons and ehcep trucks, and if so who is responsible for fixing such charge, also on whose recommendation was tho same brought into force ? On the same evening Mr. Moles- worth will ask tbo Minister for Pnblic Works whether it is fact that tho Commissioners for Railways contemplate tbe removal of th Newtown and Macdonaldtowu stations from their present sites, if so, for what reason? What otbor eito or sites have been determined upon for the re-erection of the necessary station buildings, and when such proposed alterations would be carried into effect ? In reply to Mr. Perry, yesterday, tho Minister for Pablio Works Btnted in the Assembly on Thursday that the fascine bauks had only been tried at Cook's River and Moruya River, whore suitablo material, such as ti-treo and mud or clay, had been available ; and in such cases the banks had so far proved most satisfactory, and wore likely to prove most durable in the future. Tho estuary of tho Tweed River was nearly all clean sand— quite unsuitable for such work — but a report would bo obtained as to the possibility of procuring ti- trco and clay. " Tho Foreman of tho Jury" writes : — "I am much surprised that one of tbe jurors in tho Morriaou case disputes my version of the reasons for the verdict. He, however, does not ques tion the main part of my statement, and I think it right for tho satisfactiou of the public to state that the jury were of the opinion that tho 1 burglar' idea put forward by tbo Crown broke down completely. For my own justification I may mention that both tho verdict and tho re commendation were arrived at clause by clause and wero reduced to writing." At the Contral Criminal Court yesterday tho jury returned » verdict of guilty against Denis Moloney and of acquittal in respect of Patrick Hancock and Edward Keogh, charged with as sault and robbery. All threo prisoners, bow- ever, had been found guilty ou another charge of the same nature, and Moloney was sentenced to six years' imprisonment on each iudictmcnt, and Keogh to three years and Hancock to two on the 0110 on which thoy were found guilty. Tho man Moloney, sentonced to six years imprisonment at the Central Criminal Court yostcrday for assault and robbery, is what is generally known as " a cool band." The style of bis address to the jury, cross-examination of witnesses and remarks to the Chief Justice, proclaimed bis intimacy with criminal law pro- ccdure, but It was not of a nature calculated to make a favorable impression. Ho appoarcd In nowise dtsconccrtfld by tho verdict ot tho two jurios whoao deliberations affeotod his freedom , and recoivod the sentence of " six years' ponai ' as though tho torm wore not In cxcoss of bis I expectations. After being sentonced bo desired to demonstrate bis magnanimity, and assured tho Judge that both of his companions were quite innocent. "It is no use saying that now," said hie Honor. " I regret to bear you say it. You are only carrying your offence a little further." To which the convicted yet unabashed ono replied with great nonchalance, " All right ; thank your Honor." Moloney, whose cast of countenance is of tho veritable Bill Sykea type, bad been several times pre viously convicted of assault and stealing. The Chief Justice had a word or two to say yesterday in reference to the lash as a punish ment. He remarked that had the charge against two prisoners (robbery with violence) been laid under tho section permitting it he would certainly have ordered each a whipping. He was not an advocate of flogging, his Honor said, bat he was quito aware that there were some men who could only be reached in that way. It had been said that flogging had a brutalising effect, bat the men to whom be bad referred could not, he opined, be further brutal- ised, and whippiog was the only punishment to bring them to a senno of their misdeeds. At the Central Police Court yesterday Mr. Whittingdale Johnson, S.M., by instructions from the Chief Justice, took evidence in tho matter of a prosecution for murder pending in' the High Commissioner's Court for the Western Pacific, at Snva, Fiji, preferred against Henry Ernest Weaver. The court was held with closed doors aod no information was given tho pres9, Tt will be remembered that early in May last the schooner Colonist, nuder the command of Captain Grecnless, sailed from Sydney for Fiji, having amongst her crew as a supercargo Henry Ernest Weaver, a man well known in Sydney and Brisbane, and who had occupied the position of captain in tho mercantile service. On May 22 the schooner was lying in tbe stream at Port Havanuah, in the New Hebrides, close to H.M.S. Lizard. During tho night shots, fol lowed by screams, wero beard and the com mander of tho Lizard sent on officer on board tho Colonist to ascertain what bad occnrred. Ir was found that Weaver had fihot Captain, Greenless, who died three hours afterwards. The man was arrested and forwarded to Snva Fiji, whero ho was brought before Sir John Thurston, tho Chief High Commissioner of the Pacific, and remanded until August ou a charge of wilful murder on the high seas. Tbo inquiry held yesterday was to take evidence as to prisoner's sanity. Tbe ovidcnce will bo at once forwarded to Fiji. The newly-formed " Centenary- hall" Boys' Club was inaugurated at the Weeleyan Cen tenary-hall Jast night by a free entertainment which proved an immense "draw." Upwards of 1000 boys circulated round the room whero tea and cakos wero being served out by kindly, bright-eyed young ladies, and the lads, like tho old rustic in "Rhoda Flemming," did not leavo'off until they could "feel their buttons." Advantage was taken by the Rev. W. G. Taylor, president of the club, to explain its objects to those present, and whilst inviting them to join to point out that it was not intended for those who already belonged to kindred societies (as the Boys' Brigade and other clnbs). The speech waB received with enthusiasm, and it ia pro bable that there will be a great master at the hall on Monday, when the lads were invited to attend to give their names to the committee. The new clnb deserves cordial public sup port, and something may now be said of it. Its object is tho well-being of working boys, and any lad of 10 years and upwards can become a member. A gymnasium, readiug-room, edu cational classes, «kc., &c.;, aro included in tho " curriculum," and as tbe clnb is being worked on an undenominational basis — that is to say, boys other than Weslcyana aro admitted— a very general support should be assured. His Excellency tho Governor is the patron, the Rev. AY. G-. Taylor tho president j Messrs. Wil liam M'Millan, M.P., E. Yickery, M.L.C., and Benjamin James are the vice- presidents : and Messrs. W, W. Clarke, Y- A. Hill and R. M'Donald, tho secretaries. A deputation from tbe Phonographic Society yesterday asked thd Minister for Public Instruc tion to arrange for tbo teaching of Pitman's phonographic shorthand in the public high schools. Mr. Carruthers informed them that the qnestion had beeu considered by the de partment on several occasions and tho principal objection to teaching shorthand in the high schools was that if it were taught some other snbject would bavo to bo omitted .from tbo curriculum, which was already too large and imposed a great tax on the teachers. He would, however, consider the matter, and if he could see bis way clear to have shorthand taughthin ono or two superior Bchools, by way of experi ment, bo would gladly do so. A 'deputation from the Castle-hill Agricul tural Association was introduced to tbe Minister for Lands yesterday morning by Messrs. Nobbs and Ritchie, Ms.P., their object being to urge that immediate action be taken for tho conversion of tho recreation reserve at Castle-bill into a show ground. Mr. Brunker explained that certain formalities had to bo gone through which would take some little time to complete, but tbat meanwhile tho association could erect buildings on tho ground in order that they would bo able to bold tbeir next show there. A valuable consignment of Yermont sheep, the property of Mr. E. D. Morrison, was brought to this colony in tho steamer Port Pirie, which reached Port Jackson yesterday morning. When shipped they numbered 71 rams and 18 ewes, but one was bo injured during tho storm whilst the steamer was lying off tbe Heads on Thursday uight that it died. The temainder were landed yesterday at the quarantine station at Bradley's Head and satisfactorily passed an inspection made by Mr. A. Bruce (chief inspector of stock) and Mr. 8tanley (Government veterinarian). Tbe sheep ore consigned to Messrs. Alex. Wilson aud Co., of this city, as agents for the owner. Tho tree-planting ceremony that was to have taken place at the Leichhardt Public School this afternoon has, wo aro informed by Mr. Hawthorne, M.P., been postponed till this day week in consequence of tbo continued in clemency of the weather having rendered the ground quite nnfit for planting operations. It will bo remembered that a week or two ago Detectives Hinds and Greaves arrested In Sydney a foreigner named Robert Sali, alias John Foils, alias Tameni, alias Taraelini, on a charge of embezzlement in Brisbane. His defalcations were stated to have amounted to about £G00, and since then tbo olflcers in question have succeeded in recovering in gold or on paper nearly the whole of the amount. Yesterday thoy made a further and a final recovery of a promissory noto for £40, which was found iu the possession of a young woman in a lane off Brickfiold-hiTl. This last sum will, it is alleged, make good the whole of the amount said to haro been pecu lated. Sali has beeu identified as the man who some years ago was convicted of having, so it was averred, attempted to murder a fellow laborer in tho Bondi sower, for which offence fie was sentenced to a term of eight years penal servitude. When brought boforo tho Bench at tlio Water Police Court, shortly aftor his capture, ho was remanded to Queensland on provisional warrant, in tho custody of a Bris bane detective. Tbe Parramatta district hospital commlttoo are in sore financial stralta After a thorough canvass of tbe town and district the committee find themselves with only sufficient money to tide over tho month of Angnst. On Wednesday eveuiug tho body mot to consider the ex pediency of waiting upon the Premier and re questing a special grant. The hospital is overrun with police cases, which considerably affect the expenditure, and it is considered that they cutltlo the hospital to special allowance. Archdeacon Guother, the president, presided at the meetiug, and nfter considerable discussion it was decided to finally make another local effort by a hospital Saturday and Sunday. The various local ministers will be summoned to consider the .Sunday effort, and the com- mittoo aro to advino on the Saturday move ment. Tbe case of Proadfoot v. tho English, Scottish and Australian Chartered Bauk, heard before Mr. Justice IVindeyer and a jury of four, was con cluded yeBterday. The plaintiffs, George and David Proudfout, sued tbo defendant bank for alleged breach of agreement and claimed £10,000. Tbo agreement was that the de fendants, who had advanced money to tho plaintiffs in connection with a contract on tbe Illawurra railway lino, should settle an actlou by one J. D. Simpson against ono of the Proud- foota, in consideration of the plaintiffs settling several actions then ponding ketwaon them- I solves and other parties. The defendants I allowed tho action by Bimpson to go and judg- I wont wns obtained and excoution issued whereby itbe plaintiffs wero, as alleged, 'seri ously damaged in repntation as well-known contractors. For the defence it was not denied that the defendants had promised to , settle the action Simpson v. George Proudfoot, which in fact they did finally settle, and were only prevented from doing so before the case came into Court by the Proudfoot's themselves. Evidence was given of such interference on tbe part of the plaintiffs, Mr. Salwoy, tbe defendant's attorney, nnd Another witness positively asserting that they were induced not to settle the action, though they were prepared to do so all the time, the claim being for a small amount. His Honor in gam ming up referred to the evidence given in this' regard, aud pointed out that it would bo for the jury to consider whether, in the faco of this testimony, any breach of agreement on the part of the defendants had been established. The jnry, without leaving tho box, returned a ver dict for the defendants. An elderly man named Edwin Goodson, aged GO, was found dead at hie residence in Harold- street, Newtown, between 8 and 9 a.m. yester day, The discovery was made by his stepson and a young man named William Armstrong. The former bad been informed by a postboy that the deceased had not been seen about his residence since Saturdayjast, and a subsequent examination of tbe promises proved that Good- Bon lay inanimate on a couch in the dining- room. Dr. Jefferis, of Newtown, wa3 thon summoned, and on viewing tho body he fonnd several marks on both arras. The right eye was discolored and two small abrasions were visible on the back of the bead. In his opinion the deceased had been dead a few days. A report has been forwarded to the Coroner and an inqnest will be held. A children's lantern afternoon will be given to-day at 3 o'clock in tbe School of Arts- ball, nnd in the evening at 8 o'clock tbo Rev. Jonathan Evaus will recite Dickens' Christmas story of " Marloy's Ghost," which will be \ illustrated with photographs of life studies. On tbe evening of Thursday last Mr. R« E. 1 Callow, tho retiring organist and choir master of the Aahfield Presbyterian Church, was tho recipient of a handsome silver tea service and salver, presented by the choir. Mr. J. M'Credie, in making tbe presentation, spoke of tho long and effective services of. that gentleman and their regret at losing him. Mr. Callow re sponded iu suitable terms. "If Darwin be Right — "What Then?" is tho subject of a lecture to he given by tbo Rev. George Walters, to- morrow evening, in the Hyde Park Unitarian Church. A letter has been received by Mr, J. A. Wilson, of Manly, from the Secretary of the Postal Department, relative to the hour up to which correspondence for tho United Kingdom can be posted at Manly. The local postmaster has also brought the matter under notice, and instructions have been issued that an additional mail is to be made up at tbe Mauly post-office on English mail day — i.e., for transmission by P. nnd O.lnnd Orient steamers — in futurekfor dis patch by the 12.30 steamer from Manly. Mr. Bruce Smith, Minister for Public Works, was by 'a supplementary Government Gazette published yesterday appointed to be nominal defendant in the matter of a petition presented by Mr. Joseph John Rochester. A conference of clergy and teachers connected, with tho Church of England 8.S. Institute, will be hold at the Chapter-house on Monday even ing. The Rev. Principal Rainy, who has returned from Brisbane will preach to-morrow, in the morning at the Glebe Presbyterian Church, and in the evening at Ashfield. Miss Kewcomhe, lately from India, will deliver an address in tho Bathurst-street Baptist Church on Monday evening on Zenana work in that conntry. The lecture will be illustrated by a number of beautiful views. 