MR. A.ÎTD MRS. BOWSEtt. BY MES. BOWSER. (Detroit Free Prese.) Afc th rac o'clock the othor afternoon I accidentally caught sight of Mr. Bowser «kulföug about the back yard. He had neted very restless at dinner- time, and J at once felt that something was wrong. A caller caine and I could not get nut to the barn for half au hour, and tien I was (OD latí. A horse stood in the stall, aud Mr, B iwsar stood looking at the hors a. ,k Hive you--you-»," I graspad. ; /. Havo I wha; ?" Bought another horse, after those two dreadful failures {*" "Dreadful failures ! % bought ono horse ant he objected to the neighbour- hood. The other liked the neighbourhood but y<m object jd to his col mr." " Mr. Bowser, please don't buy another horse. We dont need one, you know, and you will snrelv get swindle"!." "Swiudled! I get swindled ou a horse! Mrs. Bowser, the mau who eau swindle me on a horse ha« yet to ha bora ! I koo* 'em from ear« to heels: I ran read 'em like so many books. We need a horse. Here was a chan« for a great .bargain, and I impr ired it." " I'm so-:so sorry !" "That's just like yi)U, but I can't help it. I don't propose to throw a hundred dollars over my slumlder. I bought that a limal f ir 2i)0dol., aud j sst in time to head off a mau woo would have been glad to-pay 3Jl)dol. X wouldn't tako 40i)d>l. f ir him as ho stands tner ." I was mac i put ou*, and after a time Mr. Bowser followed me int » «ho house, and said : Juat wait a weak, aud i¿ he d isen't turu ont all right I'll sell him for the 300d»l. and give you the extra lOOdol." Nothing further was said until the next morning, though in the meantime Mr. Bowser was telephoning about condition Ïiqwders, brau mashes, and throat sweater^, t seemed to me that he ordered about 50dol. worth «f thiugs. Twice in the night ho got np and raised the back win- dow't* listen, and he was "out of hod and ont to the barn with the first beams of daylight. B^e came ittto breakfast with a smile all over his face, and announced : ". Mrs. Bowser, yourself and your child ara invited to a sleigh rido aft?r break- fast." . . "You don't mean it!'' " But 1 do. Not only that, bqt I hope, to show you a gait that will throw snow iu the eye9 of all who follow." \- He had borrowed a neighbour's cutter and bolls, and after breakfast I got ready. Mr. Bowser said it was better to make oiir? start, from the barn, and when I got, put there I jfrund a lengthy, raw- boned, wild-eyed eqúxáe pawing the floor 'and Working his ears, and anxious to he off. wHe looks dangerous.". I said, after watching him a minute., "So does a stuffed lion, but ho isn't. However, if you are jt coward I'll ask Mw. Johnson to go." . , si,Mr\ Bowser, ybu »PB as pale as a ghost, and all pf ,ft tremble. .You arc afraid of him yourself." ¡ " W-what ! Afraid of him, or any j other horse Hviug ! You can't go with ' me, Mrs. Bonser ! Go right into tao j house!*' 1 . t ?? * .j I held the horse while lie shut the barn door, and I sized the animal uji as a vicious brute. 1 fully expected a cala- mity of some sort, bnt I would not hack out nor let Mr. Bowser go alouo. I on-, treated him to unhitch, bot he glared at me and replied : 1|" Have yon gone cleau daft ? This horse is as gentle as a rabbit, and I'd as soon let the baby drive him. Whoa, Uhudius ! Now you may go." But Claudius didn't go, He pawed the, earth and the air, stood on his hind feet, aud seemed to have struck a circus. " Is this a blooded horse ?" I asked of Mr. Bowser, who was looking puzzled. " Certainly. He's a Fearuaught." "Then he doesn't fear us, does heP And do Fearnaught horses always gj through tliesa cunning tricks before they start off?"' "Keep Rtill ! Go on Claudius !" Clamliusdropped down on all-fours long enough to use his hind feet and send the dash hoare of the ditter flying high above our hoads, and as 1 picked up tho slivers out of my bonnet 1 asked Mr. Bowser if he hadu't bettor let tho baby drive. Just then the beast started. He started with with a sort of hop, skip, and jump, which gave tue thn impression that the cutter wanted to get over the fence into the next yard. Aft<r getting a start the horse laid himself out for a run, and as I realised this I said to Mr. Bowser, who se eyes hung out like onions : Ho was warranted perfectly docile, wasn't he? This is his way of getting down town, isn't it ?'' ** He's running away !" shouted Mr. Bowser, as his imt blew off and a gre ¡t clod of snow whizzed by his ear. "But you ain't afraid of any horse living, you know? lt is probably some freak on the part of Claudius. What a delightful Jpace !" Whatever else conld be said against the horse he was a rnnuer. He had a contract te draw us at the rate of a mile every three minutes, and he didn't stop to count the cost. H»w we managed to dodge street cars, sleighs, cutters, and trucks, and to turn two or three corners in safety I can't expliin, but it was par haps because I had the lines aud Mc. Bowser was looking for a soft place to fall out on. The brute stopped after a two milo dash, and when I brought him np to the curbstone a policeman had to lift Mr. Bowser out and give him a swal- low of cordial to brace him np. " I had him almost stopped when a cramp caught me," explained Mr. Bowser to the crowd. "Bats!" called half a dozen voleos. " Say old man, you aren't fit'to drive such a boast as that !'' " Nobody but a fool would have bought ¡ suck a brute!" , " Come off, old man, and buy a hobby horse!" Mr. Biwaer and 1 wont home on the car. We didu't say much until we reached tho housi. I wasn't goiag tn say much then, but Mr. Bowser turned oa me with i " Now. thou, explain your conduct J" " What?" '* In snatching "those lines out of my hands and tryiu * t<» make a '«»mit«» of yourself! Mrs. ß iwser, there is a limit t i all things. Y m have reached that limit! I may nut bo home again thia week !" But he was. In lee 1. ho has he'ii yery hn nble over sinee. H>) got rid of tho horse next di,-, gave mo money for a spriug bonnet, and it is mutually under- stood that we don't refer to the past. 