Principle versus Principle. ?''We are fighting ' for a principlo' is a: Btatcnient that h'as 'befin reiterated, a ihou- : sand times during tho past few; days. 'We are fighting for a principle'- has b en the ?watchword 'and battleory of the] son's of 'labour. This fight for this prin-' ciple has dislocated all the manual me- : ?chanism of tho printing trade in this city, the Government Printing Offico and non union houses alono excopted. It has thrown .the bi'eud--wnmers: of- inoro th:iii 200' families out of employment. _ It h.is ?turned a blow at commerce generally which ??wasiirtended and expected to be disabling. It purposed, interrupting .trade by the sus pension of , all advertising and all printing. { It aimed at depriving the1 public of all . ?news Jttst so long as the men holding the principle' could hold out, or ' so long as they could test public sympathy. It as serted .itself; impulsively on tho baseless fabric of a suspicion. It conjured up a ;ghost out of the ? fertile resources of the labour union's imagination, and then ?called 'out 250 men to slay ''the ghost.' What, was that ghost? ..That the Master Printers? .Association had determined to crush the Queensland Typographical Association. It was an ingenious fiction, ??admirably .suited as a pretext for enforc ing the aforesaid principle. I urn in formed that it had not the -shadow of a 'basis torest on. ' lam assured'that it had 'never ' been- discusse'dj^nay, never intro duced, into tho .meetings of the Masters' Association.: n ? It was a bugbear without paternity on the Bide whose offspring it was alleged to be. Yet for .the. sake of ?that .monstipr,' born of suspicion and bred on 'principle,' rill this bother has been .nuidpj all this despotism exhibited, and all this bad blood stirred up. : : The compositors ,of . Brisbane are fight ing 'about '.a' ghost of lTtheir 'own raising. .It iis no. .doubt ? a noble * .cause of war in the estimation of the nien who 'boss the concern in which the spectre was ' called from the vasty ?deep of their profound imaginings. \-- .. What is -the ? '.principle'.? It is the ?jjj* predominancy of self- interest.' . Tbe : Jt taking absolute care of ' number one.' It !j/f is the principle of 'I must win, the de'il | take the next.' -? It is the. principle on a which all despostism rests, out of which 1« . all. the; tyranny of selfishness and oppres J sion grows ; which made tyrants of slave * owners1 ahdbrutes of nigger-drivers ; not j* necessarily;' but when .carried to .its ulti I mate length arid applied with irresistible '* power. : It is .the' principle of self pro tection when legitimately used. It is ?.the principle of .unscrupulous aggression ??when wrongly applied In tho latter case I it makes its demands imperiously; it accompanies them by tho threat ? of inso lence or of power;. it says 'I demand this ? or that from you, if you do not yield it I ?will compel you by a process of boycott, i .isolation, suspension of business; 1 will circumvent you by manoeuvre; ,1 will 1 bring you to your knees by a .process of starvation ; if I can ruin you utterly it will not cause me the slightest regret or compunction.' 'This is the principle .on which trade-union workmen have deserted the printing , ? offices in this city. They made a demand .accompanied by an intimidating threat! ^ The Trades, and Xabour Council' have i called on. all unions .to boycott the nows »l . ipapers in support of that demand. '% j.t was a demand .based on a prin '' cipal repugnant to British law., It :re_quired;the Master 'Printers' Association to exercise coercion on certain firms .who iliave given 'Umbrage to the Typogrriphisal Association (the workmen's union), by. the v .employment of non-union men. The mas 1 tcrs, on 'principle,' declined to interfere * withthe internal management of anybody's \fi place of business. Their 'principle' is 1 that no third party has a legal or moral 4 right to dictate to business men how they j slnll. conduct their .business, what sort. of , work they shall perform, or what class „ of anon they should employ. They hold J that .nobody has the right to fetter by i? dictation or influence the freedom which 1 is the ^birthright of every man who was * born in 'the British empire, or has ao 5 ' quired the (rights of British citizen '5 ship. The workman claims such a ?J right — ienf orces such a right . -. by all ;§ his resources of combination, intimi sf dationj ^md ithrcat. The employers insist % that' this is an abuse of 'principle,' 1 or ., it ? is .applying 'principle' on H aggressive lines by oppressive mea I sureB. Tho object isplain. To obtain I by means of a series of labour com '?% binations, absolute control over the in I ternal working of every warehouse, every a factory, every shop where manual labour I is employed' for any purposes whatever. 3 When the series is complete a.conclavo of | professional dictators will pull .the secret I wires and the entire -system of trade will p be paralysed. Then 'will come the hal i .cyon age of labour, whon the magnates of | ttne conclave will demand to see tho if balance-sheets of all employers, and in i eibt, by threat and intimidation, that tho f net profit shall be shared by woiikmcn. | But if the balance-sheet shows a deficit, ',, -what then? ' '? ji 2t is just as well that capitalists and [ij employers should look at their perils de H liberately. Already any combination iby | thcan for mutual defence is treated | as ;an affront, to trades-unionism. :/ An .employers' union is a crime J against trades -unionism! Tho present *j striken a proof. Regarded by tho mea I as a mcraace, the M.P.A. is to bo coerced | into submission, or crashed out of exis | tencc. Shis is done in tho name of tho ! 'rights of labour.' In such rights of f labour lies ithe peril of capital. Why do .?all proposals made here for the c&tablish-; I intent of inaaufacturing industries either '-) fai]/utterly tx .succeed slowly ? Because .capitalists are .afraid of tho 'rights- of labour','— afraid of the application of tho trades-union 'principle' of coercion'. So : wo lhave principle arrayed against pria ? ciple. In each case the principle of self ?: ? interest; but one side ignoring the : .secondary element of tho principle ',, — that aclf-interest ib relative ; it . cannot be separated from the interests , of others. Individual self-interest be ' comes selfishness when ifc disregards tho rights of othere ; it becomes cruelly sel fish when it enforces its exaggerated rights' by the'perpetration of wrong. It is wrong for workmen to'leave their employ ment . without giving legal notice ; it is, ivropg for them, when no palpable grounds of disiigreemcnt exist, to menaso and' mock tLe employers who, for many years in some coscb, have provided maintenance for them and their families; it is wrong for them to practise the despotic arts of boycott, coercion, starvation, on the. employers whom they have deserted ; it is monstrously wrong f or them to use every endeavour to ruin tradesmen whose only fault is that they try to keep their busi ness going by any available means that will enable them to pay their workman's wages and keep thsir own family pot boiling. Alvua. 