THE LONDON AND NORTH WESTERN RAILWAY COMPANY VICTIMISED. A nTTRT')iTR niRE ffiVfttn Ant* finamai f^M-Aa*uM-i4.-.l 1 London, April 12. 1889. City people, more particularly solicitors and stockbrokers, are deeply interested jnst now in the unravelling of a clever iraud which has, it is Bald, victimised the London and North- Western Railway to the extent of nearly £15,000. Tha solicitors to this great company are cute, clever men, but they have met their match in a gentleman of the came of Barton, who, despite being an absconding forger, has man aged to keep English detectives at bay In New York for nearly two years. Thia worthy is at last on his way home under an extradition warrant, and in a few days will be the central figure in a great criminal trial. The circumstances ?which have led Mr. Barton to this lamentable pass are detailed by the New Yotk Herald as follows : — A Mr. Samuel Barton held £13,000 of stock in the London and North- Western Railway Company. This amount repre sented many years of industry and frugal living, and in investing his Havings Mr. Barton displayed the foresight and prudence that had characterised his life's lartnrR- Ttoairlan fcTifa mnnan fin VinA 1MI {VM invested in North Stafford railway stock, and about £20,000 in ScInde,Panjaub,antt Delhi Btock. Altogether he was worth about £40,000 ; and when he died la 1870 he left this money to his widow and stepson sb executors npon certain trusts. The stepson had a great idea of the value of money ; indeed so great was his idea that it led him to covet the whole sum left to him and his stepmother jointly ; and once this ambition fairly took posses sion of him he commenced to devise ways and means to secure It to himself. It waa this unconquerable rapacity that led to all the trouble here and in America, and' that has placed Mr, Barton, Jan., in such aa invidious position. Mr. Barton commenced to put his plan of aggrandisement Into operation la 1874. In that year the London and North WeEtern Company began to receive trans fers, and at intervals for 11 years they re ceived Shem. They earner In in the usual way ; they were perfectly regular, and there was nothing abont them ta suggest suspicion for a moment. In 1886 the widow wrote asking how much stock there then stood In the joint names of herself and stepson, and when she received the reply that only £500 remained of the £13,000, she was justly indignant, and went imme diately to conBnlt her lawyer. As the rpHnlt. t\t ffiftt finnfapflnn.o ni- almnof Imnu. diately after It, the last transfer of all went to the-coxnpany, and a few days later the widow went to the office at Eoston and made the startling statement that all the transfers were forgeries. Examina tion proved that they were properly signed in the names of the widow, the stepson, and Mr. William Broadhorat as attesting witness. When the documents were produced the relict of Samuel Barton vehemently protested that her name had been uniformly forged hi every inatanoe. She was very properly .attended in this interview by her solicitor, and It may be presumed that gentleman had delivered to her every necessary caution that a long professional experience suggested. The transfer of the last £500 had been, executed In his office, but the circum stance for the moment Beemed to have escaped her treacherous memory, foe when Bhown this document In the soli citor's office at Euston she unhesitatingly and emphatically declared, as she had done right through the transfers of tha 11 years, that It was a forgery. 'Bab,'* promptly corrected her legal adviser, 'yoa Bigned that document In my office- last week in my presence. That cannot be a forgery.' Close scrutiny revealed the fact that the signatures to this document in every Important respect corresponded with the signatures to the other transfers. The solicitors to the London and North Western Company had become alive to the fact that they had been imposed upon by somebody, and they redoubled their exertions to probe the matter to the bottom. Further enquiries elicited the fact that the whole of the Btock in the North Stafford Company had been trans ferred. But this did not help them, much. It only tended to further compli cate matters. Then diligent search was made for the stepson. But, he naturally anticipating that some unusual anxiety wonld be felt aa to bis whereabouts, and detesting pub licity, had taken the precautionary steps to cross the Atlantic and to locate himself in America, There he lay perdn. The cervices of two English detectives from Scotland-yard were engaged, and they, proceeded to the United States, armed ?with authority, primed with particu lars, flueh with ready cash, and an unlimited scope of action before them. They had not a ghost of aa idea where Barton was Ukely to be in America; all that they did know waa that when he left England he had not a penny hi his pocket, that he had lived a gay and voluptuous life for some years, acd spent the money he had obtained by meena of the transfers, and that his move ments would be considerably hampered by the attenuated state of his pocket. With these facts the detectives set out, and their perseverance and intelligence were rewarded after several months by a lucky coup which placed Barton within their grasp, and once there the detectives did not relax their grasp. Ect it was one thing to find Barton* and another to get him transported to this country. There were many diffi culties raised by the new extradition arrangements to be overcome before that conld be done. Meanwhile the widow had brought a Chancery action against the North Stafford Railway Company, and Mr. Juetice Kay decided in favor of the lady and against the defendant com pany. Thus encouraged, Mrs. Barton brought an action againet the London and North- Western Company, but tbe reEolt cf the other trial put the company's solicitors npon the qoi vive, and th&y; msde application to have the cas« ra« moved to the cnnimou law aide, to ba tried by a jury, and in this steji they vrere successful. Tbe difficulties experienced lnge*:As» extradition proceedings carded thcoa^k were In connection with the diplomatic services in the two countries. The American people held one view, and the Sngllsh people as tenaciously clang to another. This state of things provided Barton with a chance to raise farther difficulties, and possibly afforded him a loophole of escape altogether. He was a man who had his wits about him, and he possessed a great deal of intuitive and; pugnacious ability. When he was eventually committed for extraditlonby the United States Commissioner he appealed to a court above and from there to a tribunal equal to a Divisional Court In England. The glorious uncertanties of the law were admirably illustrated in the decisions of these several courts, each court reversing the judgment of the tribunal below. The Divisional Court confirmed the order, and Barton, deter mined to lose no possible chance, appealed to the Supreme Court at Washington ; but his hopes: were nob realised here.. From the time the English detectives made Barton's acquaintance an unlucky fate had punned htm with remorseless energy. He lost his last opportunity. The judges of the highest court In the United States decided against him, and the warrant for his extradition was made ont. The action of Mrs Barton against the jLondon and North- Western Company was set down for hearing one day last week in the High Courts. The samo morning, and just as the case was being 'called,' the solicitors to the London and Noith- Western Company received the Information they had been anxiously looking for for months — 'Extradition warrant granted; we leave for England in a few daya.' The news created the greater impression because it had been eo long delayed that it had almost ceased to be expected, and because of the happy juncture of time and circumstance at which it arrived Of course an adjournment was applied for, . and of course it was instantly granted. The case assumes quite a new com plexion now. The civil proceedings will be stayed, and when the criminal proceed ings for forgery are commenced several novel and interesting points will be raised. The primary question will be : — Did Barton forge the widow's name ? and if so — and this is the point that will affect the railway company — can one executor sell persooal estate, and give a valid receipt for the .purchase-money ? Brokers In the city are watching the proceedings with intense intereBt. If the point of law goes against the company, who among them will be able to transact his business with confidence ? The immediate question to be disposed of at Bow-street is — Did Mr. Barton forge the name of his mother and the attesting witness, William Broad huret? If he did not, what are the circumstances under which Mrs. Barton wrote her name, and what haB conduced to the extraordinary lapse of memory. 