ROMAN CATHOLIC RETEEAT (bt blbctbic tsleobaph.) HOBART. Sept. 13 The annual spiritual exercise, or retreat, of the clergy in connection with the Roman CatholicChurch of the archdiocese of Hobart took place this morning at ' St. Mary's Cathedral, when there was a very large attendance. .. ^ At-:7'45ihe clergy proceeded in proces sion from the Archbishop's residence to tho cathedral, singing ? the . prescribed pBal ms for the (synodical initiation. Having arrived within the synodal -range, tho clergy, of whom there were a large number, representing several dioceses, took their respective places according to seniority His Grace 'Archbishop Murphy proceeded to thethrone, whore he was vested in fnll pontificals. Ho then walked to the foot of the altar and: celebrated the Mass of the Holy, Ghost, the officers of tho mass being in attendance on th 3 Archbishop. Dean Beechinor was assistant priest, and wore an amice lace girdle and costly red coat. The deacons of the mass were tho Rev, J, Noone, of Lafcrobo, and Rev. John Murphy of Franklin, who were similarly vested but lustead of coats wore red dalinaticB. v! I.ho first and second masters of ceremonies were Fathers Honnebry and Kelsl* respectively.. The mass proceeded in the usual way, after which Holy Communion was 'administered to the whole clergy .At, the end of tlie mass his Grace addressed a Latin discourse to the as sembled fathers on the nature of the object which brought them together. The address was pertinent of their ecclesiastical uuwKH, ana axso matters intimately con- ?- nected-with the ptoper government of their flocks; He pointed out the zeal and dili gence which they should use, all of which would tend to their salvation and the sal vation of the souls entrusted to them Ho said they were only following the custom of the early Church in holding their synods nowadays where it was possible for the clergy to meet their chief pastor. At the conclusion of the discourse, the secretary ; of the Synod, Rev. M. J. Beophinor, of Richmond, proceeded to the pulpit and read the decrees in English which were enacted at the national Synod of Sydney upwards of two vears nrrn . After this local or diocesan enactments were also read, some of which had special reference to tho question of primary intermediate, and university education as well as the education and training of the future clergy in house and ecclesiastical seminaries and colleges. At this juncture, Dean Beechinor called °L -?,_reverend Pre.late fc^ make profession of faith, to which his Grace replied, 'Ita, fiera deccrnius, et mandamus.' At the end of the profession of faith, his Grace cneehng, recited the remaining words with his hands upon the Holy Gospels, and then reverently kissed them, the cltrgy doins a similar office. Tho secretary then read i. decree regarding the Synodical examiners and mentioned the faithf ulnesB with which they were to perform their duties in examining fit candidates for Bparochial honours. The candidates were the Revs Hennebry, M. J. Beechinor, and T. Kelsh who were elected by the Archbishop and* clergy for twelve months, their appoint- ? ment being confirmed. ?? ., . ?? His; Grace 1 then intoned the Te Dcum, ' at the end of which appropriate responses ? were gxven by the, clergy. All then sang '?I^Nomincmrxah,' and -the procession -, re-tormed and marched back to th« Sacriaty. ,,,-,,,.,, '.,''. . B 1 Th^i service; wm a' most impressive on», and passed off without a hitch. ' '?*,,-- 