CORRESPONDENCE. Old Reader, Benalla.— You require a wine and spirit licence to soil ginger wine or ginger brandy. Din'GEE. — " Breathes there the man w ith sold so dead " is the opening line of Scott's Lay of llio Last Minstrel, canto vi., stanza 1. Caxiambo.— The result of tho American Hop Bitters Company's Word Contest has just been on- nounced. For tho lirst prize of 650 dol. for the greatest number of legitimate words, from the title American Hop Bitters, over 3000 lists were sent in. with totals of words per list, varying from 10 to over 33,000. The winner was John WingHeld, Victoria-parade, Melbourne, who gavo 33,050 words. For the second and third prizes tho words "incompatibility" and "consan guinity" were chosen. Tho competition was by no means so keen, and tho lists did not contain nearly so many words, 5000 being the extreme total of tho majority. The second prize, 250 dol., was awarded to Albert Long. Flinders- street east, Ado- laido, South Australia; list containing 4557 words. The third prize, 100 dob, was awarded to Miss Rose Vallins, teacher, State School No. 33, BaUorat ; list containing 3268 words. Barfold. — Byrne, a member of the Kelly gang, who was shot in tho hut at Glenrowan, was not wearing armor at the time. Tho qniy one wearing armor made from ploughshares Wits Ned Kelly, the leader, who, having left the hut, was captured in the open, St. James.— Your question is referred to the Puzzle Editor, Look for answer uext week under riddle column. Alexandra. — Tho Breeches Bible was the name given to an edition of tho Scriptures which was first printed nt Genera, by Rowland Hill, in 1560. It arose out of an unusual rendering of Genesis Hi., 7. Disfuted. — The 'Times is not the oldest of exist ing London morning newspapers. It was started in 1785, by Mr. John Walter, the grandfather of the present proprietor, under the title of the Daily Universal Jleyister, and appeared under its present designation on 1st Jnuunrv, 1768. Its centenary was recently celebrated. The Morning Dost, which is still tho recognised organ of the aristocracy, was. started in 1772, and at one time numbered among its contributors Sir James Mackintosh, S. F. Coleridge and Charles Lamb. In Ben Junn Byron refers to Coleridge's connection with this joutnnl— Coleridge ... his flighty pen Let to the Morning Dost its aristocracy. RltYLL.— A History of Australia was written by the Rev. John Bunmore Lang, and should he on- tainablo in the Public Library. codden.— After a pupil teacher has completed his courses tho rule is that lie must he appointed to a junior assistantship before ho is eligible to take charge of a fifth class school. BoonT.— 1 This firm lias factories both in Mel bourne and Sydney. The .tobacco is made from imported Virginia leaf, and is manufactured in the colony. - Clu.nif. is anxious to know when the assets of the defunct IVcst Melbourno Co-operative Store will ho distributed among the members. Tim question should he addressed to the official liquidator. Noradjuha.— The nnswer depends nltogothor on tlio terms of tho tenancy. The matter is 6no on which you had better consult a lawyer. Femina.— Tlio custom of placing the wedding ring on tlio fourth finger of the left hand is ex plained by the fact tlint in the ancient ritual of uinrriago tho ring was placed by the husband on tlio toil of the thumb of the left linnd, with tlio words, t'lii tlio liamo of tho Father;" lie then removed it to the forefinger, saying "and of tho Son then to the middle finger, adding " and of the Holy Ghost." Finally lie left it as now on tho fourth finger, with tho closing word, "Aincn," Constant Reader.— Tlio uiiu-riago is valid, but the person making a false declaration Is liable to a prosecution for perjury. A.F.W., Nowbridge.— Wo have answered this question before. The sum £19 19s. lljd. can he added to a similar ninouut, bnt you cannot multiply tho one by tho other. It (s impossible, to multiply a sum of money by another sum. Numhor ana value aro distinct abstract Idons, and cannot, with out committing a logical absurdity, be confused. To multiply is to repeat a certain number of limes, and it'is obviously impossible to bring value into the question. - Valno is nrbitraiy ; number is fixed. Put it is this way, attd the absurdity is evident : One pound is equivalent to 20 shillings, or 240 pence, or 960 farthings. Ill value there is no difference what ever, bnt what an enormous difference between multiplying by 1, 20 240, or 960. Tho so-caBed problem of multiplying £19 19s. 113d, bv tlio sauio maybe treated fractionally, considering the shil lings and pence as fractions, and tlio multiplication would read 19 959-960tli8. Tilts, though a long pro- cess, is perfectly .possible, hut tho idea ol value is entirely lost. Kyneton.— Tlio derivation of eucalvptns is front the Greek words ctt, well, and kaltiptcin, to cover. Kino is an astringent, dark reddish, nniorphous resin, which may ho obtained in a semi-fluid stato by making incisions in tho trunks oltlie trees. An I essential oil is obtained by .aqueous distillation of tlio leaves of the eucalyptus. The tincture of eucalyptus, for the preparationof which the narrow leaves are reputed to ho tlio best, lias a warm, aromatic nnd bitter tasto, somewhat liko that of cubcbs. It excites tlio flow of saliva in tho mouth, and is a powerful diaphoretic. Its administration augments the alvina evacuations, lowers arterial tension, anil lias been found ellicacious in hysteria, asthma, chorea, cerebral anremla, and more especi ally in brouchorrluca and chronic catarrh of the bladder. Ifte MELBOURNE, SATURDAY, APRIL 20. 