MISS INGRAM'S HEIRESS. By E. Charles CHAPTER VII. Continued. Leslie's face showed a fleeting vexation, but he had determined to be very patient and gentle with this sharp-tongued, forward child, and his tone was still very gentle as he replied : " Do not take offence at my words so quickly, they are kindly meant ; you asked my opinion and I gave it. I also gave my advice because you appeared to solicit it indirectly, and it did not require much perspicacity to assume that your words had reference to yourself." " You assume too much, Mr. Leslie," said Daisy coldly ; " perhaps you will think it your duty, on the strength of this assumption, to tell Aunt Margaret that I am keeping something from her." She hated herself for those words as soon as they had left her lips ; she felt they were mean, but there was something within her urging her to defend herself against the power which this man seemed bent on exercising over her, a power against which she felt herself strangely helpless. She saw that her words hurt him ; the dark colour flushed into his face and he knitted his brows slightly and was silent for a moment as if struggling with unspoken angry words ; but when he spoke again his voice was calm and friendly, nay it had almost a pleading tenderness in its deep tones : " Do not speak in that hard, flippant manner. I am sure you are not true to your own self, for surely you cannot think so meanly of me as to imagine that I would betray any confidence placed in me, much less would I repeat anything based on so slight a foundation as a more supposition of my own." Daisy was silent, she felt she owed him an apology, but she was too proud to bring herself to apologise ; why would he interfere, and overstep the bounds that she had drawn for him ? She felt moreover painfully that she had betrayed herself, and wondered what she should do next. Leslie waited for her reply, but when she remained silent, looking down on her work with a pale set face and lips severely shut, he continued still in that earnest pleading tone : " You are not frank with me. Why will you not give me your confidence when you see I am ready to become your friend ?" " Because I do not require your friendship, Mr. Leslie," said Daisy, without looking up, but flushing slightly and speaking in a low constrained voice. It flashed through her mind that it was rather singular that the nephew should have offered her his love and the uncle his friendship within a few days. If it had been vice versa, what then ? She had repulsed both offers and would have done so if the positions had been reversed - no, she would have accepted the nephew's friendship but would have refused the uncle's -- What folly ! he would never think of her in that way ; she was nothing but a refractory child in his eyes. " You refuse my friendship ?" he said after a pause. " Very well, perhaps after all you may need it some day and then you will find me ready to give it ; but meanwhile let me implore you to free yourself from the burden of concealing anything from your aunt if you have such a burden. It would pain me deeply if one, so powerful to please as you are, should sully her young soul with an approach to deceitfulness. You have a fine candid brow, Miss Margaret, oh do not let youself be tempted to brand it with falsehood and duplicity !" He spoke with passionate fervour, and there was a look in his eyes as they met hers that set her heart beating with a sudden strange and sweet emotion, but only for a moment ; in the next, anger was uppermost again ; he was excessively impertinent she thought, and his words were an insult ; all her former antagonism seemed to revive once more, and defiance flamed from her eyes and in her cheeks; but she controlled herself with a great effort, and, speaking with slow deliberation and a little mocking smile, had recourse once more to sarcasm, feeling powerless to cope with him in any other way. " You use strong words, Mr. Leslie ; really I wonder you care to stoop to a being of such an inferior order as I am. You ought to have lived in the time of the seven sages ; you would have made an excellent Diogenes, careless of the luxuries of life, going about the streets with a lantern seeking for an honest man or woman in broad daylight." Leslie's face clouded with sudden disappointment ; her childish ridicule of himself and his ideas did not hurt him ; but what struck him to the heart was the thought that his words were powerless with her, that the good he had believed hidden in her did not exist, that she was really the frivolous, heartless creature she wished him to believe her to be. His eyes rested on her with an expression of such deep sadness and pain that Daisy felt all her anger melt away suddenly ; a complete revulsion of feeling took place in her ; she had been angry with him for his interference, now she was angry with herself for resenting that interference ; had she not provoked it by her question ? " I was wrong," said Leslie at last, and his voice sounded cold and distant. " I imagined you were not true to yourself, but I see now you are what you pretend to be, shallow and heartless. Understand me well ; I am not annoyed at your petty ridicule of myself ; that I would look upon as only the outcome of childish vexatiou at my well meant but perhaps too emphatic admonitions. No; what has disappointed me is your hardness, your evident inability to feel anything but wounded vanity and self-love, and I see plainly I can do no good by speaking to you ; I only awaken in you a feeling of dislike against myself as against a too rigorous moralist. Ah, well ! it is only one more disappointment in life." His last words, changed from the previous tone of severity, were uttered with sudden depression, and Daisy felt a whole tumult of conflicting feelings rushing in upon her. She was near bursting into tears, she longed to beg his pardon, to justify herself in his eyes, she was angry and pleased, wretched and triumphant, humbled and exalted all in one. He had thought well of her, he was disappointed in her, he felt pained by this disappointment, he must be deeply interested in her after all. He had turned away from her and gone to the window, where he drew up the blind and looked out into the moon-lit garden with its black shrubs and dark shadows. Daisy longed to go to him and pour out all her pent-up feelings ; she felt that it was in her power to please him ; but she also felt a doubt whether he would believe in her any more now that she had disappointed his expectations. If she begged his pardon, implored his friendship, and she would, according to his advice, tell her aunt this very evening, would not everything be well and self-respect and peace of mind be restored ? But at this moment Miss Ingram came in again. Mr. Leslie turned at once to speak to her, and Daisy, recognising that her opportunity was lost, escaped to her own room. Here her pent-up emotions found vent in a burst of passionate tears. She was angry with herself for her rudeness, angry with Mr. Leslie for his severity, angry with Aunt Margaret for spoiling her chance of reinstating herself in the good opinion of a man whose judgment was of more importance to her than she cared to acknowledge. She could scarcely analyse her own feelings. She tried to conjure up her former antagonism and dislike to this friend of her father's, but it was a vain effort. Certain tones of his voice, a certain look in his eyes, came back to her again and again, filling her with a sense of yearning tenderness ; she was all uncertainty and bewilderment ; one thing alone she was certain of, and that was that she could not meet Miss Ingram's keen eyes and Mr Leslie's observant gaze with this tear-stained face. She undressed hastily and went to bed, and when her aunt sent Keziah to bid her come down to say good-bye to Leslie, she returned answer that she had a severe headache and had gone to bed. Miss Ingram was dumbfounded when Keziah delivered this message with a certain keen-oedged triumph. Daisy with a headache, going to bed without her bidding goodnight and refusing to obey her behest, was a now and extraordinary proof of the deterioration of the young girls of the present day. But Leslie thought he knew the reason for the girl's non-appearance. She was too deeply offended with him to care to see him again this evening. " I have blundered as I often do," he thought ratherly bitterly as he walked home, in a very different mood from the one in wrhich he had pursued his way to Five Oaks that same afternoon. "Have I been wanting in delicacy and tact?" he asked himself. " Probably so, but where there is nothing to work upon, the best intentions assisted by the most delicate tact can avail nothing. She seems to have so superficial a nature that it is impossible to stir anything in her except her wounded self-love and vanity. And Daisy lay awake and heard him go out of the house, and listened to his footsteps on the garden walk, and to the click of the garden gate, and then to the dying echoes of his tread along the footpath of the road, and when all was still she buried her face in her pillow and wept bitterly. She had refused his friendship, she had forfeited his esteem, and what was worse than all, she almost felt that she deserved this punishment. Her happy self-confidence and self-satisfaction, which had buoyed her up on all former occasions, had received a very terrible blow, but she still persuaded herself that he was too hard on her, and some of her former prejudice against him seemed to revive within her when she recalled his unsparing words ; while again, the memory of his softer tones and gentler words melted her rebellious feelings into penitent sorrow. It was all over, she thought, and if they met at all now he would not trouble himself about her any more ; and why should this grieve her so much after all CHAPTER VIII. The weather changed during the night, and when Daisy awoke on the following morning it was to the steady drip and splash of rain from the roof on to the paved yard below, and when she went to theo window the landscape was blurred by the moving mist of rain and the poplars along the fields were tossing wildly in the gusty wind. Under most circumstances the girl would have been anything but pleased at this sudden downpour, which threatened to keep her a prisoner in the house for an indefinite period, for the rain on the Channel Islands is of a very persevering character ; but now she hailed the prevailing moisture with a sense of relief, and only hoped it might continue over Saturday. Before going to sleep the night before she had come to the conclusion that two alternatives alone were open to her. Either she must tell her aunt everything before making her usual solitary walk on Saturday, or she must devise some excuse for remaining at home. Her sense of rectitude and propriety revolted against the idea of a clandestine meeting with Captain Gaudin. It was possible though not likely that he might attempt to meet her again, and she felt that she must guard against such a possibility. Now, however, having kept silent on the subject for nearly a week, she found the difficulty of broaching it greater than at first, and to this moral cowardice another feeling had supervened. She could not bear the thought that Mr. Leslie should discover that he had been right in supposing that she was keeping something from her aunt when she asked his opinion in so vague a manner, and she was certain that Miss Ingram would tell all about it and ask his advice. She was full of mauvaise honte and childish irritability ; she could not bring herself to confess her weakness to the man who thought so meanly of her, so she told herself bitterly. As to inventing a subterfuge for evading the ramble in the meadow, she felt that such a course would be even more distasteful to her. Mr. Leslie, she thought with a certain rebellious hardness, believed her to be capable of everything unworthy, but nevertheless she had not sunk low enough to demean herself by white lies. She had fallen asleep at last without coming to any definite resolution, and therefore it was that she experienced quite an impulse of gratitude towards the weather which promised to cut the Gordian knot of her difficulty. Weeks of rain followed, and it seemed as if old Pluvius was in league with Daisy Ingram, for although there were intermittent glimpses of sunshine, enabling Miss Ingram to go out, with the boots and tucked up skirts, accompanied by her niece, for a " constitutional " through muddy lanes and among dripping hedgerows. The clouds always descended again towards the end of the week, and since Daisy's last ramble in the meadows the Saturdays had always proved too wet to permit of her going out. The girl began to think that after all silence had been best, and only regretted her question to Mr Leslie. Captain Gaudin, if he was really as fickle as Miss Ingram had painted him, would have forgotten her by this time and have turned his attention to some new amusement ; and, when the weather cleared up again, the lonely ramble in the meadow might be resumed without any apprehension of new complications. Nevertheless the consciousness of withholding information from her aunt made Daisy more submissive and gentle during those weeks of dreary rain, and Miss Ingram thought that the child was changing favourably, and ascribed some of the merit in working this change to Mr. Leslie's influence. A few days after the lawyer's last visit, Miss Ingram informed her niece that she could have a little money of her own. Out of the wreck of her father's fortunes there remained, after payment of debts and expenses, the sum of £300, for which sum Mr. Leslie had, at Miss Ingram's request, found an investment at the best rate current at the present time. " You will have twelve pounds per annum," said Miss Ingram to her niece, as they sat over the endless needlework in the dingy front room. Miss Ingram always had plenty of needlework on hand, for besides making her own and Keziah's clothing she also, as we know, worked for the poor of the neighbourhood ; and as she discarded sewing-machines as being one of the modern inventions calculated to foster idleness and luxury, her hands were always busily occupied with her needle, and she was quite an adept in this particular branch of female industry. Her niece's education, she found, had been rather neglected in this respect, and she was doing her best to make up for this neglect. " You will have twelve pounds per annum," said Miss Ingram in a tone as if she were informing her niece that she was heiress to a fortune ; " and I think you ought to be able to dress very well on this." Daisy, who had no idea of the value of money, assented, and her aunt continued : " In order to teach you the management of money I shall give you a pound every month, and I hope you will learn to spend it with careful economy." Daisy thought herself almost an heiress with this magnificent prospect in view. A pound monthly seemed a great sum to her, accustomed as she was to francs and centimes, and she began forthwith to make plans for buying a number of little things. She required new boots and gloves very urgently, and she thought a new hat and dress might not be amiss. She hoped to be able to pay a dressmaker out of her fine income, for she did not approve of Aunt Margaret's style of dressmaking ; and then she had visions of a pretty mirror and some engravings for her room. She was roused from her castles-in-the-air by her aunt saying ; " As you probably have no idea about laying out money to the best advantage, and would doubtless fritter it away in useless extravagance, you will make out a list of the articles you require necessarily and submit it to my approval, after which we will go into town when time permits and buy what is required. As you will never be able to spend a pound monthly, the residue can be re- invested or devoted to works of charity ; and in this manner you will learn how frugality and care can make even a small sum go a long way." Poor Daisy ! all her fair dreams of little luxuries and fineries were dispelled by these words. She foresaw that she would have to restrict herself to what was absolutely necessary, and that even the denying herself some necessary expense for the sake of buying some little luxury would not be permitted. This little humble monthly income was her own, but to all intents and purposes it might as well have been her aunt's, laid laid out for the niece's benefit according to the aunt's rigid principles of economy. She knew by experience that it was of no use arguing the point with Miss Ingram, so she submitted with a faint "very well," and stitched away at her sewing, following her own thoughts. So Mr. Leslie had invested this money for her ; that was the business which brought him to Five Oaks the last time, Would he approve of her being obliged to dress so shabbily ? He always dressed well though plainly himself ; there was nothing shabby in his appearance, and he had once spoken of her aunt's eccentricities when reproving Daisy for ridiculing Miss Ingram's style of dressing. If he were her guardian he would probably allow her full control over the magnificent twelve polunds, and now her thoughts took another direction, and involuntarily framed themselves into outspoken words : " Aunt Margaret, how is it that Mr. Leslie has never married ?" At this abrupt question Miss Ingram lowered her spectacles and looked fixedly over them at her niece. Daisy, conscious of the irrelevancy of her question, flashed furiously and dropped her work to the floor in order to have an excuse for stooping and hiding her confusion. The ghost of a smile passed across Miss Ingram's withered face. She replaced her glasses and resumed her sewing. " He has probably not married yet because he has never found a woman worthy of his love," she said in measured tones. " I should think his idea of worthinese would be something superhuman," said Daisy bitterly. " Not at all, child ; he knows too well how imperfect we poor mortal creatures are, and he is also too conscious of his own imperfections to expect perfection in the woman he would choose for his life-companion. But what he would expect is that striving after the goodness which he makes his chief object in life. His moral standard is high, but not unattainable." " Perhaps he experienced disappointment," said Daisy, recalling Leslie's tone and look when he turned away from her saying, " Ah, well ! it is only one more disappointment in life." " Not in the way you seem to think," replied Miss Ingram. " He told me once that he had never met any woman yet whom he could love with all his heart and mind, and that unless he could do this and be loved in return, he would never marry. But I think that even if he did love, and found that the woman he loved could not enter into his ideas and share the work to which he devotes so much of his life, he would sacrifice his love rather than his mission. No, he has never been disappointed in love," added Miss Ingram reflectively, after a pause. " I trust such will never be his fate \- he deserves a better one." She was silent for a while, gazing thoughtfully at the young girl, who sat sewing, also in silence, and then she added, as if struck by a sudden idea : " He may have been disappointed in other ways. He may have felt interested in or attracted by people occasionally, and have been disappointed in his expectations of their character." Daisy said no more about Mr. Leslie. She had heard all she cared to hear. It pleased her somehow that he had never been in love, but she was saddened by the thought that she had been one of those in whom he had felt interested and who had disappointed him. "He expects too much," she told herself, and recalling the scene in the parlour of Ashley was wormwood and gall to her. She could never think of it without a feeling of self-accusation ; she could never think of Norman Leslie without feeling sore and bruised in spirit. Against these feelings her her defiant pride was powerless. " What does it matter ? he is nothing to me," she would say impatiently, but a secret voice in her heart seemed to cry to him : " Forgive me for having hurt and disappointed you ; forgive me and try me once more." But that evening Miss Ingram, in the solitude of her room, unlocked a certain box in which she kept valuable papers and looked through her will thoughtfully. " Some day I will make a new one," she said to herself, and then she locked it away again, and sat for a long time time in deep thought. The rain had spent itself at last, and the golden sunshine glittered on the fresh fields and meadows once more. The hawthorn hedges, rifled of their snowy bloom, were now clothed with rich verdure ; the purple digitalis and blue harebell, the bright foxglove, the golden-yellow ragwort, and delicate "ragged robin" had taken had taken the place of the daffodils and primroses in the meadows. The young fledgelings were trying their wings, and here and there the parent birds was already thinking of building their second nest. On a bright Saturday afternoon, Daisy was once more in her favourite meadow. Springtide had now fully merged into the fuller bloom of summer, and it seemed to the girl as if she too had merged into womanhood since her last visit to this peaceful retreat. Her light-hearted childish buoyancy seemed to have left her and a new seriousness had taken its place. Was it the influence of those grave weeks of rain during which she had sat so much with her aunt ; was it the weight that still rested on her conscience ; or was it the memory of a deep pleading voice and gravely beseeching eyes haunting her so persistently, that had changed the frivolous, selfish child into the semblance of graver womanhood ? She could not tell, but as she strolled slowly through the flowering meadow, gathering a nosegay for her aunt, the dancing sunbeams, the songs of the birds, and the fresh breath of the breeze seemed to chase away the gloom that had oppressed her ; youth is so impressionable to the influences of nature and she felt something of her former light heartedness returning to her. She was walking along slowly, stopping every now and then to gather some flowers and humming the refrain of a little French ditty, when happening to look up she saw a slim figure in grey approaching rapidly across the meadow and recognised Captain Gaudin. Her first impulse was to turn back and walk home, but he was already so near to her that such a proceeding would have been useless. He would soon have overtaken her, and why should she let him think that she was afraid of him ? And while she was still hesitating what course to pursue he had come up to her, his dark eyes and regular features all in a glow of pleasure, and was raising his cap from his glossy curls. " At last ! " he said, holding out his ungloved right hand while his gloves and cap were in his left. " At last ! I thought the tiresome rain would never cease. Do you know that I was foolish enough to come here Saturday after Saturday in the drenching rain, not of course in the hope of meeting you, but just to be in the spot where we had last met." He beamed upon her with his brightest smile, and his manner was perfectly free from embarrassment. It was evident that the memory of their last interview was not painful to him. Daisy herself was quite at a loss how to act ; if he was satisfied to remain on a footing of bon camaraderie it would be very well. His manner was easy enough, but it was rather beyond friendship to revisit so persistently the place where he had seen her last and this when the downpour ought to have quenched his ardour. She gave him the tips of her fingers for a moment and said stiffly : " It was wrong of you to come today, Captain Gaudin. You remember I told you Aunt Margaret would not approve of my meeting you, and had I known that you would have been here I should certainly not have come." " And did you really think that I would give up the chance of seeing you so readily ?" asked Arthur warmly. " I have thought of nothing night and day since I saw you last but of meeting you again. We were to be friends, you know ; what harm can there be in two friends meeting in this pleasant little spot ?" " As long as my aunt does not know of it there must be harm in it," said Daisy decisively. " And now I must beg you not to detain me any longer. I must go home at once." Arthur had been anxious to ascertain whether Miss Ingram had been told of his meeting with Daisy, and now that he knew that the girl had kept the little adventure to herself (for she had implied as much by her last words), he felt it a point in his favour. It would be just as well if Miss Ingram knew nothing about this little love affair until matters were settled between him and Daisy. He interpreted the constraint in the girl's manner favourably, and he had long determined the course he would pursue. " Only one moment," he said beseechingly, and his velvety eyes were full of respectful tenderness. " I must speak to to you for once, and if you will only listen to me patiently, I promise on my word of honour never to molest you any more." Daisy, who had been turning to go, arrested her steps, and looked at him ; the glamour of his youthful beauty was upon her, and besides, what did it matter now that they had met whether they were together a few minutes more or less ? Miss lngram would be told everything when home was reached again, and it did seem to refuse to listen to that pleading voice so powerful in its very humility. " I hope you are not going to repeat what you said last time," she said, trying to speak with dignity and composure, though she felt nervous and flustered. " I cannot listen to you if you do, for it is nothing but folly on your part, and I am sure if you did not see me for a while you would soon forget me." The childish assumption of dignity and superiority would have amused Arthur immensely had he not been so much in earnest. As it was, her words inspired him with hope ; there was clearly a faint tenderness and pity in her heart for him, and this might be fanned into a flame. " You call my love a folly," he said, " and so doubtless it is if you cannot return it, but it is a folly that will last through all my life and which absence only seems to strengthen. " Daisy," he exclaimed, suddenly changing his tone of forced calmness to one of great consternation. " It seems that you wish to drive me to misery and despair. You have offered me friendship, but I can not be content with that. I love you passionately. I have never known what love was till now, and during these dreary weeks of rain and storm I have learnt how powerful my attachment to you is. If you will accept my life-long devotion I will make you as happy as unwavering love can make you. You will become my good genius ; but if you cast me from you, you will make me a wild and reckless man. I shall exchange into another regiment and go away to the Cape or India, or anywhere to escape the torture of seeing your fair cruel face. It will break my mother's heart, but it will be less hard for her than to see me going to ruin before her eyes, and all because you will not give me one little word of encouragement !" Daisy was shaken and startled by his vehemence. The pale face, the burning eyes, the ring of reproachful pain and passion in the voice, all thrilled through her nerves with a new and terrible power. A rush of pitying love seemed to sweep her away. How hard it must be to love without return ! She looked up at him with tearful eyes and trembling lips : " You make me very unhappy," she said tremulously, " but I cannot help you." " Yes, you can," said Arthur eagerly ; " you can, but you will not. Think of the power that is in your hands ; think of it, Daisy - the ruin or salvation of a man's life ; can you accept the responsibility of driving me from you hopeless and desperate." " What can I do ?" faltered Daisy. She felt terribly guilty ; how indeed could she bear to accept such a responsibility ? Mrs. Gaudin's reproachful face seemed to rise before her - was she to make two people wretched ? A romantic sense of self-sacrifice pervaded her whole being ; she hesitated, looking up at the handsome, agitated face above her, and Arthur saw his advantage and pressed it : " Only say that you will try to love me," he said softly ; " you do not know what love is, why should I not teach you to know it. You have never loved yet, why should I not be the one to win your love ? I will be very patient if you will only try to love me a little, and let me try to win your love." " I will try," she murmured. All her little airs had left her, and with her moist hazel eyes, the pretty resolute lips relaxing into soft tremulousness, with the delicate flush on her cheeks, and the shy pitying tenderness in her whole face and attitude, she looked a mere child, and Arthur could scarcely refrain from taking her in his arms and kissing that sweet young face. He felt that he really loved her passionately, and would be ready to do anything she wished except give up the hope of winning her. He contented himself however with taking her hand and kissing it. He had gained more than he had dared to hope in so short a time, and he was afraid of losing his advantage by impetuous tenderness. But as he bent his head over the little hand, and just as his lips had touched it, Daisy uttered a sudden exclamation and started back from him, hastily snatching her hand away. He looked up in astonishment, and following the direction of her eyes, beheld his uncle standing in the opening in the hedge through which he himself had entered the meadow a little while ago. Never before had Arthur Gaudin seen such a stern pallor in his uncle's face, and for one moment a sense of confusion kept him silent and motionless, while their eyes met with a look of mutual surprise. Norman Leslie's gaze was full of questioning severity. Arthur's was guilty and embarrassed. Leslie was the first to speak ; a few steps brought him up to his nephew. " Be kind enough to explain," he said. His voice sounder deeper than usual and his tone was stern and clear-edged. " With the greatest pleasure," replied Captain Gaudin, who had recovered his composure and taken his decision. " Allow me to introduce you to my future wife, uncle. Miss Daisy Ingram has made me supremely happy by promising to try to love me a little which I have the confidence to hope will be fulfilled beyond my expectations." Daisy stood immovable, and white as the briar-rose at her belt. She was surprised at Arthur's coolness, but he was evidently master of thle situation, and she could not contradict his assertion. Had she not promised to try to love him, and what was that but a conditional promise of becoming his wife at some future time ? She did not feel angry at his calm assumption and mastership ; she was compromised, and this was the only way in which he could explain the situation to his uncle. "I presume you have Miss Ingram's approval," said Leslie, still addressing Arthur. After the first gaze of stern surprise which had included her as well as Arthur, he had not looked at Daisy again. " I intend seeking it tomorrow," said Arthur. " I do not think she will withhold her consent to our engagement, and I trust, uncle, you will become our ally and plead our case with Daisy's aunt. I know you occupy a high position in her esteem." Arthur spoke lightly, but his eyes were fixed anxiously on his uncle's face, inscrutable in its stern gravity, " Do not count on my assistance," he replied icily. " You should have asked Miss Ingram's permission to court her niece before proceeding any further. For the rest, all I have to say is that I shall expect you to make your communication to her with as little delay as possible ; and," he added, looking towards Daisy, " I advise the young lady to do the same." The scornful gleam of his deep, steel grey eyes seemed to scorch the girl. She understood at once that he was thinking of their last conversation, and that he concluded that this was the secret of which she had been anxious, and reluctant to confess to her aunt. She also thought that doubtless he imagined this meeting to be pre- arranged, and possibly inferred from Arthur's familiarity that there had been many such clandestine meetings. It was a very bitter moment for her, but pride came to her assistance, and her voice was cool and her manner collected as she replied : " I shall do what I consider proper, and for the present I wish you both good evening ;" and she turned away and walked off, her head erect and her slight figure drawn up proudly, while all the time her whole frame was tingling with mortification and passionate regret. Had she but told her aunt sooner, everything might have been avoided. Her sins were visited on her head most bitterly ; she had thought Mr Leslie could not have a worse opinion of her than he had after their last conversation, but here was something that must make him scorn her with all the disgust that such an upright, truthful nature as his would feel for deception and falsehood. Arthur moved mechanically as if to follow her, but Leslie arrested his movement, saying peremptorily : " You need not accompany Miss Ingram at present. It will be best to let her make her confession alone first, and you can make yours tomorrow. For the present, I wish to speak a few words with you. Shall we walk homewards ? " " Very well," said Captain Gaudin, curtly. He was nettled at the peremptoriness of his uncle's manner, but his obligations to that uncle were too great to admit of resistance to his authority. He felt himself in for a lecture, and walked on in silence waiting for the thunderbolt to fall. Leslie, however, seemed in no hurry to begin the conversation again, and they continued their way without a word being spoken until the meadows and lanes had been left behind and they were out on the high road once more. Here as they walked slowly past the summer villas, whose trim gardens peeped out here and there through the tall iron gates, and whose June roses filled the air with a delicate perfume, Leslie at length opened the conversation by asking abruptly : " How long has this sort of thing been going on ?" " What sort of thing ? " asked Arthur, determined to be obtuse and irresponsive. " You know what I mean," replied his uncle sternly," and I expect you to answer my questions in a straightforward manner. I mean, how long has this affair between Miss Ingram's niece and yourself been going on ?" " If you mean how long it is since I first fell in love with her," said Arthur, excessively annoyed at what he considered his uncle's unwarrantable interference, " I can only say that I have loved her since the day --" " I do not wish to hear anything about the development of your tender passion," said Leslie scornfully. " I know you have a wonderful capacity for falling in love with every pretty face you see, but that is not the point at issue. What I desire to know is since when have you been in the habit of meeting Miss Margaret Ingram the younger in this clandestine manner ?" " This was the second time," said Arthur, sulkily. " You have been making good use of your time then," said his uncle, bitterly. " I know you are an adept in love-making, but this I imagine is the quickest success on record." Arthur made no reply ; he perceived that Leslie was very angry and he was rather at a loss to understand why he should be so. " Of course it would have been more correct to have asked Miss Ingram's leave to court her niece, but foreseeing that she would not grant this permission, he had thought it bit best to secure Daisy's affection first. What was wrong in that ? All is fair in love or war. To Be Continued. 