AQUATICS Markwell Cup Sailing Race. BY TELL TALE. The second handicap race for the Markwell Cup between boats connected with the Brisbane Sailing Club took place on Saturday afternoon, the course being from the Hamilton to King Island. Tho conditions imposed on competitors for this trophy an> that it has to be tailed for three times, and the boat scoring the largest number of points wiua the cap. The first boat in each race scores five points, the second two, and the third one. In the first race the Hine moa was first, the Lassie second, and the Harriette Ann third. The result of Saturday's race was that the Lassie won, while the Hine moa was second, and the Sabrina third, thus giving the Lassie and Hinemoa an equal num ber of points to their credit. The trrangements for Saturday's race were that if tho wind was from the north- cast the course was to be round the File Lighthouse and outside St. Helena and Green Islands to King Island; if south-east, via tho Boat Passage to Kintr Island. Shortly before the start tho wind was from the east, but it shortly afterwards veered round to the south-east, and was found to be a true south easter outside, and blowing nice and fresh. The order was given by the starter (Mr. C. B. Lilley) to take the Boat Passage courao. The Btart was a flying one, the signal being tho hoisting of a flag at the boat club's shed five minutes before the start, and the lowering of it at the appointed time for starting (2.30 p.m.). This arrangement proved far less satisfactory than the firing of two guns at the times stated, with the hoisting of a preliminary flag a quarter of an hour before the start, would have been. Most of the skippers of the competing boats were either too careless or too busily engaged to notice the hoisting of the flag, and with some of them it was hoisted and lowered again before they had seen it. The result was an unsatisfactory start, but it was not the fault of the starter. The boats competing were the Harriette Ann, 36ft., Mr. C. Palmer, scratoh; the Hinemoa, 28ft., Mr. Wetherill, 15min.; the Lassie, 25ft., Mr. R. H. Lawson, ldmin.; Fiona, 22ft., Mr. Harris, 18mln.; Sabrina, 20ft., Mr. J. Tolson, 25min.; and the Pelioan, Mr. Vidgen, 40min. TheYapina, 15min., and the Spray, 2)rain., did not start. The Lassie's crew being the most vigilant in looking out for the starting flag, which was lowered punctually to time, got about fire minutes' start of the other boats. The Hinemoa and Harriette Ann got away on pretty even terms, but the latter lost some time in picking iip a late member of her crew after the btart. The smaller fry also got away pretty nearly at the same time, but the Fiona, oeing badly handled, was soon out of it. The Lassie, if anything, increased her lead down the river, and nothing ever got near her. The Hinemoa, sailing re markably well, was chased down the Hamilton and Lytton Beaches by the Harriette Ann, the latter off the Powder Magazine setting a large •,'^jsail, which, however, as the wind was then east, did her no good. She got nearly even with the Hinemoa off Lytton, but as it was then low tide and she had not the ghost of a chance of getting through the Boat Passage, she squared away for Bribie on a pleasure cruise. The other boats had then straggled out a good way astern. No material alteration took place in the stiff thrash over to King Island against a south-easter, and the order of finishing was, according to official time: — Lassie, 5.28 p.m.; Hinemoa, 5.36; Sabrina, 5.52; Pelioan, G. 2; Fionn, G. 9. The actual difference between the Lassie and Hine moa at the finish was about eleven minutes, as, owing to the umpire's boat not having arrived, the former's time was taken when she brought up, while the Hine moa's time was taken from a line considerably more to windward. A first-clasa yacht race (wired our Sydney correspondent on Monday last), under the auspices of the Royal Sydney Yacht Squadron, was sailed on Saturday over a course about thirty three miles in length for ft prize of £25. The competitors were the Era and the Volunteer. The Era sailed from scratch, but the Volunteer was allowed Ctnin. 4sec. The course embraced ten miles outeide the heads. Just an both yaohts entered the heads the topmast of the Volunteer carried away and the E^a.won, with lmin. OOeec. to spare. 