The Hereditary Influences of Alcohol. A lecture delivered by Jessie A. Fowler. I feel this afternoon that we have come to discuss a very important subject, one that ladies should be willing -for the benefit of the inexperienced-lo ventilate fully and freely, one that needs studying so that delicate mothers may have the courage to educate dectors who order them stimulants. Heredity is the sum of ali the ancestral forces plus life, Life is the unknown quantity, the imponderable force entering into all inheritance, God's plan for each indiv idual, the origin of which comes from the Creator and returns to him. Heredity culminates in the individual 1\. -Wherever we find life we find heredity. 2\. -Whatever affects life affects heredity. 3\. -Wherever we (ind lile, we find either beautiful or diseased inheritance. In examining this many-sided question we must first arrange the direct influences that are brought tn bear upon heredity, and then look at some of the subsidiary influences at work, for it is our present object to point out as clearly as possible, not so much our duty to God and to ourselves, important though these be, but our duty to our children. We need not tell you in this enlightened day that each has an influence, for you all know it. But we must speak of our p~rlicular influences with regard lo posteritv and hereditary is.ues, and apply the redemptive truths of science and observation through telling facts. If the race is to be raised or lifted permanently, it must be lifted on both its sides. Its physical side must be studied and attended to as well as its moral, by natural laws as well as by spiritual ones, and we want to see it lifted by the influence of steady sober parentage. We want to see the impress of virture and temperance handed down from parent to child, instead of passion, imperfections, and vice. Cleverer minds than mine have pointed out that intellectual parents, u ho have advanced their own natures, controlled them by the highest re straints, and fashioned them to the highest purposes, can hand on the advantages and place iheir children upon higher levels than themselves. By obedience to natural laws they can not only improve themselves but also their race after them, and surely this is an inspiring task of every parent. To prove our first and second assertions-" Wherever we find life we find heredity, " and " Whatever affects life affects heredity"-we must endeavour to prove that the great tendency of heredity is, " that like produces like." In all Nature, go where you will, you find Nature repeats herself. Tims we find the apple tree reproduces the apple tree, the gum tree ihe gu n iree ; and in the animal kingdom, the lion ihe bon, the same as in the highest animal-man- Ihe Jew the Jew, the Chinese the Chinese, the Negio the Negro, to-day, the same as cen turies ago. You have only to pass through the picture galleries ol old English families to notice how similarities are handed down. The same type of nose, curve of lip, expression of tye, high forehead, can be traced from one generation to another ; so can our laugh, talk, tone of voice, gesture, modes of work, habits of life, as well as our tempers and line mental powers, our memories and . perceptive abilities, our weak and strong wills, and our arithmetical, musical, ano! dramatic genius. We also find the law of heredity is seen in disease, such as gout, pulmonary consumption, cancer, scrofula, syphilis, asthma, cataract, epilepsy, insanity, and dipso mania, which appear at intervals, and sometimes in alternate generations, but which by care can be averted toa large extent. We also find that intellectual and moral influences are also transmitted, and blossom from families of strong mental and moral constitutions. In judges, their gifts descend. Dr Wendell Holmes aptly says of Ralph Ward Emerson, " No such personality as this came out of a cheap paternity and a shallow mother hood. Eight generations of ministers preceded the advent of this prophet of our time. Lord Macaulay, Darwin, and IL W. Beecher were flowers of a family plant which in previous centuries received proper devel opment along the line ol natural endowment. The mothers ol Abraham Lincoln, Dickens, Napoleon, Wellington, Franklin, and C. Kingsley show us that-as in the vegetable and animal kingdom-good fruit can only come from healthy stock. So while on one hand there can be no doubt that parents transmit their own high moral principle, on the other hand parents transmit their own want of principle, and overcloud the lives of their offspring, by making virtue a continual struggle and laxity a perpetual inclin ation. The sins ol the fathers are visited upon the children unto the third and fourth generation. But I thank God there is a brighter side, and let us hope a purer race will take our places as morality reigns and age shall pass on to age, to aid its fresh advancement. We come now to examine the modifications of the law that " like produce like, " that are found in certain sur roundings and conditions under which children are bora. Many people express surprise that children vary so in one family. They forget, ordo not see the changes that are constantly taking place in the mother and father, at twenty, thirty, or forty years of age, when the appear ance, disposition, and moral traits are very different. One child may be frank and generous, another cold, petulant and unfeeling ; one may lie clever, bright-eyed, sweet-tempered and full-browed, another may be dull and slow ; one may be agile, and another heavy ; one born to rule, another to serve, in the same family. How is it that all do not show the same intellectual and moral development ? A thousand influences are at work, and drink-alcoholic drink-is one of them. The temporary state of the parent is reflected in the child. The nature lifted by a momentary joy, a transparent aspiration, a passing chivalry, will transmit itself. The tidal wave of feeling, if it comes but for a day, will land the new life higher on the shore of grace and perfection, as I could give case after case to prove. But the opposite is also true. The nature temporarily intoxicated will do the same. The child of the one begotten in the midst of au indulgence in drink will catch the taint and bear the maik upon his inmost life. Drunkenness has a triple effect upon posterity, it cor rupts the blood, brutalises the character, and even delorms the rising generations. Hereditary alcoholism has been repeatedly transmitted by one and sometimes by the other of the parents who are drinkers, and some times both. The inheritor of such a taint, as well as the drinker, can hand down not only his own thirst, but a special morbid tendency. Alcohfdic inheritance may at fust be dormant, it may show in infancy, or later, in congenital paralysis convulsions, epilepsy, idiocy, the hydrocéphalie head, insanity ; and the increase of suicides and crimes are largely the result o[ hereditary alcoholism. Dr. Carpenter states that out of 359 idiots, the condition of whose parents it was possible to trace, op were found to be children cf habitual drunkards and a large proportion of the others were more or less intem perate. Ur. Howe staled that in the State of Massachusetts out of 300 idiots 145, or nearly half, were found to be the children of habitual drunkards. Dr. Lender, of frunce, wrote that six'y per cent, ofall idiots and inebriates in Europe came from drunken ancestors. Dr. Michet claimed that on the Continent a much larger proportion of insane and defective classes came from inebriate parents than from any other cause. How often we find that syphilis and diunkene-a in the parents often cause idiocy in the child "r m-anitv in the adult offspring. Suicide or madness is the natural end of a morbidly sensitive nature with a weak or P-ebic will power, which incapacitates the possessor to ba'tle with the stern reality of life. Hydrocéphalie children are the frer]Uent results of the combination of inherited diseases -diseases so often brought about by alcoholic drink. Like poor Hartley Coleridge, a man may be haunted by an u nconcpierable appetite for strong drink and, in spite of alibis care, his inherited thirst, rising like .1 flood, may buist every barrier of Ins virtue and wreck his life. lonee saw a young girl whose face was comely, but asl looked at her I was conscious of an inexplicable vacancy. What caused her to be thus ? lier father! who, pressed by a temporary care, sought a tempornry refuge in one fatal debauch. Mothers, have you not noticed the same thing and have tailed to understand the cause ? In the future examine closely facts and causes -causes and their effects-and make notes of personal facts for the benefit of others. The hirth of a child means the launching of a soul, not only upon the broken waters of the present, but also on the still vaster oceans of the future. Have you ever noticed the careful advice given to Manoah by the angel as to the behaviour of Samson's mother? She was. during those watching, waiting, life- giving days, " to drink no wine or strong drink, and to eat no unclean food." She was to gimo! the coming of the lesser lile, the life she fed. by defend ing and sanctifying her own. Oh ! would that our modern mothers would learn a lesson from her. Let me tell you of one strong proof of hereditary bias and influence. The fact was told by a minister who once stayed at the house of a lady nt that time acting as se.retary of one of our Southern Temperance Societies. She was a lady of unusual refinement and culture, and of unusual delicacy of nature. At the time he saw her, her mind was healthful, her imagination vivid, and life seemed to he fairly bright to her. She was the mother of five children, three of whom-the second and the two youngest-were in marked contras; 10 herself. They were dull, unimaginative and peevish, their expres- ion sour, fretful and languid. They were children m whom no mother could take a narnu', pille, however much she might love them. T e fir-l a.,,1 tbh-d were '.nip,: and happy, lu i-ey.d and attractive, nod their ex, p-sion gay, their disposition buoyant, and rle ir iormina ion keen. He wondered what made the difference. I le feb that there was a life history behind. Tn his evening address he had aduded to the hereditary effects of alcohol, and to the blas! it cast upon many of the young, not only tainting them in the initial moment of their lives, but overshadowing them through their pre-natal days. After the lecture, seizing a moment when they were alone, his hostess rem:c !:c Î dint a portion of hb address had come home lo lier v<-"v poiui<-dlv. " In my o.vn children, !' she said, vmi ha\e a living proof of the trudi of my words. Up io the bi 'di of mv eldest child my husband was manly, sober, mi'] affectionate, and the child given to us was brigid, cheery, and capable. Then he snnk into intemperance, neglected his home and me. indeed lie became very unkind and violent. A fi er l'*ng night- of weary struggle, oí nightly apprension and daily bitterness, our second child was horn, dull, weary and peevish. Then came a period of reform and renewed affection, renewed hope. For some time, possibly a year before tile third chile) was born, my husband was a sober man. The child was like the first-bright, helpful, gifted. Then the shadow returned. My husband fell again, and the last two were bom in years of misery and pain, Xo wonder they are what they are." Xo wonder indeed, vii en the mother's nature was constantly disturbed, agitated, and beclouded. What heart could hone, what eye could kin lie with joy, what intellectual brightness could come from such surroundings ? lt is sad lo think that comparatively few parents realise, care to know, or think about their responsibility. They seem to prefer to take things as they come, rather than examine ihe enormous amount of harm that is done to their offs!-ring bv th'* habitual use of intoxica ting drinks fm their part. In so many cases the parent's present pleasures aie considered of moie moment than i the future of their child. They hear not the voice of the ' degraded boy or girl, in the far off future, then developed I into the man or woman, and simply obey the tempting voice that says, " Take thy fill, indulge thee, and rejoice." How readily they hear this voice, but at what j cost ? Vdrst, probably, at the cost of their own souls, i and secondly the cost of the souls of their children. To the mother, then, let me sound the trumpet of warning. Do not touch the cup that you are not sure of, abstain ! for your own sake and for the sake of that bright-eyed babe. To the father we say, Do not touch the cup which holds so much hidden evil, you will feel repaid someday for your abstinence. It is unnecessary for us to discuss here the old arguments, which are worn out, in favour of the use of intoxicating drinks tor nursing mothers. Dr. Kerr, Dr. Richardson, Dr. Carpenter, 1 )r. Edmonds, and many other well-known medical gentlemen, have already answered them biby and exhaustively. We have only to look around at the happy homes, with thriving, healthy children, bearing witness to the fact that children are better, both physically and morally, whose parents are total abstainers. Eel me give you a case that came before a city missionary, a ease to prove that the use of intoxicating drinks on the part of young parents may transmit a thirst, and in many rases even a stronger one in the child than is shown in the parent. A boy was brought up by parents who had always habitually taken al coho1. lie grew up and was beloved by evvry one whokn-'w him, until as a young man he began to mix with older and faster companions. Ile had a strong liking for di ink and became at that time of his life ¡vhich af1 er J hm^th of tim«-, persuaded to sign ihe pledge, aii'i lin - le kept for Lwenty-liv^ years, lived a married lite worthy of any man, ant hada hap.-; home. A severe illness brought him to within a lew hours of death, during which time he raved strongly for drink, and noihing but alcoholic drink could satisfy him. The smallest drop of brandy was given to him to endeavour to stop his craving. On tasting it he smacked his lips with evident pleasure, murmuring the words, "nice, nice," and wished for more, and thus he died craving lor strong drink. Could this have heen other than inherited thirst ? Some say lhai this craving was the evident outcome of his former intemperate habits, hut T maintain it was not so. Jt does not follow thal, because a man was attacked by typhoid fever in his younger dnys, that after twenty-five years he will sicken and die of the same fever, it takes more than the early dissipated life of stich a man, after twenty-five years of total abstinence, to j;ive him a strong madness for drink on his death bed. The desire for drink was inborn, he had withstood it with the help of God for twentv-five years, and it was only in bodily weakness that the desire came again. We must not look at the few families where drink has been habitually taken for many generations, and yet no harm has come to the children, hut we must examine the countless numbers who have perished by drink, and a^k ourselves how many of these may have had the thirst for drink sown in them by their parents. One case more and then we will do>e our remarks. A family in Yorkshire is a sad instance of the influence of heredity. A gentleman put his nephew in a business which proved a successful one. Unfortunately tie began to drink. He had a family of five sons and three daughters. He continued to drink, and his wife with him, until he died through it, and within the same week she died from the same cause, ami was buried with hin. The children were encouraged to drink and kept it in their bedrooms. The eldest son took to drinking hard, and drank all day and far into the night. He was taken up in London and sent to the workhouse. The second likewise drank, and finally shot himself. The third went mad through drink. The fifth son and the eldest daughter are follow ing the footsteps of the first son, and art heavy drinkers. The fourth son and second daughter are temperate, and take no alcoholic stimulants, and are the bright exceptions of the family, and are doing well. The youngest daughter, as a very little girl, was asking for wine at the table, when the father said, "you have had enough ;" the child replied, I have only had three glasses." What a singularly impressive responsibility hangs over that parentage. Parents can so lift the generations alter them until the coming man and woman shall stand objects ot beauty, rich in gifts, unique in power, and pureas the snows of heaven, for we find into our life are woven many ancestral characteristics, and human progress and a pre-eminent civilisation are assured because of this law. It was once held as a theory that individual life was isolated, and that there was no law by which genius as well as other human characteristics could be transmitted, but the very forgotten dead, like Hamlet's Ghost, stalk the streets, reminding us of that thought, Young children gather as their own The harvest which the dead have sown The dead forgotten and unknown. Tn this nine'eenth century have come the vices of all the bygone g<\- icai;"'.] .. .nd 'hr w.,ik "i iv finn i-; tediously slow. R;.d--in_- li ,-^er ,.- foi* law <>f heredity, we shall \vA M>lve ¡he pi'wMem of universal civilisation until we obey the laws ol hfe. 