The Railway Gliost. At (ho Citj Polico Court this morning, George Woods,' a youtb, appeared in answer to a charge of having stolon a chequo for £7 14b. 2d., belonging to the Railway Department, on September 28 last. Mr. Long appeared for the defer ce. :; .Richard William Curtis, railway arbitrator, deposed that on September 28 last he wrote out a cheque, amongst others, aid left it in an envelope en his office table. Ho addressed the envelope to Messrs. (Jarow, U-ardner, and Billington. He had not seen the chequo eioce. Had it been presented, it would have bot-n paid. Payment was stopped from Thursday. He never authorised the accused or anyone elao to open that envelope and abstraot tho contents Edward John Carroll, denpatoh olerk in the Bailway Commissioners' office, stated that the accused was message boy in the office. It was his duty, amongst others, to copy and post let'ers. On tho 30th the accused was in the office. The last witness wan also at tho office. Witness on that day assisted the last witness to affix Btamps on some letters he had for the post. The letters were loft in the pigeonhole for post. He afterwaids eaw the accused come and take all the letters. A few days af tar addressing these letters witness had a conversation with Mr. Curtis, and in consequence of which he spoke to the defendant, and asked him if he remembeled posting any letters on the 30th. He mentioned posting one to Messrs. Caiow, Gardner, and Billington. This he was positive of. Dy Mr. Long : He did not oxamine tho envelopes minutely to see if they were properly sealed. Several other clerks have access to hist office. There is a olerk named Fitz goiald in the eamo department, he per forms his, work with witness. In the performance of his work he is to be in aU the time. Ho was satisfied that the six letters re ferred to by Mr. Curtis were in the pigeonhole when the defendant took out the letters for post. Witness noticed the six letters, as the other letters were in largo offioial envelopes. Harry Jordan, ledgerkeeper in the Aus tralian Joint Bank, Brisbane, stated that Mr. Curtis has an account in tho bank. In oonso quence of something he heard ho seirchod his account. A cheque signed by him for £7 14s. 2d. has not been presented to the bank, payable to Messrs. Garew, Gardnor, and Billington. Robert Henderson, accountant to UoBsrs. Carew, Gardner, and Billington, merchants, in Edward street, Brisbane, stated that Mr. Curtis was indebted to them for tho amount £7 14s 2d. That amount had not yet beon roceived. Edward Wren, messenger iu the Mim.fi and Works Department stated that on September 30 last ho accompanied the oooused to tho Post Office. Witness went to get his letters, and tho de fendant went in the opposite direotion. After getting hia lettnrs, tho defendant said he had pioked up a aheque for £7 14b. 2d. Ho said to witness, ' you go and cash it, and I will give you £&.' He handed witness tho cheque, who examinod the signature, when he said he would not. Defendant propopod going to Potria terrace in' the evening when they would s;et it cashed. To this witness again ref uBed. They, after a conversation, went up to their respective of&ocs.; On the way up the acousod lore a bill up. Tho billhead was that of Caiow, Gardner, and Billington, and it oIbo bore the name of Mr. Curtis. In tho afternoon they wentto Parliament House, where they met with a boy named Corrigau. The three boyB went down Albert street, where they wanted Corrigan to cash tho cheque at a Chinaman's shop. This he flatly refused to do. Tbo boys then parted. Corroborative evidenoe was given by Andrew Hoirigan and Victor Corrijran. . The accused was remanded until Thursday. 