[?] Kit and Kitty. By R. D. BLACKMORE. Chapter XXXVII.- COLD COMFORT. In the calm May night, I left my desolate home, to learn tbe canEe and meaning of its desolation. Some ' men might have doubted whether it was worth their «7-.iio tn h-nnp t.he dark EteDS of their own reproach. From what I had seen even now, I knew that my wife had left me of her own accord. There was not the smallest sign of ttruggle or disorder anywhere; nothing whatever to suggest that any compulsion had been used, or even that any stranger's 'foot had crosEei our humble threshol \ Of this I should learn more by daylight ; and I i'/ok care not to slur the chance, by even treading tho mtle path that led to the old door in the wall: '1 i.ere was a grass edging to that path, betwixt it and a row of espalier apple: trees in full bloom now; and along that grass I made my way, with a bull's-eye lamp in my hand, as far as the leaden-coloured door, of which old Tabbv had asked a few hours ago. Without stepping in front of that door, I threw the strong light [ upon it, and perceived at once that it had been opened j recently. It was now unbolted and unlocked, and kept i shut only by the old thumb-latch. This I lifted, and j stepped outside, keeping close to the polt, so as not to i meddle with any footprints, within or without. Then I , cast my light on the dust outside, for the weather had | lately been quite dry ; and there I saw distinctly the ! impress of my darling's foot. I could swear to it among ten thousand, with its delicate spriDgy curves; for her feet in their boots had the shapely arch and rise ! of a small ox-tongue; and ladies did not wear peg-hcels :- then, to make flat feet Beem vaulted. j By the side of that comely footprint were the marks 1 of a coarcf r and commonplace shoe, short and square, and as wide as it was long, probably the sign pedal of a clod-Lopping country boy, or lad. Of these there were some half-dozen, as if the boy had stamped about as he entered, and repeated the process, when he returned. ' 1 will examine these carefully, when the sun is up,' thought I ; 'I must Eee to other matters now.' So I hurried at once, by the shortest track, to the lower comer of the gardens, where my Uncle Cornv lived. Tabby TapEcott was gone home, and the house all dark and faEt asleep, for I must have lost an hour in my agony on the bed, besides all the other time j watted. At last my thunderous knocke disturbed 1 even the Eound sleep of the Grower ; and he flung up a window aud looked out, with a nightcap over his frizz of white hair. ' It is no time for anger,' I replied to his hot ex clamations ; ' come and let me in. I want your ad vice. I am ruined.' My uncle was thoroughly good at heart ; when he came down with a light and saw the ghost he had let in, he was very little better than his visitor. He shook, as if old age were come upon him suddenly, while I tried to tell my tale. '' My Kitty gone, and gone of her own accord !' he cried, as if he, and not I, had lost her. ' Man, you must be mad. Are you walking in your sleep ?' ' God send that Imay be! But when shull I awake ?' The old man's distress end his trembling anguish let loose all the floods of mine ; I fell against the wall where be hung his hate and saws, and Eobbed like a woman who ha6 lost her only child. Come, come,' be said, ' we shall both be ashamed of this. Your darling is not dead, my boy; bnt only lured away by some d ? d trick. Don't blame your self or her, I will answer for her sooner than I would for myself in this bad world. You shall have her back again] Kit ; you shall have her back again. There is a God who never lets us perish while we stick to Him.' ' I have not stuck to Him. I have stuck to her.' The truth of my wotde came upon me like a flash. It was tbe first time I had even thought of thi£. 'Nevermind. He knows; and He meant it so,' my uncle replied, with some theology of bis own; ' no man will be punished for doing what the Bible orders. You'll see, my dear boy, it will all come right. You will live to laugh at this infernal trick. And I hope to the Lord that I shall be alive to grin with you. Cheer up, old fellow. What would your Kitty think to sea you knock under to a bit of rigmarole ? You must keep up your spirits for poor Kitty's sake.' To see an old man show more pluck than a young one, and to take in a little of his tine faith, set me on my pins again more than any one would believe ; and 1 followed him into his kitchen, where the remnants of the fire were not quite dead. ''Now blow it up. Kit,' he 6aid, ' and put a bit of wood in. Tabby always leaves it ia this cupboard. Ah, that was a fine tree that old J argonel ! It lived on its bark, I believe, for about a siore of years, and you helped to split it up when you were courting Kitty. You shall court her again, my boy, and have another honeymoon, as they've cut your's short in this con founded way. Now. make a good fire, while I put my breeches on. You look like a ghost that has never had a bit to eat. And 1 don't suppose you have touched a moral to speak of since breakfast. ' Never say die,' is my motto, Kit. We'll fce at the police-office by three o'clock. We can do nothing till then, you know.' Even as he spoke his ancient cuckoo Eang out one o'clock; and* I obeyed' Us 'order?, and even found a little comfort in the lhought, that Kitty would have smiled to Bee my clumsy efforts: for she was very knowing about making fire3 up. When I had con trived to eat a bit of something, which my tincle warmed up for me, though 1 never knew whatit was, he gave me a glass of old ale, and took a drop himself and we tilked of our calamity until it was time to go. Hp asked me whether anything within the last few days could be called to mind that bore at all npon this sudden mystery. Whether any jarring words, however litile thought of, had passed between my wife and me, as is sometimes the case, even wfcen a couple ' are all in a l to one another. But 1 could remembe r none, nor any approach to such a ibing; and I had never seen a frown upon my darling's forehead. Then Le told me what be hud beard about bis former tenant, Harkcr, the mau whom he ejected by a fumigating process, much more successful than the ejectment of the frost. It was nothing more than this, and even (his perhaps a piece of idle village gossip. Old Arkerate had taken much amisB his tardy expul sion, for he meant to lire rent-free through winter, and bad been heard to tay that he would be— something an ticipatory perhaps of his final doom— if that* blessed young couples ahould be in his house, very long. For. he knew a trick worth two of that. And if he had been smoked out, hang them, they should be burned out. I agreed with my Uncle that 'such stuff as this was rot worth repeating, especially as nothirg of the k-nd bad come to pats ; and yet again it appeared auspi cious that the door through wlr'ch my dear wife had vanished should be the very one which old Harker had used for Lis special entrance and exit; while he had even been jealous of, any attempt on the part of the owners to use it. But mv Uncle and myself were uncom monly pcor hands at auyihing akin to spjing. Our rule had always been to accept Mnall fib* (nucb as ewry mar. receives Ly the dozen daily 1 without parsing thein through a fine 'sieve; which if sny men doe?, ho will have lit:le time for anv ctber emp'oyn eat. ' Tsike tbis big r.iicfe, Kit; 1 brought it for the pur pose,' faid my Uncle, when I had knocked a dozen time* in vair, at tlie door of Sergeant Biggs, our head policeman ; it is the toughest bit of stuff 1 have ever handled. It will go tb tough the panel of the door, before it breaks. Don't be afraid, my boy; take both bands: but let me get out of tbe way, before you swing it. Ah, that ought to bring him out. But we must make allowance for the (-trength of his sleep, because he has such practice ut it, all day long.' Our pol;cc force at that time consisted of two men, Sergeant Bigt s the chief officer, and Constable Turn over; very good men both, and highly papular. They were not paid by any means according to their merits ; - and we always got up a Christmas-box for them, which put them cn their honour not to made a fuss for nothing, it is wise of every place to keep its policemen in good hunour; otherwise it gets a shocking name, without deserving it. 'Coining, master, coming-. Don't you be in such a hurry,' we heard a very reasonable voice reply at la-t. 'Got one leg into these here breeches, and can't get in the other, 'cor they wasn't made for me. Ah, there goes that blessed stair into my bad leg again 1 '1 hey 'promised to mend it, last Lady Day twelve-, month; but mend it they won't, till I've got a running sore. Now, gents both,' what can I do for you? Always at the post of duty. That's the inotto ofthe Force*. W hy, ble.-:s me, if' it isn't Mr. Orchardson! Any delinquents in your garden, sir i' ''Ever io much woise tnan that,' replied my Uncle; ' Biges, are you wide awake? A dreadful thing has happened. Where is 'turnover? We shall want you both at once.' 'On duty, sir; patrolling — unless he have turned in. But lie's very good for that, wfcen I looksafter him. Which 1 do pretty sLarp, as he knows to his credit. A very active constab'e is. Turnover. But come inside, Mr. Orchardson, Don't (land out in the cold, air.' There was a btreak of dawn among the trees towards Hampton, aud the while frost-fog had rolled up from the river ; and I saw that a dark cloud was gathering in the south. '1 he change that my Uncle had foretold was coming, even sooner tjisn be Lad expected it. Wc went inside; and'Sergnant Biggs, who bad a - light, pulled on a coat, and sat down in state before a railed desk, on which a square book waB lj ing. Then he turned the brass cover off the ink, and squared his elbows. ' Now, sir, the particulars, if you please. We must make entry, afore we dos nothing. You were quite right in coming to head- quarters, Mr. Orchardson.' Let me see; May the fourteenth isn't it?' 'No, Biggs, no. It is morning now; and yesterday was the fifteenth of May.' 'Quite right, sir. Here it is upon the Standard. May ICtb, 1861, 3/ 0 a.m. by office clock. Informa tion leceived from Cornelius Urchardson, of the Fruit Gardens, Sunbury. Everything ready, sir. Please to go ahead.' ' Kit, you tell him. You know most about it. Scratch oat 'Cornelius'; and put 'Christopher/ Biggr.' Sergeant Biggs did not like to ditfigure his book. However be was a most. .obliging man. 'Stay, sir, stay,' he exclaimed: '? I cai^ do it better and neater than that ie. ' Cornelius Orchardson, of the Fruit- j Gardens, Sunbury, and' his nephew Christopher Orchardson.' That m-ets the point exactly. Mow I then, gentlemen, fire away. And I will reduce it into proper form. Chafing at all this rigmarole, which was sending another pood hour to waste, 1 poured out my tale in a very few words, and had the satisfaction of seeing at last an expression of amazement gathering and deepen ing on the large fat countenance of Sergeant Biggs. 'Why, this beats everything as was ever done in Sunbury, since Squire Coldpepper's daughter ran away. And in the same family too, ais you might say. How long ago was that? Why, let ihe see.' He was going to refer to some books, and took off his horn spectacles first to consider where they were. *' Come along, Biggs. No time for tha',' criedmy uncle impatiently ; 'we want vou to come and examine the place at once. It was useless for us to go lip,' till daylight. There are footsteps for yon to examine, tuid the doors.' ?- *' Now this here will be all over London, 'More the clock strikes twelve to-day. Ah, yon 'may stare, gentlemen; and we don't tell how we do it. But such is our organic ation, and things .ture brought to such perfection now ? ' ' Come along, Biggs. Why, it's pouringwith rain! I knew the white frosts were sure to bring it. But I did not expect it till the afternoon. And it sounds like hail — shocking thing for all my blossom.' 'I'll be with you, Mr. Orchardson, in about ten minutes. But I must put my toggery to rights first you see. Sergeant Biggs does not think much of himself; but Sunbury dees, and it would stare to eee him go on duty without any waistcoat or stock, or even a pair of braces on. By the by, gaits, have you been to Tompkins's huiser' Tbis was about the first sensible thing he had said ; and 1 answered that we had not been there yet; bnt would go there at once, as it was not far out of our court e, and we would rejoirrhinrat the cbttage. I had thought more than once in the long hours of that night of going to see the girl Polly, but was loth to knock np a hard-working household for nothing, and felt sure that Polly could throw no light upon the matter; as the always left our^boitftge-about five -in the afternoon. — And so it proved when we saw her now. For she could e nly stare, and exclaim ' Oh Lor' ! ' having most of her wits, which were not very active, absorbed in hard wotk and the necessity of living. And the more I examined her, Ihe more nervous she became, fancying that -she ifcas undergoing trial, and perhaps likely to be bangedtor the loss of her young mistress. ' I never see .nawbody take her away; norn&wbody; come anigh the house, all the time as I were in it. Mother knows T . didn't.' This she sa:d over and over again.' ^ ' Nobody . says that you £id, Polly,' I answered as gently as' possible ; ''but did you see anything to make you think, that your mistress meant to go away, when you were gone?' ^ ' 1 donnow what she was athinking of. She never to'd me noit about it. No, 1. never see nawbody take her away. It isn't fair, nor true, to say so.' ' But. mv grol child, nobody supposes that you did. Nobody is blaming you in the least. Nobody thinks that jcu saw her go away. But can't you tell ub whether you saw anything to show that she was likely to go away ?' ' Yes, I saw a big black crow come flying right over (he roof about 1 o'clock; and then I knowed as some one was agoing, 'live or dead. But I never told her, feared to frighten her. Lord in heaven knows I didn't.' ' And did you see anything else go by ? A cat, or a dog, or a man, or a woman, or anything else that did not usually come? Or did you hear sny steps, anywhere near* the house, or eee anything more than usual?' Polly shcok her hetd, as if I was putting a crushing weight of thought on thetop of it. And then she began to cry again, i-nd her mother came up to protect her. She had cried when she heard that her mistress was gone ; and she must not be allowed to cry again, or no one could tell what would ccme of if. ' Sweetie, tell the whole truth now. Got no need to be frightened. If perlice does come, they can't do nothing at ail to you, rovdear. Seventeen children have I had, and none ever pat thumb on the Bible.' Mrs. .Tompkins did not mean that her family failed ' to search the Scriptures, but that they had never been involved in criminul proceedings ; nay, not even as wit nesses. 'Weil then 1 think as I did see summat,' replied Polly under tbis encouragement. I would not have pressed herns I did, unlets 1 had felt pretty sure that she was keeping something back. ' It woin't nothin' to speak of much, nor yet to think upon, at the time.' ' WeH, out with it, deary, whatever it was. All you have to do. is to speak the truth, and leave them as can put two and two together to make out the meaning of it.' Thus adjured, Polly, after one more glance to be sure that no policeman was coming, told her tale. It was not very muck, but it might mean something. ': 'Twur about 4 o'clock, 1 telieve, and all the things was put back again after mucksine: out the rooms, when MifBus sa:d to me, 'You run, Polly, and pick a little bit of chive down the walk there. I don't want mu- h,' she says,- 'but what there is must be good, and just enough to cover a penny-piece, after I've chopped it up and put it together. I wants to have everything ready,' she says, 'just to make a homily, when my husband comes'home. I have got plentyof parsley in that cup,' she Sbyg, ' but he always likes a little bit of chive, to give it seasoning. And te sure you pick it clean,' she says, ' and it mustn't bo yellow at the tip, or dirty, because if the grit gets in,' she says, 'it's ever so much worse than having none at all.' So I says, ' All right, ma'am, I knows where it is ; and you shall have tbe best bit out nf all the tow.' ' You're a good girl,' she says, 'don't be loLger than you can help, and you shall have a cup of tea, Polly, before you go home, because you've worked very well to-day ; nobody could a' docd it better,' says she. Well, I took a little pui.iibt hb was hanging in the kitchen, not to make it hotin my hands, you see, and I went along the grass by the gooseberry bushes— you know the place I mean, mother; and there was the chives, all as gieen as little leeks. As I was a-stooping over them, with my back up f o the sky, all of a sudden I heer'd a sort of creak like, as made me stand up and look to know where it come from. And then I seed the old door, ns uted to be bolted always, opening just a little way, in towards mc, -though I was a good Lit off; and then the Lrimof a bat come through, and I sines out, ' Who's there, please ?' There wasn't no no-e or eyes u-coming through the door yet; nor ytt any legs, so far as I could see; but only that there brim, like the brim of a roft hat; and I couldn't say for cer tain whether it were brown or black. * Nothing here to steal,' 1 sny s, for I thought it wor some tramp; and then the door shut sofily, and 1 was half a mind to go and see, whether there was any one out in the lane. But it all bpgan to look so loLely like, and I was ordered not to stop, and so I thought the best thing was to go back, t-nd tell the Missus, liut something came that drove it out of my mind altogether. For when 1 got back to tho bouse she says, 'Don't you lose a minute, Polly, that's a good girl. Run as far as Widow Cut thumb's, and fetch half a dozen eggs. 1 thought I had four, and I have only got three,' shemys.V and I can't make a homily for two people of three egge. And my husband won't eat a bit, unless I has some,' she says. ' So I was off quick stick to Widow Cntthumb's; and there, outside the door, I seen that Bat Osborne, the most owdaclous boy in all Sunbury. ' Halloa !' says he, * Poll, you do' look stunnin'. Got a baker's roll a-risin', by the way you be a-pantin' ?! Give ns a lock of your hair, again the time when we gels old,' be . says. And afore 1 could give him a box on his ear, out he Bpreads bis fingers, some way he must have learned —for 1 never could 'a doed it myself, no, that I couldn't — and away goes all my back-hair down over all my shoulders, just the same as if it was Sunday going on for three years back. That vexed I , were, I can assure you, Mr. Kit— well, mother knows best how I put it up that very same morning for the cleaning, and our Annie to hold tbe black pins for me— but get at him I couldn't^ tb give him one for himself. He were half across the street, afcre 1 could see out ; and he hollered out some imperence as made all the others ' grinny. But I'll have my change, afore next Sunday week. I will. 'When I got hack, Mr. Kit, you may suppose, all about the door and the hat-brim was gone clean out of my mind, as if it never was there ; and I come away home, without a word about it, and never thought of it nother, till. I lay awake in bed and keered our own door creak, when father went to spy the weather. But oh? if I had only ..thought about it, Mr. Kit, perhaps Misbus mightn't riever 'a been took off !' Chaptbb XXXVI II.— NONE. At this beginning of my great trouble, I used to be worried, more than common sense would warrant, by . the eaBy way in which other people took my distress, even while I was among them, if anything occurred to make them laugh, they laughed with all their hearts at things in which 1 could perceive no* joke at all. 1 dare say they were right, and 1 was wrong; but I felt that I should not have laughed at all, if the tables had been turned upon them, as I wished they had been. That is to say, if they had been in bitter grief, and I had been standing outside to help them. For the policemen I coald made all allowance, because they must get teasoned by their profession, even as the lawyers do; but ft did seem a little bit unnatural at first, that some men, to whom I would gladly have lent my last shilling but one, if they had wanted it, should be ready to put their hands into their pockets, not to fed if there was anything there for my good, but to enable them to enjoy a broad grin at leisure, |f the* least bit of laughable nature turned up. But one thing 1 will say for the women, there was scarcely so much as a smile among them ; they could undertat dwb at I had lost, and they knew (perhaps from self- examination) that a good wife is not to be got every day. Tbe heav) cloud had been pouring down rain in volumes and bail in lines, when with Selsey Bill, and Mrs. Bill, and Polly lagging after us under a broken umbrella, my uncle and myself came to Honeysuckle Cottage, and found Ser geant Biggs and Constable Turnover, with tLeir oi^kin capes running like a tiled roof, and their faces full of discipline ' Wouldn't go inside, gents, till you came ; no war rant being out, and no instructions received. Always gets into trouble, when we acts on our own hook.' We led them inside, for there was broad daylight now, Mid the cloud began to lift, and tbe rain came down in single drops, instead of one great sheet. . As they Btamped about, and shook themselves in our little passage, scattering grimy wetness like a trundled mop, I wondered, with a bitter pang, what Kitty would hare thought after all her neat work, if she could only have seen this. ' Turnover, you come after me. We makes this in- ' epeclion together, mind. And what I sees, you sees, and corroborates. Thcugh;it ain't a case of murder, so far as we know yet, we must keep cur ejes open, the same as if it was. Even thing comes to us, and nothing comes amiss to them that does their duty.' Tbis sentiment was much admired by Constable Turnover : and my uncle whispered, '* Let them do r-xactly as thev like, Kit. 1 hey area pair of fools: but we need not teli them eo. We shall have them on our side, at any rate. And if tbey don't do any good, they can do no harm. Leave them entirely to their own devices.' This quite agreed with my own view of the matter. When a (rime has been committed, we call in the police, as in dangerous illness wc invoke a doctor, for the satisfaction of onr own minds, rather than from any hope of being helped. And in the-former case, we have tbis advantage— tbe thing becomes widely spread, and distant eyes are turned en it. ' All in order gent6. ; not a lock been forced, nor a door broke open, to far bs wc can discuver.' Sergeant Biggs was beating his hands together, from the force of habit, as he camc to us in the kitchen, where he was silting drowt-ily. ' Two windows open and some rain came in ; but no sign of entrance bv them. The young lady have gone of her own. accord, and left no sign for any cue. Time of disappearance not exactly knowro, you say, but somewhere between 5 and 10 o'clock supposed. Please give particulars of dress, height, and complexion. We know the young lady well enough, of course, but we like to have those things from relatives. And fhe dress is beyond ue; ladies always are so changing. Mr. Kit . ays her giay cloak is gone, and brown bonnet. White chip hat hanging on the peg. Looks as if she meant to go a goodish way. But not niuch preparation for travelling- Thete woe a little black bag, sir. you said you could not find. Very sorry to trouble you, sir, when you are so downhearted. But I most ask you just to look into them drawers in the lady's bedroom. And specially to see if any cash is missing. Excuse mc, sir, 1 meant no rudeness. For I had leaped up, and was ready to strike him, at the suggestion that my darling could have robbed me'. 'He is doing his duty. Kit: don't be a fool;' cried my uncle, as Biggs threw bis arm up in defence. 'Must give up this care, sir,' said the sergeant, without anger ; ' unless you allow us to conduct it our own way. We are bound to know all that can throw a light upon it. And nine times, out of ten, when a woman— beg pardon— a lady runs away from her husband on the sudden, she collars all tbe cash, and all the trinkets* she can find. Don't mean to insinuate lur a moment that this young lady done anything of the kind. But for all that, I am bound to put the question ; and Mr. Cornelius can see it, if you can't, sir.' ' Very well ; I will go and see,' 1 answered, having sense enough to know that he was right ; ' and you can both come and see for yourselves, if j ou like. Per ? haps you won't believe it, unless you do. At any rate, you come, Uncle Corn \\.' I ran up in baste to our little bedroom, as pretty a room as one could wish to see, for its cheerfulness, airiness, and fair view between the clustering climbers, of the broad winding river and the hills beyond, all to be seen either over or amid a great waving depth of \- white and pink, where the snow of fhe pears put the . apples to the blush. Very plainly furnished as it was, our little room looked sweet even in its desolation, cr.d as lively and delightful as the bride who adorned it. My Aunt Parslow had given us a pretty chest of drawers of real bird's-eye maple wood, which she -had bought at a Bale somewhere; and we kept all our money that was not at the bank in one of the top drawers, which had a tolerab'e. lock. This was the proper place tor Kitty's purse, and mine; although I never had one, so to speak — at least it was always empty. Whenever I had any money, fit to spend, it was generally always in my waistcoat-pocket; and it never stopped there long, if 1 came across anybody who deserved it. But 1 never went out with too much at a time; for it is not safe to have nothing left ,at home. The key was not in the drawer, of couiBe; but I knew where Kitty kept it, and there it w as, as usual. I could have wept now, if I might have made sure of nobody conring after me, when 1 found all the balance of' this week's allowance for housekeeping uses in. a twist of silver paper— such as used to be common, but is seldom teen now; and my darling had not made much boot upon the store ever since last Saturday. For our butcher who wanted her to run up an account (being in love with her, as everybody was, although he had a wife and seven little butchers-' rising), had made believe that he could not stop to weigh the last half-leg of mutton he sent up. Kitty Had told me of this, and lamented, while unwilling to appear distrustful of him. For an honest tradesman dislikes that, though he often has to brace np his mind to it. I put this residue of our fifteen shillings in one corner, as a sacred thing ; end then'I went to the brown metal box at the lack of the drawer, where we kept our main stock, with a drzen of my wife's now handkerchiefs piled o ver it, to delude all burglars. I had bought her a dozen at less than cost price, as the haberdasher vowed, at Ba) cliff— and we 'had been reluctant to be so hard upon him ; Lut he said that he was celling off, and ye must have the benefit. And I lifted thtm now with a miserable pang ; for my love had kissed me for this cheap hut pretty present, and had, marked them all with her own sweet hair. I have often been astonished in my life, as everybody must be, almost before his hair begins to grow*; but mine, which was now in abundant short curls, wonld have pushed off my hat, if I had worn 'one, when the money-box came to my' eyes, half-open, and aB clean as a spade on a Saturday sight. Every bank-note was. gone, and every sovereign too, and even the four half sovereigns, wbJchwe had meant to spend first, when we could not help if! . I have never loved money with much of my heart, though we are bound to do as our neighbours do; and perhaps it had been a littlb pleasure to me to have more' than I ever could have dreamed of having, through i the great generosity of Aunt Parslow, and the timely j assistance of Captain. Faiithoin. Bnt now my 'j whole heart went down in a lump, and I scarcely had any 'power of breath, as I fell once more upon my widowed bed, and had no strength to wrestle with the woe that lay upon me. That my own wife, my own true wife, the heart of my heart, and the life of my life, should have run away from me, of her own accord, without a word, without one good-bye, and carried off all our money! ' Come, Kit, how much longer do you mean to be ?' my uncle's To:ce came up the stairs. 'Let him alone, Biggs. PerhapB he is crying. These young: fellows never understand the world. Some little thing comes round a comer on them, and they give way, for want of seasoning. He was wonderfully* bound up in his Kitty. And however it may look against her now, *1 will stake my life that she deserved it. You Peelers see all the worst of the world, and it makes you look black at everything. I would lay every jenny I pos sess, which is veiy little in these'freetiade times,' that -he -finds eveiy farthing of his money rieht. Though 1 have often to'd him what a fool he was to keep eo much in his own house.' ' Qe seems an uncommon time accounting of it.' . Sergeant Biggs spoke Eceptically, end retired to the kitchen; for it did not matter very much to him. Getting no reply from me, . my uncle came up slowly ; for a night out of bed tells upon the stiff jointf, when a man is getting on in years. Then he marched np bravely and laid one hand upon my shoulder. ' What are you about. Kit ? Breaking down, old fellow ! You must not do that, with these chaps in the house, or the Lord knows what a lot of lies will get about. Money all right, of course. No doubt of that, my boy.' I could make no answer, but pointed to the drawer, which was still pulled out to its full extent. With a little smile, which expressed as well words—' What a fool you must be, to keep your money there!' he looked in, and saw the empty cash-bcx, 'and turned as white as his own pear-blossom. Then he took the brtvn box in his thick right hand, and tunied it upside down, as if be could not trust his eyes. ' How much was there in it? But perhaps you did not know ? Oh, v it, Kit, is it come to this at last De spoke .is if I ought to have been robbed by my own wife, a long time ago, and was bound by the duly of a husband to expect it. But my spirit rose, and I jumped up and faced him. 'Every farthing of it was her own,' 1 said; 'and she had a perfect right to take it. It i6 part of the hundred pounds Annt Parslow gave her, on onr— on her wedding-day. 'Ihere was -forty-five pounds in that box ; and the other fifty -five was invested according to your advice. I would send her that also, if I knew her address. It was all her own money; you may ask Aunt Parslow. 1 have no right to a farthing of it.' 'Kit, you area veiy fine fellow after all, though you do take things so lumpily. . But answer me one little question. Why did your aunt give her that hundred pounds r' ' Because she loved ber, as everybody does— or did. Because she was so kind, and good, and loving.' ' No, my boy, cot at all for that reason. But because she married you, Aunt Part low's nephew. The money was yours, in all honesty, not hers. Or at any rate it belonged to you together. She had no more right to take that money without your consent, than I have to walk into Baker Rasper's shop, and walk out of it with the contents of his till, i ou must look at things squarely, and make your mind up. Expel her from your heart. She is a light-of-love. and a robber. Oh, Kit, Kitt (hat I should have brought you into this ! And I did think that I knew so much about women.' My uncle shed a tear, not on his own account, or mine, and perhaps not even for the sake of women : but because he had loved Kitty as his own daughter, and he could no more expel her frcm his heart, than 1 from mine; at least without taking a long time about it. 1 was moved with his grief, for Le was hard to grieve ; and my wrath at bis injustice was disarmed. 1 put back the empty box, and locked the drawer ; for I knew that it waB useless to arsue \viih him. 'This is the second great gr-ef of my life,' he said in a low voice, as if talking to himself: 'over and above those losees which are inflicted on us by ibe Lord, as time goes on. And the other was through a woman, too. I will tell you of it, when we have more time; for it may help you in your own grief, Kit. But now we must quiet those fellows downstairs. 1 wish we had never called them iu. I would rather lose every penny I possess, and start in the world again, as a market-porter, than let this miserable .star}' get abroad. We must take your view of thecase before tha public, and tell them that there is no money gone, except her own. The Lord knows that I am not a liar, and He will forgive me for stretching a bit this time. Or, perhaps, you had better do it; because you believe if, you know,' and so there won't beany lie at all. You go down first ; and 1 wi 1 come behind you grumbling, which no one can say is an ungrateful thing now.' lhis seemed the proper course, although in my misery I should never have thought of it, until 1 wished that 1 had done so. 1 he question as to the i igbt to that money lay between myself and Kitty ; and as she had doubtless considered it hers, to brand at large as a robber, without allowing h- r chance of explanation, would be most unfair, and would only add another paintoastory too painful already. Sol went down and told Sergeant Biggs that my wife had taken a few clothes in her handbag, and a part of some money she had lately received as a wedding present, but had left the balance of her cash for housekeeping, aB w ell as most of her trinkets, in the bedroom drawer. He was much ait-appointed at thi3, and shook bis head, to disguise the blow received by his Bagacity. '?Bea'.sme for the present, at any rate,' he 6aid; 'but time will throw more light upon it, before we are many years older. You hold on, sir, and not go about too much. Half the mischief comes of that. A party comes to us, and he says, ' Look here, 1 leave the whole of it, to jour care, Sergeant. You understand thete things, and I don't. Anything as you do I will back up— magistrates, witoetscs, lawyers, dogsiealers — whatever you find needful, up to a five-pound note, or more.' And after that, what do we feel ? Why, ready to go through with it, ou our beBt mett'e, you mieht say, and come down with cash out of our own breecht s pocket, for love of nothing else but duty. And then we gets crossed, like two dogs a-coursing, by the other party's track, with his nose up in the air, the very same as if he never come anigh us. So I says to Turnover, ' Now, one thing or the other ; either they must let us do it all or nothing. And if we do it all, in a hunt-the-slipper thing like this, we must know all the ins and ou's, first from the beginning. Then,' says I, 'we can give our minds to it, Turnover.' And he answers, ' * Yesf Sergeant, but do they mean to tell us everything? ' .And now that's the question before you, sir.' ' We wilt think about lhat, and let jcu know bvand byc,' laid my uncle, who had listened to this long oration. ' Not (hat'you ever find out anything, Biggs. Still it is a comfort to believe that you are trying. And now cou.e and do what you ought to have done long ago- make a careful examination of the foot prints by the door. It has. been raining pretty sharp ; but it all came from the south, and the important marks are on the Lorth tide in the lane, according to what my nephew saw last night, and the shower won't have touched them, with the door shut to. Bringsome paper snd a pencil and your old joint- rule, Kit. Not that we shall ever make'out much.' He was light enough in that last prediction, l'or although I had Jaslened the door — in strict keeping with the moral of the proverb— and no rain had pelted the ground outside it, yet a greater effacer than rain tad been there. Por the spot Leing 'on a sharp slope, and be'ow the crown of the read, or 'the lane 1 should say, a strong lush of water had taken track there, and washed away all the dust, and then the heavier subttance, leaving rough pebbles with sharp edges slicking up, as clean and unconscious ak before they saw the world. ' Nothing to be made of that,' said . Biggs ; ' nor ot any footmaikB anywhere else, after all the rain as have fallen. Only thing to do now isto inquire of the neigh tours, and folk as were about last night.' {To be continued.) 