NXTRiTBEItG-EB BAKEREX. That tho Recording Angol blotted out with his tears the lines that he was compelled on this occasion to record against Gottlieb Brokel in heaven's high chancery is highly improbable. In the only known case of such laehrymic erasure the provocation to profanity was a commendable moral motive that was eminently unselfish. But when Gottlieb Erekel swore roundly in his native German all the way from the south-west corner of Tompkms-square to the corner of Third- street and the Bowery, and from that point, when he had transaoted his busi ness there, all tho way back . to the Cafe Nurnburg, in Avenue B, his motives could not in any wise be re garded as moral, and selfishnoss lay at their, very root. Gottlieb already found himself in volved in serious difficulties witli the many customers who bought his leb- kuchen, for with the departure of Hans ho had been compelled to fall back upon his own resources, aud with the most lamentable results. Great quan tities of his first baking were returned , to. him, with comments in both high German and low German of a very un complimentary sort. His second bak ing—saving the relatively inconsider able quantities consumed by the omni vorous children of St. Bridget's School —simply remained upon his hands un sold And now, to niake his humilia tion- tho more complete) here was his discharged assistant sotting up as his rival, and with every probability that the attempted rivalry would bo crowned witli success. Really thero was some thing, perhaps, to bu said in palliation of Gottlieb's profanity after all. When he told at home that evening of Hans ICuhn's upstart pretensions his statements were received with an ominous silence. Aunt Iledwig only coughed slightly and continued her knitting with more than usual energy. Herr Sohnstein. only moved a little in his chair and puii'ed a little harder than usual at his pipe. Minna, who Was in her wire cage in the shop settling her cash, only bent more intently over lior books. But when Gottlieb went a step farther aud said, looking very keenly at Herr Sohnstein as he said it, that some great rascal must ' have lent Hans the money to make his fine start AuntHedwig|at oncebristlcd up and said, with emphasis, that rascals, neither great nor small, were in the habit or lending their money to deserving young men ; and Herr Sohnstein, a little sheepishly, perhaps, and mumbling a little in his grey moustache, ventured the statement that this was a free country already, and people living in it were at liberty to lend their money to whom they ileased ; and Minna, looking in from ier books — Gottlieb's back was turned towards her — blew a most unfilial kiss from the tips of her chubby fingers to Herr Sohnstein right over her father's shoulder. All of which goes to show that something very like open war had broken out in the Cafe Nurnberg, and that the once united family dwelling therein was fairly divided into rival camps. Gottlieb's dreary case was made a little less dreary when he found that the lebkuchen which Hans produced in his fine, new bakery was distinctly an inferior article ; not much better, in fact, than. Gottlieb's own. To any intelligent baker the reason for this was obvious : Hans was making his lebkuchen with new honey-cake. Thus made, even by the best of recipes, it could not be anything but a failure. Gottlieb gave a long sigh of relief as he realised this comforting fact, and at the same time thought of his own great store of honey-pots— there were hundreds of them now— all ready and waiting to his hand. But his feeling of satisfac tion passed quickly to one of impotent rage as he recognised his own power- lessnessj for all his wealth of honey- pots, to. make lebkuchen that would be eaten by anybody but the tough- palated children from St, Bridget's school. He was alone, smoking in the little room back of the shop, as this bitter thought came to him ; in his rage he struck the table beside him a blow so sound ing that the family cat, peacefully slumbering behind the stove, sprang up with a yell of terror, and made but two jumps to the open door. Coming on top of all his other trials — the re volt of his own little Minna, the defec- , tion of Aunt Hedwig, and the almost open enmity of Herr Shnostein — this compulsory surrender of all his hope of honest fame was indeed a deadly blow. Gottlieb smoked on in sullen anger, his heart torn and tortured, and his mind filled with a confusion of bitter evil thoughts. And presently — for the devil is at every man's elbow, ready to take advantage of any sudden weakness, or turn to his own purposes any too great strength — these thoughts grew more evil and more clear, until they fairly resolved themselves into tho determination to steal from Hans the recipe for making lebkuchen, and so crush completely his rival, and at the same time make certain his own fortune and fame. Of course tho devil did not plant tho notion of theft in Gottlieb's mind in this bold fashion ; for tho devil is a most considerate person, and ever shows a courteous disposition to spare the feelings of those whom lie would load into sin. No ; ho put the matter ingeniously as tho recovery on Gott lieb's part of his own stolen property ! \- His logic was admirable; Hans had . been Gottlieb's assistant ; and as such Gottlieb' had owned him and his recipe as. well. When Hans went away and took tho recipe with him he took that which still belonged to his master. Therefore, triumphantly argued the devil, Gottlieb had a perfect right to regain the recipo either by fair means or by foiil. And finally, as a bit of supplementary devil-logic, the thought yas suggested that inasmuch as Hans certainly must know tho recipe by heart, the more loss of tho paper on which it wo3 written would not bo any real loss to him at all. It is only fair to Gottlieb's good angel to state that during this able presentment of the wrong side of the cose he did venture to hint onco or twice— in tho feeble, perfunctory sort of way that unfortunately seems to be characteristic of good angels when their services really are most urgently required — that tho wholo matter might be compromised satisfactorily to all the parties in inter est -by permitting Hans to marry Minna, and by then taking him into partnership in the bakery. And it is only just to Gottlieb to state that to these faint-hearted suggestions of his good angel he did not give ono moment's heed. Now, the devil is a thorough-going sort of a person, and -having planted the evil wish in Gottlieb's soul, ho lost no time in opening tot him an evil way to its accomplishment. When Haps, a stranger in New York, had come to work at tho Cafe Nurnberg Gottlieb had commended him to tho good graces of a friend of his, u highly re spectable little round Brunswick widow who let lodgings, and in the comfort able quarters thus provided for him Hans evor since had remained.. In this same house lodged also one of Gottlieb's apprentices — a loose young fellow, for whose proper regula tion tho widow more than once had been compelled to seek his master's counsel and aid; In this combination .of circumstances, to which the devil now directed his attention, Gottlieb saw liis oppor tunity. It wa3 easj. to. mako the widow believe that the loose young apprentice had taken the short step from looseness to crime, and that' a suspicion of theft rested upon him so heavily as to justify the searching of his room ; it was easy to make the widow keep guard below while Gottlieb searched ; and it was very easy then to search not for imaginative stolen goods in tho chest of the apprentice, but for that which he himself wanted to steal from tho chest of Hans ICuhn. As to opening the chest, thore was no difficulty at all. Gottlieb had half a dozen Nurnberg locks in his house, and he had' counted, as the event proved correctly, upon making' the key of ono of these locks serve his turn. And in the chest, without any trouble at all, ho found a leather wallet, and in the wallet the precious recipe, written on parchment in old High German that ho found very diffi cult to read, and dated in Nurn berg in tho year 1G03. Gottlieb was palo as death when he went down stairs to the widow, and his teeth fairly chattered as he told her that he had made a mistake. He tried to say that the apprentice was not a thief — but the word dieb somehow stuck in his throat. Keen chills penetrated him as he almost ran through tho streets to his homo. For tho devil, who heretofore had been in front of him, and had only beckoned him, now was behind him, and was driving him with a right good will. When, he entered the room at the back of the shop, where Minna was sewing, and where Herr Sohnstein, with his arm comfortably around Aunt Hedwig's waist, was smoking his long pipe, lie created a stir of. genuine alarm. As Aunt Hedwig veiy truly said, he looked as though ho had seen a ghost. Herr Sohnstein, of a more practical turn of mind, asked him if lie had been knocked down and robbed ; and the word beraubt grated most harshly upon Gottlieb's ears. But what cut him most of all was the way in which Minna — forgetting all his late unkindness at sight of his pale, frightened faoe — sprang to him with open arms, und with all tho old love in her voice, asked him to tell her what had gone wrong. Under these favoring condi tions Gottlieb's good angel bestirred himself somewhat more vigorously, and for a moment it seemed not im possible that right might triumph over wrong. But the devil bustled promptly upon the scene, and, of course, had things all his own way again in a moment. It certainly is most unfortunate that good angels, as a rule, are so weak in their angelic knees. Gottlieb pushed Minna away from him roughly ; addressed to Aunt Hedwig the impolite remark that ghosts were only seen by women and fools ; in a surly tone informed Herr Sohnstein that policemen still were plentiful in the vicinity of Tompkins- square ; and then, having planted these barbed arrows in tho breasts of his daughter, his sister, and his friend, sought the retirement of his own upper room. As he left them Minna buried her face in Aunt Hedwig's capacious bosom and cried bitterly, and Aunt Hedwig also cried; and Herr Sohn stein, laying aside for tho moment his pipe, put his arms protoctingly around them both.. They all were very miser able. In the upper room, where the air seemed so stifling that he had to open the window wide in order to breathe, Gottlieb was very miserable too. He was fleeing into Tarshish, this tem porarily wicked baker; and just .as fell out in the case of that other one who fled to Tarshish, his flight was a failure ; for this little world of ours is far too small to give anyone a chance to run. away from committed sin. Gottlieb tried to divert his thoughts from the crime, and at the same time tried to reap its reward by studying tho stolen recipe ; but his attempt was not successful. The cramped letters, brown with age, on the brown parchment danced before his eyes, and the quaint, intricate High German phraseology became more and more involved. Ho could mako nothing of it at all. And the thought ocourred to him that perhaps he never would be able to mako anything of it — that, without losing any part of the penalty justly attendant upon his crime, the crime itself might prove to be, so far as the practical benefit that he sought was concerned, absolutely futile. As this dreadful possibility arose beforo his mind, a faintness and giddiness came over him. The room seemed to be whirling around him: life seemed to be slipping away from him ; there was a strange, horrible ringing in his ears. . Ho leaned forward over the table at which ho was sitting, and buried his face in his hands. Thon, possibly, Gottlieb fell asleep, though of this ho never felt really sure. What is quite certain is that he saw as clearly as ho ever saw her in life, his dear dead Minna ; but with a face so sad, bo reproachful, so full of piteous entreaty, that his blood seemed to stand still, while a consuming coldness settled upon his heart, He struggled to speak with her, to assure lier that he would repair the evil that he had done, to plead for forgiveness ; but, for all his striving, no other words would come to his lips save those which a little while before he had spokon so roughly to poor Aunt Hed wig : " Tho only people who see ghosts aro women and fools I" And then, of a sudden, he found himself still seated at the table, the brown parchment still Bprend out beforo him, and tho faint light of early morning breaking into the room. The window was wide open, as he had left it, and he was chilled to the marrow ; he had a shocking cold in the head ; thore were rheumatic twinges in all his joints as he arose. What with the physical misery arising from these causes, and the moral misery arising from his sense of committed sin, he was in about as desperately bad a humor with himsolf as a man could be. He was in no mood to make another effort to read the difficult German of the re cipe, the cause of all his troubles. The sight of it pained him, and he thrust it hurriedly into an old desk, in which were stored (and these also were a source of pain to him) several genera tions of uncollected bills — practical proofs that the adage in regard to the impossibility of simultaneously posses sing cakes and pennies does not always hold good. He locked the desk and put the key in his pocket, and then re turned the key to the lock- and left it there, as tho thought ' occurred to him that tho looking of this desk, that never in all the years he had owned it had been locked bofore, might arouse suspicion. It seeinod most natural to Gottlieb that his actions should be re garded with suspicion. He had a feel ing that already his crime must be known to half the world. And before night it certainly is true thac the one person most deeply interested in the discovery and punish ment of Gottlieb's crime — that is to say, Hans ICuhn — did know all about it ; which fact would seem surprising, considering how skilfully Gottlieb had gone about his work, were it not re membered that his unwitting accessory had been the little round Brunswicker widow, and were it not known that little round widows — Brunswick born or born elsewhere — as a class are inca pable of keeping a secret. This excellent woman, to do her justice, had followed Gottlieb's orders to the lotter. Ho had warned her not to tell tho looso apprentice that his chest had been searched, and, so far as that apprentieo wits concerned, wild horses might have been employed to drag that little round .widow to pieces — at least she might have permitted the wild horses to be hitched up to her — before ever an indiscreet word would have passed her lips. But when Hans ICuhn, for whom sho entertained a high respect, and for whom she had also that warmly friendly feeling which trig .middle-aged widows not seldom manifest toward good-looking young men, came to her in a fine state of wrath and told her that his chest had been ransacked (he did not tell her of his loss, for lie had not himself observed it), she did not consider that she violated any confidence in telling him everything that had occurred. It was all a mistake, she said ; the Herr Brekel had gone into the wrong room ; sho must set the matter right at once ; that bad young man might be a thief after all. Hans felt a cold chill run through liirn at tho widow's words. But he controlled, himself so well that sho did not suspect his inward pertur bation, and she accepted in as good faith his offer to inform the Herr Brekel of his error as she did a day later his assurance that the matter had been satisfactorily adjusted, and that the innocence of the apprentice had been proved. And then Hans returned to his violated chest, and found that, tho dread which had assailed his soul was founded in substantial truth — the recipe was gone I In itselt tho . loss of tho recipe was no very great matter, for he knew it by heart ; but that Gottlieb — who had also a cellar full of rich old honey-cake — should have gained possession of it was a desperate matter indeed. Here in stantly was an end to the hope of suc cessful rivalrythatHans had cherished ; and with the wreck of his luck in trado, as it seemed to him in tho first shock of his misfortune, away in fragments to the four winds of heaven was scattered every vestige of probability that ho would have luck in love. Being so suddenly confronted with a corn- pound catastrophe so overwhelming, even a bolder baker than Hans Kuhn very well might have been for a time aghast. But as his wits slowly camo to gether again Hans perceived that the game was not by any means lost, after all ; on the contrary, it looked very much as though he had it pretty well in his own hands. Gottlieb was a thief, and all that was needed to complete the ohain of evidence against him was his first baking of' lcbkuchon, for that as clearly would prove him to be in possession of tho stolen recipe as what the widow could tell would prove that ho hnd created for himself an opportunity to steal it. The most agreeable way of winning a father-in-law is not by force of threatening to hale him to a police court, but it is bettor to win him that way than not to win him at all, Hans thought; and ho thought also that this was one of the occasions when it was quite justifiable to fight the devil with lire. So his spirits rose, and now he longed for, as oagorly as in the first moments of his loss' he had dreaded, the production of such lahkucl"" at the Cafe Nurnburg as would prove the proprietor of that highly respeotable establishment to bo. neither more nor less than a robber. Hans was both annoyed and sur prised as timo passed on, and the " cakes succulent but damnatory " were not forthcoming from Gottlieb's oven. He himself went on making 'unsatisfactory lebkuchen of bad materials by a good formula, and Gottlieb continued to mako unsatis factory lebkuchen by a bad formula of tho best materials. Orthodox German palates found nothing to commend and much to reprobate in both results. This was the situation for several weeks. Hans could not understand it at all. The subject-was a delicate one to broach to Minna during their short but blissful interviews about dusk in the central fastnesses of Tompkins-' square, at which interviews Aunt Hedsvig winked and Horr Sohnstein openly connived by keeping watch for them against Gottlieb's possible appear ance; for Hans bad determined that until he had positive proof to go upon ho would keep secret, and most of all from Minna, the dreadful fact of her father's crime. ' Therefore did he remain in a state of very harrowing uncertainty, with his plan of campaign completely brought to a Btand. (TO BE CONCLUDED.) 