FAITHFUL DHTIL DEATH. Chapter I, It is the year of our Lord 1660. The little Plymouth settlement, made up of unflinch ing men and devoted women, has gained a small but sure foothold on American soil. Rendered comparatively safe &om; the en croachments of the Indians on the one side and the Dutch and French on the other by the league offensive and defensive, which had been formed in 1643 under the name of the United Colonies of JNew Jingiana, racy have set steadily to work to establish cities and a Government for themselves ; and after the first few years of deprivation they have succeeded in planting a small but flourish ing- colony subject to Charles II., who has just been restored to the throne of England. Since 1656 the Plymouth settlers have been waging a hot warfare against the Quakers, and with their stern Governor, John Endicott, at their head, have perpe trated worse and worse cruelties upon them. Perhaps the unprovoked outrages committed against this innocent society culminated in 1659, when the sentence of death was pronounced against three of their number. The Government in October, 1656, and again in 1657 and 1658, enacted special laws for the suppression of these heretics, and the over- zealous Puritans were only too eager to enforce them. With that same spirit of unreasoning exaction and ruthless oppression wMch they had condemned in the clergy of the mother country, they visited all sorts of judgments upon the unhappy Friends. Fines were imposed continually, whipping -was n. common nuuishmcnt. and several lost an ear as a penalty for non-conformity to the laws. Let us take a peep at a little Puritan village lying just outsiele Boston as it basks in the genial sun of an October afternoon. A few houses of hoard and many of unhewn logs straggle up a low, gently sloping hill. Here and there a rudely-built chimney testi fied to the advanced ideas of some farmer : but most of the community hold tenaciously to an ancient prejuidiee against them, affirm ing that 4 smoke improves their health aud hardens the timbers of their houses.' Before some of the houses were plats of asters and sunflowers, joyously drinking in the warm sunshine, wMch had grown mellow and rich like old wine, after the long, fierce siege of summer. Clumps of golden-rod dot the un dulating meadow lauds and dusty roadsides like tongues of yellow flame. Apple orchards hung with glowing, ripe fruit, now and then break the silence by dropping a plump pippin or russet into the grass. Only the men and oxen, labouring in the distant fields, disturb the hushed tranquility of the scene. All else speaks of placid repose and happiness. On the outskirts of the little settlement, nestling against a grove of pines, stands a log house, unevenly fasMoned and rudely finished, the least pretentious in the neigh bourhood. A poor apology for a home would it be, indeed, were it not for the clambering vines which have twined them selves around the unhewn pillars of the porch and clung and spread themselves abroad over the roof. The sweet-smelling apple orchard and the well- tended beds of herbs, of the sorts in wMch our great-grand mothers delighted, give the place a home like aspect, and a bed of nasturtions blaze with orange and red close to the door. As we look a girl of perhaps twenty emerges from the door and stands for a moment look ing down the road, with her hand shading her eyes. She is dressed with the utmost simplicity, in the garb of the Quakers, but her plain gray gown, destitute of either drapery or adornment, reveals the contour of a slender and graceful figure, while the coarse hut snowy 'kerchief crossed over her bosom serves to deepen the delicate tint of her lips and cheeks. But it is not these charms, nor the soft gray eyes, nor the. waring golden hair that makes Deliverance Sothwicke beautiful. Her beauty is rather spiritual. The sweet peace of a pure spirit shines from her eyes, and lights up her features with that holy joy wMch enchances their natural beauty. Her face is one which might fit into some rare old painting of the saints, with a martyr's crown resting upon the brow ; for the strength and beauty of her character have come through suffering1, and hardsMps and deprivations, and she has come out of the fire like gold tried in the smelter's furnace. As she still looks down the road, a quick carmine flashes into her cheeks, and she hastily turns about and busies her hands with the clambering vine, plucking the leaves with a tense, nervous grasp wMch crushes them in her fingers. She feigns abstraction until a deep, manly voice bids her look around. Christopher Burden, the young Puritan, stands at the steps of the porch waiting for an invitation to enter. His broad-rimmed hat _ shades a stern, though not unkindly face. The expression wMch now gives it strength ana Character might, under favour able conditions, stiffen into austerity. It is the shadow of that obsialiste persistence which led Ms father, forty years before, to embark in the Mayflower with that daunt less handful of men who set sail for a land full of unknown dangers. His wide cape, with its broad, rolling collar, is thrown care lessly over his strong shoulders and hangs nearly to his knees, relieving the somewhat ungraceful effect of the loose knee-breeches. His brown stockings are fine and well- fitting, and the buckles to his shoes are as large aud highly polished as his exacting conscience will permit. 4 Come in, friend Christopher,' said De liverance, with a pretty simplicity of manner which accorded charmingly with her plain, dress and rustic surroundings. Thee looks tired out.' 4 Thanks. The coolness of the porch tempts my tired limbs, and it would please me much to talk with you. Hold, do not trouble to get a chair for me; this shady step is a luxurious resting-place for a weary man.' He sat down on the step. The girl re mained standing, regarding him shyly but wistfully, as he fanned himself absently with his hat and gazed out over thelandseape. 4 Have thy wrestlings at last convinced thee of the error of thy ways, friend Chris topher ?' she asked at length ; 4 mid hast thou come to tell me the good news F No,' said Christopher, wiping his brow with a perplexed and uneasy gesture, ' heart still clings to fhn religion of my father but I yet miB8 something in it which seemtopossess.' _ 4 Ah,' exclaimed Deliverance, eagerly 4 thou hast adopted the letter of the law only' andso hast missed the light which ehinetf for all men. Hast thou not read in John's Gospel how that light shone in the darkness and the darkness comprehended it not ! and how that was the true light that lighteneth every man that oometli into the world? Only let it shine on thy doubt, and thy doubt will vanish.' 4 But I cannot believe in a religion which denies the holy symbols and ordinances which Cod has enjoined upon us. It is there that I cannot find it in my heart to accept thy views.' 4 Nay, thou hast not heard rightly of our doctrines, perchance. "We only deny the out ward forms which were not necessary after the coming of our Lord. Thou will find our doctrine manifested in the holy word where John the Baptist spake : 44 I baptise yoa with water, but there cometh one after me who shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost and with fire." Verily there can be no saying grace in outward ceremonies ; it is the letter which killeth and the spirit which quickeueth.' 4 Surely ihese are knotty questions,' said Christopher, fain to be convinced by this fair and earnest advocate, but unable easily to shake himself loose from the creed in which he had been reared. 4 The inner grace is fanned to a flame by means of the outward symbols. We must have something beside au inner passion to live by. What would be come of our country aud its laws if strong men did not enforce outward as well as inward obedience to them ? We need the letter of the law.' 4 Yea, friend,' replied Deliverance, her thoughts turned in a new direction : ' but what dost thou think of a Government that upholds the selling of innocent children to pay a debt Surely thee rememberer little Daniel and .Provided Sothwicke, who so narrowly escaped being sold to slavery in Barbadocs last year. Such a Government cannot prosper.' 4 it is true,' said CMistopher, 4 that our Government is earthly and for that reason faulty ; but we must bear in mind that a Government is for the mass. It may render justice in the aggregate, and yet some times trespass on individual rights. Such failings we must wink at if justice be at the bottom,' 4 Nay, but the Lord will not wink at in justice and cruelty, wherever perpetrated,' persisted Deliverance, her colour deepening with her increasing earnestness. 4 Beside, tMs Government that thee upholdest is in consistent with itself. Dost thou not re member that clause of the charter in which it is provided that all in the plantation shall enjoy equal justice and law? Dost thou think that the Government has regarded the charter when if has persecuted the saints and children of the Lord V The Government only protects the Lord's fold against the ravenous wolves that seek to devour it,' replied Christopher. 4 Think you that old Dame Jones's malignant touch and power of bringing down curses on her fellow-men came from the Lord ? She was but a handmaid of Satan, and deserved to forfeit her life for blasphemies.' 4 Nav,' answered Deliverance, softly; 4 she was verily a martyr, and was led by the spirit of the Lord, and so denied the works of the devil. Should the Lord call me I would follow in her footsteps and seal my testimony with my blood.' She rose in the rapture of her enthusiasm and stood , looking off at the purple bills which loomed hazy and unsubstantial in the distance. Her pure, upturned face looked like that of a saint in the soft shadow of the leafy porch, and one could almost fancy that a tender aureole lighted up her sunny head. Christopher let Ms troubled gaze rest on her almost translated beauty, and uncon sciously the deep lines of thought which furrowed his ample forehead smoothed them selves out. He rose slowly and stood very close to her, with one hand resting lightly on her sleeve. 4 Come, Deliverance,' he said, 4 be my saint and my life, and reveal the truth, what ever it may be, through the transparency of your purity and holiness.' A look of deep pain swept over the girl's brow. She drew away from him and began to pluck at the vine aimlessly. 4 It cannot be, friend Christopher. I have told thee many times that it cannot be. It is not meet that two be yoked unequally. ' 4 But you surely cannot do such a wrong as to let a fellow-creature fall for lack of sympathy V he cried, and there was a great passion in his voice. 4 1 shall go mad if you will not listen to me.' 4 Nay, bnt that is no salvation which comes from a mere frail mortal. That will not save thee in Ihe last great day. Only take heed to that heavenly light, the Son within thee, and kiss him before his wrath be kindled- against thee, for verily the night cometh when -you shall fall to your own master.' The night was darkening down upon them fast. One quivering red beam shot through the thick leaves and rested for a moment on Deliverance's pure fSce ; then the sun sank, leaving a stretch of golaeB; sky which cast® soft glow over the tops of the hills. The ad vancing twilight lent force to the figure ttaf Deliverance had used. Christopher Burden sMvered involuntarily, and drew his capo around him; then with a hasty farewell he strode off down the darkening road. B®" liverance watched him until he had dis appeared, and then went slowly in to pro pare the simple evening meal of rye pudding and milk for the tired father and brother who had worked all day in the fields. She was silent during tea, and supplied the wants the hungry men with apreocGupied air. Cbafeeb H. The Sabbath, with its peculiar hush ana peace, had dawned upon the Puritan village wherein every man and beast had laid arid® all work ; and now the sun was dropping 1® inthb west; and faint purple shadows pmadingl thmr filmy mantles over «« . eastern MBs. Deliverance Sothwicke cam® ; lightiy aoroasthe fields, withher Bible ia b | hands; She hummed a good eld hymn to" | softly as she walked, and now and twm stopped to draw a long deep breath of »» i fragrant air. She had comefrom a gathering of the Friends, and her thoughts were busy with the subject of the meeting. She walked more and more slowly until coming to a low stone-wall she sat down and opened her Bible to the theme of the afternoon service. It was that beautiful passage in Isaiah beginning : 4 All we like sheep have gone astray.' This one clause she read, and then, with one finger marking the place, sat gazing off into infinite distance. She was in one of those rarely happy moods which come only on an autumn afternoon, when everything is hushed for the very fulness of its content, when the year has reached that rounded perfection which is a harbinger of its swift decline. Some sheep were feeding near by, and Deliverance watched them in a tender reverie, through which, like an undertone, ran the words: All we like sheep have gone astray.' There was a sadden footstep in the grass and the silly sheep scurried away across the field like a summer cloud. Deliverance looked up and saw Christopher Burden before her. 4 What is it that so fixes your thoughts?" he asked, throwing himself down at her feet. Slie pointed silently to the sacred text, and following the index of her finger, he read aloud, 'All we like sheep have gone astray." There was deep silence for several moments. Then Christopher said in a low voice : 4 Some who wander long- come safely to the fold at last.' It was rather his tone than bis words that made the girl look at him with a sudden and breathless inteutness. Then she laid a small, trembling hand on his arm. 4 Is it true, Christ: >pher ?' she said. 4 Yea, verily,' said he, adopting her fashion of speech ; 4 the Lord has discovered my error to me, Deliverance. I have thought long and with great heaviness, but now I see the light. Verily thou and thy people have the words of eternal life. As for these churclimen, their zeal hath made them forget the vital part of their religion. The form and outward show they have indeed pre served, but of the spirit of the Saviour I am fain to confess they have very little. Hence forth my lot is cast with the despised Quakers. That I shall be persecuted I full well believe, but the fact that this is so is the best defence tha t I can offer for having left the creed of my persecutors.' Deliverance's eyes were full of happy tears. The pallor which had come info her face at the young man's first words sud denly gave place to a burning carmine. The hand on Christopher's sleeve trembled visibly. He covered it with his own big palm, and said softly : 4 There is no ttumbliug-block now, Deliverance, between shoe and me.' He held out his arms and she crept shyly into them and laid her head on his strong young shoulder. They were all alone, save for the s'lly sheep, which had drawn nearer and nearer as they grazed, until their love champing could be heard. They sat so, drinking- in that pure bliss which comes but once in a lifetime, until the sun had left them with a parting benediction of glory, and the sheep wandered beyond the slope of thi meadow. Chapteb III. So Deliverance was married in the fashion of the Friends: and there were not wan finer Q venomous busy-bodies (God pity them !) with slanderous tongues, who wagged their spite ful heads and tried to besmirch the .two fresh young lives by slurs and innuendoes. But Deliverance vindicated her life by her ohftttc discretion. E-- hkf ince" was an irrefutable argument against evil report. For a time she was very happy in her humble home. But with the opening spring trouble began to darken about her life. It was not in the puritan nature to book Christopher's bold apostaey. His case was discussed at length in the church conclaves and with much bitter-, ness of feeling. One dreadful morning early in August the Constable appeared at his door and arrested the young husband for pestilent heresy. After two weeks of suspense in gaol he was sentenced to the House of Correction for three months, with not even a chance for a parting word with his sad wife. Then a month later the family of Deliver ance was banished from the plantation for outspuken utterances against the gross in justices to which the peaceable and inoffen sive Friends were subjected. She felt that her own turn might come at any time. She was regarded with bitter animosity by the most of her neighbours, who attributed Christopher's heresy to her accursed in fluence. But she kept quietly at her work, ' taking up the management of the little farm at a time when it needed a man's strength and judgment. Her tender hands learned to guide the plough, when the land was pre pared for the fall crop of wheat. Indoors she kept the fires, split the wood, and blist creed her pretty fingers over a hundred tasks which ought uever to rest on a woman. Still, she was not all unhappy Her bright spirit soared at times away from the sorrows and cares of life and found a resting place in the shadow of the great Rock. It w;is one pleasant morning in October, as Deliverance was working in the garden, that she looked up and saw the Constable dismounting at the gate. He held a legal- : looking document in his hand and stood gazing earnestly at the young and graceful figure before him. ' Is your name Deliverance Burden?' 4 Yea,' answered Deliverance, quietly. Well the Governor wants to see you. You have been spreading heretical doctrines around and have missed the divine service these many Lord's days. You'rea schismatic, and that isn't allowed,, you know.' 1 1 have spoken only the truth,' said De- li vexance firmly. 4 And as for the Lord's day service, I have worshipped where my own heart compelled me. I have committed no crime against thee or the laws that thou should seize me by violence.' 4 1 have my orders,' said the Constable, sturdily, 4 and I am bound to carry them out. I shan't hurt a pretty woman like you, so I hope you will come without any vain resistance.' 4 It is the Lord's will,' murmured Deliver- ance, as she cast a despairing look around over the distracted little farm. 4 He will keep His children as in thdhollow of His hand.' When Deliverance Sdthwicke answered 'Here' to the summons of the clerk, there was a start of surprise in the court -room, Her pure face, sensitive with pain at Hie publicity of her position, was flushed to a radiant colour, and her full lips were half- parted. She looked bewitchingly beautiful as the carmine fled from her throat to her brow and then receded, leaving her cheeks as pale as lilies. The Governor, after regard- ing her earnestly, began his severe examina tion. It does not concern us here to give his stern, scathing questions, nor the fearless answers which Deliverance made. He could not make her quail, nor would she admit the justice of his inquisition. His brow darkened with fierce passion. The glory of God (to say nothing of his own, glory) de manded that this heretic, who dared uphold the right of free speech, should be made an example of. Deliverance had expected some punishment, perhaps a severe one ; but she nearly fainted with horror when the clerk of the court read iu a monotonous voice the sen tence that had been decided upon : 4 Deliverance Burden, you are to be tied to a cart's tail, with your clothes stripped off to the middle, and to be drawn through the town and to receive twenty stripes npon your naked body.' A murmur of pity ran around even among those hardened spectators. Those who were near to her might have seen Deliverance s eyes flash with a righteous indignation under her meek Quaker's demeanour, as the unjust sentences were pronounced against herself and five other defenceless women ; but in a moment her glance fell, and meekness sat upon her bowed head as she said half aloud 4 The chastisement of our peace was upon him, and with his stripes we are healed. Shall the servant he greater than his Lord?' Chapteb IV. The hour, the moment, was drawing near when Deliverance was to receive her pun ishment. At times her heart fainted within her as she waited her turn in the gloomy prison. The spirit may be strong- to endure all affliction for conscience's sake, and yet there is a mere human, physical strength which is perhaps equally necessary to meet and overcome the stupid contempt of those who can see only the shame of the fle-h and not the triumph of the spirit ; the martyr's cross, but not his crown. And now they have led Deliverance out and tied lier to the lumbering ox- cart. Hex- face is concealed, for she has shaken her long golden hair about her, and it ripples to her waist. The most of the crowd stand in respectful silence as she passes by ; but a few ribald fellows hoot aloud and call her foul names. At last the long- walk is ended, and the people wait in silent expectation as the Constable prepares his three- cord lash. One ! two ! three ! the cruel blows cut the tender back ; a fourth, and then a fifth, more cruel than the last. Deliverance totters a moment and then falls. There is blood on her white arms, and a purple line across her cheek, where the lash has inad vertently fallen. The Constable drops his whip and hastens forward; but before he can reach her a man dashes through the crowd on horseback, his cloak wildly flying and his lips flecked with foam. In a mo ment he has sprung to the ground and cut the thongs which binds Deliverance to the cart. Then he mounts again with her in his arms. It would have been worth any man's life to have opposed him. Those who look into his intense face can scarcely recognise Cliristopher Burden. The veins on his fore head are swollen and knotted, and seem ready to hurst with the purpis blood which trctC-lics xnein . He pants and struggles for breath under the tide of fury which has over come him. It is as if all the latent strength and energy of the man had gathered and concentrated his -whole being for one tremendous outburst of passion. The crowd falls eagerly apart as he makes his way through with his senseless burden wrapped from her cruel shame in his own grey Quaker's cloak. Not a sound escapes from his drawn lips when he enters his own door and lays Deliverance on the bed, and prepares brandy and warm water for her. He hangs over her with the steaming chink, his face still purple, and looking as if it were cut in stone. At last Deliverance opens her eyes wearily, and then he bursts into a great flood of tears. She puts out one hand and strokes his hail- gently. 4 Let not thy heart be troubled, my Christopher. We shall have another home, even an heavenly.' Before midnight the house was astir with muffled voices and hushed, busy feet. Grey gowns flitted hither and thither, and the village doctor drove up at speed. And be fore morning Deliverance was lying very still, with her hands folded on her bosom ; and the grey-robed sisters were talking in whispers over a tiny bundle of flannel, which, at long intervals, gave signs of life by a weak wail or a feeble little movement. 4 1 am in despair of raising it,' said the Friend, who seem to be most in authority, turning to a younger woman who stood by with a white face. 4 A seven-months child can ill support life at best, and with the niother gone — I do not know, I do not know.' Before morning her doubt concerning the babe was removed, for when the daylight crept in through the drawn shutters, the atom in the flannel did not stir or cry. They laid the two still forms together, the mother and the babe, and Friend Mary, with deft, gentle fingers, robed them for their long sleep. Once her eyes flashed and the hot tears fell as she carefully washed the dark stripes on the mother's back and breast as if they could still give pain. When, she had finished her work and had laid the baby in the cold, dead anns of Deliverance, she stepped to the kitchen and went up to Christopher, who was sitting by the stove in a dumb agony of grief. 1 4 Wilt thee come, friend Christopher, and look at thy wife ? She, lies very peacefully with her baby in her arms. Thou shouldes lift up thy voice in thanksgiving that she hath entered into her rest, for shfe shall be : one of those arrayed in white robes, who. have come up out of great tribulation. 44 They shall hunger no more, neither thirst any more; neither shall the sun lighton them, nor any heat. For the Lamb which is in the midst of - the throne shall ifped tbda, r and God shall wipe away all tears from 'their j eyes.'" . , . Y - Y-V Christopher rose, as half -dazed, ; and fol lowed Mary into the roomwhere Deliverance lay. Moment after moment he stood gazing fixedly at her waxen face, with the brutal cut across the cheek. He stooped and kissed it with a passionate tenderness, and his broad chest heaved with stifling emotions. His face grew harsh and fierce as he looked until the wrath that burned there seemed as if it might consume him. He unconsciously clinched his fists so that the nails wounded the palm as he muttered : 4 44 Vengeance is mine. I will repay, saith the Lord." ' It was for many long years that Christo pher abode a solitary and broken-hearted man — many long years before he was per mitted to lay aside his burden of flesh and lie down gladly in the little churchyard by the side of her whom he loved. Two cen- turies have passed since ueiiverance ooth- wicke suffered her martyrdom. Both she and her persecutors sleep quietly, while above them is the thoughtless, work-a-day bustle of New England life. When the stern Puritans rise to .receive their last sen tence, how many grey-robed figures will confront them in meek but terrible accusa- . tion ! Let us be thankftd that both are sub jects for the same Infinite mercy ; that both will be judged by a Judge who will make no error. — Gbace M. Commings, in the A7". Y. Independent. 