A.n Un sensational Ghost Story. Life fulfils itself in many ways ; and why should there not be a modern and unexpected side to an ex perience en revinant ? There is certainly no law in that variously interpreted .code which forbids ghosts to walk at midday, and with chills and chains and wind ing-sheets omitted. I set off to meet mine, at any rate,, on the top. of a t rani car, opon-eyed, unshrinking, and unsuspecting, and fled from it in the broadest, sunniest light of one of the few. summer days that fell to the share of 1888. It was a flat sort of straggling suburb to a seaport town from which tbat tramcar started, and to the memory that flashed back some quarter of a centurv along its track the suburb seemed flatter than of old, its few green dimples smoothed away for the laying of the rail which stretched from the new station to the foot of the one big hill that the district boasted.. ' Will you walk over the hill or wait for the 'bus V' asked our conductor, as his passengers— a man with a pipe, another with a scythe, and two women laden with bat tics and baskets — preceded us down the ladder. Walk? Wait? We did not know; we lost his meaning for a minute— that matter-of- course inquiiy had a magic in it. ' Over the hill ! ' The words set all sorts of memories moving, jostling one another almost. 'Over the hill !' It was the one excursion of our town-bounded youth, our one glimpse of a beyond, ftom a life shut in and shut out, as it seemed to us, by small stony streets, with a pervading flavour of stores and tarpaulin aboutthem. An enchanted land lay ' over the hill ; ' a land of woods and streams, of wonderful wide skies, and waving cornfields ; a land where flowers grew and cows were milked, and whero trees meant swings and birds' nests, and not woo'ly impossible 'apes' to sketch from in lead pencil. 'No, we would walk,' we told the bewildered conductor at last, feeling though, as ihe 'Lut presently passed us, that, had we been as honest jas Uhland's hero, we must have stopped it and paid our fare. /'Take, oh, boatman, thirico thv fee,' that conscientious traveller is said- to have insisted, as be was ferried across the river, For unknown to thee Spirits twain have crossed with inc. A whole troop went up that hill with us, in shadowy 'gig,' orslower coach,' or running, shouting by our side. We rested at the top, refreshing ourselves with the old ' view,' and then walked slowly ou, very sure that we needed no-guide to the well-remembered way which led, skirting the copse and the hayfields, to the village some two miles off. Yes, that was the road along which the trees met overhead, and the birds piped the overture to our summer Ubgesang. But surely the avenue had grown curiously short ; this was a mere clump of elms ; and where wore the hayfields? With all allowance for agricultural reports which spoke of this year's hay as 'sodden,' and recommended ?' silos,' no fain could so entirely have swept away grass, no possible or impossible system of ensilage could trans form haystacks into mean brick houses. 'This Valuable Freehold Land to be Sold in Building Plots' — there it stood, an unmistakable board where in our memoty stood a .tree— a tree ! a whole glade and tangle of trees ! Could we, after all, have mistaken our way? We were reduced .to asking a passer-by, ' Was this the right road to Wotton?' 'To Wottonville, did we mean ? Yes, keep straight on for a mile or so, and we should come to the church and the hotel.' . Hotel ! Here was another, shock. Our wayfarer had iron-gray hair under his. billycock hat, so we thought we might venture to ask after the avenue that had once bordered Captain Murray's transformed fields. ' Murray — Murray, never heard of tho namo ; but the trees, oh, yes, they have been cut down twenty years back, when the new forts were built on the hill yonder.' Our next landmark was a cottage'— Cross Cottage it was called— how the old names came crowding back — where.some cousins had lodged, adding thereby greatly to tho delights of ono holiday season. This must be it, close to the wayside, with the old quaint cross carved into the porch ; but a smart glass conservator}' now bulged at the side, and Ste. Croix in bie: gilt letters 6hone on the little white gate. The ' mile or so' seemed short; the village, straggling down in shop and villa toward the ivy-grown square-towered church, had grown te meet us ; * and the posf-afBce — which wo re called had even then the germ of a 'store' in its diamond-paned windows — had now wondronsly de veloped into a distinct and recognisable plateglass type ot the species. We went into the smart Wottonville Hotel, the modest Wotton Arms of our vouth, for our much-needed cup of tea, which was brought to us in an aesthetic teapot, and with a willow- pattern plateful of the most wafer-like bread and butter in place of the crusty loaf on its wooden platter and tho yellow pats of former days. The elegant emasculated repast nevertheless gave us courage for further quest of long-forsaken haunts, and turning down the lane we went in search of 'the gamekeeper's cottage in the park, which, summer after summer, a quarter of a century since, had let to us its front parlour, and, I believe, all its available bedrooms. And hero time and change stood still. The park, we heard, had pass d into other hands ; but the trees, unheeding, shimmered their green waving shadows as of old, and the stream sang its little siren eong, and the wild pansies peeped up from the grass, and- the brown earth gave' forth its sweet smell just as in the day when tho first stoiy was planned by fhe brook, and the firtt dream was dreamed by the stile. 'It 'was something of a shock to find the cottage shut up, to see the clematis clinging to boarded windows, ana some geese run cackling across the gras-splot where we grey-haired folks; had played. But the park with its'green restfulness was reviving, and we were passing out of the chief lodge gate in a peaceful, not to . say complacent, Don't you remember sort 'of mood^' when some one camc out into the porch, shading her eyes from the sunshine with a'gesture that seemed some how familiar. ' The lodgekeeper in the old days had been a great crony of the children at the cottage, and though this portly personage bore but little sug gestion in her ample lines of the comely figure we dimly recalled. Yet,*could it be her mother? wc thought, and in another minute determined that it might well J-e herself, plus 'the burden of many , years,' and, as the dame wished us good day, the slow, 60ft, country tones made us certain of her identity. Would the recognition be mutual? we wondered, we hoped : but the hope waned and the wonder grew as we fell into talk. ' Yes, she had lived at that lodge nigh on five-and-forty year,' she told us, 'and had seen a many changes' — with an eye quieter to note change than likeness, was our inward comment. We gTew impatient to be recognised. ' You must know ine,' I insisted at last, and I took off my hat as I spoke; but, alas ! the gleam of silver in the still thick locks ?seemed to have none of the stimulating powers usually attri buted to silver. She shook her head with a polite per sistency that was pitiful too, and at last, in despair, I named some of the old names. Then, indeed, came my reward, in shape of start and ejaculations, and pressing offers, as of old, of cowslip wine, and a hundred halting homely questions concerning tho absent, the distant, and the past. 'The boys? how were they? and ?where?' We could not tell her how, for us, that word had no longer e. plural, but perhaps the kind soul guessed, for she took to stroking my hand in the old' comfortable fashion, and ' Oh,' she presently all*but moaned, ' what- changes time do bring! Oh, deary, deary me! . And you did promise to be so pretty !'. J.t was impossible not to laugh ; and, though it was in no sense my fault that I had not kept my word, I felt the unmerited reproach in her tones, and I doubt if ever laugh conveyed more genuine sorrow for quite involun tary sin. 'No! I never should have known you,' continued the old dame, eveiy flower and ribbon in her cap nodding in mournful confirmation, as she stood surveying me ; ' deary, deary me ! I con see you now, against that elderberry- tree, with your long brown curls and your big blue eyes.' And as she spoke 1 saw it too— standing up slim and straight in the warm sun light — tbe ghost of my vanished yonth. What was there in its bright brown hair and its honest blue eyes to scare one so ? But I shivered and fled from it, that poor slim little ghost, with quick farewell hurrying down the hill, to find the work-a-day world lying at our feet, some of its ugliness charmed out of it in the rays of the golden sunset. — Caste It's Magazine. 