JAPANESE SUPERSTITIONS. The household superstitions of Japan are very numerous. They are harmless, often oxciting laughter; yet, so uji trenched are. they in the household that religion, argument even ridicule cannot destroy them. Some of these superstitions have a moral or educa tional purpose, inculcating lessons of bene*, volence,.neatness and. habits of cleanliness. A room is never swept immediately after the departure of the inmate for fear of sweeping out the luck. At a marriage ceremony neither the bride nor the groom wears any clothing of a purple color lest their marriage be soon dissolved, purple being a color most liable to fade, If the cup of medicine is upset by acci dent during illness of a person it is a sure sign of his recovery. This looks as if the Japanese had faith in our'proverb', " Throw physic to the dogs," There are some curious ideas in regard to the finger nails. They must not be cut before starting on a journey, lest disgrace fall upon the person at his destination. Neither should they be cut at night, lest cat's olaws should grow out. Children who throw the parings of the nails into the lire are in clanger of some great calamity. If a piece should fly into the fire while cutting the person will soon die. The howling of a dog portends death. If a woman steps over an egg-shell she will go mad; if over a razor it will become dull; if over a whetstone it will break. If a man should set'his hair 011 fire he will go mad. Children are told if they tell a lie an oni (imp), will pull out their tongues. The wholesome terror of the oni, standing ready to run away with his tongue, has caused many a Japanese youth to apeak the truth. The Japanese have a horror of the darkness; they always keep a light burning to ward oft' ghosts, The junkmen believe ina ghost wlu> comes to them and politely asks to borrow a dipper. The answer decides the fate of the junkman. If a dipper with-a bottom is Vic stowed upon the ghost, he uses it to bail water enough to swamp tfye junk, but if the bottom can be knocked out and thrown at him, I19 disappears. In this last case the act must be accompanied by an ,ii>cantat\oji, or the ghost turns into, a sea cappj,—a many clawed monster—who willt\rc»g tlio junktothe bottom. The Japmeso are a gentle, sensi tive race, very much under the influence of their emotions. Love with them is a serous matter, often one of life or deaV>>. Disap pointment in love* or f^sercion, frequently ends in suicide. . Sometimes the girl becomes an (iVyiigor, ancl implores the gods'tf, curse or visit with death the destroyer of her peace. The passions \\\l}ieh thrill and tor ment the lui'.n",r. soul are as intense in far ajjp*y heathen Japan as in those laijus which boast a higher civilisation, 