LIST OF CAUSES SEPTEMBER SITTINGS. No. 1 JURY COURT. Monday, September 2. Morris v Solling, Attorney-General ' v Drain, Put and others v Macnamara, Macnamara v. Pitt and others Tuesday, September 1. Attorney-Genera v Maher, Jones v Curtin, Blunt and others v Terry and other , Fripp v Hamilton W Wednesday, September 4 -Moses v Graney, Counsel v. Mason, Porteus v Campbell, Shaw v. Bull Thursday, September Esbank of New South Wales v. V Hey, Orr v Smith and another, Stone v Borough of Par- race Uta Friday, September 6-Friend v Victoria Insurance Company, Limited. Rickards 6 Railway Commissioners of New South Wales, 'Banbrook and others v. limite Monday, September 9 - Hubrigv Hayley, Bank of New South Wales Moss, I cells v Vining, Visit 2 v Hunt Tuesday, september JOAN. s W severance Coronation v. t Victoria Life and General In surance Company and Sayings Institute 1 S and A G Bond y V Weston, Berndt v the 1 hillip-btephan Photo Litho. Company, Ghost and another v ribs Wednesday, September 11-inch and others v N S Wales Shale and üilConi,un\, IUUIIMIV v li eke der and another, Attorney-General v Lloyd, Mr cattle Bank of Sydney v. Jones No 2 IciiT Coeur . Monday, "september 2 - Bone and another v Wild M'lnrlanu v Lord Bates v Parsons and another. Tier V. Clinch. Tuesday, September 1 -Borough of Alexandria v Cooper, NcwKcioim Gold mining Co Limited, v Bradley, The Assets Realization and General Finance Co., Limited, v. Starkey and another Wednesday, September Watkins v Wilson, stewart and another v 1 Twyford, Bath and another v VI sullen, Bnl winkel v Bubb Thursday September J -Gall higher v Milne, West by Page, A J. S Bank Shepherd nine > Sb malan Friday, September0-lee and another v 1 case, Bond v. I) AreA, VU«M0 v Mill on, Proctor and another v Elliott and others, Monday, by ptemberl-M'laughlin v Bennett and others, I Lassetter and Co 1 milled, v Kirkland, Bun 2 Lo len, Hopkinson and another v. Chun and I inman's Patent excavator and 1 lller Company, Limited, Dun and others v Brown Tuesday, September 10-1 Edginton and another v. Dunn and another. Spalding and mother v The l'lnlllp-Stephaii Company Limited, Cosgrove s Broken Hill Silver mining Company, Limited v O'Donnell. A I S Bank v M issey Wednesday, September 11. Murphy v Loveridge and another, Caulfield v Val Les, the Not ion II Bank at Austral asia v. Boyd, Jester v Bolton and others No 3 Jury Court Monday, September 2 Loxton and another v Bill said, boutur v Griffin, Spencer v. Harris and others, Single v. Burdekin Tuesday, September 3 -O Connor v marshals Skinner T. Jeanneret, Williams v Vail, Bulletin Newspaper Com- pan v Bridgewater Wednesday, !-e|ileniber 1 - Jacobs v Cavanagh, I Lassetter and Co., Limited, v Bennett Ncwillv Kinsela, the Swiney Agency and Finance Co , Limited v V Wilson Thursday, septennial 6 - Clniciiei. reverend North Coast lnimers'Co operative As one union VI'Kue and another, Fenwick and others v W Cox, River, and Com] any, Limited 1 each, Samper v Rule Friday, September 6 Pitt and others v. Wind, Armstrong" V Commercial Banking t output, 1 limited. Bank of New bcuthVVutcbv Davis, Dodds v Brown Monday, September calling of New filmed v Penson, A I S Bank v Bennett, Nicholson., jun , > Palmer, mine v Bennett. TUCKER, September EDITOR and matin r v Williams, Hartnell A New South Wales import Investment. Com pany, Richardson v Campbell, Motion Brothers v Louis and others Wednesday, September 11 Watson and another v. land, Mercantile hint. of Sidney v Value, New South Wales t oar and Agency Company, Limited, v Systrum, Orient Company Limited, v Mount Kembla Coal and Oil Com- pony , Lim! ed 