(Talcs aud «f feette. [KOW HBSr PUBLISHED.] BY ORDER OF THE CZAR. THE TK*CIO STOEV OF NAKA KLOSSTlKK, THK v[DKrN OF lUi. GHETTO. BY JOSEPH HAT COS. Author of ' Cruel Londou,' ?? The Throe Becrnits,' 'John Needham'a Doable,' tc. [all rights beserveii.] paeFil Chapter III.— Two Mekkt Sistees. ' It m the open of Carmen,' said Philip ; ' a favourite opera of mine, because it seems to me to be a consistent and possible story, the music and words deftly wedded, the choros people coming ia tuLtnr&Uy;, as part of the story and not merely to sing, lodted, it is the only opera in which one's imagination does not seem to be especially or remarkably handicapped, when at a tragic moment the hero begins to sing, and when Ihe heroine, being stabbed to the heart, or dyiDg of poison, does not also burst one into a woaderfnE effort of vocalisation.' 'Oh, you demand realism in opera, do yon? And yet I hear yon prefer a. light melodramatic work, such as Carmen, to the great Wagnerian dramas.' ' Bat 1 don't make any sweeping criticism for or against any opera or any composer,' Philfp replied. 'Carmen always appealed to me somehow (or its utter naturalness ; I may be wrong, I dare Bay I am. Well, it was at the scene where Mich&vel; tries to persuade the soldier lover to go home — the scene with the banditti in the mountains, yon know — when I was suddenly conscious of a Bew presence in the house, not upon the stage, but in the theatre. 1 had glanced aside for a moment, and in the box immediately opposite — £*dy Marchmount's box, in fact — I ?aw a face partially hidden among the curtains, pale, earnest, with great bright eyes, and a halo of dark red hair ; the lips were parted, the face all eager and wonderfully beautiful, and it seemed to me ss if the ♦Iftquffft eyes fell upon mine. I was fawin«t«i ; as I gazed, the face gradually withdrew into tbe shadow of the box. When, the act was at an end I visited Lady Ilarchmount. While I shook hands with her ladyship, I looked round her box. 'You expected Lord Mai ohmountr she said. 'He Is obliged to be at the House ; but I think he wfU come before the end of the last act. My girls are with their aunt ; I am quite alone. WD1 yon not sit?' I thought she seemed to lie fallring and explaining why she was alone for the sake of putting me off my inquiry as to toe lady who was in the box dnring the bandit scene ; I don't know what made me think so. ' But the lady,' I said, ' who was here a few minutes since? -What lady? she asked. ' She was at the back of the box,' I ?aid. 'I have had no visitor that I am aware of, except yourself.' 'I beg your pardon, perhaps it was in the next box : I am sure you will forgive my curiosity. Lady Marchmount, but it was a very remarkable and beautiful face, and it went straight home to my imagination as the very face I want forapictnrelamgoingtopaint.' 'That is a convenient exense you artists make for introductions to pretty woo.en, but 1 have had no lady in my dox to-night. If, however, you are in search of beauty, what say yon to U.J.I.. Petronoviteh V She indicated the royal box with her fan, and handed me her glass. 'I looked over the way and saw a handsome foreign-looking woman, chatting with a distinctly RussUn officer ; both lrjr..faj| the lady evidently happy, the flffiwr somewhat constrained in bis manner, and with, as I thought, a cruel mouth, and a cold resolute eye. 'General Petronoviteh,1 ?aid Lady Marchmount ; ' the famous Russian diplomat and soldier, making a tour of Europe by way of honeymoon, coupled with official business; U to honour the Italian Court during the coming festivities at Venice ; a T^mrJiinnnt to Ifelj which tronbles France, anddoes not delight Germany. Lord March mount was to have come to bring the General to my box, and no doubt wilL Wont you stay?' 'Thank you, Lady Marchmount,' I ?aid, 'I have a friend who is a stranger to town,1 which was perfectly true : a young fellow to whom my mother was annous 1 should pay attention. So I left the box, and made a survey of the house from various points, but my mysterious and beautiful vision was nowhere to be seen.' ' It waa not a vision after all, eh T not a dream, face, incident and all ?' 'No, it was a reality, and I cannot help thinking Lady Marchmount had some reason for laying she had no other visitor except my 'Bnt surely ehe would not have told a deliberate lie about it V ' She might have done so with a reser vation.' 'But why 1' ' Ah, there you bring me to a dead Btop. ' Wonld it have been possible for the lady to have gone into the bor and Lady March mount not have seen her ? ' Yes. if the door had been left open, am Lady Marchmount had been deeply interested in the play; but she »as not Her interest was in the Russian party in the Royal box. 11 Was the stranger long in the box ? ?? About as long as it took me to tell you 'She was very mnch in earnest, yon say ; was she deeply interested in the opera ? 'On reflection it seems to me she must have been directing her gaze upon the Kussian box; and yrt also I fancied she looted at meai well Bat the incident w« brief, and what struck me was the wonderful, amd, tragic beauty of the face.' ' Madame Lapnkin's ghost, Phil !' ' No ghost,' said the artist, his eyes upon the face he had drawn. ' Then we will find her. You have all one requires,' pointing to the picture, ' to assist an independent search. 'Wanted, a mysterious lady, last seen at the opera of Carmen in Lady Marehmount's box, half hi-iiien in the curtains, reminded an enthuBi aBtic artist of ? ' ' ' Don't scoff, Dick,' said Philip ; ' you hive no idea how serious I feel about that ' Of course yon do. One only wants the assurance of ynur canvas to know that. Bnt what other steps, if any, have you taken to find MaHame ?' ' 1 have been to the opera every eight since, iu and out. making calU ; I went into tbe Milbanke'e box. Then another took my mother ; another went into the stalls. I have striUed into the Bow, cold as it is, and I have called upon Lady Marchmccnt.' ' And no clue?' ' Not the slightest.' ' What does Doliy— Miss Norcott— say to it?' 'To what?' ' To your search for the mysterious beauty ? ' ' 1 have not mentioned the subject to her.' ** Bnt I thought a young fellow mentioned pretty well everything to his fiancee,' ' Dolly is not my JUauxe,' said the artist. '? Is it all off, then ?' ' It was never all on.' 'Oh, indeed ; excuss me, I thought from what your mother said the other night that it was Bettled, and that you were going with the Milbankes to Venice.' ' I am thinking of going to Venice.11 ' And 'making a studio there for a month or two?' ' Yes.' 'Convenient to have Dally and her very amiable sister there at the eame lime ; save you from erauo, and enable yon to forget that ' I shall never forget it.' ' Nor wtU the public,' said Dick, ' if you finish your picture as you have begun it. I don't want to surprise your secret^ but Mihs Norcott is a very bright, charming, and desirable young woman.' Philip's reply was interrupted by a triple knock at tbe door, followed by a merry, musical voice, which asked, 'Is anything dreadful going on ' May we come in ?' ' That is Dolly,' said Philip. 'Sounded to me like Mrs Milbanke,' stud Dick. 44 She eaid * we/ ' observed Philip, going to the door, '* and that ' we' means Dolly and her aster Jenny.' 41 Of coarse you may,' said the artist, leading in a pretty, fashionable girl of a little over twenty.' 4 'Jenny is with me — she stayed to speak to the porter's wife. Here she is ; come in, Jenny, there is nothing dreadful going on, only Mr. Chetwynd,' said the young lady, in a pleasant voice. 'Oh yes, there is,w she continued, all in the same breath, and looking straight at Philip's sketch. ' What a miserable lot! Bat how clever? Is this yours, Mr. Forsyth ?' *' Yes, I think so,' said Philip, bis manner somewhat constrained as compared with bis frank conversation with Dick Chetwynd. ' One of Forsyth'e dreams.' said Chetwynd, at the same time greeting Daily's sister, Mrs. Milbanke. ' What a queer dream,** went on Dolly, ** bnt Mr. Forsyth has ugly dreams.' ' Not always/' said Dick, emiling in bis bland, calm way. ' Fob are looking charm 44 Oh. I am not one of Mr. Forsyth'a dreams ; I am a very Bober reality. Am I not, Mr. Phillip Forsyth!' Here she turned her merry eyes upon Philip, and was the very antithesis of the woman in the picture. Dolly was beaming with good health, a pretty blonde, dainty figure ; very modern, an artist would say. and so she was in dress, utyle and manner ; a tennis player, a flirt, and yet at heart a goodnatnred pleasant London gtrL And she was London, every inch of her, with all the London chic and audacity ; fearless in her pleasant ignorance of art and all It branches, except the art of dreBs and the art of small talk ; she wonld talk on anything, art or what not — the musical glasses, or the music of the spheres ; she laughed at her own ignorance when it be came too apparent, but Bhe could waltz divinely, sing snatches of all tbe modern operas, comic and otherwise, play bits of Wagner, Chopio, Mendelssohn, Sullivan , never finished anything, however, and was altogether a pretty, dainty, amusing, light hearted London girL And her sister, Jenny. staid in manner and conversation, she being married and Dolly only on the eve of btiug engaged. They were of medium height, both of them, the one a. little prettier than the other, both merry, both touched with the Society mania of knowing the ' smartest people, don't yon know ?' both flirts, both genial, pleasant and good women. Once in a way some conceited person of the opposite sex would mistake their tret* and unconstrained manners, and trespass by euggestioa or remark upon what they considered their good nature, and then it woul-i be revealed to him and sundry, that Dolly and her sister ' stood no nonsense,' t' use a favourite phrase cf Mr. Samuel Swynford, an admirer of both the sisters and especially of Dolly, for whom it was generally known he cherished a more or less secret passion. ' They both like a bit of fan,' said Sam to a friend, who bad heard of a snub Mn. Mil bin kc had administered to a certain noble lord, **but they know just how far to go, and any fool who ia nutequaTy well i informed comes a cropper, I can tell you, if ho (presumes upon their good nature. It's like a bear transaction against a strong syndicate. I knew a fellow who did a big bear on Nitrates just as tbe rise began ; he did not know how the North wind was blowing, any more tnan did yon noble lord when be ventured to discount tbe high, unblemished and beautifully moral characters of Dolly .Norcott and her Bister Jenny.' They were daintily dressed, the two merry sisters. Dolly might hare been called a harmony in pink ; for if her cloak was of dark plash, the lining was of soft pink silk, and her hat was of some indescribably pinky salmon colour, in tone and sympathy there* with. Jenny, her sister, was dark, not a brunette, bnt her hair waa a very deep brown, her eyes hazel, her complexion what Disraeli wonld have called rich, and while there was a strong family likeness to her sister, she was not as pretty as Dolly, nor had she the fresh ness of youtb, that was Dolly's precious pos session both lu fact and in appearance. Dolly was twenty three, Jenny was thirty. Jenny wore a pluah cloak of a Head gold colonr, and unbuttoning it, disclosed a lovely dress of ruby silk, bhe wore a plusb hat to match her cloak, tall and stately with nodding decorations, such as gentlemen find very awk ward at theatrical matin tea, and against which one of the free and independent states uf America is about to pass a law. Before it comes into force it is to be hoped the fashion of exaggerated bats will have changed, though it must be admitted that the prevailing fashions are not nnpictnxesQue. Dolly Norcott and Mrs. Milbanke might have been presented to the most querulous American critic of tall hats as very pleasant arguments in their favour, aiid one would not object to have had the two ladies put into competition with any two American beauties of their age, or indeed in competition with any two Bisters of any other country, though of late years .America h*« claimed the p^lm. and many Englishmen seem to have conceded to them the claim for feminine beanty over the old country and every other. Bat do woman in all the world grows old as gracefully or beautifully as an Englishwoman ! There is Lady M arch monwt, for iT'itffTi'*ri She is nearly sixty ; she looks forty, has tbe voice of thirty, the manners ot a matron, the heart of a girl ; there is not a wrinkle in her face, nor a white hair in her head. And yet she does not, ae do many American ladies of her age. dress as if she were twenty ; Bhe accepts the fact of her age, assumes tbe role of a matron who is a grandmother, and pre serves, ae she will to her last days, a charm of manner and a womanly grace which is ex ceptionally the inheritance of Englishwomen. *' Don't go on oar account, Mr. .Chetwynd,' said Mrs. MilW'*'* ; 41 we only called because we were passing, and Dolly wondered what Mr. Forsyth was doing. We have been calling on Lady M-tif*bmnunt.' ' Many people there?' ask Philip. ' No, twenty or thirty,' said Dolly. ' The usual set : members of Parliament's wives, a prim-, donna ''ft^c*^ to sing, a thought reader, and Beveml persons from the Italian Embassy.' 4- Many ladies ?' asked Philip, his mind ' Why, I told yon, ' said Dolly, ' the same old Bet ; are yon still dreaming ? There was a very pleasant man who knows Venice well ; he eays we ought to stay there at least two months — that for his part he could live there for ever ; and Jenny told him you are going to have a studio there and paint, at which he was deeply interested.' *'0h, here you are,' said Mrs. Milbanke, as the porter's wife entered with tea. 'I ventured to ask for some tea, Mr. Forsyth,1* said Mrs. Milhanka '* I always think it ia bo delightful, tea in a stndio ; and especially when there is do fuss and the men can go on smoking. * Liberty HalL' as Mr. Samuel Swynford Bays.' 'Just so/' said Chetwynd. 'Has Mr. Swynfurd nude a fortune yet?' ' I am sure I don't know. He was very mysterious the other night with Walter about some Transvaal mines that are a certainty. I don't quite know whether he U a boll or a bear, bat he says they will go op to ten premium, and that when they do he is going to have a holiday. He has let Walter have a few shares.' '? Which I fear will settle poor Sam's pros pects,' chimed In Dolly, 'an Walter told him ; for if ever there is an unlucky fellow ia the world, it in Walter.' 14 He does not think so,' said Chetwynd ; ' at all events he does not look it when be is ont with his wife and sister.' 'Ah, he ia a, dear fellow— Walter,' re marked Dolly, sipping her tea, and suddenly remarking to Philip, ' won't you make me a cigarette ? I might take one whiff, eh ? There was a Kussian woman at Lady March mount's who smoked a cigarette, much to everybody's sarpri e ; it is true she only smoked it in the hall when she having. They tay cigarette smiting grows on one like dram-drinking ; your mother. Lady Forsyth, allows it at her Sunday Evenings, Mr. Philip ?' ?' Yes,' Philip replied, ?' she alW« many things which I don't thick I would thermit.' 41 Walter wont let oe smoke,' said Mrs. Milbanke ; '* not that we want to, but he won't have it at alL although Le himself smokes from morning till night.' ?? Walter is very fanny about bia Bmokiug,' eaid Dolly ; ' he says it is a good thing for the bouse, and a good thing for him, but a bad thing for women — taints their breath, makes them mannish, which he bates. Hot your picture, Mr. Forsyth.' ?? Do you think so ?' 41 Yes, but 1 snppose she is intended to be tragic, eh?' 41 1 thought so ; the young man is dying of cold and weariness, and she wants to help him, and tuat Cossack soldier wrn't let ber. What a louk etie givu iiim 1 It will U h du. 'Do you think so?' exclaimed Philip. with a smile of satisfantirn. 'Dick la pleased with it.' ' Then it most be good,' remarked Jenny* ?' if Mr. Chetwynd thinks so, and is not afraid to pot his thoughts into words.' '* T'flftfd, you seem to know me, Mrs. Mil banke. What a pleasant tiling it is to ban a. character that everyone can read like a book— to wear one's heart upon one's sleeve, as Shakespere has it.' ' For daws to peck at, eh ? Then Tin a daw, Mr. Chetwynd, thank you. Too didn't* t&ink; I knew my Shakespere, I suppose. Come, Dolly, now we most go. I have scored off Mr. Chetwynd, and I will not etay a minute longer.*' ' That is so like Jenny,' Dolly remarks to Philip; 'whenever she wins anything she leaves right off. Some people lay down their cards or their bat or leave the tables when they lose, Jenny always leaves when she wins' ' Except that once, Dolly, at Monte Carls ; do you remember? Don't think I gamble, Mr. Chetwynd, bat at Borne do as the Romans do. We were at Monte Carlo last winter with Walter, and, of course, we went to the tables. I know nothing about Faro and that kind of thing, 1 simply backed the red— it waa the day before we left— it came op five timfn, five timpa ten pounds, and thw- I put all the fifty on ; it came up again, and then I would leave. Don't you think I was wise?' ' Yon are always wise, and always delight ful,' said Dick. 'Come along, Dolly. Good-bye, Mr. Foruyth. I know Mr. Chetwynd is going to say something sharp and catting ; I won't hear it. Come along, Dolly ; I can hear the carriage on the graveL I told him to come for as in a quarter of an hoar. A% rtvoir, Mr. Forsyth ; yon are coming to dinner.' ' To talk over Italy, and especially Venice.' said Dolly, turning the battery of her eyes upon Philip. And what lovely eyes they weie, blue as an ItiTinn sky, her lips as red as its coral, and her whole figure, appeazanM. manner, voice, the warm pressure of her hnrn3t radiating hrfith *'-* — 'npia good ~ nature. Chapter IV.— Thi Uhjukkss at Home. ** By Jove, you are to be envied,*' '^''wfl Dick when the two women had left ; ' at fis* a woman as the most fastidious Sybarite with a love of life and Jp'tfttin happiness eonld desire. Just the kind of girl for you ; not too learned, no dreams, enough appreciation of art to give yon a frank and oscf ol opinion ? the outside opinion, the opinion of the public ? no sulks, no mad partition, plenty of **thth sense, good spiritB, a nice little fortune, would entertain your guests right merrily. I think your mother is very wise to encourage the match. And the right sort of family to go into. Walter Milbanke is as good a fellow as there is going ; got a song conveyancing practice left by bis father. Hi* mother is rich. Dolly's people are in Rood society and well off, and Mrs. Milbanke is one of the most charming and agreeable of hosts. Why dont you settle it all, Phil ? Yen are the sort of young fellow who should get married. You want sympathy, and you want a comfortable and well-managed home.' \- She Li a delightful girL Dolly-as you say, Dick, very pretty. I am sure she is generous, in spite of that suggestion of worldliness that comes out in her conversa tion. Bat ehe is not like that with me. I think it is part of the enrrent ooin of 8oHHj talk ; but 1 hate Society.' 'ftlo, yon don't, old chap ; yon hate what people call Society, what your mother calls Society, what my wife calls Society; you enjoy that, and you ean make your own set. When you marry Dolly, you can interpret your own idea of Society, and translate it as you please. Come, old fellow, dont brood over the gold medal ; don't think too mnch of the model you want for the forlorn woman in the foreground. We will find her, or «'iothw as good. Come op into the East End one day (your tragic heroine has a Jewish cast of cuootenance), I will trte yon to a Jewish quarter where you will find several Polish faces that might ait for your Siberian picture.' 'The (despair would be there, perhaps.' said Philip, ' bat not the beauty, not tbe dignity, not the strength, not the threat of vengeance in tbe eyes, not the deep ttnnge reminiscence of Buffering I saw in the month t and in the clenched, bony, bat refined fingers ; no, that is a face I should say one is only likely to see once in a lifetime.'' Let us follow Mrs. Milb&nke; and her wrtfr home, Dolly Norcott lives with her parents at Norwood, but epeuds most of her time at Westbniy Lodge. St_ John's Wood Road. They call it Westbury Lodge because Walter Milb&nke; has an estate at Westbury, near Bristol, and there is a little territorial vanity in thi£ afaaot-idtiun of name. It is a pictu resqeo, two-etorcy house, fenced in and look ing the daintier for tbe fencing when the front gate is oja;o &.od you get a glimpse of a long gr&.s covered pith, at ike etd of which tbeie is a Le^cUttJ hj.il, tnd beyond a back g«r.|en, with tennis ne:s *nd fl^w^iti. Wedttury Lodge is by no meais palatial, but it is sufficient for the wants of the Milbanktra, Waiter often declaring that if he were worto twenty thousand & yuar he would not want a. larger house, n.ir weald he desire to live one jut mute oattnUtitmsly Ihmi at present ; though his wife ventures to remark that sue hopea if ever he- his twenty thousand a year ho nil! gi. into Tailiament, and »oik Walter meets hi.- wife sad si-t«- in the hall, kisses them both, asks where they have been, what the news is, and tells them he has only rot be late— he hut asked Sain Svyuford to join them. Jeuny says she tfamka that uofnrtuuate, aiid tasks if h«- has for^olt U that rh-uu Forty Lfa i- coining, uid 'hat ifae No, Walter says he naa not forgottga ; and the bet is, he says, he does not choose to hate this fast and loose busueaa of Mr. Philip Forsyth, and he is not sure that Sun Swyn tard wvnld sot be a much better match. Anyhow he regards it as a good idea to bring tte two young fellows together aa mnch as possible, that Dolly may make op her mind, or that the two young fellowa may kill each other ot* do something. For bia part he does Dot intend thia affair to gs on ; if Philip accompaniea t^*°ffl to Xtaly why of cumse that may be uid to eettle the question. ' But he would go, Wally dear, whether we go or not. He has taken a studio there, or intends to do ao.n ** He exnreaaed no intention of the kind onta be knew we were going there.' ' That U true,' the wife replied. *? And hia mother haa twice apoken to me about Dolly, and expressed a hope that ahe and Forsyte fronld make a match of it at once. ' How happy could I be with either,' «h V esntinnd Walter, patting one arm round Dolly aad another round his wife, and leading them into the drawing- room. ' That* a your sentunent, eh, DoUy T~ ' Oh, I dont know, tTaUy. I think I like PhJlip h^rt. pft ]b romuitic uid interesting j gremttxwitiop.' ' When yon will have to do all the wor ?kipping,'1 mid Walter. 'These artutic geniuses, these men of distinction — authors painter*, artists, acton— they dont make good husbands as a rule ; they have whims and hnmnin r liiih'hTb. I beliere they **»H them ; the more successful they arm, the more dreamy and exacting. Society upoUs them.' 44 Bat I am bound to say Philip pats on no ?in,' Dolly replied; 'he is very modest, '?Oh, yea, no doabt; but when succcsb conies then comes hero-worship and all that sort of tiring. For show, I daresay Forsytb wtMld fiifikff tfig *yfft hnsband i a fint* hsjid tame young man to ait by your side at the *Hwrn. to drive in the park, and for other vomen to envy and try to get him away from yon. Bat far a good, honest, deroted, use ful, and wealthy, husband — and I say ?wealth; advisedly, be knows what be is about— I would back Sam Swynford. Yon eonld hare your own way with him, just aa Jenny has with me.' This Walter said with an tmflpiio rt\nffcl*r adding, ' Sam is by no mft^jit, the tool some people affect: to think him ; I knoir that he mads ten thousand pounds last week fn Primiiins— bought them at ?eventy and held on like grim death till they vent op to two hundred and twenty. Think of the'eonnge of a stroke like that, aad the knowledge ; there is not a cooler head nor a softer heart on the whole Exchange. And now. my dean, as yon are in full ptfrsiinp of my views, I vote yon go and dreas for dinner and act accordingly.' ( To U continued. ) 