HAUNTED HOUSES. BY WILLIAM C. PRESTON. In the long winter evenings when we gather round the cosy fireside, feeling all the more happy and comfortable because we know it is so cold and dreary without there are few more favourite pastimes than that of telling ghost stories. And singularly enough, it is often most love by those who are most in danger of being unnerved by it. Most of us, at one time or other have sat by the hearth until the small hours of the morning listening to tales of horror until our heart shave fainted within us at the very prospect of going to bed and yet we have been anxious to hear more, and the fascinations of tbe etory have increased in proportion as it has inspired feeliogs of greater terror. Here are two such stories ; one of them remains shrouded in mystery although perhaps, if we did but know it, the explanation would be as Bimple as in the case of the other. We will give the more mysterious one first. It is recounted in a letter, written by a member of a very distinguished English family. t "Sir James, my mother, with m yeel f and my toother Charles went abroad towards the end of jtke year 1786. After "trying several different places, we determined to settle at Lille, where -we found the masters particularly good, and where we had alas letters of introduction to several of the best French families. "There Sir James left us, and after passing a few days in an uncomfortable lodging, we engaged a nice large family house, which we engaged a nice large family house, which liked much and which we obtained at a very low rent, even for that part of the world. About three weeks after we were established in mother to the bankers for the purpose of delivering our credit for Sir Robert our new, residence, I walked one day with my mother to the bankers, for the purpose of deliverying our letter of credit from Sir Robert Herries, and drawing some money, which, being paid in heavy five franc pieces we found we could not carry, and therefore requested the banker to send saying "we live in the Place du Lick d er." Whereupon he looked surprised and observed that he know of no house there fit furious, except indeed he added the one that has been long uninhabited in coincidence of the revenant that walks about. He said this quits seriously and in a natural tone of voice inspite of which we laughed and we were quite entertained at the idea of a ghost; but at the same time we begged him not to mention the matter to our servants lest they should take any fancies into their heads; and my mother and I resolved to say nothing, about it to anyone' "I suppose it is the ghost, said my mother, laugh- ing that wakes us often by walking over our heads. We had in fact been awakened several nights by a heavy foot, which we sup- posed to be that of one of the man-servants, of whom we had three English and four French; of women servants we had five Enlish, and all the rest was French. The ENglish ones, men and woman every one of them returned ultim- ately as England with us. "A night or two afterwards, being again awakened by the step, my mother asked Cross- well, 'who slept int he room above us?' "No one, my lady, she replied, "It is a large empty garret.' " About a week or ten days after this Cresswell came to my mother, one morning, and told her that all the French servants talked about going away, because there was a revenant in the house ; adding, that there seemed to be a strange story attached to the place, which was said, together with some other property, to have belonged to a young man, whose guardian, who was also his uncle, had treated him cruelly, and confined him in an iron cage ; and as he had subsequently disappeared, it was conjectured he had been murdered. This un:le, after inheriting the property, had suddenly quitted the house, and sold it to the father of the man of whom we had hired it. Since that period, though it had been several times let, nobody had ever stayed in it above a week or two ; and, for a considerable time past it had had no tenant at all. " ' And do yon really believe all this nonsense, Creaswell,' said my mother. '"Well, I don't know my lady,' answered she, ' but there is the iron cage in tbe garret over your bed-room, where you may see it if you please." "Of course we rose to gz, and as just at that moment an old officer, with his Croix de St. Louis, called on ns, we invited him to accompany ns, and we ascended together. We found, as Cre;bwell had said, a large empty garrett, with bare brick walls and in the further corner of it stood an iron cage such as wild beasts are kept in, only higher ; it was about four feet square, and eight in height ; and there was an iron ring in the wall at tbe back to which was attached an old rusty chain, with a collar fixed to the end of it. I confess it made my blood creep, «rhen I thoug'at of the possibility of any human being having inhabited it. And our old friend expressed aa much horror as ourselves assuring us that it must certainly have been constructed for some such dreadful purpose. As, hoa-ever, we were no believers in ghosts, we all agreed that the noises must proceed from somebody who liad an interest in keeping the house empty ; and since it was very disagreeable to imagine that there were seiret means of entering it by night, we resolved as soon as possible to look out for another residence, and, in the meantime to say nothing about the matter to any one. About ten days after this determination, my mother observing one morning that Cress well, when she came to dres3 her, looked exceedingly pale and ill, inquired if anything was the matter with her? 'Indeed my lady,' answered she, 'we have been frightened to death, and neither I nor Mrs. Marsh can sleep again in the room we are now in.' ' Well,' returned my mother, you shall both come and sleep in the little spare room next us ; but what has alarmed you ? ' " "• Some one, my lady, went through our room in the night; we both saw the figure, but we both covered our heads with the bed-clothes, and lay in a dreadful fright till morning.' " On hearing this, I coold not help laughing, upon which Cresswell buret into tears ; and seeing how nervous she was we comforted her by saying that we had heard of a good house, and that we should very soon abandon our present habitation. "A few nights afterwards, my mother requested me and Charles to go to her bed-room and fetch her frame, that she might prepare her work for tie next day. It was after rapper, and we were ascending the stairs by the light of a lamp which was always kept burning, when we saw going up before us a tall thin figure, with hair flowing down his back, and wearing loose powdering gown. We both at once concluded it was my sister Hannah, and called out : 'It won't do, Hannah, yon cannot frighten us.' Upon which the figure turned into a recess in the wall; but as there was nobody there when we passed, we concluded that Hannah hid contrived eomehow or other to slip away and make her escape by the back stairs. "On telling this to my mother, however, she said, -'It is very odd, for Hannah went to bed with a-head ache before yon came in from your walk,' and sure enough, on going to her room, there we found her fast asleep ; and Alice, who was at work there, assured ns that she had been so for more than an hour. On mentioning this circumstance to Cresswell, She turned quite pale, and exclaimed that that was precisely the figure she and Marsh had Been in their bedroom. "About this time my brother Henry came to spend a few days with UB, and we gtve him a room up another pair of stairs, at the opposite end of the houre. A morning or two after his arrival, when he came down to breakfast, he asked ray mother angrily whether she thought he went to bed drunk and could not put out his own candle, that the Bent those French rascals to watch him. My mother assured him that she had never thought of doing such a thing ; but he persisted in tie accusation, adding, ' Last night I jumped np and opened the door, and by the light of the moon through thî tkylight, I saw a fellow in his loose gown at the bottom of the stairs. If I bad not been in my shirt I would have gone after him and made him remçmber coming to watch me. ' " We were now preparing to quit the house, Laving secured another belonging to a gentleman who was going to spend some time in Italy ; but a few days before our removal it happened that à Mr. and Aim. Afkyns, some English friends of ours, called, to whom we mentioned these strange circumstances, observing how extremely unpleasant it was to live in a house that somebody found means of getting into, though how tbey contrived it we could not discover, nor what their motive could be, except it was to frighten us, observing that no one could deep in the room Marsh and Cresswell bad been obliged to give np. Upon this, Mrs. Atkyns laughed heartily, and raid that she should like of all things to sleep tiiere if my mother would allow lier, adding, that with her. little terrier she should not be afraid of any ghost that ever appeared. As my mother bad of cmrse no" objection to this fancy of hers, Mrs. Atkyns requested her husband to ride home with tbe groom, in order that tbe latter might bring her night things before the gites of tie town were stmt, as they were then residing s little way in the country. Mr. 'Atkyns smiled, and said she "was very bold ; but lie made no diffcnlty, and sent the tilings," and liis wife retired with her dog tp her room when "we retired to ours apparently without the least apprehension - " When she -came down - in the morning we were immediately struck at seeing her look very ill, and on inquiring if she too had been firght- ened, she said she shad been awakened in the night by something moving in her room, and that by the light of tie night la up she saw mast distinctly a figure, and that the dog which was very spirited, and flew at everything, never stirred although she bad endeavoured to make him. We clearly that she had been very much alarmed, and when Mr. Atkyna came and endeavored to dissipate the feeling by per- her that she might have dre&mt; it, she got quite angry. We could not help thinking that she had actually seen something ; and my mother said after she was gone, that though she could not bring herself to believe it was really a ghost, still she earnestly hoped that she m'ght get out of the house without seeing this figure which frightened people so much. " We were now within three days of the one fixed for our removal ; I bad been taking a long ride, and being tired, had fallen asleep the moment I lay down, but in tbe middle of the night I was suddenly awakened, I cannot say by what, for the step -over x oar beads we had become so used to that it no longer disturbed us. Well, I awoke ; I had been lying with my face towards my mother who was asleep beside me, end; as fine usually does on awaking, I turned to the other side, where, the weather being warm, the curtain of the bed was undrawn, as it was also at the foot, and-I saw standing by a chest of drawers which were betwixt me and the window, a thin tall figure, in a loose powdering gown, one arm resting on the drawers and the face turned towards me. I saw it quite distinctly "by the night light which burned clearly/" It was a lonj, thin, pale young face with oh I such a melancholy expression as can never be effaced from my memory. I was certainly very much frightened, brit itiy greit toiror- was lest my mother should iwake add see' the figuré. I tamed my bead gently towards ier and heard ter bredvbing high in a sound sleep. Just then the clock on the Btaîrs struck four. I dare ray it was nearly &n; hour before T ventured to. look again,' and when ! did take "courage to turn my eyes to wards the drawers there was nothing; yet I had not heard the slightest sound, though I had been listening with the greatest intensity. As you may suppose, I never closed my eyes again and glad I was when Gresswell knocked at the door, as she did every morning, for we always locked it, and it was my business "to get out of bed and let her in. But on this .occasion instead of doing so, I called out, ' Come in, the door is not fastened; upon which she answered tht it was, and I was obliged to get out of bed and admit her as usual. "When I told my mother what had happened, whe was very grateful to me for not waking her and commended us much for my resolution. She is however, resolved not to rish another night in the house, and we got out of it that very same day, after instituting, with the aid of the servants, a thorough search, with a view to ascertain if there was any possible means of getting into the rooms except by the usual modes of ingress, but our search was vain ; none could be discovered." Considering the number of people that were in the house, the fearlessness of the family, and their disinclination to believe in what is called tie supernatural, together with the great interest the owner of this large and handsome residence must have -had in discovering the trick, if tiiere; had heen one—we must'admit that these extraordinary circumstances are very difficult of explanation. One of tie best stories of a haunted house is that of the royal palace of Woodstock, in the year 1649, when the commissioners sent from London by the Long Parliament to take possession of it, and eda.ee all the emblems of royalty about it, were fairly driven out by their fear of the devil and the annoyances they suffered from a roguish cavalier, who played the imp to admiration. The commissioners arrived at Woodstock on the 13th October, 1649. They took up their lodgings in the late king's apartments, turned the beautiful bedrooms and withdrawing-rooms into kitchens aud sculleries, the council-hall into a brew-house, and mide the dining-room a place to keep firewood in. They pulled down all the insignia of royal state, and treated with the utmost indignity everything that recalled to their memory the name of majesty of Charles Stnart. One Giles Sharp accompanied them in the capacity of clerk, and seconded their efforts apparently with the greatest zeaL He aided them to uproot a noble old tree, merely because it was called the Kings Oak, and tossed the fragments into the dining-room to make cheerful fires for the commissioners. During the first two days they heard some strange noises about the house, but they paid no great attention to them. On the third, however, they began to suspect they had got into bad company ; for they heard, as they thought, a supernatural dog under their bed, which gnawed their bedclothes. On the next day the tables and chairs began to dance, apparently of their own accord. On the fifth day, something came into the bedchamber and walked up and down, and fetching the warming pan out of the withdrawingroom, made EO mnch -noise with it that they thought five church-bells were ringing in their ears. On the sixth day, the plates and dishes were thrown up and down the dining- room. On the seventh day, they penetrated into the bedroom in company with several logs of wood, and usnrped the soft pillows intended for the commissioners. On the eighth and ninth nights, there was a cessation of hostilities ; but on the tenth, the bricks in the chimneys became locomotive and rattled and danced about the floors, and round the heads of the commissioners, alt the night long. On the eleventh the ran away with their clothes, and on the twelfth filled their beds so full of pewter-platters that they could not get into them. On the thirteenth night, the glass became unaccountably seized with a fit of cracking, and fell into shivers in all parts of the house. On th & fourteenth, there was a noise as if forty pieces of artillery had been fired off, and a shower of pebble stones, which so alarmed the commissioners that, " struck with great horror, they cried out to one another for help." They first of all tried the efficacy of prayers to drive away the spirits ; but these proving unavailing, they began seriously to reflect whether it would not be much belter to leave the place altogether to the spirits that inhabited it. They resolved, however, to try a little longer ; and having craved forgiveness of all their sins, betook themselves to bed. That night they tlept in tolerable comfort, bot it was merely a trick of their tormentor to lull them into false security. When, on the succeeding night, they heard no noises, they began to flatter themselves that the spirit was driven out, and prepared to take up their quarters for the whole winter in the palace. These symptoms on their part became the signal for renewed uproar among the spirits. On the 1st November they heard something walking with a slow and solemn pace up and down the witlidrawing-room, and immediately afterwards a shower of stones, bricks, mortar, and broken glasspelted about their ears. On the second stepsw ere again heard in tie withdrawing-room, sounding to their fancy very much like the treading of an enormous bear, Svbich continued for about a quarter of an hour. This noise having ceased, a large warming-pan was thrown violently upon the table, followed by â number of stones and the jawbone of a horse. Some of the boldest walked valiantly the withdrawing-room, armed .with swords and pistols, but could discover nothing. They were afraid that night to go to bed, and sat up, making fires in every room, and burning candles and lamps in great abundance ; thinking that, as the spirits loved darkness, they would Hot disturb a company surrounded with so much light.' ' They were deceived, however ; buckets of water "came down the chimneys and extinguished the fires, and the candles were blown out, they knew not how. Some of-the servants who had betaken themselves to bed were dreoched with putrid ditch water as they lay, and arose in great fright, exposing to the wondering eyes of the commissioners their linen all drippingwith green moisture, and their knuckles red with tie blows they had at the same time received from some invisible tormentor. While they were till speaking, there was a noise like the loudest thunder, or the firing of a whole pack of artillery. One of the commissioners a-ked "in a courageous voice, who was there and what they had done that they should be so troubled. No answer was returned, and the. noises ceased for a while. At length, however, as the commission era said, ' ' tie spirit came again, 'and brought with it seven cthera wotse than itself." Bring again in darkness, they lighted candle and placed it ina doorway, that it might throw a light upon the two chambers at once ; but it was .suddenly blown out, and one commissioner said. he had "seen tie similitude of îl horsed hoof striking the candle and candlestick into tie middle of the chamber, and afterwards making three scrapes on the snuff to put it ont_" Upon "this the same person was so bold as to draw his sword - but be asserted positively that lie bad -hardly withdrawn it when an invisible had sezied hold of it and tagged with him for it, and prevailing, struck him so violent a blow with the pommel that he was quite stuned. Then the noises began again. They were con- vinced by this time it was useless to struggle any longer with the powers that seemed deter- mined to make ---their own. These things happened on Saturday night, and being repeated on teh Sunday, they determined to leave the plate and return to London. BY Tuesday morning early, all their prepara- he, . own | whom be le£1 