THE DAY WILI* COME. B» M. E. BRADDON. Author of 'Lady Aodlay-a Secret,' 'Vixen,' ' XehuML' 'lake and Unlike,' 'tThe Fatal Three.' *a, fto. irublbhed by epeoial anangemcat with the antb a. Ailrh^e-reserred.] Cbapieb XVII. {ContinucdU It waa an hour later before Juliet appealed, oroptnBK up BtiddeBry on ? windy eammoD wiw thiee otfaer frbU and two nan, while the hounds were drawing the furze. ' Ton mb I ceold make a pretty good gness when to find yon,' she «aid to Harringtoa. 'How well the blaok looks. Yon have been savins him up, I sappoee V ' No, I've banted u often m I eonld. I bad bo other diatractaon dorias your. abaence.:- ' Bow aweet of yon to a»y that— with all th ? paietin of Dorchester to allure yon ! Hark ! they've focnd4 and we ?hall be off in a anonte. Yes, there he goes !' pointing with her whip to the spot where the fox bad flashed across tbs enrol level awMfw. vaniehwi? next moment ia the brown heather. 'Now you'll eee this ohewnt perform, and yon can tell me what you think of trim when we meet at dinner.' These wm the tamai minute or so of flatter and expectation, and then the business-like calm— an almost awfol calm— every anao ?ettlingdowii to bk work, intent «poa aimaetf, (teeria^oare&illyforagaod; place. Barnngton was a nervoue rider, and if he «t*t did contrive to get a good place he rarely fa** it To'dayfcewainwwthaBOBnaUyrier. voue, fancying that Juliet'e eye was upon him, which ft waent, and, indeed, could not hare baes, ontHB it had been situated in the back of her &ead.; awe she was already ever ao far in font. In time, however, he. too, contrived to settle down, and the black horse took the bnsiaesa into his own hands and kept his- rider fairly dose to the hounds. For the firtt twenty nmutes there was a good deal ef jaaaping, but of a r'ild''^ order, and Harrington felt that he waa distinguishing himself, inasmuch at he war able to stick to his hone, though not al wajfi a to his- saddle. They lost their first fox after a very fair run* and they waited about for nearly two hours before they started a eecond, which they did eventually in a scrubby copse on the skirts of a great stretch of ploughed land. The plough took a good deal out of ftfahmad, and after the plough came a series of email fields, with some stiffish fences, which had to be taken by any man who wanted to keep with the hoods. Here Juliet wm in her glory, for the chesnut was a- fine fencer, and ?be knew how to handle him, or perhaps it may be said, how to let him alone. Mafamnd had been almost ai fine a fencer aa ths fiery yoong cheannt, and he was ahorse of a great beast, always ready to attempt more than he could do. The livery stable people had told Harrington that if bis legs were only as good «a fafe heart he would beorieoittobesthtmteMintheeannty. And now. with aomeouaveain(r«f spirit on his ewa part, Harzington trnited that heart would stand instead of legs, and get him and the black over the fences somehow. Just at this crucial point in the ran Juliet was in taont of hint, and Major Swanarick was yeaning him behind. He wm near the honods, and alto gether in a place of glory could be bat keep it, and to keep it he felt was worth a straggle. He got over or through the first fence some how, wot Rtorioaely, bat without too much ioas ot time, and pioonednd on towards tbeaacond, which looked a- stiffec and more complicated affair. Juliet'e horse went over like a bird, and Juliet sat him like a butterfly^ no more diteonpoced by the ahocarthan if she had been some winged insect that bad lighted ont nil hanachwi. MahrnndfoHcrwedcloee, excited by the boxee ia frent of him, rose to bu work gallantly, but this tame it waa timber and not quickset that bad to be cleared, and that atiff rail was just too much for the old hunter's Ifegs. He blundered, htt buncelf with/tfae sharp edge of the rail; and fell heavily forward, aending his rider flying into the next field, sun ?inking in a straggling ntaas into the ditch. Major {Swanwiclc dismounted' in an instant, scrambled ovet the hedge, and ran to kelp Harrington up, 'Are yon hurt?' ' Not mueb,' answered the fallen man, with a dazed look, ' Tm afraid my horse ia donef or, tboogh, poor old chap,' In (iut moment his only thought waa of the beast he had been fond of, which had been to him aa* friend, albeit often an unmanageable one. Be had no thought just then of the money value of that donblednp man lying in the ditch. Sfahmud had finished hk oourse. His lore aaa was broken, and fee moat merotfnl tking wastoaBakeaa-wift end of him with a toilet from a gun, which one of the whips fetohed from the nearest farmhouse. Hia owner stood by him and waited for the end, while JuKet and the rest of the hunt tmdloned away out of sight, and when the shot had been fired the ' black hone wm left to be catted off to the kennels, and Harrington tamed to walk slowly 'and sorrowfully to the farmhouse, where he was promised' a trap tn convey him to the Sledlow Arms* Then and then only did he discover that he baddBlocatedhiaebonhlBr and «aa suffering aewte agony, and then and then only did he remember the acoBptanow winch he oad.ghren for the blank horea. Where now were the fifty panada which he had reckoned upon: gelling f or the animal at TaUenaU'a, trasting to Providence, or old Hayfieid, to make ont the Balaam of thirty ! Be saw bimaelf bow with that acceptance falling due and no aeotta. He got back to she rustic inn with great sufierisg, and laid, himself down upon the Btony hearted four- poster instead of dnssing hissaatttogoanddineatMedlow. Tne village ?iny-i» «M¥n» and attended to hia ahouider, a painful bnBiuena^ though not onskilf nlly done, and tben-oe wm told be mnat keep himself as quiet aa possible for a few days, and mtntaiot think of travelling till the tuammatum was reduced. Ik wm his right shoulder oa which he had fallenyand hewaauttetly hnlpleag. Toe candy young man of the Medloir Arms had to vakt him and assist lam to eat the tough mutton chop which was served to him in lien of ail the luxuries of Medlow Court. A messenger came from that hospitable man sion at 10 o'clock with a little note from Juliet. !' Why did you not turn up at dinner-time? Major Swanwiek eaid you wen all right. I waited till I saw yon get op safe and sound. So eorry for poor old afahmud. Coma to breakfast to morrow and tell us all about it. We killed in a quarter of an hour. — Yours, Juliet.' Harrington sent bis best regatdB to Miss Baldwin and his apologies to liady Burden shaw, and begsjed to inform them that he had dislocated his shoulder and was unable to write. He bad a miserable night—eleeplesa and in pain — haunted by tfce ghost of taafamud, whose miserable end afflicted him sorely, and troubled by the perplexities of bis financial position. Should he tell his father the whole truth? Alas, it teemed only yesterday that he bad told his father the whole truth about his college debts, and though truthfulness is a great virtos one of ftese tenths soaring on the Wls of another might be too much for Mr, Palbrook'a patience. 8honld he borrow the xmuRyfram Juatuta? No, too humiliating. He- had always f eft a reatrsiHBg pride in alibis intemoome with his grand rdatuna at Gheritoa Gaase. Sbxar were of his own blood, but they weee abora him in eocial status, and he was sensitirely alive to the difference in position. Gould he apply to bis brother? Again the answer wm in the negative. He doubted whether Theodore possessed eighty guinea* in the world. And so he went on revolving the same? con siderations through bis fevered brain all through tiie long winter night. There were moments of exasperation and semi-delirium, when he thought he would go over to Medlow Ooutt m soon m he was able to move, and appeal to the beneficence of I-ady Bordenshaw for the temporary accommodation of a cheque for eighty guineas. \- And thus the night wore on till the morning sounds of the inn brought the sense of stern reality across his feverish dreams, and then, amidst the crowing of cocks and the bumping of pails, and tramping of hones in the stable yards, he contrived to fall asleep, after having failed in that endeavor all through the quiet of theniRht It wm about half past eleven, and the bandy man had helped him to make a decent toilet and to transfer himself to a sofa that was a little harder titan a bed, when a pony carriage drove up to the door, and the:ohamber-mud came in with an awe-stricken face to announce Lady BurdenBoaw and another lady, and would he please, see them, as they wanted to come upstairs. *.~- The 100m wm tidy, and he wax dressed as well m a wounded man could bp, so he said ye*, they might come up, which waa almost unnecessary, m they were already on the stairs, and were in the room a minute afterwards. Juliet expressed herself deeply concerned at her lover's misfortune, though she did not at tempt to conceal {from him that she considered his riding in fault. Lady Bordeaabaw was more syrnoAtbetio, and wm horrified at the dis comfort or his surroundings. 'Yon cannot possibly endure that cruel looking sofa till joar shoulder is well,' she said, 'and such a small room, too, poor fellow ; and a horrid low ceiling, and the house emella damp. I wonder if we could venture to move him to the court, Jn ?'' Jn 1 was decidedly ot opinion that such a pro ceeding would be to the last degree dangerous. ' The only chance for his sbouUer is to keep quiet,' che said. Unfortunately, the. surgeon had said the same thing, and there could be no doubt about it. ff»ethap»yOT eonld send him a eofa?' Btig fleeted Juliet. ' Ol course I could, and I can send him straps and jellies and things— but that isn't like having him at Medlow, where he could have a large airy room, and where you and I could take it in tarns to amuse him.' 'Dear Lady Busdenenaw, you are togood to an almost stranger,' murmured Harrington, moved to the verge of tears by her geniality. 'Stranger ! fiddlesticks. Don't I know your , eouain, Iiocd Chetxtoa, and has not yonrfatfaer done business for me? Besides I like young men, when they're modebt and pleasant, m yon are; loafed I sometimes like them when they're impertinent. I like young fanes and young voices about me. I like to be amnsedi and to see people trappy. I can't en due, the idea of your lying for ever so many days and nights in this dog kennel, when you came to Medlow to enjoy yourself.' 'It muan't te many days and nights; Z must gbt home somehow by ttia end of the week, if I post all the way.' ** Oh.y ou needn't mwst. When yon are able to be moved, sir aacriaRe shall take yon to the station, and 111 get the railroad people to take an invalid carriage through to Dorchester for you,' 'Indeed, you must not be impatient, Harry,' said Juliet, ' I shall come to see yon every day, except on the hunting days, and then I can walk over ia the evening if Lady, B. will let me.' 'Of eoonM'I snail let you. All my sym pathmjanwtth forata, and when you are mar ried I shall give Mr, Dalbrook aa much of my bnsktna as I possibly can venture to takeaa/aj from those dear old fosrila at Salisbury who haw been the family lawyers ior a century or two,' Juliet bad confided her engagement to Lady B. at tbs) beginning of her wit, sod «be and Lady B. had talked over the young man's chances of .doing well in the world, and the wisdom ortbefeoUahaese of euoh an al&aace.; Lady B. had seen a good deal of smart yonng men and women, and she had discovered that the smart young men were wry keen in the furtherance of their own interests, and that the smart young wenren had considerable difficulty in getting themselves permanently established in the smart world by smart marriages. Some were beautiful, and many were admired, but they had to wait for eligible suitors, and one false atepintbe early stages of their career would sometimes blight their chances of bucobss. Juliet had taken many false steps, and had got henelf a Rood deal talked about, and Lady Burdenshaw felt that her chance of making an advantageous match bad been lessening year by year until it had come to be almost nil. 'If thiB young fellow is sensible and good looking, and baa a little money, I really think. in, you ought to marry him,' concluded Lady B. She fancied that Juliet had cooled somewhat in her feeliogB towards her youthful lover within the last week or xOdaye. It might; be. Lady B. thought, that she began to perceive that he wm too young, that the differancs ia their ages, which was nut mush, and the difference in their worldly experience, which wm enormous, unfitted them to be happy to gether. 'No doubt the young man is a pii alltr,' reflected Lady Burdenshaw after Harrington's appearance at Medlow, ** but he is a very good looking fellow and by no means bad as a pis alltr. Of oourse he is too young for Juliet, and much too fresh and innocent to understand her, but if he knew more he wouldn't ba en eager to marry her, so ehe ought to be satis fied.' Lady Burdenshaw sent a delightful sofa and a lot of books, flowers, pillows, footreats, and other luxuries in one of her own waggons within an hour of her return to Medlow, and Harrington's comfort was considerably us cnaaed by her kindness. Still, the thought of that wretched acceptance was like a thorn in every cushion, a scorpion under every pUlbtr, a map in every flower. Nor was he altogether at ease about Jurkt He thought that he bad detected a constraint in her manner, a shiftiness in her lovely eyes, It had wountfed him that she had so promptly opposed his being conveyed to Medlow. It might be that ehe wm influenced only by concern for his safety, yet it would have been natural for love to wish to have him near to tend and -comfort him in his faelplessnesB. Fain and anguish were wringing his brow, and she who should have been his minister ing angel wm content to limit her ministra tion to half an hour of somewhat diejainted conversation, and to the polite attention, of bringing him the morning papers, when every body atMedlew had looked at them, Lady Burdeosbaw bad very kindly taken upon henelf to write to Matthew Dilbreok explaining his eoa'n prolonged absence, and mak ng light cf his accident m a matter only involving a few daya' rest. The few days had gone on tm the fourth day after his fall, and in spite of aii that Ltdr Burdenshaw had done to ameliorate hia captivity the hours of the day and the bight Beemed to grow longer and longer, till be began to think of Silvio Pellioo and the man in the iron mack. Juliet's visits were so short, and she was evidently absent-minded and bored eeen dnrimr. that scanty half hour which ehe gave to her betrothed. 'I am afraid you are like Colonel Enderby's wife,' he said, 'and that the eight of sickness ox Buffering is more than yon can bear.' ' Who wm Colonel Eoderby'a wife ?' ' Dont you know ? She is the heroine of a very clever novel— an original, strange— and I fear not unnatural character,' ' Dont remember her, 'answered Juliet care lessly. ' I don't read many Tfog'fh novels. They are two slow for me,' On the hunting day be misted even that brief visit, and was expectant of her coming all the evening, aa she had promised to makeup for the day's absence. But the night wm wet, and she told him next day th»t she did not like to take out Lady Bnrdensnaw'e horse and man in suoh weather. ' The etable people would have, resented: it, and I am obliged to stand well with the stable, ' ahesaid. He thought she had a troubled look that day, which wm the third after his accident. It seemed to him that it cort her an effort to keep her attention upon any subject, and she lapsed into silence every now and then, look ing dreamily out of the window to the thatched roofa and ploughed fields in the distance. ' I'm afraid yon have something on your mind,' he said. 'What nonsense! What put such an idea into your head f ' You are so thoughtful and so much more silent than usual.' 'There is bo little to talk abont in a sick room. If I were to tell yon about our doings at Medlow I should only bore you.' 'Not at all. I should be very pleased to hfar bow yon amuse yourself. Is Major Swanwiek still there ?' 'Yes; he 18 still there.' He saw that her cheeks crimsoned as she answered his question, and he wondered whether she had really any penchant for the major, or whether she suspected his jealous apprehensions upon that subject. She got up to go before he could question her further. 'I shall be late for luncheon.' she said, ' and Lady B. hates any of us tone absent,' ' I thought there was no such thing as punc tuality at Medlow »' 'Oh, we see iretty peseta*! at luncheon. It's the bnngry hour, and we are all ravenous. Good-bye.' 'Au rtvoir. You will come to-morrow, love; sod come earlier, I hose.' 'Pas possible. I shall be out with the bounds.' 'Another blank day forme. Bat doa't dis appoint me in the evening whatever the weather may be;' She WMgone, leaving him doubtful of her fidelity, though far from suspecting the extent of her falsehood. He endured the long dull day as beat lie might, and improved his mind by ekimming all the bookB which Lady Burdenshaw bad sent him, which were really the cream of Mudie'e last supply — travels, memoirs, gossip, magazines— books chosen with a view to the masculine mind which was supposed to be indifferent to fiction. .Evening came at last, hu lamp wm lighted, his fire swept and gar nished. The hunting party would be jogging homeward in the wintry darkness he thought. There were three hours to wait before half-past nine, which wm the earliest time at which he could expect his beloved. It was fi little after the half- hour, when his heart began to beat faster at the sound of carriage wheels, This time she was not going to disappoint him. He listened for her Btep upon the stair—the firm, quiok tread hn knew eo well; but it was another step which he heard, a slower and heavier tread, with much rastline of silken draperies. It must be Lady BuideBshaw oome to chaperon her,| It was Lady Burdensbaw, but alone. She came in and drew near his sofa with a serious countenance. 'Great God !' he cried, starting nP from his reclining position ; 'is anything the matter? An accident in the hunting- field? Ia she hurt V' ''No, my poor fellow, she's not hurt. It would take a great deal to hurt her. She's too bard. But ehe has done her best to hurt you.' *? What do you mean ?' 'She has gone oif with that audacious scamp.' ': Major Swanwiek ?' ' Yes. Did you snspect anything ?' ' I thought there wm an understanding be tween them.' ' They went off together early this mornina; ; walked fire miles to the station, leavincr their luggage to be looked after by their servants, who bad received their instructions and got every tiling packed and off by the 1 o'clock train for London. I got this telegram late in the afternoon from Salisbury:— 'Major Swanwiek and I were married at 2 o clock before the registrar. We start for Monte Carlo tonight. Please break it to Harrington; and forgive me for proiog away without telling you. We thought it better to dispense with all fuss,— Yours, lovingly, Jcliet SWAKWICK.' ~C 5 'God help this infatuited^rfti. She bag married a scoundrel without a penny. He behaved brutally to hk first wife, and he is not very likely to treat this one any better. I'm very eorry I ever bad them in my house together. He was an old flame, and be bad loBt her more than one good match by hia equivocal attentions. As to yon, my dear young-fellow, I congratulate you upon a very lucky escape.' Harrington put his band before hia eyes to hide the tears of mortification and wounded love. Yet« even while the sense of dis appointment wm keenest, he bad a feeling that Lady BnrderjHhaw was right, and that hu had cacaped a lifeJour martyrdom. How could he, with his limited means, haveejver satisfied a woman who lived only for pleasure and ex citement, dress and dissipation? Joliet had been very frank with him during their brief courtship, and he had seen enough of her character to know that this eplendtd creature was -not of the«toff that makes a good wife for a professional sm with his straggles all before torn. Be waa aowy, he wan angry, he was wounded to the quick, but in the midst of it all he felt that tore was a burden lifted oGE hia miad, and off his lite—that he«onld breathe more freely, that he wm no longer evexwaighted intheraae. Lady Burdenshaw stopped with him for an hoar, and cold him a (rood msny email facts to his charmer's diaoredit, altbongb he begged her jbom than oaoe to desist. It was her only idea of comforting him, and it may be that her efiort8'were notnusdirseted. He in* ?urprued on the following afternoon by a visit from his father, who wm not satis fied with Lady Burdenanaw's report of bis condition Touched by. this evidence of pStfflltn WtBCCVtOO v'llv? JFOUu^J HI MI wOOtC QOSlTar Ol grace and made a foil eanieaaion— firrt of hia engagement, and next of his pecuniary obliga tions — the acceptance bo soon to fall due, the twenty pounds borrowed from Hayfieid. 'I can pay that very easily out of my allowance,' he said, ' I only tell you abont it to chow what a mean bound I wm becoming.' ' Yon were very hard driven, my poor boy. Yon had been unlucky enough to fall in love with an unprincipled woman. Yon may thank Providence for having escaped a life of misery. Such an alliance as that would have wrecked sour future. I would rather you married a nonremaid with a good character than such a woman a* Janet Baldwin. However, there are plenty of nice girls in your own sphere, thank God, and plenty of pretty girls - with nn blemished character and antecedents.' Harrington went back to Dorchester with his father next day, and the acceptance waa promptly honored when it was presented at the houBeinOornbiU. Sir Henry had cashed it at the local bank almost immediately after it passed into his poesestion, and the baak had regarded the document as good value for their money, Matthew Dalbrook being very unlikely to allow hia«on'e signature to foe dishonored. 