CABLE 1N2TELLIUJERUL. (e·ros thle Sydnuc Daily PapersJ.) Lotooo, MIarch 12. THE American baseball team have opened at the IKenuington Oval. The Prince of Wales was presont at tie first matclh. Lord George Hamilton, first lord of thle admiralty, has stated in the Hlouso of Commous that tho government expecoted to expend half a million sterl oing on thie Australian auxiliary fleet this year, but £280,000 will be found suflicieot, and the remaining portion of the vote will be spread over thle three following years. March 13. The Duec d'Aumale, who Ihas been permitted to return to France, has been welcomed in Paris. He tendered his thanksi to President Carnot, on behalf of the French cabinet, for having repealed thb decree which sent him into exile. In tho House of Commons last night Sir James Ferguesaon, under - secretary for foreign alfairs, admitted, in reply to a questiou on Samoan aflfairs, that thio reported abduction by the Germans of an Euglislh subjeat, who was a passengcer on board the steamner Richmond at Apia, was quite correct. He explained that Prince Bismanrck had disavowed the action of the German authlorities, and Dr. Kuappe, the German consul at Samoa, hlad been recalled. Madams Melba (Mrs. Armstrong), Australian soprano, has been engaged for the forthcoming Italian opera season at Drury Lane theatre. Robert Denis has sued M1r. Henniker Heaton M.P. for Canterbury, for the recovery of £500, alleged to be duoe to plaintiff for writing speeches, articles in thoNational Review, and letters to the Times against the postmaster-goneral (Right Hon. H. C. Railkes) from 1885 to 1888, also his sntatement read before the colonial conferince, and for acting as Beuniker Heaton's "ghost." Thie action has been settled by payment of £400, and £200 costs, to plaintiff. The Times.Parnell commissiono has been adjourned until April 2, the case for the Times having been concluded. Sir Charles Russell, leading counsel for Mr. Par nell, informed the court that he anticipated it would be necessary to call about 400 witnesses for the defence. The Times declares that it awaits with perfect confidence the result of an impartial and thlorough inquiry into Parneilism and its identification with crime in Ireland. Austria has stationed a corps of observation on the Servian frontier. Twenty thousand Austrian troops are to march into Servia at half-a.day's notice. March 14. The House of Commons has, by a majority of sixty-six, rejected a bill introduced by the Porunl lito party ta mitigate the prison treatment of Irish political offenders. h meeting was held in London last night to protest against the treattent of prisoners convicted under the provisions of the Crimes Act. Mr. Gladstone sent a message deelaring that he would uunflinchingly probe thi connection of tihe government with the Times-Parncell commission. At a baonquet given in London yesterday by the members of tho royal colonial instituote, the Prince of Wales expressed regret that theo lnck of timne and opportusity prevented him from visiting Australia. In the welfare of the colonies hl felt the deepest interest, and considered it the duty of every Lstates man to visit those lands. The Prince of Walos rays that the efforts of the colonies have been not only to protect themsolvtes but also to assist the empire. He rulogised the offer of South Australia to send troops to assist the British in quolling the rising in thio Transvaal and tile des patLch of the New South Wales contingent to te ;Soildas. It is the belief of the Prince of Wales that the royal colonial institute ihas greatly assisted in bring ing about an improved feeling betwoeen'the colonies and the mother conutry. The Earl of Carnarvon says that no one desires to precipitate a closer union between tbo colonies and the mother country, and none desires to curtail the autonomy of thel colonies. Lord iKuntsfford is convinced that much boyond mere sentiment binds tise colonies to Eugland. Lord Rnudolph COburchill will co-operate woithl Mr. Gladstone in opposing thie proposal of Lord Charles Hamilton, first lord of the admiralty, to expend £21,500,000 in building seventy new warships. Another fall was experienced yesterday in thb price of copIper, tbhe closing quotation being £31 per ton. RoIIm?alty rsi?alinil anlld Dr'nusrtaic Club.--The lattly-formed club bearing tihe above name gave its rirst entertainment in the academy of music last evening to a fair audience. O'Keeto's string band of thirteen performers played several selections during the evening which nwere very credit able. The entertainment consisted of two comedies entitled Delicate ground, and Fritz, the principal characters being taken by th Misses Walker and E. Miller and Messrs. F. Buckle and H. Cockerill, and aere well represented. Trle Austlra'lianni Strndanrd.-We have to acknowledge receipt of a journal under this title issued in Sydney as the advocate of the principle of laud nationalisation, The present number is a pro. liminary one, designed to bring the paper under the notice of the public; but alter the interval of a month it will be issued weekly. The arrangements appear well designed, and the list of contributors comprises the names of many able exponents of the principle of which IIeury George is the leading apostle. The Standard is a determined opponent of a restrictive policy, and equally as strong an advocate of the single-tax theory-that is, of taxation on laud varlues only. A . ?t'tn'llilng to Iotller's.-Dunogeg, 'Triurs. day.-A peculiar ease of poisoning occurred here the other day. A Mrs. Burgess took a dose of chloro dyne in the night and thou suckled her inlant mtwins. In the morning they showed signs of narcotic poison ing and died during the day. At an inquest a verdict of accidental death wasne returned, no blame being attached to the mother, who was unawanre of the poisonous effecti of the chlorodyno.-'Telegram to Daily Telegraph. B~anik Jiilaiges.-- Mr. Thomao. Graham, manager of the Commercial Bank, Moss Vale, has been promoted to a responsiblo position in the head oflice, Sydney. Mr. E. E. ow will be transferred from Berrima to Moss YVle, and Mr. Doebson, from thl head ofnice, will be placed at IBerrimt for Cho time being. 