NEW PUBLICATIONS. The December isane of the Centennial Maga zine ib a " special holiday cumber," and conse quently contains more light reading than usual. Several short stories are included, all of which are of interest. One of the beat ia "The Castaway of the Barrier," a novelette by David 0. Falk, which is cleverly and dramati cally told. '"My Wife," by Mrs. Percy R, Meggy, iB a story foil of pathos; while E, Mayhew Briseenden's "Mordecai" is a tale which contains a good deal of humor. Rolf Boldrewood'B novel, "Nevermore," is ad vanced a stage farther. Amongst the other, sketches are a Btory for children by E. " Au3 tralie" Heron; entitled The Shepherd's Blessing;" and "One Alone," by Edith Lamb. Included in the articles are some reminiscences of "Melbourne in the fifties," by Mr, James Smith, in which he gives some pleasantly narrated recollections of that period. Another, oa " Australian Ghosts," by W. 0. Hodgbinson. is very read able, as also is ''The Art of Wooing," by W. lewers and F. O. Go vie. The poetical con tributions occupy a considerable spaoe, and are of a meritorious nature- "In Ghildland" conBists of a trio of attractive little poems by Gilbert Parker: while the others comprise "Apollo," by F. Armstrong; "Love and Sympathy." by Howard C. Coghlan; " The Praying Mantis," by Louisa A. Meredith; "A Bunch of Flowers," by Kverard Digby; "Love and Ambition" by E.J.T., and " Suspense" by prances Tyrrell Gill. The only article of a purely solid character is "The Ohuroh and Modern Thought," by H. G. Jackson, 2d. A, The writer deals with the Ohurch of England, which he urgeB should be reconstructed so as to forma "national church," with a " distinctly national element" pervading its new for mularies, He affirms that " the embodiments of the Church's teaching and worship must be replaced, so soon as they may be safely re placed] by other embodiments ; embodiments which may more fully satisfy because they express more adequately the higher thought of the sge-because their language is more generally intelligible to the people at large. And," he says, " as I study the new learning of this nineteenth century in its rise , and progress, sb I compare our period with ' earlier periods I cannot lose heart; I find every reason for encouragement and hope. There are not wanting the signs which tell us as plainly as they can that we are on the eve of another reformation." The magazine contains Bcme excellent illustrations, the frontispiece being a representation of the stained glass window in the Centennial Hall, Sydney, while the whole number is well worth reading. Messrs, E. S. Wigg & Co. have sent us a copy of a cheap reissue of " How I Lost £250,000 in Two Years," by Ernest Benzon, the Jubilee Plunger. The volume contains all the matter which appeared in the original edition, whioh, as may be remembered, was Bold at 10s. The experiences of this Napoleon of gamblers have been so fully outlinedin our columriB that further description would be eupererogatory. It will be appropriate, how ever, to recall the suggestion, of the London Daily News that this preciouB volume should be bound in Christmas covers for youths and placed on the prize-list of Sunday schools. The author may have had some idea of thiB sort in his mind when he dedicated his book to " all parents and guardians" m the hope that it might lead them to deal intelligently with the "helpless children committed to their care," All the moral he himself was able to deduce from his misfortunes is the folly of keeping children with expectations too short of pocket money. When Mr, Benzon found out just before attaining his majority that he possessed a large fortune the shock waB too much for him, and he made the money fly " in two years." It waB a truly phenomenal feat of pecuniary dissipation, and anyone may learn the details by the investment of a florin, 