Dedicating the Anglican Church at Caboolture. LAST Saturday, being Anniversary Day, was taken advantage of at Caboolture by the members of the Church of England holding high festival there in honour of laying the foundation pile of their new church, which is dedicated to St. Lawrence. The land on which the building is situated had been given by Mr. Geddes, who, though no longer a resident there, owns a large area of valuable land round the place, with which he has been identified for many years. As was only fitting, Mrs. Geddes was invited to perform the act of dedication, which she did most deftly in the presence of about 200 persons, consisting of a great many residents of the district, and a large party from Brisbane, who travelled up by special train. On arrival at Caboolture, the visitors were met and welcomed on the platform by the members of the building committee—Messrs. Bell, Discher, Moore, Bleakley, Rothery, Tinney, and Galloway, hon. sec.—who conducted them to the site—an excellent position on the Durundur-road. Shortly after noon, the clergy—consisting of Archdeacons Dawes, Glennie, the Revs. B. H. Wilson and Hall— with a portion of St. John's choir, led by Mr. Seymour Dicker, formed in a procession and came down chanting to the site where the ceremony was to be performed. Here the usual dedicatory service was held, consisting of hymns, pieces, psalms, and short lessons. Mrs. Geddes then advanced to the pile, and tapping it with a mallet, said : " To the glory of God, and in memory of the Deacon and Martyr, St Lawrence, we lay this foundation pile. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." The Administrator of the diocese (Archdeacon Dawes) then gave an eloquent address, founded on the invocation just made, " Here let true faith, the fear of God, and true love ever abide, and may this place be set apart for the worship of God, and the instruction of the young to the honour and glory of the name of Jesus Christ, our Lord." The Rev. B. H. Wilson, who has been indefatigable in looking after the spiritual interests of the district, then made a short statement as to money matters. They had collected £120, whilst there were still £35 more to come in. The building complete would cost £200, although they really wanted £30 extra to make a good job of it. He appealed to those present to give liberally at the offertory, so that when the opening services were held, they might be in the same proud position as that of the little church at the North Pine, which was opened free of debt. That Mr. Wilson's exhortation fell on willing ears is proved by the fact that the sum of £31 13s. was collected on the ground." After the benediction, the party adjourned to a rustic arbour, where tea and other light refreshments had been provided by Mesdames Galloway, A. Bleakley, and other Caboolture ladies : refreshments that were most ample and welcome, in that the sun's rays had been beating fiercely on our heads during a ceremony unnecessarily prolonged by the length of Archdeacon Dawes' address. The consequence being that everybody felt very weary. About 4 p.m. the special left for Brisbane with the visitors, which place was reached about 6 o'clock, all agreeing they had spent a very pleasant day, and had had a most enjoyable outing. The edifice, constructed solely of wood, will be 42ft. in length by 44ft. in breadth, with 12ft. clear between the floor and the top plates, and will contain sufficient accommodation to seat 150 people. The design, supplied by Mr. J. H. Buckeridge, diocesan architect, is of the plainest Gothic style, with four windows on one side and three on the other. Under the terms of the contract the builder (Mr. John Quinn) has to complete the job within eight weeks. Tailor Gellrick, of Bathurst, while evi dently suffering from drink, attacked his wife with a pair of tailor's shears, inflicting seven wounds in her throat. She is still alive, but in a very critical state. The body of Charles Jarsen, a fisherman, of Gundagai, has been found in the Murrumbidgee River, near Wantabadgery. 