Jabbs. .A STORY OF A CHRISTMAS STORY. BY F .IX. AUST,-? \- Jabbs was a journalist: Journalists who knew Jabbs need not sneer at thie statement. 'Jabbs was a journalist. Be mortuis nil nisi bonum. He was a small man witi a large -heart and a bald pate. He was possessed of the customary virtues of the pressman, but otherwise a very estimable man to be ac quainted with was Jabbs. He was one of those familiar individuals who, seem to have been christened in such a hurry that the front name has been left out. He was simply Jabbs, a journalist. There is no authentic date to show that he ever journaled to any great extent, but fortunately for the pur pose of this story-the said purpose being ranu-he was at one time the mildly proud editor of a sheet which led a precarious ex-. istence at Cabbage Flat, under the sign or title of the Weekly Mercury. The Mercury was very low when Jabbs became editor. It has net risen since. Cabbage Flat was a feeble attempt at a township, situated about forty miles from nowhere. The Mercury had a circulation of ten when it circulated at all. Chiefly it didn't.: It belonged to the keeper of the priqcipal grog- shanty, aqi4 was worked off qn an qld Stanhope press, which the trustees qf the British _.usexun would have given, a nm?all f qrtre fqr. Wheneyer this bric-a brao oquld be got in gear, a Mercury would be issued, but it was not a reliable concern. : As a rule, it used to throw-off about eight imihpressions in a week, and then from sheer exhaustion lay right down, and refuse to biudge an inch. It would be an advantage to print the Argus off such a machine. But I digress.. Let us return to our Jabbs. .abbs had been at Cabbage Flat for some little tinie, and had stood it extremely well. 1ke had not had a superabundance of editing to. do, and in order to fill up his leisure time he fell in love. She was the daughter of the Mercury and grog-shanty, and of passing fairness three days in the week. It was not considered etiquette at Cabbage Flat to wash more than three days a week. In the coun .try folks go in a good deal more for etiquette :--and washing-than is the case with metro politans. Her name was Lucille Anthill, and Luc. was a maiden strongly addicted to literature. She is in another country now, otherwise I would not bring this up against her. She was four sizes larger than Jabbs, and :a girl of unbounded tenderness. She :had a habit of leaning up against the Stan hope, and firing off derelict verse at Jabbs, which he bore with the meekness which be -:cometh the lover. When he declared his passion she coyly 'took him on her knee, and owned that her heart was his; that she had loved him from the first day she had seen him wrestling with her pa's rum, and then she kissed him Wetly? on #_ bald pate, arid shed copious rs down the "back of his neck. It was love's young nightmare, with a vengeance. 'Now, all this occurred nigh unto Christ mas time. For some occult reason, Papa Anthill had become seized with a desire to issue a special Christmas Mjercury. I judge from this that he had at some time or other inadvertently taken his own rum. Nothing else can explain his mania. In the goodness of his heart, Jabbs attempted to dissuade him from the terrible deed, but he per. s te4, and, finally, settled that Jabbs s-hould write a Christmas story for the oc casion. Jabls didn't mind that at all. He was prepared 'to provide a dozen stories if necessary. The more the matter was talked over, the more iinbued with his idea did Papa get. ~o Jabbs electe4 to write "The Cricket on t£ie: Heartlh,' as all Ilis other ... "ook6 were packed away in hlis trunk. But \- dificulty arose, I am glad to say. Other wise I would not get my rum. I will deal with the difficulty right away. I have said that Lucille suffered, from -literature. When the Christmas idea'was settled, she took Jabbs on her knee again- it was a very frequent way she had--and confessed that she could write a perfect love -of a story if she only had the opportunity. Jabbs shivered and tried, to get out of it, :but shekept, at him, and told him that he was a base deceiver; that she didn't believe he loved her one bit; that she. kndew he wanted to break her heart; and eventually -L course-succeeded in getting him to let her'write that story. Any man in Jabba' place-on her knee-would have done the same thing. The re-arrangement had to be kept a secret, as Papa would have been hor rifled at the mere thought of his darling < 'daughter turning authoress. He had always brought her up so strictly.. It did not matter about Jabbs; you can't hurt a journalist's morals much, even by getting him to write something, but one can never be too careful with a girl. So it was de- r cided that Lucille was to write the story in I secret, and Jabbs to be credited with the I crime. It is not a nice story to tell about a a daughter deceiving her fond father in this a dreadful manner, and actually glorying in I her shame, but I have chosen it because there is a popular craze for realistic litera- f ture nowadays. t II do not think that Lucille had any more idea'of writing a tale than if she had been a professional novelist working on wages for I the London Journal. The first instalment of her crime which she brought to Jabbs was i devoted to the description of a kissing con test between Arabella, the fragile heroine, , and Theodore, the Adonis-like hero. It was poor stuff, at the best, but Jabbs knew bet ter than to say so, and, as per arrangement, he submitted it to the eye of Papa Anthill. a P.pa Anthill was not much of an authority on literature, but he had an obstinate belief that no Christmas story which had any re spect for itself could get along without ghosts. In the lurid language of Cabbage Flat he pointed out this defect to Jabbs, and . ordered him to throw in a ghost, or perish I in the attempt. When Lucille learned what was desired, she simply smiled confidently, and said that if ghosts were wanted ghosts would be provided, and straightway she dove-tailed a weird spectre in at the kissing contest between Arabella and Theodore. It was a good deal out of plumb, but it was a ghost, and that was something. Papa was s) pleased with it that he loaded Jabbs up with grog, whereat Jabbs joined in the jubi-' lation, and began to think that ghosts, after all, were, like Epps' Cocoa, "grateful and comforting." In the second instalment, Lucille, with admirable adroitness, made the ghost the rival of Theodore for the hand of Arabella, 'and cast the three away on a desert island. It was a dainty; soulful incident, of which Lucille was naturally very proud, but Papa, with no soul for the poetical, said that he didn't want. any.desert island in his Christ mas story; he'd never heard of a Christmas story with a desert island, and he wouldn't have it. It 'only took up the room which might have been given to another ghost, and anyone who knew anything about a Christ mas story knew that the more ghost there was in it the more Christmassy it would be. So Jabbs had to tell Lucille to make another change, which was not to the liking of that talented lady. Talented ladies do not like to be told that they are wrong. They are usually most wrong when they write any thing. After much shedding of tears, and assurances from Jabbs that a desert island was a decidedly pleasing thing to have in a Christmas story, but that she must pander to Papa's appetite for ghosts, Lucille decided to cut out the desert island and put it in a poem, and then welded a second ghost into the story, the scene of which she transported to the Queensland bush, where the third in stalment left Arabella and Theodore and the two ghosts tied to a tree, and surrounded by a horde of cannibals. Papa was so delighted with the second ghost-who had fire in his eye-sockets, and his ribs painted a deep black-that Jabbs did not get sober for the best part of a week. The worst part was getting sober. It happened that Papa had been swindled by a Chinese cook about this time, so, with great felicity, he suggested that Jabbs should introduce a Chinese ghost in the next chap ter of the story. Lucille struck at once. She said it was too horrible to think of bring ing a Chinese ghost into a Christmas story of such beauty. Jabbs said it was, too, but pointed out that if Papa wanted twenty thousand Mongolian spectres, he would have to have them. Luc. said she wouldn't love him any more if he talked like that, and made him so scared of losing the blushing damsel for -ever' that he effected a coni promise, and persuaded her to use a half caste Chinese spirjt; as' he didn't believe Papa would uotice the diference. So I4ucille untied the party froni the tree, rescued them, by means of a balloon, from the canu nibals, and worked in a bland: and blissful half-bred, almond-eyed gnome, who acted as supernumary hero, and made Asiatic love to a female ghost who had been throwh in to make weight, and give further pleasure to Papa. But Papawas more than seven. He read down to the half-caste fraud, and then, with blood in his eye, proceeded to slam Jabbs against the ancient press, at the same time reviling him with nuggetty oaths for en deavoring to palm off the half-caste for a full-blooded Chow. He said he had killed more Chinese in this country than any other two men-which, if true, must raise him high in the estimation of his fellows-and no blank, blanked podgy little editor could fool him without getting hurt. After Jabbs came out of the hospital, Papa made him sign an agreement to inter lace a thoroughbred Chinese ghost through that Christmas story, and from that moment Jabbs began.to waste away, till it required a close search through his clothes to find whether he was in them or not. Lucille tried one hundred and twelve varieties of Chinese ghost, but Papa could never get satisfied, and Jabbs got no more grog. Jabbs pleaded that he was not sufficiently acquainted with the habit of the Chinese ghost; had never had the opportunity of a close analysis of the species, and should, therefore, not be held accountable for any little errors of detail wlich miy 'h~ve crept in. This 'availed himi nothing, however. Papa said Jabbs should have made his opportunity-- and his ghost. He argued that there was no lack of material, and when Jabbs incautiously pointed out that he could not have a material ghost, Papa swore his most terrible swear, and brand ished Jabbs in the air for a brief but painful while, and said that he'd liave to'produce a satisfactory Chinese ghost, or quit Cabbage Flat instanter. t o Jabbs went'and sobbed out his trouble on Lucille's knee, aqd -asked :her to fly with him and be his boniie bride, as they could never 'satisfy her father's: Will abotit that Chinese ghost. Lu6cill said, however, that her father's will would satisfjy her--the rog shanty. was ~ vialuabig property-- ai?d hat Sshe'expectec it wquld nhqt b e iqqg here he gave tip" the ghot;. Thex'; abs age a resolution. It. wasn't nsuch of ar one, be cause he was so terribly oud; of practice at resoluting, but he proceeded to try its mettle. He had determined to scare the Chinese ghost idea out of Papa's head, and I he got his"chance one'night wiheh the old man had turnedin afte~i a very wet day. Precisely at midnight; 'little Jabbs, attired in the ample costume of the Chinese, with face whitened o~'and made: to look very horrible, crept very softly into-Papa's boudoir, and stood by the bedside of that recumbent individual, who was stretched on -his back, snoring in several foreign lan. guages. - Jabbs trembled considerably, but at last summoned up courage, and yelle4 out: . . "Hi ki, ki hi, yabh, yah, yah !" in fatuous imitation of the speech of a Chow. It had the desired effect of. rousing the old man, who, without opening his eyes, said : "Washer marrer? Y'ic can't 'ave any more rum." ",",Hi ki, ki hi !" shouted Jabbs. "Mei allee samee Chinee ghos'. You no putee me in Clihsmiss storly. Yah, yah, ki:ki I me takee you hellee, you savee," and he began to jump up.and down: and fling his arms about till Papa sat bolt up in the bed, and stared at' him in half-sobered per plexity. "Yah, yah, hi hi !" again'yellea Jabbs, feeling very much in.lined to dash out of the room.e "Me allee samee Chinee ghos'. Me no likee Clismiss storly, you" " Why, you blank, blanked little shrimp,", roared Papa, springing out of bed, :and seizing hold of Jabbs, "what the blazes is your little- game no w? As sure as your name's Jabbs, I'll- " "Me no knowee 'Jabbs," said the other. " Me allee samee Chinee ghos'. Me----" _.. "I'll Chinese" ghost you," thundered the old man, banging Jabbs against the wall, and half throttling him. "I'll teach you to play, your tricks on me, you measly little varmint. I won't leave enough of you to fill a pea-pod." "Oh, please, Mr.. Anthill," said Jabbs, fairly caving in and quivering with terror, " please don't be harsh. I-I can explain; indeed, I can. I-I am a somnambulist, and-and I had been dreaming about Chi nese ghosts till-till I thought I was one, and-and I must have walked into your room when I was asleep." "I'll walk into you before I've done with you,"; said Papa, shaking his prey viciously.. "Do you usually go to sleep in C1binee togs, Mr. Sonlnantbul s 1" "' These-- these are dBeam clothes, Mr. Anthill,", 'said: Jabbs; "they-they will disappear when I am fairly awake." "Then, by thunder, I'll wake you fairly enough," said Papa grimly, and he did. The various glimpses of Papa Anthill, which you. have. had .tlrough' the :course of this lathetic narrativgem nakes it unnecessy fr. nse to dilate on the scene, anc it will, there. fore, he sufhcieqt to say that the Shaugh waunk wake was a fool compared to the wake of Jabbs. So effectually wakened was he that hd did not sleep for a fortnight after wards, so the doctor told me. He was rfght in one particular, however. His dream clothes did- disappear, and when Papa had finished with him-I might almost say, when he finished him-he was clothed in the flesh-colored garb of nature, and looked-as if he had been run through a coffee-mill. Jabbs went and sobbed out his trouble on Lucille's knee, and asked her to fly with him and be his bonnie bride, but Lucille said that the Mercury and the grog shanty were too valuable to leave in a hurry. When the doctor pronounced Jabbs con valescent, the platjest left Cailage Flat and iour.niil'. fb ever. That hristmnas story Os . }o ' fl 4ed. The Chinese ghost is still wanted. I will be glad to forward to Papa any that you might have lying around loose. The fair Lucille has another little fellow to sit on her knee now, but although married and doing well-as is the baby-she has al ways kept in loving token of Jabbs a rem nant of Chinese wearing apparel, which she found in her father's bedroom after Jabbs had been carried out. It is very small and very thin, but she cherishes it for his sake. It was all that was left of his dream clothes. 