SUCCESSFUL candidates, whether at electoral or other contests, are usually, for the time at least, popular heroes Traditions come down to us from the good old times in Britain when the man who won was assured of an up roaiious exhibition of popular enthu siasm If he had a carriage, the crowd elected, for once in way, to under take the equine labor of dinning it home If be had not a carnage at hand, he was commonly borne on the shoulders of his noisy sup porters to some convenient hostelry, from whence he could distubute acknwledgements, and beer. In nine cases out of ten this exuberant feel in" was due, not to the successful cand° date’s personal worth, nor to any well consideied allegiance to his political principles, but simply to the fact that, in a contest waged on no matter what grounds, ot on what conditions, the heto of the hour had won In anv e\ ent the unsuccessful competitor was ignored. From the public at large he received the same measure of symnathy and cheers that was accorded to the unsuccessful gladiatoi in the days of ancient Rome No matter what Ins personal worth or personal prowess, Ins condemnation was written in the fact that he had failed We are doing better now The working of our electoral system has convinced a good many people that, in election contests, the best man does not always win And, putting abstract personal merit aside, it is admitted that many defeated candidates represent ceitun principles which deserve re cognition everywhere Out of all this there grows a feeling that those who, in electoral contests, hare fought and lost are often as deserving of popu lar recognition and popular gratitude as those who fought and won. The outcome of this feeling, in the shape of populai demonstrations in favor of unsuccessful candidates, bids fair to become a recognised practice in Vic toria The great cardinal point of democracy is that the majority must rule It is not so certain that populai elections alwajs reflect the political faith of the majority Wednesday last was remarkable as witnessing two complimentary gather ings in honor of defeated candidates for seats in our Legislative Assembly At Bnghton Mi Jas Campbell was feted by a company which was both representative and important from a political, and decidedly brilliant from a social point of view. On the same evening Mr W. Andehson, ex member for Creswick, was bidden tola "feast which included in the roll of guests the Premier of Victoria and the Minister of Justice In neither case were the merits or demerits of the successful candidates called in question. The demonstrations were merely'the out come of a general feeling that the abovenamed gentlemen had fulfilled theii parliamentary obligations wisely and well, that the colony was the loser by their accidental exclusion from the House; and that in the interests of the community it is much to be de a red that both shall soon be re instated on the Assembly benches In address ing his audience, Mr Campbell re ferred with great tact and good taste to the claims which a residence of 30 years and an unbroken Parliamentary recoid of IS years had vested in his opponent. It might have been, as he sud, that had a wider electorate been appealed to the result would hav e been different Then he went on to deplore the growing influence of pure localism in electoral contests Said he— One candid ite aas able to stir the souls of the electors to their utmost depths by the declaration that he hkd secured for them the services of a plain clothes con stable; another desointed in fiery language on the Elwood Swamp; and a third in impassioned eloquence denounced the rail wvy gates at the Inkennau stieet crossing, which, with unblushing effrontery, still raised their heads to heaven. When he rend these things he felt that his own utter anees upon a nation and life and the advantages of fedention were but as feeble rushlights comp ired w ith those meteoric blazes We quote these remarks because they might be applied, with slight modification, to many electorates in the colony. What Mr Campbell meant was tint personal and political merit is too often neglected for less worthy qualifications—a fact which none can dispute, and which all true patriots must deplore Mr James Service, after a candid tribute to Mr Campbell’s administrative ability, declared his belief that the last elections had proved beyond question that the two old parties—the Consti tutionalists and the Liberals—had be come solidly fused together, and that, ns we have more than once taken occa sion to remaik, the word coihtion has ceased to be acculately descriptive of the political situation And he went, on to point out that the only real oppo sition is not to the Ministerial policy as a whole, noi to any pait of it, but atises from a governing feeling on the pai t of some lion members that, be cause they are not in the Govern ment, they are naturally and necessnily in Opposition. The Oppo sition, so far as it can be at present estimated, is, m Mr Service’s view, “a fortuitous concourse of Parliamentary atoms, and its creed, the very simple and practical one, ‘ We are out, and we want to be in ’” Mr Service hoped that the proposed increase of municipal endowments would lead to the cessation of special local votes, “foi which members of Pai Hament were obliged to ciawl and beg at the doors of the public depart ments,’’ a hope which all good colonists will fully share The banquet to Mi Anderson at Creswick was remarkable rather for the natuie of the assemblage than anything which was disclosed in the course of after dinner oratoiy Mr Anderson is a young politician and a young man, and he may regard the gathering at Creswick on Wednesday evening as a peifectly unique .testi mony to Ins tact and ability, both as an individual and a legislator. If any thing can compensate a candidate for the ill foi tune of finding himself in a minority at the poll, such a gathering as assembled to do honor to Mi Anderson should smely be that thing. As to politics, the meeting was entnely neutral, and no one supposed that Mr Gillies would feel called upon to make any official refet ence to Ministeual policy or proposals The gathering was a purely compli mentary one and forms apolitical testi monial of which any man "might well be pioud The practice of suitably recognising the merits of defeated can didates is a wholesome one, and we hope it will become more general. The attention of-our newly elect mem bets of Parliament and of the Govern ment should be given to the repre sentations contained in Mr S G. Valentine’s letter in yesterday’s Star. It is undoubtedly the case that Mr Valentine and Mi Brazenor, both piactical men and thoroughly ex perienced in all that is required for the safe transit of stock, have given much time and application to the task of improving the cousti uction of rail way rolling stock, more particularly to rendering cattle and sheep trucks more convenient and more safe. The need of impiovement has been painfully manifest to stock owneis and sales men any time these last 20 years, and theie are occvsional symptoms that this need h is to some extent become known to the department Messrs Valentine and Brvzenor, some three }ears suite, invented and patented an impioved form of tiuck, which is declared to be equally suit able for the conveyance of sheep, cattle, or geneial meichandise. A model of the truck was submitted for inspection to a number of experts, | whose verdict was stiongly favoiable. The Railway Department approv ed of it, and a tiuck was built on the new design, to fully test the practical value of the invention. The truck so built was placed upon the Vic toi lan railvv a} s, and h is been run ning for moie than two years to the entire satisfaction of the department and the public The ti lal is surely ! more than ample, and the piopueton of the invention had an equitable right j to expect that either it would be I adopted for geneial use or reason shown to the contrary It appears however that the depai tment, while freely ad mitting the excellence of the invention, has persistently evaded any further action with regaid to it Not only so, hut it is tuniored that in aspint, winch Yankees would call ‘‘pure cussedness,” the department is about to consti uct 100 cattle and sheep tiucks on the old and condemned pattern Seeing that Parliament meets so soon, it is only right that the department should stay its hand. The question is too irapoitant to be settled off hand by theiuleof routine and precedont If the Rul way officials have dis coveied defects in Messrs Valentine and Brazenor’s plan, or if they have invented a better one, they ought to have said so. In the interests of every mechanical inventor in Victoiia, it is desirable that the full facts of the case should be repotted to Paihament and the opinion of the House taken upon it. luventois have already moie than enough. We cannot afford-to add to these'tho -further‘'dan ’ger of having a useful - invention shelved bj the indolence or perversity of Departmental officers. A practical step towards an amicable settlement of the dispute between the direc tors and the employes of the Phoenix Foundry, which has for some time past been r engrossing public attention in Ballarat, was taken last night The conciliation commit tee of the Trades and Labor Council of Billa rat met the directors in conference on the subject. After a leugthy discussion, tho directors agiced to conditions which are given in full elsewhere in The 6tar. The principal of these are that the directors iro willing to recognise the Ironworkers’ Assistants’ Association as n local union on the same basis as the Engineers’ Association; that the minimum rate of wngoa for assistants be 6s 9d, and that tho other de mands of the men with regard to overtime be conceded; the agreement to be adopted without prejudice to any of the hands now employed at the foundrj, and the mans ger to exercise his own discretion and choice in engigmg any new men These suggestions will bo considered by the \minus unions interested without delay The Ironworkers’ Assistants’ Union will meet this afternoon for that purpose. It is believed that if the difficulty is not set tled exactly on these lines a basis has been 1 ud upon which further coutereuce can be luld and a settlement ultimately armed at The mysterious death of William Corthew the finding of whose body in the Yarrow ee cieek, at Sebastopol, on Thursday morning, was chronicled in 'Jhe Star, formed the sub jeet of a magisterial inquiry yesterday after noon, held by Vli Thomson, M P , at the Guiding Star hotel, when it was elicited that the deceased was lust seen alive by Mr Reed of tho Court House hotel, Armstrong street, Bullaiat, who deposed that he knew deceased for the past 20 ye vis He came into witness’ hotel at about 10 p m on Wed ne'd ly night, and after having two drinks hft befoie 11 o’clock, stating that he was going home Witness witched him gi up Amiatrong stiect for some distance w hich was the way deceased would take to go home In reply to Const vhle Brennan, the witness stated th it deceased had no money when he came into the hotel Decease I vr is slightly intoxioited when he left tho hotel Witness did not know whether deceased had on a watch and chain Hail seen the hod> the privmus and ly, and identified it as that of William Carthew. Nicholas Odgers, a dairyman, deposed having seen deceased between 2 and 3 o’clock p.m. on Wednesday, but did not speak to him. Noticed that he wore a watch chain, but did not know whether it was gold or silver. Henry Trewinnick deposed to finding the body, and was of opinion that it had been carried down the creek by the current. He had noticed, previous to the heavy rain on Wednesday night, the body of a dead horse about 50 yards from where the deceased’s body was found, but had not seen it since, mid was of opinion that it had been carried down the creek with the cunent Constables Brennan ami Stewart deposed to the lecovety of the deeevsed’s body, and finding in the pockets of the deceased milling scrip and debentures and Gd in money S iw no truce of a watch and chain, Ihere vvere no signs of it h ivmg been tom from his waistooit The chain hole and buttons of deceased’s waistcoat w ere intact Xhe nearest place to where the body was found from whence the deceased could hav e fallen from a height was the Mount Pleisant bridge, about three quartets of a mile dis tant Dr Piunock deposed to having made a postjnoitem examination, but found no cx ternal marks of violence on the body, which was well nourished. The neck was broken between the first and second bone of his spine There vvere a number of scr itches on the forehead, which could bale been inflicted by coming in contr ict with some substince whilst falling. Was not of opinion that the injury to the top of the head was caused by any instrument but by a fall Death had been emsed by the rupture of the vertebiai ill the neck The finding of the coroner was th it deceased met Ins death by the rupture of the verteb ce nf the neck, ciuscd by u fall Mr Monoiv (Cuthbort, iMonow, and Wynne) watched the case on behalf of Mrs Corthew. A special meeting of the Ballarat Pros peeling Bo ird will be held this morning, at 10 o’clock, for the purpose of considering the adviaibility of reoominendiug the con tmuincc of diamoud drill opeiatious in the Creswick district The question was post poncd from last meeting iu ordei that mfor nnition regarding the work already done by tho dull might be obtained Mr C. W. Langtree, of the Mining Depirtment, is at present in Ballarat, and the meeting to-day has been called at his request The ooi respondent per RMS Massilia reached the Ballarat Post office at 7 a.m. yeaterd iy by train from Adelaide The residence of Mi William Bailey,, at tho corner of Muir and Drummond streets, was entered by some person on Wednesday and a quantity of jewellery, to the value of about £l5O was stolen. The stolen property included a valuable diamond bracelet and a number of trophies I he robbery was com mitted while the family were at dinner, and tlu thief oi tluev ea made use of tho oppor tunity to ransack the whole of the rooms up stairs The boxes which contained valuables were subsequently found empty in Mair street The mutter has been reported to the police. It will be remembered that about a fort night ago a theft was committed at the Plough and Harrow hotel, Mair street, by a man who had taken up his lodgings at the hotel, and disappeared before daybreik in the morning Tne individuil wanted, whose name is Richard Craven, has since been arrestid at Warrnambool, and has hem remanded from th it place to appear at the Ballarat City Police Court on Tuesdiy. Information le iding to the arrest was ob tamed by Sergeant Charles and Constable Rogerson The watch and jewelh ry stolen ou the occasion have not yet been recovered Craven will also be charged with tho theft of an overcoat from Mr Cribble’s drapery shop in Sturt street, which, it is alleged, w s in his possession when he was arrested. It is piobable, also, that a third charge will be pieferreu against him Craven will irnve from Wan nambool ou Monday night Avery important sale of valu vide cential freehold town property was eff cted by Messrs Brokenshire and Coltman on Ihurs day last I hose substantial two storey brick piemi-es in Bridge street in the ocou pation of Mr John Williams as a boot ware house and residence, with a frontage of 17 feet 2 inches, were sold to that gentleman for the sum of £2200, or at the rate of about £l3O a foot This sale is satisfactory proof of the high estima’ion in which property is held in that central business thoroughfare. The property was sold on behalf of Mr J lines lyler, who also owns and occupies the busi ness premises adjoining A lettei has just been received iu Ballarat from Mr W. J Holloway, oue of Ballaiat’s old favorites, \vho with Mrs Holloway is at present in London. Mr Holloway was in bad health at the time of leaving Australia, and after reaching England, experienced a serious nlapse from which at the time of writing, he was just recovering It is Mr Holloway’s - intention to make England Ins home foi several years. At a meeting of the friends of the late Mr J A Jones, sharebroker, it was decided to open subscription lists for the benefit of his widow and live children who, we regret to learn, have not been left in the best of cir cumstances. Messrs O E. Edwards and Theos Williams, J’s.P, were appointed treasurers, and Mr W. T Humffreys seore tary, to w horn subscriptions are requested to be sent. An advertisement appears else where. The secretary, Mr C. Taylor, and other officers of the Ballarat Fish Acclimatisation Society proceeded to the Botanical Cardens yesterday afternoon, and cleared one of tho breeding ponds About 15,000 fine healthy young trout were taken from the pond and placed in the lake The fish were placed iu a boat, amt distributed around the islands and at other points. Some of the members nf the Ballarat Cen tral Bov ling team, which lateljr visited Sydey, have retained and appear to have given a very fair account of themselves in that colony. They played m all seven matches and won three Of these one was against the Glebe Champion Trophy Chib The next stiongeat club (the City) bent the Centrals by only two points in a score of 103 To show tho evenness of the whole senes, taken in the aggregate, it is stated that the total points scored by New South Wales bowlers were 737 as against the Ral laiat bowlers 698, a difference ol only 30 points. The visitors apeak in unqualified -p— jp £ I r praise of tha,ho»pU»litjr of their host* Tiie flatting team comprised Messrs H. Brine], Jago, Archer, Tankard, Sim, Bell, Malyon;- Gibluuge, Smith, Whyte, M’Murtne, Eyres, Hunt, Leggo, Wright, Little (2). Tliis'ia thefirattnhe that a single club has found itself strong enough to send a team away to an other colony, hitherto the visiting teamshave been selected from a number of clubi con trolled by an asaocl ition Mr J 0 Thomson, P.M., and Messrs J Y. M‘Don«ld, Permewau, and Shernrd, J’a.P , presided yesterday morning at the City Police Court. Thomas Rnnoi, on re mand on a chirgeof stealing a nmnb’i of bigs at the Hvy Market, vr is again brought before the bench He was sentenced to a months imprisonment, but, under the pro visions of the Juvenile Offenders’Act, the sentence was suspended on the father of the I id enteiing into a rec >gnisanc- in the sum of £3O for his good b-haviour for 12 months Five lads were proc--ded against for playing football m the public street* William Soopie and James Sman were each fine 1 2s 6J, with 2s 6d coats, and the remaining three, who were younger boys, were dis charged. Several parents were fmed for neglecting to comply with the oompulsu.y clause of the Education Act, and a number of debt cases were dealt with. I he football season proper opens to and ly with a match between the Billarat and Ballarat Imperial clubs Both clubs are sending their strongest teams into the field, and as the match will count for the locil premiership, it is expected tint both sides will do their be»t 1 here is certain to be a large attendance, as football lours will ex peot to get a line from this match as to the probible premiers for the season At the City Police Court yesterday mom mg, a worn in named Elizabeth Frank was charged with having no lanful visible means of support It appears that the accused had been staying with her child, a boy of five years, for* the past few days at Reid’s Coffee Pal ice She was turned out of the latter place as she Lad no money to pay for her bo ird She was remanded at the request of the police until the 10th instant Elizabeth Wilson was brought benie the Tonn Police Court yesterday and sentenced to three months’ imprisonment on a cli uge of lagnncy Aithur Himby, chaiged with deseinng the G irnson Artillery, was re niunded until Monday. Hie piesiding magi strvtes were Messrs G vie and Walker. Mr Johu'Dillon and Sir Thus G. Esinoude, the Home Rule delegates, took advantage of then stay in Ballarat ycste-Jay to visit many of the points of mtu cst in and around the city They were driven round m Bishop Moore’s cirri ige, being accompanied therein by the bishop and Mr D. Brophy, J P In a f mr horse drag following them w ere the R“V. Ur Delaney, Father Rigers, Hr E Murphy, M Li A , Messrs J Lynch, sen. and jnn., Mr M‘ Donald (chairman of the Melbourne National League), Mr J. J. Fitzgeiald, J.P , and several clergymen The party visited the Lorctto Convent, where they iveie pre sented with an address Prom thenct they proceeded to the home of the Little Sisters of Nazareth, and thence to the gar dens, where the statu vry was greatly admired, particularly the Russell ihom son bequest The fernery, also, came in foi its meed of praise, Sir Thomas Esmonde, who is a connoisseur m such mattei", being particularly warm in Ins ex pressmns of pleasme At St Mary’s Mount Convent the delegates vvcie again piesented with an address, and a trio on haips was played for the entertainment of the visitors Another address was piesented at Holy Ghost College, where the party partook of refreshments. I he delegates were next driven to the Euieka Stockade, wheie Mr Willetts, photogiuplier, took two negatives of the party, giimped in different posi tions Ihey subsequently visited Mr Willetts’studio, where their portraits were taken. They also visited the schools con ducted by the Sisters of Mercy and the ! Christian Brother*’ Schools, Billarat East. The Old Cemetery was next visited, and the ( delegates copied the names of tho*e who fi 11 at the Eureka Stockade, for the purpose of publishing them in Ireland The paity then returned to Craig’s hotel, wheie tiny dined. Mr Dillon and Sir Thomas Esmonds left by the evening tram for Melbourne. Dieiewasa large assemblage of influential cit z°ns on the station to bid them good bye, and as the train moved away from the plat fmin three hearty cheers weie given. Sir Thom is Esmonds expiesaed gieat regret at not having hid an opportunity of seeing Mr Esmond, the first discoverer of payable gold in Victoria, and will probably return to Bal laiat at an early date to do so. The management of the Lydiard street Wesleyan Sunday school are making exten sive preparations for the annual demonstra tion in connection with the forthcoming anniversary, which is to be held on the 19th and 20th of the present month. The Rev. A. R. Edgar is announced to preach the sermon, and the scholars of both schools are to occupy seats on a large gallery, specially erected in the church by kind permission of the trustees. On the Sunday afternoon a final service will be held, and on the Mon day evening the tea and demonstration. A special feature of the affair is that the pro gramme of the demonstiation evening will be supplied by the scholars of the schools. A choir or several hundred performers had a successful rehearsal last evening under Mr C. Eyres. An elocution committee are also hard at work, and a satisfactory rehearsal of the pieces assigned to the children was held yesterday afternoun, under the direction of Mr D. J. Wheal, who gave up his usual Friday half-holiday for tne benefit of the children. Mr Wheal was ably assisted by Miss Coad and Miss Evans. The prizes won by the Ballarat Fire Brigade at the Daylesford demonstiation, Easter Monday, viz .—First in Hose Eight, first in Hose and Ladder, first in Alarm and Rush, first in the Aggregate, second in Hydrant Race—will be on view at Kift and Smith’s, painters, Sturt street, to day. An obstacle race was competed for at the Columbia Sk vting Rink on Friday night, and after as pleudid contest was won by G Zilles by a few inches; B 0 Callaghan was second. The Lydivrd Street Wesley in M.I.A. met last Thursday evening The vice president in the chur. Ihe concert to be held in con necti m with the Blind Asylum, was brought under the notice of the member* The syllabus for the ensuing term was vnnounced for sile by the secretary, who stated that owing to the increased demand fm copies of the syllabus of the organisation, it h id been deemed advisable by the committee to charge for them. An e*say was re id by the editor of the magazine on the “Prevalence of by poensy in the world ” The writer dealt severely with what ho teimed the “ vice ’ of hypocrisy in the soc al, religions, commercial, and political worl 1 1 1 con eluding his stuctures os the prevalence of hypncii-y, he urged the audience to vvoid the practice of it In any shape or form. Several speakers complimented the essiyist and the meeting oloiad. Mr A. J. Peacock, M L.A., elected as the representative of Clunes and Allendale, was entertained on Thursday evening at Gi-nit Western at a complimentary banquet, given under the auspices of the local branch of the Australian Natives’ Association At tongst th# guests present ware the Chief S J cretaiy, Mr Usaktn, and Messrs W. M’Lvllan, J. Woods, F Stuart, ami J. W Kircon, M’s L A The nonthlj report of the City of Me’- bnurns Building Society for April, as pro seated to the directors, the Hon Alfred Dnikm being m the chair, showen the total receipts to have been £50,250 lOi 6 1, winch sum includes £1524 7s 3d on account of the savings branch department. D inng the same period 355 investing shares had been issued and the sum of £13.267 had been granted in loans repayable under the society’s fortnightly tables Messrs Brokeu thira and Cnltniaii, Lydiard street, are the local agents for the society. The friends of Mr William Roberts, letter carrier, Melbourne, -nd son of Mr Robert*, of Wilson’s lane, Sebastopol, will regret to learn that he (s at present laid up in Mel bourne with typhoid fever. The Eyre street Mutual Improvement Union met as usual tu the Primitive Methodist schoolroom last evening Die oh ur was occupied by the president (R»v. W Hunt), and there was a very fair attend auce Owing to the subject progiammed not being produced, an impromptu debate os ‘•Miracles’ took place, Messrs Hunt (2), Coatham, Heathershaw, Weatlake, Aisbett, and Han ey being among the speakers. The Melbourne Total Abstinence Society have for aume time post held annual com petitions on various temperance subjects. This year the competition will bo on “ temperance physiology, or the effects of alcohol on the human system.” They have also opened then lists to ail parts of the colony, and are extremely anxious that local committees should be formed in various centres of population. They are offering a largo number of prizes, viz., 314 of tartans values from £lO 10s as special prizes in the' highest division, to prizes of the ▼aloe of 3s 6d, 'of which value there are 60 offered. Mr W. V. Lambert has succeeded iu getting a strong com mittee formed for carrying out a local examination, and it is to be hoped that miny entries trill be made It may be re mained that special subscriptions have been started for prizes, which trill be only for loc tl competitors, and there is no entrance fee attached, but free to ail. The local com mittee met last night and reported progress, and no effort trill be spared on their part to make the affair a success The Ball irat Liedcrtafel announce their 66 r h grand concert for ladies and gentlemen at the Alfred Hall on Wednesday evening, 29tb May, on which occasion will be git en the grand opera “ Ern tin,” by a bind and cnorm of 75 perfoi iners This is the last gr md concert of the present season. The following oisu ilties were treated at the ho-pital yesterday*—Thomas Kingston, a lad 13 yeirs of age, whose parents reside at Enfield, suffering from a fracture of the fore si in, the lesult of a fall whilst running Joseph Hubbard, a voting man living m Hu clock street, with foreign hod> in his eye 0 implicit Lurd, a youth living in Diwson street, suffering from a scalp wound, emsed by a ladder falling on Jitni uk the Phoenix Foundry. Alfred Streeter, a young man residing in Nicholson street, suffering from a sprained shoulder, caused by tipping a dray An accident, which fortunately was not attended with serious consequences, occurn and yesterday afternoon on the Sebastopol load Mr F M Franklin was out driving, with his wife an 1 family, when, in order to avoid a collision with a passing cab, he endeavored to cross the tntm line Contact with the rails oinsed the convey moe to jolt to such an extent thvt the occupants were thrown out Mis Fiiinkliii vv is slightly bruised, and the youngest child liad a very nariovv e°cape Fortnnitely in falling a rug that vena wrapped around it broke its fall, and a latal aocldcnt was averted. We ire desired to request that all who promised to subscribe to the Home Rule fund and others intending to subscribe to same, vrould kindly forward their donations to the treasurer (Mr Clns Fitzgerald), or the secretvry (Mr J. B. Pearson), and Mr fhos Bury, or the chairman (Mr D. Brophy), on or before Monday next, vvh“ii a meeting of the committee will be held at Newton’s hotel, at S 30 p m The anniversary services in connection with the Neil street Wesleyan Sunday school will he commenced to morrow, when R‘ v J J Brown will preach m the morning, Rev J Harr.son, Congregvtional minister, in the afternoon, and Rev W R Cunning ha nin the evening On the following Mon day a tea meeting will be held, and subse quently a public meeting will take plac“, to bo piesided over by Mr H Wilson, super intendent Addiesses will be delivered by the Revs J J Brown, Cunningham, and nunisteis of the circuit A choice selection of hymns will be rendered by the school schildren, under the loideralnp of Mr A C Michel), with Miss Balmain orginist. Should the vvi ather prove flue, a large gathering is anticipated We Icvrn that the banquet to Mr Dunel Brophy will be one of the most lepreseuta tive gatherings held in Ballarat for many y ear°. Oar Creswiok correspondent writes:—“Mr John K» .me, a well known fanner, residing at Dean, is at present in the local hospital suffering from an aff etion of the bladder, ' He lias been in considerable pain, but hopes are entertained that lie will recover. Dr Martin on Thursdvy evening, with the assistance of Dr Linds vy, performed a sight operation.” I At the Linton Police Court on Thursday ! 1 vst, before Messrs Clarke and Shepherd, I J’s P , the following debt cases were dealt with; —Woodiovv v Orunlau, repairing boots, I 4s, ordT foi the amount with coats 5s F Mitchell v Antony, £36 9s Id goods; order for the amount with costs 2s 6d, At the Biininyong P dioejCourt yesterday, (before Mayor Hedrnk and Mr Newman, J.’sP.), tho following business was dealt with.—Fowler v Grills, goods, £ll 2s 41; order for amount and 5s costs. Same v Mason, goods, £2 13s; order for amount and ss' costs Three other cases were settled out of court In one case the sum mons was not served in time, aud was de ferred for one week. Mr T. Wise (writes our Linton correspnn dent) last yeir cut a cabbage weighing 25 lb, and he left the stalk in the ground, from which he gathered Jlb of excellent seed On Tuesday last he out another cabbage, an off shoot from the same stalk, weighing 22 lbs, aud there is still anotliei that has every appearance of becoming a really good cabbage The Minister of Public Instruction la in consultation with the senior officers of Ins department in regard to an alteration of the system of paying teachers by results The changes winch the Minister has m contem plation will not involve the ciitne abolition of the system of m m igement by results, hut will seek to apply it m a form which will re move existing cause for complaint On Thursday morning the body of a man, n lined Robert R >bson, aged 30, was found on the St Kil la ho ich Robson is descnb-d as being an excellent accountant, and of good family in England, but through drinking habits was dismissed from Ins employment A few days ago he was seen to undress at the Pande, St Kild i, by a servant girl, and disappeir. While in the water two men rifled deceased’s pockets ot everything Tne Premier took formil leave of Ins late constituents of the R idusy electorate on Thursday inght, at a farewell banquet ten dered to him in the Much vines’ Hall, Tatum. Thera were about 100 persons present, m eluding Mr H J Wnxon, tho Attornay- Gmieral; Dr Le M LC , and Mr Webb, M L A The Commissioner of Public Works in future will only no’ive deputations on Tuea day in each week At the County Court, Cvstlemaine, George Godfrey litis been iwirded £lO dmi igss, with c >sts, iigunst three sinners who had silted up a wnrere nirao o i Ins firm, md has also obtained an mju ictiun igainst similar action on the p irt oi the defendants A genuine diamond has boeu recently found by two chemists in i meteoric stone whn.li fell uk Novo Uiei Penza. This dls covery is regirded with great interest by mineralogists and chemists, as it vs believed that it in vy throw considerable light on the foi niation of diamonds The o mserv itor of forests in S«uth Aus tralia is making preparations for extensive planting; durum the ensuing year it is ex peoted that 1,000 000 trees will he planted, and that at least 150 men will be employed. A veritable windfall has just come into the hands of the natives of the Gilbert group ef islands, iivinely, a largo ship with a full cargo, winch came sailing into their pmt without anyone on hoard The vessel was the British ship Ruck lerrace, and the strange part about the matter is that the ship was abandoned by her crow about 12 months ago, and it has only just transpired that, instevd of foundering soon, she drifted on and on until she reached the Gilbert Islands. At the Baptist Church on Mood *y, 13th May, tho Iter S Chapman, ot Melbourne, will preach at 7 30 pm On Tuesday, Uth May, a t»a and public meeting will be held A public meeting has been convened by kbe presi dent of Creswickshire, to be held in the Ristori Hall, on Mo idaj, at 8 p ui, to consider the necessity of requesting the Government to appoint additional Justices ot the peace for this district and to select the gentlemen, whose names shall be submitted to the Government Wo have reoeiv ed from •• A Friend ” t • sum of 5a in aid ot the Clnneso Famine Kehet F md Attention Is called to an advertisement in another column ot a meeting this evening, at S u clock, at the Manchester Unity Hall, of the Men’s Evangelistic and Frayor Union Strangers in tho city are cordially welcomed to these meetings, which are held every Saturday at same place and hour A pleasing Interior is to be inspected at St. Pater's schoolroom on Wednesday next. In the afternoon there will be a free admission to cake and apron f dr, and in the evening a musicil entertainment—Od ad mission Jamessnd Gilbert, drapers, Brunswick House, an neunce in our advertising columns that they are now showing a magnificent loc of new winter goods at the lowest possible prices All aco ants due to the late firm of Usilck and Cos must he paid to James and Gilbe-t at once All o’ubi desirous of Joining tks Ballarat District Junior Football Association ate requested, by ad vertisem-nt, to do so on or before Monitor evening next. Mrs and Miss E Silvcrlock, 102 Armstrong street north, have resumed lessons m the art of singing with vocal elocution A meeting ot the Ballarat Cambrian Society will be held to night. The “ Irish Delegate.” committee meet on Monday, at 8 p m On Sn-day, 19lh May, tha annual demonstration In connection with tho Lvdiard street \Vesl“jm Sunday school will beheld Particulars appear m advertise ment. 