FOOTBALL. Ardsley v. North Shore Clifton. un Saturday last tno Ardsley . Ultlb journeyed to North Shore and played u match with the Cliftons, which resulted in a win for the rod, white, and blue (Ardsloys) by 7 points to nil. Tho scoring was all euected in the first half of tho game ; in deed, play hud not been started more than nve minutes before A. Tyte, in_a very neat drop kick, sent the ball over the Cliftons' goal. Play then went 011 very evenly until just before half-time, when K. Wilson got away witli the ball, and succeeded in passing all his opponents and touching down. Gregory kicked for the goal, hut- was unsuccessful. From this out the gurno was exceedingly even, the Ardsleys having to use all their energy to keep their opponents back. Chief among the Cliftons' workers were Thomas, Mountford, and Mortimer. The game caused a great deal of amusement to the large number of spectators, as tho ground, on account of the l-cccut rain, was in a very wet and sloppy condition, in somo places pools of water several inches deep being seen, and a howl of delight greeted uny unfortunate who happened to be upset into any of them. However, despite all drawbacks, a very plcusuut though rough game was played.; Victoria v. Juniors. The match between tho rcprcsontativo Rugby and 16 juniors took place yesterday afternoon on the Association Cricket Ground. Tlio atteudunco was scanty, and just when play started a drizzling rain began to fall, ' making it very uncomfortable for the players. From the kick-oil it was easily seen that tho local juniors had not the ghost of a show. Miller obtained tho first touch, from which a goal was kicked. Before many minutes had elapsed Scarborough put up the second touch, from which lie took the place for foal, but failed to add tho additional points, few South Wales kickod out from the 25yd. mark, but tlieVictoriunB returned vigorously to the charge, and from some skirmishing play Miller again shone forth and kicked u neat goal from the field, making the scoro Victoria 12 points to nil. A touch and u goal from the field by Miller brought tho score up to 19 points, the play of tho locals being very disappointing. Being set in motion again, Now South Wales brightened up a trifle and had the play for a few minutes up in hostile territory. Hero Fitzgerald obtained a mark and placed for Cole, whoso kick, which was on a difficult angle, was not successful. Cole noxt at tempted to'run in, but fell down before ho reached the line. Then Now South Wales redoubled their efforts, and Victoria forced. Clnrkson then played up well, and just when the rain woo pelting down furiously Lester darted from amongst the forwards and secured first ,try for tho locals. From this Cole netted a splendid goal. Score: Victoria 19 points to New South Wales 5. From thiB out to half time tho play was greatly in favor of the juniors, who had the visitors busily engaged stopping their furious rustics. Stolir and Mayes for, Victoria, and Webb, Clarkson, and Fitzpatrick worked .excel lently. Before anil when half-timo was called, the rain was pouring down "in torrents, which rendered the ground as slippery as a skating rink floor, all the energetic players who attempted to turn while running coining down in . a wholesale fashion. After half- time a merry 10 minutes' play occurred, neither side gaining any advan tage. Miller, for Victoria, did yeoman service, and on one occasion, at least, if he had bcon smart enough to catch tho ball from a pass, would havehadabigsay towards getting a-touch. He twice kicked theball into touch behind the goal line. After the ball had gone " dead " Scarborough did a mag nificent run, and was just prevented by Gore from running in. Just when the Vic torians were pressing tlieir opponents very hard Bruce saved by kicking strong into the field. Scarborough , then .took possession and kicked over the line. The junior3 forced, and soon again, when tho ,Vietorians were working tho ball over tho line, they sought refuge in another force. 'Through tho Victorians' dashing play the juniors forced twice again, and each force narrowly escaped being tries. Miller, when the play was well up near tho locals' citadel, secured the ball from a pass by Dodd, and kicked another goal, tho score then being Victoria 23 points to tho juniors' 5. Tho play still inclined in favor of the blues, whose passing served them ad mirably. Murray, in close proximity to the Now South Wales goal, got a free, but Mayes failed to do any damage. New South Wales forced, and after the ball had gone doad behind their goal they forced matters, and Lister, whose following up was splendid, was just' pre vented by Mayes from obtaining .a second try. The rain still continued to pelt fiercely down, and both teams were long before now drenched to the skin. Despite the adverse condition of the elements the play wa3 made both .hot and fast, though the locals were playing an uphill battle. A swift piece of following up' by Scarborough certainly, deserved as recompense a try, but a New South Wales back player was before him, who picked tho ball dead. A stoppage was next made .in the game in consequence of the ball being kicked against the barbed wire of tho fence behind the New South Wales' goal. A new ball was soon provided, and the game pro ceeded with unabated vigor. Murriel dribbled the ball well towards tho New South Wales citadel, but Clark- soil bravoly responded, and, after work ing it back again, Bruce, with a Vic torian clinging 011 to him, tried toget a touch. But the weight proved too much, and ho was hauled down near the line. Soon tho ball was kicked clear. The leather next went down in Now South Wales direction, but was brought back, and scrimmaging play occurred dangerously close to the Victorian line. Thence the forwards kept it till the call of time. The Victorians thus won the match by 23 points to 5. Glebe Albion v. Austral, These two clubs met on Wentworth Park on Saturday last, and after a very evenly contested game resulted in a win for the Glebe Albions by 5 points to nil. The try was obtained by Murray, which Wooller converted into a goal. Besides these Mnrsdon, Brennen,' Campbell, and Cave also played splendidly ; whilst for the Australs Ledger, Robertson, and Thompson played hard to savo defeat. Glonmore v. Petersham Albions. This match was played on tho former's ground, and resulted in a draw in favor of the Glonmores, the Albions having forced .twice. Both sides strove hard to avert -defeat. Zolanthe v. Ferndale. This match was played on the former's ground in Smidmore's Oval at Camdenville, nnd resultod in a win for tho former by 0 points ' to nil. Those who distinguished themselves were Messrs. Baker, Nicholl, P. Wachmann, and E. Hilly er, for the win ners, and for the losers lludd, J. Briggs and M 'Intyre worked liko Trojans to save defeat, while W. Jorman gave every satis faction as umpire. Surrey v. Waverley Albion. This match was played on Moore Park, and after a very fast and exciting game re sulted in a win for the Surroys by 3 points .to nil. The Albions had the advantage of being the heavier team of the two, but tho grand play on the Surreys' -part saved them from defeat. Our Wellington correspondent wires : — A match between two junior teams repre senting Dubbo. and Wellington took place here on Satdrday, and resulted in an easy win for Wellington by 24 points to . nil. Tbe match was witnessed by a large number of -people. Football is getting very popular, there now being three teams in the town. 