L UNAVAILING ' ASSAULTS. I (To the Editor of the Maitland Mercury.) SIE,-Tour correspondent, " Sentinel," is on the wrong track when he considers what has been said, or is being said, through the columns of the Mercury, is an attack upon the Eoman Catholic Church. It is simply a defence of Protestantism. The attack is all on the other side. This is yet, thank God, a Protestant country ; and by His help we trust it ever will remain so-free from all ecclesi- astical control. The dominant power is Protestant ; but exercised in such a way that all sects or persuasions have equal rights and privileges. We are well aware that the Roman , Catholic Church claims universal dominion, both spiritual and temporal, and that her Canon law regards Protestants as heretics, and that they should be extermi- nated off the face of the earth. Yet, with all this, we are so tolerant as to allow every Roman Catholic every privilege we ourselves enjoy. Further, when their ecclesiastics de- nounce our system of education, we take no notice, but return good for evil by allowing Roman Catholic teacher* to crowd out the Protestant teachers from the State schools : the very schools the it.)mau Catholic clergy denounce ns seed-ploto of immorality and infidelity. Surely the Roman Catholic Church would not be so magnanimous if ahe were the dominant power. This only f.o 'S to show how tolerant the Protestants are, and furthermore we have even excluded the Ho'y Bible from these State nchools so that Roman Catholic children need not have their con- sciences offended in bearing the Wurd of God from a Protestant standpoint. Yet they pose as martyrs, the same as your correspondent, instead of thanking God every, day of their j lives that they live in a Protestant country I and enjoy the self-same political liberty that Protestants enjoy, and that their religious liberty is the greater from the liberal Protes- tant atmosphere that surrounds it: instead of being thankful they are just the reverse. We Protestants remember how our forefather« bled and suffered for our civil and religions liberty, hence we resist the aggression of the Roman Church that caused all the trouble in bygone times ; and we reverence the memories of those .who purchased our liberties with their life's blood. We should be renegades to such noble sires if we did not repel the assaults of those who seek to heap contumely on the greatest benefactors the human race have ever known. We have only to view what the Reforma tion has done for mankind ; and I am sorry to say that numbers of Protestants-nominal Protestants-know nothing whatever about the question ; their minds are solely absorbed with frivolity, or in how to make their credit balances larger, forgetful of their duty to God and their duty to their neighbour. One thing the Reformers did, and that was they delivered England from a gross religious ignorance, and a spiritual darkness that might be felt. No doubt there was a professing Church of Christ in the land when Henry VIII. ascended the throne, a church abounding in wealth, and garrisoned by a whole army of bishops, abbots, friars, priests, monks, and nuns. Bat money and clergymen do not make a Church of Christ, any more than " men with muskets" make up an army For any useful and soul-saving purposes the English Church was practically dead, and the plain truth is that it was a church without a Bible, and such a church ÍB as useless as a light-house without a light, a candlestick without a candle, or a steam-engine without a fire. Except a few scattered copies of Wycliff's translation ot the Vulgate there were no English Bibles in the land, and the natural cor sequence was that priests and people scarcely knew any- thing about God's truth and the way to be saved. As to the clergy, as a rule their religion was the merest form, and scarcely deserved to be called Christianity at all. Most of them were pitiful turncoats without a con- science, and were ready to turn their coat« and change sides in religion at the word of command. " Ir fact they did so no lees than four times-once under Henry VIII., once under Edward VI., once under Mary, and again under Elizabeth. The immense majority of the clergy did little more fhan say masses and offer up pre- tended sacrifices-repeat Latin prayers and chant Latin hymns, which of course the people could not understand,-hear confus sions, grant absolutions, give extreme unction, and take money to get dead people out of Purgatory. Preaching was utterly at a dis- count, as Bishop Latimer trnly remarked, " When the Devil gets influence in a church up go candles, and down goes preaching." Mass was never to be left unsaid for a single Sunday, yet sermons might be omitted for twenty Sundays, and nobody was blamed, and to preach much was to incur the suspicion of being a heretic. To cap all this, the return that Bishop Hooper got from the rich diocese of Glou- cester when he waa first appointed in 1551 gives a pretty clear idea of the ignorance of pre-Reformation towns. He found that out of 311 clergy of his diocese 168 were unable to repeat the Ten Commandments ; 31 of the 168 could not say in what part of Scriptare they were to be found ; 40 could net tell where the Lord's Prayer was written ; and 31 of the 40 did not know who was the author of the Lord's Prayer. Can we, Protestants, believe with " Senti- nel" that these clergymen were divinely sent hy God to save men's souls ? As to the laity, it is not too much to say that the bulk of them, except in the hour of trial, sickness, and death, had no religion at all. They could only send for the Priest, who knew nothing himself .and could tell nothing to others ; and then at last they re- ceived absolution and extreme unction, and took a leap in the dark. " The blind led the blind, and both fell into the ditch." To sum up all in a few words, the religion of our forefathers before the Reformation was a religion without knowledge, without faith, and without lively hope,-a religion without justification, regeneration, and sanc- tification-a religion without any clear views of Christ or the Holy Ghost. Except in rare instances it was little better than an organized system of Mary-worship, saint-worship, image-worship, relic-worship, pilgrimages, almsgiving, formalism, cere- monialism, processions, prostrations, bow- ings, crossings, fastings, confessionf, pen- ances, absolutions, masses, and blind obedience to the priests. It was a huge medley of ignorance and idolatry, and serving an unknown God by deputy. The priests took the people's money, and undertook to secure their salvation, and the people flattered themselves that the more money they gave the priests the more sure they were to go to heaven. Such waa the ignorance which waB scattered to the winds by the Reformers. Mind we do not forget it. Another thing the Reformers delivered u» from, and that was the most grovelliDg, child iab, and superstitious practices in religion, especially in the worship of relics I will just give two ewes. At Reading Abbey, in Berk- shire, the following things among many others were exhibited by the monks on great occa- sions, and most religiously honored by the people-An angel with one wing, the spear- head which pierced our Saviour's side, two pieces of the Holy Cross, St- James' band, St. Phillip's stole, a bone of Mary Magdalene, and a bone of Salome. (Strype, i. 390). At Bury St. Edmund's, in Suffolk, the priests exhibited the coals that rqaeted St. Lawrence, the parings of St Edmund's toe-nails, Thomas à Beekèt'a penknife and boots, and as many pieces of our Saviour's croas as would have mode, if joined together, one large whole cross. They had abo Telic» whose help was invoked at times when there was an excessive growth of weeds or an unusually heavy fall of rain. (Burnet's Ref. i., 486 ) Records like these are so amazingly silly as well aa painful, that one hardly knows whether to langh or to cry over them. But it ie positively necessary to bring them forward, in order that men may know what was the religion of out forefathers when Rome ruled the land before the Reformation. Wonder- ful as these things may seem we must never forget tbut Eoglishmen at that time had no Bibles, and knew no better. A conscience stricken >.oul famishing for lack of God's Word, must not be judged too harshly, if it struggles to find comfort in the most debasing superstition. Only let us never forget that this was the " superstition " that was shafc- ' tered to pieces by the Reformers. Remember that. It was a great deliverance. Another thing the Reformers delivered England from, and that was the degrading tyranny of the Romish priesthood. In the last days ot the Pope's supremacy in the land, the laity were thoroughly "sat upon" by the clergy, and could hardly call their souls their own. The power of the priests was practi- cally despotic, and was need for every pur- pose except the advancement of true religion. They interfered by the confessional between husbands and wives- between parents and ehildren-between matters and servants between landlords and tenants-between sub- jects and sovereigns-betnesn souls and God. Obey them and you mii*ht do anything, and commit no sin. Resist them and you bad no peace, and no safety in property or life. One great object they always kept steadily in view, which was to enrich the church and fill the pockets of their own <rder; and another object which they never forgot for a moment was to keep up their own power. For thw purpose they claimed to hold the keys ot Heaven literally and truly. To them con- fession must be made. Without their abso- lution and Extreme Unction no professing Christian could be saved. Without MasseB no snul could be redeemed frjm Purgatory. In short they were to all intents and purposes the mediators between Christ and man. To please and honour them was the first of duties, to injure them was the greatest of crimes. Fuller, the historian, tells UB that in 1489 a certain Italian priest got an immense sum of money in Englaud by obtaining power from the Pope t > absolve people from usury, theft, manslaughter, fornication, and all crime whatsoever, except smiting the clergy and conspiring against the Pope (Fuller's Church His , 1 532. Legg's Edit.) Let me once more remind you that for de- liverance from this miserable system of priestly tyranny and priestly imposition we ore indebted to the nobie Reformers. " Sentinel" makes statements about the immorality of Luther. Would he kindly tell us all aboutit. We know that there were some fairy tales circulated, such as that he was not the natural son of bin mother, but was the progeny of an impish incubus. Perhaps he has been reading some of these fairy tales. It cannot be denied that the clergy of pre- Reformation times were iifaietud with the plague of unholiiieseand immorality, and if the Reformers escaped, it must have been by a superhuman agency, for the lives of the clergy as a rule were simply scandalous, and I might tell you of the habits of gluttony, drunkenness, and gambling, for which the parochial clergy became unhappily notorious. "Tuo often," says Professor Blunt, "there were persons taken from the lowest of the people, with all the gross habits of the class from which they sprang, loiterers on the ale- house bench, dicers, scarce able to read by rote their paternoster, often unable to repeat the Ten Commandments, mass-priests who could just read their breviaries and no more, men often dubbed by the uncomplimentary names of Sir John Hack-Latin, Sir John Mumble-Matins, or Babbling and Blind Sir John. In fact, the carual living and general secularity of ministers of religion were pro- verbial before the Reformation." (Blunt's History of the Reformation, p. GG.) Of the black plague of immorality and impurity, I will not defile your columns by dwelling upon them.- the details will be found in Strype, Burnet, and Fuller, by those who care to look them up. If the Reformers escaped the contagion it was by an act of Providence, seeing the Bink of iniquity in which they had been reared. Yet we require proof of " Sentinel's" assertion, and he may rely upon it he will find men who will meet his attack as fearlessly as be makes it, for to no class of men does the world owe such a deep debt of gratitude (Roman Catholics included) as to I the noble Protestant Reformers. -I am, yours, etc., VINDEX. ' West Maitland, August 7, 1889. 