DIANA. She ins as strisghl ns ain IIdian arrow, Iarge-limb;ed n0'nd 'til, with that pecu~iar whi?i skino l which does not tan nor grovir s6alos. "'The fiist DLana wds not more pro. portioned'than was this one. A coinbinatidn of mnsculine strength and feminihn a~dibty -not femioinecenoughto be ihollwyworlp, oinr"mseuline enough be oe wholl?iman. tier dress was half one and hal the other. A man's black slouch hat covered her head, and a" mn~lr i'? iack coat- potected her shoulders ; a petticoat of thick, dark stuff hid the rest of her down to the ankles of her boot-shod feet. 'She rode'a hoge black stallion,a 'crentiatie as splendid inid liry' and"scornful ais the scornful, fiery, splehdid-creature thit?fear. lessly bestrode his back; An imagionative theorist might easily' hare discovered iri the dilatingnostrils, oipllihging heads, and eyes restless withif'ntamable'de fi.ane-the close kisship of two souls before iiietempsycdosistcaide 'one beast' aod ;ohe huinn. She wias Diana;:; tbe horse's'ame was b Sataln. Dianari oe Io?- Satinid'.l Sg?an loved Diana 'Itiwas tho!ight that neither'of them torlil any otherliring thicg sad itiwail a ceiltsinty thatno' other living thing loved estber of;!he `"'' them Dianai pilled': the rein and Stain stoiped with Ontti ?fdoreifst .hlift _d ? hey leooked like e.b.o6y : s:tutd. cntaur. :efore them the-at.tias sBti ng"sinki ig, sliding' down a litilettind a lit'tle into the futhermost edge f th?j lain?:o su J,: and red and so close te dead`.grass it seemed it must set it afire. ?BeLhid thei the bluo, snow-lined wall of the Sierras rae?h:d llp to the louds. Tailare Lake glittered, and. glowed, and ihrnied it the red sutnrays intil its many . leano e. stat bohsom seemed struck by'sonos suddel, transforming '.force. of nature, sideoeh;li siigledrip, of water.changed to i;, fltebocy ,Centaur let tscfoot ahqwly to• t?hre groundi" ;i took, off." its slouched l hits its our eyes lookpd aitraighit int the west. 10,· B ~ A lizard scampered. away, rustling the I dry grass with its scaly legs, a Equirrel vanished into its hole in the ground, and a jack rabbit paused in its gillop, reared up on its haunches, with eyes standing inquir inglyl up; its meek, surprised eyes staredl as straight at the Centaur as those of the Cen taur stared into the west. \- For all other sign of animated existence on the plains these might have been all that in habited them. Ldwer sank the sun, higher, and wider, and deepcr-tinted spreal Its glow; the glory in the west and the gray in the east touched edges at the zenith. ';Higgh over the dimple- glittered, glisten ing, diamond-bosomed lake the armies of the sun built pyramids and domes and- battle menlots of white-fleeced clouds, in silver and crimson and opal add gold, that rose and towered and toppled over into a smoke girthed amber ocean.' The halo of the sky slipped down to the earth and spread over the hot ground and the brown dead clover. It crept to the feet of the Centaur, and over its black glossy hide, and stole into the face of the woman. The scorn, the defiance faded out of it, the hard lines of masculine force softened out of it., TO meet the glow of a dead day came out the glow of a dead heart. It touched her eyes with . its 'essence of soul, and iighted' her" features with the pureness of the virtue that has chastened itself in the 'eimelting furnace of sin. The Centaur, wasr transfigured.- .. ? . ,. A.broad- branched oak-the only tree for miles around-stood near; a man, followed by a sheep-dog, stepped-from behind.. He made no' noise and was not seen. Ite was sun-buirned; and" unshorn, had roughly gar= mented. "There" was an' odd " twitching of 'the muscles about his mouth, and as he 'watcihieid e irocess of transformatioun in the'womarn's face, its spirit leaped into his own. ' SWithout any ,- cjnscious volition. he reached forth his hands and cried- out; ".Diana.', i . , , *,i p;., Was it the reflection of the sunset ii hber cheeks, or simply returning animation; or did she h.ar"7 "'- ' ' :"' ' whe touched the rein and satan lih nded forward, the''bbiy ,Centaur was a passive transfiguration no longer.; It was againttle splendid, scornful, deliant creaturo, hating humanity and smiting the earth with eon temptuoos feet : i. . ; The mnan with; the ' sheep-dog' looked after her a little while, then walked slowly away, taki'an pdi oposite dire. A .voice, both jest and jeeritiruck his ears as he approached the door of' the enigmati cal constructiun .burlesqued with the name of" House." . - ~ t - ,...: 'See, Bill, 'will ye, looks-like he was walkt in' home in- the shadiler' of 'hi' cottin; nnd Shep sneaks along like' he'd been' a.stealin' The man, .tow;shbm the words'were ad dressed, lboked' tit; the'n 'droppedhlis' yes and answered in a lower tone and softer voice than the other:, ... , " leon't joke him to-night, Brassy, he's in one- of his' bad ways. I wouldn't won der if he'd seen that woman 'agaiti. It's enough to make one think she's a'ghost haunting him the way lie looks after he's seen her," . .Ha'nt be dogoned;,I'd like to have such a solid fantasmagory a ha'atin me., ,. .' Stop-he'll hear you." The one who spo-e lastgot up and walked out at the back door to stop the talk of the other. : "Well,' rI1 be 'golled; if I.was as thin skinned about other lieople's feelii'irhs some ieople, I'd ge: me a patent outside," mut tredr liramy.. The causeof the remarl?seated himself n a limb which stuck-out of' the.c wood-pile in' the yard, took out his pocketknife and com menced whittling. - " "Shore sign," 'growled Brassy, looking out ts' he" passed back .and forth, cooking supper; "allus whittles when hes got'em. Burn my'coat if I ain't sometimes thankful for hein' cuticularously tough, but then them moods, an' tenies, an' them fine-haired feel in's helps a fellow out of lots' of cookin'.' Who could ax aechap that looks like he was goin' to his' own funeral to make saleratus biscuits, 'or expect a youngster-with the brine so elote to his eyelids to bile murphysi Say, Ilill, whiat"makes yout 'so down in the ?nouth? Sein ghost or anything??, " Bill did notlook up, or stop whittling. "Yes, I've.. seen. a. ghost. .Supper ready 1' '. "- , ' "No, but I've got her on a-bilin'," cheerily answered Brassy. - - r ,u : t. iHe was a very home-made philosopher, and Arihiimedes woitld most likely have re jected the mathematics of tle'solilbuqy which S' K*nock me down with a featier, itf human nature ain't ' aird thing to cipher oint. ŽNow, ther's Bill annd Dainty,t my Partners, nary one of which ever recollected thatgrub" heo to be cooked, and 'nary'one of which ever forgits to feel the symptoms of approach-. in' meal time.: But which evor side you sit on; grub's in .the niddle, thierefoir" splicin' tw?o and two, and haskin' it v?ersus un-indiwn' quality which is grub, I.find by. thui 'liggtr in' that: grub; is thc,.syntax of:,life -nu'"tlh result of the calkerlatio :is.Brassy hes.to cook it.",- .. . , :Brassy had to talk.' If he had riot anyone else to' talk'to hli talked to himself. '-They were 'a'ýdli~rsified three that sit down to the. rough pine table which Brassy s1iread with a ilourish againistthe wall:. Moody,-. reserved , Bill, child hearted Diinty, who hbad been rechristened thus by by Brassy because of his slightneass of stature and fastidious ways, and theirrepres sible,'philosophical, good- natured' Brassy, who talked when he sholuld have said' noth iiig,and' said 'nmthing when he should have talked, and always hit in the wrong p'ace. An oddly assorted -partnership that kept its bleating thousands on tuatterritory of range whose boundary.line was marked by its vast lonesomniness. Bat in a;clmate where the sqluirrel, the bols end the rattle'nake dwelt peacefulljy in the s5ma "bddeside? these thrie?might har-. The itoonswsit fiill, ad" the ine sat i:tadt aide'of th'd cabin,'tWo'ft th'e'i ta-kini g i lfii after-supper smok?i. ?i 'Te st'eifonsteeiaslm of the breezeless tight had put upon themitts spell of silence.. - 'Bill st with' iowed liead, and whittled mechanically on 's'mall piece of store wood, and Dainty held 'a cigarette carelessly be. twesin his thumb anIl forefinger, and blew ciatented 'littlel ',hltffs of smote away from his month." Brassy.tugged and puffed at ain old jiipe'and watched Bill from under" the rim of his'hat." t~ Bill," saidh ihc:you oight to smoke; it'd .be:i niigtity cbmfort to you, an' save a heap o' good stovewdod.w'' Bill's only notice of the r?n?inrk wasto shift n cis of the. stick.and whittle vigbor ously. Dainty mJved. uneasily and ganv' Brassy'a'warning glance; but no warning glance ever could catch Brassy' unddestand ing. lie always maintained it was a-ainst his'pirincip!es to take liints. " Y-s, smokin' is the most continuous com fortin'amusement I know of; nothin' likeit ito put a man in good sperrits, onless it'l Pttin' goDod sperries in a man; an'stove. wood in this country is mighty hard to geo. Yes, lill, ye ou oght to take to smokin'. Itl pnalaces, an' diamonds, an' 'labian steeds to the pore maon. Coura:e they got uip in sntioke, hbut they're his while they're goin'f I1 you're hungry, it's a sdrt of soothment- to thie placa S't's achbin' for.'ictuals. If you'r alorie.iln a howlin' wilderness it's wife, childieoind'. friends -they go up in smoke, too, bts you have 'em while they're goin'; an it keeps the female:sect from ha'ntin' a lonesome bache. lor." He looked comically at Dainty,and nodded toward Bill. lDainty puckered his brows into a most speailig frown anild asked, " ': " Brassy, do you. know why you arte not like my old hinte 1" "Dunno,'less it's 'cause the knifesbutsup sometimes. Yes, there's miost always same difference between lpeople and old: knirs now, there's Dill-." ". :Dainty jumped up and threw away his cigarette. e Boys," said he, "let's take the dogs over to the river and tree a wild cat-" ??~ : tirassy pocketed his pipe iimmediately.. "Right, me lord,-I'm yourni when it'swi!d cats you talk. An'if Bill wants to go, the triumvirate's agreed; if. he don't- : ' He may sighto the winds; tote God des; Diana, Bat his diays they will end :on the isle of St. Helena.' " . iIessang the-lines ofithe old- fashioned, long-out-utdate' song in? a mestiunmusical_ voice, and it inight- have bCen' the niu.edy that-made Bill start so suddenly that he overturned. the stool- on wlich he- sat; it ,might havo'beenithe moonlight that made him' pale-,.-Dainty hastened to interpose, with;the suggestion that it they were going they had better!start.- He could not havre told why he thought iBrassy'se insinuating nonsense would give pain to Dill, or in what manner it could pain him ;:hoewas one of those peculiar nat=res -that know nameless things by intuition.. Me did, not care for wild- cat hunting, but knew;- prowling about in the, river bottom, trying to scare up ' varmints,",was one of Drassy's weaknesses. Beside, thee were few diveisions to break the monotony of the sheep-herders'existence, evenathough there were three of them, and they herded their own flocks and rode their own borstss ,It has'been said jocularly of. sheep-herd ing, . ,'!It takes but three months to torn the strongest biaini.'" i The `lying: hadi agood fouindation, more especially if the time w&re; s?ictier. 'Think of a humani being, endowed .with the attli. butes'of divinity, sett dowiton'those vast plalirs to follow, dlhy after day, a thousand gcad,of ' bleating sheep-sh eep aire always bleatinfg; dap after day to see the sun rise,. red and" sultry, to shine all day through a. cloudless,: clancelhes sky on a changelss, brown, mirage-glimmeriig' landscape, and sink but of sight, red 'ad sultry, at eve. To hear, night after night, the west wind- awlays' the west.wind-blow'ing its dreary mhiic; and the howl'of the prowling coyote. right a.fter night the same sounds, day after day the same scenes, his companionship the lizzrid and the horned-td-ad-lways follow ing round and rouid that thotsand head of bleating'she:ep. ' SThei moo?u was high up:'in the sky when they reached the timber of the river, -whichl, wasn aboit three miles from the; camp. "-Boys," again said Dainty, "I'm somehow sorry 'asked you to come to-night; i feel like something was going to happen, and that we ought to get out of here as quick as we can. " Oh, gosh,, Dainty, your feelin's is too close to the atmosphere. What you s'pose could happen 1. Think Goaquin Marietta er Three-fingered .aetk's a luxuriatin' in the shadders of the uniderbrush, scented our money-pocket' an' layin fur us, as it were ?" Bill smiled -at this, it was so ridiculous, and Dainty said no mhore of his undefined fear. An hour, two. hours, three, of tramping, and not a wild cat was amiable enough to tree and be killed, much to Itrassy's dim giust. Tired out, they started home,. ,*" Listen, don,t you hear acurious sound! " said Dainty. : "- All of them.stopped and listened, habut only. for a moment. " SI' Merciful God I" shouted Brassy, "rute tor your lives, it's the river overflowed I" Teacy sprang forward'and ran with much speed in spite of brush, and brians,and many stumblings. - • If we.could only get to the slough fust,' panted Brresy. : • The dry bed of the slough was only a few hundred feet beyond, but a wall of water h4igher. than: their heads was rolling down .withltcrriblefswiftness upon' them. The water-fromAhe river overtook them atid lanpped around their feet nod up to their waists.' It was useless now-to try to reach the slough, impossible to cross it if they could, that crackling muflled-roar was to, near.. Tney were between two Iloods ;. it was 'a moment to act without deciting. With one accord Bill and Brassy caught Dainty and heisted him into the forks of a large sapling, by 'the side of which they stopped, and scudded up after him. A minute 'liter they were in the midst of at umile-wide iaste of fast-rising water. ?Be hind tltiii was the terrible, swift, rolling river, whose head was in tie healrt of the 'eternal snows; before them the slough,over which they ha-l walked dry-footed three hours 'before; rolled 'another river, swift flowing, .muddy, ice-cold, and deadly Ideep. .. .=- - 'The sapling swayed and bent with their weight, sometimes dipping them into the chilling water, and shook and shivered to its topmost twig when some Il-ating object lodged againstit. SHigher rose the flood, and swathed their sdaked garments about them; it wnaso cold -socold clinging; and thenight so balmyand w.arm, and the moonlight so soft and 3j beanutiful. " l'artners," said Brassy, " I reckon we're euchered this time." "Looks like it," responded Bill, " and I'mi quite willing." '-." Well,'then, you're' the fust' man I ever saw that ewa ready for rain. Course we'd heir toeswing out 'siie- day, an; drowniu',. they s,.i is' easydeath ;but tobedrownded lika parsel of treed squirrels disagrees with oi. I might 'a' kiiokil,these hot days, 't's cooked the gr~ss dry enouglh to makeyeast powders, ?d melt the snow an' bring down a tilood. Yes, I've' livd ni4h the, river long enougli to be' salookin' out' fer a thing like tlis. 'An' I deserve a soakii' fer bein' so on thoughted, but I don't like to be drownded like a miserable eluir'l." . (iOe" i eDE CO IatD l 