MELBOURNE NOTES. I FROM OUIt (ItVX Crilt lixsl'ON IlKNT.l Aflcr the year's disuussionWbflMK# taken place lictwocn tlm Aiistralinn gnvi- rn- mriire, ilmir Agcnls-Giinural, and tlio- llffit- inostci'-Gonri'al of Great lli'ilitiii, it is nnitu a relief, to find flint the quesliiln whether the mail steainers shall depart a day sooner or a day Inter, has heeii practically settled. Moat of .- lie fiun has lie«n i'lliceil by Victoria. Wo arc a pinus people, and it wan altogether toe allocking In think ul" allowing a Victorian express train to go shrinking ailing Snath Anstrnlmi territory on a Sunday. What wnuhl liecoiria of the "oils of the pjoplo in charge thereof ? thank goodness,. huwover, that ghost lias boon laid for a time, at least. The steamers are to leave Adelaide on Wednesdays ; so, that inxtsud of our being shocked at the violation (if tlio Sshhath by e dozen or two railway employes, we shall all ge to church on Sunday tmirniega, and h'alvo nice quirt Sunday nfternoima upon which to writa letters In cnir friends at home. It will he se niee aid . conveuiont, you know ; wo sliull nut be Imrried, and shall have alt tiia mere litis# to spice mir gossip with stories of onr Inutael friends' dnings out here. The Marine Court of Inquiry have found that the Cape Yi.-rdc was run down and link through tho carelessness of Pilot Gilford in handling the Tnlsuthc. His liuenlois suspended for 12 months, and lie ia iine<t'£52 10s. That is all vbty'well. A fins of £52 10s, and tlio Idas of a year's earnings — if lis does lose them — wilfteuch Mr Gilford to I a n little more careful in future. But who pnvH for tiie aliip und eai'90 V If the Iolnnthe had been in charge of bar own captain, tho finding of the cuurt would hare mads her owners responsible. But tho part regulations took her out of tlio captain's .eere, and placed her in charge of tlio pilot. The pilot handled liar in such it manner that che ran into tlio Capu'Vonlo and sank tier. Again, who is to pay for the 'Cspib Verde ? She anil her cargo wore insured ugainst ordinary sea risks. But n pilot a carsluss- nosa or want of judgment is nut an ordinary sea risk, and if the law of the land plnccd him in a position to destroy twenty or thirty thousand peuniis' worth of property, it almost seems as if tlio treasury woHld hare te pay the piper. To compare small things with greater ones, a very curious ease is shunt lo come before tlio Supremo Court, and wh eh hears sums distant annlngy to. this rmu. Til-; decision may iie of inturosc to liouse- ownsrs, and fur that reason t he enae is worth watching. A Mrs Silk rents a lionsa iu.Gisliiirue atrs.-t, near .Victoria Parade, and let a part nf it as lodgings to a Mi ami Mrs Newull. Sums weoka (go Mrs- Newell pat her foot through a rotten hoard in tlio kitclisn Itunr, by reason ol which, it is alleged, she sustained serious injury. Sho now Mice — not tho actuul tenant of tlio. house — luitMreJano Haley (who is the' ownsr of tho building) for "negligence,", .in having auirared the house to fail into disrepair, whereby alio (Mrs Newoll) lias sustained serious imuricv. At Mr Justirs VBeckitt soya, so far as lioen aeo, there are likely to arise difficult questions of law in the eass ; henco hnase-ownors have an interest in watching how they are disposed of. . When " lush " and "whisky" disagree things look (minions enough to cause re- joicing in the teetotal camp, or extort a grim atnila from the visage of Mr Yah. Such an evint actually happened last week. A man namad Whiakor sued a man rinili'd Lusli for the recovery of £3. Lush keeps a boardinghoua'e,'aiid it sccmod only natural tlmt Whiskey' alimihl lodge with him. One day Whiskey returned aftcr-a week's absence, and alleged that somo eiiitliss were missing out of a portmanteau. Lush declined to be held responsible and refused to pay. Iltnce tho little opisodo at tba Prahran Cnnrt wliieli lias brought Masai's Whiskey and Lush iieforo tlio puliiio. In declining to inditmuify Ltiali at tiie expsnie of Whiskey, the bench charged' until on guinea (coats) for thartrouhle ho had given Iheim Bums people obtain notoriety sne way ; some another. A Cpanty Court served the turn of Lush and Whiskey., Australian " Hnnoreblaa " have more dislingtiised arena— tin . Jlunai of Commons. Tlio title of " Honorable " ia awurded to noted Australians, and natives, or residents, in oilier colonies, jn recognition . of services reudorid tu their rsspactive coiiiitriss. Tlis recipient of these " honoi a " presumably are man of Mderstanding. and therefore it is strange that any of them should be ignorant of thejkd) that the honor bus a local signifisaliea' "anly, and was never irilcndld to carry, with it any value as a mark of standing in , England. The Honorable Duncan Gillies, ps n train, is well enough in Victoria, nnd wo all know what it limns. But the Honorable Duncan Gillies, in1 Leailon, ta anyone not woll posted iu Dlbrett, would, if so announced, be received, and would pass, as a yotiger on of a Britiah Peer. And it is obviously withihe.yisw.,to prevent assumptions of that luitars that tiie Colohiil" iOffii.-e hat drawn -attention to tlie fact. Tho vet y use ef tho term outside ths' colony is an in fringement of . a well understood custom, licit is a ease., Ws have just now a vory popular Governor on iosve in England. Bnt heihas not tarried tho titlt.of "Your Excellency " with him. That title has liccil assumed by Sir William Robinson. It belongs to tlm " office," not to tile man. In til same way Rasr-Adniirnl Fairfax is " Ilia Excellenuy ' ; so :long.; as he sails , tinder, the psunant ref cotnmjtul — In.t no longer.' : Afl his " Exgeljince '! departs when hi goes on half-pay ; ahd.ntr Iletijjj Loch will have to. wait-till hi git baclcrto Milooarne, ir is sworn-ii I Governor at tiie Cape, hifoyi hii " Excellency " coims back to him. ". „ ' "Tablo. Talk" .aayatftal Mr G. W. 'I'sylor, of Melhoiirni and land boom' f a mo, ir now living in grand stylo in Luiuldii. Wall, I suppose he coil uit'ord it. Tlio land boom put . money into somo men's pocikR, whatever it did, or did not do, for others. Mr Taylor, I suspect, was one of tlio knowing ones. Tn give an idea, says ' Table Talk," of the stylo in . which he' is fitting up ids -London rosiF deuce, it limy lie mentioned that ths onhii' for champagne alone, lo 'stock his win cellar, touched tho mildest sum of £80;). Here, again, Mr Tayloi knows how to lake cure of himself . I also know sniiothing about this wine order, and of the brand 'hrrt Ml.O. W . T. lias chosen, and a most cxt-ollffnt liitind it in— -tint of Goblet frsrts. If it ia not we I known in the colonics it ought to be. It is good, sound, dry, honest liquor, in great vogue at the Cnlennn and oilier crack ho>ls, and Mr Taylor uvidsnlly means well by -Ins gnosis in providing it forlhem, A frianil of mine' lias bought " sec tion," and has gone out to Mildu n to work it. lie is going in for fruit. I ficlioc '.it 11 bnl faintly understood yet what a mag- nificonl i'ntiiro fins liefmc Victoria ns a fi'uil-groviiiij', and preBerveii fruit export- dry. i.ook nt California. The" fruit of that country spreads ovor the world. Kren now wo have uinile a begin ning. Tlio result of inquiries nt two or thrru factories co irinced my friend that there will always bo an opening for hia fruits. f fn oao of tho Mollooorno factories alone — tin "Rod Cross" — they receivo 1-70 tills of raspbtrries during the season; Benidos these, thor m.e 1500 tons of other fruits, and nosrly 1700 tons Zt Mauritius ami Queensland aagnrs. The tanks need ror pickling have a collective holding capacity of 100,000 gallons ; whilst llioy turn out 5000 dozens of 21b cans of toma toes every year. From these ligaroa it is easy to sec what a splendid future there is for fruit ; and there is no doubt that, in ths near fature, fruit-grtfiving, frail-boiling and preserving, and fruit-drying will nccupv an large, if not a larger share nf attention than wine growing now does. These irrigation colonies are destined to work wonders in more ways than ona ; and wo ahull not have long to live to see it. Why, we shall have a " trip lo Mildura " a quite common occurrence very soon . Only tlio other da v a young fellow in Collins street told too lie was going to spond his holidays at Mildura. Spoaking of Collins street re minds me llist coins oranges were oxhihited in n shop-window a few days ago, nil from the same orchard, somo grown upon svstemalically irrigated greuml, aomo not. Tlm " irrigated " fruits were far soil away the heaviest nnd heat. The Norlh-Wojtcrn hounds had a moat pleasant run at Delorain on Saturday when there was n good attendance, and some good horieinnuihip was shown. It is exptcled that ths meet which lak place litis afternoon, at Sherwood, near Latrobe, will prove a grand success, as if rain does not intervsno tho running will "bo first-class, Rnd we are informed that in all probability a great many Imntsmou will bo present. 