Against the Tides of Fate. ] By L. L. Chapter IV.— WITH A NEW FACE. 'Ay, av, Mansell; what's the weather like?' sleepily asked the old captain xs, in the silence of the morning watch, i lit the lump ia his stateroom, nnd gently shook and called him by his natne as he l«y half clothed in his col, just in the same manner as L had done tor years. ' Oh,' he continued, yet only half awake, ' 1 forgot — Mr. Scarr it's you; l-ut ? ' and here he abruptly stopped, and tat up with a long stare of astonishment at the outlandish, squalidlook ing figure before him, barefooted and hatlesB, and clad only in dungaree trouseis and a red shirt, both articles torn, dirty, and discoloured by sea-water and scram bling amongst tbe cargo. ' Who the deuce are you ?' he asked, at last, ' and how did you get here ?' — his eye involuntarily glanc ing the while towards where, abovo his head, hung a pair of pistols. ' You knew my voice just now, even in your sleep, Cap! .... Johnson,' I answered, *' and, if 1 have lost my whiskers, you've seen me often enough with a smooth face to know your last second mate, and the one who, but lor a miserable mistake, should have been your first this trip.' 'God bless my soul!' ejaculated the old man as, leaning forward, he peered into my face; ' Manse.l Dames, is it you or your ghost? or did I dtink too much champagne with that lung Yankee at the dinner table last night?' 'No, sir,' 1 replied; 41 I'm no ghost; only a poor unfortunate devil. I have a tale to tell you, and ? ' 'Ay, uv,' interrupt d ho, ' that's 'what they nil Bay! Aud I'm hanged if I'm sure whether you're flesh and Hood yet.' Seeing that the captain was in a state of perfect bewilderment, I held out my hand, into which, after a moment's hesitation, he placed his own, which I shook heartily, saying, ' Now, sir, ghosts don't usually Uel like that, do they ? and, with your permission, and apologising for waking you, i'il spin \ou a yarn that I hope wil interest you and induce you to help me to the best of your ability.' ' Ay, ay, Mansell, my boy,' returned the old man. ' But, wait a hit, I'm a little upset, as you'll grant is natural when a fellow is roused out. like this by another one who he believed to be ten thousand miles uway, and who he heard ?? -1 fairly gone to the dog', all lor the sake of a wui. idi-s pretty face. And sorry nnd vexed enough you may be sure I was,' continued the skipper, as he drew on his clothes, ' to have to believe that the most promising lad I ever had, one, too. whom I almost looked upon as a son of my own, should have played such pran&s; as they say he did.' '? More of Merton Suerr's lies, I suppose !' I ex claimed to myself. 'I wonder when the reckoning will come !' Whilst the captain, still eyeing me rather dubiously, produced glasses and a bottle of spirits from his private stock, muttering to himself brokenly, as he unhooked a little table and set the things on it, ' Aye, it looks something like him! But how the deuce -where did he come from ? Stowaway, I s'pose — nothing else for it !' At last, helping himself and bidding me do likewise, he sat down and listened to my story with the utmost wonder depicted «-n his' jolly old red 'face. Nor did he interrupt me until 1 came to describe the scene on the Westmoreland's foreca-tle-head of a couple of nights ago, when he gave a long whistle and muttered some thing I did not catch. ?' Is this all true, Mansell ?' asked the captain as I finished. 'Am God is my judge, sir, it is,' I answered, solemnly. ' And 1 think,' I said, ' 1 can trust you to bear me out that, in all the years we have sailed together, you never knew me to tell you a lie.' 44 That you never did, my lad,' assm eJ the captain heartily, as he gripped my hand ; '* and I'll stand by you now, though you've done some foolish things, bee how pleasantly ail would have turned out if you had but stuck to the old boat. Why you could have knocked me down with a feather when the ouneis plucod your letter in my bands aud told me to ship a new mate, recommending at tho same time a nephew - f one of the partners— this very swab Scarr — who, to give him his due. is a good seaman. A pretty line of lies he reeled off to myi-elf, and, it t^nems, lo M isa PallUer too — bless her pretty face — about your doings and goinga on in London, when he found that be was aboard of your old ship. But, now, my dear boy,' he concluded, pulling himself up short, ' what the deuce am I to do with y.m ?' I was eilent, for I really had nothing to suggest. ' You can't very well return to your quarters down below,' went on the skipper, after a long pause, during which he was evidently doing his best to puzzle the question out. ' I should very much like to send Mr. Scarr for'ard, and let you take his place. But, you 6ee, my lad, this is quite a private adventure of your own that you're sot sail on, and I can't interfere in my official capacity. Mind, I don't say this because he's a relation of the firm's. I don't care a button for tbat ; and I've got a quarter share myself in her this trip ! I tiiink,' he continued, after another spell of cogitation, ?' tbat, if possible, you'd Letter keep out of sight altogether, till we get to Melbourne - but how to manage that, I must confess, brings ine up with a round turn all standing. Hour many bells is that ? Why, it's 3 o'clock ! Here, turn iuto that spare bunk, while I go on deck and have a smoke and a think over it. It's Martin's watch.' So saying, he departed; but, just as I was about to lie down, he returned with a ^reat plateful of fowl, ham, and brend and cheese, together with a bottle of beer, a welcome enough supply, to which I prepared to do ample justice, as the kind-hearted old skipper, with a final assurance that he would manage to square things somehow, went away, locking the door behind him. I must have slept long and soundly, for, when I awoke and drew the curtains of my bunk, it was broad daylight, and the hands of the captain's clock pointed to noon. At my feet, neatly folded, lay a suit of pilot cloth, a clean shirt, a pair of socks, shoe 4— in fact, a lull rig-out, the produce, I had no doubt, of the ship's slop chest. However that may have been, they tilled me as if sailor-made. I had only just got iuto them, when the captain and an elderlv, kind-faced, gray-haired man entered. Introducing his companion as 44 l -r. Cameron,' Mansell, my bov, whose got bra ns for the pair of us, we shook hands, aud the captain went on, ' You see. Mansell, i had tj press help iuto the service, for I found I couldn't figure tbe thing out at all by myself. The doctor, though, hit upon a plan ; aud, as we'ro so close, and can do with some fresh provisions, why, I've agr. ed to put in. And now I'll leave you two to talk it over, while I go and see whereabouts we are.' I found Dr. Cameron a kindly, clever, old Scotchman, who expressed himself as well pleased to be of service to me. The captain had told him pretty nearly every thing, and he promised to become a valuable ally in the carrying out of his idea, which was, that the Westmore land should put in at Capetown, and that, after getting ashore there iu some way or other, I should rejoyi her ! as a passenger. ' I was in love once myself, Mr. Dames,' remarked the dootor with a quiet smile as he finished his explana tion, '' and, although the course of my courtship did not run very smoothly, still, I had no perils of secret enemies j and midnight ocean swims to encounter. You will have to J be very much on your guard during the rest of the passage, for £ have always thought Scarr to be a bold unscru pulous man, and one utterly without conscience. I can not te.l you how pleased I was to hear from our wor.hy captain that my private diagnosis of tiiose knuckle - marks was the correct one. ' For my own part,' he went on, ' 1 should say, come out fearlessly, and tako your place as a passenger at once. But Captain John sou thinks that, between yourself and Scair, the ship would be all at sixes and sevc-ns. and that he might be forced to keep one of you constantly confined. However, in tho r61e I am designing for you, it will be muoh eai-ier if you play your cards at all well, to protect Miss Palliser from the possible importunities of the chief officer. You see, ho is an ' own- r's man ;' and, though 1 don't believe that is a consideration that would sway tbe cauiain for a moment, yet it makes it all tho more difficult for him to interfere unless he sees absolute occasion, or is. appealed to by tbe young lady herself. Now, let us see how these thimrs fit you. I wore them last in the character of a middle-aged lover at some private thatricals in my native city of Aberdeen.' As he spoke the doctor produced from a bag he had with him a brown wig, a lo: g brown beard, aud a pair of blue goggles. ' The very best maker, and all the latest improvements in the way of springs and clamps,' he added, as he proceeded to fit them on. ' There !' he exolaimed, adjusting the wig, 'an angry woman, even, couldn't pull that off, tug she never so hard. Ah,' he went on, ' your black locks are rather long,, but I'll soon remedy that'— snipping away, as he . spoke, with a pair of scissors. ' Now — the beard. There, it's simply perfect ! Let me see ; what shall we call you?' Just then his eye happened to fall on .a ' Nome's Epitome ' lying on the little table, and, said he, 'How would Norrie do? Mr. John Norrie. Yes, I think that's about tho idea. Only, remember you are nothing in particular — simply a traveller — a gentleman of lei sure, in fact, and then you won't have the trouble of attempting to sustain any especial pait in our little drama. 1 don't think I would reveal myself to Miss Palliser, for a time, at least— but that is for your own consideration ; and assuredly not at all to Miss Raleigh, who, l must tell you, has developed symptoms within the last few weeks that I don't at all like. Not illness, in your sense of the word, no,' replied' he to my anxious question, 41 but a sort of nervous derangement, very slight as yet, but apt to become serious through sudden shock or surprise. The captain says we shall make the laud the day after to-morrow, at latest; so until then I'm afraid you must be content to remain a close prisoner.' Whilst chatting, tho cheery little doctor had been busily giving finishing touohes to my toilette, or, rather,' transioimalion ; and now he bade me look iu the glass. I did so, and, truly, the change from ihe clean- faced, da* k-complcxioned young fellow of four or five and twenty, to the elderly, spectacled, somewhat melancholy - visaged man, with long head and beard plentifully flecked with grey, absolutely startled me to much that I drew back in almost fear from the unfamiliar , features. The doctor chuckled as he noticed the effect of his handiwork, remarking, 41 My dear fellow, your own mother, could she see you now, wouldn't know you from Adam ; and if you have any luck at all you may yet, in either character you fancy best— where one person at least is concerned— have a pleasant trip to Melbourne. Everything came off as arranged ; nor was there a hitch in the whole plan. Directly the anchor gripped the muddv bottom of Table Bay the ship was nearly deserted, 'and in the evening I quietly slipped into a boat and got ashore without exciting the slightest notice. In Cape Town I procured a decent outfit with money advanced me by the captain for that pumose; unil coming on board next morning I choso a spare berth next to his own. That evening, as the ship got under weigh again, I took the seat at the dinner-table beside Amy Palliser, formerly filled by the doctor, who good naturedly vacated it in my favour. Miss Raleigh, who sat on my other hand, I found, spite of the doctor'6 warning, much as usual ; but Amy was paler ntid thinner by far than when 1 lasi had I ad an opportunity of closely observing her. I noticed too that, when she heard my voice offering her some com monplace civility, she started, and a curious, eager look came iuto those deeply-coloured eyes of hers, only to instantly p-ss away, as she scanned the grave, bearded, and apparently weak-eyed old man who was at the moment using all his powers of self-command to re strain himself from clasping her to his breast, and sh -wering loving kisses on hei poor pale cheeks Lefore them all. The mate, I found, generally, in fine weather, took his mea s with the captain and passengers, of whom all told there were only a dozen. His fate wap, by now, freea fr-in its bandages; but! noticed that two of the front teeth were missing. A day or so after leaving Cape Town, I learned from the captain that, before we dropped anchor, Scarr t ad asked his permission to hive both sides of the force istle searched, as he sus peotoi the crew had a stowaway concealed there. In addition to which, tho mate had one day sent his watch below to overhaul the cargo, on pretence that he was afraid some of it was shifting : two facts, taken in conjunction with that damaged fa.es, that made me think 1 had been none too quick in joining the company in the Westmoreland's saloon as a stranger. From my first advent Scarr seemed to take a dislike to the new passenger; but i, on my part, took no notice of him, as I did not wish to make things unpleasant for those who had been so kind to me. But I devoted myself to Aunt Raleigh ; and, by anticipating her every want and wishi as, by virtue of former service, I was so well qualified that the old lady sometimes regarded rne with a look --f unspoken amazement, I now became as prime a favourite, almost, in my present character as I had been ia that of Mansell Dames, whose history and mysterious dis appaarance I had more than once to listen to. As with Amy, Scarr had been careful to let Miss Raleigh know the lying history of my misdeeds, which, it appeared, he began to concoct directly. Amy, espying the ring on his finger, had at once claimed it. Certainly, as her aunt told me in confidence during one of our long chats, he had offered to return the ornament again and again ; but Amy's invariable answer had been, ' If he to whom I gave it is alive, he will some day require it at your h inds. If he is dead, God forbid that 1 should take it from you, whilst ignorant of how he came by his fate !' 44 l'oor girl,' said the old lady, once, looking across to where Amy sat; 41 bIm grieves terribly over the affair. Nothing 1 can say will persuade her that some accident has not happened to tho young man. Dear me, dear me,' she would exclaim with a deep sigh, ' I, too, Mr. Norrie, was very fond of liim! His father, Colonel Dames, and myself were fast friends for half a lifetime. But i here, there; if what Mr. Scarr says is true -and the ring shows tint there must be something in it— perhaps all is for the best. Of course, when Mr. 1 Paget' s letter same, with the news of the great change j in Amy's prospects, I should not have been ding my duty if I had encouraged the young people's attachment. But why, Mr. Norrie,' *he would conclude, drawing herself stiffly up, 'a young man of the (resent day should, upon find ing him?elf not in a position to marry a young lady of fortune, at once proceed to cast his future to the winds an.i steep himself in every description of excess, is mure than 1. with the light of fifty-seven years to help me, can understand !' I learned, also, from Miss Raleigh that, unable to bear the thoughts of losing her much-loved niece, she had, at the last moment, and totally unprepared for the voyage, made up her mind to rent the manor house for a term of years, and accompany Amy to the Antipodes, j as Mr. Paget had, in a second letter, prayed her to do, thus causing my love to miss her passage upon the Albany. Bitter-sweet to me were those bright days at sea, when, seated near the two women as they worked or read, I watched my pale darling through those absurd gogles, and longed with an intense longing to be able to throw off my disguise and reveal myself to her ; re strained not only by thoughts of the coafusion and bother that would inevitable ensue, but by lhat other comparison which would keep persistently intrud ing itself on my mind between the rich Australian heiress and the wandering penniless sailor, possessed of nought save youth and health, attributes deemed of small account when pitted against the power of gold. A fortune hunter, I argued, people would call me if it bt came known that I had. followed the girl about tbe world in this fashion, and would laugh to scorn the idea that my Bole purpose was to be near her in order that I might be at hand to possibly aid my darling, who had entreated me not to let ber go away from her home to strangers alone and friendless. In these days Scarr seemed rather to avoid A niv's presence, but often 1 caught his eyes fixe 1 upon her with ; a brooding, sullen expression, that at times filled me with uneasiness, tor I soon discovered that hi* passion ! was no ephemeral fancy, but a deep, devouring fire, I which he strove vaiuly to h.de when chance or design j favoured him in the attempts he made to attract her j attention, and which, although she did her bast lo ] avoid him, were sometimes successful. It is wonder fully difficult to give a person a wide berth at sea when he is on the same vessel with one. 1 hat ho bitterly re sented my continual presence near the two ladies was very evident ; and that it was out of his power, as an office*-, to interfere, only made his annoyance suouger and more visible. Malice was in his heart, and evil in his mind, as he eyed me ; but to these feeliugs he dared not give expression. The other passengers consisted of, besides the (American, who was travelling agent of a New York firm, and Dr. Cameron going out to practise his pro fession, mostly elderly men, connected with Australian pastoral interests, and who, having visited the old country,' were returning to that ot their adoption, two of them aecomuauied by their wives. One bright, warm afternoon, after a long 6peil of furious Rout.h-ea--t gales, which had driven us nearly across the trop o of Cancer, the ladies ventured up on deck to get a breath of ire-h air after their titesonm confinement below. As I handed Miss Raleigh up tho c mipanion, sh? suddenly remembered her shawl, which she had le t in her cdbin. Returning, I si arched for the stewardess, aud, not teeing her anywhere, deter mined to find the missing artiCie for myself* Entering tho large berth occupied by Amy and Miss Raleigh, 1 gazed around, taking off my goggles as I did so, the better to see the ring. A smothered ejacu lation cmsed me to look up, and my c\es met those of Amy, who, holding the shawl iu her hxiid, had evidently been watchiug my movements wifh no little surprise. I must have appeared terribly foolish as I stareu at her unconsciously, and eagerly perused each well-loved feature, with, fur once, clear vioion ; for, pres-ently, smiling, she said, ' 1 beg jour pardon, Mr. Norrie. for looking at you so, but you are so wonderfully altered without those spectacles that, at fiist, 1 really was not sure as to your identity.' Stammering out s .me excuse, I betook myself to n dangerous habit I had contracted of gently stroking my loug beard, when, to my horror and di.-iuay, i heard a sharp snap, as a spring or something irave way, and tho whole affair came off in my hand. For a moment I hesitated ; then, seeing a look of tcrrur iu ihe girl's eyes as she retreated to the furthest corner of tho berth, hurling the false board on tho floor, I dashed the wig after it, and, opening my arms, exclaimed, ' Oh, Amy, my own lii.tle girl, don't you know ine V' 'ihe next minute she was sobbing on my breast and caressing me with a whole world of love in the tear-laden eyes which were raised wonderingly to my own. ' Oh, Mansell, Mansell !' was all she could say, us 1 ten derly soothed and kissed her, and entreated her to be calm, whilst iu a few short words I told her of th' varied events which had brought me them ; of my losing her parting gift ; my swim from the Albany ; and the resolve I had made that I wouid see her salolv to her uncle. Gradually tho first look of amazement passed away, and presently I was more than amply rewarded for any sacrifices I had mado iu tho past, or might yet have to make, by seeing the now light in her eyes and the quick brightening of the dear features as, hearing steps descend the companion, I snatched one more embrace, and, gathering up my hated belon-'in^s, rushed into my own berth, and there proceeded to r.dj ust them to the best of my ability. From that time until the evil day upon which I left her— and how often through the long years have 1 thanked God that iuv darling knew me before 1 looked my last upon her sweet face— began lor mea newer and brighter life on board of the old ship ; for now Amy and myself could indulge in many a ioug talk together, i unfettered by the restraint that hitherto i had forced upou myself in her presence, talks iu which we twain built wondrous plans for the future, c titles iu the air, in which the rich uncle always figured in my darl ng's mind as the model of agenerousaudbenevo.eutreiative, .pne only tori pleased to welcome t he portiouloss sai:or as fit mate for the heiress of his wealth and broad acres. And, unwilling to ea*t the shadow of my worldly-wise experience on my little girl's cheery imaginings, I let her run on, unmindful of that malevolent glance that haunted us now almost unceasingly. Perhaps Miss Raleigh, seeing us so much together in these latter days, annoyed at my transferred allegiance, or scared by that gr.in bogey of the rich uncle demand ing her charge at her hands fancy free, lwd been givii.g Amy a lecture ; for, one lovely evening, when the sea shone like molten gold in the glories of the sunset which wn had stood long in silence watching, tli9 suddenly whispered, with her face close to mv own, ' Mansell, dear, if you like, I will marry you directly we land in Australia, and then we need fear nothing ; for is not Love as strong as Death ?' Then she turned aud swiftly fled down the lighted companion way. Following her slight form fondly and proudly with my eyes, they encountered those of the mate— dark, gloomy, and fathomless ; and I shuddered with a curious pre sentiment of evil as, coming forward, he rested his hand on the end of the sheerpole, so that I could dis tinctly see my ring, which he still wore. ?'A fine girl, Miss Palliser, is she not, Mr. Norrie ?' he commenced, lightly, 'and one well worth the win ning, if it were possible.' 'Aud why not possible, Mr. Scarr?' I inquired, anxious to hear what he would say. 41 Oh, the common old story over again,' heansweted, in the same flipp int tone. 44 Set her young affections on a scamp for whom she is grieving yet, and to escape from whose influence the aunt is bringing her out to some Australian relation. Such, at least, is the story I have heard ; but, as you are on such familiar— I mijiht aluiost say family — terms in that quarter, I expect you will have obtained a more correct and minuter version.' ' Likely enough, Mr. Scarr.' I answered, ignoring the sneer, but longing nevertheless to be at him. ' All I know, and feel, is that it is wonderfully good and kind i of the bright young creature to spend so much of her | time aud conversation on an old mm like myself, almost, iud'.ed, an iuvalid, and to wh -m a fresh, plea sant. voice aud cheerful words and smiles uie a rarity aud a treat.' '?Just so, Mr. Norrie; just 60, sir,' responded ho dryly. j ' It's quite a second edition of May nnd December j to watch you two together. Everybody in the ship is [ wondering at the fascination those blue lamps of vours ! have exercised over charms proof against all else.' With this parting sneer, he wa ked awav, leaving me to wonder how long it would be before t h:- day of teckoning arrived, that day on which I had set my heart so timly. Alas, ft r the poor, weak wretch who longs and waits for such udav, all uuwiiting that its fruit will turn to bilterest* dust aud a^ss in his mouth ! (To be continued .) 