A PHANTOM PLOVfiHMiN. • In the north-western corner of Lower Merion township, Montgomery County, Pa., a great hubbub has been raised by a plinutom fanner who is nightly seen ploughing in a field. The apparition was first discovered about the end of March by a farm hand who was returning late from coursing. Emerging from a wooded pathway that skirted an old forest for miles, this rustic was startled to hear a sepulchral voice commanding a team to halt. He looked in vain about the place for a moment or two. and was about moving on again when the same sound fell on his ear. A shiver crept over him as he heard the creaking of an unseen harness, and his terror was far from being allayed by the whinny of a house almost directly before him. At that mome"' new mocn stole over the r-%nooring tree tops, and iu its light he plainly saw the «-om fanner. It was clearly outlined against the dark background, aud its two hands held in a steady grasp the projecting handles of a plough. Before it marched a pair of spirited horses, dimly outlined iu the misty light, their heads erect and their eyes flashing fire as they uioved hastily along. The young mau waited another moment to reassure himeelf. and vras about to tike to his heels when ploughmau, horse, and plough suddeuly vanished. Then he, too, fled in wild alarm. At Silas Brown's corner grocery, on the night succeeding this, the young man. Albert Cooper by name, told this startling story. The crowd adjourned to the alleged scene of the ghost's operations to verify or disprove Cooper's tale. TJiey had not long to w;ut. Without the noises that had warned Coper the uight before, the phantom farmer appeared before the eves of the seven men who sat upou the fence, or, to be more accurate, who almost fell from it iu terror. His long white hair aud beard streamed in the passing wind. No hat was upon his head, lor could any portion of his face be seen except the glistening eyes. These shot out from a height of more than seven feet from the ground, indicating the spectral stranger was taller than the average of human kind. About his body, which could not be well traced, there was _ phosphorescent glow which dazzled the eyes of the terrified spectators, and shone far ahead of the steadily moving horses. The plough he leaned on seemed of skeleton frame, but it tossed off the soft, moist earth as easily .as a steamer turns the river waves. On lie came,' die horses seemed .to exhale fire, their heads erect aud arching, and footfalls as firm and clear as any watchers ever heard. At the corner of the field they turned obediently at a word fmui their spectral driver, and flr-h passed before 'the- affrighted spectators, who thereupon fled in luste. On the following morning a ctovd of rustics determined to go fco\he field und see whether any trace of the farmer could beseem AB they came in 'eight of the enclosure one of die number exclaimed in astonishment. " Til be durned if the thing doesn't plough, sure enough." 7 He Has tight. One-half of the fiddlad been gone over, evidently by no novice. The furrows - were not quite so broad as those made'by an ordinary ploughman, butthey were less ragged and more deep, and were fields _ " '^""'tiiusfiTOtifi owner of Hie field was one of die number, sMid fceittdk.^'solemn oath that he had not turned a sod in the enclosure. 