. . .-..'1 ..'... : _«-f ? r. ' A! Story of a Ctiristmaai Pantomime Bx .HENRY PETTITT in 'The Theatre.' :Til ^ ^'INIp'K, property master of tho ' .'^S II Theatre Royal, was a poet, not that ^WJ^ he was any the less a property £SB^ master, for a more conscientious and hard-working servant n'overW sub iriitied to. bo 8\vorni at by a stage manage/; but ' at times the ' cacoethes scribendi ' would' be strong upon him,' arid then, if the work was at all slock, he was. to be avoided by. all prosaic persons who did not want to bo seized by tlio first a fine frenzy rolling, poured forth 'A Poem to thoTit,' or ' Stanzas to the Stalls.' At the beginning of the season a pretty and 'intelligent young girl hod joined the company to play small parts. She was tho only daughter of a poor widow, whogaiued her livelihood as a seamstress, at one''- of the large theatrical cos tumiers in London. Her name, or 'rather her professional name; was Rose Hazlcdean. She had begun her theatrical career as a coryphee, but, '. by dint of sheer hard work and perseverance, had obtained suffi cient education to qualify herself for a more responsible position. During the season she had to improved by practice in the varied range of characters, and had gained so much confidence by the praise and encouragement of thu manager and company, that a bright and successful career was predicted for her. Amongst others whose general kindness and practical suggestions had wen of great assist ance to tho struggling girl was John Lester, who played tho leading juvenile business. He was a ? capital actor, and a good fellow, who would pro bably have achieved a much higher position, but for an unfortunate penchant for playing practical jokes. Managers did not always 'appreciate a species of humour which sometimes made them the butt of their companies aud servants, ami Jack Lester frequently found that his manager's sense of humour did not extend beyond an envelope placed in his hands by the prompter containing a fortnight's notice. Forced by necessity and experience to spare the maimfrer, and finding the company at tho Theatre Koyal too wide-awake to become his victims, Jack Lester had seized upon the pro perty-muster for his prey, aud Finder, who in other respects was a remarkably intelligent and clever young fellow, would be beguiled into reading his poetry and giving copies to liis hypocritical patron, who would ingeniously pur vert and alter them into such extraordinary pro ductions that when they were reud in the green room with exaggerated gesture and burlesque emphasis his listeners would be convulsed with laughter. Jack Lester's amusement, however, was one night brought to a termination by tho extra ordinary and unexpected behaviour of Rose Hazeldean, who indignantly protested against the ridicule that was being heaped upon the de voted head of the unconscious poet; and who avowed her intention of warning him, unless the cruel amusement was at once stopped. Jack Lester persisted, and Hose Hnzleck- im speedily proved she was a woman of her word. The re h-ult of her championship of Finder was seen the next day, when in response to Lester's invitation to write him a poem for recitation between the pieces, not to take more than five minutes, de scribing the history and wanderings of the lust tribes of Israeli Pinder replied in language which, if not elegant, was at least forcible, ' Write it yourself, and be bothered.' A coolness now sprung up between Pinder and his quondam patron, more than counterbalanced however, by the increased and genuine interest evinced by Rose Hazledean in the poet's verses, which rapidly developed a more amorous ten dency, and when one of the ladies found smne wrses left accidentally upon Rose's dressing place, beginning with — . Pontius lips I love to kiss you, ?Walking homeward in the wi't ??? ?When to mise the homely iriughum In our rapture we forgot ! Suspicions were aroused which appeared to gain continuation; when another effusion was dis covered in her handbag, which she had left on her chair while rehearsing, aud which con cluded— With tho ring upon yonr finger In the vestry you will linger, With onr anxious hearts at euse, 'While I pay the parson's fees. All doubts, however, were set at rest towards the end of November, when it was formally announced that.' Miss HaVJedean had become Sirs. Pinder. * ?The autumn season hnd drawn towards tho ' close. ' Pinder1 was' busy modelling for the pan tomime, and the. programme was being changed nightly, in a vain attempt to draw agooseand pudding-saviiiK public, when a drama founded uutm ' East Lynhe' was put into rehearsal for performance the same night. ' 'Mum Rose Hazle . -dean (Mrs. Pinder),' in consequence, of the indu ' ' position of the 'leadiiig'Jady, was' cast for the runaway wife. v' The rehearsal was a hasty and incomplete one. The manager was busy drilling the ballet for the pantomime. ' The prompter's attention was distracted .ivith scone plots, and Pinder. was hurriedly (sent to Birmingham to purchase certainnecessariea for the property room. In the drarnala lettqr was supposed to be written by the runaway wife, addressed to her husband, in which she announced her intention of leaviug ' ' .him for ever. Theprb'mpter'being busy, Mrs. ? Finder copied1 theletter herself, arid at the end , of the evening's I 'performance^ it was left'' on the prompteA-desk, where it was noticed by Jnck Lester, just as Mrs.iPinder rushed up to the prompter, and, in an excited manner, asked ;; to bo excused rehearsal next morning. She had received a telegram tosay that her nfother w.is ill. There was just,' time to catch the last train, and be back, in time for. the next night's per formance ; might ' she go ? Permission was at once given, ^fahe wrote a hurried note to her husband, explaining the' cause of her absunce ; gave it to tho prompter to hand to Pinder, who was expected btick before the' farce was over. .; Shu ftien hurried away with a hasty good night to Jack Lester, whoso busy brain. imme- diately conceived: the idea of playing a practical joke upon Kinder. It was a sudden impulse,, ? acted upon without thought. The prompter's attention was engaged, and in a moment the ... . -aivelopo, .insufficiently fastened,, was opened, and the property letter bidding farewell to her husband was substituted for the real one. The performance-was over* tho lights were :!. lowered, the company, and employees : hod left, and Jack was in the act of saying good-night to . the hall-keeper, when Pinder returned and the t note was placed, in his hands. He read it through by the solitary gas. jet over the door, crushed it in his hand, mid without a word walked into the dimly-lighted and gloomy theatre, and up into liis propBrty-room, which ., was situated pver the flies. ' : --??' Lester, who was iu reality a very good-hearted - fellow when not blinded by hi; 'master pas sion, watched' Pinder's retreating figure, aud : -. J; had just made .' up ? Wb mind to co after him and . explain everything,, when he ? was. suddenly seized by half a dozen jovial ,..i 'acquaintances ,iylio' Iliad come t» fetch him | out to supper,, arid,, listening to no I excuses, they '. .dragged ,lmU'away''to a neighbouring hostelry; ' , wlitre,' in the excitement; Piiidor was forgotten, and it'.wfo not until tlio next morning, wiiun, with an aching head, he dragged himself to the theatre,' that 'ho remembered with a pang of 10-. ? '?niorjb,' the cruel joke that he had perpetrated. ? ., .,,,(t'jLato, as usual;: Mr. Lester,,'.;excluiined tho \\-( Vtluiiiiingor; as'Jaclc madeliis appearance. :; 1 ; 'Beginners, ' .pleaio,' ' shouted', the prompterr i ''' 'mid' the rehearsal proceeded quietly, rally delayed now and then by the' wiint or such properties as were essential' to the soheines,'^an'd ' wh'ich, aftsr ^considerable delay were brought; by , BinderM, assistant. , ? * '' ; ) ' ?''??'? ' Whore ia thut-confpuuded property man ?' continually ''shouted the manager, but without result, and the first act was over when Lester's aite'nnbn was called to a group of the company ? who were pointing overhead to the gridiron ovar tho stage. .?;« ? ? ? 'What's that hanging up there ' asked one. .; ...t .'A pantomiraa- property ,lEBup'po6e,' replied another, looking up. . : , ,; ( i ? .. ' Wonderfully made,' said a third. ' Capital 'fallow, Pinder; the best modeller in Ungland.' Lester, lite tho refit, looked up, and there, , .. dangling at. the end of a roiw, between the ' foroers, was a Mjmetliinjr that, in the unccrtairi ? light; looked straufccly like a human body, and ? the sight of which sent a strange thrill through Jack Lester's heart, and caused it to sink within him. ? ' Wha.5 are yon all star-gazing there for?' &tk;*rl thft mana^r. ' The tibi&.-i of interest wan. ixnnted out to him. ? 'Capiriil mrdul of a man,' said the first old man, *' ft g*'e mb the shakes when I first saw '*Yo-rmnisi have 9«*?ri it months' ago, then,' anirsw^Rd thirfcw comfirfian. ?'Remarkably like a banging man, said the ?waJJring gentleman, an hn plantwl a g)a*i in hit eyearwi Uiokrtl np. , . .' Not unliko'Kndor hiin^elf,' added another. '?JJy, Jovo,', shouted tho man(igor, who had been steadily looking aloft, 'it - is Pinder ! ?Quick, there, some 'of you, conio with 'me and helptocuthlmdo^vn.' -And away he rushed, followed by several of tho gontlomen. : As the rest of the .company gathered together and stood by the prompt entrance insilent horror, Jack Lester turned deadly white, nnd clung to one of the wings for support. The suspouso was almost insupportable, and when, in a few minutes the word was passed down that it was Pinder, his heart seemed to stand still. He staggered to the stago door, homo to his lodgings, locked the door, ana sank into a chair, overcome with an agony of remorse. Iu imagination ho could hear the horror-stricken whispers as tho inert mass was lowered to the stage, soc tho white face, with tho classy eyes turned towards him with an eternal reproach in them. This, then, was the result of his practical joking, ho was a murderer. . , ? . ; How the time passed he never knew, but ho was aroused by a knocking at the door.. Ho rose, mechanically, opened it, and admitted his landlady, who brought him some tea, and in formed him that it was time to go to the theatre. Now camu tho necessity for reflection and decision. Might he not be accused of the death of Pinder; If it were proved, his career would be rained for ever. No one had seen him change the letters; no oiiu could provu his agency in this business. Would it not he better to bury his ghastly secret in his own breast, and put on a bold front 1 Yes, he would ; and, bracing himself for the ordeal, he boldly walked down to the theatre. As Jack Lester entered the stage door, ho had not the courage to ask the hall keeper if there was more news concerning the tragic occurrence of the morning, but slunked rather than walked across the dimly lighted stage to his dressing room, which was situated at the end of a passage on the opposito side. As he passed under the spot where the body had hung in tho morning, he felt an almost irresistible desire to turn back, but the kuowledgu that his absence might raise suspicion gavo him courage, and he walked on, with a strango feel ing that an indefinable presence was either behind him or beside him. Tho dim, ghostlike atmos phere of the unlighted theatre added to tho illusion, and, with a dreadful sinking of the heart, and a terrible sense of impending mis fortune lie walked down the dark passage, turned the handle of his dressing- room door, entered, and there, beneath the half-turned gas jet that but dimly lighted the corner where ho usually dressed, ho saw the erect form of Pinder pointing, with a ghastly, mocking grin npon his pale face, to the rope that hung round his neck. He would have turned and fled, but horror held him spellbound ; he would have cried out, but his tongue refused utterance as tho fifruro advanced towards him, holding out the letter, and in a deep, sepulchral voice exclaimed, ''You ought to be well ashamed of yourself for playing » trick like this!' ' J\'ot dead !' gasped Jack Lester, clinging to the handle of the door.' ' Not a bit of it,' answered tho ghost, turning np the gas. ' I met. my wife at tho station before she started. You played your game without telling the rest of tho company. I took them into my confidence, and here they are to see who holds 'trumps.' At that moment the door was pushed open from without, and a roar of laughter saluted Jack Lester, that rang in his ears for months after. ' But the body «' ' Made it myself, and hung it myself. When you made fun of my poetry everybody except me was in the joke, and everybody is in this one except you. Take my advice, give up x'ractical joking, sir, and if ever you are tempted to break out again, just you remember that actors are just as easily taken in as poets, and take warn ing by 'The Property Master's Ghost.' 