T HP G/|LEj\Vf BOY . Cbipjks ; I was never so ashamed of mj'self as I was oil Saturday night. . I ain't a scrupulously particular covie, but darn me if I wasn't blusliin' on that occa sion. Where was I ? Why, in the .Royal gallery, in course; and I never was so .much disgusted, with the disorder, and the cliiakin' and the filthy language as I was them It was liawful, Jack, and you needn't fret that you couldn't get in. There were some " things " — I can't. call them anythiu,' else but ." things " — -who almost guyed the show, and by their obscenity once or twice went very nigh queerin' it. Oh, I did feel wild, and I never before wished that I was a big heavy weight and could stoush them brutes under the juggler. But there, I've worked my temper— and you know, Jack, I've got a beastly one. and "go for " you often — and now for ' 1 The Silver King. " W ell, J ack, it ain't np to the mark, and some, who have recollec tions of its performance 'ere and at 'ome, were a-sayin' as 'ow it. was a mediocre show altogether. -You know I think that 'ere drama is. the best thing of it's -kind as lias been written in my time, and it'll be what they call: a "stock" play, and be put on every now and then when they want a stop-gap. You just mark my words, ole man. Saturday's performance was simply a chapter of accidents and a series of disappointments. The chiakin' and the rowing of the gallery was, no doubt, a big bit to blame for it, and also made some of the people nervous ; but still,, apart from that, it was not a completely satisfactory show. . You can't say, for instance, that Bucklaw shone. I would say .that there was a very weak flicker about his Denver, and there was something of monotonous mediocre about his interpretation. Why, he failed to make some of .his best "points," and I didn't think that the business in the inn, and the recognition of the kiddie could have been so tamely and ineffectively done by any actor of the least little bit of experience. And then, why didn't- he see that his- props, and fixin s were right. That pistol wouldn't go off", and a blessed fellow, came on and -said somethiri' about he thought e"eard' a noise, where, of course, there was 110 report. Then the table went a cropper in the dead body discovery scene, and almost killed the piece - at one of. the. best points in it; and why should he have gone on tuggin' and luggin' at that door frame which nearly gave up the ghost. The best thing -in his whole performance is his relatin' to Jaikes that horrid dream which 'e 'as. But if you ask me, Jack, I'ni by no means dead nuts on Bucklaw's renderin' of the Silver King. It is, in my opinion, under-acted and monotonous. And that word monotonous applies "to what I fear is to be that flash covie Sass' characteristic. He walks about in a measured, mannered sort of way, and lie speaks without at any time the slightest inflection of liis voice. That becomes wearisome, . and I hope it ain't to be carried on right through to the end of tli,e chapter. The Sptder is a second Iayo, as it were, and ought to be played with a big bit of contrast between the light and shade. There ain't much in Sass' inter- pretation of it. -He looks the part well enough, and wears an eye-glass as artistically as the best on 'em. There was somethin' to admire, now, in Tedcly Royce's Jaikes. The boys were all a-talkin' about what had been done, and who they had seen, but I knew this that Teddy's doin' of that 'ere part wants a lot of rabbin' out. Take my word for it. That lass, Clara Cowper, was real nice and sympathetic and pathetic and Denver's Wife, but she don't dress to please my fancy. Emery bustles about with some' effect, and Stevenson is-aye, well, he'll never be anything else but Stevenson hard rand mechanical. Calvert's all there as The Detective, and the others get along smoothly enough. Gordon's to -the fore with some scenery of a characteristically, artistic and picturesque kind, and he ought to get more kudos for it. than he' oes. But this is a darned, unsympathetic world, this is Jack. Don't fancy "Silver King" will Jiang out 8oin< :pnt „p Pity that 'ere covie Clyndsgot so " off. coloi\" don't call at the Royal treasury of a Monday any more Top of Little Collins Street 'e prefers. Won't do. Warner's a rehearsin'busy at the Priiicess'. " Drink' is 'is piece just now, and 'es to 'ave young x>jcj. Stewart, Frank Stepheiison, Alf. Phillips, B. N. Jones and 'Grade-in the cast. They open at Sandhurst, then do Ballarat, and afterwards go to New Zealand. What houses Jennie Lee is 'avin' at the Priiicess' to be sure. The " Grasshopper" jumps about lively, and "Jack in .the Box" will pop; up serenely by and by There's a lot of chummie " darts " in that, I tells ye. " East Lynne " is pullin' 'em in at the Alexandra but Lily ain't my beau ideal of Lady Carlyle. ' ' Ham let's" to come to the front next. Aladdin's", a-goin' to be the Royal ' pantomime with Jennie Lee as the' kid as spouts the wonderful lamp.' ' ; ; - 7 ' .v.: - ' . ' . 'Ere as 'ow Miln opens at the Opera 'Ouse middle of next month in " Othello. " Nice business that between Silbon and; Jamie Mac Mahon. Don't want to say a word,' altho' father was a-tellin' us both sides of the' story. Jamie got a bad an' unnecessary liammerin' and now 'e's goiu' for Silbon for £3000. Johnnie Gourlay and the Cogills are doin' good biz. at the St. George's. . They cliange' from "'Skipped" to " The Brook " to-night. ' The Silbon-Stirk show goes merrily, and will be succeeded by Johnnie Sheridan in " Fun on the Bristol." - The Royal Museum is a boom, and the Cyclorama draws like a mustard plaster, Hiscocks' new variety people headed by "Jolly Nash" open at St. George's on Saturday, and Snazelle will be seen at the Atlieiueum on the same night. Father says as 'ow the Princess' Club 'ad' ap 'igh ole time of it 011 Saturday.' ' . ' 