. NORTH ROCKHAMPTON. (froji our own correspondent, Modern society, even in North Raukhamp- ton, is spectral, but of all the ghosts that in timidates its votaries, Madam Grundy is tho reigning, queen. Sho rules with . a rod of iron, and . what sho says is inoro dreaded by her anbjocts than the edicts of icings and legis latures. Tho highest ambition of tens of thousands is to bask in hov smiles, and bo the recipients of her favors. Those who aro wise will pay lint little, if any, attention to Madam Grundy. Sho is a wily old lady, and keeps many from doing good things boeauso thoy aro afraid of hoing " talked about." Madam Grundy makes tho maintenance of appearances mandatory. The suody coat, last year's bonnet, tho garment, out in the stylo of tlio various soasons, tho samp dress worn on several important oc casions, an economising disposition — nil theso things aro frownod down by Madam Grundy. Whon the wife nnd mother whoso husband's income iB limited is a 'disciple' of this samo madam, nu unhappy home is tlio result. The struggle to keep up appearances is apalling.. -Tho credit of tho family is filially exhausted after storekeepeis, tailors, dross- makers, butchers, and sundry othor trades men, liavo sustained losses when ail economy suggests itself, the frightful question ivhilt will Madam Grundy say ?" repels its entertainment. Woman's noblest duties aro almost entirely neglected, and tlio children 'aro iuoeulateil with false and frivolous notions of life, de.coption and dishonestly and unhappinoss dominate tbo house. In many eases tho indnlgont father, if morally weak, and the opportunities |at liuud, is driven to - practices' .which may bo udiled shady, if not worse', and. nil for what?' It is tho . fear ot- what this. ,iui-i palpublo, ghost of tho imagination, Mndnuio- Griutdy, may say if appearances aro not! sustained. The fashionable woman without .wpalth thinks, sho will bo , n nobody if.she' 'loses liur ; social. ' rqpk;' '.'what' a fearful: i.rico she , pays for it, and how humiliating' ..is' ,-tho flunl collapso P Fortunate is . .the hoiiio froo fromj the social tyranny oxefoised'i by Madame Grundy, and whon " appearances '. iird secondary to tlio substantial: comforts and obligations , of life.; Extravagance is ii besetting sin in. maiiy households, and , it baiiishes tho swootuoss and. sorenity and security which should bo oxpeVioneud at tlio family table. Madam Grundy's power, so rfeiii-fiil to ; those wearing tho bonds of sorvitudo, -disappears, whon resisted.' Hof shackles aro galling, but they oiin always bp broken by tho bxoroisu of moral bourago, The Gogiumo Board meeting xn-Oserits'. us ' this week with four nnd a half columns of -close, vending matter, but a vory.fow slicks will hold all tliat.npportainB to North Kock- haiuptou,. Mr, |Pati-iok .M'Grath's . stylo, of- ,arittunptie,!.in connection with the Lakes Croak road contract, .wilT cost' him a trifle, of £30. He will find the "rulo of three" is superior to the " rulo of thumb." Ovei-soar Glare and-liis. gang lntvo beoti '.employed' on the ropd, .betiy.eon our borough aiid .the old Dairy, Inn. . Therb inay now bbaohaneo of a fairly safe drive down to the bid lialf-way house.,:' The reserve for tho Board's office, in, North. Ifoekhampton in not gazetted at yet,., so that it will bo some time before', wo haye, this :augU3t body grinding out; four and it half coluinns por month on the North side. j giJTlie inikes Creek Works turned pub 3o0 tons of frozen nieat for tho Ba'yloy. ' Tho Licensing Boiieh had only one North, side ease to deal - with this, month— hainoly, ' the transfer pf tho Kalka Hotel from, G. B. y/ilkinson to L. W. J. Wolff. There is one other transfer We aro.niost anxious to lioitr about. It is a case where wo can hardly got from had to. worse. . . Tlio iiuportant.cilj/ of Cawafral has a new iinnil table, whicli is ljuis.: — Her Majesty will now seud tJioau impoi-taut mails from Koekhnuipton on Wednesday and Saturday,' at 10 a.m. ; and fipm Cnwqrral on Monday and Tliursday, at 2 xi.iii. ' . What offers for a mail service' Yeppoqn via Kaspberry Crook, and pno to include J.'iuo Mountain Station. Solid in your' bids to tho l'ostmustcr-Goncral hbforo January' 1, 1890. ... ' .' 1 The Itav. J. Costlohow, of the Priinitivo Methodist Church, on tho Yaamba-road, is proving a good friend to the poor, ' out-of- work" kanakas.' It is a miserable state of things that those poaeoablo, hard-working niggers Miat, aw, brought here should ho pro?, vented from earning an honest living, and; tho vile Chinamau nlluwud to run' his "opium don," grow his disease-tainted cab- bagco, and annoy doccnt citizens with bib filthy mode of living without let or hind-' ranee. A very groat troat is in store for those who may bo lucky enough to get a seat in the Council Chambers on Tuesday ovening, tho 13f.L inst., to hear Canon Brownvigg'sleotiiro ou " Tho Sea. nid its Wonders " (with colored illustrations). Tho subject is a most in teresting one, and it is siiro to bo woll handled. 'The admission is trifling, and all intend going may depend ou spending a very pleasaut and instructive evening, and thoy will help a good object, viz., tlio Church Building Fund. North side shareholders in tlio C.Q. Co operative Bakery Society, plonso note that tho quarterly meeting of shareholders will bo held at tho council chambers, Bolsovor- stroofc, on Wednesday, 1-itli iust. at 8 p.m. — Boll up. For three months wo aro to be froo from ouo of the north side abominations. Tho chief engineer of tho disroxiutablb house in tlio Yanmbn-roud is put away for that time. The agents, who let the house to women of tho Mary Woods class ought to bo ashamed, of thcuisclvos. i should like to givo them a month noxt door to tho den. "North Eockhnhiptbii, August 10, .1889, 