JENNY HAELOWE.* BY \V. CLABK. RUSSELL. Chapter I. I had felt poorly and low for some time. Nobody could say what was the matter with me, but no doubt my " general tone," aa the doctors term it, had been depressed to a greater degree than I won conscious of by first of all the anxieties of a tedious lawsuit, and next by the death of my dear mother, whose only son I was, and with whom I had lived without a duty's separation since the death of my father ten years previously. I emptied many bottles of tonic, but to no purpose; I passed some weeks at the sea side ; went on a holiday tour through France and Switzerland, for I was an idle man, with means sufficient to enable me to do as I pleased and to go where I chose; but nothing came of my search after health; my spirits continued low, and the feeling of poorlineaa remained with me. At last one day the old doctor who had attended my father and mother throughout their married lile advised me to go a voyage round the world. "Your little excursions," said he, "are of no use. la my opinion yoa want at least a year of ocean life. In a voyage round the world you are perpetually shifting the tem perature, you are incessantly breathing winds which blow from all quarters of the globe ; yon are carried into a totally new sphere of life, where everything is fresh and stirring, where every condition of shore existence wears a totally new face. My advice to yon then, Christopher, is to take ship and sail away." I turned the matter over, and presently found a sort of liking for the scheme. There was nothing to keep me at home; I had long desired to have a look round the globe, and I bad now (he very best excuse that could be imagined for humouring the wish. To what part of the eartb should I proceed ? I wrote to a friend who had been a merchant sailor for some years and then betaken himself to fanning, and asked his advice. He recom mended a trip to Australia and back. "TheIndian voyage is too hot," said be, "for a man in quest of health, and who, I take it, wants his nerves screwed up till they are in tune and fit for life to jmake pleasant music upon. If you go to ludia you twice penetrate the boiling parallels of the Equator on your way there, and you risk the sicken ing stagnation of the Bay of Bengal; but the Australian trip gives you all the climates which are good for you. My advice is, take ship to Sydney or Melbourne." India was more to my liking than Aus tralia ; there was something of real romance in the fancy of a voyage to the distant de lightful provinces of the sun, with their sparkling pageantries of nature and their glorious palatial cities; but the recommenda tion of my friend prevailed, and forthwith I went to work to hear of a Bhip proceeding at a convenient date to an Australian port What I am about to tell happened in the year 1848. Among the vessels named in the shipping lists of tne day as bound to Sydney, New Bontb Wates, was a craft of seven hun dred tons, called the Lady Charlotte. Her date suited me the best of all the others con * The riobtof pabUchiog tbta work has baan par Chased by the proprietors pt " Zho AuitnUaiM." t&ined; in the list, and I chose her for that and lor no other reason. I culled upon die owner in Fenchnrch street, who told_ me that the Lady Charlotte n.^ advertised as a passenger vessel! that if I looked at the advertisement again i would see that it referred to ?ler wholly as loading a freight tor such and such a port; hat as there were one or two apace cabins aft, I was wel come to sail in her at a moderate charge, though I should certainly be the only passen ger on board, and mast therefore not expect the sort of table that was provided by the liners. The very condition of my health made me seem to find something agreeable in the prospect oi Buoh privacy, I may say, of such isolation, as was here offered. I accepted the offer of the owner to view the vessel at once, and proceeded to the West India Dock in company with a clerk. I knew nothing whatever about the sea, and to me, savins'in the matter of paintwork, one ship seemed uncommonly like another. I took notice, however, that the Lady Charlotte Beemed a new and a very clean vessel, her dccks more like a yacht's than a merchant ?an,?? ^9r fittings with a hint almost of: dandification in a ccrfain elaborate elegance of fini-sh. As we approached, the clerk called my attention to the hull, and told me Bhe was what is termed a clipper. Certainly she was very sharp about the bows, with yellow sheathing that came high to her milk-white sides, along which ran a thin yellow line. 1 entered her cabin, and found a small, plain in terior; cumfortable,and with a sea wardly sub stantiality about the look of the bulwarks and fittings. The captain's berth was rixht aft, and occupied the breadth of the ship. Just forward of the living-room, as I may call it, were four small cabins, two on either aide, each lighted by a kind ot bull's-eye scuttle in the side. Those on the port side were vacant; they were alike in size, and I chose the aft most one. The brace abreast were respec tively occupied by the first and second mates. A fortnight later I joined the ship at Graveaend. The excitement raised in me by tbe prospect of a long voyage, coupled with the hurry and business of preparing for my departure, which took me away from think ing ot myself, had already done me good, and when I stepped on board I already seemed to feel stronger, as though there was a virtue in the very deck3 of the shiD that penetrated _the system with a quality of life and of heal ing. 1 was much charmed with the truly dainty picture the vessel made as she lay straining lightly at her cable upon the silver surface of the river that was flowing softly from London to the sea. The white and gold of her side struck the reflection of a delicate marble-like form into the white gleam in which she rested motionless as though in an expanse of quicksilver. The still yet flowing waters gave back the image of her spars and rigjing with a streak of red at the inverted peak and a sparkle as of gold deep down where the gilded vaneat themainroyal masthead formed a mirror of itself. The captain's name was William Christian; he was a little man, of a dry and comical cast of countenance. His lips continuously lay apart in ari odd sort of twist that was iunny though mirthless, as though the skin lay too taut upon him to keep his mouth shut. A semi-circle of white beard, soft as smoke, went rolling, as it were, under his chin from ear to ear. He had broken his nose when a youth, which heightened considerably the effect upon the beholder of an eager, ner vous twinkling of bis left eye that came very near to a constant winking. He was a short man, with a broken deep-sea voice, and, spite ot his odd face, of an aspect so kindly and warm-hearted that I felt a liking for him the moment he grasped me by the hand and made me welcome on board. The chief mate, on the other band, Mr. Marling, was a tall, melancholy man, with a heavy black beard, and an expression of countenance that in repose was curiously despairful He had but little of the appear ance oi a sailor, but bappiiy the traditional, grog-blossomed, purple-nosed, Btained-eyed tace of a mariner is by no means a condition of sea-going qualities. No sooner was the order given ior the ship to get underway, than Mr. Marling showed himself in his true character. His expression of despair vanished, his voice rose iuto hurricane po ver as he encouraged the men to heave at ihe windlass, his cries filled the ship as Bail was made, cloth by cloth the canvas whitened the yards, mounted the stays, and arched like the pinions of sea-birds from the bowsprit and jibbooms, until the Lady Charlotte, in the keen, brilliant sunshine of the afternoon, showed as a symmetrical surface of snow, with something of the iridescence of foam in her glittering complexion from the line of gold upon her milk-white aides to where the little royals rounded, yearning from under the shining buttons of her trucks. 1 was fairly under way at lost, and it was with a heart full of mingled emotions that 1 stood surveying the shores of the widening river sliding softly past on either quarter into the delicate films and blobs which will make one start at times, as though one were look ing at the receding land through tears. It was all fine weather and pleasant sailing until we got to the back of the Goodwin Sands, when it came on to blow a freeh south-easterly breeze, which reefed our canvas for UP, and set the little clipper dancing wildly with her yards braced fore and aft. I bad held up stoutly throughout the night, and at daybreak next morning made shift to crawl np on deck and take a look round me, and but for my nausea I believe I should have considered the scene as fine an ocean piece as the world could pro duce; an angry Channel sea running in short, green, foaming billows; a very jumble of olive-coloured horizon leaping and dis solving against a hard, piebald sky, out of which to windward there blew a constant scattering of scud-like vapours, as though the gale were bringing up the smoke of a city of factories hidden tar behind the tumbling line. Here a smack with brown sail running with froth to the hawse-pipe, now rising as it were to the very sight of her keel, then sinking till the letters of her canvas were out of sight: there an old collier gallantly breasting the surge, with apple bow washing through it with wild yawings of her jibboora, her narrow bands of canvas dark as indigo against the sky, and frequent leapincs of steam~like bursts ot eprny soaring to the blows and plunginga of her wet, black, gleaming bow. The Lady Cheriotte was thrashing through it handsomely. I could easily imagine how airy and graceful would be the beauty of the sight she made to one beholding her from a little distance as her marble-white form rose to the creaming peak, roddily veining it with the yellow sheathing as though a sunbeam were sparkling in the heart of the seething yeast. She looked up," as the term is. like a racing yacht, and the wake astern of her ran away into the windy distance straight as a chalked line. The sailors sprawled about the wet decks in streaming oilskins. Mt. Jan&en;, the second mate, a Scandinavian with singer-coloured hair trembling to the wind under the brim of faialr W-wft8tcr, held to the weather backstay, keeping a bright lookout. I lamented the nausea that prevented me from catering into the fail spirit of this roaring, humming, aeeth< ing, flying picture ot ocean life. Bat sick« oess proved too strong for me. I returned to my cabin, and roiling into toy bunkagain, lay there foe tbie next two days motionless and almost speechless, attended bj the cap tain's servant, and often by the captain him* self. However, I had recovered and grown fairly sea-proof before we were clear of the Channel 1 arrived on deck fnll of misgivings, and holding on stubbornly as I moved, ana toand the "Lady Charlotte" sweeping before a strong breeze on the quarter, flinging the spray from either bow in glittering masses, and curtsying with long-drawn gestures over a tali following sea that swept to the counter and nnaer-ran (he buzzing craft in folds of brilliant bine water, on which rase and fell an exquisite lace-work of froth, beautified by foam bells and radiant with the flashings of expiring bubbles. The rushing air made me feel a new man. When I had descended to the cabin I carried with me as hearty an appetite as any of the Jacks forward could have taken with them to a meal in the forecastle. The dinner con sisted of a round of boiled beef, hearty puddings Bpotted with currants almost out or hail of one another, a dish ot potatoef smoking in their jackets, biscuits, and soft bread and bottled beer. From the mere contemplation of such a repast as this I should a few hours betnre have shrank with horror. Yet now I ate with the avidity of a shipwrecked man. I do not know that I ever before in mv life made so hearty a meal. The captain, wife hia confidential wink and his slewed nose, eyed me with an expression of encouragement and. admiration. "There's no better sheathing than salt beef, Mr. Furlong," eaid be, "to keep out sea-sickness. Some recommend the sufferer to wrap himaelf np in beefsteaks. I have nothing to say sgainst beefsteaks, especially wben they're accompanied with onions, but the physic I sign my name under is corned beef. Why is it that sailors give over being nauseated at sea almost as soon as they feel unwell ? 'Cause of tlie junk they eat, Mr. Furlong. The first meal of junk they swallow stiffens them out with a proper sort of nantical sensibilities. Had ye shipped aboard a Llackwall Liner, instead of falling to and driving out all uncomfortable feeling* with salt beef ye'd have been humouring the lady-like feelings with land-going kickshaws, and 'ud been glad to turn in again. No, sir, salt beefs your physic; you're a made man now you've dined in shipshape fashion." And so it seemed: for from that hour I never again suffered from the least qnalras, never knew a moment's uneasiness, whether pitching heavily in a head sea or rolling eickeningly on the long, stagnant, glass-like swell of the feverish, inter-tropic calm. Nevertheless, I had taken care to provide myself with a number of private comforts, which lasted me fairly into the heart of the South Atlantic, and both the captain and myself found them very agreeable relishes to the exceedingly plain fare of the cabin table. I had aUo laid in a good stock of books,along with several packs of cards, a chess-board and the like, for there was little to expect iu that way on board a mere cargo craft. But for a long while I required no better amuse ment than the Btudy of the numberless and beautiful effects of the ocean and of the inner life, as I may call it, of the queer little floating world in which I had launched my self and broken adrift from all ties of civilisa tion and shore-going troubles and diversions. Of the sea I had hitherto known nothing. Feeble glimpses of it I had indeed obtained in crossing the Channel or in surveying it from the white heights of the Bristol sea board, but ot everything that makes it fascinating beyond all imaginations of the various splendour and rich variety of the substantial earth, I was as ignorant as a child ; that is to say I had read of its beauty, its majeBty, and so forth in books from which I hud arisen without receiving so much as a single impression. From the quarter-deck of the little, milk white "Lady Charlotte " I had the mighty truth lying round about me. 1 beheld it in the scarlet sunset, when the mountainous ocean billows ran blood-red to the incandescent limb of the Binking luminary, in the melan choly grey of dawn brightening into an incomparable loveliness of pearl and silver and azure, in the leap of the flying ball of greenish golden moon from one speeding wing of vapour to another, with a lagoon of dark and liquid blue between, out of which would fall the flashing javelins of the nlanet, making molten ivory of the melting crests of the surf, and streaming a fan-shaped, throbbing wake of star- coloured sp'>endour trom the remotest rim of the deep to the white sides of the " Lady Charlotte," in which there would be kindled tor a breath a hundred constellations. No need to enlarge the oceanic catalogue. Every day brought its change, and out ot its change there came to me an impulse and a spirit of itB own. Captain Christian would sometimes rally me on my long and seemingly aimless starings at what seemed to him the familiar line of the horizon, or the equally familiar floating lift of the brine alongside, or at a heaven of shifting shadows and lights long since rendered commonplace to an ere that sought it only lor indications of weather, and mainly for prosperoas winds. The long mate with his black beard and despairful face would wonder at me, too, and once, having charge of the deck, and the captain being below, stepped up to my side, and asked me, in a subdued hurricane note, softened yet by respect and good nature, what I could aee out yonder there to keep me .taring so patiently. " Why," said I, the truth is, Mr. Marling; I am tike a big boy let loose in an ocean that to him, at atl events, is full of enchantments. I am all eyes, and ears, and enjoyment of this life of yours." " It's setting up your riggings afresh for you anyhow, sir," said he. " Ay," I answered, " young as I am twenty-nine last birthday, Mr. Marling-I feel to be growing younger every day." " A good sign, sir. When a man ails and he doesn't know why," he had heard me tell of my health to the captain at table," there's naught left in the wide world that's good for him but salt wind. Salt wind aB a man gets it out here; too far off for the smell of the cooking of a city, and further off than the smoke of London will stretch if the drawings of all its chimneys was laid up into a four stranded cable. Yes. Lord bless me, a man wants the eyes of a ghost-Beer to keep him finding out objects of admiration in this here," he soberly and slowly turned his face round the sea, "if it isu't a ship on fire, which is a striking sight I allow, or the fall of a meteor nigh as big as the moon. Mr. Ftirlong, sir, luck)' for you you aren't a sailor, for if ye «vert you'd find nothing to look at upon the ocean, the wide world over, that wouldn't make you wish for as much dry land 'twixt you and it as stretches from Cape Horn to Labrador." No doubt both Captain Christian and Mr. Marling, and for the matter of that, the second mate too, a red-headed man with a face like a sheep, owing to his eyes being aet well back agaiuit his ears, 4&oghed;*t cat im their sleeve as a sentimentalist, and maybe I folly deserved their secret ridicule. I had Been little of the world, and as the only child of a woman who had been left comfortably well-to-do by her husband, 1 was without a calling and knew nothing of the struggle of life. My character had been rendered some what nerveless and soft by years of steadfast homekeeping, and it was still coloured with much of that warm, romantic complexion which in most cases fades out upon the mind of ingenuous youth after it has left school a few months. However, my disposition was of a kind to enable me to enjoy the voyage, and in the mere discipline of theehipl found a hundred things to admire, to wonder at, and to watch with unwearied interest The clewing up and furling of light sails to a passing squall, the Betting of canvas afresh as the windward sun flashed op the crystal line smoke of the sweeping shower storming alone black into the leeward distance; the thrilline, and trumpeting, and vibrating, resonant roaring of the rising gale; the eager, piercing Btrains from the boatswain's pipe ; the wild, hoarse shouts of the mates; the giddy leaping aloft of the Beamen, and the posture of the forms ae they overhung the moving yards, rolling up the canvas or tying (he reef-points, with a figure jockeying either yard-arm-distant, yet clearly defined agiinst the whirling soot of the revolving heavens. These, and a score of like sights and scenes, Bupplied me with abundant entertainment, and, liberally as 1 had furnished myself with books, I do not know that I had read as nrach as a single volume of tbem all even by the time when we had run out of the north east trades, and our sailors with dripping brows and bare moBsy breasts were box hauling the yards about to catch every light catepaw that tarnished the glassy Burface of the equinoctial waters. It had been a quiet, hot day since dawn. Our latitude I do not remember, but we were Booth of the Equator, and the captain talked presently of falling in with the south-east trade wind anon. There was a long, light swell running from the westward, with the lifted brows of it just wrinkled by a hot air of wind which held our canvas steady. Lines of fire in ripples delicate as pianoforte wire broke from our clipper's stern, and came threading to the counter, where they met, floating and melting into short, oil-smooth surface of wake, at the extremity of which there had been hxnging with sickening patience ever since daylight had broken out of the east, the leaning, scyihe- like dorsal fin of a shark, with a misty flash in the wet. black leather of it at times, :is though it was Borne bitr beer-bottle in tow of us. this was dull work, and 1 will own to feeling the oppression of it. The ocean had submitted the same scene for days, and though I bad benefited in health too magic ally by the voyage to be te iaible of any de pression and monotony, yet fhe weariness of miles of sluegish folds sulkily shouldering their way from west to east, the wearisome clock-like dip of the ship's sides, (he pen dulum reel of bcr spars, and the ceaseless, tiresome noise of gear chafing in blocks, of Straining parrels and trusses, of bulkheads groanine to the tension of the keel, of the drowsy sobbing of water along the bends, were beginning to tell upon me. There was nothing to look at; no rich or nimble cloud pictures ; no headlong rush of surge volley ing itB snow in exhausted pursuit of us ; no vision of passing ship, making the melan choly horizon on a sudden as vital with human interest as a line of ccast The sea spread dimly into blue distance; the cream coloured brow of a cloud would show only to faint out upon the swiuiuiing brassy dazzle like a wreath of steam. "This gives 'eea proper taste of the tea life, Mr. Furlong," said the tall mate to me. "It's hereabouts where Bentiment leaks out ot the pores of Bailors' skinB like their per spiration, and (hey uever get it back again. Tell ye what, sir, the cloud effect that would now beBt take your eye, I allow, would be a black body of vapour right astern, with a swinging breeze of wind inside ot it." " flight I" I answered. "A succession of calms with baffling light aire, is like an attack of low spirits. I no longer search the horizon and the sky, Mr. Marling for the atmospheric tapestries which delighted me in the North Atlantic, but tor some little hole in the blue out of which a favourable wind may blow." " Anyhow," he exclaimed, taking a long Btep to the side, and throwing a glance over board and then aloft, " we're crawling through it, with our head the right way too, and that's better than standing still for three blessed weeks, as has been my lot in these very parts, with your bowsprit and jibbooms winding around like a corkscrew, and the pitch 'twixt the Beams like soft soap, and the cockroaches below aB full of life as rate at midnight What a life it is to be sure! how clever a man is to adopt it! Think of passing one's lite in walking np and down the decks for four hours, then taming in and Bleeping fur four hours, then roosing Dp afresh and walking again tor another four 1 boars, and BO on till yoar brains grow as hard in your head as the inside of an egg that's over-boiled." He strode again to the side, expectorated with a face of despair and an air of loathing, and marched aft to the wheel. 