VANISH ED EMIN'T?NCE:S. (From the DailU News.) "LET us sit upon this ground and tell sad stories of the deathl of kings," says one of Sialakspeare's charactors. The invitation is appropriate to the day, though inot so appro priate as in the time of Richard II. Though monarchs lhave suffered violoen? doeaths ipose thou, it 1has iot been the rule tliat they should bdleposed' or'" slain' in war," or " haunted by the ghosts they have deposed," or " poisoned by their wives, some sleeping killed, all murdered." As for royal suicide, it has in recent times become comparatively rare, A savage monarels whom we worsted at IMagdala blow out his brains in the agony of his misfortune. In this respect King Theodore unconsciously displayed the spirit of Frederick the Great, who carried about with him in the Seven Years' War a pill which would, if necessary, justify his boast that he would never be taken alive. His luck, however, was better than that of the ill-fated King of Abyssinia. Nearly two years ago the King of Bavaria voluntarily sought oblivion in the ake of Starnborg. Of his inutanity there was even less doubt thlan'there has been of that of other princes who have trifled with lives that were not their own. Prince Rudolph's death by his own hand is as mysterious as it is neces sarily sudden. It has been obsoeved by Buckle and others thI? military men commit suicide oftener thin other classes. Certainly there has been no little suicide among continental officers lately. That int the cold law of averages a royal victim should be counted in would probably not have surprised the author of thie o story of Oivilisation?, The sensation of shook that has unques tionably beeoon caused by the Archduke's death is, of course, due in great degree to the eminient position he filled. His was necessarily a conspicuous figure, since, apart from any individuality of its own, it was that of the heir-apparent to the Austrian throne. When such men so suddenly dis appear it is as if the familiar features of some landscape had been obliterated hy volcanic agency. They are vanished omin ences. Our awe at their precipitous dis appearance is partly due to that, and partly to our helpless speculations as to what may be the consequences, or as to what other alterations in the earth's surface will sur prise us next. We have had many sutli surprises lately. Although the0 FImperor Frederick's death from eshcer so soon after his fiutho. died 'wase in the end quite anstioi pated, the first revelation of tihe prospect of tha!t death was distinctly one of thosoo ur pries. More alin to thie evoet of this week iwas thie Plriice Imperial's death, not in the nature of its violence, of courseno, but in the facts that lhe did die by violence, and that the news came upon everybody with appalling suddenness, and that in him were centrod the hopes of a dynasty. That event again recalls the doath, by a fall from his carringo, of Louis Philippe's son, the Duke of Orleans, in 1842. Though, unlike those two princes, the Duke of Albany was neither heir nor pretender, hIis death also produced by its suddenness the same peculiar sensation or lsock, intensitied in this country by the nearness of his relation ship to our Queen, and by thie respect and confidoence he had inspired in the people by his well spent lifo. Hardly less sudden than in all these cases was the blank caused by the death of the Prince Consort. It may therefore be mentioned among the painful surprises which in our times death hals sprung upon us. The Princess Alico's death rankls with all of these in tragic interest and above most of them in pathos. Napoleon tie Third's disappearance from the map of Europe practically occurred at Sedan. That surrender took away the breath perhaps more than any event which can be recalled in modern reminiscence. His death, as has been somewhere said, was after this but an anti-climax. The sad fate in Mexico of Prince Rudolph's uncle, the Emperor Maximilinu, is linked in association with the unfortunate NNapoleonic name. Of modern asosssinations none equals in daring and horror, or in its paralysing effect upon thle civilised worll, the murder of the Czar Alexander II. If the sudden vanishing of eminence due to rank be impressive, as is well proved by the public reception of the events in our times above recalled, it is certainly no less startling when men eminent by their own inmerits are removed at a blow. Thie names of two Presidents of the United States who have succumbed to the violence of the assassin within the memory of the present generation will at once leap to the reader's mind, as well as that of our own Indian Viceroy, Lord Mayo, and of that brave English general the hero of Lucknow, who though he did not die by the assassin's hand, was also as suddenly lost to hirs country. Sir Robort Peel's death was like those to which we have referred in tile sense of sudden void which is created; and in this country at least the fate which in a similar way overtook Bishop Wilberfore made a profound sensation. These are some of the conspicuous figures suddenly removed in recent times. Others will occur to the memory of individual readers. If we include among our vanished eminences all who have had the eyes of the world turned for the moment upon them, the name of Lord Frederickl: Cvendish will not be forgotten. His violent end made thei public hold their breath as muchl as any of the sad events here recorded. Nor can it ever be forgotten in tile lives of tile present generation, hiow the world in thrilling suspense awaited the issue of that wonderful Nile expedition, which came within touch of Khartoum only to hear of the noble death of the gallant hero Gorden. 