Turt Notes. [By 'Hipparion.'] W. Armstrong arrived in lowu last week overland from Casino, with Ajax, Leinster, Hunlight (half brother to Sirius) Exile, and a hurdle borse. Mikado, by Marvellous— Wild Wave, and full brother therefore to Ellington, recently purchased for Queensland (Bris bane), landed from Sydney on Sunday, and bas gone up to The Grange. Tbis borse won a couple of races at RaDd wick the week before last, and is a fair handi cap horse ; bis victories were achieved under light weights, Sdt. 51b. in tbe Welter, and 7st. in the Squatters' Handi cap. The Richmond and Clarence horses Florrie, Viper, and Annette, are expected over daily, and will probably remaiu till after Tattersall's meeting iu December. W. Mooney and A. Bar ring ton re turned from Sydney last week. The latter tells me tbat it was a toss up with Tbe Tyler's owner whether tbe boree should come to Brisbane or go to Caul - field, and that at tbe last minute tbe choice was made in favor of Caulfleld. Tbe Tyler appears In tbe Queensland Racing Calendar among the Derby entries of 1889, as tbe uuuamcd gelding by Grandmaster, out of Rose of Kent, bred and entered by Mr. C. Baldwin. It is rather a pity be did not put in au ap pearance, as be would bave added lo tbe iiitereBt in both Derby and Cup, at tbe comlDg Q.T.C. meeting. Whether be is good enough to put down our prominent Derby colts (if he comeB up), is an open question. Tbat he has some form Ib proved by bis win In tbe Trial Stakes at Randwlck last month, and by Ills for ward position at tbe finish of tbe Metro politan, hut tbe Queensland Derby winner of 1889 must be an exceptionally good colt, for Grandcbester, FerniiLdo, King Olaf, Stamboul, My Blue Bell, and Rose of Drayton bave proved themselves raoeborses, and tbe best, of them will cer tainly deserve bis or ber w.f.a. in tbe Queeneland Cup. It will be remembered tbat George Williams'— Jim's brother— mare, Orange Bud, won the Hunt Club Handicap on Saturday week at Eagle Farm very easily, and tbat Dan Tribey's Laurel II rsn second. Some time— two days, I think— afterwards Din discovered tbat Orange Bud did not carry the penalty, 7lbs., incurred by her victory at HelidoD the previous Wednesday, aud, after the stakes had tieen paid over to George Wil liams, lodged an objection against de claring tbe mare the winner, wltb a de mand for tbe stakes for Laurel II. as the objection was not made before tbe cloBe of tbe meetiug, tbe stewards de clined to entertain it, but inflicted tbe full penalty— £10 fine— upon Geo. Wil liams for neglecting to declare biB penalty on weighing out. The puniBbment would bave been more condign had Wil liams been fined to tbe value of tbe stake won by Orange Bud, but tbe stewards, of course, had no power to go so high. Tbe racehorse, Silver King, has been added to tbe list, and of course will Dot st#rt for tbe J)erby next month. We have bad pony and trotting raceB galore at BreakfaBt Creek lately, aDd are likely to bave more, but results are of no general interest, and I will not bore you with tbern beyoud noting tbat the Syd ney trotting mare L. Jennie, beat Wanaka and Qarryowen. in the » mile class trot, oyer a three mlie course ( j mile laps), winning comfortably, In 8miu. 84} sees., or each mile at a 2 min. 51 sees; gait; good going round eottbort a tap. There will be .plepty of minor racing between now and the Q.T.O. meeting, the first gathering being at Qavt-m on tbe 2|th, then follows gandgate on the 2f)tb, and Esk on November 1st. Tbe latter takes tbe caike as far as entries go; ahd If tbe handicaps are well done tbe nSeetlng will be a great sucoess. I bear that Mr. C. J, Harris will run his total I sat or tbere, also at Gatton and Sandgate. Tbere is a good betting market already on the Queensland Turf Doubles— Derby and Cup. and Ci*p aqtj Handicap. Tbe Derby and Gup double is quit4 a new featflre in QueeDBland, and tbe introduc tion of Ejetby quotations |b due to tbe rape for the blue ribbon being ran tbe day before tbe Cup, an arrangement only possible since the Q T.C.|extended their Spring meeting over three days. The favourite doubles for the D^-rhy and Cup are still as they were last week : — Grand- Chester, coupled with Grandcbester, Theorist, Yabba, Honest Ned, at hun dreds to two, while the above three Cup horseB have been taken iu combination witb King Olaf, Stamboul, and more frequently with Fernando. Eugene Monahan, oil hlB way hack from Sydney to Charters Towers, called at the Q.T.C. office and struck Marvel, 'i years, out of tbe Queensland Cup und Saodgate Handicap. Tbe colt would have come up, but bb be wbb disqualified by tbe A.J.C. at tbe time of nominating for Queensland, the question of his en trance being valid and legul would he sure to arise If he won, and it whs thought better to leave bim in Sydney and avoid complications. L. Drouyn, tbe owner of Abacus and PbantaBDS, haB a very useful third string In tbe neat little plater, Bowler, who has won a lot of races, aud, tbougb of inferior clans perhaps to either of bis stahli com panions, has probably won L. D. more money than the two put together. , Bowler comes of an obscure family, but few horses of any raciug ability run i claim descent from a sire bought so cheaply sb bis. Binjaroo, the sire in , question, was nrieinally bought out of a ' pound-yard for tbe sum of 5s., when u yearling. Besides Bowler, be bas got i Meteor and Matchlock, both winners. Brigbtwell, the jockey, who sued Dr. Frost to recover Ills fee for riding Jack ' Roarty at tbe Towers, was non suited, having foolishly brought bis action und: r the Mastew' and Servants' Act. At a suburban race meeting tbeoih r day tbe five events set down for decision were tbe Courier Plate, tbe Observer stages, uie leiegrapu naunn-itp. ine Boomerang Purse, ajd tlie Figaro Flutter. Tbey beat tbis at Newcnul', the events got up for tne benefit of the local hospital being named as under Sick and Needy Handicap, 20 sovs. ; Mercy Disposal Stakes, 20 sovs ; Hos pital Handicap, 50 sovs. ; Good Samaritan Handicap, 20 sovs. ; Convalescent Plate, and Charity Selling Race. Sir TbomaB Elder's imported horse Nautilus, by Hermit— Barchettina, has arrived Bafely at Morphetville, near Ade laide. Nautilus is tbe first sod of Hermit to land in Australia. A lot of high class marAs (5) came out witb him, also bouud for Moiphetville. Weights for tbe Q.T.C Handicaps are due ou Tuesday next, 15th, and the general entry for the spring meeting closes on Tuesday week. 22od, wben fourteen races must be nominated for. On the same day, 22nd, half forfeits are due for the Derby, and Hopeful Stakes, and owners who don't iutend to start for pjiiier of these races, must scratch and nay half forfeit by 4 p.m. on that day, or they will be liable for tbe whole sweep stakes, £10 each. And yet again on the same day, 22nd, owners must attend to the valuable prizes offered by Tattersall's Club :— Tbe Cup, 600 sovs., wP.h a 100 sovs. trophy ; and Australian Plate, 400 sovs. On or before Tuesday next, 15th, at 4 o'clock, sires must be nominated for the Q.T.C. Sires Produce Stakes of 1893 ; each nomination to be accompanied by a pro. note for £10, payable in April, 1893, to the ordi;r of the Q.T.C. Tbe V.A.T.C. meeting opens on Satur day at Caulfield, when tbe Caulfleld Stakes, the Caulfield Guineas, and the Great Foal Stakes will be decided. The Caulfield Stakes is a T.f.a. race, over 9 furlongs of ground, with -500 bovb. added money, and has secured tbe fol lowing eDtry : — Oakleigh, Bravo, Briton, Scottish Chief, Silverton, Don Giovan, Chicago, Wbakawai, Pakeba, Carbine, Copenhagen, Dunkeld, Chetwyud, Tra dition, Dreadnought, Singapore, Benzon. Richiiieu, Buz, The Wild Oat, The Tyler. It needs no ghost lo come from tbe grave to tell us tbat Carbine is the best of this lot, and must win with a start, or tbat, failing him, the stake seems mortgaged to tbe Hon. James White, but the field may be a strong one numerically for all ' the moral' it now seems for Donald or James, and we might see Silverton, Tradition, Chetwynd, and Chicago out for an airing, as well as some of the tbree-vear- olas — Copenhagen, Dunkeld, Richiiieu, and Tbe Tyler. The field for the Guineas may include the following : — Savanak, Tennyson, Prince Consort, Montalto, Carrington, Flnlander, and Merriment, as well as White's representatives, but T cau see nothing on paper likely lo tower tbe blue and while flag, which may be borne ou oue or more of the following — Dread nought, Singapore, Spice, Siuecure, or Rudolph. The Great Foal Stakes may posBlbly be wou by the, at present, un named chestnut colt, by St. Albans, out of Medea, who, according to tbe goi-sips, is better than Correze (not engaged). The Hurdles, Hunters Cup, and Toorak Handicap, of course, cannot be touched. Romula, dam of Remus, Menolti, ar,d Montalto, died at Morphetville, S.A., the other day, aged 22 years. She wou tbe Champion race 10 years ago ruu that year at LauncestoD, Tasmania, and finished second to The Pearl for tbe Mel bourne Cup. Tbe action of the Gympie stewards, or committee, in- removing tbe disqualifica tion from Meredith, tue jockey, is un accountable, but will be ineffective until the removal is endorsed by the Q.T.C., who will probably want to know the why and wherefore of lifting tbe sentence before erasing Meredith's name from tbe register of disqualifications in tbe calen dar. Eugene Monaban took up witb him |to the Towers a cb.c. brother to Le Grand — Legend's last foal, and another blood horse, Tbe Rookbampton Jockey Club ad vertise a small programme of races for November 9tb. The bill of fare has already been publisbed in tbe Chronicle, Colonist. The added money comes to £350, and tbe principal race is the Birth day Handicap 100 sovs. Entries for all races cIobb on October 23rd, weights tbat day week. 