JBCow the OLiger Kills and Eats. I Ih a paper read before the Bombay I Natural History Society recently, and pub- | lished in its journal, Mr. Invcrarity, a noted I shikari, discussed the habits of the tiger. I and especially tho mode in which it kills 8 and oats its prey. Some think he Beizes by tbo throat others by the nape of the neck from above. Mr. Inverarity has cxaminsd scorns of slain animals with special reference to thiB . point, and in every case but one the throat was seized from below. Tho exception was an old ;boar who had been seized by the back of the neok from above. Ono of a single file of villagers who was once, seized by the nape of the neck by a man eater, but saved by bis^-companions, bad no idea when ho recovered his senses what had happened. Whether dislocation of the neck takes place is doubtful. The tamo hunting leopards always kili by pressure on the windpipe, without break ing the skin ; possibly the tiger kills in the B same way, It is only by accident, if at all, H that tigers in killing Beyer an important | vein or artery, and no blood to speak of E flows from the throaty wounds. Very large and powerful animals like tbo bull, buffalo ! and bison, if attacked at all, are in the first instance attacked from the rear, with a view to disable them. Having killed, the tiger almost invariably begins eating a hind quarter, consuming one or probably both. Sometimes he leaves the stomach and intestines as they are ; sometimes he will remove them to one Bide, making a neat parcel of them. A tiger and a tigress together will finish an ordinary sized animal at one meal, leaving only the \ head. In this case it is probable that the \ second begins at the fore quarter. Animals \ are never eaten where they are killed, but j are always dragged a short distance. They ! are not lifted clear of the ground, but 1 dragged. \ Having gorged himself, the tiger sometimes \ lies close by bis prey, but if it is hot weather \ and there are hills in the neighbourhood, he \ will go a long distance off before resting for 5 the day. He prefers to lie in a cool cave or I in a breeze on the bill side than in the close \ hot jungle, \ , He returns next night and finishes what jj is left, but be never eats a cecond time on the same spot, dragging the remains of the j prey 40 or 60 yards off. Sportsmen coming 9 on a half-devoured animal and desiring to M catch tbe tiger, tie the prey to a tree. The 9 tiger takes aboat two hours' steady eating to I finish tbe fore quarters of a bullock, 3 Mr. Inverarity sat over a small tigress one i night who ate for ten minutes, then went 3 away for twenty, probably to drink, and on i her return ate steadily for two and a quarter I hours. He did not fire, as he could not Bee I her. 1 * Tigers are cannibals ; they will make tbeir 8 meals off eacb other. They are supposed | to kill once in five or six days, and no doubt gj the tiger after a heavy feed does not care to | bunt much for a few days ; but a tiger kills I whenever he can. They have been known | to kill on 14 consecutive nights. ' B ^}Mr. Inverarity believes tbat animals killed H by tigers suffer little beyond tbe panic of a 9 few seconds, xne snocic proauces a stupor ra and dreaminess in which there is no sense of I pain or feeling of terror. Tbe powerful H stroke of the fore paw of the tlgeir is a 9 fiction; he clutches with his claws as one 9 might with tbe fingers, but does not strike a H blow. 9 Tigers wander immense distances at night, g| and, as they like easy going, they go onloads En and paths. They do not like to move dur ing tbe haet of the day, as the hot ground burns their pads and makes them raw v They can on occasion climb trees. In Salsette one climbed after a certain Pandoo, but could not reach him, and re tired. Pandoo, thinking the coast clear, got down and ran toward bome, bnt on the way was caught by tbe tiger and killed. Tbe inquest report Btated that Pandoc died of the tiger eating bim ; there was nc other cause of death. Nothing was left except some fingers, which probably be longed to the right or left hand.' Native! have a belief that the ghosts of the man eater's viotims ride in his head and warn him of danger, or point the way to fresb victims, ? ^ ' 