PRIDE. By THE REV. ALEX. WIIYTE, D.D. ' Out of the heart proceedeth pride.'—Mark vii 21, 22. ' God can tell how to abase us, and can hide pride from man.' (Par. 131, Bunyan's 'Grace Abounding.') Selfishness is the essence of sin, aud pride is the essence of selfishness, Those who have given their lives to the study of these deep and solemn questions all agree that pride is the most sinful of all sins. It was the devil's sin, and it was the sin of Adam and Eve, and brought us all our woe, Dante tells us that pride was his besetting sin, and Richard Baxter, in his ' Reformed Pastor,' says that pride is far worse than either uncleannesa, or drunkenness. Let us look a little at this mother of all our sins, this parent sin the heart of man. ' His mind sw-elleth,' says one of the Hebrew prophets about the proud man,' and is lifted up.' What was a vice in Israel was a virtue in Greece. That shows how much the Gospel had to bring to the best of men. The moral world was turned upside down when it came. - Homer sings, admiring the man who would alwayB be first,who could not endure to be anywhere but in the front, leading the battle, Such was the Homeric idea ; and the greatest teacher outside of revelation tells us that a great man thinds great things of himself. The Greek language does not contain a word to explain the grace of humility. It was Christ who created the grace ; and the Holy Ghost created the nomenclature. He took the most despicable of qualities and glorified it, wrapping it round Himself like a fair and sweet garment, and making it a mark of His service. As Jeremy Taylor says, ' Christ put humility among the Christian virtues,' A man who is small in his own eyes is great in the eyes of the saints. Your moral and social ideas are turned upside down when God turns you into the image of Christ. Another prophet says. ' Seek not great things for thyself ;' and Dean Plumptre, in his delicious Life of Bishop Ken, writes that he rejoiced to find that text woven into his linen and engraved on his plate :— 1 Seekest thou great things for thyself ? Seek them not.' Dante nearly shipwrecked his magnificent talents OH the fatal rock of pride, We nearly lost the ' Divina Commedia ' when Dante asked himself, ' If I go away, who is left ?' as if all the men and women in Florence were offscourings, and in him alone were all the talents—all the good and noble qualities. But God took him to many years of bitter disclipine, sucli as He gives to every saint, to each one his own peculiar discipline. He made him tell us that he saw a city where men were sane and just, where their hearts swelled with love to one another, as they swell here with love to self, and where they were lifted up when they saw a brother honored, as they were cast down here at such a sight. Have you come up here from the disclipine of the day, from the potter's wheel, which has been testing and shaping you without some sense of your proud and ungodly heart 1 Did the 131st •Psalm not half choke you as you sung it through tonight 1 l r ou were ignorant of many things [at home, but your pride would not let you to ask about them. Someone found out your ignorance oE something and told you of it, and your heart yet swells with humiliation. Your heart swelled against your wife, because she would not make herself small enough and sit at feet. Pride sets master against servant, servant against master ; minister againBt elder, elder against minister ; dearest friend against dearest friend. It seeks, to trample its enemy tinder foot, to plant its foot on his head. The pride of the writer shows itself in the flouts gibes coming out of his swelling heart; and he writes his best when talking with scorn and contemptoE those around him. Pride is full of hatred. Dante had two besetting sins, pride and hate—hate to those who did not acknowledge his splendid talents and bow down to him. He was man enough to confess in what bed in hell he would have lain but for the grace of God. But every man will not crouch and cower before the proud heart;, there are some with more self-respect. Haman was the principal minister to the king and rode in the king'e chariot, having every thing mortal heart could wish ; but one would not bow down and worship him, and his hate for Mordecai made liim determined to exterminate a nation. Ah 1 if we got to the bottom of state secrets, they would illustrate faithful preaching, When the secrets of the political world are laid bare, what mis-' erable discoveries there will be 1 Mordecai would not: be a lick-spittle to Haman : there may be a man who' would not be that to you and me, and we hate his wife, our face gets blacTcwhen we meet his boy. Hainan's heart,is not of one kind and yours of another. They are all dismal and jealous, and in need oE Divine grace. Says Richard Baxter, 'We love-the man Vho says as wfesay. We note and say that is a very well .expressed and deep thought to those who are of oxaopinion. Though otherwise poor creatures, vre think them mighty wise men when their thoughts jump with ours.' sometimes hear people pitied because they are depressed in their mind ; ami. •sre feed them with flattery to cheer them, Ham&n;'s wife was a clever woman, she knew how 4 to minister to a .mind diseased.' When he came back fropi drive in the country with his face paler than .before, the physicians wrung their hands over him, but hia wife said, ' Build a gallows fifty cubits high, and pat Mordecai on it.' Yes, yes, wise and clever woman, thou knowest the medicine for a mind diseased; and. soon the wine will flow and the dance and song lie heard in the house of Haman. Can you apply the story to yourselves ? Or is this only an ancient legend taken from the extinct and forgotten history of Persia? Has some wife here not seen her husband come homer with a look on his face like that he wore in the days of his courtship, pleased and happy, all through that gallows fifty cubits high ? ° • Bunyan's case lies in the spiritual world, and its spiritual teaching IB here for God's people who are willing to be taught, ' audience fit. though few.' He was one of the humblest men in England, and that cannot be said of every man who rises from the lowest ranks. Butit is only the humble man who knews what pride is. That is one of the paradoxes of religion as you would know if you were more under it. It vr»s not the kind of pride that is running you and me ami our neighbours ; but it was spiritual conceit. He was proud of his love to Christ. He felt such love in his, heart to the Saviour that he began to build peace and comfort on it ; but God knows how to hide pride from man. He abases him that He may raise Him, John Bunyan had made great attainments in the world of the affections, and felt now that he was paying back Jesus Christ. It was a kind of snare the devil led him into ; but the devil's plans were wrecked. As Fraser of Brea says about a similar time, ' I began to set up shop, to buy and sell and to become rich and increased in goods, and very soon had need of nothing.' The shop was soon shut up, and the merchant was soon lying in the debtor's sanctuary. Let us take three lessons from this in as many words. (1) Affection is not Christ. God is to save you through. Christ, or not at all. It is not your hot affection to you that will 3ave you. Not even your finest communion day lftve, though it has its place, can do that .for you. (2) Duties are not Christ. Ia a communion mood or when you have buried your child, you are mighty religious for forty-eight hours, and you can never have enough of prayer. You would dissolve the duties of societies to have meetings for prayer ; but you are soon taught those duties are not Christ, though they have a great part to play. - When you are cold in duty, when the wheels drag heauily, and the altar fires will not kindle, then you are drawn more to Christ. If your heart is enlarged and comforted, you will not go to Him .• if you feel nothing but despair, you will go often. (3) Graces are not Christ. -Graces in a man's soul,'says a master in the spiritual worlp, ' are but flesh touched here and there with love.' He abased me, says Bunyan. Does God abase you ? He never will save you till he does ; and your daily abasement will run pari passu- with your daily salvation i the humbling and the lifting up will be paralled with each other. What a world we live in ! _4nd what better use could a lost world be put t:> than to s&ve; sinners in it? He humbles us in the college class-room, in the kitchen, in the drawingroom ; He makes duty dry and tasteful so that in our aridity and dryness we may go again and again to Him, the true refreshment. Our affectionsgrow lukewarm compared with the heat of yesterday- He spares some to grey hairs for no other purpose than to humble them ; and there are those here willing to subscribe e.v animo to this confession of faith. Of Him. are ye in Christ Jesus, who of God (not of our own graces and duties) is made unto wisdom in our folly K sanctification in our consciences, and redemption, whose coming will soon be at the door, ever blessed b& His name. In.conclusion, I will read you a prayer from JJeremy Taylor's ' Golden Grove.' Let us pray :— 'l'hou, 0 God. who givest grace to the humble, do something also for the proud man ; make me humble and obedient. Take from me the spirit of pride and haughtiness, ambition and self-flattery, confidence and gaiety ; teach me to think well, and to expound all things fairly of my brother, to love his worthiness, todelight in his praises, to. excuse his errors, to give Thee thanks for his graces, to rejoice in all the good that he receives, and ever to believe and speak better things o£ him than of myself. ' Oh teach me to love to be concealed, and little esteemed; let me be truly humbled, and heartily- ashamed of my sin and folly : teach me to bear reproaches evenly, for I have deserved them ; to return' all to Thee, for it is Thine alone ; to suffer reproof: thankfully, to amend all my faults speedily ; and do l'hou invest my soul with the humble robe of my meek: Master and Saviour, Jesus, and when I have humbly, patiently, charitably, apd diligently served Thee, change this robe into the shining garment of immortality, my confusion into glory, my folly to perfect knowledge, my weaknesses and dishonors to the strength and beauties of the sons of God. ' In the meantime, use what means Thou pleasest to conform me to the image of Thy Holy Son ; that I may be gentle to others and severe to myself ; that I maysit down in the lowest place, striving to go before my brother in nothing but in doing him and Thee honor ; staying for my glory till Thou shall please in the day of recompences to reflect light upon Thy face, and admit me to behold Thy glories. Grant this for Jesus Christ's sake, who humbled Himself to the death and. shame of the cross, and is now exalted unto glory. Onto Him, with. Thee, O Father, be glory and praistt ' for ever and ever. £men." —British . Weekly. 