"A GLASS OF WPI:Z, CAPTAIN? SAID SIR WILFRID. An Ocean Tragedy. BY W. CLARK RUSSELL. CHAPTER IIL-continued. I LAURA JENNsios. zALe this my sight took in quickly. The fi men had quitted the windlass, and were a making sail upon theyacht nimbly, but so s quietly, even with a quality of stealth in their manner of pulling and hauling, that s we could not have been a stiller ship had I we been a privateereman getting under T way on a dark night with a design of sur- p prising a rich fabric or of escaping a a heavily-armed enemy. They loosed a V stout crew of men, attired without the CO uniformity that is usual in yachting com- d panies in these days, though the diversity of dress was not sufficiently marked to p offend. I gathered that the vessel carried a mate as well as a captain, and detected him in the figure of a sturdy little fellow, tl with acast in his eye anda mat of red hair underhis chin, who stood betwixt the D knightheads forward, staring aloft at a Icl hand on the topsail yard. Captain Finn g saluted the girl and me with a flourish of li a hairy paw to his hat, hut was too full of p business to give us further heed. is " We shall beunder way verysoon now, Ic Mliss Jennings," said I; "it is a strange w voyage that we are undertaking." "A sad one, too," she answered. n "You show a deal of courage in accom panying Wilfrid," I exclaimed. v I hesitaoted at first," said she, "but he seemed so sure of overtaking the Shark and pressed me so earnestly to s join him, believing that the sight of me, no or that by my pleading to-to-" She se faltered,-l iuahssg es the .ac-es,-rL-half. turned from me with such a tremulous '' parting of her lips to the gush of the mild en breeze, which seta hundred golden fibres of her hair dancing about her ears, that I A expected to see a tear upon her cheek when she looked at me afresh. I pre- I tended to be interested in nothingbut the af movements of tihe men who were hoisting b the mainsail. ct " What do you think of the voyage, c Mr. Monson ?" she exclaimed after a o little pause, though she held her face e averted asif waiting forthe flush to fade out of her cheeks. g "It bothers use considerably," I an- g swered; "there is nothing to make heads t or tails of in it that I can see." "But why " and now she stole a side - long look at me. h " Well, first of all," I exclaimed, "I 1 cannot imagine that there is the faintest I probability of our picking up the Shark. She may be below the hlorizon, and we t may be sailing three or four leagues apart i for days at a etretec, and neither ship 1 with the faintest suspicion of the other 1 being close. The ocean is too big for a hunt of this sort." "But suppose we should pick her up, to use your term, Mr. Monson?" "Suppose it, Mliss Jennings, and add this supposition: that the gallantColonel" -she frowned at his name, with a sweet curl of horror on her lip as she looked down-" who will long before have I twigged us, declines to heave-to or have anything whatever to do with us; what then?" "I suggested this to your cousin," she answered quickly; "it is a most natural objection to make. He answered that if the Shark refused to stop when he hailed her-that is the proper term, I know he would compel her to come to a stand by continuing to fire at her, even if it came to his sinking her, though his object would be to knock her mast down to pre vent her from sailing." I checked a smile at the expression "knock her mast down," and thlencaught myself running my glance round in search of any hint of ordnance of a persuasive kind; and now it was that I noticed for the first time, secured amidships of the forecastle, and comfortably housed and tarpaulined, something that my naval in stincts were bound to promptly interpret into along Tom, and of formidable calibre too, if the right sort of hint of itwas tobe obtained out of its swathing. I also ob served another feature that had escaped ame: I mean a bow-port on either side the bowsprit-a detail of equipment so un common in a pleasure craft as to force me to the conclusion that the apertures had been quite newly eutand fitted I uttered a low whistle, whilst I faud my companion's gaze rooted upon me with the same critical attention in the spirited blue gleam of it I had before noticed. " Well I" said I, taking a bit of a breath, "upon my word, though, I should not have thought he had it in him Yes, yonder's a remedy," I continued, nodding in the direction of the forecastle, "to cor respond with Wilfrid's intentions if he's fortunate enough to fall in with the Shark. Will she be armed, I wonder? It would then make the oddest of all poppering matches." " If the yacht escapes us, we are certain to meet with her at the Cape," said Miss Jennina . It me idle to argue on matters of sea manship with the pretty creature. "Wilfrid has said little on the subject to me," I remarked. "He was dread fully overcome when he called to ask me to accompany him. But it is good and brave of you to enter upon this wild ex periment with a womanly and a sisterly hope of courting the fugitive back to her right and only resting-pince. My cousin will receive her, then I" "He means to come between her and the consequences of her-of her folly," mild she, colouring again with a flash in liher eye and a steady confrontment of me, "let the course lie may afterwards make op his mind to paure e be what it will." I saw boti dtstress and a little hint of temper in her face, and changed the sub ject. "Have you been long in England?" "I arrived three months ago at Sher burno Abbey" (my cousin's seat in the It north). "Youknow IamanAustalian?" tl "Yes, but not through Wilfrid, of rt whose marriage I should have learned w nothing but for hearing it talked about fi one day in a club. A young baronet who w had met Lady Monson was loud in her sI prises. He described bher as a wonder- e fully beautiful woman, but dark, with tl fierySpanish eyes and raven tresses;" in and here I peeped at her own soft violet tl stars and sunny lair. as "Yes, she is beautiful, Mr. Monson," m sheansweredsadly, "toobeautifulindeed. Iul Her face has proved a fatal gift to her. m What madness I " she exclaimed, whis- of poring her words almost. "And never we was there a more devoted husband than bt Wilfrid. And her baby-the little lamb! wi Oh, how could she do it I how could she co do it l" at "With whom has the child been wi plnacedl " said I. n "With a cousin, Mrs. Trevor." th "Oh, I know, a dear good creature: ne the bairn will be in excellent hands." hi "Sir Wilfrid was too affectionate, Mr. wi Monson. You known," she continued, hi looking at me sideways, her face very to grave, " if you have ceased to love or to Ia like a person, your aversion will grow in H proportion as he grows fond of you. It be is niot true, MIr. Monson, that love begets hm love. No; if it were true, my sister so would be the happiest of women." to " Have you met Colonel Hope-Ken. co nedy ? "e '" Ol yes, often and often. He was a eg very constant visitor at Sherburne Abbey." dr " Pretty good-looking " a!; "Tall, very gentlemanly, not by any th means handsome to my raste, but I have bu no doubt many women would think hisi of so." ch "_77ie,_n af is mamlar-· t .l4",c U the cwb nortlh I" ho "NoI ; whenever he came to Sherburne bhe Abbey hle was your conusin's guest." na Phlsew I thought I. "And, of. course," co I said, willing to pursue tihe subject afresh, asince it did not seem now to em- pt barrass her to refer to it, whilst I was wi curious to learn as much of the story as pe could be got, "my cousin had no suspicion th of the scoundrelism of the man he was dv entertaining." 50 "No, nor is he to be blamed. He is a wI gentlemen, Mr. Monson, and, like all fine, to generous, amiable natures, very, very slow to distrust persons whom he has honoured with his friendship. When he camne to me with the news that Henrietta had left him I believed he had gone utterly mad, knowing him to be just a little "-she hesitated, and ran her eyes over my face as as though positirely she baltad merely to fs the notion that perhaps I was a trifle lii gone, too; and then, clasping her hand 01 hefnre her, and hant'ng her head so as to is look as if she was speaking withl her eyes d closed, she went on: "I was much with Im Renrietta, and often when Colonel Hope- s Kennedy was present. I had ridden with ol them, had watched them whilst they b played billiards-a game my sister was cl very fond of- observed them at the piano when she was singing and he turning the music, or when she accompanied hins in a n song; he sang well. But-it might be, it 0 is true, because I was as unsuspicious as Wilfrid-yet I declare, Mr. Monson, that P I never witnessed even so much as a look exchanged between them of a kind to excite a moment's uneasiness. No Wil- c frid cannot he charged with blindness; the acting was as exquisite as thie object a was detestable." And she flushed up I again, half turning from me with a stride towards the rail and a wandering look at I the green country, which I accepted as at hint that she wished the subject to drop. The yacht was now under way. They I had catted, and were fishing the anchor a forwards: I noticed that the man I had I taken to be the mate had arrived aft and was at the wheel. The vessel's head was pointing fair for the Solent, and already 1 you heard a faint crackling sound like a i delicato rending of satin rising from under I the bows, though there was so little weight inthe draught of sir that the Bride floated without the least perceptible list tor inclination spite of all plain sail being I upon her, with the exception of the top ! gallant sail. " Fairly started at last, Miss Jennimgs," said I. SShe glanced round hastily as though Sdisturbed in an absorbing rverie, smiled, and then looked sad enough to weep, all I in abreath. SWell, it was a solemn moment for her, I I must say. She had her maid with her, it is true; but she was the only lady on a board. Therewasnone of herownquality I with whom she could talk apart-no other Swoman to keep her in countenance, so to speak, with the sympathy of presence and sex u she was bound oie s trip of which'no a mortal man could have dated the termin ation-an adventure that might carry her I all about the world for augit she knew, g for, nince she was fullymeonseioas of the veryvariable weather of my cousin's mind, a to use the old phrase, she would needs be a too shrewd not to conjecture that many wild and surprising things weie quite likely to happen whilst the power of directing the nmovements of the yacht t remainedhis. \-- And then again she was in quest of her a sister, without a higher hope to support d her than a fancy-that was the merest :- dream to my mind, when I thought of the y little baby the woman had left behind her, :r to say nothing of her husband-that her n passionate entreaties backing Wilfrid's appeals might coax her ladyship to quit d the side of the gallant figure sho had run " away with. n Just then the merry,.ilver tinkling of a s, bell smartly rung sounded through the :e open skylight, and at the same moment the form of a neat and comely young sf woman arose in the companion hatch. "What is it Grahamm ?" inquired Miss Jennings. "Thu first dinner-bell, Mliss. The r- second will ring at the half-hour," The girl pulled out a watch of the size tO of a thumbnail and exclaimed, "It is B already five o'clock, Mr. Monson. It " cannot be a whole hour since you arrived I ,i I hope the time will pass as quickly when w we are at sea." l She lingered a moment gazing shore wards, sheltering her eyes sailor-fashion le with an ungloved hand of milk-white ti softness, on which sparkled a gem or two; then, giving me a slight bow, she went to re the companion and stepped dow-n thie lad- ifu der with the grace and ease of a creature as floating on wings. Ho, ho! thought I, she will have her sea legs anyhow; no y7 need therefore, blaster Charles, to be too In oflicious with your hand and arm when al the hour of tumblefication comes. But vi that she was likely to prove a good sailor pI was a reasonable conjecture, seeing that m she was comparatively fresh fron probably a four month's passage from Melbourne. al I followed her after a short interval, and di then to the summons of the second dinner- m bell entered the cabin. The equipment sl: of the table rendered festal the sumptuous hII furniture of this interior with the sparkle bt of silverand crystal, and the dyes of wines fo blending with the central show of rich in flowers. Tihe western sunshine lay upon K the skylight, and the atmosphere was to ruddy with it. One is apt to he curious re when in novel situations, and I must con- se fess that yachting in such a craft as this be was something very new to me, not to speak of thie uncommon character one's he experiences at the onset would take from dc the motive and conditions of the voyage; at and this will prove my apology for saying as that, whilst I stood waiting for Wilfrid nc and his sister-in-law to arrive, I bestowed co more attention; furtive as it might be, in upon the two stewards and my cousins I man than I should have thought of Yi obliging them with ashore. The stewards ha were comnionplace enough, a pair of trim- co built fellows, the head one's face hard Ith with that habitual air of solicitude which to comes at sea to a man whose duties lie ne amongst crockery and bills of fare, and ou whose leisure is often devoted to dark and su mysterious altercations with the cook; ve the second steward was noticeable for co nothing but a large strawberry mark on in, his left cheek; but Wilfrid's man was jeo worth a stare. I had no recollection of him, and consequently he must have been ha taken into my cousin's service since I was ev last at the Abbey, as we used to call it. an He had the appearance of a man who had be been bred to the business of a mute, a tel lanthorn-jawed, yellow, hollow-eyed per- th son whose age might have been five-and- su twenty or five-and-forty; hair as black as La coal, glossy as grease brushed flat to the mj tenacity of stieking-plaster, and fitting his an egg-shaped skull like a wig. He was yo dressed in black, his trousers a little short su and somewhat tight at the ankles, where pe they revealed a pair of white socks rai bulging with a hint of gout over the sides It of a pair of pumps. He stood behind the sit chair that Wilfrid would take with his tie coant, his whole posture indicative of 1t humility and resignation. Nothing could wi bemorein hrmony twith ie melancholy fs nature of our expedition than thin fellows sin countenance. oil Miss Jennings arrived and took her cn place; she was followed by my cousin, re; who walked to the table with the gait of a ah person following a coffin. This sort of ve thing, thought I, must be suffered for a mi day or two, but afterwards, if the air is ga not to be cleared by a rousing laugh, it ta won't be for lack of any effort on my part of to tune up my pipes. of fat CHAPTER IV. vi IN THE SOLENT. wI THE dinner was exquisitely cooked, and an as perfectly ordered a repast as the most ye fastidious could devise or desire; but very little was said, mainly, I suspect, because di our thoughts were filled with the one sub- fo jet we couldnotreferto whilst the at- di dants hung about us. What fell was the us merest commonplace, but I noticed that hi whilst Wilfrid ate little he offered no objestion to the frequent replenishing of - his glass with champagne by thie melan elsoly chap who stood hehind him. By and by we found ourselves alone. Ii "That is very honest port; you need not be afraid of it; Charles," said my cousin. "Do you understand gunnery?" fi "I believe I could head a piece and d point it," said I, smiling, "but beyond i hat--" uf "Have you seen thie gun on thie fore castlc?" g "Just the outline of a cannon," Ian swered, "under a smother of tarpaulin. hI What is called a long Tom, I think." it "You will have guessed the object of I my mounting it ?" said he, with a frown darkening his face to one of those angry r moods which would sweep athwart his u r mind like thie deep hut flittming shadows of I \- squall clouds over a gloomy sky sullen - Swith the complexion of storm. S " Yes; Miss Jennings explained." I k answered, glancing at her and meeting f Sher eye, in which I seemed to find the I faintest hint of rebuke, as though she t feared I might be laughing in my sleeve. P "What's the calibre, Wilfrid 1" "Eighteen pounds," hlie answered, s t "An eighteen pounder, ch I That I should bring the Shark's spars about their I cars, though. Let me think: the range r of an eighteen pounder will be, at an i elevation of five degrees, a little over a mile." " If," cried my cousin-lifting his bandI as thouglh to smite the table, then bring- t ing his clenched fisat softly down, maui festly chlecked in some hot impetuous \- impulse by thie sense of the presence of 1 the girl, who regarded him with a face as serious as though she were listening to a y favourite preacher-" if," he repeated, r sobering lis voice with the droping of 1 o his arms, "we succeed in overhauling thu d Shark, and they refuse to heave her to, I o sy purpose in to wreek her aloft, and t. Ibm, should they shoe fight, to continue ir firing at her until I sink her." There was a vicious expression in his eyes as he said this, to which the peculiar I indescribable tremibling or quivering of Sthe lids imparted a sigular ir of cunning. y Is thie Shark armed, do you know ?" esaid I. "f `Shie carries a couple of small bras it pieces, I believe, for purposes of signal ling. Pep-guns," said he, contemptuously. "r But I fancy she has an armoury of her rt own. 'Lord Winterton was constantly st cruising north on shooting excurisons, ms and it in quite likely dint he let the r, weapons which belong to him with the 4r yaclat." "I 1f Colonel Hopem-Kennedy's pro lit gremnue," maid I, "~inchadon a ramble s amongst the South Sea Islands, you mesy reckon upon his having equipped himself a with small arms and powder enough, if ze only with an eye to oson-eating rogues. at But to revert to your long Tom, Wilfrid. sg It should not be hard to sink a yacht with such a piece; but you are not for murder as jag your wife, my dear fellow! "No, no," said ho slowly, and speak he ing to me, though he kept his eyes fixed upon his sister-in-law, "have no fear of that. It is I that am the murdered man." He pressed his hand to his heart. n "Rather put it thusi that when they find their vessel hulled and sinking they will get their boats over and be very wil- t ling to be picked up hy us." But your round shot may knock their a boats into staves," said I, "and what v then?" Y "Our own boats will be at hand to 1 rescue them," said he, now looking at me n full with an expression of relish of the S argument. "But, bny dear Wilfrid," said I, "don't you know that when a craft founders shte has a trick of drowning most of the people aboard her, and amongst the few sur- ti vivors, d'ye see, who contrived to sup- d port themselves by whatever lay floating f= mighlt not be Lady Monson !" He tooka deep breath, and said, so N slowly that he seemed to articulate with Ei difliculty, "lBe it so. I have made up a my mind. If we overhaul the Shark and 11 she declines to heave to, I shall fire into lher. The blood of wlhatever follows will n be upon their heads. This has been t forced upon me; it is none ofmyseek ing. I do not mean that Colonel Hope- h Kennedy shall posses my wife, and I will si take her from him alive if possible but rest assured I am not to be hindered from e separating them though her death should " be the consequnc'." bi Mist Jennings clasped her fingers upon o her forehead and sat motionless, looking I down. For a little I was both startled p and bewildered; one moment he talked a as though his wish was that hiswife should w not be harmed, and the next, in some 1e concealed convulsion of wrath, he be- st trayed a far blacker resolution than ever tl I could have imagined him capable of. E Yet in the brief silence that followed I ac had time to rid myself of my little fit or b consternation by considering, first of all, tI that he was now talking just as, according d to my notion, he was acting-insanely; T next, that itwas a thousand to one against te our falling in with the yacht; and again, tl supposing we came up with her, it was not very probable that the crew of the Bride as could be tempted, even by heavy bribes, tl into a measure that might put them in di jeopardy of thleir necks or their liberty. m It was now dark, and the cabin lamps had been for some time lighted. The ni evening looked black against the portholes sl and the skylight, but the cheerfulness and tl beauty of the cabin was greatly heigh- ni toned by tIe sparkling of the oil-flames in te the mirrors, the swing-trays, the glass-like surface of the bulkheads, andso on. Miss Laura's golden loveliness-do not laugh at Itl my poor nautical attempts to put this as amber-coloured, violet-eyed woman before w you-showed, as one may well suppose of oe suchl a complexion and tints, incomparably be perfect, I thought, in the soft though rich th radiance diffused by the burning sperm. to I w-ondered tlhat she shlould listen so pas- or sively to Wilfrid's confession of his inten- w tions should we overhaul the eiark , hi lstir speSa Th' lust setio ndo butT witnessed no alteration in as much of her re face as was visible, nor any stir, as of one I startled or shocked, in her posture. Pos sibly she did not master all the signefi cance of his words; for how should a girl u] realise the full meaning of plumpinground ar shot out of an eighteen-pounder into a as vessel till she was meade a sieve of ? Orit n: might be that she was of my mind in re- so girding the expedition as a lunatic under- so taking, and in suspecting that a few weeks tl of this ocean hlunt would sicken Wilfrid ti of his determination to chase the Shark pi roeud therworld. Ormingled withtlhese fancies, besides, their might be enough of sl violent resentmerit against her sister, of Y grief, pain, shame, to enable her to listen witlh an unmoved countenance to fiercer and wilder menaces than Wilfrid had as yet delivered himself of. These thoughts occupied my mind r during the short spell of silence that ta followed my cousin's speech. He sud- t' denly rang a little handbell, and his o melanchloly servant ameo sliding up to s him out of the after cabin. ii "Tell Captain Finn I wish to see him a \- that is, if he can leave the deck." a The fellow mounted the steps. b " What is the name of that gloomy looking oman of yours, Wilfrid ?" "L MIuflin," he answered. " Bave I not seen somebody wonder fully like him," said I, "holding on with I drunken gravity to the top of a hearse f trotting lonome from the last public-house along the road from the graveyard ? " 1 Bliss Laura laughled; and there was a girlish freshness and arch cordiality inher f laughter that must have put me into a good A humour, I think, had it been my wife I instead of Wilfrid's that Colonel Hope Kennedy was sailing away with. "Maybe,CCharles, maybe," heanswered, I with a dull smile; "hr may have been an i undertaker's man for all I know; though 1 Idoubtit, because I had him from Lord I \- with a five years' character, everya word of which has proved true. But I knew you would have your joke. The fellow fits my temper to a hair; he has a hearse-like face I admit; but then hle is the quietest man in the world-a very ghost; summon him, and if he shaped himself out of thin air he couldn't appear at your elbow more noiselessly. That's his main recommendation to sue. Any kind of noise now Ifind distracting; even I music-Laura will tell you that I'll run a mile to escape the sound of a piano." At this momenta pair of pilot breclhes showed themselves in the companion-way, t and doswn come Captain Finn. As he Sstood, lht in hand, soberiy clothed with noteing more jimerackin the way of finery upon hiim than s row of brass waistcont f buttons, I thought he looked a very s proper, sailorly sort of man. There was s no lack of intelligence in his eyes, which protruded, as from a long habit of staring Stoo eagerly to windward and trying to see a into the inside of gales of wind. He was remarkable, however, for a face that was I out of all proportion too long, not for the e width of his head only, but for his body; whilst his legs, on the other hand, were a as much too short, so that he submitted r himself as a person whose rapacity of f growth had been experimentaly distri buted, insomuch that his legs appeared to Ihave come to a full stop when he was still a youth, whilst in his face the active prinm a ciples of elongation had continued labo I- rious until long after the term when nature should have made an end. r " A gas of wine,captain 2 " said Sir y Wilfrid. , Thoank your honour. Need makes a thee old wife trot, they say, and I feel e a-dry-I feel a-dry. "Put your hat down and sit, Finn. I want you to give my cousin, Mr. ounson, Ir your views respecting this-this voyage. .y But first, where are we?" If " Why," answered the captain, balen if cing tIee wine-glass awkwrelly betwixt a t. itumbsh ada forefinger, that resembled l. nothing so much as a brace of stumpy ;h carrots, whilst he directed a nervous look r- from Wilfred tomo and onto Miss Laura, as though he would have us observe that I- he addressed us generally; "there's el Yarmouth lights opening down over the of port bow, and I reckon to be clear of the Solent by about three bells-half-past a nine o'clock." a "TheS navigation hereabouts," said I, if "needs a bright look-out. The captain sI may not thank us for call;ng.him below." a "Lord love 'ee, Mr. Manson, sir," he si answered, "the mate, Jamob Crimp, him m with the one eye slewed-if so be as as you've noticed the man, sir-he's at the helin, and I'd trust him for any inshore m navigation, frem the Gooed'enas to the Ia Start, blindfolded. Why, be knows his o1 soundings by the smell of the mud." fi "How is the weather?" inquired my I] cousin. fc " Fine, clear night, sir; the stars plen- he tiful and the moon anising; tre wind's w drawed a bit normdly, and's briskening at cc that; yet it keeps a drapught, with nothing l noticeable in the shape of weight in it. Well, your honour, and you, Mr. Monson, sc sir, and you, my lady, oil I'm sure I can w say, iS~~herT's luck," and down went tle lin winei " Captain," said Sir Wilfrid, " oblige m me by giina ar. Monson your views of B die chase we have started upon." it' Finn put down the wine-glass and dried ru his lips onsa pocket handkerchief of the co size of a small ensign. 01 " Well," he began with a nervous un easy twisting about of his legs and feet, pr "my view's this: Fider isn't likely to take any other road ta the Cape than the as one that's followed by the Indiemen. New," said be hying a forefinger in the pe pailm of his big hand, yellow still with I ancient stains of tar, whilst Wilfrid be watched him in his near-siglhte way, leaning forward in tie posture of one ab- ye sorbed by what is said; "you may take be that there road as skirting the Bay o' all Biscay and striking the latitude of forty qo at about fiften degrees east; theh a soth \V by west half west course fortthe Canaries ; fe; the Equator to be cut at twenty-five no degres weat, aid aestraight course for op Trinidad to follow with a clan brace up to thd South East trades. What d'ye ch think, sir ?" "Oh,'tis about the road, no doubt," fu said I, for whatever might have been my thoughts, I had no intention to drop a an discouraging syllable then before Finn in ith my cousin's hearing. no "But," said thie captain, eyeing me sli nervously and anxiously, "if sob as we ye should have the lock to fall into that tel there Shark's wake, you know, we shan't ria need to trouble ourselves with the course to the Cape south of the equator." dr "Of course not," exclaimed Sir Wilfrid. re "By which I mean to say continued wl the captain, giving his back hair a pull po as though it were same boll-rope with which he desired toringuptheinvention he or imagination that lay drowsy in his be brain, "' that if we aren't od to the Shark this side the Line it'll be better for us to Mli tarn to and make up our mind to crack bu on all for Table Bayto be there afore her, without further troubling ourselves about "I her _ heacn ',ttoýýo-or h saa I~ilrna Eh a nea emphatic ndd " that's not to be bettered, th I think, Charles." co "I suppse," said I, addressing Finn, "that, though your hope will be to pick ox up the Shark any day after a given period, and though you'll follow the scent of her as closely as your conjecture of Fidler's he navigation will admit, you will still go oni be sweating-pray pardon this word in its sea sense, bliss Jenninga-your craft as ha though the one business of the expedi- un tion was to make the swiftest possible hi passage to the cape of Good Hope?" ac '"Ay, never sparing a cloth, sir, and she's something to jockey, Mr. bMonson. " You don't know her yet, air." pc " The Shark's a fore-and-aft schooner? " an "Yes," he answered. w, " She carries a square sail, no doubt?" a: '"Ay, a big 'un, but good only for running,andwe ain'twithoutdihatcanvas, at toe, you must know," be added with the i twinkle of humour in his gaze that Il had of observed in him when Wilfrid had first m made him known to me. "Enough of as it, Mr.i Monson, to hold wind to serve sIna a Dutchman for a week, not to mention bi a torps'l and t'gallants'l fit fora line-o'- w battle ship to ratch under." This was vague talk, but it pleased - Wilfrid Is " Square yards are very well," mid I; w "hut surely they don't allow a vessel to gi look up to it as though her canvas was ol fore and aft only? I merely ask for in- st formation. My marine experiences were w limited to sqoare rigs." 6 "lThere's noten to prevent the Bride q from looking up to it as close as the nr Shark," answered Finn. "The yards '71 it lie fore and aft; what's to hinder theme n There ain't no spread, sir, like what you n get in shipo with your fattock rigging si and backstays and shrouds in the road of a the slings elbowing their way to channels n big enough for a ball-room. Besides," a he added, " suppose it shomld be a matter h of a quarter of a pint's difference, we ii need but stow the square cloths, and t then we ain't no worse off than the ii Shark." "True," said I, thinking more of Miss t Jennings than of what Finn was saying: f so perfect a picture of girlish beauty did a she happen to be at that instant as she i leaned on her elbow, supporting her chin with a small white hand, her form in a posture that left one side of her face s in shadow, whilst the other side lay s bright, golden, and soft in thie lamplight i over die table. She was listening with l clarming gravity, and a countenanee of a sympathy whose tenderness was unim- , paired by an appearance of attestion that 4 I could not doubt was ]jst a little forced, l \- since oursailor talk couldnotbutbeGreek I r to her. Besides, at intervals, there was a 1 Slift of the white lid, a gleam of the violet i eye, which was like assuring one that 1 Sthought was kept in the direction of our 1 a conversation only by constraint. s I was beginning to feel the want of a: a cigar, and I had been sitting long enough now to make me pins for a few turns on deek, but I durst net be abrupt in the o face of my cousin's devouring stare at his I skipper and the pathetic spectacle of f the contending passions in hint as he \- hearkened, now nodding, now gloomily o samiling, now lying back on a sudden 1l with a frown which he made as if to i- smooth out by pressing his hand to his brow. n "Ths Shark," said I," has five days' start of us. Give her hundred miles a ir day, for the mere sake of argument; she should be, at that, well in the heart of I busesen I within arm's length of us, when you put it aol" cried Wifrid, I extending his band in a wild, darting, 2, irrelevant gesture, and closing his fingers a. with a snap au though upon some phantom throat he had seen amid thought to clutch. 1" " Fivehundred iiiles," celcaiiied Finn, a apparently giving no heed to the baronet's d action- " Well, sir, as a bit of suppos iy tog, there'snolshrm in it. It might hr ik more. Ishould allow less. There's been a, no weight of wind down Channel. Vhst's at happened, tflen, to blow her aloiig 1 But r's theres no telliuig Anyhow," said ie, so ptekiog op his rap and rising, "dimers to nothise in five hwadrcd nailes, no1 nor hi a thousand, to make us anxious with ielch p: a race-course as lies afore us. 'Tain't as B if we'd got to to catch the craft before sho'd made Madeira." He paused, looking a little irresolute, and then said, addres- 1I sing Wilfrid, "I don't know if there's anything more your honour would like to d( ask of me?" lI "No, not for the moment," answered ar my cousin dully, with the air of a man I languid with a sudden sense of weariness yi or exhaustion following some internal m fiery perturbation; "it is just this, Finn. a MIr. Monson served in the Royal Navy for a few years, and I was anxious that he he should he at once made acquainted ca with your views so that he and you could di combine your experiences. You have ad chased in your time, Charles, no doubt i" in "Not very often, and then always m something that was in sight," I answered th with a slight glance at Finn, whose gaze no instantly fell whilst he exclaimed: sli "Well, sir, any suggestion you maY;: make I'll be mighty thlinkful to receive: But it'll he all plain sailing, I don'tdoubt; st1 it'll be all plain sailing," he repeated, he rumbling out the words in a stifled hlurri- foj cane note, and, giving us a bow, he went Al up the steps. so Wilfrid gazed at me vacantly when I as proposed a cigar on deck, ut "What do you think of Finn?" he no asked. usi "He seems as honest a man and as rep practical a seaman as needs le. But ho te has had command of this yacht since you hbr bought her " an ie nodded. "Well, then, of course TH you know all about him. He has clearly be been a merchant Jack in his day, and has mi all necessary experience, I doresay, to qualify him for this charge. But, Isay, tLi Vilfrid, let us go on deck, my dear we fellow. Miss Jennings, I am sure, will hbe not object to the scent of a cigar in thie cel open air." uti "Nor down here either," she ex- th claiied. tau "I shall remember that," said I grate- sIh fully. "Now, Wilfrid, won't you- " ha " No," le interrupted; "I am drowsy, wi and thank Heaven fora sensation that hit thlreatens to become a novelty. If I get re no rest to-night it will be my eighth of ste sleeplessness, and I must humour myself; aci yes, I must humour myself," lie repeated, de talking in a sort of muttering way, and lig isintg. It I advised him by all means to with- po draw if he really felt tired, and further de recommended a boatswain's caulker of shi whiskey to top off the champagne and port he had been swallowing. me "How will youamuse yourself, Laural" Wi he exclaimed, turning to her. "It will be dull work for you, I fear," rii "No, no," cried I blithely, "why need It Miss Jennings be dull? It must be our tal business to keep her lively." he " I can sit and read hero," said she, an " till it is time to go to bed. What is the hoeur.3UrMooaoul" then burst into one of her refreshing he cordial laughs. w " A little early for bed, Wilfrid," shie no exclaimed. ha He smothered a yawn and responded : he "I will leave you to Charles. Would to cnr heaven I had his spirits. God bless you ha both-good night. I He rang for his valet and stalked with hu hanging arms and drooping head, in the is most uelancholic manner picturable, to em his cabin. I asked Miss Jennings to on accompany mu on deck. ic "There is a moon in the air," said I; an "you may see thie haze of it through this ins porthole; but I must not forget that it is IBr an autumn night, so let me beg you to th wrap yourself up warmly whilst I slip on W apea-coat." an I fancied she hung in the wind an in- on stant, as a girle might who could not do promptly see her way to walking the deck of a yacht alone with a young man on a gli moonlight or any other night, but sheo w; assentcd so quickly in reality that I dare- or saymysuspicionwasanidle andgromundless th bit of sensitiveness. Five minutes later m we were on deck together. oc The yacht sa floating through the dusk - -that was tinctured into glimmering el pearl by the broad face of silver moon H which had already climbed several de- ec grees above the black sky-line of the Isle pi of Wight-without the least perceptible w stir or tremor in her frame. The wind as was well abaft the starboard beam; the us great main boom overhung the port at quarter; the white sail rose wan tothe of moonshine with a large gaff topsail above Ib it-for those were the days of gaffs-dim- pi ming into a space of airy fniitness to the si masthead, above the while button of ni whose truck you caught the icy gleam of Ib a metal vane as though it was a piece of rn meteoric scoring under the dust of the w stars that hovered in the velvet gloom tl like a sheet of undulating silver gloom- ti ing out into hollows in places. Light as o the breeze was, and following us besides, d it held the canvas asleep; but that every c cloud-like cloth was doing its work, too, sal the ear quickly noted in the pleasant s fountain-like sounds of rinning waters a over the side, with a cool seething noise o in tle wake and a fairy tinkling of ex- o ploding foam-hells, The land to port g loomed black against thie moonshine, save v where some slope or other catching the r slanting beam showed the faint green of its herbage or wooded growtlhs in a very t phantasm of hue, like some verdant v stretch of land dyeing an attenuated veil r of vapour witnessed afar upon thie ocean. I Over the port how I caught sight of a t light or two a long way down the dusky i reach, as it seemed, with a brighter gleam i to starboard where the land, catching the e moonlight, came in visionary streaks and r breaks to abeam and on passed the quar- I ter where it seemed to melt out into some twinkling beacon-off Calihot Castle, I smaybe, so far astern it looked, I spied the sturdy figure of the mate a standing beside the wheel, no longer Ssteering, but manifestly conning tieyaht. s The skipper was abreast of the skylight, f leaning over the rail with his arm rounds a h backatay; there were figures moving for r ward tipping the gloo thers with the a scuart points of glowing bowls of tobacco, o but if they conversed it was in whispers. s The stillness was scarce imaginable. It was heightened yet even to my fancy resently when,growing used to the light apspied the phantom figure of what was e apparently a large brig clouded to her f rmyalo with pale canvas stemming the Sohent outward bound some half a mile If distant. " There is no dew," said I; "the moon , shines purely, and is full of prumise so far so u s fine weather goco. Wecll I hero we are II tofirhy started indeed. It is olusosta dream to me, Mliss Jenninog, d'ye knowI" I , continued, staring about mi. "Three sdiays ago I 1uad no notice of anything -hiving gone wrong with msy couSin, and e therefore little dreamt, as you will sup n pose, of whiat I was to enter upon this s bIlesed afternoon. Three days ago! Aid it now here acs I heading into God knows c, what part of this mighty globe of oceais 'a as cipty of all theory of destination as ai though I were bound in a balloon to the part the poets call interstoeller space. b. How is it all to end, I wonderl" d, She was pacing quietly by my side. as "You think the pursuit;a silly one, Is Mr. Monson?" no "Yes, I do, and Wilfrid knows that I no do. If he were not- he is sy cousin, Miss Jennings, and a deir friend, andyou - are his sister-in- law and dear to him, too, as I am sure, and so I dare to be candid with nr you-if it were not that he-" Itouched hr my forehead : "would he embark on such hii aquestas this ?" in "Yes," she replied, with just enoughl of p heat or temper, or wamtever you like to ti call it, in her voice to render her utterance cc distinct with unconscious emphasis. "iiHe in adored his wife. Can a man tear his love into pieces in a day, as though is wore no ye more than a tedious old letter He thinks he hates her; he does so in a sense, m; no doubt; but in asense, too, hlcatill wor- of shirpsher. Band! thatisrwhatyoumean." 1 was beginning to protest. " Yes, it is what you mean, and you are bh right and wrong. If hodoesnot pursue sic her, if he does not recover her, she is lost su for ever; sho is lostnow, you will tell mce. sr Ay," she cried with a little stamp, "lost th so far as her husband's heart goes, so far in as her honour is concerned; but not so ta utterly lost as she will later be if she is H not rescued from that-that man, who lie must be so served, Dlr. Monson, as to hL render it impossible for him ever again to etc trouble the peace of another home, to th break the heart of a noble-minded creature Er and rob a little infant of its mother. lif Hate him ! Oh, girl as I am, I declare mo before my Maker I would shoot him with we myown hand!" an There was nothing in the least degree pe theatrical in her way of speaking. The th words came in a hurry to her lips from sen her indignant heart, and I heard the sin cerity of them so clearly in the mere utterance, I did not doubt for an instant " that, put a pistol in her hand and set up to the figure of the colonel in front of her, I : she would have sought for his heart, if he a i had one, with the barrel of the weapon without so much as a sigh at hlavingto kill hy him. I felt abashed; her sincerity and we resentment were overwhelming; her wi strength of feeling, too, won a peculiar no accentuation from tilhe character of airy delicacy, of tender fregility, tlhe moon- an light gave to her fair and golden beauty. me It was like listening to a volume of sounds ey poured forth by a singing bird, and won- eta dering that such far-reachling melody should be produced byso small acreature. as "I fear," said I, "you don't think seo me very sincere in my sympathy with Wilfrid-" an, "Oh, yes, Mr. MIonson," she inter- serc rupted; " do not suppose such a thing. see It is not to be imagined that you should asl take this cruel and miserable affair to heart as he does, or feel it as I do, who ap am hler sister." an " The truth is," said I, "it is impos- th Ab45ktes4kibnalosrrauotuotonkts.cawissal. slea heart. The judge said to him, 'Had the do woman been your wife, your guilt would he not have been so great, becauseyouwould br have no other means of getting rid of th her save by killing her; but ilse unhappy too creature whose throat you cut you could me have sent adrift without trouble.' What on I mean to say is, Bliss Jennings, that a as husband does not merit half the pity that is felt for him if his wife elopes. He is asu easily quit of a woman who is his wifo ed onlybyname. I am for pitying her. The of inevitblo sequel, the disgrace, desertion, inl and thl rest of it is as punctual as the i indications of the hand of a clock. . . . we But see how nimbly the Bride floats wi through all this darkness and quietude. wl We shall be passing that vessel shortly, lit and yet for canvas she might really be la one of the pyramids of Egypt towing se down Channel." ble We went to the railto look, I, for one, Lc glad enough to change thIe subject, for it teo was nothing less than profalnity to be ch arguig with so reet a little woman as lit Uias-in the pore white sihning of the wso moon, too, and with something of an de ocean freshness of atmosplhere all about us pa -on such a gangrenous subject as the al elopement of Lady MBlouson with Colonel oc Hope-Kennedy. Out of all my sea-going m experiences I could not pick a fairer re picture than was made by the brig we in were passing, clad as she was in moonlight, a and rising in steam-coloured spaces to or mere films of royals motionless under the co stars. She was a man-of-war; the white tl of her broad band, that was broken by as black ports, gleamed like the ivory of pi pianoforte keys; her canvas was exqus- w sitely cut and set, and trimmed as naval w men know how-one yardarm looking a backwards a little over another, the sl roundedsilent cloths, faint in the radiance tl with a gleam as of alabaster showing t< througha delicate haze, and high aloft the I tremor of a pennant like the expiring trail a of a shooting star. Alt was as hushed as death upon her; her high bulwarks con- fe coaled her decks; nothing was to be seen tirring along the whole length of the shapely, beautiful, visionary fabric that, as we left her slowly veering away upon our quarter, looked to lose the substance of her form, as though through the gradual absorption of the light her own e s white canvas made by the clear and icy y radiance of the soaring moon. 1 'To thiek s no," mid I, " of the thunder of adamantine lips concealedt b within the silence of that lheap of swim- a I ming faintness l How amazing the changeL . from the exquisite repose she suggests to a the fiere erimson blae and headlong t f detonations of a broadside flashing up the r dark land and dying oot miles away in a sullen roar. Bat d;ye know, Miss Jen I nings, I shall grow poetical if I do not e light another cigar. Women should en- I Scourage men to smoke. Nothing keeps t them quieter." We erxicanged a few words with Cap a tain Finn, w lho, tosetler wits the mate, r was keeping a lrigTst look-out, and then resumed our walk, and, in a quiet chat that was ended only by a small bell on UeI a forecastle announcing thIe hour of ten by 11 four chimes, Biss Laura gave me the e story of illy cousin's introduction into her s f, family, described the isarriage, talked to s. me about Melbourne and her home there, It with more to the sume purpose, all very y interesting to me, thoogh it would make it the merest parish gossip in print. Her s mother was dead ; her falsirwras a hearty r man of sixty who had emigrated years n who had a family of twelve shldren, and sr who died without learing money enough re to pay for his funeral." Mr. Jenning m had sade a fortune by squatting, but he I had lost a considerable asno within the 00 past fiear yesre b~y tstpidespeculation, osid eg asbiss La~ fura m~id this I cauld uce, by ed b earisig her (to use a Poddyiasn), thle peat p-ofleerlip; tsrbright as theosnoorsiglst strwas, usle dIlver of it blended r1ib the id golden tint of her hair without defining s e any feature of her clearly, saving ner eyes, us in which thie beam of the planet would as sparkle like a diamond whenever she he raised them to my face, She told me her father was very proud that his daughter should become a lady of title, and yet he opposed the sarringe, too. In ehort, he caw that Wilfrid'a mind was not as sound as it should be, though hle never could point to any act or speech to justifyh migivings. utthi was intel ble enough; for, to speak of nmy ousin as I remembered him in earlier times, the notion you got that he was not stnright. headed, as I have before said, waa frons Isis face, and the suspicion lay but dully in one, so national was his behaviour, so polished and often intellectual his talk, till on a sudden it was sharpened into conviction on your hearing that there was insanity in his mother's family. "What had Lady Monson to say to your father's misgivings 1? " I inquired. "She accepted him, and insistned upon marrying him. He was wondorfully fond of ]her, Mr. Monaon." "And shel" I saw her give her head a little lshakeo, but she made no reply. Perhaps she con sidered tsat this trip we had started uss sulfficiently answered the question. She said, after a brief pause, "I myself thougst ny father a great deal too oritical in Iis estisnat of Sir Wilfeid. Nu one tallied more delightfully than your cousin. He was a favourite with everybody whom Ie met at Mlelbournee. He was fresh from his travels, and was full of entertaining stories and shrewd observations; and then, again, he had much to say about European capitals, of English university life, of Eiglish society- yos will not need me to tollyou that we colonials have little weaknesses in regard to lords and ladies and to the doings of high life, from whliclh people inEngland arequite exempt, and for the having whlichl I fear we are slightly sneered at and a good deal wondered at. I caught the sparkle of her lifted eye. "And pray, Miss Jennings," said I, " what would your papa thsinik if lie wero to know that you had embarked on wsat, I must utili take the liberty of calling, a very queer voyage I" " Oh," she cried quickly and almost hysterically, "don't ask me what Ihe would think of what I am oing! What will be his thoughts when hioe gets the news of what Henrietta has done i" She turned her head away from me, and kept it averted long enougih to make me suspect that there was a tear in her eye. It was then that a sailor forward struck the forecastle bell four times. " Teno'clockl" she exclaimed,lknowring as an ocean traveller Isow to interpret sea time. "Good night, MIr. Monson." I handed her down the companion-steps, and went to my own cabin, and was pre sently in my bunk. But it was after seven bells, half-past eloven, before I fell asleep. The breeze had freshened; had drawn apparently more yet to the nortlhward, and the yacht having hauded it bit now that we were out of the Solenit, was daniewaenragae tflcwithcacsoutteingý, down into her heart out of the hollows of her canvas, whilst an occasional creak breaking from one knew not what part of the structurce, hinted at a taut drag of tacks and sheets, though there was no motion in tihe water over whose surface our keel dlided as steadily as a sleigh over a snow-covered plain. It was one thing on top of another, I suppose; the fancies put into me by the oddness of this adventure; the memory of the long gun forward; Wilfrid's tragic intentions, the darker to my mind because it was so easy for me to see how grief, wrath, a sense of dishonour, bitter injury, with impulses not imaginable by ma which every recurrence to the motherless little baby at home would visit hliim with, had quickened in him of late the deadly seminal principle that circulated in his blood. Then again, there was Miss Laura'c beauty, it beauty be the proper teres to eapress a combination of physical charms which a brief felicitous sentence like a single line from some old poet would better convey than fity page of description; liher conversation; her sym pathy with the motive of this trip; her apparent heedlessness as to thle time to be occupied by it; her indifference as to the magnitude of the programme tlat Wilfrid's resolution to recover his wife nmight end in framing if Table Bay should prove but a starting point-I say it was one thing on top of another; and all reflections and considerations being rendered acuto by the spirit of life one now felt in thie yacht, and that awakened the most donsant or puzzled faculty to the perception that it was all grim, dowsright eacnest, small wonder that I should have lain awake until half.-past eleven. Indeed, that I should have snatched a wink of sleep that first blessed night is a mystery only to be partially resolved by reflecting that I was young, heedless, "unencumbered" as they say, a lover of adventure, and in no sense dissatisfied by the company I found myself among. (To be continued.) 