LEGENDS ABOUT TREES. TnnES, in the earlier stages of society, have uniformly been the fertile subjects of poetical and mythological allusion. Many of the prettiest legends of .ethehen an tiquity, as well as of our lrisinianpro getos elao to trees; wlhilpoetsin all countries. nanl ih'eli brav ero froed n thein theltimost brilliant imaiges 'ad corn parisons. Some of 'thled; varied p lsions, rleaned from various qiuarters, weal have iore set down, in" tl?o'beief t thtte will he interesting to our readers. I " We begin with the apple-tree, so s?i- larly connected with the first transgress'on1 and fall of man, and distinguished alike in the mytholoies of the Greeks, Seandi navians, and iruids. The golden fruits of the Hesperides, which it was one of the 1 labours of Hercules to procure in spite of te sleepless dragon which guarded them, were belived by-the pagans: to be.apples. Hercules was worshipped by the Theans under the name of 3lelius (from the Greek i EMlon, an apple), and apples were offered at his altarsa- In-the-Scandinavian- dda we are told that the goddess Iduna had d tile care of apples which had tile power of conferring immortality, and which were consequently reserved for the gods, whlo ate of them when.tley began to feel them selves growing old. Tire evil spirit, Lake, took away-Iduna and her apple-tree and hid them in a forest, where they could not be found by the gods. In consequence of E this malicioas theft everything went wrong in the world. The gods became old and infirm,-and, enfeebled both in body and mind, no longer paid tite same attention to the affairs of tle earthl, and men, having no one to look after them, fell into evil courses and became the prey of the evil spirit. At length the gods, finding matters get worse and worse every day, roused their last remainsof vigour, and combining together, c forced Loake to restore.thle tree. Thle Druids paid particular reverence to e th?e apple-tree because the' misletoe was supposed to grow only on it and the oak, and also on account of the usefulness of its fruit. In consequence of this feeling, tie apple was cultivated in Britain from tie earliest age of which we have any recoil, and Glastonbury was called the apple orchard, from the quantity of apples grown there, previous to te timie of the Romans.l any old rites and ceremonies are therefore connectedwith this tree, some of which are proctised in thie orchad districts' even at the present day. - Tle wassail bowl, drunk on All Hallow c Ien, Twelfth Day Eve, Christmas Eve, and on other festivals of the Church, was corn pounded of ale, sugar, nutmeg, and roasted apples, which everyperson partook of,eachli taking out an apple with a spoon and then drinking out l the bowl. The custom of bobbing for apples on All Hallow H'en, and on All Saints' Day, wihich was formerly common over all' England, is still prac tised in some parts of Ireland. A kind of hanging-beam, which was continually t turning, was suspended from the .roof of the room, and an apple placed at one end and a l d a ligte candle at tle oter. Tie partieslmaving their hands tied behind them and tryin' to catch the apples with their rautits, frequently caught the candle instead. In Warwickshire apples are tied to a string and caught at in the same man ner; but the lighted candle is omitted, and in tile same countychildren roast apples o f a string.on Christmas Eve; tihe first wlio can catch an apple when it drops from the string getting it. In Scotland apples amre put into a tub of water and then bobbed for 'rithl the mouth. t The oak appears early to have been an object of worship among the Celts and ancient Britons. Under the form of this tree tile Celts worshipped their god Baail, the Celtic god of fire, whose festival (tiht of Yule) was kept at Cristmas, was also worshipped under the semblance of an oak. t Tite Druids professed to maintain perpetual c fire, and once every year all the fires belonging to the people were extinguished and re-lighted from the sacred fire of their priests. This was the origin of the Yale log, with which, even so lately as tle midd le of last century the Christmas ire in some parts of e country was always kindled, a fra log being thrown on and lighted, bfut taken off beore it was consumed, and reserved to kindle the Christmas fire of tihe following year. The Yule log was always h of oalc, andi as ten arnc5wlt Driion, I,'trtd that it was essential for their hearthl-ires to be renewed every year from the sacred fire of the Druids, so their descendaats thought that some misfortune would befall them if any accident happened to the Yule log. The worship of the Druids was generally 1 performed under an oak, and a heap of stones or cair was erected on which the sacred fire was kindled. Before the cere- I mony of gathering the mistletoe the Druids fasted for several days and offered sacrifices in wicker baskets or frames, which, Ihow ever, were not of willow, but of oak t'igs curiously interwoven, and were similar to that still carried by Jack-in-tle-green on May-day, which, according to some, is a relic of Druidism. Thl well-tnown chorus of- Hey,' derry.down',. according to Pro- fessor luraeftwas a Druidic chant, signi fyinig literally, "In a circlethe oak more around." Criminals'.were tried under an oak tree, the judge 'wit'ththte jury being seated;under its snade; and' the culprit placed in a circle 'made. by the chief Druid's wand. The Saxons'also held their national meeatings' under an oak; and the celebrited 'conference between the Saxons nnd'the Britons' after thie'invasion of the formerwnas heldunder the oaks of Dartmoor. The '.mistletde, particularly that .whlich grows on tlie oak,'was held in great vene ration,by.the'Britonis.- At the beginning of thei-yearith Druids went in- solemn pro cebsio-irito the forests, and raised a gross altar at the foot of tile'finest oak, on which they inscribed tile names of those gods 1vhlcll were considered as themost powerful. After this the chief Druid, clad in a white garment, ascended tlhe tree, and cropped the mistletoo with. a consecrated golden prnn ing-hook, tie' other-Druids receiving it in a pure wliite cloth, wiich they held beneath tle tree. The mistletoe was then dipped in water by thie principal Druid, and'distri buted among tito people, as.an~ipservativo against witehcraft and deseases. ilf any part of tile plant touched the ground, itwas considered to be the omes of some dreadful misfortune wlhicli'-as about to fall upon tle land. The.e ceiemony was always per formed wheii' the moon was six days old, and two:ivlito bulls'were sacrificed at the conclusion:' In Scandinavian mythology, .Loke'the evil'spirit, is said to have made the:arrow with which he wounded Balder (Apollo), the son of Friga (Venus), of mistletoe branches. Balder- was charmed against Jinjury from everything 'which -sprang from fire, earth, air, and water; but the mistletoe, springing from neither, was found to be fatal, and Balder was not re stored to the world till by a'general effort of the other gods. Tile magical properties of tile mistletoe are mentioned both by Virgil and Ovid. In thedarkages ansimilar behef prevailed; and even to tihe present day the peasants of IIolstein, and some other countries, call the mistletoe the "speetre's wand," from the supposition, that holding a branch of mistletoe will not only enable a manto see ghosts, but to force them' to speak to him. Thle custom of kissing under the mistletoe at Christmas has been handed down to us by our Satxon ancestors, who, on thle restoration of Balder i dedicated the plant to their TVenus (Friea) to lace it entirelyunder hercontroI, an to lprevent it from being again used against I her as an instrument of mischief. In'the Sfeudal ages it was gathered with great , solemnity on Christmas eve, and hnng upin Sthe great hall with loud shouts and re l joicing. SThe holly, like some other evergr-eens, ias C longbeen used at Christmas for ornamenting. churches and dwellnug-houses. It appeas to have been first made use of for this pur a pose by thle early Christians at Rome, and was probably adopted for decorating til a chtrchles' at Christmas, Iecause holly w-as Sused in tle great festival of tle Saturnalia, 'wahict occurred about that period. It was customary among tle :Romans to send bouglis of. holly, during the Saturnalia, as , emblematical of good wishes, with the gifts ithey presented to their friends at' that season; and tle holly came thius to be con Ssidered as an emblem of peace and good will. 1 Thie ivy was dedicated by tile ancients to SBaselhus, whose statues are generally found crown-ed with a 'reatht of its leaves, ncl as: t tle favourite plant of the god of wine its e praisesbave been sung by almost all poets, s whether ancient or modern. lany reasons mhave been: given for the consecration to' a Bacchlus of this plant. 'Some poets say i. that it wns becaus te iye y'has tie effect [ of dissipating the fumes of wine; others,' bcause ,it 'ars once Ilts favourito.e youthl, Cissus; and others, because it is said that the ivy3;, if planted in vineyards, will destroy tie vines, and that it was- thus doing an acceptable service to that plant to tear it up and wreath it into chaplets and garlands. The most probable, however, seems to be that the ivy is?sfned at hyssa, the reputed birthplace of Bacchus, and in no other part of Ilnia .,The ancient Greek priest pnesentea wreathsof ind, t newly marriea persons asa symbol of thidcloseness ofttho tie whichleought to bind them .together, and Ptolemyr'hilopiter kicng of Egypt, ordered all the Jews who would abjure their religion and attachl themselves to the superstitions of his country, to be branded with an ivy leaf. The ivy is symbolical of friendshlip, from the closeness of its adherence to the trees on which it has once fixed itself; hence, also, it has become a favourite device for seals, some of the best of which are a sprig of ivy withl the motto, oI.die-whero i attach myself," eandtafalle tir ecoiered with ivy, with the words, "Even ruin cannot separate us." Ivy is the badge of the Clan Gordon. __Ale jasmine is no-less celebrated- for the delicacy of its odour and flowers than for, tie pretty love legend connected with its European history. The custom re hieh pre vails in some countries of brides wearing jasmine flowers in ttheir hair, is said to have arisin from thd following circum stanee:-A grand dukoe- of Tuscany, hld, ia 16n9, a plant of the delieiously-scented jas mine of Goa, which lie was so careful of, that he would no sifferit to he propagated. His gardener, howeever, being in love with a peasant girl in the neighilbourhood, gave her a sprig of ,this choice plant on her birthday; and le having taught her how to make cuttings, she planted the sprigas a memorial of his affection Itgrewenpidly, and every one whlio saw it, admiring its beauty and sweetncss, wished to'have a plant of it.' These the girl'suipliedo frot cuttings, and sold them so well, as to obtain enough of money to enable her to marry her lover. The young girls of Tuscany, in remembrance ofr, this adlenture, always deck themselves on their welding-day itl a nosegay of jasmine; and they hare a proverb, ".that she who is worthy, to weno a nosegay of jasmine, is as good as a for tune to tier husband." The myrtle was an especial favourite among the ancients, by whom it was held sacred to Venus. The name is said to have been taen from tlhat of Myrsine, anAthenian maiden, a favourite of Minerva, who, suffer ing love to overpower her wisdom, was changed into a myrtle by her offended mis tress, and taken pity on by Venus. Others say that Venus, when she first sprang from the bosom of-the sea, had a wreath of myrtle round her head. The temples of this goddess were always surrounded by groves of myrtle; and in Greece she was adored under the name of ]5yrtilla. - Pliny says that the Romans" and t abines, hlen they were reconciled, laid down their arms under a myrtle tree and purified themselves with its boughs. W Ireaths of myertle were the symbols of authority worn by the Athenian magistrates, and sprigs of it were entwined with the lanrel svreathis worn by those conquerors, during their triumphs, wio had gained avictorywithout bloodshied. The rose oas, been a favourite subject with the poets in all countries ano in all ages, and in mythological allusions it is equally fertile. It was dedicated by the Greeks to Aurora as an emblem of youth from its freshness and reviving fragrance; and to Cupid as an emblem of fugacity and danger from thle fleeting nature of its charms and the wounds inflicted uy its thorns. It was given by Cupid to iarpo crates, the god of silence, s a bribe to prevent him from betraying the amours of Venus ; hence itwas adopted as a symbolical of silence. Tle rose was for this reason frequently sculptured on the ceilings of lrinking and feasting rooms as a warning to guests that what was said in moments of conviviality shlould not he repeated; from which what was intended to be kept secret was said to'be told "under thle rose." The Greek poets say that the rose was originally white, but that it was changed to red-according to some, from tle blood of Venus, wko lacerated her feet with its thorns when rushing to the aidof Adonis, and according to others, from the blood of Adonis himself. Thle fragrance of the rose is said by the poets to be derived from a cup of, nectar thrown over it byCupid, and its thorns to be tie strings of thle bes with which the are of his bow was strung. Another fable relating to the birth of tie rose is, that Flora, haring found the. dead body of one of herfavourite nymiphs,whose beanty could onlybe equalled by her virtue, implored the assistanee of all the gods and goddesses to aid her in changing it into a flower which all others should aeknowledge to be their queen. Apollo] lentthevivifying power of his beams, Baccllus batled it in nectar, Vertumnus gave its perfume, Po mona its fruit, and Flora herself its diadem of flowers. A beetle is often represented on antique gems as expiring surroundled by roses, and this is supposed to be an emblem of a man enervated by luxury- the beetle being said to have such an antipathy to roses that the smell of tsem will cause its death. Among tie Romans the rose was an especial favourite. They garnished their dishes with it, wore garlandls of it at their feasts, strewed their banqueting apartments with .its leaves and their ladies used rose water as' perfume. Throughout tlhe East it ovas still more extensively celebrated; the poetical allusiion and legends relating to the reoP.being numerous enough to ill an ordinary volume. That whlichl represents tile nightingale as singing-for itslove, is perhaps tile prettiest, and has given rise to some of the most exquisite verses both in our own and in tle Persian language.tc. The origin' ofthel?fablo isl'tius told in the asnefage of,.f:F'loera:-" In a curious frag ment by the celebrated poet, Attnr, entitled Buulsflnaohei- tli Book of-thle Nighlitin gale-all5the birds appear before Solomon, and charge the nightingale with disturbing their-rest, by tile broken and plaintive strains which hewarbles forth all the night in a sort of plhensy and intoxaication. .The nightingale is summoned, questioned, and acquitted by the wise Ing, because tle bird assures him that his'vehliement love for tile rose drives him to distraction, and causes him to break forth into.thoo passionate and touching complaints which are laid to his clarge." Thie Persinans also-assert-tlat "the nightingale in spring flutters round the rose bushes, uttering incesiant complaints, till, overpowered by the strong scent, le drops stupified on the ground." Tihe Catholic Church lihasn also added con siderably to the legendary history of the rose. A golden rose -was -ensideied so honourable a.- present,?that: none - but crowned heads.were though;t Iworthy either to give orto receiveo.it."' oses of this kind were sometimes-?eoiseai?e?~y otho rPopes on Good Friday, and gite--tisumclpoten tates as it was their particular interest or wish to load with favours; the flower itself being an emblem of the mortality of the body, and the gold of which it was Com posed, of the immortality of-the soul. 'The custom h blessing the rose is stillpreserved in lomeand tle day on which thie eere many is performed is called "5Dominica in 0ROSi."Tile roo'was always considered as ' amystical emblem'of tile Cath olic Church, and enters nito tie composition of most of their ecelesiastical ornaments.- As a symbol of beauty and innocence, it was customary, in some countries, - to award a crown of roses to the girlwllooliould bd aeknow ledgedbyalltthecompetitoerstoabetbo ost amiaJle, modest, and dutiful in theirnative yillage--a custom: e hih; -till lately, ,won annually- performed in some destrncte of their sleevesia an'emloim thatgentlene~s -should nceompony courage, andltllat beauty wasn tile reward 0f i-al~our."-''Abdut -this 0 period, the rose?ns considerel sonprecious m iFrance; that in" several parts of-" the country none but the rich and powerful were. allowed to cultivate it; but in later d times we find, it mentioneld nsmong tile 0 rightslofmanors,that thseirownra were cm .0 powered to levy a tax, or tribute, on their tenants, of so many bushels of roses, whuilh were used not only for-making rose-ater., d but for covering tie tables with, instead ot napkins. The Frenchl parliament had for meriy a day of ceremony, c Glled" Baillee tde Roses," bemuse great quantities of roses were then presented. o fow many n man, by thrawing hinsnel ad i thle ground in dpspr, crushes and es-dtroys for ever a thousand'flowera ol 0 hope thatwoere re edy to spriniglup and . gladden all his pathway. Is e Persia, when a man is convicted of to robbery, they put him in a brick tank by sy te' roadside, lpur plaster of. Pdrisaresund tlin till lie is suifocated ,and leaeo him a, standing there hermetically muled up as rI, _wyasn"in a:l t who pos ,that .:, 