SXDNEÏ UNlVERSlTt UNIOÍ*. , OLD ENGLISH MYTHOLOGY. The hall of the YMCA was woll filled Inat night on the occasion ot Frofci«or MacCall mi, M A , delivering the third and last lecture f the Sjdnoy ?University Union Benos 1 ho subjoct chosen by Pro sossor Maccallum was " Old English Mythology " Sir William Manning, Chancellor of the Ünnersity, pre- sided, and on tho platform were-Dr Kenwick, Vice «hannellor, I'rofessors Scott and Anderson ¡stuart, and the Rev Dr Kinross Sir WILLIAM MANNING said that whoever took tho chair an theso occasions was expected to saj something by wav of introducing tho lecturer lhere was no oocasion for it, but e had been askod to attend bj tho University Union m his capacity as Chancellor, and ho was not willing to declino although ho thought tho timo had pretty well como when night attendanco might ho passed on to voungor persons Ho would have to take that course in future Ho \v as very Riad that the Universit\ Imton had been the means of forming a senos of lectures to be delivered to others besides those unmediatelj connected with tho Univor sitv The audience might bo aware that tho Univer- sity Union was a debating societ} compo sity men, principally undergraduates and they had taken in hand to convoy information, not only to themselves, but to others outside tho University by giving these lectures and inviting the public to attend He thought they did good sorviro, and those who gave their services ns lecturers, to impart informa- tion not only to tho Btudents but to tho public were entitled to the best thanks of the communitv (Applause.) They left their own lecture rooms for the sake of helping to enlighten a wider circle and great thanks were duo to tbeni Many other subjects might be undertaken with advantago than those which had been touched upon, and that which was to be Sow considered He for one had a vorv great Mire that the influence of the University should spread beyond the immediate circle of the Umver lty It was a grand institution-(applause)-for the purpose of Imparting knowledge to the students and through them to sooiety at large, but it should go beyond that, and it fought to go bevond it As a public man all his life, he did not look to the University as confined to itself-not merely as an institution to teach a few undergraduates-but to help to en- lighten the publio to the fullest extent He had endeavoured some years ago to institute lectures at Garden Palace, not necessarily bv University toaohors, but by persons interested in and with a knowledge ot University work, and who had the stamp of University approval. The fire at Garden Palace had destroyed that «oberne, bnt, looking forward to no very remote future, it was highly probable that this was one way in which the University would extend its influence. He looked upon the publio examinations as one of the best things for raising the tone of education throughout the length and breadth of the land, and extending far more widely than the influence of the University itself The extension leotnres recently established were likely to be assurance of great usefulness He introduced Pro- fessor Maccallum to them. Professor MACCALLUM, who was received with loud applause, said :-Mr. Chancellor, ladies, and gentle- men, a modern poet has described a vision of the van- quished religions of the past as they sweep by him, " discrowned and disanointed," spectral and confused, as the phantom hoBt "Ait hound on a wild beast's trace, 80 Time has their (rodhenel in chase; As wolves when the hunt makes head. They scatter, they flv, thov aro fled 1 They aro ried beyond hall. Beyond hollfr, And the ory of the chase, and the cheer." Britatt'fhis time of day it is not necessary to insist that «ven we fako this view in the most literal sense, suoh bygone oreeds are fnll of interest for us. Hardly any- one would nowadays venture to say of them, '. Let the dead past bury its dead ; why disturb the grave* of mouldering religions, or drag their shadows to the light of upper day?" For we have learned to regard the countless faiths of the world as honest Attempts to solve Ita great problems and find out ita secret-attempts which, if they have not wholly succeeded, aro very far from having wholly failed. We may see in them different stages in the struggle of the human mind to climb from beginnings very low and sensuous to higher spiritual belief. In the case of some of them we may actually follow the process, and watch the worship of natural phenomena change into the worship of glorified men, and the gods of human passion grow into the gods of human thought. And as respects old English mytho- logy, there is another reason why we shonld shara it a little of our attention in an unoccupied hour. It is not a thing altogether strange or alien to us. It was sacred to onr own forefathers, bone of our bone and blood of our blood ; and surely the beliefs held by the patriarchs of the race whioh has carried ita views of life into all Snorters of the world can never be indifferent to leir children. Nor is it without independent claims of its own» No doubt in many respects it is not such a high product of the human mind as some other religions. It has none of the Hashes of insight which according to Orientalists illumine the systems of the East It has none of the humaner beauty of the Greek Olympus. It is often crude, and always rough ; but the crude may have its simplicity, and the rough may be strong. The grand feature of this out- lived heathenism seems to me its moral sincerity. Inheriting oertain gods as ita ideals, it yet dares to own, " Nevertheless they are imperfect, and must pass." If I am right in my view of it, it frankly acknowledges its inadequacy, and educates its votaries to go beyond itself. We understand, in studying it, how, according to the testimony of St Boniface, certain tribes had east' it aside, and were living in a state of expectant scepticism, ead how, according to Bede, others, without hesitation or scruple, exohanged it for Christianity,aiionethrowsunderagarment that is waxed old. Bnt for that very reason the study of it is no light matter. It had so freely admitted its weaknesses, it bad so trained its worshippers to surrender it for something better, it had so little of the obstinacy of ?elf-preservation, that it succumbed to the new faith with hardly a strangle, and at first sight seems to have left no trace. The early English and early Ger- mans bad no sacred books, or, indeed, books of any ?ort, to enshrine it. The critics «f pagan Home, mea like Cssaar and Tacitus, regarded everything fram a Roman point of view: and if they noticed Tentonio mythology at all, so transliterated it into the terms of Latin beliefs as greatly to impair the value of their taforrnatioa, though Christian missionaries had no inclination, bnt very much thn reverse, to give any full account of the heathen cult Still, though no adequate description of it has come down from friend or foe, our dearth of material is not ?o (rreat as used to be supposed. A people does not forset in an hour all that it has venerated for centuries, and it ia incredible that old beliefs should of a sadden be blotted oat. A conquered nation is not of necessity extirpated, and no more is a race of gods. Both may continue to lark in their ancient haunts. Though their position be sadly fallen, and their names, dress, and character be new, they may ?urvive tor ages, distinct and recognisable. And so with old English religion. It waa not altogether . destroyed; or at least ita holy ones, if dead, did not see corruption. With changed names, with 'narrower powers, they still swayed the imagination« of men ; and often in some fairy tale, some legend of saint or devil, we meet, if we look long enough, the solemn eyes of an ancient myth. For " the past is not utterly past;" at all points it touches and bears up the pre- sent, and olten in what is now and here we may get to know what once has been. It was an old belief, of which there are traces in many religions, that when a god came down to walk with men, they knew not whom he was till the sheen of his vanishing shoulder betrayed his deitv. Some- thing like this baa happened with the myths. Many ages they have been with us unperceived. Now in these latter days, aa they meit away, we see their god- head in some lingering, gleaming" limb. Now, sup- posing that this transformation of the old stories took place, what treatment wonld the gods naturally re- ceive at the hands of a new faith that denied their deity and ousted them from beaven? Clearly one of three things might happen to them : In ao far as they claimed to be divine, they would be considered lying ?pirita, the powers of darkness, the enemies of the true religion, and would without more ado be enrolled in ita army of fiends and fallen angels. This, whioh was very generally the method of the Church, baa been made familiar to English readers by Milton, who, whenever his reverence for Greece does not take him off his guard, identifie« the gods of the Gentiles with the legions of Lucifer : " By falsity and lisa the greatest part Of mankind they corrupted to forsake God thalr creator. . , . And devils to adore for deities. Then were they known to men bv Tarions names ' And various idols through the heathen world." Or, again, in so far as the elder gods really showed themtetras beneficent and divine, in so far as they approached the spirit and office« of their successors, in ao far their feats and characteristic« might be trans- ferred to Christ, the angels, and the saints. Or, lastly, .their relieious reference might by degrees be entirely overlooked : and in this case the stories of their exploits wonld either be connected with some historical per- sonage, some popular national hero, or would live on as fairy tales banded down from grandmother to grand- child. Mow that each of these processes went on in the case of old English re. ligion ia no mere plausible theory, it is proved fact. Thai, for the first, the conversion of gods into tienda, we can appeal to enaotments in Church and State. Canute's laws prohibit heathen sacrifice in the technical legal phreae, "deoflum gildan "-" devil .ervice." So, too, an Old Saxon baptismal formula runs as follows:-Q. Renounoest thou the devil F _ I renounce the devil. 0>- And all devil worship P A- And I renounce all devil worship. Q. And all deril'a works Î (Here the convert expands with a certain pathos.) A. And I renounoe all devil* sworks and word», those of Thnnor and Wodan and Baxnot, and all those fiends who are their fellows (Saxnot is another name for Tiw). Aft»? thi* it need not surprise us that in the kindred tnporstítíons of Germany the goddess Froyja or Holda edina deity of summer, becomes the beautiful flend lures knights to the infernal pleasures of her «mit in the Bönelberg; or that Wooten, with hil celestial host, Wuotanes Here, is changed to a rout of dovnls, and scours the country in nightly storm as the *. wüthendo Heer," tue raging army And again wo can oxplain such later expressions as the " devil and his dam," " the devil's grandmother " only on the theory that hero tho de vii is not tho retolhous angel of tho ¿burch but one of tho familv of m3 tliologtcal Íiowors Hie coimtor proetsi, tho absorption (f mvths nto legends of Christ and tho Baints, is equallv well attested Indeed in this caso wo can ov:en watch the subtler gradations of tho chango A greatmanv charms and incantations in various Teutemc dialects aro still extant tho oldest dating from pio chnstinn, the latest from comnarntivoly modern tunes but almost all conform to tho lieathon model n short narrativo introduction loading up to the lnvocition tiroper or spell One of tho most anci nt found at Mersburtr Was addressed to thoso battle goddossos whom tho Northmen called \alkjriur and who con- ducted doad homes to Wodun and presided ov or tho affairs of war It was pronouncod on BOtting captives free ' Once snt the Maidens in this yiHcc and that, 'omt Intoned fetters Fosac checke I the host, Some plucled off th pimonlne, bands, Foith from thy fetters Í to fiom thj foos Another discovered at the same placo, and apparently of about the saint date is a cure for lame horses Iho Phol, who ia represented as Wodan's com- panion, has ireneralh Hen identified with Balder, out Sophuf Buggo has madj it like j that it is nouo ther than St Paul, who wi uld certainly in that case bo keeping what wo may be allowed to call \ erv unapostoho company, but such odd mixtures of heathen and Chnstian cloments are by no means uncommon Phol and Wod in rodo to tho wood \\\ here Phnl s foal stritned Its foot Then Sinthiçunt sang a charm and the Sun her sister, Then Mira sinp a charm nnd \ olle hor sister 1 lien \\\ oelan sane a chirm as well he could, Over strain of bone and blood and limb t Bone to bone blood to blood Limb to limb be Joined as erowhilc» How many Teutonic lands possess this spell tn a modern for«, with Jesus substituted for the heathen deity { I shall quote the ono with which wa are familiar in Scotland , not because it is the closest copy-on the contrary, it is niui-h abridged and otherwise altered but becauso it romos from our own kith and km. The Lord rid and the foal slid He liRhtcd and he rlphtcd Set joint to joint «mow to sinew, hane to bano, But in the Utily Ghost s name Wo need not wonder, in view of thiB transposition, that m an Anglo-Saxon charm of this kind the Earth Goddess is invoked in the same breath with God and Christ I shall cite two others for the Bake of fuller illustration. The one is called from the píaos of its discovery, the dog-blessing of Vienna Christ was born ere there was wolf or thief, and then Christ's shepherd was St. Martin (so far the narrative introduction then follows the invocation), " Holy Christ and S>t Martin deign to watch to-day over the hounds and brache that notther wolf nor she-wolfe be their scathe, whereso they wander on way or wood or heath, Holy Christ and St. Martin bring "me them this day all safe home again " Here the form proclaims the old heathen oharm, and, further, we mav note that St. Martin often takes the place of Wodan in the perverted mythology of Chris- tianity , here his function Boorning the oongenial one of overmastering the hurtful wohes. But already the beginning of a obange in the construction may be observed the narrative preface is eut down, the invocation for aid is expanded 1 his tendenoy inoreaaes till m some of the later Christian charms the introduc- tion is entirely rejected, and the distortion otherwise carried to great lengths, lae last one 1 shall quote shows this malformation at its woral, though even It does not utterly belie the stock from whioh it came The monks of Lorsch used to pronounce it when the boos «ere swarming from the hives of the cloister garden. " Oh Christ I tho swarm Is out Now fly hither, thou my flock, bw eet tho peace that God dow guard. Home W hen Is whole orno for you Sit donn, nit down, lhou hec fat Marv bus hld it Have thou I>o fuilough 1 Fly not to the wood lhou Shalt not elude nor escape me. bit quite Still and do God's will " There Is certainly a difference between the old heátlmn warrior's spell for deliverance from bonds and this somewhat unctuous charm to coax back the bees But when the intermediate links are supplied the genealogy of the latter is not to be mistaken. 1 be third change, the transformation of gods into heroes of history or fairy tale need not long detain us, for hero the proof is equally conclusive and concise In the days of the so called Heptarchy all the royal houses derived themselves from Wodan, indeed, he only waa eligible for the crown who had the blood of \\\ odan in his veins, gene- rally others of the gods appearing in the ruyul pedi- grees as Wodan's sons (and, be It remarked, that our § resent Sovereign Lady fulfils this condition on evl ence a great deal better than is usually considered satiB lae tory at the herald's office). Well, when the country was Christianised, a difficulty presented itself. What was to be done with this divine ancestor F But the solution was simple He was converted into a mighty warrior who came from the East, and who, in his turn, was sprung from Japhet and Noah. So that Christianity, instead of destroying the courtly family-trees, completed them by carrying them back to Adam. In precisely the same way the baletul monsters of the legends, properly the seed of the giants, were traced back to the first murderer Cain. In very sim'lsr fashion the O E God Fná, better known under the northern form of his name Frey, and woo was also called Béaw, WSB identified with the Historical chieftain Béowalf, to whom his mythical exploits «ere made over, and in the O E Lplc of Beowalf we can still distinguish two sets of adven- tures, the contests with mortals which belong U the mortal man, the combata with waterfiends and fiery dragons that belong to the anoient god 1 hese illustra- tions will BulBce to show that the ancient deities were changed by Christianity into many new shapes, and promise us in exploiting our folk lore and literature, a rich kind of old myths if we but know what to look for. We would seem to need only a standard of comparison and criterion of truth that will help as to discoveries and proteot us from idle surmise. Now, in looking about for inoh a criterion, we must remember that English does not stand wholly by it- self, but is one of the great group of Teutonio lan- guages, all of whioh in their ancient forms are nearly as ofoselv connected with each other as the dialects of the language whioh we treat as one, and call Greek, and that even their differences are regulated by fixed law. We seo this (to take an instance very muoh to the point) in the names of the old gods, as preserved In place nomenclature, the days of the week, and other ancient frgaments. The English wodan is in» n. u. Wotan, the So. Odin; the English Thunor is the H. G. Donner, the So. Thor; the Eng- lish Tiu ia the H. G. Zio, the Se. Tyr, and so on. But relationship of language generally (at least in early times) implies relationship of culture as well. So if we use them with requisite caution fully weighing the opposite possibilities of Eastern and of independent growths, the acknowledged myths that one Teutonio language reoords may well help us to recognise the corresponding myths that lie hidden in another. Nor Is this all. In this group of languages (if wo leave out of account the distinction between the eastern and western Teutonio, which ia unimportant for our present purpose, bnt whioh does not interfere with what I am going to say), we cannot fail to note that Scandinavian and High German aro mutually the moat divergent, and that English conforms to a type which is in a manner central and intermediate betweea the two. Geographically, ¡tis allied »¡dialects whiohire spoken on a band of country that separates the Scandinavian from the High German territory ; and in original Btruoture and sound these dialects, English included, mediate between the two extremes and have affinities with each. Hence even though direct evidence fails us of an English myth, if the Scandinavians and High Germans agree in preserving it, the chances are that at one time it was common to English as well. For as a rule we can most plausibly explain the agreement of the divergent branches by supposing a firmer community of ownership, in which the central stook would also share. Bearing in mind, then, the relations of English and the other Teutonic literatures, we look abroad to the records of the old hoathenism whioh we cannot find at home. And so far as the mainland is concerned we look in vain. There the same causes were at work which brought about the suppres- sion of our own mythology, the rudeness of the worshippers, the carelessness of observers, the hostility of the missionaries ; and there, as with our- selves, it has.hnly survived in meagre fragments and in masquerade. For what we want we must go to distant Iceland, whose Scandinavian colonists have been pious and fortunate enough to keep intact a great store of their old beliefs. Their ciroumstances favoured them in this. Living BO far out of the world, Christianity did not reach them till the end of the tenth century, when the edge of its intolerance, at least for heathen- ism, was a good deal worn down. Then most of their religious teachers were themselves Icelanders, who sympathised with their countrymen's ideas and ways, and who brought home from abroad the art of writing, wherewith to preserve as well as the new doctrino, wherewith to destroy the faith of their fathers. And the remoteness from Europe still continued to give the old storios a chance of life, just because Ft made it difficult to replace them with new. I shall therefore proceed, with a clear conscience, to i summarise a few main tracts in the Icelandic stories, and then notice how far we may claim them for our- selves. But a brief sketch of this kind is bound in a certain way to be misleading. If it be intelligible at all it cannet avoid leading moro order and system into its material than aro actually thore. And this is due not merely to the ravages of time, to the corruptions and gaps in the MSB., to the loss of entire stories to which ' the existing ones refer and on which they dopend. It . Iles in the nature of the storios themselves. Even Greek mythology perplexes tho ntndent with the oon- | tradictory account it gives of the relationships and Sedigroes of the gods, but as compared with the Scan- j inavian It is clear and definite. The Northern cods are not only of inextricable genealogy, but they thcra oelvos, beside the gods of Olympus, aré mere 1 cloudy wraiths continually tending to lose firm i outline and pass into each other, to divide themselves and to unite again. One groat reason for the confusion in both religions lies in the circumstances of their origin, namely, that the gods were at first personifications of nature phenomena, and v. oro in- I vented as much in tho primitive scientific interest as to satisfy primitive religious needs, in other words, they were supposed to account for tho changes in the physi- cal world And this brings us to a third cause of derangement and confusion in the Eddas. There was a constant elaboration of these old nature myths till their original reference was a good deal lost sight of, and they became glorified beings, though in a less de- gree than the Hellenic deities, with the moral and mental endowments of men. But in tho Edda fragments the different strata of development are all jumbled together, and side by side with bits of crude nature worship we find beliefs as spiritual as any in heathenism. Many of the ideas that we find here are tho same in kind, almost the same in form, though perhaps of a slightly more advanced stage, as those that prevail among savages. Such are the myths of tho creation of the world, of tho disappearance of tho moon by day and tho sun by night, of the frequent metamorphosis of tho gods. So too, then, are traces of ancestor worship, and the term for god, Aus in Gothic, As in Icelandic, Os in English, is plausibly derived from tho root that occurs in the Latin Animus. According to our theory, though there are difficulties in tho way of it, Wodan's own name is related to the Latin Vates, in which case he would be as it were the apotheosis of the medicine man But such conceptions are relics and survivals they do not furnish what is distinctive in northern religion For the characteristic beginnings of that we must rather go to tho so-called solar myth, tho personified account of the relations of sun anti earth I am aware that this theory has been much derided of late, and not unreasonably so, for its advocates have monotonously harped on it, explaining all myths whatever from tho conflict of light and darkness, of sun and cloud, as though, to quote Mr Symmonds, our ancestors "with horrible iteration talked of nothing but the weather ! " But, avoiding such exaggeration, one may rather put the matter thus : Among tho nature phenomena to be interpreted, half in a religious, half in a scientific sense, those that were common, recurrent and regular, seemed to our ancestors—who, you must remember, were not civilised enough to got enraptured over Siamese twins or dogheaded men—especially de serving of wonder, worship, and explanation. The succession of seed-time and harvest, of cold and warmth, mutual wrath of thunderstorm and frost giant, tho wooing of the ice-bound earth by the young ardent sun such were the natural facts that specially drew the attention of the Northman, and that he humanised in his myths It scorns to me impossible to doubt this, in view of the names and adventures of many of the agents It certainly does not account for all or nearly all the stones, this is not the exclusive theme of the myths, but it is the prerogative one, and from it the rest derive their peculiar colouring For while other mythologies are said to have been occupied rather with the cycle of changes shown in the day, that of the Scandinavians preferred to look at the struggle of summer and winter. And perhaps because from the outset it re ferred to this longer period, it soon received an exten- sion of meaning and was applied to the revolution not of an earthly but of a mundane year—of a seculum that began with the birth and was to end with the death of tho universe. Now is the day, tho summer of tho world, buttha night cometh, when all that is shall perish. Thus we get the idea of world-destruction that makes the Northern mythology so strange, and pathetic, and, following in its wake, it soon brought that other idea that is even more startling and unique Tho universal night, the works of the world, the end of all, was conceived, not as a mere state in the mechanical rotation of things, but as a righteous doom, a conse- quence of sin, a punishment for tho transgressions of the gods. In the beginning there was no world, but a yawning abyss, tho gulf of gulfs To the south and the north of it lay Muspellsheim, the abode of fire, and Niflheim, the abode of mist and cold. Out of the latter flowed Hoergelmir, the roaring torrent, whoso cold waters froze as they plunged into the charm, and layer alter layer of ice being thus formed, at last the upper surface was warmed by the fiery sparks from Muspellsheim. From tho softened ice arose the un- wieldy figure of a man, huge as the world that was to be, the father of all the giant race. Meantime, a cow came up on the ice, and licking the salt blocks, in the third day shaped the second figure of a man, who became the father of the gods. God and giant each produced a motherless progenv, and the god's son married one of the giant's daughters. In all this we see that there waa no original antagonism between the two families Thev wore alike in being great natural forces. Their opposition lay in this, that generally the gods represented such powers m their beneficent, the giants such powers in their unfriendly aspect And soon tho opposition disclosed itself. The first giant slow the first god, and the first exploit of tho younger gods with Odin at their head was to avenge the murder and slay the giant. In his blood all his race were drowned, save one, who like Noah, escaped from this deluge , but, not like Noah, to become the father of a more pious race. Rather he preserved the line which should destroy both gods and men Mean- while, from the remains of the dead giant, the gods fashioned the world, the cosmos, as it now is, and the whole system of nature is henceforth repre- sented under the name of Yggdrasill, the wondrous art, best and greatest of trees It has three roots, each nourished by sacred springs. The first of them is bv the abodes of Urd, where the three horns or fates are sitting named after the past, the now, the shall be, and weaving the weerds or destinies of men. The second is by the springs of older wisdom where the giants dwell. And the third is over Nillheim, where below roars Hoergelmir, the stream whence all that is has come ; this is the house of Hal, the queen of the dead. The tree-top is in Asgard, the city of the gods, approached by the trembling arch of the rainbow, or, according to the older myth, by the broad white road of the Milky Way. Evil things devour the foliage of the tree and gnaw at its roots, whioh the horns daily wash with the holy water of Urd to give them new life and vigour. But the time shall come when its leaves will fade, and the sacred ash sink baok into Hoergelmir In this universe that they had framed the gods now dwelt in labour and in rest. Odin, from his lofty air throne, saw all that passed in the world of men and giants and dwarfs, and his ravens bronght him tidings of what bad been and what should be. On quitting his heavenly station he mingled in the affairs of earth, wandering everywhere, an unwearied stranger, ques- tioning and teaching as he passed along, and many stories are told of the naas he ran and the sacrifices he made in his quest for wisdom. In one of the oldest and strongest he Is represented BB hanging on Yggdrasill over the abyss to leam Its secrets. In the Lay of the High One he tells this of himself.-" I mind me hanging on the gallows tree, wounded with the shear, offered to Woden, myself to myself, 0,1 the tree whose roots no man knoweth. They gave me no loaf, they held no horn to me I peered down, I caught up the mysteries with a cry, then I descended" The resemblance here to some traits in the story of the crucifixion is not to be explained on the theory that they were borrowed. For the poem is a very old one, indeed one of the few that were composed in Norway Nor were the other gods behind in journeys and labours to protect mankind and overthrow the Jotuns, as the giants were called On feot, or in their charlot«, or olad in their feather coats, like eagle or falcon, they made raid after raid on Jótunholm, the realm of frost and snow Of Thor, especially, many tales are told-how the giants quail at his presence , how he is protected by a giantess and wins from her husband the costly goblet, how in Glantland he met a giant so huge that he slept in his roomy glove, and who even llkeas the thunder blows that Thor deals him with his hammer to droppings from the furies. And from these ad- ventures the iEsir gods returned to Asgard to sit peacefully on the grass and handle the golden tables But to this golden age there waa an end, and tho Eddas obsourely hint al a fall of the goda as fatal as the Biblical fall of man In ono of tho most ancient lavs, also one of the few composed before the settlement in Britain, Odin is roundly taxed with perjury, and the question is asked, " How shall his good faith be trusted any more ?" Another song, " The Sybil's Prophecy," gives a different account, and declares " Three giant daughters ¡oame from the giant's home, and there was an end of all happiness , the greed for gold awoke, murder became known in the world, the gods themselves broke treaties The vounger Edda givoB one instance of suoh breach of compact. A giant, disguised as a smith, offered to build a wall round their oity in three years if they would give him Frey] a, the summer gtddess, as his wage Loki, one of tho Aesir, who generally delighted in misohief, persuaded them to consent if the time Bhould be shortened from three years to six months To this the giant agreed on condition that he should have the help of his horse, »wadilfare, tho slippery farer or post, and, again, at the instigation of Loki the gods gave their consent öoon thev saw to their horror, and oach day moro certainly, that the work would be ready in time For the smith dtd wonders m building, and his horse a half again as much as he At last, three days before the six months were to expire, they callod Loki into their midst, and told him that he should d10 if the goddesB had to be surrendered Then Loki was afraid, and planned how he might deceive the giant And when the smith and his horse carno the next morn- ing to their work, Loki, in tho shape of a strange stood, came out of the wood, and galloped post them whinnying Immediately Swadilfare wished to join his now com- panion, and broke his traces to pursue it And when the giant had tried in vam to recapture his horso be burst into a furious passion Trom it the gods saw ovidontly that he was a giant, and sent for 1 hor whe waB absent in his eastern lourney I he thunder-god, armed with his hammer, hastened homo, and for wagos gave himl not r-»via but a blow that struck his head to fragments Thu story is sometimes explained as j referring to the break up of the ice in the stormy stormB, but if so, its original reference is 1 quite forgotten It is taken simply as one of the cases in whioh the gods, though the 1 guardians were guilty of faithlessness end fraud Other myths, divorced from their old oonneotion with the year become dark forecasts of their impending tate 1 obi, to purchase hi lfedom from a giant, deliver, to him the gieen-ciadgoadoss Hun, wita her apples of youth. Sho is, indeed, restored, but during her absence tho gods becomo old aid grey. Frey, the summer sun, gives up his sword (his beams) to , I obtain to wifo Geida, tho ourth, daughter of the giants | Or%innllj, ho was bound todo this to fructify tho i earth , but now ho is usl>ed, " How wilt thou unarmed lmt«t Suth al the dev of di oin Y " Hie wlulo Balder, bughtest and fnirest of tho \esir, dreams bad dreams, and the gods tako council how thoy may av ert tho ovil that thev foresee is threatening him. All created thingB swear not to injure him, al save a twig of nustlotoo that aeems too small and weak Then tho gods feol comforted, and hurl thoir javelins at Balder, rojoicing when nothing can injure bim. But Loki found out the secret of tho mistletoe, nnd fashioning it to a durr, brought it to tho blind god Hod, »ho WUB standing apart from the rost "Whv doBt thou not shoot at Balder y " ho asked him Hod answered, " Becauso I seo not whero Balder is, and, moroov or, bceauao I um weaponless " T lion said Loki, " Do thou like tho rest, nnd show Bolder honour liko tho others. I will show th°o where ho stands shoot this wand at hliu " Hod complies, und Balder falls dead to the earth This was the greatest woo that lias over happenod to gods or mon Iho Acsir aro fernbed nnd Odin sends kermnd to llcl, in hor kingdom of tho dead, to find if bj nny anv means ho can recover his lost sou liol answered, "If all things m the world, dead and alive, bewail him then he ahull return to tho ?Veair, but live with Ho) if anj refuses and will not weep" Ihm tho gods sent out messengers all creu tion w opt, the dw at fs, tho giants, the v cry stones Hut when thev wero eoining home they found a giant-wifo sitting in a cave who denied hor tear« lins giantess has reiillv Loki The strnngo piirt which Loki plays can hnrdlj nowndnvs bo explained 1 hough one of the Aesfr ho platrtips the gods seduces thom, mocka the m at (ho last duv steors the bo it in which their dei-tn vers como But it was not till lato that ho was considered w holly bud In somo of tho eldest until» ho is not quito corrupt, but wanders about, tho HWorn brother of Odin, and recovers Ihor's hammer, which tho grants have seized Now, how over, ho is an outcast from Heaven, tho gods pursue him to his hiding-place, bind huu on three rocks, like another Luceladus, and got a serpent above his head, from whoHO fangs venom continuallv drips His wife cati lies the drops in a cup, but whenever It becomes full and overflows, Loki writhes in ngonv, and in the world is earthquake *. giant-wife had borno him three children , Uel, half fox, half maiden , Ntwri, the wolf and a monstrous snuko. On, wandering eve 7 whero, a restlos» stranger, heard thut thov would do much ovil to the raco of gods So he had thrown Ht 1 down to Nidheim to rulo over the dead. The »nuke he bud cast into the sea to oncirclo the earth everlastinglv lbo wolf Newn ho kopt nwhilo in heaven, but it grow so strong and floreo that the gods had to bmd it fast with a magic chain At the list du) it will bcBt ils fotters, and in tho great list bsttlo dovour On, the father of al) With this final struggle of the gods wies connected tho belief in a future life Horoes who die m the tight, the Emherjar, the mntehless warriors, are brought bj the \ iilkvnur, the maidens of the buttle, the choosers of tho slain to tho Y ulbulla, the hull of the chosen, whore Odin dwells In that hall, rooled with shields und hung with shields ho fea-ts them with mead from the udders of the sacred goat and the flesh of the sacred boar At the end of the world thev follow Odin to the war placa to aid linn and to perish with hmi there But ni t only can men hi In the gods at tbooud they can also postpone that ond 1 ho ship in w hich the evil powers cunio sailing from the under-world is built of the nails of doad mon lhercforo it ia a universal dutv to seo that tlio nailB of corpses are clipped Only when mon in tboir growing eorruption ueglect eveu such offices of pietv to tho dead will tho ruin of the world eiiHuo So w it h the first token of tho beginning or that end, the disappearance of sun and moon I wo wolves, who have fed on murdered men, have Ween chne-ing thuin since, the foundation of the world In 'wind time wolf time, ero the world wrecks," the heaps of camon feed them as thev never woro fed before and thus thov, ton, gain the strengt h to ovcrtako their proy onlj through the demoralization of men MtBT this there ia n winter of three vear» lh»n from south and east como lire and smoke , 1 oki, who ha» burst his bonds, and ta v. art, the duskv giant, loading tho orogeny of Muehillsheim Joined bv Peenri aud tbo great suako, thev await, na it wero, on tho plains of Armageddon, the coiinnir of the Aesir and the Emherjar In tho tembló last battle, tho hostilo hosts dostroy and are destroyed. God by god falls dead, slaughtering his slaver, till tit last Ihor, dealing a death- stroke to tho mighty snake, is poisoned in its stream ot venomous blood His fall is signal for the end As ho sinks down, flames aro hurled over the world burning, it plunges into the ubvss But out of the ruin arise new heaveu» and a non earth, possessed bj gods, old and voting Among thom we nouco such as aro avengers, liko tbo silent god who killed the murderer of Odin, and victime like Balder and his innocent assassin and these are joined bv tho sons of I hor and one who is only called the Miirlity God i or the reign of jUBtico and innocence has recommenced, to be main- tained with power Ihov fiud again tho golden tablos, and tho golden ago returns, potters of wrong and sinful gods havo alike perished m this purification bv fire On Ij, as though tho Northern mind could not imagine a state of pcrfoet bltvs, wo are led, in the last passage of this vision of the bettor world, to understand that again evil shall awako and tho weary ejelo begin anew. Sueh, then, is tiro Northern"Mjthology, taken in the lump , and the question is, how much of it may we claim for the English J Wo mav, to begin with, look among our own stores for uny traces of the geography or general conception of tho universe vnd it is impossiblo not to notice that manv descriptions of Ygg-dramll, the world-treo, aro used for the cross, this may have been all the easier .wing to the Northorn myth which describen Odm sus- pended on the ash above the abyss At any rate, cruci- fixion was a punishment unknown to our ancestors, and their ideas of it were very hazy, Lut on the whole they identified it with hanging Hence thov treated the cross as one of their own gallows troon, but longer and more portentous, and without misgiving applied to it the epithets of the sacred ash, " the wondrous tree," " best and greatest of treos " Alciun, tho famous, English theologian of the ninth century, or a contemporary wnttug m his style, goes further Wishing to portray the Holy Rood in detail he savs -" Now this cross hath it it a great mystery, whose place is such that its highor part seeks the heavens, its lower ia fast m the earth, its root grasps the foundrtions of hell, and its width ex- tends to the quarters of the world " Poems of a later date contain the same traits, some suggesting even more closely Ygg-drasill, with ita world-wide branches and triple root. 4gam, an Anglo-Saxon word for the earth was middan-geard, which survives in our bastard poetical form, middle-earth But it did not mean middle-earth, but middle-yard or midmost_dwelling, and corresponds to the northern midgard ino abode of men was BO called because it was surrounded bv the great sea, and beyond that by the out) ard, the home of the giants, while at its own contre but high aloft in the heav ens w us Asgard tho city of the gods You remember, that city was approached by the rain- bow, or, in the older myth, by the Mukj Wav YVe have a curious indication tout it was the older version which we possessed One of the four great ltoman,roads which the English invaders found in Britain thev called YVatbng street, or rither the street of tho VVaethngs, but who or what the YVaetlmgs were thoy do not say No v, Chaucer tells us that in bis dev men were in the habit of culling tho Milky YY ay YVatling Street, and one s first idea ia that they morely transferred to the path lu the heavens the numo of a familiar earthly road But most likoly the chungo is tho othor way about, for Walling Street was a common term for the Milkv YVay, ni t only among the English but the Scotrh and how did tho latter got hold of it F I ho truth n that NVuetling, «eeordmg to the most plausible explanation, means spirit und \Yatling Street would thoreforo moan tho wuy of tho spinU If the Milky YVay, leading to the City of tho Gods, wore known under somo such description, wo can understand how the rude Englishmen when thej first saw the well-made Roman street and contrasted it with tho tracks and paths through their own torests, would think it mag- nificent as the colestial road and would give it the same name Most of the denizens of tho Northern universe have also a place in the English Many of the gods appear not only under practically tho same names, as wo seo from the days of the week and the royal genealogies but with the same attributes Thus the boar WUB tho animal sacred to Frey, now ho w as the tutelarv deity of tho Lnglish and thoy never failed to wear the likoness of a boat's head on their bolmets, so that in Anglo-Saxon holmot and swmo-image are interchangeable terms Dwarfs and elves, too, were quite at home in England, and still survive in local superstitions More important are the giants, and though with us Greek m name, they are Teutonio in nature Indeed, in Anglo- Saxon tho word for giant is "Loton," like the horse "Jotun," and the Scotch story of Red Ltin keeps it as a proper noun In the English giant stones, we easily recognise a good many of Inor's adventures The Northern giant described tho blows of the hammer as droppings from the twigs, and an English giant uses the same simile when milMonos aro roiled down on his head. So, too, Tom Thumb in tho farmer's glovo recalls Thor in the giant's glove Thor was entertained and concealed by the giant's wife just hh) the nursery hero, Jack of the Beanstalk That the English gods and giants, like their Northern cousins, flow to their raids in the Jgarb of birds, may, I think, bo inferred from a passage in the old poem on the " Fall of the Angels," falsely ascribed to Caedmon Ibero Lucifer asks his comrades if there is none "whu with his coat of feathers will fij " to spy out the state of Paradise, an idea that could not be got from the church legend Sometimes also the giants like tho gods are disguised, and appear as dovils You will remembor how tho Northern '. Jotun" bv building the walls of Aogar would have won Ireyja but for Lokt's stratagem witb the counterfeit horse This story is found in almost ovpry country where a Teuton has settled In its Utest and most corrupt version«, ' the devil is te build a house for a peasant and get his soul in exchange , but he must have done before tho cock crows else the peasant is free lhe work ia almost rendv, one tile alone is wanting to the roof when the peasant imitates the crowing of a cock, immediately eil the cooke in the neigh bourhood join in, and the fiend loses his wager " Now, we saw that this story was connected in some way with the tales of divine ruin Can we discover I anv thing of this further conception ? There aro, at least, a few hints ot it 1 ho god Baldor w as known to tho Fnglmh, his name oicura in one of tho royal gencalogits, «nil (ho Jetinie »»onion the CrunfKion, carved onthoKlithwoll Cros«, whieh has boon attributed to Caedmon, and is cortaiuh not lalor than C\ nowalf, scorns to transfer to tho death of Christ many incidents from tho death of tho hoathen deitj , thus referenco is made to tho flight of darts, though those aro unknown to tho Gospol narrativo, and after the death of Christ (as of Baldor), tho phrase occurs, " All creation wopt " Balder's death wai a precast of tho (ntl 11)o end itself was to bo usborod in bj a period callod tho " wolf ago " (as tho Greeks talked of an iron ngo), and distinguished from tho present timo as from tho " man ago " Now, tho modern English icorW is derived from tbo Anglo Sii7on wcorld. which properly signifies tho existing svstotn of thinas, and which literally moans the ag$ of man, a. form that seems to imply another ago. Tho first ovont m tho wolf apo to show that tho ond of dajs was near, was to bo tho destruction of tho moon by the pursuing wolf Now, throughout 1 en- torno Europo tbero nro soveral sayings that rofor to this thus the Biirgtindmns muds light of an emptj threat bj cxcliiiimug lrnnicallv, ' God keep the moon from tho wolf," meaning 'that menace will not bo fulfilled before the ond of tho world " 1 iirtber wo sa» that at tho final battle Odin is nceompamed by the Einherjar, tbo matchless warriors siam in fight, whom the \alk>ntii, tho choosers of the siam, tho goddess of war, havo brought to tho "\ allhalla, tho hall of tho chobon Lath of theo ideas baa lett traces in English Iho ordinary woid for the eorpso of a slaughtered man IB 'wael" the same as tho low-land Scotch wale probably meaning "chineo" Iho word for battlesfield waa waeltow, tho placo of choosing Iho Aalkvnur themselves wore know by tho samt name, " waolcjngcn," though in the documents that come doun to us, b> a degradation tint wo might expect, waelcvriL,o ia equivalent to sorceress But that li once had its higher senso ia proved by the fragment of an old invocation addressed bv a warrior to tho wiielcj rit_,m as coutiollors of the fight ' btoop to me, women of victorv, 11) never into the wood, Care for mr safety this day a« all, Care for lood and f ithcrland ' lu tho Anglo-Saxon description of Heaven, "noblest of meadows " where eomes not sin or anv gnof thore is littlo to recall thorough rovelrj of Asgard Never thele«B there is a reminiscence of tho oldi r belief m ono poem where heaven is called SeiHbiog tho citv of shields I neod hardlj say there is no foundation for this in Christian tradition, but \ou will remember that tho Walhalla was rooted md hnn< with warriors'shields, and only if wo presupposo nn English Waolhell, can we oxplain tbo term As to the fin ii battle itself thoro are hints of it m Lnglimd, but it has loft moro nnniis takeablo traces in Germanv A Bavarian poem on tho end of the world is called Muspilli, a name which cannot fail to suggest Muspellsheuu and tho sons of Muspcll, that home of fire and pngony of fire whence tho destruction of tho gods 6hould proceed This pocui represent« Elias and Antichrist engaged in mortal duel When tho blood of tho sluughtoipd 1 has touches the earth, tho final rnnrlagratton takes t lace Hist as in tho Tddu, tho dostructiou of Thor bj tho great snnko is the | signal for tho end UeFpito a largo adnnxturo of i church legend thore aro hi re some mv thicul tunta tho thundor-god is indeed often identifica with Piljah and not only Satan but Antichrist ia sometimes spoken ni as the old percent Other ludieatiens show that the idea of YY odun's lost fight and his nrrav of slain war n r3 was a familiar one Amor) of St Oswald whoso namo litorullj means ' rulirof the god»," roprosents the saint aa accompanied bv \\\'nd»n'» bird, the raven, and having to do with an nrmv raised from tho dend And even Hobin Hood nnd his merry men have a moro leMtimuto connection willi ABgsid than with Sherwood It would luke too long to truco this connection in detail, so I skill confine mji-clf toa moro obvious continental nxamplo In tho Lnterberg, near Salzburg tho Lmooror Charlo» tho 1 ilth (tho karl quint) is auld to be confined-a strange idea when wo consider how recontly the great rival of 1 raucia, tho great opponent of Luther pluved his purt in history But a vurving version shows how tho story arose for hero tho per- sonage in question is another greater karl, tho mighty Chailomsgne And a third vernon culls him Frederick Barbarossa 1 lirra, at un> ralo ho sir« with his beard growing round tho table , wher it has circled it thrice Antichrist shall appear tho Emperor hangs his whito shield on a tree, a bloodv battl» is foaglit, tho last of da) s has come. This story is vor) instruc- tive Notice how tho same old lopond is snccessivelv applied to different historical characters who happen nt different times to bulk largely in the public ovo. If Charles Y succeeds Barbarossa as nero, and Barba- rossa succeeds Cbuilemagne, wo may expect to trace the atorv further back atill Now, we know that Barba- rossa and Charloinagno soon bocatno half-fabulous persons, so much wero they lovod, and so many old myths did thev attract to thomsolves The references to tho last battlo and to Antichrist seem to hint that onginallv the expectant warrior was none other than YY uotau-who, indeed, in tho Edda is sometimes called karl, the old mun That ho should bo shifted from the air-throno of Asgard to the recesses of a mountain is tho sort of change that Christianity would make in its view of the gods as sub- terranean powers and we find it «leo in the case of the summer goddess, who holds her court in the lionel berg Elsowhoio tho w atrinchero ia associated with the ravens, YVodan's birds From those mstancos, wo may conclude that the English and the Teuton shared manv beliefs with tho Scandinavians of Iceland. How fur tho community of ownership went it is less easy to say You may remember, however, mv account of tho N orthern BJ stem os showing successive strati of develop- ment the original nature worship gradually becoming dominated by tno voar-mvth, that producing the doc- trine of world-destruction, that again being glossed by tho theory of dooms guilt, and loading finally to the idea of a restitution of all things YVo may bo certain thal the English shared in tho original nature worship, and did not share m the culminating doctrine-which may woll be a Christian interpolation As to the inter- mediate stages, it seems pretty evident that our fathers were familiar with tho idea of world destruction that they bad explained it as resulting from the sins of the gods is not improbable, but is not proved On tho motions of Mr A J XELÏNACK, B A , and Mr Vt. A WALKER, heartv votes of thanks were aecordrd by acclamation to Professor Maccallum for his able lecture, and to Sir YVilham Manning for presiding. -M^_-1-------------------) 