UNDER THE VERANDAH. Why should an allegation that a man was minister of religion bo calculated to do him " great harm ? " In tho Williamstown election case Mr. A G. M'Intyre, the counsel for the si', ting member, Mr. Carter, 'argued that the stni.' monts that his client was both a minister of religion and au uncertificated insolvent wera calculated to act most injuriously ou hi, character, and he demanded, as a matter of common fairness, that they should cither be substantiated or withdrawn. Tlie petitioner then appeared to become alive to the slur he had cast upon Sir. Carter, and he with- drew both tlie charges in tho hamUoract manner. Tho sitting member is thin elieved from tho aspersions oast upon him, ami is now able to put his hand upon his breast and declare that even liis bitterest enemy dora not accuse him of being a fellow criminal with Drs, Goe, Garr, Rentoul or Strong. While it may he satisfactory to Mr. Carter to have his rcputa" tion thus rehabilitated, tlio general public will probably ask with surprise why tho rninistra- tion of religion is coupled with insolvency as aa accusation likely to do a man "great harm.3 Tlioro is nothing intrinsically wrong in a raaa being n clergyman. In general estimation, perhaps, it may bo asserted that a cleigymau stands quito as high as a member of Parliament aud there is certainly nothing iu the clerical profession to warrant Mr. M'Intyre in placin' its professors on the same level with uncer tificated insolvents. There have, indeed, been stirring times in tho history of the colony when a jury influenced by party feeling would have given damages to a man who claimed that be was libelled by being called a member of Par. liamcnt, but there never yet was a mad politi cal jury who would liavo found it actionable to call a man a priest or parson. Still, although we may not bo ablo to seo where the offensive- ncss of tho imputation lies, it is pleasant to know that wc have a member of Parliament who feels a stain like a wound, aud who hi! such an exalted idea of his position that it dorr him "great harm" to class him witli minister! of roiigion. Mr. Henniltcr Hcaton is au advertiser quits as skilful in his way as Sir. Nat. Lovi, and one of his successes is that ho is never spoken of, even by papers that laugh at his abounding cheek in posing as the " member for Australia," without his Christian name being given in full Wliy is lie always "Hcmiiker"? I could understand it if there wcro another Henton running him in the race for fnme ; hut as far as wc know on this side of the world Ilcnniker is the only Qeaton known in politics. Vet Hen- nikcr Hcaton ho is in tho telegrams from home, in tho correspondence of tho different papcts from London, and in all the notices that this Pear's Soap mcrabor of Parliament manages to get in one sliapo or another into the home and colonial press. I was amused, in reading tlio report of his passage of arms with the Im perial Postmaster-Genoral, that lie was spoken of as Mr. Hciinikcr Hcaton, while tlie Cabinet Minister was merely Mr. Baikos. Nineteen colonial readers out of every 20 could not give, without looking up a book of reference, Mr. Raikcs's Christian name ; white, on the other baud, wo would want to know who Hcaton was without tho Honniker j which eIiows what a wonderful effect is produced by skilful and systematic advertising. There are some men who are never known, excopt to their families, by tlicrr Christian names, whilo there aro others who would never he known without. This, of course, is natural with the Smith family. Unless wc lmd such a prefix as L.L., W.C., J.T., G.P. or R3- Smith would bo little better man a noun, and this, no doubt, is tlio reason whys Smiths are given two - names. Some Smiths seek tho assistance of a second name instea' o a double initial, as Murray has succeeded in do ing, and as G.P. fought hard for. But W should a second name bo given w there is no chanco of a mistake m ono? Berry or Gray required nothing to dis tinguish them from other members of its family, for there was 110 ono else of the nnmen politics ; but we got so used to tha>' uamu that wo could not have told who u'-vs rn unless we heard of Graham Berry or 1 " Gray. Everyone can give instances amon0 friends of men whoso names arc thus nop catcd, and of others who might not have"! Christian namo for all tlio good it docs theft I supposo the explanation is that some i n run together better than others, and in mysterious way catch tho ear better, has a better reason I will bo hapP) 0 It in a remarkable thing that religions pall cations nro tho only ones that at fringe tlio law of copyright. YYo base American religious work called ba mcnt.Vocs it End Death? winch l stuck up at tlio Custom House o Url. number of pirated prints as part oi tious. In tills caso tho gifted an > bytorian clergyman whoso name u should liavo woitcd till tho death right, and so have avoided the fat J meat of his books « piracy. It is i » in aiiimli damn this offence very strong ly vidual American. According o canons of morality stealing is if Amorican edition of tlio ten coinu . . tho victim is either an au her art. rt « lislicr, and what everyone about him tlioro could bo 110 harm m his do'"s; bHiierq would there, except to the if this Presbyterian divme had as old (t| colony. Wc aro .quite as Americans in many things, hut a (or tl, taken to amending tho Decaloguo :aJ promotion of religious literature. A> divines, please note. . rectatff Tho Chancellor of the Excl q called attention to tho fact t mt uio,,o utf aud tho staff commander of tl'c.,cJ outtld Irishmen. Ho might also have i the two men in tho united servic ? Moved by their men and of whom England has tho highest liopes aro Irish— Wolsoloy and Bercsford. Indeed, it would have been an easy matter to hnvo named scores, or even hundreds, of I--'"""" who have distinguished themselves during tho century under the Union Jack, from Wellington to tho captain of the Calliope. But ; 0J all of those, as well as of Irishmen who have distinguished themselves in other positions under the State, how many are there who would support Home Rule in its most modified form ? Indeed, of all opponents of disunion, nono aro so determined as tho Irish of the Wolscley nnd Bercsford type, for they know what an Ireland ruled over by Fenians and Clan-na-Gnel patriots would be. A singular criticism was passed on tho Gordon statue by a tram passenger who sat beside mo this week. "They havo put that there statoo op," said he, "as somethin' for the young men of 'Melbourne to work up to. Now, I tell you, it won't do. I know the young men of Mel bourne as well as anybody, and that statoo will never do 110 good to no one. It ain't in reason. Just look at tho statoo's pants, and seo how they bag. Do you think it in naturo that young men will dross up to pants like them ? Pants ain't worn as tight as they was, but just fancy a bank clerk or a gent from n lawyer's hoflice walking down Collins-street such ft holy show as thein baggy things would make him ! If they had asked mo before tho statoo was done, I'd have given them ft fit that tho General himself would havo been proud of if ho could havo seen it. 'Ave ft card, sir?" and the loquacious passenger liaudcd mo ono containing the information that he was a "merchant tailor." And, really, from a tailor's point of view, the criticism was a very fair one. An animated discussion was carried on a few evenings ago by a number of gentlomon as to the proper pronunciation of tho name of the great Protector. Tho majority wero in favor of pronouncing tho word as it is spelt — " Crom well, "but a considerable minority, of whom I was one, declared that it should bo " Crumwell. " At the time tho only authority that eould bo thought of was the line in tho Groves of Blarney, where it says that " Oliver Cromwell he did her pommel," showing how the gifted ! author of that classic poem pronounced the name. I had a recollection of reading some where that the cavaliers used in their festive moments to show their contempt of the Pro- . tector by swallowing a crumb of bread, and i saying " Here's to ft crumb well down !" but I was unablo to say where I f read it. Perhaps some friend may assist mo ? ) I havo since seen tho following passage in Carlyle's biography of the Protector: — "The i small hamlet and parish church of Cromwell or Crumwell (tho "Well of Crum) still stands on tho eastora edge of Nottinghamshire. From > this, without any ghost to teach us, wo can understand that tho Cromwell kindred all got their name." This ought to be sufficient, but my opponents— mostly graduates of tho Melbourne University — aro obstinate men, and refuse to bo convinced. I shall gratefully receive and thank- fully acknowledge any fresh light that can be I thrown on the point. j I stepped into a Salvation Army barracks A a few evenings ago and heard part of an :> address that struck mo as forcible. "Make sure, my friends," said tho sergeant on tho platform, "that your tickets arc right, and that you know where you aro going j to. There's many u traveller now 011 the J great ran of life hurrying along in a first class carriage, and cook sure that when the , train pulls up at last ho will find himself lauded ; safely at tho gates of glory. He wraps lumsolf comfortably up in his rugs, pulls his cap over , ms ears, smokes his cigar, reads his paper, and \- thinks he has notiiing to do but to wait in com- fort for liU arrival at tho Happy Land. Tho whistle sounds to warn him that he is coming . to tho end of his journey, but ho suspects lo'huig wrong and goes on smoking Irs cigar .. and reading liis papers. The air gets hotter and ,r' nnd there is a sulphurous smell in tho '# ®03l'berc. ' In another minute,' tile poor clf3 passenger says to himself, witli a 'I C) shall ho witli all tho dear ones that ; I nave gone bofore, and my pleasant journey will t c 01 er. And ho collects his little worldly vj f . 8,1,1 l,uts thorn in order nnd waits for tho , tostop. -It Btops. A grisly head is put < 1 7? WmJmv' ana 'bo terror stricken wretch '"6 11—11 i'«aWU ""j110 shouted into his car of , . ' . " tho infernal porter shouted tho 4 uoro,ls'y as tho S. A. sergeant, it was 4 of 111 y enough to strike terror into the soul 01 anyone. j j, "thing under separate maintenance with « who h iW, W0«M satisfy an irate wife 1 Coilr. llcr husband up before tho Distriot t vX , ?Ck, husband offered to pro- buf com'ol'tilhlo homo if sho would return, 6,10 acoflfea at tho idea. " Ho bates mo, „ wor3lJ'Ps," said sho, for sho conducted hor v» and besides, I havo every ravaon to I „i , bo does'ut 'ado a moral lifo." " But 1 mi thhl!c that ?" asked tho chair- | ) I ' yonr worships," sho replied, Yvj Is not thn f ' knowlodgo and beliof, ho j I""1"10 of 1,1s last child." And yet | " ordlier " ovidono0 8,10 did not get an j ATTICUS. ' — — — 