TURF GOSSIP. Br Augub. This afternoon the lovere of racing residing near the metropolis will be invited by Mr, J. S. Jenkins to Mordialloc to assist at the Epsom Racing Club meeting, and if the day be fine the trip to the seaside will sorely be under taken by some thousands. The Epsom course and its enclosures surpass anything in the colony except Flemington, and as the pro prietor has issued an attractive programme, the sport will be well worth witnessing. From grand stand or lawn every featnre of a race can be Been without difficulty, and those who have never yet visited Epsnm should not miss the opportunity afforded them this afternoon. The day's fun will commence at 2 o'clock with a Hurdle Race, in which Ballnrat is top weight with 12st. lib., and the old fellow is in such form just now that there is no telling what he can do, but 1 doubt if he is quite eqnal to thiB occasion, and shall place them thus:— LOTTIE 1 GOODWOOD 2 WILLIE or KING BILLY ... 3 As the Warrsn Handicap will be run over six furlongs there should be a pretty fair field. Goldstream, if fit and well, ought to win, bnt perhaps he will be reserved for the Carium Handicap. The ancient Stafford has top weight, 9at 81b., and next to him come St. John, Rewi, Sommeil, Ernani, and Ernest, all good performers, and then Don Giovan, who, although still big and above himself, ran well for six furlongs at Caulfield, and with 8st 41b. he ought to have a show in such a race as this. So, too, should Lady Golightly at 8st. 31b. Of the others I like Prattler, Torpedo, and Propounder aa welt as any thing, and probably Mr. Woods will have to place them in something like the following order:— PRATTLER 1 DON GIOVAN 2 ERNEST or TORPEDO 3 Of the lotengagedin the Selling Race the beat undoubtedly are Alexandra, Autumn, Best Man, and Daystur, and as the stake is 200 sovs., probably some of these will put in an appearance, and 1 fancy the winner will ~~ ALEXANDRA or AUTUMN. Dividend heads the list for the Chute Handi cap, and as the company is not anything like first class he might have a chance. For a similar reason Epicurean ought to be worthy of respect, and Hogmanay, Ernani, Mic&wber;, and . Dayatar are all well in. Nor is Laalnnd badly treated at7sL 71b., and if The Pioneer be worth his oats he should have a show at 7st 71b. Winnie is nicely handicapped at 7st. 71b., and though Iris is raised 111b. upon the weight she carried to victory at Oakleigh park, she won so easily that I doubt if this extra impost will stop her. Grandee is a colt of whom I have always entertained a good opinion, and if started he will give a good account ot himself. When he was run on to the rails at Caulfield be was going aa well as anything, and with a little luck to-day he may pull through. True is let off rather lightly ; she has been on the shelf for awhile, and previous performances seem to have been forgotten. It she is in her old form, I shall look no further for the winner, but as Bhe may not yet be herself, I shall look to them to run as under IRIS 1 GRANDEE 2 DIVIDEND or EPICUREAN ... 3 In the Carrum Handicap Sommeil is on top with 9at, a weight which has also been allotted to his countryman Rewi Possibly the result will be GOLDSTREAM 1 DON GIOVAN 2 CROWN JEWEL 8 The pony question was considered at a meeting held at the Albion Hotel on Monday. There was an attendauce of about 60. Mr. J. Adams was voted to the chair, and, after considerable discussion, it " was agreed that a committee consisting of Messrs, W. 8. Lecky, James Robinson, J. Perry, T. Suruian, F. Swords, A, W. Bow man. W Kaye, R. Savior, F. Howell, and W» F. Yveila, sbonld be appointed to wait on the committe of the Victoria Racing Glob, and ask that body to modify their rules in bo far aB they affected pony racing, and to extend some consideration to pony racing men, by (1) reducing the minimum amount which must be given in stakes at a meeting held within 20 miles of Melbourne by one- half— that is, from £400 per day to £200. (2) Allow ing two raceB at each meeting of under five furlongs in length. (3) Allowing extra days for pony race meetings. The motion, that the committee of those present should be in structed to lay these points before the| V.R.C. committee was proposed by Mr. W. S. Lecky, and attcr some amendments had been discussed and disposed of, wae car ried unanimously. Tbe concessions which the meeting decided should be requested from the V.R.C. are in the interests ot ponies 14h. 2in. or under, and are not to apply to horses at all. Mr. T. Rennison, who was present, undertook, as a member of tbe V.R.C., to introduce the representatives of the meeting to the committee of the V.R.C., and the last named body will be asked to receive the com mittee appointed by the meeting on an early date. Mr. T. K Tat ham placed a motion before the meeting affirming that it was de sirable to establish a pony, galloway, and trotting association, which Bhould be inde pendent of the V.R.C., but Mr. Lecky, Mr. C. Rudings, and others said that very few persons would be found who would run under the auspices of the association rather than under those of the V.R.C., and the chairman and Mr. A. F. Bradshaw pointed out that if the proposed association held meetings in defiance of the I V.R.C., the trainers and owners of ponies which competed at such meetings, and all other horses they owned or trained would be disqualified from competing at any meetings held under the V.RC.'a rules. Mr. Tatham's motion was lost when put to the meeting. ' A subsequent proposal that the V.R.C. Bhould be requested to return to the former 10 miles radius as far as pony racing is concerned, was proposed, but was rejected by the meet ing. Tbe remains of poor Joe Morrison were conveyed to their last rcsting-plate on Satur day afternoon. Many racing men wiio would have been glad to have paid their respects to his memory by being present were prevented by their business compelling them to go to Oakleigh-park ; but, nevertheless, a large number of the deceased trainer's friends at tended his funeral, the line of vehicles being over a quarter of a mile long. The pall bearers were Messrs. YV. S. Cox, R M'Eennn, M. Byrne, A. Da vies, H. Brooks, and II. Sutton, all old friends of Morrison's. The body was interred in the Presbyterian portion of the Melbourne Cemetery, and many of those who took a last look at the coffin were visibly affected. The acceptances for the Caulfield Cup are not so numerous as last year, the numbers being 70 against 88. Yet amongst the nnn contents there are but lew who have been withdrawn with an eye to being reserved for the Melbourne Cup. Of course Carbine and Mentor are to be kept for the richer event ot the V.11.C., but Recall has been sold to go to India, and will leave in a week or two. Melos will be kept for the Cup, but I fancy Aristocrat is under a cloud, and it is well known that Mara pulled up lame a short time ago, and was at once scratched by Mr. Cook, who de serves the thanks of the public for his con sideration. Mara was one of the popular favourites, and I regret that her owner has been deprived of her services tor so impor tant a race, but 1 hope he has a worthy sub stitute in The Charmer. Of the top weights I like Cranbrook best, and now that Manton is doing well I suppose be must be marked "dangerous.' Notwithstanding all we have heard of Cuirassier and Corunna not coming to Aus tralia, I notice that both have been left in. Glancing down the list one cannot help being struck with the quality of the acceptors. There is scarcely a bad horse amongst the whole 7G, and to pick the winner from such a host of talent will be a difficult task indeed. Silverton, who is such a favourite for the | Melbourne Cup, is one of the contented lot, and at the same weight I notice Chetwynd, a horse who is very nicely handicapped. If the latter can stay, and I see no reason why he should not, Mr. YV. R. Wilson may have the pleasure of receiving the Caulfield Cup winner of 1889. But the more I analyse the weights the more bamboozled do I become. Upon paper it does not look a one-horse race this year, though, after all, it may prove so upon turf. Many an owner and trainer imagines he has a good thing on the strict Q T., but only one can win, and many of them will be disappointed when Mr. YY'akley pnts up the winning number. 1 shall wait nntii after the A.J.C. meeting has been dis posed of ere 1 venture a definite opinion. It was unfortunate for the proprietor of Oakleigh-park that the morning of Saturday last was showery, but nevertheless tbe attendance was pretty well up to the average, and I am glad to say that the railway arrange ments were better than usual. I cannot, however, understand why the railway plat form at Oakleigh-park should not be on the side nearest to the course; at present the passengers when landed have to cross tbe line. Since the last meeting Mr. Cullen has made several improvements, one of them being the planting of a large number of trees, which in time will afford ample shade for the visitors to Oakleigh-park. Mr. Cullen had some trouble with seveial bookmakers who ought to have shown a better example lie j had made up his mind not to allow anybody to bet unless they were either members of j certain clubs or had been registered by j the V.RC. : and, as the supervision of the ring would necessitate a good deal of expense, he asked each member ot the ring to pay half { a sovereign a day for the privilege of betting. I A great majority of the bookmakers paid j without a murmur, but three or four refused, and, as they wanted to bet in defiance ot the j proprietor, they were ejected. In America, upon all courses bookmakers are compelled to pay from £10 to £15 for tbe privilege of plying their calling, and this, too, when they have the totalisntor opposed to them. YYrhv any man should refuse to pay half a sovereign a day for the privilege 1 can not understand, especially when there is taken into consideration the fact that 6uch privilege is confined to members of certain clubs. Those who refuse are only making a rod for their own back9, for by their conduct they are most undoubtedly hastening the introduction of the instrument which is their bugbear. The aggrieved ones are talking of going to law, but this does not always pay, and they will find that there is a vast difference in tbe law as regards private property and public reserves. Mr. Cullen ought to have been readily assisted in bis de sire to purge Oakleigh-park of the welshing thieves who have been infesting the place, and the opposition of those who have en deavoured to thwart him in his laudable at tempt to protect the public as well as the reputable bookmakers was a most reprehensible act. Most of the members are gifted with a fair amount of intelligence, and they will only study their own interests if they, by every means in their power, assist the proprietors of racecourses in their en de&vout; to keep the ring as select as pos sible. There was some excellent racing daring the day, and one of the moBt interesting events was the first, the Sapling Stakes, be cause it introduced seveial rather promising juveniles. The Bud, who won very easily, is evidently a smart gelding, for he had his field in trouble from the fall of the liag, he being quickest upon bis legs, and racing while the others were thinking of it. Mr. Alfred Wat son, who wielded the starter's flag, was blamed for a bad start, but it was no fault of his, Beeing that he gave the word when they were pretty well in line; but white The Bud jumped away, others, being green, dwelt at the post. The Bud is one of Mr. W. Blackler'a Fulham-park youngsters, and is by Richmond from Camellia, by Joskin. He was once the property of the late Mr. Samuel MarLin, and at the sale of his horses was purchased by Mr. M. Jacobs for 125 guineas. It was thought by some people present that The Bud might have bloomed earlier in the season, for had he got off well in the V.A.T.C. Sapling Stakes, and been in the Bgme racing humour as on Saturday, Itiverina would not have had such an easy time of it. Wydgel, who ran second, is a sweet little filly by Newminstet from Noko, and though in difficulties pretty well all the way, ahe struggled on very gamely. Perhaps the most like a racehorse of the future was Vegetarian, a well-grown son of Goldsbrough and Artichoke, and 1 liked Elgiva and Newmistress, both of whom should win races. Minnie Necker. too, may some day shape better than she did on Satur day. The last-named trio were Blow at be ginning, but under any circumstances would not have had any show with'The Bud, whc gallops in rare style. Richmond was made a favourite for the Hurdle Race, but he never came anigh, his poor show being attributed to the state of tike ground, but Ballarat seemed to fairly revel in it, and he won easily. What an improved horse is Aristidea. He, too, Bhaped indifferently in the mud. The Selling Race produced a capital race between St. Albert and Clarendon, and the former, who won, went very cheap, I thought, at 40 guineas. Mr. S. Miller was not at all sweet upon the chance of Iris for the Oakleigh park Handicap, but she won with ridi culous ease, and as the followers of the stable backed ber for a few pounds only, the ring men had the best of the deal, and so they had in the Selling Hurdle Race, for which Fair Saxon was served up a red-hot favourite, but the brute was in one of his nasty humours, and finished last Iris, who won the Oakleigh-park Handicap, is a re markably well-bred (illy, for ahe is by King Tom from Coolyrie, by Panic from Seakale, by Ladykirk from Siucepan, the dam of Haricot, Irish Stew, Zambesi, Mercury, and Fryingpan, whose doings on the Victorian turf cannot have been forgotten by my readers. Britomarte's leg having stood the preparation Carslake has given her, the fol lowers of the stable put down the money pretty freely, and she landed the Austra lian Handicap comfortably. This filly is full sister to News lead, and should her auspicious leg stand, she will win many a race tor her lucky owner. As the 12 days allotted to proprietary race courses would not pay much more than the interest of the large sums of money expended, the proprietors have determined to insure themselves against loss by considerably in creasing the number of races at future meet ings. Another object that proprietors have in view is to provide stakes tor the owners of ponies, who, they consider, are entitled to some encouragement. It is to be regretted that the V.RC., in its attempt to reduce racing, did not adopt a medium course, instead of rushing to the other extreme. The extraordinary decision that there shall be no racing between the Saturday upon which the Grand National Hurdle Race is run and the following Saturday when the Grand National Steeplechase is decided meets with favour from no racing men but those who are on the committee, and even they are not unanimous, for some of them are strongly opposed to it. In the autumn it is only right that there should not be any suburban racing during the V.R.C. week, because breeders are entitled to some con sideration, and their sale days Bhould be re spected ; but there is no necessity whatever for making the Grand National week a close one, and in the not very distant future such legislation as this is sure to result in the formation of an association which will race independently of the V.ItC. A large majority of small owners never win at all at Caulfield or Flemington, and the fact of being debarred irom running there would not affect them in the slightest. They contend that the stakes won there are nearly always appropriated by a few with select stables, and the only chance of the poorer racing man obtaining a crumb of comfort is by winning a few races at suburban meetings. Of coarse there are many people who contend tiiat poor men should not have anything to do with racing ; but as it is now purely a business speculation with more than nine-tenths of them, I don't 6ee that the poor man commits a crime in endeavouring to get on terms with his richer and more fortunate neighbour. Sydney Tattersall's had a very successful meeting on Saturday, and the winners in cluded a couple of horses who are expected to play important parts in the turf drama ot the present season. Merriment, who was vic torious in the Tramway Handicap, is a colt of whom I wrote in very favourable terms be fore lie ever ran. He was bred by Mr. Frank Reynolds, and at his yearling sale was pur chased by Mr. William Gannon forSlOguineas. The colt is by Goldsbrough from Happy Thought, by The Barb from Merry Thought, by Peter Wilkins from Reflection, by Luear from Mirror, and he is therefore on the dam's side a member of the same family as Nelson, lie is engaged in the A.J.C. and V.R.C. Derby, also the Caullield Guineas, and with so many good things to be dispensed by the i V.AT.C. and V.R C., Mr. Gannon is almost certain to bring him down, and will, I hope, be rewarded for his trouble, for Fortune has not smiled very sweetly upon the owner of the colt since Melos won the A.J.C. St. Legerfor him. It will be observed that the Hon. James White's tilly Sequel ran second to Mr. Gannon's colt; she is by Chester from The Alpaca, and evidently can gallop a bit. It is wonderful how all the Cheslcrs gallop, but this relative of Woodlands does not appear to have had the ghost of a show with Mr. Gannon's colt, who won by five lengths, and ran the six furlongs in lmin. losec. The other winner^ whose future doings will be watched with considerable interest, is the Victorian-bred colt Correz", by Newminstet from Guida. He won the Two-year-old Stakes, and directly after he passed the post bolted, and ran against a fence, but, Btrange to Bay, again escaped uninjured. It will be re membered that before be appeared in public he bolted with his boy, and ran into a fence, but both escaped scatheless. Then when he won his first race he bolted twice round the course before he could be stopped. It is to be hoped the colt will get rid of this objectionable habit, or it may result seriously to himself and his jockey. The time was exceptionally fast, the winner running the half-mile inside 50sec., which is a perfomanot not often equalled. New minster's stock have commenced the season tinder most auspicious circumstances, and this success angurs well for his career at at. Albans. Mr. John Crozier was very lortunate in securing him to fill the place vacated by St. Albans, and judging by the success ot his two year olds, as well as the forward positiou held by several who have been detested, the son of The Marquis is likely to prove at his best during the latter half ot his life. I was not at all surprised to hear of Drilldool s success in the Hurdle Race, for Mr. Scarr was lenient to him in the matter of weight; be is a son of Goldsbrougb, whose stock will be pretty busy this season. Singapore a defeat in the race in which he started will rather discount his previous victory. Victoria cuts but a very poor figure in the list of nominations published by the A. J.C. for its spring meeting. I have often declared that the racing men of this colony have no love for the spring meetings of the sister colony, and had it not been for the nominations of Mr. Samuel Gardiner this colony would have . cut a very sorry figure indeed. Still, the result is highly satisfactory for the total is 6Sp. as compared with 574in the previousyear, and Mr. Clibborn and his assistants arc likely to have ! & verv busy time next month. For the Hurdle j Race*24 borees have been nominated, and this includes our own Chandler, Teddincton, and El Cid, as well bs the New South Wales crack DrilldooL In the Trial Stakes there are 27 j engaged. Mr. Gardiner's Lens and Radiant, being of the number. These two fillies are | in Tom Lamond's hands, and a-e very j beautiful though not over big specimens of j the thoroughbred. Theformer is by Precious i Stone from Microscope, and the latter is by Suwarrow from Topaz. The handsome sum of 1,000 sovs. having been added to the j Epsom Handicap has attracted OS entries, amongst them being Sedition, Tourbillon, Dividend. Lovalist, and Lapstone. There are 12 in the Spring Stakes, and the only Victorian who has had the temerity to beard the New South Wales lions in their den i6 Mr. Samuel Gardiner, who is represented by Plenty and Loyal Stone, two of the most promising colts ever bred at Bnndoora-park, bnt it is doubt ful if they will be able to overcome such giants as Abercorn, Manton, and The Australian Peer. All Victorians would rejoice if either one proved victorious. Plenty is a son of Suwarrow and Lurlinc, a beautiful mover, and though not so big as Darebin he inherits a lot of his half brothor'6 style and appearance. I notice that Mr. White has no less than four engaged, Abercorn, Cranbrook, Sinecure, and Dreadnought, end two of these arc ahnost certain to start. There are 42 in tbe_\\\elter Handicap and 4G in the Shorts, while the Grand Stand Plate, a selling race of 4-30 sovs., has 47 in it. amongst them being such per formers as Ifoneydew, Monte Christo, The Jewel, PetGirl, Dividend, Amina, Retort, &c;, and the Victorian filly Torpedo is also one of the nnmber. There Bre 19 in the Sprinc Maiden Stakes, Mr. Gardiner contributing four, and I observe that Ringdove, who is fnll sister to The Australian Peer, is also in the list. The Squatters' Handicap has filled with an entry of 4G, and in the Second Hurdle Race, which will open proceedings on the 1 third day, there are 28. including the lie-' torians Chandler. El Cid. and Teddington. Of thel4inthe Craven Plate three are Vic-! torian, all nominated by Mr. Gardiner. What a pity Mr. Wallace did not send Car bine across to have a cat in with the cracks of New South Wales. His presence wonld have added considerably to the interest of the meeting. In the Suburban Handicap there are 67 and the Sydney Handicap commands 43, and the Selling Plate on the fourth day 44. a remarkably liberal response The Members' Handicap has filled well, and there are 18 in the Steeplechase, in which we are mnch more poorly represented than I expected. The Waverley Handicap has not filled so well as it ought to have, there being only 26 in it j One of the most interesting races at the A. J.C. j meeting is the Rand wick Plate of three miles, end if the starting of Abercorn, The Ans-1 tralian Peer. Melns, Manton. and three or i fonr of the three year olds could be insured what excitement there would be. Had the Final Handicap had 509 sovs. added there would have been at least 70 or 80 entries, bat the200sova hasattracted only48. Altogether it is a veir imposing list, and though the meeting will attract but few runners from Victoria, it will prove almost as interesting aa any spring meeting that has preceded it Mr. Frank Stuart is a very estimableI citizen, and hia remarks upon drink or any j other subject are entitled to the respect even of those who may differ in opinion from him. The other night, however, at the Victorian Alliance meeting held in the Town Hall, in the exuberance of his spirits he made too sweeping an assertion with reference to gambling in connection with sport He said :—" Gambling'had killed all honest snort in Victoria and in Australia There was a time when men conld run a race or play a match for the honour of winning, but now this curse ot betting entered into everysport, and if legislative action of some kind were not soon taken, it would be found that the young people ot the colony would be ruined by it" According to this there are no honest racing men, cricketers, or fcotballera Now, while admitting that gambling has materially affected all sport with which it has come in contact, it has not killed all honest sport. So far as the turf is concerned, the fact of two of the etraigbtest and most honourable sports men, Messrs. James White and Donald Wallace, being a long way at the bead of the winning owners proves that all honest sport has not been killed, and while men like these continue to give it tbeir countenance, there need not be any fear, if stewards have only the moral courage—which unfortunately many of them have not—to do their duty. While regretting that betting is so largely in dulged in when football is the theme, it doesn't follow that the great majority of the players are affected thereby. There are black sheep, no doubt, in the football fold, but they are few and far between, and I'll be sworn that 999 out of every 1,000 footballers who play the game play it for its own sweet i sake and the honour 'attached to it So, too,. with cricketers. As I have often declared in these columns, man is a gambling animal, of which we have bad ample evidence during the land boom, over which there was more I gambling in a month than there wonld be in I a year in connection with all the sport in the colony; and Mr. Stuart must not forget that the mania affected all classes, from Parlia mentarians downwards, or, should 1 say, up wards. Then the silver "boom" had a similar influence upon all classes, and this was gambling of the worst description. I should like to know bow it is to be pre vented. Mr. Stuart migh t make the attempt; bnt I am afraid be would find himself in the same predicament as Don Quixote when he tilted at the windmilL Judging from the balance-sheet which was read at the meeting of members of theWil liamstown Racing Club, the financial condi tion of the racing institution of the " fishing village " is in a most satisfactory condition. The following will give my readers some idea of the state of affairs" The improvements effected during the past season mclnde the filling and levelling of the carriage paddock, erection of a rail fence, trenching and tree planting round the lake in the centre of the course, levelling and turfing the etand re serve, levelling and filling portions of the course and tree planting in the saddling paddock aud along the whole of the creek bank. In this work 500 osier willows, ob tained from Adelaide, nnd over 1,500 tama risks have been planted, and promise good results. The buffalo grass sown inside tbe etand reserve has now Bpread, and forms a perfect sward all over the ground and slopes. Couch grass has been plentifully sown on the course, with good effect The flower beds are studded with plants and shrubs, and should make an effective display. The financial progress ot the c'.ub may be briefly stated. Alter paying off old liabilities, amounting to £120 4s. 6d., tbe payment of £077 Is. 41. iuterest on overdraft, and expending £044 13a. 5dL on improve- j ments, the club's overdraft has been reduced by £1331 Is. GJ. Tbe following are among the items of receipts and expenditure: —Amounts received for nominations, &c.;, £1.183; sale ot winners of selling races (net). £580; admission at gates, £1,931 3s.; railway I traffic, £3,367 8s.; sale of booka and cards, £191 Is. 2d.; members' subscriptions, &c;,, £208 6s. 61. Tbe amount given away :~ stakes and trophies was £3,911 (inrluding a >phy, value £75, presented by the bracelet trophy, . directors of the Altona Bay Instate Company Limited); expenditure on meetings, &c.;, £1,117 79. 10d., leaving a profit balance on the six meetings held of £2,319 4s. 4d. The club has been allotted seven days for race meetings during tbe ensuing year, viz:— Saturday, 21st September next; Saturday, 26th October; Saturday, 2Sth December; Saturday, 15th February ; Faster Monday, 7th April; Saturday, 31st May ; and Saturday, 5th Julv. Owing to the Prince of Walesa birthday falling on Saturday, the Victoria Racing Club Steeplechase Day of their spring meeting, this club has consequently had to surrender for this year that day, but which will be, of course, resumed in future years. The wholesome restrictions imposed by the V.R.C. in relation to racing, and to the number of meetings which can be held by i racing clubs and proprietary meetings, will it is expected be beneficial to the 1\ d liametown and other similar racing clubs." That little fling at proprietary clubs is hardly generous, more especially as tbe days allotted ito the W.RC. are treble what they were a I few veare ago. Everybody who follows the i sport is glad to eee the Williamstown Racing I Club thriving, and much of its euccees no doubt is due to Mr. H. Sutton, who has been I again elected secretary. I Mr. Bond is busy at Canlfield making further improvements ere the spring meeting arrives. A new open stand is to be erected near the little reserve devoted to members, and I'm sorry to hear that the trees will have to be removed. The underneath portion ot the stand will be used for a jockeys' room and a bar for members, while a private stair case will lead .to that portion of the stand which ie to be set apart for members. A 6tud horse whose claims to public patronage are strong is Mr. James Wilson's Off Colour. He is announced to stand at Mr. R. Ledgerwood's farm, Murroon, near Birregurra, 39 mileB from Geelong, at 10 guineas a mar". Off Colour was a good race horse, and in his time defeated Malm, Com motion, Le Grand, and others, at weight for I age; he was a good game racehorse, and is likely to transmit his good qualities to his stock. His breeding, too, is of the highest! class, for he is by the imported horse King Cole irom The Gem, by Msribyrnong from Chrysolite, by Stockwell from Juliet, by Touchstone. King Cole was by King Tom from Qui Vive, sister to Vedette, the best horse of his year in England, and tbis dash of the blood of old Voltigeur is an advantage which breeders should appreciate. It will be seen by tbe advertisement that mares can be trucked direct to Mr. J. M'CuIlum, Birregurra, or left at the Geelong sale-yards of the agents, Messrs. Robinson, Burns, and Sparrow. Mr. Cullen is in the field with a programme for Oakleigh-park on the Gth September. It contains eight events, opening with tbe Trial Stakes of 40 eovs., for horses ; then follows a Hurdle Race ot 40 sovs., one mile and a half, tor ponies of 14 hand and under. This will prove rather trying to the little fellows. A Selling Hurdle Race of 70 sovs., one mile and half (for horses), follows, and then we have a Maiden Plate of 35 sovs., for ponies 13.2 and under, after which there is a Selling Race of 100 sovs.. for horses. Then comes a Hurdle Race of 50 eovs., for horses, who have another chance in the Oakleigh Handicap of 50 sovs., the concluding event being tne Brighton Handicap of 35 sovs., for ponies 14 hands and under. Entries for all of these events close at the office of the club, Salisbury, buildings, 439 Bourke- etreet west, at 6 o'clock on Monday. Racing men will bear in mind that the entries for the Victoria Amateur Tarf Club meeting close at 4 p.m. on Monday next. The programme is one which will commend itself to owners, for it provides for nearly every class of horse. I It starts with a Two-year-old Handicap of 100 sovs., with a sweepstakes of two sove reigns to go to second horse. I don't know j that there was any necessity for the sweep, but the nomination fee Is only a sovereign, and as the winner will not be penalised lor the Maribyrnong Plate there should be a good entry. A Hurdle Race ot 125 sovs., one mile and a half, should also be well patronised, for the nomination fee is a sovereign only, with a sweep of the same amount. The Armadale Handicap is another event which should fill well, for tbe club recognises the fact that it must be liberal to insure good fields, and therefore the nomination fee is a sovereign only; and though there is a sweep of a couple of sovereigns, it has not to be paid anless the horse goes to tbe post A Selling Race of 100 eovs. precedes an Open Steeplechase of 150 sovs., and the last event is the Rosstown Handicap of 100 sovs., six furlongs. Entries for the Mentone meeting will dose on Monday next with the secretary, Mr. J. Stephen Potts, at the office of the club, 87 Bonrke-atreet west before 6 p.m. The pro- i gramme is as followsSelling Hurdle Race of 75 sovs., about one mile and a half; Fly ing Handicap of 50 sovs., five furlongs and a half; September Handicap of 50 sovs., fire fnrlongi and a quarter (for ponies 12.2 hands and under); Selling Race of 100 sovs., five furlongs; Handicap Steeplechase, of 100 sovs., about two miles; and Mehtone Han dicap of 100 sovs., one mile and half a fur long. Acceptances and entries for the Handicap Trot and Pony Race to be run at Yarra wonea on September 5 will close on Wed nesday next at 8 p.m., with the secretary, Mn W. M. F. Kidston, Prevot'a Victoria Hotel. Intending nominators for the Canterbury park Galloway, Pony, and Trotting Club meeting on September 23 are reminded that entries will dose on 'Monday next at 4 p.m. with the secretary, Mr. M. Seale. 97 CaBtle reagh-street, Sydney. The principal item is the Time Handicap Trot, to which the club guarantees the handsome prize of 250 sovs out of which tbe second is entitled to 40 sovs! and the third tolO sovs. The minor events are Also liberally subsidised, and are well worth the attention of owners of ponies and trotters. Britomarte, who won so cleverly at Qak leigh-park on Saturday, and Merriment, who was victorious at Rand wick, are boll) engaged in the Caulfield Guineas : so, too, is Adven turous, a filly that has run very well in Ade laide. With Montilto, Carrington, and Tin lander also engaged, it is likely that the Hon. James White will not have it all to himself. Yet the squire of Kirkham has a very Btrong contingent to his name, and nearly all of them are doing well at Randwick. _ Of Rudolph and Sinecure I hear from a friend ihe rosiest of reports, and a constant atten dant at the course is exceedingly fond of these two geldings, the former of whom he expects to see win the A.J.C. Derby ; bnt Mr. White is so embarrassed with riches in the shape of bo many rood three year olds that most people in the vicinity of the AJ.C. training headquarters are fairly in a quandary. Singa pore's defeat on Saturday will hardly raise him in the estimation of the public, but it has not shaken my faith in the Bon of Martini-1 Henry ; albeit, I should like to hear of him | being big aud above himself rather than; light. | Mr. A. Selraan, the owner of the pony Frisky, has entered a protest against Mr. M. Jacobs'e lithe, who won the Woilomai Handi cap for ponies at the Moonee Valley Meeting in May. The ground of the objection is that Eflle is over age. It is alleged that Efiie was brought from New Zealand, and placed in J. Cripps's stable by Mr. T. Surnam, under the impression that she was a three year old, and while in Cripps's stable she ran and won as a three year old. Some time afterwards she was sold to Mr. Jacobs as a three year old, and she was en tered as such by him. In the Woilomai Handicap she beat Frisky, aud a week or so afterwards it came to Mr. Selmon's ears that Efhs had a good bit in hand in the matter of age, and he having obtained what be con sidered clear evidence upon the point, lodged the protest, and Mr. Jacobs was ordered to I produce the pony on Monday last. Messrs. Kendall and Maraon, the [well-known vete rinary surgeons, were requested by the stewards to be in attendance to examine the pony, but Mr. Jacobs sent a letter stating that he could not attend that day, and asked for a postponement for a week, which was granted. It is now stated that the pony has been sold, and there may be some difficulty in getting it again ; but this is not likely to affect the case if Mr. Seiman has positive proof that the pony is of wrong age. There does not, however, appear to be the slightest ground for any suspicion that Mr. Jacobs knew the pony was over age. for he bonght | her in good faith as a three year old, and entered her accordingly. It is a rather signi ficant fact that Frisky also was in J. Cripps's stable, and it was imagined that he might have heard of the age being incorrect, but lie declares that he never examined her month, taking it for granted that she was of the age given by Mr. Surnam. Many of the sporting men who are interested in ponies are agitating with a view to induce the Victoria Racing CJub to allow them to form a Pony and Galloway Association. I don't think there is any probability of the ? rarer of the petitioners being seceded to. t is well that it 6honld not be. It was indis criminate pony racing that caused the late outcry against so much racing, and if the V. R.C. listens to the voice of the tempter, the old order will soon prevail again. It will be quite sufficient if the V.R.C. will agree to allow ike surburban clubs to hold a few extra meetings, and then ~ d then the ponies will be amply provided j for. A plethora of pony racing had the baneful effect ot thoroughly demoralising the turf, and we do not want to see a repetition of the dis creditable proceedings which surrounded the | business last season. Mr. Thomas Haydon is again to the fore with a programme for Elaternwick-park, to be run through on Wednesday, September 18\. It contains seven events, the first being a Nursery Handicap of 75 sova, half a mile. This will give the youngsters another oppor tunity of measuring strides, and probably it will attract several fresh candidates for turf honours. A Hurdle Race of 75 sova comes next, and then tollows the September Ilan-1 dicap of 75 eove., which is followed by a Selling Steeplechase of 100 sova. A Time Handicap Trot of 75 aovs, three miles, should ' test the Btamina of the competitors, and being one event, will be much more accept able to Australians than those wait-awhile I heats which the Americans are so fond of. A Selling Race of 159 aovs., five furlongs and 1 a half, will meet with plenty of patronage, and eo should the Klsternwick-park Handi cap of 100sova, one mile a furlong and a half. Entries close on Monday, ICth Sep-1 tember. Sporting men are proverbially charitable, and I am aure they will respond to the appeal being made on behalf of the widow of one of | their number. Most Victorian racing men will remember the turfman who raced under the assumed name of "Mr. XV. Langley." Stationer and ethers ran in bis colours, and were several times victorious. A year or so ago he became seriously ill, and after a good deal of suffering he died, leaving a widow: and large family totally unprovided for. It j la proposed to dispose of a horse ot his by art union, and Mr. F. F. Dakin has kindly taken the matter in hand. If any of j my readers have a stray sovereign to spare, they might devote them to this very deserving i rase. Mr. Dakin's address is Ilidlle-street, Flemington. Sumatra has gone into Mr. W. E. Fi I gate'a hands, and I hope he will have better lack with ber than I. Foulsbam had. I saw the mare ran at Oakleigh- park, and thought she looked a trifle light; she was never in the hunt, and mast have lost all form. There was a time when she was a pretty good filly, and if she should return to her best form, and win Mr. Pileate a good race, I am sure no body will begrudge him the victory, for he has fought gallantly against & long run of ill lack. * Mr. Alien informs me that Redleap has neatly improved, and says there is every pro bability of the horse being himself again. Ruby has qone to Matna. This union onght to result in the production of something above the ordinary run. Mr. R. F. Kelly, the owner of the racehorse Blarney, who won the Q.T.C. Handicap last week, was called before the committee of the QaeeiiBland Tori Club subsequently to explain the apparent inconsistency of his horse's running in that race compared with the performance in the Driving-park Handi cap on the previous Saturday. After hearing the evidence the committee expressed them selves perfectly satisfied with Mr. Kelly's ex planation. Saturday, October 5, is the day chosen by the Melbourne Hunt Club for its spring meeting The bill of fare appears this week, and is one which will commend itself to racing men. It opens with a Selling Race, of IOOsovb., five furlongs, and this iB followed 1 by a Hurdle Race, of 100 sova. The Hunt Club Cup is a handicap welter steeplechase 1 of 125 sovs, and the lowest weight is to be I lOsb 71b. The race is to be open to hunters that have been fairly hunted with a recog nised pack at least five times during the { season of 1839, and no horse will be eligible if it hag started in an open hurdle race or steeplechase within one year of the race. The other events consist of a Handicap Flat Race, ' ^ • -» - -1- A{ of 150 60Y8., six furlongs; Steeplechase, of 'i n Vl.t IJ.irto Ol luO 159 sovs.; and Corinthian Flat Race, of ] so vs. Entries close at the V.R.C, Office on the 16th September. In another column will be found the list of winning stallions for the season which ended on the last day of July. It will be seen , that, with his New Zealand winnings in cluded, Musket's stock has won more than double that of any other sire, his total being close on to £20,000, while The Drummer comes next with less than half. It will be observed, too, that Martini-Henry in hiB first season, with only three winners, is third on the list, and has £6,151 to his credit Amongst the awards made to Anstralian j exhibitors at the Paris Exhibition was a gold medal to Mr. T. P. Power for saddlery. Mr. Power's exhibit was made by colonial work men from colonial leather, and consisted of a racing saddle, lady's side saddle, a couple of breaking saddles (as used for buck-1 jumpers), a set of harness, and specimens of general leatherware. notably the Queensland ! legging. It is a feather in the cap of Mr. Power to make bo excellent a show at I Paris. The National Agricultural Society had glorious weather for the opening day. There were several very fine horses amongst the thoroughbred sires. The judges evidently went for size when they awarded the prize to Wellesley, for his forelegs are of that kind which seldom or never stand a preparation, while a horse like Sheet Anchor—the soundest of the lot—was passed over withont much notice. In judging horses soundness should be one of the first considerations, but the judges ap pointed by the N. AS. sometimes ignore this essential quality altogether. Although Sheet Anchor has been in work for several years he is as clean upon his legs as the first day that he ever trod a racecourse, and in make and ahnpe he stands in the front rank. The judges placed Caramut second, and no doubt be is a very fine-topped horse, but, like Wellesley, be has anything bat good legs. The first horse turned ont of the ring—will racing men believe it ?— was Coronet, perhaps the most valuable animal of the lot. Promethus, who has improved considerably, was placed third, and though be may not be quite the sire to beget hunters, |i-e.t I am sure he will get racehorses it mated with the proper kind of mares. The mares were very poorly represented, and the best of n moderate pair was Tissue, who was awarded first prize. In the trotting division I liked amongst the Bires Mr. J. J. Miller's im ported horse Red Wind, a true type of the I American trotter, and the same exhibitor showed a very fine colt by Honesty. There ; was little or nothing to choose between the trotting mares owned by Messrs. Brodribbj and Clark respectively, and the former Bcored the victory with his American mare | Lncretia. Mr. J. S. Jenkins has requested roe to state that the only bookmakers who will be allowed to bet la the paddock at Epsom are those who are registered for the V.R.C. enclosure, and members of the Victorian Club, Bowes's Tattersall's, and Sydney Tatt email's. The most noticeable absentee from the A J.C. list is Ant ana, who is evidently being specially reserved for the Melbourne Cup. The filly by Goldsbrough—Kernel has been named Moonca. By winning the Spring Stakes at Randwick on Satnrday Bustler has incurred a penalty of 51b. for the two principal races at Hswfces bury. In the County Pane his weight has been raised to 7st 91b., and in the Hawkea bury Grand Handicap to 7at. 51b. Mesara William C. Yuille and Co. report having sold the thoroughbred stallion Euclid, by Panic from The Proposition (imp.I, to Mr. H. D. Griffiths, Laceby; and the race mare Sumatra on acconnt oi Mr. J. 11 White to Mr. W. Filgate. ! Those breeders who admired the imported Oldenbnrg stallions from Germany will have an opportunity of purchasing them on | Monday, when Messrs. w. C. YnilTe and C Co. will dispose of them at Kirk's Bazaar at; noon. Some of onr farmers should have a look at these homes, for they would Buit them admirably. Full particnlara of the V.R.C. Sirea' Pro duce Stakes of 1893 appear this week. My idea of a Sires' Produce Stakes is that the race should be for the best two-year-old of the season, and that there Bhould not be any penalties, but as much as 141b. extra is imposed, but (he nominator of the sire of the winner, end the breeder of the winner, will receive 100 sovs. each, so there is plenty of inducement to nominate. I am surprised, however, to find that the V.H.C. adds only 259 sovs., so that ail, save 50 sovs., will come from the pockets of breeders. The Men tone Racing Club has determined to charge a fee of 10 guineas for the right of betting throughout the season. This will, however, give the bookmaker the right of entry for himself and two ladies, so that none with aepark of spirit can object to the charge. Approved visitors from the other colonies will be allowed the same privilege on the payment of a guinea per day. P. M 'Gowan. who rode Kestrel to victory in the CaulSeld Grand National Steeplechase, has commenced the erection of bis new stables and cottage near the Ballar&t; Miners' racecourse. In the advertising columns this week will j be found a statement of the sums given away by Mr. Cox for racing daring the past season, and it will be rather instructive to racing men. The proprietor of Moonee Valley has disbursed tor racing in 12 months no less than £14,545^ which is, I think, above any sum given in Victoria by any other club except the V.ILC. Since May he has presented no less than £3,725 to the coursing fraternity, and I have no hesitation in saying (hat bad it not been tor him] the sport of coursing wonld bare nearly, it not quite, died a natural death. I think, therefore, he is entitled to j the thanks of the sporting community generally for his enterprise. The will of the lade Mr. Sydney Kuight, the well-known racing man of Sydney, bos been proved at £21,992. j In the advertising columns will be found 1 the September programme of the Williams town Racing Club. The day chosen is Satnr- j day, September 21, and the bill of fare com prises halt a dozen events, commencing with a Hurdle Race, of 100 sov&, one mile and a I half, which is sure to take with owners. The Two-year-old Handicap, of 100 sovs., three I furlongs and a half, is another event which should attract a good field; and so will the Ozone Handicay • ?' ot 75 aovs., chiefly because | the distance is five furlongs only. A Selling umj. A iHlIIDg j Race, of 100 sovs., over the same distance, Is another event which ought to fill well; and next to this is a Steeplechase, of 100 sovs.: and the wind-up the Spring Handicap, of 1201 sovs.. ono and a furlong. Entiles dose MoSd^Se'Sa'1' by Mr. John O'Ketfvorffi10* bwifi the eum of £25. thV prfc? ofdenon8. i alleged to be ft " racehora&" a n &nitQ.i; O'Keefe'e story he cam/into with some horses to sell. Amonmt mu 1^ ba3 ^,!-ulLbrotheJ tothe8teep!ecK^t8Ii8 and this horse attracted Week^wA^n, He inquired as to the horse's ?om^ Btioi>. bilities, and O'Keefe, who wtigfo ftE!"8 ^Pa. mounted him, and rode him obstacles in the yard. Weekes th« himself quite satisfied, and agreed price asked, viz., £25. He now S 0 the clinedtopay.. The defenceWM&\de" was very excited at the time. horse was gone in the legs, and watth« more than £5 or £6 though given a guarantee of its soundnes. v h&4 tbeless the unsympathetic macS Ji Pet' a verdict for the plaintiff for th« ^i°uni claimed, and, I believe, WeekCs im!L?°unt offered to let the plaintiff have^fol «ate,y horse' back again lor £8, but I donV^' O'Keefe was " on." Qon' ^ Those who are possessed of m—i. should not tail to peruse the full t)rr^ot8e8 ot the Victoria Amateur Turf Clab ^&t;°0 pears this week. The Foal States sovs.; Caulfield Guineas, of 500 eov«° i Caulfield Cup, of 2,000 guineas ha™anS closed, but mere are other events whW, well worth contesting, such, torinS"e the firat item, toe&ulfied;* S?aCT^ aovs., one mile and a furlong, There i. objectionable condition in this and iw"6 the penalties for winners. In runfi19 show like the V.AT.a Spring meeting* *, ought to be the desire of the promote* 11 attract the best horses in the land and if Carbine, Mentor, and Abercorn were' .tart,™ tor thj: CUidd of people would go to aee them a!oneTbnt either of these would have to incur a neiX of 71b.. and the owners wiii be veryffift they even nominate them. The Australian Peer, Rudolph, and other good animals ■« barred in the same way, and a race wWh should attract the very best horses will nro bably be restricted to the second-rate division. A Hurdle Race, of 250 sovs. two miles; the Australian Hunters' Cap, value 150 60vs.; and the Toorak Handicap, oi250sovs are the other events of the first day which have not closed. There are five items in the second day's list which have not yet closed and tbey ore the Maiden Plate oi 200 govs' Nursery Handicap of 200 aovs.. Selling lUce of 200 sova., Steeplechase of 300 sovs., and the Windaor Handicap of 250 sovs. Entries close on Monday, September 23. Mr. Cox continues to advertise his pro. gramme for the 26th October, and the Moonee Valley Cap of 503 aovs. is the centre dish. It is felt amongst all classes of racing men that if Mr. Cox is deprived of this day, which he has had for many years, a gross injustice will be done. Mr. Austin Faqui, who for many years was s prominent member of the Victorian betting ring, died at his residence a few dsyssga Mr. Saqui was a great martyr to gout, and was in the habit of taking opium to induce sleep On Wednesday night he went home and complained of the pain he was suffering, and took a dose of opium tincture. He fell asleep in his chair, but could not be awakened on Friday morning. Medical assistance was called in, bat all efforts to arouse him failed, and be died shortly afterwards. There was no idea that Mr. Saqui took an overdose of the mixture deliberately, and at an inquiry into the cause of death the jury found that the deceased died from the effects of an overdose of laudanum, taken to procure sleep. Mr. Saqni owned many horses daring bis career, the best of them being Warrior, with whom he won the Melbourne Cap and a good stake in 1869. His horse npon that occasion was ridden by the late Joe Morrison. With Misty Morn, Mistake, and other horses Mr. Saqni was often successful. By profession Mr. Saqni was a musician, and years ago was well known as a performer on the pianoforte. lic leaves a widow and family, one of the members thereof being Mr, J, L Saqui, the well-known turf commission agent. The jumping contest attracted a large crowd to the National Agricultural Society's domain on the eecond day of the show. It is wonderful how a bit of sport with a spice of danger in it will attract a big crowd of Anglo-Saxons. The people assembled m thousands round the course, and the cattle, machinery, Ac., were altogether neglected. I took & stroll round before the jumping com tnenced, and was much amused at a High land piper, who blew most vigorously m the lane between the cart-horses and the thoroughbreds. I am fond of music, and can even stand the bagpipes—at a distance —but the piper was juat a little out of place where he was. It was all very well for the Clydesdales. They recognised their national music, and seemed to glory in it; but the Aus tralian thoroughbreds and American trotters took it sadly, and I was not surprised to bear that some of them were subsequently aunrr ing from gripes. The jumping was qune up to the average. I thought Eirruc would nave been awarded first prize. He was admiraoiy handled by Mr. G Glasscock, and did all that was asked of him in true huntniK fashion, bat he did not go fast, and as in trie second venture Vowleadid even better hub in the first, the judges gave him the first prize, I waa glad to see a son °' "^.P" friend the late Mr. Robert M'Doagall riding bis own borae and winning; we wsnt i see men like bitn in the hunting field, and hope some day to be able to congratnia bim upon winning a Melboutne Hunt CI J Cop. Eversley, who was placed third, was, little headstrong, but he is a grand fence . Mr. Seymour Fort was unfortunate having a horse which did not see™, understand the curb, and he refused ra obstinately. I hope Mr. Fort will ba belter ride next time. After all 1 «• beard of the New Zealander owned by w> Wakley, I waa somewhat disappointed bis performance; yet he shapes much Mtwc in the hauling field. The ladies rode mlrably, but I fancy Mrs- Ambrose wonia have liked it better bad the fences not w lowered. She had no difficulty r horse, who took the obstacles In a mat1te fact way. Miss M'Lellau had a muchloore difficult horse to handle, and ebe perfc> bo admirably that the judges could cot re her the first prize , On Friday Spondullx made another recor Australia. - Ringmaster has again been diatinguis himself in England by running s*1d®}1 « King Monmouth for the Great Ebo' n0t cap It is a pity the little Anstrtlian dia no get his bead in first jast to pay tbe corn ^ It Is rumoured that J. Tolly, WJ*® ^°JLJently time waa a trainer at Flemington, re met with an accident in Sydney wuic mlnated fatally. . 4. By reference to the late ftdvertisemen. column it will be seen that, during months Mr. Cullen wan in uoasBMlO Oakleigh-pnrk last season he gave away no less tbanl£9,460. There was a capital attendance at the Elsternwick-park meeting on Friday, and visitors had the pleasure of witnessing some excellent racing, though in their bont with the ring they had much the worst of it, for scarcely a favourite won. In the Hurdle Race King Billy upset a strong favourite in Teddington. That very speedy animal Gold Btream gave a taste of his quality in the August Handicap, for which Little Bob was most in demand. By far the most interesting event of the day was the Red Coat Steeplechase, which produced a splendid contest, and Mr. Godfrey Watson jjever rode a better race. Dr. VV ilson made a very happy speech in presenting the rider of the winner with the gold whip. The ground just suited Daystar in the Selling lt&ce;, but being lame be did not bring a very large sum to the funds. It is a long time Bince there was so exciting a contest for a trot as that for the Time Handicap, which Black Jack won cleverly, and the wind-up for the Elsternwick-park Handicap also resulted in a spirited contest. On Monday, at Kirk's Bazaar, Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co. will dispose of Sambour, 2\ew York, and Smolensko. Mr. Callen has determined to make the charge for the right of betting at Oakleigb pnrk sir guineas per annum, and those who are desirous of plying their calling there can obtain ticketB at the office in Salisbury buildings, Bourke-street By the Tnsmanian steamer on Friday Claude, Silvermere, and Eclipse arrived from Tasmania. The first-named two are three year-olds, and as they proved themselves superior to Scottish Chief, Victorians will readily recognise that they must be above the averuge. Eclipse is a very usctul son of Euclid, and will pay his way at some of our suburban meetings. SoRATcnrNOS.—Melbourne Cup—Aristocrat, at 2.27 p.m. on august 27. 