VANISHEDI) EMIJiNEINCES. (DariY xuwi.) "Let us sit upon- the ground and tell cas stories of the death of kiniu," says one of Shakespeare's characters. The invitation is p. propriato to the day though not so appropriate us in the time of Ritlaurd III. Though monarchs have suffered vidlent deaths since then, it has not booeen the rul that they should be deposed or "slain.hi war," or " haunted by the ghosts thoy have oposeod," or "poisoned by thoir wives, some sleeping Jklled, all murdered." As for ioyl ,suicdo, it has in recent times become compara tivrly rare. -A savgo ,monarch whom we worsted at Mugdala" blow out his brains in the agony of his misfortune. In this respect Kiup Theodoro unconsciously displayed the spirit ot Frederick the Groat, who carried about with him in the Seven Years' War a pill which would, if nocessary, justify his boast that he would never be tralen alive. is luck. however, was better thanlthat of the ill-fated King of Abyssiria. Nearly two years aigo the King of Bavaria voluntarily sought oblivion in the Luke of Starnoberg. Of his inusanity tlere was even less doubt than theeo has beers of that of other princes who have trilled with lives that were not their own. I'rince ltudolphl's death by his own hand is as mysterious as it is necessarily sudden. It has been observed by Buckle and others that mili tary men commit suclido oftener than other chases. Certainly there has been no little suicido among Continental ollecers lately. That in the cold law of averages a Rtoyal victim should be counted in would pirobably not have surprised the author of the "History of Civili saltion." The sensation of shock that has unquestion ably been caused by the Archduke's death is of course due t great degree to the eminent position he filled. Ihia was necessarily ia con spicuous figure, since, apart from any indi viduality of its own, it was that of the ap parent heir to the Austrian throne. Whenl such rnpu so suddenly disappear, it is as if the fanfiliar features of sosme landscape hard been obliterated by volcanic agency. They are vanished emiunences. Our awe at their lire. cipitous disappearance is partly due to that, and partly to our he.lples speculations as to what may be the consequences, or as to what other alterations in the earth's surface will sur riose us next. We have had many such sur. iprise lately. Although the Emperor Frederick's death fromn cnsour no soon after his father died was in the end quite anticipated, the first revoe. lation of the prospect of that death was dit. tinctly one of those ourprises. More akin to the event at Meyerling was the Prince Imperial's death, not in the nature of its violence, of course, but in the fIcts that heo did dio by violence, and that the news cunse iuion everybody with arppalling suddenness, and that ir hInm were centred the hopes of a dynasty. Thiat event again recalls the death, by a fall frow his carriage, of Louis l'hlilippo's son, the Duke of Orleans, in 1812. Though unlik;ethose twio princes, the Duke of Albany was neither heir nor pretendelcr, his death also iroduced by its sudiidelesso the sarmoe pculiar rOnsIation or shock, intensifled in this country by the ncar noes of his relationslhip to our Queen, and by the respoct asld confidence hio had in spired in the people by his well-spent life. Hlardly leas sshlrn than .iin all theose cruses was the blank caused Iy the death of the Prince Consort. It may therefore ie men tioned among the painful surpriscewhich in our titres death has sprung upon us. The P'rincessa Alice's detath ranks with all of these in tragic interest, and abovo most of them in pathos. Napoleon the Third's disappearance from the muap of Europe practically occurred at Sedan. That surrcdler took away thle reath nerhaips more than any event which can be rodulled in modern remiriscenco. HIi death, asas s been cornsnwhere said, was after this but ausanti clinmax. The sald fate inr Mexico of Prinuce Rudolph's uncle, the Emperor Maximilian, is linked in association with theo unfortunate Napoleonic name. Of modern asssisinations none equals in daring and horror, or in its paralyingl offect uplon tire civilised world, the murder of the Czar, Alexander II. If the sudden vanishing of eminence, due to rank, be impressive, ra well proved by the public reception of the events in our times above recalled, it is certainly no less startling when men eminent by their own merits aire rermoved at a blow. The names of two L'residents of the Unhited States who have succumbed to to tho violenco of the neesasin within tihe memory of the present generation will at once leap to the reader's minud, as well as that of our own Indian Viceroy Lord ssalyo, and of that brave EuIlish general the hero of Lucknow. who, thoug' he did not die by the assassin's hkind, was almost as suddenly lost to his country. Sir Robert Peel's death was like those to which we have referred in the sense of sudden void which it created; and in this country at least the fate which in a similar way overtook Bishops Wilber force madel a profound sensation. Those are some of the conspicuous figures suddenly re moved in recent times. Others will occur to the memory of individual readers. If we include amron our vanished eminences all who have had tie eyes of the world turned for the moment upon them, the name of Lord Frederick Cavendish will not be forgotten. IHis violent cud made the public hold their breath as much as any of the sad events here recorded. Nor can it ever be forgotten in the lives of the present generation how the world in thrilling suspense awuited the issue of that wonderfir Nile e.pedition, wlich came within touch of K?inrtoum only to hear of the noble death of hie gallant hero, Gordon. 