THE MISHIT Of THE fMBL. a. (FROM THE GLASGOW WEEKLY CITIZEN.) Many years ago vessels carried far heavier crews than at present, for nowadays the great aim of owners st ems to- be scrimping everything to the lowest possible figure. I suppose this arises from the greater competi tion in trade, decrease of freights, and in crease of harbour dues and wages. _ -At any rate, the old dunder- thumper brig- rigged vessel Pearl, hailing from the good port of Limerick, aud about 300 tons or so, carried a erew of thirteen, including the cook and two boys — one doing duty aft as head-steward and bottle-washer. She, of course, carried two mates, and, with the skipper, brought up the whole tally to sixteen hands. The great majority were Irish. ; and I can tell you that among Irish seamen there is ho happy medium — they are either first-rate or useless when well out at sea aud clear of the grog-shop ; and the men on board of the Pearl brig were as smart a set of seamen as you could find on Limerick quays. The vessel was cleared out, bound to London in ballast to take in cargo for the port of Genoa. I don't know where the old man hailed from, as he had a name I never came across before — it was Jasper Trojan — and this might have fitted any country. He was a powerful, thick-set-looking man, between forty and fifty, with shifty bead- looking eyes set deep back in hia head, and was horribly disfigured with small-pox ; alto gether he was anything but lovely in appear ance or polite in manners. I don't believe Captain Trojan ever washed - or changed his linen — if, indeed, he wore any at all ; he just rolled out of his bunk of a moi-ning and bolted his breakfast, and then tumbled up the companion for a look round. The Pearl's cabin was just a kind of den aft, and had a screw down table amidship and lockers all round — I don't suppose it was above eight feet square by five high. The skipper had a bunker on the starboard .sine, una tue mate one opposite, i waseaoiu boy and steward, and slept on the after transom, or on one of the lockers. The second mate and crew all bunked in the fore castle. Just you fancy a dark hole, with black beams and dingy floor, only lighted by a small booby hatch by day and slut-h lamp by night, where it was impossible to sew or read (if anyone wanted to read) , and reeking "with all the abominations of the Egyptians ; and this was the dining saloon, bed chamber, and retiring apartments of thirteen men, who seldom, if ever, washed, and never changed a rag except when deluged with a green sea over the bows. Now, just take a look at the Pearl as she blunders along under all plain sail, royals and flying jib set — an old set of dingy patched canvas — bowsprit steeved nearly up arid down, bluff square bows thumping the water and sending the spray broad off on each side, and uupainted bulwarks, the greeu corroded copper up to the bends, and Jfhe standing rigging innocent of Stockholm, and not a ratlin or footrope trustworthy a seaman's foot. She had a dingy figurehead, represent ing a woman with a dab of crimson on each cheek, with eyes staring out to starboard, gazing intently and keeping a vacant look out for nothing at all. Of all unromautic craft, that was most unlikely to have a lasting history in tragedies and mysteries of the ocean, the Pearl was the most unlikely looking, as she rolled and pitched along past the west coast of Ireland Recent events in London and elsewhere, of butcheries and fiendish deeds apparently without aim or obiect. ha ve hrnnyht. back \- - j j q — vividly to my mind one of the most ghastly episodes that ever occurred at sea. Murder generally presupposes some motive — either revenge, greed, or sudden mania ; but there is no safeguard agaiust the deliberate, carefully wrought -out plan of the cunning, and hitherto unsuspected, calm aud deliberate demon, living as it were two distinct lives, and seemingly having two separate beings swaying aud animating one person. The skipper, as far as my then experience and present recollection serve me, navigated the ship and gave orders as customary the men worked at the thou- sand-and-one elds and ends always to be found to do aboard a vessel, and sm >ked dnd lolled about in the last dog-watch in a commonplace seafaring way. Now, every evening, about eight bells, my duty was to wash the dishes, clean up the galley (a little wooden box on deck amid ships) aud tidy up : and then I used (being a big lump of a boy of fifteen) to go and smoke at the windlass forward, after trimming and lighting the cabin lamp. It was in the end of September, and pretty light on deck at six in the morning. One night — I will never forget it — ;I was lying dozing on the after transom, when I suddehly started up fully awake. Some in describable horror seemed to oppress me. I looked up ; the feeble unruffiled wick of the nearly empty lamp only served to make things around dim and uncertain. I suppose it would be about four bells in the middle watch, when I distinctly heard a suppressed groan aud gurgling noise from the mate's bunk, and could see the indistinct form of a man leaning over it. Then the lamp flickered and went out, and a great horror fell upon me, I knew not why. I heard the skipper tumble into his bunk, and a curious sound like air escaping from the deck pump, and I rose up and crept on deck and sat cowering under the quarter-deck bul warks, trying to think. 4 What's the matter, lad?' sung out the second mate, who had the watch, as he dragged me to the binnacle lamp. 'You are as white as a ghost, and all trembling'/ 4 1 don't know, sir,' t said ; 4 1 think I had the nightmare.' But go below I would not till full daylight. Ail was correct, seemingly. The skipper was snoring peace fully ; all else was still ; and at five bells in the morning watch I set the cups, went to the galley for the coffee, and roused the skipper. One of the seamen used to keep the morning watch anil li aye his coffee in the cabin after the skipper had dane.. 11'ke old man roused out, swallowed "his coffee, "Old man," seamen's term fo captain. went on deck, and told the officer of the watch to go down. In the scant morning light everything was dim and uncertain. All was quiet for a few minutes. I could hear the man strike flint and steel, aud then light a sulphur niatch, and as it burnt up clear, and he was lighting his pipe, it threw a ruddy glare over the mate's bunk. Good God ! shall I ever forget the sight ? The mate's head lay over the carline— his face blue, and dead. A stream of clotted blood was over his neck and breast, over the mat, and in clots and blotches on the deck. For one momeut I stood; aghast ; I then rushed to reach the ladder, slipped on the blood-stained deck, and tore up on deck, aud fell fainting against the little skylight. The second officer aud all .bauds soon scrambled aft ; aud the. body was with great difficulty carried up the small companiou- hateh and laid aft in tlie wheel grating. The second mate gripped me convulsively, by the wrist, and on rousing up to full consciousness, I saw the skipper walking up aud do\vn the quarter-deck. He never looked at any of us, and he never glanced aft at the body. After a long tune he stopped, Leant over the gang way, and steadily looked over to windward. 4 Now, Captain Jasper Trojan seemed to have no characteristic any more than that he never swore ; he was taciturn,, but not, morose, and I never heard him tell any story, or allude to any event of his former life. Pre sently he turned round and drawled out, Cut his throat in . the night, ay !. Get some canvas, Mr. Donovan, and sew it up.' . . The seaman hung back, while the captain went below, brought up some old canvas and , pahn and needle, and knelt down and deliberately sewed up the body, dressed as it was, and then ordered the main topsail to be backed, and before anyone fcould speak or in- terfere, lifted the body up, and threw it over . the lee gangway into the sea, braced the uiainyard forward, and on the vessel, went, the dingy canvas with its ghastly . freight rising and falling on the waves in our wake till we lost sight of it. The men slinked forward, horror-stricken, and then the old man, without a word, went below and deliberately turned into his bunk. In one short hour the whole ship seemed cnangea. me men conversed in groups under their breath, work was stopped, and though the wheel was relieved and watches changed, sail made and shortened, yet the vessel waslike a coffin to the imagination. The second mate wouldn't go aft to the spare bunk ; and I never, if I could help it, in the cabin went far from the ladder. Two nights passed away, and the weather was dark and squally ; so at the change of watches — eight bells of the second dog-watch — we handed topgallant sails and reefed topsails, stowed the light sails, and the watch below turned in. The watch on deck cowered under the lee of the galley and Jong- boat, leaving only the second mate, man at" the wheel, and look-out man forward on the night-heads. I sneaked down the fore- scuttle, aud coiled inysdf away among the men, not daring to go aft. The wind was blowing in gusts from the S.W., and Cape Clear light was almost dead astern, and it was all hands on deck to shorten sail, and stand by the topsail halliards, as a heavy squall caught us aback, and the brig gathered stein way. I thought we were gone. Everything was let fly, and the head- yards braced abox, and so she paid off. and we close-reefed, and stood off on the port tack. The hau ls went below. At two bells in the morning watch (5 a.m.), it was as dark as pitch, rain and sleet, when the brig fle w right up in the wind, and when the men rushed to the braces, there was neither officer of the watch, helmsman, or second officer to be seen, search high and low. The cabin lamp was out ; the binnacle lamp was the only light available. We shouted — it. titp u in ttinn wrn looked below aud aloft, and then waited in terror for the dawn. Seeing the skipper seated on the main hatch, I crept below to try and light the lamp, and steadied myself against the starboard bunk. Great heavens ! As I stretched out my hand, I felt and knew instinctively that that bunk was occupied, and my hand fell on the cold upturned face of the corpse. I staggered up, ran forward, and threw myself headlong down the fore-scuttle. In incoherent tones, I managed to let the men know my tale. But still we waited for the daylight. The men went aft and took the wheel, and kept together ; they all had some weapon, mostly ihe iron belaying pins from the topgallant rail, forward. Silently sat Captain Trojan, and tlie only sound was the weird whistle of the wind through the rigging, as the brig came up or rolled to leewards. An hour passed, and then broke the blessed dawn: A dark scud flew overhead, with a leaden sky all round. But oh, for the blessed light ! With set faces the men kept their eyes on the skipper. Then he rose slowly and came aft ; the men fell back right and left. A significant look went round, and as the skipper put his foot on the ladder a rush was made at him, and he was thrown back on the deck. A desperate struggle ensued. " With the strength of a maniac, the captain held one man iri his powert'ul grasp and fought and twisted, and at last rose straight up, still retaining his hold, till He crashed against the weather gangway board, a frail piece of timber ; and, as the brig rolled to windward, the captain, with the doomed seaman in his grasp, fell headlong overboard, and rose no more. With trembling steps the men crowded into the cabin, and there, in the captain's bunk, stark and cold and bloody, lay the body of the second mate, with his throat cut from ear to ear. There was no trace of a struggle r the detail of that tragedy will ever . remain a mystery. Carefully the body was wrapped up and shrouded — only one glance was given to it to be assured uo life remained. The main topsail was once more backed, and without a prayer, though not unmourned, the corps smote the water and sank. I awoke to consciousness in the hospital in Liverpool ; but even to this day do I involun tarily shiver when my mind callback; this mepaory. ; ,, .t - I learnt afterwards that the men, having found an anker of whiskeys held a saturnalia. The Pearl was picked up by a revenue cutter, aud taken up the Mjersev, with four men missing and the strictest official inquiry never Vet unra velled the mystery of the Pearl of Limerick, or whether the skipper was a responsible person and a common murderer for some unknown purpose, or a lunatic with a homicidal mania. 