THE DELAGO A BAY RAILWAY. Some weeks ago we invited the atten tion of readers to the extraordinary pre tensions of Portugal with regard to South Africa. Appearances at that time leemed to indicate that Portugal is trying bo resuscitate her colonial empire, and that she Is concentrating her efforts on the ' Dark Continent' As if to confirm ihe fear then expressed came the announce ment that' the Portuguese Government bad withdrawn the concession obtained and enjoyed by the Delagoa Railway Company. In London W« announcement was received with the utmost indignation. A question was put on the subject In the House of Lords, and the Premier, whilst hoping that he would not be con sidered 'undiplomatic,' spoke in the strongest terms possible about the Portu guese behaviour. In the city, where merchants most do congregate, there was no restraint imposed by diplo macy, and free utterance was given to the condemnation which the action of Portugal deserved. This action was said to be due to plain trading on weakness and to impudence. Portugal was not strong enough to repudiate the concession which she made, but in a moment of petulant spite she cancelled it. By so doing she thought to further her claim to the sovereignty of a large part of Africa, under which claim she would establish an Empire greater in extent and more powerful in resources than that which she enjoyed In the most palmy days of the Portuguese colonial empire. Like most places about which great nations quarrel, Delagoa Bay is insignifi cant enough as a settlement. The Bay is aninletoatheeartooartof Africa, tome sixty miles long, compounding for its littleness by its importance as a harbour. This importance was so evident that the Powers interested in Africa dis puted fcr a long time as to the owner ship, and seme fourteen or fifteen years ago the question was referred to the arbitration of the then President of the French Republic (Marshal Mao Mahon). He declared tbat the Bay, which was discovered by Portuguese mariners, belonged to Portugal, and the other claimants perforce accepted this decision. The main potential importance of the harbour — apart from its usefulness as a naval station and port of refuge— depends upon the means adopted to make it a commercial centre. Communication must be opened op with the interior, and this work of develop ment was dependent upon the enter prise of outsiders. One Colonel McMurdo, an American, secured a concession from the Portuguese Govern ment for the construction of a line from Delagoa Bay to the frontier of the Transvaal. The gallant and prudent Colonel Bold this concession to an English Company after some years of anxious endeavour to obtain a distinct understand* ing of the privilege which he had bought. The general terms of his contract are sufficiently interesting. He waa to find the money necessary for the con struction of the line, and, on the other hand, the Portuguese Government was bound net to allow any other line in the same direction and with the same purpose to be laid down. This waa in 1883, and three years later— in consequence of conflicting statements as to the position of Colonel McMurdo and the Company which he formed— the Portuguese Government officially stated that 'no other concession exists for the construction and working of any sort of means of communication whatever across the Lorenzo Marques District' With this official announcement a3 a guide an English Company bonght the rigb's which had been secured by Colonel McMurdo. The work of constructing the railway was prosecuted with vigour, and large numbers of men— including, of course, many Englishmen — were em ployed. ? But the Portuguese authorities ordered the Company to extend the line by some six or seven miles beyond the limit fixed when the concession was granted. Hereupon ensued much negotiation, the English concessionaires sticking, as was their undoubted right, to the letter of the privilege which they had bought Portugal was not satisfied with the plain proofs offered, and the Company not acquiescing In the unexpected demand the railway was pasted over to the Transvaal. Even when this point had been gained the greed and insolence of the Portuguese were not satisfied. In October of last ?ear the Pirectors of the Delagoa Bay Railway Company were informed that they must extend their line by eight kilometres within the ensuing eight months. They set about the work after making a vehement protest It was begun, not in October, when the demand was made, bnt In the following February, that is, early in this year. It was impos sible to complete it within the time originally fixed— what with extraordinary floods, the unexpected nature of the demand, and other causes. Because the eight kilometres were not covered in eight months from October the Portuguese Government can* celled the contract. As is plainly evident from this short summary of the history of the line, Portugal has acted with flagrant injustice. The only assignable reason Is that she is desirous of excluding British competition from that portion of Africa which she especially desires. Of course the means which she has adopted will defeat her end. Great Britain could not stand such a breach of commercial fair play, which would Injure many share holders, besides begetting a distrust for enterprises in the development of Africa. It is particularly fortunate that the cancellation of the concession and the forcible closing of the line has not led to any very serious com plication. The British workmen engaged objected to the interposition of the Portu guese, but beyond a few interchanges of warlike compliments little harm his been done. The upshot will be that Portugal will have to pay some measure of compensation to the persons Interested In the Company, whose shares have been depressed In value in conse quence of her high-handed action. At the same time the arrogance of the Transvaal people, who were prepared to profit by the restrictions placed on the British undertaking, will be sensibly and wholesomely checked. Mks. Maibrick,— Mrs. Maybrlck 1b. not to be hanged. The Home Secretary has decided to recommend the Qaeen to commute the capital sentence Into one of penal servitude for life. Mr. Matthews has carefully explained the reasons which have induced him to arrive at this conclusion. He is quite sure that Mrs. Maybrlck intended to poison her husband, but he entertains what he considers a reasonable doubt as to whether or not the death occurred In consequence of her action. It appeared In evidence that Mr. Maybrlck had been In the habit of taking arsenic, and Mr. Matthews seems to think that his death may have occurred in conse quence of his being addicted to this habit. It is not easy to understand the loglo of the Home Secretary's explanation. Mrs. Maybrlck was either guilty or not guilty of deliberately murdering or seeking to compass the death of Mr. Maybrlck. Her intention to murder is asserted by the Home Secretary, who is yet prepared to recommend that she shall not be executed for the crime. If she set herself the fiendish task of poisoning her husband she ought surely to suffer the penalty. It Is not now a question as to whether the penalty for murder should or should not be death by hanging or by other means. That Is a point settled by law. If, on the other hand, Mrs. Maybrick did not murder her husband, and did not try to do so, the commutation of her sentence is only a less flagrant act of Injustice than the sentence itself was. Our own opinion, expressed at the time cf the conviction and formed upon the evidence which has reached us, is that she cannot be held chargeable with murder. Mr. Maybrick took arsenic, his medical attendants prescribed arsenio —why then, when he died of arsenical poisoning, should his wife be accused of having murdered him? There was no concealment on her part in the matter of the treatment of her husband, and, however convenient his death might be in yiew of hex wicked amoara, ^ _ ^ ^ ^^^^_^^^^__ _ it is not fair to use this as evi dence of her guilt. On a general review of the matter we cannot get away from tbe conviction that Mr. Matthews was influenced in his final decision by the force of outside opinion. From all parts of tbe United Kingdom have come peti tions prajicg fur a commutation of the sentence. These were justifiable on tbe ground that the petitiouera believed Mrs. May brick to be innocent. If they thought that she intended all along to murder her husband, the pereona who signed the petitions would have adopted a different course of action. Mr. Matthews' explanation justifies the conclusion that he yielded to popular clamour. It is that of a man who was convinced of the moral guilt of the prisoner at any rate, but it is just this kind of guiltiness which the petitioners disclaimed on Mrs. Maybrick'a part. The commutation is only mado en all fours with ordinary ideas of justice by supposing that the Home Secretary wants further evidence of tha guilt of the accused— further evidence which would of course be of no use to the accused if the death peDalty had been inflicted. But this supposition is not sup ported by tbe official explanation. It is no wonder then that Press and public ia England demand that a free pardon should be given to Mrs. Maybrick. She was accused of having pohoned her husband and was found guilty. The Home Secretary says that she did not poison her husband, but that she tried to do so. Aooording to this view she did not murder her husband. Why then should she be imprisoned for life ? Because she wanted to poison him. There is no further proof of her having wished to kill Mr. May* brick than there is of her having suc ceeded in accomplishing her wish. In a word, she either killed or contributed criminally to the killing of her husband or she did not. If she did, she should suffer the penalty ; if she did not, she should be fully acquitted of the terrible charge. South Australian Wejbs in Paris. — We publish this morning the list of final awards to Australian wines at the Paris Exhibition. In order to appreciate folly the commercial importance of these awards wo must bear in mind that there is no complimentary business here. At the Colinderies every exhibitor received recognition, and the Jury system proper was not in force. But at Paris competi tion is tho order of the day. Juries have been appointed to consider exhibits from all parts of the world in every class, and these Juries were duplicated. First there is the Jury which went round and examined ail the exhibits, recommending this for a grand prize, the other for a gold or silver or bronzs medal, and a third foe an honourable mention. Whatever did not seem worthy for any one cf these awards was passed over in silence. Then there is the second Jury, which adjudged on the recommendations made by the first, with the power of confirming, lessening, or annulling the previous awards. The Jurors are invariably bound to ba experts —men chosen from all parts of Europe for their particular ability to decide on various classes of exhibits. It is evident, then, that a high prize gained by an exhibit from this double-banked bench of judges must be fully earned. Faults which might have escaped the atten tion of the preliminary Jury would in all likelihood ba detected by fte second Jury, and, where tfe$ original judgment has been confirmed, we may be sure that the article is worthy of the highest commendation. Australian wines have passed through the ordeal in a manner which reflects the utmost credit on our growers and makers. The Juries are composed of men more or less interested in French, Spanish, and Portuguese wines. It is again-* their interest to recommend to publio favour wines which will oompete with those of their own country. Thus we find that objections were raised to Australian makers calling their wines ' champagne' or 'port' on the ground that the titles would create a misconcep tion la the minds of buyers. The imme diate difficulty can hardly be said to exist; for South Australian wines, because in this colony the words ' Bottled In South Aus* tralia'havetobeprintedoneaohlabel. Bub it is a great feather in our cap, and an in controvertible proof of the real excellence of our wines, that the best judges in Europe — however naturally prejudiced they may be against the introduction of cheap and good Australian wines— have- found themselves oompelled to give high prizes to colonial growers. Our own colony has come off very well with three gold and four silver medals. Victorian producers have a longer list to show and one higher priz9, but they laid; themselves out to exhibit more exten sively than the growers of any other colony. We congratulate the winners upon their success, and trust that this will be an incentive to colonial vignerons to perfect their wineB. There is a great market for cheap and good wines in Europe, and this colony is especially adapted by nature to supply that market. It is useless to try to foist off bad stuff, but a good article is sure of obtaining customers. So far South Australian representation at the Paris Exhibition has been fully justi fied, and we can only hope that our wine growers will push the great success whloh they have gained. In France, of all places in the world, high-class wines are sure of finding patronage, and, now that we have created such a good impression there, it only depends upon the enterprise of our vignerons to extend the trade. The Govbrkob Visiting Melbourne.— BisExcellenoy the Barl of Kintare will start on Monday on a short return visit to His Excellency Sir W. F. C. Eoblnaon.G.CM.G., Acting Governor of Viotoria. Daring h a stay In Melbourne the Earl of Eintors will inspect the Agricultural Show. The Review.— The whole of the land forces are to parade this afternoon, and pro ceed to Montefiore Hill, where Major General Edwards will inspect them, after which a review takes place, followed by » sham fight in the new form of attaok. The Commercial Bask Action, — Tho hearing of summonses In reference to this action, which waa to have come on on Friday before Mr. Justioe Bouoaut, has 'been ad journed. The result of the application by creditors that the liquidators should at once pay the outstanding Is. 6d. In the pound of liabilities is awaited with* a good deal of inte* rest. Oob Naval Force.— Oa Friday morning His Excellency the Governor and his two sons, Msjor-General Edwards, Major Brown rigjr, and others paid the gunboat Protector a visit at Large Bay. A good muster of the Naval Reserve went on board prior to the visitors, and everything was In readiness by their arrival for a cruise in the Gulf. His Excellency and party went on board a little after 11 o'clock, and the gunboat then left Largs. Both the reserve and* the Proteotor'a crew had to go through drill, and it is need less to add they acquitted themselves credi tably. A target being laid gun practice wa& indulged in. Three rounds were fired from the 6-inch guns on the starboard side, and two rounds of common shell from the 6-incb guns on the port side. One shot was also fired from her bowohaser. Taking it alto gether the firing was good. After the target had been picked up tbe gunboat proceeded np the river, and His Excellency and party, before she reached her moorings, landed in one of the long boats. She reached the Fort between 3 and 4 o'olock. The City Council Elections. — The Mayor, Aldersen, and Councillors of Ade laide met in the Council Chamber on Friday morning, August 23, to formally swear in the newlyeleoted Councillor for Gawler Ward (Mr. F. W. A. Klauer),and the newly elected! City Auditor (Mr. J. H. Cmmingham). The ceremony having been duly performed the Mayor heajtily congratalftted the gcatlemcB oa vrhcm the choice of the electors fell, aad wel ccmed them to the Council. He ventured to express the opinion that the Aldermen aad Councillors as well as himself were exceed ingly pleased at the return amongst them of Councillor Klaeer. The Coaccil ordered the payment of tbe election eipsnsea, which amounted to £13 lla. S.A. Wises to Pasi?.— Mr. E. B. Sbuns, Ecs. Secretary of the! S.A. Vinesrowera' Association, has handed us the following ex tract ficm a letter received by him from Mr. T. V. Raucb, who represents the vinegrowers at the Paris Exhibition :— 'The S.A. exhi bitors who have obtained gold medal marks are Messrs. T. Hardy & SoaB, Limited, Messrs. Pecfcld & Co , and yourself. Mr. Fccrear (wboia here) his obtained the highest cumber ef pcinta for a silver me3al for his champagne, aad the Jury would have given him a gold medal, as they were mast {leased with the wise, bnt had they coce so it would have been comparing it to the gres: wises cf Champagne. Kany French cparkling wises have obtained only bronza ccd&Is; acd honourable mentions, so Mr Fcnreur has re&ton; to be very proud of his i-cczcu. Year medal was awarded yon for ycer St. George Claict. Oae thing I wish the Association to understand is that, thia Exhi bition ia a cenpetitive ose, and oar medals b&Te; ceea obtained agiusat the world. Austria, I hear, has obtained oaly one gold cedJ, asd Switzerland none.' Ths Poultst Snow.— Taking it all roaad the Poultry Show opened on Friday after cccn in the Old Exhibition Building, and continued to- day, is equal to that of Jaat vear, and in some respects superior. There ia a good master of game, English, and Malay ; the Asiatics are well represented, aud the other varieties of domestic poultry, anch aa Lc ghon-s, Hamburg, and Dorkings, are in fair numbers. .Ducks, geeae, and torkeya are up to the mark, but the competition is cct keen in some classes, The canaries include tcme high-class birds, and the songsters generally form a pleasing feature in the Show. There was a large attendance of visitor*. Special features belong to the Show this afternoon, thers being dogs and cits oa exhibition, besides a fox terrier coursiog match and a homing contest with carrier pigeons. The Secretary may be congratulated epen the success cf the programme so far. A Bisd'seyb Vikw of Adelubs.— Probably one of the best means of advertising Australia in the old country has been by tb.9 circulation cf the large bird'a-eys views of the capitals and principal cities of tha colonies. TheEe were all drawn by Mr. A. C. Cooke, the well-knows architectural artist of Mel bourne. Mr. Cocke is now in Adelaide under engagement to Messrs. Frearson aad Erother, proprietors of the Pictorial Aus tralian, with, which it is proposed to issue at an early date a view of the City of Adelaide, taken from an opposite point to that of the view of the city issued sose time since. Tha picture will cover C5 in. by 42 in., probably the largest view ever issued in Australia. It is the intention cf the proprietors of the Pictorial Australian to issue [an industrial supplement in a few months, and while in Adelaide Mr. Cooke will sketch in connection with it most of the leading manufacturing works of the colony. Ms. H. Kilves Nilsox.— This gentlem xa. who for some years has held the poat of principal bass at Christ Church Cathedral, Oxford, England, is staving here for a few days until the departure of the Valatta, when he returns to England after an extended tour through the colonies. He has done same tinging and some teaching inmost Australian cities, and has everywhere made a good name for himself. He is returning to fill an excellent position in England. He ia going to sins the aathcai at St. Peter's Cathedral hi evensong io-nighi. Salt Wosss.— Active operations hive been started in connection with the salt works to be erected at Birkenhead. A gang cf men are employed tilling up the laud, while others are preparing to carry oat a wharf frontage so as to accommodate ths veutla brisging over the crude salt from Yerke's Peninsula. The site of ths refinery s next to Mr. Fletcher's at the Port; in f act the land is part of bis estate, which has been leased to the Company. Ths Lats Ma. W. L. Mabchast.— A cor respondent writes :— ' it was only as recently ss lass March, whilst strolling down Regent street, London, that I met Mr. William JIarcsant ; net catching his eye, I gave in p ailing tbe Australian coo-eein a aubduei key. This brcsgbt my old friend quickly to a standstill, who, turning round, greeted me warmly, exclaiming — * Ah, yon see, I have not ioigotten the old Australian boah call.' We had a long chat about old friends aad golden times. Although suffering acutely as te must have been, he was as cheerful and genial aa ever, and there was nothing in his penonal appearance to indicate that his end was so near, or that another gap in the thinning racks of the old pioneers was so soon to be made.' Madams Valeiia asd Fobtose tellisg. —We have been informed that ths action brosgbt agaicss Madame Valetta by the police was taken by the detectives in con?eqnecce cf complaints made by several people i'aat considerable trouble had been caused in their f aiEiiies by t&e; statements of the ' fortune tellers,' of whom there are several in the city. In seme cases the misatatementa of ti:E;a women have led to hoses beisg broken up, hence the action of the polico. The woman who went to Madame Valetta is not Inspector Salli va&'s wife, as was stated by Mr. Kirkham ilvar.8 in & letter, bst the female searcher at the Police Station. Inspector Sullivan sent a Ittter to Mr. Rirkham Evans, calling his attention to the misst&tsaent;, and has re ctived the following reply :— 'I very much regret the error, and will lose no time in making tbe correction. I hid no letter before me when Iwrote the letter, and aim ply gave the impression I had re:eived when I read the case in the Police Court, thiaking it was your wife. Kindly convey to Mrs. Sal livan my apology for the mistake.— I am, &c;, Kibkham Evxss.' MA3ETC Boasd Esquihy..— On Friday morning the Marine Board ut as a Court of Enquiry, and took evidence touching the cause of the collision between the a.s. Wil can&ia; and the ketch Active. There were pretent Wardens Formby (Chairman), Legoe. ISeill, and McCoy, and the Secretary (Mr. T. N.Stephens). Mr. J. U. Dempster watched the case on bshalf of the steamer, Mr. Willimott for the tugs, and Mr. Le Messurier for the injured ketch. The Board reserved their decision till Thursday next Weetcah College.— An excellent enter* tainmsnt was given in the Whinham College Lecture Hall, which was crowded, on Friday eveainfr The Bev. F. Hasting*, who pre sided, said that ths collection made was to ae&iat; the Athletic Club connected with the College, and more especially to purchase a racing boat to replace the ose which was washed away by the April flooo. He took the opportunity to say that when he landed in the colony he had no thoaght of having anything to do with the College. Mr. Whinh^m repeatedly prcs3od him to take it, and it was only when he saw that the College might go into hands of some one who might teach what he would not iike to see taught that he took the College. There was now an efficient staff of masters, who would impart a ecucd commercial training, and at the ssme time endeavour to fit the pupils for the whole of life. They would not undertake to teach religion, but a religious influence would certainly' be exercised. It was not thair duty to turn the College into a Sunday school. The programme, which coasfetsd o. glee2, sasgs, a quartet, and two dusts, were carried out by Mesdamej Rorke, Lyons, and Jcaee, HUa Hubble, Messrs. H. G. Nash, P. S. Bleechmore, T. W. Lyons, and A. Eistisss, the gleea beisg sung by several ether ladies ana gentlemen under the baton cf Mr. Lyons. Mr. T. H. Jonas, the accompanist, played two selections on the tiano. Tne concert was a decided success, Railway. Azles.— Another of the eeri«3 o! ire: x ublfc lectures arranged by the Chamber of Manufactures was given ia the Eastern Annexe of the Jubilee Exhibition BoOdiag os Friday evening, August 23. The lecturer was l!r. E. A. White, C.E., and the subjsst, 'Railway Axles; their designs, manufac ture, and Izzis.' The i;icad-n.w was largo, and Mr. L. Orayson, M.P., presided. Ia i introducing tie lecturer the Chairmin remarked that railway axles revolved with such velocity and received such a number of shocks and concussions that it was of vital importance that the axles should be made of the best possible material and design. Mr. White stated that he was a member of the Board recently appointed by the Government to enquire into and report upon railway axlea and their tests, and that he dissented from the majority of the members on the question of tests. People had called him obstinate, and said that he could not agree with any one, but he could not help that. He con sidered that he was right in this matter, and would maintain his opinion, although everybody might be against him. Had the Board not transacted their business so hurriedly he would have placed a few fasts before bis fellow-msmbsrs that might have induced them to agree with him. Mr. White favoured the drop teat, and having looked into the subject since he was more than ever convinced that that test was the proper one to apply. He quoted Sir Frederick Brain well U&te; President of the Institute of Civil Engineers), Mr. Benjamin Baker, M.LC.S. (Sir John Fowler's partner), Mr. Sandbery (a celebrated engineer of London, who in hia time bad tested more than 300,000 steel and iron axles), and other eminent authorities in sup port of this test. This 'drop' teat, he explained, meant the dropping of a weight upon the centre of the axle until the axle had a certain set. It would then be straightened by another drop weight, the process being thrice repeated. If it with stood these testa then there was suffi cient proof that no flair or bad welding existed, and it followed that the axle was of gooi material and good workmanship. The application of this test to the whole axle, combined with proper supervision, ensured perfect safety. The tensile test, whioh the majority of the Board recommended, was in Mr. White's opinion perfectly ridiculous, and might reasonably be compared to letting the strength of a bridge by taking a girder, and concluding that the whols bridge was sound or otherwise, simply because this girder was sound or unsound. Thefict that axles, rails, and tiers had to submit in actual practice to severe concussions clearly showed that this test was the proper one. With the aid of the blackboard Mr. White explained the different methods of manufacture and the strains which railway axles were c&lled; upon to sustain. He did not condemn the solid axles if they could be made in the colony, but if they could not be made here then other designs should be used. He considered that any ordinary firm of blacksmiths could manufacture them, and that they could be made just as safe, and even stronger, than those turned out accord ing to the existing designs. Mr. White dilated at length upon the manufasture of axles in South Australia, which was so important a subject considering that the last contract by tbe Government meant an expenditure of £3.CC0. He expressed the belief that steel axles could not be made in the colony for many yean, so that if it were demanded that only this kind could be need the manufac ture of axles In the colony would be altogether abolished. Mr. White was accorded a vote of thankB for what was considered a highly interesting and valuable lecture. Ths Auckland Fbbb Library..— An old South Australian colonist who recently visited Auckland, New Zsaland, has sent us the following notes concerning % gift of valu able books and pamphlets which Sir George Grey, E.C.B., has made to the Free Library of that city :— ' My stay in Auckland was ve/y short, and was limited to a few hoars In the evening. Not, thereforej being able to see anything of the city I confined my attention to the Free Library, which iaoi dentally I had heard was well worth seeing. The structure, which was opened in 1887, was, I learned, built to tha designs of Mr. J. H. Grainger (formerly of Adelaide) and Mr. D'Ebro, and ia after the Gothio style of architecture. The hall on the ground floor openi into a reading-room 32 ft. by 85 ft, and a chessroom 21 ft. by 25 ft: while on the first floor there are two rooms, one 95 ft. by 35 ft. and 32 ft. high, which is occupied by the library, and the other 24 ft. by 25 ft., which is tha librarian's rcom. The library ia remarkable for what is known as the Grey Collection, which is the Rift of Sir George Grey, K.C.B., a former Governor of South Australia, who is atfil alive, and is the Grand Old Man of New Zealand. The gift isamost unique one, and its money value the London THmts has estimatsd at no less a cum than £10,000. The collection comprises about 8.CC0 volumes and pamphlets, many of them being exceedingly rare. Among them are fifty-three MSS. in Greek, Latin, Coptic, and Arabic, dating from the tenth century, twenty-four fifteenth century editions, asd oixty volumes of the sixteenth century, about 7 .000 autograph letters, 200 MSS. ticccsientr, 300 maps, charts, and plans, 3C0 public addresses, and about 300 curios. Among the early printed books are three Cartons, Higden's Polychronlcon, 1482 ; the Golden Legend (large folio), 14S3 ; Virgil's Eneydos (folio), 1490 ; a copy of the first Dutch Bible, printed in Delft in 1477, together with many valuable editions in block letter. Among tbe MSS. is a splendid copy of the Bible in two large folio volumes, beautifully written on vellum, with Qluxi nated capitals, and the writing U as clear and as well preserved as if it had baen execnted a week oro. It ia from the work that tho first Bible was printed in Germany by Gutenberg about the year 1450. Sir George Grey gave 3,000 guineas for it, and it is now considered to be worth nearly doable this sum. Thisdep&rtmentincludeamany; valu able documents, among which are Cromwell MSS. and the treaty made by Richard Crom well, tbe MSS. written by Sir Joseph Banks on the discovery of Australia, New Zealand, and some of the islands of the Pasifio, together with a number of letters relating to Captain Cooke and hia discoveries. Among the unpublished autograph lettsrs which par ticularly relate to the history of the present century are letter* from Her Majesty Queen Victoria, from Gladstone fifty yean ago and two years ago, from Lady Franklin, Florence Nightingale, Dra. Moffat and living stone, General Cathcart, Captains Speke and Start, Bithops Whately, Crowther, Colenso, andSelwyn; and also one of Lord Nelson's, granting the protection of Hia Majesty's flig to twelve sail o! vessels belonging to the United States of America in the roadstead of Malaga. 1 noticed among the pamphlets i large number relating to the early history oi South Australia, some of which are of greal value now. I was informed that Sir George tome yeaia ago presented to the Cape Colon] a collection almost, if not quite, as valuabli as that which be has recently given to th- City of Auckland, with whose- citizens he ii deservingly popular. Sooth Australian Law Society.— Th- annual meeting of the South Australian La? Society was held on Friday, August 23, Mr W. D. Scott in the chair. We take the fol lowing from the report of the Council: 'The Council have tbe pleasure to subml hsrewitb a statement of receipts and ex penditure to June 30, 1889, showing abalauc in hand of £30 lls. 2d. There are arrears o subscriptions outstanding, the bulk of whicl will, it is expected, be shortly collected amountingtothesumof £9513s. TheCounci deeply regret to have to record the deatl since their last annual meeting of the Hoi C. Mann, Q.C., who was for several yean th standing counsel of the Society. The Coonci feel that hia death ia a great losa, both to th publio and to tbe profession. TheCounci have held numerous meetings during the pas year, and have considered and dealt wit! various matters affecting the interests of th profession. The Council are informed b; Messrs. P. B. Stow and M. Attenborougb who undertook to edit the S.A. Law Report for the years 1886 and 1887, that the aam are now in course of preparation and wil shortly be published. The Council hav appointed Mr. G. N. Hardy to prepare tfa Lav Reports for 1888, and arrangements ha* been made with him for the more speed ierae in future of the reports. The Coanc wish to express their warm thanks to tl Hon. Secretary for bis indefatigable exertioi on behalf of the Society. A great deal of hi time has been devoted to our service, as the various duties which he has perform* In so satisfactory a manner have entailed c him a. great deal of trouble.' The office and Council for tha ensuing year ware ap pointed as follows :— President, the Attorney General, Hon. B. A. Moulden ; VicePre sident, Mr. T. B. Gall ; Council, Dr. Barlow, Messrs. W. J. Belt, R. G. Moore, B. C. Gwjnne, P. K. Stow, a F. Fenn, T. R. Bright, W. H. Wadey, and H. Upton ; Secretary and Treasurer, Mr. J. Nioholson. Thb Btodsy Memorial Fund.— A meet ing of the committee of this fund was bold at Mr. H. D. Geil's office on Friday, the Rev. J. Bickford presiding. The sum of £11 2s. 6tL was handed in, the previous subscriptions amounting to £118 Is. 5d., and it waa an nounced that about £20 had been promised. It waa decided to await a voluntary response to the circulars before making a penonal canvass, and to publish a list of subset ibers to the fund after the completion of the canvass. Ths Watkb os the Hesley Beach boad. —Messrs. Hagodorn, Gray, Green, and Bulk, representing the Adelaide and Hindmarah Tramway Company, waited on the Commis sioner of Crown Lands (Hon. T. Burgoyne) on Friday morning, and asked that something ehonld be done to the Henley Beaoh-road. It was pointed out that near the Fulham Bridge tbe road was covered with water for 2C0 or 300 yards, and the Company's cars oould not oro» a the other day after the rain, when the water was two feet deep. If the debris were cleared away from the bridge the water would not overflow. The District Council of West Tonens had utterly failed in their duty by not clearing away the dlbris. The matter should be dealt with promptly, and they asked the Commissioner to cause the debris to be moved. The Commissioner expressed the opinion that the District Council should do what was right to them as ratepayers. The Council would probably have a special grant, and he hoped they would devote some ol it to clearing away tbe debris. South Australian Shorthand Associa tion.— This Association held their weekly meeting at the Shorthand Institute, Pirie street, on Friday evening, when after tha usual shorthand practice the Association's representatives to the Union Parliament re hearsed the part they took in the business of the session. Of the six M.P.'s representing the Association Messrs, Hogg, Poscoe, McCarthy, and Doley expressed their views, asd were by a large majority accorded a vote of thanks and confidence. Industrial School for the Blind.— Tbe monthly committee meeting of the above was held at the institution on Friday, August 23. Present— Mr. T. S. Reid (in the chair), Messrs. D. Garick, S. Goode, W. H. Steven son, W. Burford, M. H. Madge, W. Pen gelley, and J. Gnrr, Revs. R. E. Finlayson aud W. E. Rice, Mr. G. W. Hawkes (Treasurer), Rev. John McEwin (Hon. Secretary), Sir. D. Sterne, and the Manager (Mr. A. W. Hendr?). Apologies were received from Mr. C. fl. Husiey, M.P. ,Rev. P. Jorgenson, and Messrs. H, T. Fry, D. Nock, F. Hagedorn, and G H. Goode. It was resolved to write to Mr. C. EL Goode, conveying to him the sympathy of the committee in his late bereavement. A com munication was received from Her Excellency Lady Kintore consenting to beoome Presi dent of the Ladies' Committee. The Business and Finance Committee reported— Accounts paszed, £82 le. 7d.; requirements for raw material, £272 4a. 91; also receiving a bequest from Mrs. Eliza Ekins of about £37 after deducting all expenses. The Maaager reported productions for July— Brashes, 1,563 ; mats, 154; baskets, 227. Sales, £182; re ceipts for goods, £147; snbicrlptions and donations, £70; liabilities to date, £51L Thomas Roderhouie, from Mount Gambler, and Park Barrett, bom Moonta, were ad mitted as pupils. Resolved that a vote of thanks be forwarded to His Excellency Lord Kintore for his handsome donation of £26 to be applied to the support of one blind pupil for twelve months. Tbe Secretary waa also authorized to write thanking Messrs. F. and H. C. Barrett, of Gawler, for a gift of horse hair ; Mr. Weidenhbfer, of Kent Town, for gifts of osiers ; the Hon. G. C Hawker and Mr. Joshua Gurr for gifts of oranges; also to Mr. Cox, of North Adelaide, for driving the blind choir to concerts. Home Teacher re ported having paid 141 visits ; 128 volumes bad been circulated. There was an addition of one pupil and a decrease by death of two pupils. The MSS. Braille Writing Society at its meeting on July 18 presented to the library Dickens's 'Christmas Carol' (Marley's Ghost) ; Mr. Walter Dixson also pre sented a Biblical dictionary in four volumes written in Moon type ; books In library, 463 volumes. The Manager reported that tha retail trade of the institution was improving, and that visits bad been paid by and orders received from Her Excellency Lady Kintore, Mrs. J. G. Ramsay, Mr. and Mrs. Bowman, Mrs. Baker, and others. Aborigines' Friends' Association. — A meeting of the committee was held on August 23. Present-Tho Revs. F. W. Cox (Chairman),D. Paton, M.A.,B.1-., J. McEwin, Messrs. J. Pickering, M. Goode, J. Gurr, J. Hales, M.H. Madge, J.Crase, W. PengUly, W. Neill, C. J. Holder, D. Blackwell (Super intendent), C. A. Oldham (Hon. Treasurer), and C N. Collison (Hon. Secretars). An apclcgy was made for the absence of Mr. C B. Young. The Rev. J. McEwin opened the meeting with prayer. Tbe Secretary reported that the request of the aboriginal employes for Saturday half-holiday had been complied with, and the Superintendent said the boon was appreciated. In reference to football matches it waa resolved that the Chairman and Secretary be authorized to deal with any application made through the Superinten dent, endeavouring if consent given to arrange for an officer to be in charge. The committee, as previously mentioned, dis countenance the presence of the natives is the city unless special reasons exist to the contrary. A letter was received from Messrs. Moulden & Sons, notifying a legacy of £100 by tbe late Mr. William Parkin. The Chairman said he was prepared to re port en Mr. W. Heath's charges, but as there was a large quantity of other business it waa allowed to stand over. The Chairman re* ported that the question of the organization of a Mission Station in tbe centre of the continent bad engaged bis attention. It was felt that it would be very desirable If such could be established, and it was resolved that Messrs. McEwin, Neill, and Goode, with all other members of tbe com mittee who could, should wait upon the Commissioner of Crown Lands and I lay the matter before him. The report of the Finance Committee waa read and adopted. It was resolved to hold tbe annual meeting about the third week in September, and to Include a sale of native baskets, mats, and other goods. The Chairman, Treasurer, and Secretary, and Messrs. Madge and Crase were appointed a rab- eommlttee to make arrangements. A report by Dr. Rennie on a recent visit to the station was read, and ordered to be printed. The Secretary re ported that the question of ohioory cultiva tion by Irrigation at the station had been considered, but it was thought the soU was not rich enough, and attention was being devoted chiefly to lucerne and fodder plants , for increasing the stocking capacity of the ; station. The Single Tax Crusade.— On Thursday i evening, August 22, Mr. J. N. Birks delivered his lecture on the single tax at the Bible t Christian Church, Findon, to a fair audience. , In an eloqnent address the lecturer pointed L out the present great inequalities in the dii i tribution of wealth, the overcrowding In , cities, and the SDarsity of population in the \- country, all dne to our present unjust system [ of land tenure. The manner in which the \- single tax would remedy these evils was [ dwelt upon, the proposed new system being j bated upon absolute justice. Although we i had abolished negro slavery, yet an industrial i slavery in a far more aggravated form than r ever negro slavery was existed in our midst , to-day. Rebutting the statement ao often i made that over-population was the cause of j present poverty, tbe speaker quoted from I Badiy't Magazine figures showing that there I were 2,400 grouse moon reserved in Scotland, , and the proportion of birds to land was one a bird to ten acres. A vote of thanks to tbe f lecturer concluded tbe proceedings. 1 A Habdsome Church Donation.— At a a meeting held en Wednesday evening, Aneuat s 21, of the congregation of Christ Church, b Kapunda, Canon Wbitiogton announced 1 (reports tbe local Herald) 'that the two i gentlemen (who desire that their names a should not* be made publio) to whom s the parish is iadebfod to the amount af £500 had— in response to tbe rev. jenUemau's request that they would state (he most favourable terms whioh he cool 1 [ay before his people, preliminary to making in effort to meet: the debt— moat geaerously affered to extinguish the entire liability upon the condition (suggested by Canon Whiting ton) tbat the parishioners at once undertake to build a schoolroom on the Church pro ?fcrty.' The meeting expressed their hearty appreciation of the proffered gift, and ap pointed & committee to formulate a scheme for erectisg the school building suggested. Death of Lady Verdon.— The news of the demise of Lady Verdon (says the Mel bourne Herald) will come with startling suddenness upon the Melbourne publio. The deceased lady, who was intimately known in lociety circles in Melbourne, resided with her husband, Sir George Verdon, at hia superb mansion in connection with tbe Eag lisb, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank. AlthoughLady Verdon had been unable to take substantial ailment for some days past it was not anticipated the end was so near. Ibe deceased lady was fifty-two yean of age, and was married to Sir George Verdon about thiity yean ago. Lady Verdon leaves a family of four sons, two of whom are in Mel bourne, one at Cambridge University, and the eldest, Mr. Arthur Verdon, ia America. Lady Verdon took a prominent part in ohan table and benevolent works, and was held in high esteem. Palmistry.— **Misa'Mantilini'writeain the Pall Mali Budget:— 'The Queen is a believer b palmistry, and the Princess of Wales patro nises a palmist. Novelists, physicians, mem ben of Parliament, young maids and old maids, go to Mrs. Louise Cotton, 43, Abiog don Villas, High-Btreet, Kensington, to hear lometbing about their future. The palmist is a fair-haired woman about 40. She wore a neat cotton dress, and looked quiet and homely when I saw her. She took me to her confidential room, where she said she caw about five different people every day. Three Dukes are among her oliante. *I have twelve of one family and nine o! another,' aaid Mrs. Cotton; * and one lady sent me twenty people. I have several celebrities. Five hands are tbe utmost I can do in a day. I travel over every line in the band with a powerful magnifying glass. The lints of a man's hand are usually bettor defined than a woman's. Some people's hands have scarcely any lines— they are people of quiet, uneventful lives.' Mrs. Cot ton aaid she usually found professional women vain and ambitious. »The hardest people to get along with are the incredulous. They sneer at palmistry, although I know that all tbe time they are on edge to know what I have to say about them— more eagar than those who profess openly to believe. Then I have some enemies in old ladies, who look upon me as a witch. Nervous people come trembling into this room, but on tbe whole my customers are self-possessed and willing to know everything good and everything evil I can tell them. Yes ; ladies often come to consult me about their marriage and money prospects. I don't think I have more women than men,' added tbe palmist' The I^tsw Embassy.— Considerable sur prise Is expressed in many quartan (writes the Melbourne Daily Telegraph) at the lengthened stay which Mr. John Dillon, M.P., one of the Irish envoys, is making in Australia. When he arrived in .Victoria he announced that he could not extend his visit longer than two months, but be baa been here now double that time, and will not leave for another two months yet It Is said by his party that this change of arrangement ia dne to the success with which his mission has been attended, and also to the fact that when making their arrangements tha envoys were cot aware tbat the country waa so thickly settled as It is. Moreover, it is stated that invitations from country centres have been so numerous and urgent that Mr. Dillon has not oared to decline them. The party anticipate that before the envoys have finished with Australia they will have raised between £35,000 and £40,000, and of this sum, so it is said, quite one-half is eitbet in hand or promised, A Niw Foragb Plant.— The following cutting from the North British Aqricidtvurist of July 8 has been supplied by Mr. J. Cbiistison, of Clare, who expresses the opinion that it is worth the attention of South Australian farmers or perhaps the Agricultural Bureau:— 'Farmers may be pardoned for hearing with a feeling of caution, merging into distrust, of some wonderful new plant which will grow enormous and moat profitable crops on even the poorest soils, and which seenu able to grow luxuriantly In any climate. Bat the facts that have just come to hand should go far to convince even the most sceptical that a most valuable forage plant is now being placed at the service of agri culturists. The plant In question is Lathyrus Sflvestris Wagneri, or Wagner's flat pea. Tbe credit of having brought thia plant to its present atate of development, through half a century of constant experimenting and improvement, belongs to Mr. Wagner, a well-known scientist, of Germany. The Lathyrus SQvestris grows in a wild state on the pampas of South America, where it flourishes so luxuriantly that sheep are frequently entangled in it and smothered by its rank ness and closeness of growth. In its wild state the seed of the plant is unable to germinate, bat after fifty yean of the most careful cultivation this difficulty has been completely over come. The plant belongs to the order of the Legnminocse, and as snob it is able to forage for itself in regard to nitrogen, of which it obtains abundant supplies either from ths lower strata of soil or from the boundlets atmospheric stores. Even on tbe poorest soils it grows a crop which will yield at least 4 tons of hay per acre, and the nutritive value of the crop, as determined by cbemlca analysis, is about twice as great as that of olever hay. The Prussian Minister of Agriculture has been so deeply impressed with the great value of this plant that a Government order has just been issued, granting to every Prussian landowner who cultivates this plant on hia waste land a subsidy of thirty shillings per hectare— a hectare being equal to two and a half English standard acre*. As a consequence of this Imperial recognition of the value of the plant all tbe available seed of the cultivated plant has been bought np at famine pricas, but a number of young plants have been received for sale by the Lathyrus Silveatris Agency, Liverpool. Vital Statistics.— The number of births and deaths registered in the General Register Office dnringtheweekendedSatnrday, August 17, 18S9, were: — Births — 105 males, 91 females; deaths— 25 males, 28 females ; total —199 births, 53 deaths. Excess of births, 146. The Kstriot of Adelaide. - Births - 26 males, 21 females; deaths— 10 males, 10 females ; total— 47 births, 20 deaths. Excess of births, 27. LmBABY Societies' Union.— The Secre tary has received the following entries for the annual competition:— Essay, 1; poems, 12; novelettes, 17; music competitions, 8; impromptu essay, 21; elocution, 24; extem pore speaking,* 24; solo singing, 19; part singing, 3 ; dramatio scene, 7. The first pre liminary competition takes place on Monday, between the South Adelaide Sodetiev. Wink Show.— Entries for the Wine Show of the Royal Agricultural and Horticultural Society dose at 4 o'clock p.m. on Monday, August 26. ?-» New Legal Firm.— Messrs. * J. M. Stuart andS. H. Bleechmore announce that they have entered into partnership, ar- ^ 