BUSH AND CAMP. I A TRAGEDY IN BLACK. BY DAVID G. FALK. I Of Cootuberah-a back-block sheep station situated in the Maranoa district of Queens land, between the Culgoa and Warrego Rivers, something hae already beeu 6aid, and also of its hardy manager, a stalwart young buabman named George Linton.* Tbe ran, remote from civilisation, and in the heart of a newly-settled district, was the scene of many a carious episode ; but perhaps tbe most curious of all was the one set forth in the following narrative. It was the chosen camping-ground of numerous blacks, most of them in a semi wild state, a few broken into tbe restraints of bush civilisation. Among the latter was a stalwart blackfellow named Drains, who, somewhat strange to eay, proved himself a good and trustworthy shepherd, lie waa uiveu charge of a flock of sheep, and shep herded them on a part of the run boasting the euphonious name of Gidgibogo. This Bralga was a remarkably fine speci men of an aboriKine, tall, strong, and hardy, and with a face unasually intelligent and well-favoured for a blackfellow. For two or three months he went on well and satis factorily with his flock of wethers at Gidgi bogo, and gave no trouble; but one morning, waking up to the fact that lite was bat a mere empty pretence without the consolation of love, he determined to provide himself with a helpmate and sharer of his solitude and eo brought about all the trouble that fol lowed. Primitive as life is in the Queensland busb, and opposed as are its usages to those that obtain in a more perfected state of society, the same human laws control both, and poor Bralga soon proved to hiB exceeding hurt that, as in cities so in the bush, it is gene rally a woman who is at tbe bottom of all trouble. Having made op his mind to the advan tages of wedded bliss, Bralga lost no time in consummating his desires. Leaving bis flock in temporary charge of one of his fellows, he marched up to tbe head station and sought audience of its manager. " Mine get gin," he said to Linton, with ali a blackfeilow's curtness. "Budgery that, mine think it All too much one leljer alonga Gidgibogo. Jess make budgery gin. By-m'-by mine go back alonga mongey. In this thoroughly orthodox manner be made it understood that be found lite lonely by himself, and that he desired to take a wife to himself, and then return to hie sheep. The announcement made, he niarcbed off without further ado, to put his plan into action. . The damsel who had secured his affections was a round-faced lubra, whose features were distorted with a perennial grin. Whether it was this latter that had won Bralga's admiration, or a certain oleaginous fatness that characterised her, is bard to say; bnt whether it waa tbe one or tbe other, or both combined, be laid hiB hand and BIS heart at ber feet, and was accepted without hesitation or coyness on tbe part ol tne lady. The ceremonies accompanying tbe a1'16"®® were somewhat peculiar in character, tnougo in slightly varying guise they are common on Bucb occasions to most of the tribes 01 Queensland blacks. . , , They were initiated by the bride-elect going away with the oldest and most expe rienced gin in the camp, and remaining in seclusion with ber for four or five aay»; This, presumably, was for the purpose or inculcating in her mind those moral prin ciples of wifehood and matronage that, even in the bush, are the necessary adjuncts successful and happy married state. period of mysterious probation through, permission to return was by the husband-elect. Acting upon this, tne bride re-entered the camp with her nea covered, so that nobody should seei ne blushed, and hid herself in her mothers mia-mia until dark. When evening had Bee well in, all the gins and lubras of the woe collected in front of the mia- mia, and leading forth the heroine of the hour, took ber 10 some distance out into the bu6b. forming a long line, they all advanced nana in-hand back towards the camp, tbe .bride the centre, Kvery now and again. T ' stopped to chant in a low-toned, mopotono way, until they had almost reached the <»»P fires. Then the bride, letting go berj panions* hands, ran quickly tim0 slapped her fnture partner, who all tbe t had stood with his lace turned irom T.imefl vancingline of women, two or three i on tbe back. This done, she retreated _ q again, and ran to some distance, wne temporary mia-mia had been p«v'? bl# erected for her. On the retirement0 lady-love, Bralga. assisted by Ms male panions, indulged in acorroboree onbje account! and then, escorted by bis retired to his quarters .at the other ena o the camp. Every night for aboo'* ^ tbe bride, with her own fair tyj"d^J?0pied her mia-mia a little neater -to $ jL she by her lord and master, ontil foaUy shared bis, and the marriage ceremonies ww .8*e "The HauntedUnk." ;t'AurtrilM^ Mbrnuyf. , ... p_-e of his flock at Gidribogo, and every th? careoi «" " - fai £utare happiness. 4ttPXs! treble wme all too quickly; th^«ven <3ouree of bis married life was BOOH £!irnow dire disturbance. Vol* week or two an almost idyllic state f 11 ? iini nrnn reigned in the primitive esta wiahment a^Gidpbogo; but then came mis understandings, quarrels, and jealousy, partly She outcome of a spirit of coquetry on the Mrt of Madame Bralga, and partly aa a result Sf the compromising attentions of a dusky Don Joan named Powrie ChBrlie. This disturber of the peace bad been a former admirer of the lady'* and was indeed to have married her himself. But he being Mray on a hunting expedition, and Bralga having come forward, Jess had wisely con eluded that one lover on hand was better than one in the bush, and so bad bestowed the wealth of her affections on her present husband in place of the absent one. But Powrie Charlie, returning from the chase crowned with victory, was not disposed to see his lady-love token from him with that unount of philosophy which sbonld charac terise unsuccessful lovers. Owning to no higher moral standard than that might is right. he tried to win her still, the fact of her being another's having doubtless little practical value in his eyes. So with evil in tent he hung about Gidgibogo, and aroused that jealousy in Bralga's breast that was the first breaking up of his connubial happineBs. Stormy times ensued, for, as before hinted, Madame Bralga coquetted most reprehensibly with her sable lover, whilst Bralga, on the other hand, soon exhibited signs of the most virulent jealousy. His mistrust once aroused his disapproval of his wife's frivolous conduct took a very active form indeed, for he soon commenced to beat her without mercy. But even this failed to have anything but the most transient effect So one day, taking up a waddy and nullah, Bralga lay in wait for his rival, determined to light to the death for his love and his honour. That fight has been historical ever since in the records of Coomberah, and at the time it uras currently said that the noiae occasioned by the banging of one another's heads with waddies could be beatd half a mile off. What truth there was in this need not be in quired into; it is sufficient for the purpose of the story to know that Powrie Charlie re ceived a most anmerciful beating at the hands of the outraged husband, and left the | field clear fot the victor. A couple of days after the vanquished one put in an appearance at the head- Btation, and sought the presence of the manager, Linton. Powrie Charlie had a request to make, and he did it with manly straightforwardness. " You know Bralga, that fellow look out mongey Gidgibogo f he said. " Baal him any good. You shoot him, mine think it, then him go bong. He take urn gin Jess, look out mongey like it him. Budgery that Dam cogue, Bralga, mine think it S'posin' you make um that, mine sit down long time alonga mongey." Strange as was his phraseology, his mean ing was plain. He wanted Linton to shoot the husband-elect, so that on his death be (Powrie Charlie) could take Jess to wife, and take charge of Bralga's flock. The induce ment for this was that he would shepherd for Linton long and faithful!/. To literally transcribe the manager's reply to this trifling request would be to set down more vituperation than might be approved of, and so it may suffice to my that Linton gave Powrie Charlie to understand in pretty round terms that he was not accustomed to shoot people at the request of others, and finally [ drove him off by threatening to shoot Mr. Powrie himself instead. " The skulking black hound," exclaimed the outraged young manager, as Powrie sneaked off. " I've half a mind to put a charge of shot in his bide as it is. I'd better warn Bralga, or he'll get a spear through him When he isn't looking some day." But, as it turned out, Bralga's treacherous enemy attacked in another way. Each of the shepherds on Coomberah was provided with a bottle of strychnine crystals to poison dingoea with, and it was by means of this deadly poison that the cowardly Powrie Charlie sought to attain his revenge and re move his rival at the same time. By some means he got possession of a bottle-probably he stole it, and one day, whilst the unsuspicious Bralga went off into the bush for some purpose, leaving a billy full of tea standing before his camp-fire, the j cowardly blackfellow stole up and emptied half the bottle into the tea-can. Back came Bralga thirsty from his ramble, took up the billy-cau, gave two or three capacious gulps, and then fell back con vulsed with agony. Luckily for him the would-be murderer had overdone his part He had put too much of the strychnine in the tea, so that almost as soon as it was down Bralga brought it all up again. His wife, too, actea with the most noble fortitude under these trying circumstances, for, seeing him rolling on the ground and uttering the moat dismal cries, she evidently cume to die con clusion he was possessed by a " debbil," and thwacked him most unmercifully with his own waddr. : But this having little effect,, she endeavoured to harass the enemy in i another way, and wisely concluding that the only way to get At it was through her hus band's widely distended mouth, she poked pieces of stick down his throat, until he was as sick as mortal man could possibly be, and live through it Eventually he got better, and to the end of her days Jess attributed his recovery to her persistent attack on the "debbil" in bis stronghold, and stoutly averred that Bhe with her own eyes saw the j Satanic visitant emerge black and hideous i from her husband's mouth, and lly away. But poor Bralga was deplorably ill for fully a week after. During that time, strange to say, he waa nursed with theutmoetBolicitude by bis wife, who, evidently ashamed of ber lover's cowardice and treachery, and prond of ber husband's and her own victory over the powers of darkness and diablerie, turned to him with renewed affection. When he waa recovered sufficiently to crawl into the head station, he related to Linton the particulars of the treacherous attempt on his life, clearly proving the doer of the'deed waa Powrie Charlie, as the track of that humourist's great S[.!ay feet was not to be mistaken. livery man on the station, when the affair became known, vowed vengeance agaiuet the poisoner, and all the white men on Loomberah kept a bright look- out in order to make an example of him. "lit a surprisa was in store for them, for ®?eday he turned np at the station, perfectly w bis ease and wholly unconscious of the storm brewing lot him. In all probability oe thought Bralga was dead, for it transpired iT** t , be naa been out at Gidgibogo, and M Bralga and his gin were then in At the homestead, Powrie no doubt concluded that j iue one was defunct and the other again in, blessedness under the protection of the blacks in the main camp. And doubtless that dead men tell no tales, he had nrS? kta bride with a light heart, and untouched by any puerile thoughts of re -Jtat a bitter surprise was in store for him, ao sooner had be put in u appearance than lie *M set on by the few white men on the place, very much maltreated, and finally deed^.'o * to RWa^ judgment for hia mis . One of bis captors openly suggested hang* ing, another shooting, and all agreed that an example ought to be made of the rascally blackfellow. But Linton set his face against taking the lav into tbeir own handa in a way that might subsequently inculpate them and lead to mischief. and forbade any active measures being taken ontil he bad had time to consider the case. "The boss is mighty tender-hearted over the black cuss," Baid one of the men brutally. 'Why not get it over and put a bullet through him ? It's what be deserves, and he'll get it some day, take my word for it." "Aye, aye;" chorused the rest. "It'd only serve him right." But Linton was not to be led away by popular opinion. Punish the would-be murderer he was quite willing to, indeed had determined to; but to actually bring about his death was going too far. The whole of that day Powrie Charlie was kept roped to a box sapling to await judg ment, and during that time Linton racked his brain tor a plan whereby to punish with out actually injuring him. At last a brilliant idea came into his mind, and he set himself to put it in action without lose of time. "Great Scott!" he cried with a yell, as the idea first flashed across his mind. " The very thing. It'll frighten h- out of the beggar,and I'll bet be won't Bhow his ugly face on Coo tri be rah again as long as I'm here." Galling the men together, he explained to them his plan. His words were greeted with uproarioua merriment and every token of boisterous approval. "By cripea!" ejaculated the man who had previously advocated shooting. "What a blooming iark ! I'll frighten six months' growth out of the beggar, and clew bim up altogether." Linton's plan evidently required Bralga's co-operation, for the young manager sought bis dusky Bhepherd later on and entered into animated conversation with him. What he showed bim then evidently appealed with the liveliest terrors to Bralga's superstitious fears, for he showed every sign of dismay and affright, and for a long time could not be persuaded to join in the undertaking. I But at last, what between being shown that his fears were utterly groundless and being promised liberal supplies of 'baccy and rations, hia opposition was overcome and.his co-operation enlisted. Nothing was done until evening had set well in, and then Linton put his plan in action. Marching solemnly over to where Powrie Charlie was tied np, he addressed him in an awed whisper put on tor the occasion. " Debbil-debbil belongin' Bralga come up," he said ; "him yabber yon make um go bong j alonga poison. Marry coolah that feller plenty make him cry out. Him yabber me gib it you, then him make it you burn like it tire. Him yabber you dam rogue, gib it poison alonga Gidgibogo. Baal that any good. Debbil-debbil plenty coolah. YohL" Translated into the vernacular this meant that the spook of the supposedly-poisoned! Bralga had appeared and disclosed the! manner and cause of his death. " Murry coolah"-very angry-was the ghost, and! great had been its outcry. It haa demanded the person of the poisoner on which to wreak vengeance, and bad vowed its determination to burn its murderer with nnholy fires. Such, in effect, was Linton's announce ment, and it aroused tbe liveliest terrors in tbe breast of the conscience-stricken Powrie Charlie. For how could "G'orge" have learnt about the poison if not told by the debbil-debbil? His knowledge of tbe affair clearly proved supernatural interference, and the blackfellow's eyes rolled and his teeth chattered at the thought of it He yelled aloud in absolute terror,and turned a kind of dirty creen; like most of his kind, he was blindly, unreasoningly superstitious. Then Linton's preparations began. Having tightly blindfolded his victim, he busied him self about hia naked body for a few minutes, groaning dismally the while; then untying him, led bim off into the bush. Powrie's shaking limbs hardly served to support him, so terror stricken was he ; but little time was given bim for hesitation, for all at once a muffled voice cried out-" Debbil- debbil come up," a horrible groaning and shrieking broke on his ears, aud the bandage waa torn from hia face. The very moment that sight waa restored to him, an unearthly scream broke from his lips. It was quite dark, but he could see glower ing at him through the shadows the pallid, ghost-lilce face of the man be had poisoned. The eyes gleamed white and threatening, and gruesome groans sounded from the bush all round. Bat all this wa9 as nothing com pared to the culminating horror that greeted hia eyes. Hia whole body was aglow with a hideous light He waa aflame with an unholy fire, from head to foot. The debbil-debbil had claimed its own. He screamed like one possessed, and, frenzied with terror, fled headlong through the buah. Away, away he dashed, banging against trees, stumbling, falling, screaming, tearing at himself-a prey to a thousand wild terrors. He made straight tor the blacks' camp, and burst upon them like a mad thing. They took him for His Satanic Majesty him self ; for, gleaming with a ghastly light, wildly brandishing hia arms, screaming Tike one possessed, he looked more like a devil than a man. Right and left scattered the yelling blacks, as terror-stricken as he, and right through the camp dashed Powrie Charlie, as though pursued by ten thousand fiends. Away, away again, leaving the camp behind him, across flats, up ridges, through timber, over gullies and holes-away, away through the bush he rushed, panting, struggling, stumbling never for a moment halting for breath, never stopping bis nnearthly yells. He must have gone ten miles right on end I without stopping. Then they saw by bis tracks next day where he had thrown himself on the ground-only to rush on again in terror, on seeing that the unholy fire that covered bim, clung to what he touched. Whatdreadiul curse he imagined was on him, and to what awful fate he thought him self doomed, goodness alone knows; but no man ever knew where be stayed his head long flight that night, And no one on the station, or indeed in the district, ever saw him again. Whether he survived the shock is not known, but be disappeared altogether, and all trace of him was lost. Even tbe rest of the blacks-except Bralga and bis reformed wife, who lived onatCoom berah together-fought shy of the place after the occurrence, and it was over two years before they would camp there again. "A good riddance too, the loafing beggars," Linton would say afierwarda when relating the story. "And you take my word for it; if you want to frighten the We out of a black feMow, just you do what I did to Powrie Charlie that night Rub tbe beggar all over with phosphorus, tad let him rtp. 