ST. MARY'S CHURCH. BRILLIANT DEMONSTRATION. Sunday last was the m6st important and eventful day in the history of the Catholic church in the Colac district. There was celebrated a demonstration that has rarely if ever occurred in connection with any church, it having a threefold purpose, viz., the opening of the new convent on the bank of the lake by the Bishop of the diocese; the administration of the Sacrament of Confirmation by His Lord ship; and the closing of the great mission that has been conducted with unqualified success by the Redemptorist Fathers dur ing the past fortnight. Never did such a congregation assemble inside the church, there being fully 1000 persons present while MZass Was being celebrated. The weather was all that could be wished for, a genial sun shining the whole afternoon. Nothing was left undone by the local and visiting clergy and the nuns to make the ceremony a brilliant and imposing one, and it must have been gratifying to them to have seen their efforts crowned with suc cess. By the energy and perseverance of the Rev. M. Nelan the good Sisters, whose order forms the purest institution in the Catholic church, have a beautiful home erected for them on the prettiest site in Colic. and almost free from debt. The scene must also have gladdened the hearts of the Redemptorists, as it was evidence " strong as holy writ " that their unceasing labors during the last fortnight in the cause of the religion they professed had not been in vain. The nmission and demonstration were highly successful from every point of v ew, and will not' soon be forgotten by the Catholics of Colac. As is usual the proceedings commenced with holy mass, which was celebrated by Fr. Fitzmourice. Just before it started the Bishop entered the church at the porch I door and marched up the aisle to the altar, blessing the people at the same time. When mass was over Fr. Nelan ascended the pulpit and read out the order of the day's ceremony, concluding with a few remarks f about the mission and the opening of the convent. He then gave way to the gifted I speaker, Fr. O'Farrell, who was to preach t the sermon for the occasion. The Rev. gentleman's discourse was mainly the last words of the missioners to the people, s taken from the gospel of St. Matthew, viz., "He that shall persevere to the end, he shall be saved." He felt sure, he said, that the mission had been productive of 1 good results, but it devolved upon the people themselves to remain true to the promises they had made, or all the good a work they had done during the mission t would be of no avail. He pointed out the three greatevils human nature was heir to -the world, the flesh, and the devil. He 3 dwelt for a considerable" time on the subject, and then gave three advices how to persevere to the end in the grace of God. He concluded by inaking an earnest appeal to the congregation to be even more than generous on that laudible occasion by dipping their hands deep into their pockets. A collection in aid of the convent was then made, the sum realised amounting to about .50 more than was taken at the foundation stone. In the meantime the procession, which r formed the most pleasing spectacle of the r whole affair, were got into line. This alone was in itself a sight worth seeing. The young ladies of the society of the "Children of Mary" with their blue cloaks and white dresses and veils, and the t school children all robed in white, made up a most imposing scene. The handsome banners and bannerettcs were the same as t those used in the procession when the 1. foundation stone was laid, all being the exquisite and tasteful work of the nuns. a The line was made up as follows. First in order were the girls attending the convent and ordinary day schools headed by " St. Joseph's" banner. A little further back i was another one, the image of the great t penitent sinner " Mary Magdalen." The Society of the "Children of Mary" came next, with a banner representing the "Immaculate Conception."- The young t ladies of the order also wore their ribbons and medals. The boys at- t tending St. Mary's school made up I the rear, one of them bearing the emblem of Ireland's patron saint. The t banners, together with the host of ban nerettes that were interspersed among the 1 processionists, all bore suitable inscriptions I and devices. At the signal to march the f cortege entered the church by the side door, c passed up the aisle, and out through the a porch, singing the "Office of the Blessed v Virgin" the whole time, the voices of the fair sex blending most harmoniously i together and making the place ring with t sweet and sacred melody. The march was kept up round and round the church until e His Lordship and the clergy were ready, a when the procession wended its way to the c convent grounds, singing the hymn "Faith t of Our Fathers" along the route. The vast concourse of people also made their way towards the building, and the scene around the sacred edifice was truly an im pressive one, eager faces endeavoring to get a glimpse of what was going on. His Lordship, with Frs. Nelan, Plunkett and Fitzmaurice as assistants, then per formed the solemn ceremony of blessing t every part of the convent, according to t the loman ritual. At the conclusion of I the ceremony, Dr. Moore stepped to the front door i of the building and addressed the im- I mense assemblage of adults and child ren. lie congratulated the Catholics of Colac upon the very beautiful and I picturesque site they hlad chosen for the i home of the Sisters of Mercy. As he re- t garded institutions like the one swhich hlad been dedicated that day to St Joseph, the Patron of the Universal Church, os amongst i the most important in the diocese, he could not help thinking they were most fortunate in being able to secure so splendid a sitna tion. The building itself,- which, he was i glad to say, was nearly free of debt, t reflected the greatest credit upon their zealous pastor, whose zeal in the cause of t Catholic education was well known, and t likewise upon themeslves for their gene rosity in coming so nobly to his aid. T'hey also deserved the gratitude of those who t would come after them for the many noble i monuments of civilisation which they were t now erecting in this new land, for, as they knew, there is no civilisation without education; and any education to be an i advantage to man or to society must be I groundcd upon religion so that he noay fulfil his duty to the State of which he is a member and to his own soul thatis eternal. This was another proof, if proof were wanted, how both hlity and clergy are one in sentiment and on action in all matters where the Church of God was concerned. It I was often said by thier opponents that if the laity were left to themselves they would immediately fall in with the present God less system of education. To such he I would say that if Catholics refused to be guided and directed by the bishops and priests of the Church in this matter and accepted that system they would cease to be Catholics. They had reason to be grateful to Almighty God for giving them a people who had ever been anxious to fulfil the important precepts whlich tlhe Church places before them through hier pastors. MIost of them, or at all events their parents, came from Catholic Ireland where they had been trained in the old school that valued dearly the priceless gift of faith. Their forefathers had, under the most severe trials and persecutions, built Sup the Church of God in their native land, where they had learned that spirit of generosity and that faith and religion which is now producing such abundant fruit in the many churches and convents erected throughout the vast territory of Australia. The short space of time in which this new convent had been erected was a proof of their appreciation of the services of the Sisters of MIercy who are in their midst. These good sisters are im parting to your children a sound secular education which will enable them to take their places in society in a short time and become worthy citizens of this great colony. They yielded to none in theii desire that Catholic children should be educated up to the standard required by the State, but they were careful that the secular and religions knowledge imparted should go \- hand in hand. This was the position the Churchb had always maintained, and .could I never surrender. The Bishop concluded Sby saying that it was a great pleasuretto Shim .tod officiate at the important ceremony a that day and. to offer to both priest and people his warmest congratulations, and he Strusted Divine Providence would give them the reward of their fidelity and love to hirs holy Church. The.procession was then re-formed, and a more wade for the church, where His Lordship was to perform another solemnity -that of administering the sacrament of Confirmation. The processionists entered the church in the same manner as they did a short time before, and after singing one of the hymns their task was at an end, the choir rendering the remainder of the selections that were required. His Lord ship addressed a few words to the adherents for Confirmation, pointing out to them how they received the Holy Ghost and were made strong and perfect Christians by the sacrament he was about to ad minister to them. He then went through the usual ceremony, and conferred the sacrament upon 200 persons, a good num ber being men and women advanced in years. The young ladies were prettily dressed in white, with veils and wreaths to match, and looked like pictures of inno cence. Good words of advice were ten dered by the Bishop to those who had been Confirmed, and after pronouncing his blessing upon all the people, this part of the proceedings terminated. In the evening, at vespers, there was an other large congregation, the people turning up to hear the last of the beautiful sermons preached by the Redemptorist Fathers. The "Rosary " was recited by Fr. O'Farrell, and at its conclusion Fr. Plinkett mounted the pulpit, and put the " finishing touch " upon the eloquent addresses they have been delivering daily since their advent to this town. It was, he said, the custom of the missioners wherever they go, to leave behind them some treasure or memento of their labors, and that treasure took the form of a cross-a mission cross as it was generally called. He explained at considerable length the reasons why they left the cross, and the indulgences to be gained by the pious who visited it on certain days. It was not there for the people to worship, as some were inclined to believe, for Catholics worshipped no images or pictures but God and God alone, and the cross was merely for the intents and purposes he clearly enunciated. He concluded by giving the people his own and the apostolic blessing, the right of the conferring the latter being given to the Fathers when closing a mission. The cross was then blessed by His Lord ship, who afterwards officiated at bene diction. As it is the custom of the Redemptorists in any town they have been in to estab lish a branch of thd temperance league in stituted by Cardinal Manning, the Fathers after exhorting the people to join it and avoid the disastrous effects of drink secured the namoises of all who wished to become mesibers, and the pledge of the " League of the Cross" was solemly taken by about 300 persons, in the presence of the Bishop. 