The Affair at the Nest, j VI f ' - by jirs. helen corwin pierce. 44 Never mind, Frank, we can wait.". 44 Yon're an'angel, Violet," -and the young man caressed softly the little hand that flut- iered in hia, 44 and Annt Hannah is-r-" . "Not l" iangbed Violet granger, nmsniug the sentence for him. - . 44 Well, I hate her. Whet difference will it make to her twenty years hence, whom I marry now. I'm not sure inaeed tbat Bhe s good for ten years longer, and if — " 44 Frank Ecoleson?" 44 Oh, yes, 1 Inow. People may spare no pains to make you hate them. Well, then, I love the aunt who has crossed me all my life, do I ? You know it's not so, Violet. You know if I went home now, and found her in her shroud, it wonldn't coBt me any great heart-ache." "It should, since you profit by her money. Oh, Frank I Frank ! I didn't think you would speak so of the poor old woman who has been a mother to you, with all her harsh ness,,' said Violet, with sad Bweetnees. 44 1 deny it. Was it motherly to force me all my life to do the very things 1 hated moat ? Have I ever had a single taste or in clination she did not thwart if it were pos sible ? No, no, Violet, yon and Annt Hannah are two persons. I love one and hate the other, and that is the end of it. I should like to be able to have my own way though, once before she dies. It'll be dreary waiting till shs slips this mortal coil, eh, Violet ?" Toe young man Bpoke bitterly, and looked stein. " Violet listened -to him with unhappy,. deeply loving eyes. 44 Something will happen, surely. Some thing may happen, dear," she said, tenderly; 44 And if we love eaoh other so truly, what are a few years more or leBS to hearts so young as ours 2" 44 A few years 1 You're too much of an angel to calculate upon anything but that termagant softening toward us. She won't, though. That flinty heart won't give in un til death's fingers crumble it to ashes. You j and I'll be gray before that time." 44 We can hope, at least, dear ; even Annt Hannah cannot take our hope from us. Shall I sing for you now ? " She took his silence for assent, and going to the modest little instrument which Btood ' across the room, sang softly one tender, soothing strain after another, while her lover, lingering in the low window seat, palled the roses that grew near and their tore leaves with a half vicious hand, too savagely irritated at thef ate that hindred his desires, to heed the loving tones with which Violet sought to draw him from his thoughts. Contemplating the mischief her lover had done her roses next morning, Violet's eyes were half sad, half smiling ; but she broke into a carol, like bird notes, as she tied anew the vines his too energetics hand had loosea from their supports. A passer-by o&lled; her, 44 Have yon heard; no, I see you have not, what happened at the Nest last night ?" Violet tamed swiftly, with a changing countenance. Frank lived at the Nest with his aunt. 44 Poor old Miss Eccleson was murdered in bed last night." Violet caught at the widow-frame for' sup- port, her Jvery lips turning white, and her heart beating slower and slower. 44 It can't be !" she gasped. 41 1 wish it couldn't, but it is. I just met the doctor coming away. They sent for him, of couree, but she must have been dead bourB be fore he got there. There's crowds of people gone over from town. But you live so remote from the Nest, it's no wonder you did not hear of it till now." Violet shuddered, and wished the man would only go on, as he did preeently, as he was anxions to reach the Bcene of the tragedy. , , , Murder 1 And Frank almos« wished her dead the night before 1 Poor I Frank, what a horrible lesson it mnst be to him 1 Later in the day came a note from Frank, a hurried scrawl, almost unread able and written with a hand tbat visibly trembled. 4' Don't come near, darling," it said. 44 The horror is almost more than I can bear now. I wouldn't have yon see and bear what I have to see and bear for all her money. I wish to Heaven it could go into the grave with her. I will come and see yon as soon as I can get enough color in my face to dare to." He came for a few moments that evening, but for all the life in his look he might have been as dead as Aunt Hannah. His face was ghastly, bis eager bine eyes had a scarcd ex pression that made Violet try, but in vain, to check him, as he lingered with a sort of hor rible fascination, over the details of the murder. . Aunt Aannah had been strangled with her own pocket-handkerchief, as. she sat late at her knitting. The servant had found her, purple and stiff in her chair, .when they went to call . her to breakfast at half-past six in the morn- i ing. 44 1 don't think Bhe had been dead long. I didn't think so, and I sent for the doctor as faBt as a horse oonld ride. I couldn't do more, could I Violet ? She always gets up eaily. She must have got up early and taken her knitting, yon know, and the wretch tha.t killed her would have been as like to do it early in the morning as late at night, wouldn't h9 now, Violet dear ?" 44 Had her bed been slept in," questioned Violet, controlling her repugnance to the sub ject for her lover's sake. 44 No one could tell. She always made he;: own bed though, and she might have made ifi | the first thing that morning. Oh I I am | quite sure it was early in the morniDg. She t Eat with her back to the window, you see, i and her handkerchief must have fallen to the j floor where the fellow could secure it without j being seen. Then it was easy enough to ac- j, complish the rest before she oould cry out. j She couldn't have had time to call oat, do i you think she coald ?" j 44 1 don't think anything abont it. And you I had better stop thinking abont it," exclaimed j Violet, with an uncomfortable shiver. 44 Why j will you talk of it Frank ?" 44 1 won't if you don't wish me to," Frank said, gloomily, pushing his chair back into the shadow, and covering his face with his j hands. j Violet regarded him wonderingly. | 44 Poor fellow, he is so sensitive," she said J to herself, and moving her chair nearer to his, drew his cold hands into her warm and loving clasp. He returned her tender gaze with a look painfully sad and questioning. 44 Would it be possible, Violet," he said at last, 44 would it be possible for you to be lieve that I had any hand in last night's do ings?" | The face of the sweet girl blanched like j snow. Her eyes darkened and dilated like on9 j smitten with sudden terror. Then she j dropped her lips to his hands with swift, pas- jj sionate kisses. 44 No, no, Frank : no, never." J 44 My darling," he murmured, draw- j ing her to him, and kissing her again and : again. | She remembered those kis3es long after, j Could any but innocent lips have kissed he; j so. There was no clue to the murderer, noth | ing bad been stolen, and though Frank Ec- J cleson was the only one who cou'd have pro- 1 fited by her death, no one thought of acous- \ sing him, and not a shadow of suspicion at | tached to him. j There was no one to contest the heirship with him, and the Nest, with his wide, rich « lands, and other belongings fell to him with- ! out delay or .question. j . But Frank Eooleson was unaonscious of I all. He came home from his aunt's luneral, j a wet, soggy evening it was, and threw him- self into an easy-chair, ca.iig the servants to rpile wood in the wide ; fireplace till it glo wed , like a i arc ace, but the blaze failed to warro. ? hinvHesat there trying to warm his chilled j fingerB, and muttering to himself ,t iii the fever which had marked him for its own, swoopeci j upon him like a vulture, and dug its beak into I heart' and brain. . | They carried him to his chamber by main s force, he struggling and raving with delirium, | and Violet came to help the housekeeper. ; Mrs. Grim, to nurse him. ' For weeks Frank Eccleson hnng upon tha very borders of eternity, and knew no one. and talked as people with brain fever wiii, wild, straDge talk, that drove VioUt'3 young blcod curdling round ker heart, and i set in her white face a shadow that was not cast by the death she had battled so desper- ( ately from her lover's bedside, but was even more cruel. j Mrs. Grim had been more than housekeeper I to Miss Escleson. She had been her bosom 1 friend, the one soul of all the world, perhapB. j that had truly loved the miserly old woman, \ and though Hannah Eccleson bad not so much ; as mentioned her in her will,' the housekeeper i held to her loyally. Violet made one wild attempt to banish I Mrs. Grim lrom the sound of Frank's mad talk, but Mrs. Grim would not go. Sometimes the eyes of the two women met, above that terrible oonch, and the look of one was siok with horror, and piteous with ap pealing. The other's was hard, was pitiless i 'as her dead mistress' would have been under i similar circumstances. I At last there came a time when the fever loosened its hold, and left the sick man like some wan ghost of himself, stranded upon those shores from which he had so nearly drifted. He was too weak, too strange to the use of his senses to read at once the new look thac had so' darkened Violet's sweet eyes. With all her strength ehe tried to keep it out of theci when she looked at him, but hers was a frank heart, used for mirroring all its thoughts in those innocent depths. Frank bad read them too many times in the old happy days to make any mistake now. He was a coward, and would fain have persuaded himself that his eyes _ told him wrong, but he conia not. Besides, there was Mrs. Grim, whose face spoke the same story though in a differ ent tongue. The sick man shrank away among his pillows, and shut hiB eyes whenever by any chance Mrs. Grim or Violet looked as him. 44 Thus oonsoience does make cowards of us all." Mrs. Grim sat alone in the kitchen at the Nest. She sat with her feet on the hearth o: the stove, those hard, unrelenting eyes gazing into the embers. A soft step sounded beside her. It was Vio let. Her face was pale, her eyes had dark circles around them. 44 Well?" Bhe said gently, as Mrs. Grim looked up. 44 1 shall do it to-morrow," Mrs. Grim said, and shut her eyes tightly over the sen tence. 44 You will give him no chance for his life, you who loved her ?' Mrs. Gfim's lips did not relax. She only shook her head. 44 At least wait a week longer. 44 When he will be strong enough to flee, perbspi, the doom he merits? No!" "You will not?" and Violet knelt by the hard woman's side, and lifted her poor quiver ing-hands in wild appealing. j But Mrs. Grim only glanced at her, and i looked back into the fire. J Then Violet rose to her feet again, and ! went back to the sick-room. 44 Frank," said she, going close to him, j 44 you must look at me; you must listen to j me. You are weak, I know, but if your life depended upon it, you could get up and dress yourself, and go- away from here, I am sure j you couid — I am sure you will try." Frank Eccleson opened his wide bine eyes, and looked at her. He seemed in that in- | stant to shake off the Btrange cowardice that i had so unmanned him. j 44 What do you mean ?" he asked. 44 Tell | me. If I am to muster strength for what you | say, I mast have a stroDg incentive. But I j will not try. I will stay, whatever it is, and j meet it. I have shrank too long." Violet Bhivered a little. 44 You were delirious, Frank, and you told j all there was to tell, and Mrs. Grim heard it. j Bhe is going to inform against vou to- | mot row." j Frank lifted himself on his elbow anu | looked Violet in the face. A light seemed | to dawn npon him. I 44 Will you ask Mrs. Grim to come here? — j not that 1 may plead with her, but that I may tell her the truth." | Mrs. Grim'B stony lips set themselves like j flints, but she rose and went to the sick-room j when she got the message. 44 1 have been a miserable coward," Frank said, as the two women drew near.but 1 have not been the guilty creature you imagine. You are a hard woman, Mrs. Grim, but you are a just one, and you will believe me when you have heard my story. 44 1 came home from your house that sight, Violet, with a bitter and wicked heart. I don't know bat as heart I was wicked at the villain who murdered her. 44 It was late, but there was a light in my aunt's room. As I came along the passage she called oat to me Eharply twice, and her voice sounded strange. Tflere seemed, too, to be some sort of strange movement in the room, bat it w&b; slight, and I, feeling hard and bitter toward her, would not answer her, and instead of going to her, I turned back j and went to my room another way. I 44 But I never dreamed what awful thing I was doing. I thought she had one of those a neuralgio attacks to which she was subject, | and 1 said to myself that she might fignt it ont, as I was doing. tf I don't know yet that it was not so. I don't know yet that she came to her death then, or that she was struggling with the villain when she called me ; but the fear that it was so has nearly cost me my senses, and the fear that if I told the truth, it would direct suspicion to me as the pro- j bable perpetrator of the deed, held me in a 'j cowardly silence. Po you believe me, Mrs. c Grim?'' 44 1 do vot believe you, Frank Eccleson," I said Mrs. Grim, and went back to the | kitchen, ! Long before Frank had finished his | recital, Violet had crept close to her lover \ and prayed him to forgive her. | He had stooped to kiss the little hands that j fluttered to his grasp, and to say, 44 My poor j darliog !" j How could I ?" Violet sobbed. 44 1 deserve that you should never forgive ms, but you accused yourself eo frightfully in j your delirium." | '4I accuse myBdf still. I would give all j my aunt's money to know certainly that she | was not straggling with her murderer when - she called me and I did not reply." | Mrs. Grim kept to her intention, and j lodged her information, as she called it, in j th9 proper quarter the next day. j She met a somewhat discouraging re- Jj ception, however. j Bat, as Frank said, though a bard woman, I she was just, and she went back to him and Violet with sincere rejoicing. 1 The real murderer had been found, and had j confessed to the deed. j He proved to be one of the laborers em- i ployed by Miss Hannah Eccleson. There I had been some money difference between j them, in which she had been very jj hard. I The man was of a stolid, slow, revengeful! j nature, and he waited his time, and strangled | her with her own handkerchief as she sai j knitting at half-past four on the morning j they found her stark and dead in her i chair. . | So Frank had not , that on his con- j science. 17 