THE NOVELIST. The Garston House Tragedy. BY JEANNIE LOCKETT, Author of " The Millwood Mystery," " Kitty Cartwright," &c.; (Begun in Tows AND COUNTRY JOURNAL of December 1.) (SPECIALLY WRITTEN FOR THIS PAPER.) CHAPTER XXXVI-(CONTINUED.) " You are a good traveller, I should think Miss Garston," Mrs. Twynam said, with ar attempted flourish of her hands, which was sc utter a failure that she seemed to be making ar effort to claw the air, in order to catch some oi it for purposes of respiration, of which by the way she gasped she certainly appeared to be in considerable noed. "Why do you think that, Mrs. Twynam ?" Madeline said, fixing her eyes on Mrs. Twynam^ face, yet, with such a soft light in them, that her tone, quiet as it was, seemed so incisive in com parison as to be out of keeping with it. " You look so fresh. No one would imagine, tc look at you, that you had just come off a jour ney/1 she replied, with what seemed to be an irresistible desire to wriggle in her seat while she was speaking. Yet,- all the time her pale blue eyes never once strayed from Madeline's face. A fish, gazing up at a soft-eyed gazelle, supposing the gazelle had the power to fascinate it, would have looked very much like Mrs. Twynam did at that moment. "Shall I ring for another, cutlet for you, ii Mrs. Twynam; or would you prefer a little K of this tongue? I am afraid what you have Iv - is cold," Madeline said, removing her eyes from Mrs. Twynam's face, and then adding, " I could Scarcely lay claim to be considered a traveller on /r the strength of looking fresh after coming such a short distance as lies between Sydney and Bow .< ral." And then, not having received a reply, she half rose from her seat as if to ring for the cutlet. "I beg your pardon, Miss Garston, please don't ring on my account. I db not need anything more, I assure you," Mrs. Twynam said, then, with a gasp. Madeline resumed her seat, saying, " Let me send you a little tongue, then ?" Whether there was any innuendo in her words »X it would not be easy to say, as there was no evi { dence of it in her tone. But if there was it would have certainly not have been without some appli cableness to Mrs. Twynam's condition at the moment, to whom speaking was not usually a difficult undertaking. After another gasp, how ever, she managed to say "Not any, thank you," and then after a suc cession of gasps, " excuse me, Miss Garston. I think I shall have to retire. I-feel very short of breath this morning. It-it's the weather, I think." "Are you at all subject to attacks of the kind ? Shall I send for Dr. Flood?" Madeline said, looking slightly concerned. "Oh, no-there's no need for medical assist ance, I assure you. In fact, the attack is wear \- ing off," Mrs. Twynam, who had half risen from i^i-, , her ohair and then re-seated herself, said, faintly, £v ** yet with a feeble assumption of her old manner, and what could only be described as a pitiful attempt to perform one of her old flourishes with > u her hands, which looked bonier and more claw like than ever, "j- *' "Shall I ring for Sarah to assist you to your room, MrB. Twynam ? Or is there anything I can do for you ?" Madeline said, looking at Mrs. Twynam with eyes of velvety softness. Mrs. Twynam did not reply. In fact the power to do anything, except sit, with a helpless fish like expression, gazing back at Madeline, seemed io have left her, though there was certainly a vmggling movement in her limbs as if she were making some kind of a struggle either to rise or speak, or even both. Yet nothing came of it . until Madeline rose from her seat and rang the ? bell, saying, when she had done so ' il "I am sure you are ill, Mrs, Twynam. I would advise you to let Sarah help you to your room, and then lie down for an hour or two." "Yes-I'm afraid-I am-ill-Miss Garston. I will do as-you kindly suggest," Mrs. Twynam said, then, in an utterly subdued tone, and making an attempt to rise from her chair as she spoke. "Don't rise till Sarah comes to help you," Madeline said, and then to the servant, who had Î just come in, "assist Mrs. Twynam to her room, 7 . Sarah. She is not well." > " " If you will give me your arm, Sarah, I think I shall be-able to walk," Mrs. Twynam said, feebly. And, supported in that way, she went with tottering steps to her room, where, seated in a low chair, she remained in a weak and gasp ;:, ing condition during the morning. 4.. Madeline went to the morning room, and after standing for some moments in a thoughtful atti tude she seated herself at a desk, and wrote the following note : Garston House, .Tuesday morning. Dear Dr. Flood,-You will probably be surprised to see by thiB note that I am at home this morning. You will be glad to hear that I made the journey without the slightest mishap and, beyond the fact of having no one to meet me, I was put to no incon venience through coming a day sooner than I was expected. I quite understand how the telegram came to escape your memory until too late ; and knowing how much you would have to attend to after your return from Bowal, I should have been more sur prised if you had remembered it. However, as I had packed my luggage, and was under the impres sion that, notwithstanding the non-receipt of the telegram, my arrival would be expected-and, far ther, as I was very anxious for news of Heater-I decided to come. I should be glad if you could find time to call during the morning, as, in addition to my anxiety to hear how Hester is, I have one or two matters relating to household arrangements I wish to gee yon about. Yours very truly, MADELINE. When placed in an envelope and addressed, Madeline rang for Jacobs, and directed him to | take it at once to Dr. Mood'a house, adding as she handed it to him ''You need not wait for an answer, Jacobs. Just hand it in, and come away." Dr. Dalesford was with Dr. Flood when the note was brought up to him. "It is Madeline's writing. She must have come down this morning, then," he said, after glancing at it. Then, handing it to Dr. Dales ford, he added: "Bead it to me, will you; my eyes feel weak this morning." When Dr. Dalesford had finished, he said " Perhaps ifs just as well that she came. In any case I should not have been able to dispense with Mrs. Twynam'B services before her return ; and an attempt to get rid of her without due notice might have ended in creating suspicion. We must just run the risk of anything that she may say." After some farther talk, during which Dr. Flood's mind wandered occasionally, he said, " You will call at Garston House, then, and see Madeline ? I think it would bo as well if you were to make an arrangement with her to see her for a few minutes every morning while I am in this state-at least until some until something unforseen happens." "Yes, I will do that, and anything else you may wish me to do. As for your patients, you need not trouble in the least about them-or, indeed, about anything. What you have to do is to lie by, and give Nature a chance to get on better terms with you. You have defied her to tho utmost limit, and, as a result, she is very much offended with you. Your only course now is submission," Dr. Dalesford replied, cheerfully as to tone, but with a grave expression on his face. "Yes, she has me hors de conibat. Submission is the only course open to me," Dr. Flood said, half-humorously, half-sadly, and soon after Dr. Dalesford left the room his place was taken by Hester. " Don't look so anxious, my dear, there is noth ing seriously wrong with me- nothing at any rate that rest will not put right," he said, when she had taken her seat by his side, adding after a pause. " There is one thing I want you to promise me. It is that if I get worse you must not spend too much time nursing me. You must not forget that your own health needs care and attention." "I will not forget. I will take care not to injure my health. But it is really better-a great deal better. Indeed, it seems to me that I am quite well. I am glad of it, more glad than I can say-because it will give me the chance of showing that I am grateful. And you will let me do all I can for you-you will do that, when I tell you that it will give me something to think about that will help me to forget the fancies that have troubled me," Hester said, with such earnest simplicity of look and tone, that Dr. Flood knew that every word came from her heart. " Very well, my dear, but you must promise me to go out in the fresh air every day. The best way would be to go out for a drive with Dr. Dalesford. You wouldn't object to that ?" " No, I will do whatever you wish," Hester said, and so the matter was settled. But no suspicion crossed Hester's mind in regard to the real reason Dr. Flood had for wishing her to go out for her daily drive in company with Dr. Dalesford, and if she had been told at that moment that it arose from a fear lest if she went out alone she might be arrested, she would have been considerably astonished, even though she accounted it as the result of a fancy of his brain as strange as any that had troubled her own. How it would have affected her, if she had known what cause he had for the fear, it would be hard to say, but it was well for her .peace of mind that she did not know. Even though the time was not far off when she was to learn some thing of the danger that beset her, it was better that she should not know it then. Madeline Garston was certainly somewhat sur prised when Jacobs came to tell her that Dr. Dalesford, and not Dr. Flood, was in the drawing room, and wished to see her. She went to him, however, with no look of sur prise or disturbance on her face. She had heard Dr. Flood speak of him, and knew him slightly by sight, but she had not met him before. " You perhaps wonder why Dr. Flood did not come himself in answer to your note, Miss Garston," he said, as he rose to meet her, adding as she came nearer, " I am sorry to tell you that he is laid up." " Do you mean he is ill, Dr. Dalesford ?" Madeline said, and a touch of surprise now showed in the eyes, black as midnight, but Boft as velvet, she turned toward him. Perhaps no man could look for the first time into those eyes of Madeline's and not feel moved. Let that be as it may, a strange thrill ran through Dr. Dalesford as he looked at them, yet his eyes still remained bent on hers with the gravely bright glance that was characteristic of them. " Not seriously, I tun glad Lu say. It is simply a breakdown of the system, caused to a large extent by overwork," he replied. " It came on him very suddenly, did it not ?" Madeline said; adding, "will you not take a seat, Dr. Dalesford ?" " No, thank you, I am rather pressed for time, as I have undertaken Dr. Flood's work while he is laid by. The last stage of the attack was somewhat sudden, but it has been coming on him for some time-in fact it would be hard to say for how long," Dr. Dalesford said, answering her first question last. " I will not keep you long, then, Dr. Dalesford. I am very sorry, indeed, to hear of Dr. Flood's illness-the more especially as, for a reason, which you are probably aware of, I am prevented from going to see him." "Yes, I am aware of the reason. But, if you wish, I will call as I am passing, once a clay, and give you news of him." " Thank you, I shall be very glad. And at the same time you can give me news of my cousin. How is she this morning ? Has the change from Bowral done her good ? Or, as you are aware of the curious fancy that led her coming to Sydney, I may as well ask if the separation has been beneficial to her ?" " I can say that she seems better-that is, she is less subject to the nervous fancies that caused her so much trouble some days ago. But I do not say that the improvement is the result of separation. On the other hand, I do not say it is not. You are aware, I think, that in some cases of the kind humoring a patient's fancies is sometimes resorted to by medical men, and often with beneficial results ?" " Yes, I have heard that it is sometimes done." "Then, she is really better since she came down?" and Madeline's eyes were bent on Dr. Dalesford's face with a look of keen anxiety as she asked the question. "Yes, there is certainly some improvement; but whether it will prove lasting is more than I can say at present." " We may at least hope so, Dr. Dalesford. Thank you very much. Your news has not been all sad. I will not take up any more of your time this morning. I am sure you have plenty of occupation for it," Madeline said, holding out her hand. But, as Dr. Dalesford was just then in the act of bowing, and did not appear to see it, she drew it back and bowed instead. For a few minutes after he had left the room Madeline stood still as if in thought, and then said to herself, " I wonder if he really did see my hand ? No ; it's not possible, for even if he had not expected me to offer it he would have taken it had he seen it held out," then, in a musing tone, she added, " I rather like his face. It is the face of a clever man, and I like clever men. But -he is more than clever-in fact he could hardly be called clever in its ordinary sense. He has what few people possess-genius. Yes, I like his face ; but he is a man I should prefer to have for a friend rather than a foe. "Well, I must make him my friend. I don't think the task will be very difficult j but I must never offer him my hand again until I can be very certain of its acceptance. He must expect me to offer it before that time comes, and wish it, too. Another thing -I must not be in a hurry to try my power of attraction ; I made that mistake with Mr. Felton, I must never make it again. Yet, for a moment, the temptation came over me to try my power. In fact, for a moment I did try it, and he felt the effects of it, too. I didn't need to touch his hand to know that. But, I must be more careful in the future. Dr. Dalesford is a very different kind of subject from Mrs. Twynam, a very slight exercise of power was enough for her. I think I have made the record even for the start Bhe gave me this morning. A very little more and she would have been right off, in fact it cost me an effort to prevent it reaching that stage," . Something like a smile came into Madeline's eyes, as she said this, and then she added softly "How like a fish she looked as she sat gasping there ! What a fortune she would be to a pro fessor. Well, she has provided me with an easy way to get rid of her. I must, however, be care ful not* to send her right off-if she should need any more-for I think the action of her heart is weak, and there might be a difficulty in bringing her round again. She can't be troubled with nervousness, or she would surely not have con sented to occupy the bedroom she has taken. It was a good idea of Dr. Flood's to get it occupied, for if it had been left vacant the servants would have declared it was haunted. Whoever takes her place must do the same, for, if I haye to . make this my home until Hester is of age-or even for less time than that-it would not be pleasant to have a ghost set up in either of those rooms. I think after a while I shall turn the un occupied one into a second drawing-room. It would be useful if one were giving a large party. I shall have it re-furnished with that object in view, and have the door leading from it to the bedroom closed." Madeline walked quietly to the door of the room of which she had been speaking,''and open ing it, looked in. Did no change pass over her face as Bhe stood there at the remembrance of the tragedy that had been enacted in that room, round which her glance wandered? It would be hard tb say ; for, when she closed it and turned round again, her eyes were as softly bright and her lips;as red as when she had walked to it. A moment after sho rang the bell; and when Sarah came she inquired how Mrs. Twynam was. ] [" She is a little better, Miss Garston-at least she said she was tho last time I saw her. . But she do shiver a good deal, as if she wis gbin' to have a fever or somethink," Sarah repliéd. \~ " See if she requires anything, and if she is worse let me know. But you need feel no'alarm on the score of fever. There is nothing of that kind the matter with her, I feel sure,">Madeline said, and Sarah withdrew. ÎT CHAPTEE XXXVII. K f During the evening of the day on; which the detective had the conversation with Mr"; Richard Brasfort, given in a former chapter, he' called at Dr. Flood's surgery, to see Dr. Dalesford. A talk of some length followed, and" then.'Mr. Cul hane said- ii * "Well, sir, though the young lady has no recollection of ever seeing the chemist before, and only appears to have a faint remembrance of having heard the shopman's voice, I think wo may come to the conclusion that 'both purchases were made by her." ~; "I think it is evident that ' she bought tho knife, at least-or to speak, more correctly, she . called at the shop for .it, after the purchase had been really made by her cousin," Dr; Dalesford, who had been somewhat chary of expressing an opinion previously; said, in reply " Ah, you think, then, that the first^two visits were paid by the other one, and that'the shop man didn't discover the. difference when, Miss Wrayburn called-he being oh the lookout for the young lady who had called before, and whom he had not seen very plainly on account bf tho veil ?" Mr. Culhane said. 5 i " Yes, that is my opinion. The fact is the pre liminary visits could not have been paid by any one under the influence of mesmerism. ¿The;third one might, for there was merely the carrying out of a simple direction-and, if you remember, it was done in a very mechanical manner. What is more, the shopman had an idea that the lady was younger looking than he had before thought her." -¿ -~ "Yes, I remember that quite well. Then I think we may set it down as pretty certain that all Miss Wrayburn had to do with the"purchase of the knife was to call and ask for a parcel-and that without knowing she was doing ib* let alone having any idea what was in it, or what ilse was to be made of it," the detective said, with a good deal of excitement in his voice and manner, as though he had begun to see daylight through the fog in which he had previously been blindly groping his way, adding, " I can tell you sir, I'm glad of it ! I had a good look at the young lady's face to-day, and if ever there was an innocent face, hers is one. And, if ever I felt thankful for 'anything in my life, I felt thankful, as I looked at her, that I had not got so far as to arrest her; before I heard what Mr. Felton had to say about it. fIn Baying that, sir, I'm saying a good deal, for it was a great disappointment to me, at first, to find my self out in my calculations-a very great disap pointment, sir, for it seemed the most beautifully worked out case I had ever-taken in hand." " I can quite understand your feeling of disappointment. It waB very natural under the circumstances," Dr. Dalesford replied. "Well, I am glad to say I have got quite over it. And now I'm with you, heart and soul, to try and prove the young lady's innocence that three days ago I "wanted to arrest. Ah; it just shows how thç very best worked-out calculations may be wrong,'| Mr. Culhane said; and then, with a fresh access of excitement, he added, "well now, it strikes me as possible that Miss "Wrayburn may not have bought the chloroform at all. There is the fact, as we know, of the young ladies being a good deal alike-enough alike, at any rate, for strangers to mistake one for the other. You see, the chemist was prepared to suspect something as soon as he saw the young lady, because, of me being in the shop at the time. But even then he seemed doubtful, and was quite sure that there was a good deal of difference in the expression, if not the features, of the young lady he served with the chloroform, and the one he saw to-day. Not thinking that it might have been the other one, of course, I put down the difference to the fact of her being under the influence of mesmer-j ism. "Well, now, it will be a great pointin proving Miss Wrayburn's innocence, if we can make it plain that the other one bought the choloroformj I don't say it would be enough, in itself, or that, without additional evidence, the chemist could be got to identify her. As like as not, hav ing made a mistake once, he would refuse to swear to either. /Still, it would be a point. "What I'd like to get hold of, now, is a good photograph of each of the young ladies. Do you think you can got thom for me, sir ?" j " It is possible. In any case, I could find oui the name of the photographer who may have| taken them, and copies could be got in that way; V Dr. Flood being ill, it would not be an easy matter to get copies from the young ladies without creating suspicion." j "No, it would not be easy; but the name of the photographer will do as well," Mr. Culhane said, and soon af ter took his leave. j An idea had, for three days, been running, in 4 confused way, through Dr. Flood's mind, and making him uneasy, yet, when he attempted to give expression to it, his thoughts wandered off to some other subject. "Wishing to help him td fix his mind on it sufficiently to allow of his dis covering to what it referred, Dr. Dalesford had several times put a question to him about it sooii after entering the room ; but, up to this evening] he had not succeeded in hearing more than that it had some reference to a key, though what key he had no idea. j On going up to him, however, after tho detective left, he found him in a much more rational state] and to his question, "Well, has the key been troubling you since P" he replied- I " Yes,; it has ; but I know now what I wante4 to know. ; It came ikto my head while Hester was sitting beside me ; and I asked her about ib. I thought^ somehow, that Madeline must have the key of Heater's wardrobe, because of Culhane's discovery, you know, and that she would find out that something was taken from it. But Heste^ has the key. She says she locked up everything in her room, and took the keys with her to Bowral, and never let them out of her possession'. She has them how, for to satisfy me, she brought them to show me." I " Did she seem at all surprised at your questions' ?" ' . - ' ; ; - ? " No, she merely put ib down to some fancy . running in my head," Dr. Flood said, and then added, " now, as my brain seems pretty clear of: cobwebs to- night, I'd like to hear the result of your visit to town, to-day." ; :i .. ?> " You are quite sure it will not excite you, and prevent you from sleeping P If not, it would be better to wait till to-morrow morning."Î .?.¡iMf ;I donft think it will do mo any harm.: Pye had a couple of hours' sleep, and the thinking about there being something to learn would be more likely to. keep me awake," Dr. Flood said, and then Dr/Dalesford told him all that had occurred, and the conclusion he and the detective ; .had come to respecting it. ' . ?< ? ?? \ . ii fIt certainly make things .clearer-a good deal » clearer. For much as one ».might feel inclined believe it, if there was no other way out of the .'difficulty, it wasn't an,easy matter to believe that the "whole transaction of buying the knife-or the chloroform either-could be conducted by a person under the , influence of mesmerism. Yes, it has certainly made things clearer. ' I think my mind will be easier for knowing it," Dr. Flood Í said, when Dr. Dalesford had finished. The housemaid returned in a few minutes from her visit to Mrs. Twynam's room, where she had been sent by Madeline, and to the latter's question of, " Well, Sarah, is Mrs. Twynam worse ?" she replied- ' " She says she's much about the same, Miss. The shivers keeps a comin' on her every little while, and she would like a small glass of. wine-7 aivery.small.glass she told me to be sure and sayr-to see if it would stop them, if you would be so kind, miss, she said." " Certainly, Sarah. Take the decanter and a wine glass from the sideboard in the dining-room, and some biscuits," Madeline said, adding, " tell her I will come' in to see her afterward if she , wishes, and that if there is anything.I can do for hery I should be glad if she would let me know. j Come back and tell me what she says when you have taken in the tray." In about ten ' minutes Sarah came back, and . . said- ' -. : -. . : "If you please, miss, Mrs. Twynam got the shivers very bad: after I told her what you said;; . but when they, got a little, better she; paid it was very kind of you, and she'd be glad to see you ,.; whenever ¡you found it convenient to ? go to »her."; .i ;¡ f Very.well, Sarah. . I hope! I shall find: her better. Is she subject to attacks of this kind,-do ? you'kndw-?"J-Macleline%aid. 1 ' . j \- '* "I've never -seen her' like it' afore-^-not shiver ing like that; .but I've seen her looking..a 'bit queer." . ' < u 1 "You have found her very kind since she ;has been in charge, have you not P"; Madeline- said, in a careless tone. ' . . .. ! ? I'm-not making-any complaint, miss-at least I don't Tvant' to make any-but things has not been socomfortablein the house since she come Jacobs has felt it, and so has Mrs. Green-rrnot that any of us was thinking of making complaints -but we all think her a bit peculiar ¿ in her ways." She's always wanting to find out things ; . and she - goes about so-it's, as Jacobs was saying last night, almost as bad as having a ghost in the house-and, if you'll excuse me for saying it, he thinks it comes of heir sleeping in that room," Sarah replied. "Isthat- what you meant this morning, by saying that things were not so comfortable for you?" " Partly, Miss ; but I'm not making any com plaint ; and I'd rather go, if you please, on Satur day, if convenient." " You would still wish to go if Mrs. Twynam were leaving ?" " Yes, Miss j if convenient." "I'm afraid it won't be convenient for you to go on Saturday, Sarah. I find that Dr. Mood is ill-and he would have to be consulted before a change is made. Your engagement here is really with him, and it may be Borne time before he is well enough to release you, or to take steps to get some one in your place." " Is Dr. Flood ill, miss ? Why, he was here only yesterday !" Sarah said, in a tone of surprise, and was about to say something more, but checked herself, and looked confused. If Madeline had but known how narrowly she missed hearing something that might have served at least to warn her of the danger in which she stood, how different would have been her ex pression at that moment ! " Yes, Dr. Flood is ill, in bed-and it may be some time before he is well enough to transact business of any kind. However, I will write to him of your wish to leave, and see what can be done. You may go now," she said quietly. Neither did she show any disappointment, when Sarah said, "Thank you, Miss," and left the room without expressing any wish to withdraw her notice. " It seems to me that the ghost has been in stalled already," she said to herself ; and then, probably to show her contempt for such a foolish superstitution, she went to the room opening out of the one she was in, and passing quietly through it, without casting so, much as a glance]] at the spot where the tragedy .of. her dhole's death had taken place, she crossed the intervening passage; and knocked at the door of the room occupied by Mrs. Twynam. A faint, thin-toned, " Come in," followed, and opening the door she entered. Mrs. Twynam was still seated in the low chair where she had deposited herself with Sarah's help in the morning. She had taken the small glass of wine, and was in a less shivering condition than when Sarah last saw her, yet was still rather inclined to gasp at intervals. " I hope you aro feeling better, Mrs. Twynam," Madeline said, in softly modulated accents, as she came near. "Thank you, Miss Garston, I do feel somewhat better, I am thankful to say. .1 trust the worst of the attack is over. It is ^ most unfortunate that it should have occurred the morning of your arrival-most unfortunate. It was so unexpected, too, and, if I may use the word, inexplicable. I never felt anything like it before," Mrs. Twynam said, in thin, falsetto tones, and with something of her old impressiveness of manner, though the motion of her hands was rather feeble.. " Then, it was not an ordinary attack of faint ness ?" Madeline said, in a tone of inquiry. " Ok, no, Miss Garston, it was something entirely different. Jt was the strangest attack I ever experienced ; and it came over me so sud denly. If I remember rightly, the first intimation I had of it was while you were kindly asking me if I would take a second cutlet, and it came over me so peculiarly that I was entirely deprived of the power to reply. But even that very inade quately describes the strangeness of the feeling. I hope you didn't think 'nié rude; Miss Garston ; but I am afraid I must have appeared so. For, in addition to ,my f^inability to reply, I had entirely lost the power to remove my eyeB from -your facer ; It' was onlyf after you rose to ring the bell,; that my faculties were restored-or,. I should say, partially restored to me, after which I was seized with an attack of nervous trembling that has continued at inter vals ever since; though since I have taken a small glass of wine and a biscuit I have felt much better." During the time Mrs. Twynam had been speaking, Madeline, though looking in her direc tion, had not looked full at her face. Neither did she do so as she said "Perhaps, after all, it would have been better to have, had .medical advice. I would certainly advise you to consult a doctor if you have a relapse. In case you are not better in a few hours I -will, if you -wish it, send a note asking Dr. Dalesford to call. He has taken Dr. Flood's place, Dr. Flood being ill." > { " 111 ! Do I understand you to say that Dr; Flood is ill, Miss Garston ?" Mrs. Twynam said] in a high-pitched tone of surprise, and showing a disposition to gasp. j " Yes ; you understand rightly. He is ill with overwork, I am sorry to say," Madeline replied, a little coldly. j " Dear me 1 dear me ! I regret exceedingly tç hear it! How very unexpected it must have been. He seemed in his usual health yesterday morning I thought, though perhaps, a little dis turbed," Mrs. Twynam said; and then, seeing a look of displeased surprise on Madeline's face!, which was still slightly averted, she added, "but I attributed that to his journey from the moun tains." ; " You will let me know Mrs. Twynam, if you should wish Dr. Dalesford sent for; and in the meantime give yourself needful rest. I will send your lunch in to you," Madeline said, and then, scarcely waiting to hear Mrs. Twynam's thanks, left the room. While she sat at lunch by herself soon after, Madeline seemed to be in a thoughtful mood, OT, more properly speaking, as though carrying on some debate with herself. At last her brow cleared, and she said, half aloud " Yes, after all, unpleasant as she is to look at, it will be better to keep her, for awhile at any rate. If for nothing else, she will be useful to practise on. But I must contrive to do it with out frightening her too much." Then, after a pause, " that is what I need-practice. I have the power, and plenty of it; but exactly how to use it in all cases is what I have yet to learn. Had I known that, I should have succeeded better with Hester. Still, taking everything into considerar tion, I didn't do so badly with her. If I had some lessons from a professor, one that I could absolutely depend on, it would give me what I want-the knowledge how to uso the power I possess. The difficulty is how to get the lessons. It would notado to risk'falling into the hands of a charlatan, or even a scientist; unless he was a man I could trust implicitly. I should like to become mesmerised myself, in order to exactly understand the feeling. And I should like to become clairvoyant. I fancy I possess the power to throw myself into that state indeed, I, nearly did So that day in the glen at Mittagong-but I am not sure of being able to recover myself, at wilL. But, to come back to this woman. I can at least keep myself in practice with her. She is cer tainly one of the easiest subjects I ever took in hand. And then she describes her feelings sb accurately-even if her language is rather pe dantic in doing it- that she cannot fail to be of service to me. Beside, I must have occupation ; or, little as I am troubled with superstition, Garston House would become intolerable to me. I wonder how long I shall have to be here alone -or, in other words, how long it will be before Hester gets over her fancies? She is better already, Dr. Dalesford thinks ; though, not having the key to the trouble, he is not sure that the improvement will last. Well, Í don't think I shall have quite lost my old power over her ; and, when the opportunity comes again for me to use it, I must know better how to turn it to account. Supposing I give myself BÍX months ? I think that ought to be time enough for the ac complishment of all that I have in my mind, and then-well, the reward is worth it-and a pur pose only half accomplished is not accomplished at all." The light that shone in Madeline's eyes as she said this was as soft and tender as bight ever was in mortal eyes, and not the smallest trace of a lurking demon was visible there. Indeed, the dark: fringes that shaded them looked longer and softer and darker than usual, so that the light that reflected itself in her eyes had no single touch of hardness in its shining. Whatever Madeline Garston was in mind and soul, she cer tainly had her outward self under complete con trol, and, if she were in the habit of wearing a mask before other people, she was by no means given to unmasking, as far at least as facial ex pression was concerned, when alone. She might; on occasion, be perfectly frank with herself in re gard to her thoughts, and even their utterance in low-toned words, yet, in outward appearance, she. remained a beautiful creature, with eyes of velvety softness, and lipB of coral-red. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 