LOYAL ORANGE LODGE 8BERVICES. The annual service in connection with the Orange Institution was held, in the School of Alrts, on Sunday afternoon last. Previous to the service the brethren of the Loyal Orange Lodge, together with the members of the Protestant Alliance Society, asseembled on the Terrace, North Ipswich. About ninety breth ran pnt in an appearance, and, headed by the Excelsior brass band, marched to the front of the School of Arts. On arriving at this build. ing they formed in two lines, extending as far as the fountain, and then marched into the building. The ball was very well filled, the bright regalia of the members showing to ad. vantagewheninterspersedamoogsttheaudieoce. Mr. A. H. Bsrlow, M.L.A., occupied the chair, and on the platform with him were Mr. J. Maecferlane, M.L.A., and the Rev. J. Walker, together with ahbot twenty members of the order. The CHOnatma made a few observations, in which he stated that they had met that day to worship God and assert their rights, He was sure that these were privileges which they ought to assert, and he thought that they had the fullest sympathy of thns who did not enjoy sach privileges. Their apprecistion of these privileges made them return thanks to Almighty God. He was snre that that place would be hallowed, and that their privileges would not be taken from them byfalsefriendsor malicious enemies. The well known "Old Hundreth" Psalm, "All psople that on earth do dwell," was then anag, and Mr. J. MAaRAr.aos engaged in prayer; after which Bro. J. H. VANr GooTra read a portion of Scripture. The Rev. J. WALKsa said he had not in tended delivering an address, but, as he was the only Protestant minieter present, the duty of doing so devolved upon him. Bis fellow. pastors were not absent, however, from any lack of interest in the gathering, for he might ay he had never before worked in a place where the Protestant ministers were more united and firmly attached to the Bible and to Christianity. He would like to spr ak to them, for a little while, of one of the best paseages in the Bible, but he would not tell them where it was to be found, nas some of them would pro bably be benefited by searching the Scriptures. The words he alladed to were, "The Gospel of Christ, for it is the powerof God unto salva. tion to everyonethat believeth." He said that they all had sin resting upon them by nature, and that they must get rid of this sin, or they could never see the face of God, or have aplace in the home whinh God had gone to prepare for them. History was full of the troth that sin was in the world, and the question was not how it came into it, but how should they get rid of it. Mere forgiveness was not sufficient, but they must reseive Divine power to keep them from running into sin, and tosfinally take away their transgressions. Jesse Christ was manifested in the flesh for the purpose that He might, through the medium of His death, take away the sine of the world. He could take them along a line of lives. not only of Protest. ants, but also of Roman Catholic scanons, who had had every reason to exclaim, " My aines, mysine, what must I do with my ains?"' Sin tad never been disposed of. If they had for givenese of sin, then the right way to show it was by keeping in the right direction, by hatred of wrong, sympathy with the right, standing by the side of weakness, and trying to be perfect. He said they could all believe in the power of Christ to redeem them, as it was recorded in the Soripture that "'Whoeo ever will, let him come and drink of the water of life freely." Is( oonluselon, Mr. Walker aid h6 hlped that that meeting would have the effesiof leading some to enjoy the bless. ings of briba joyous spiriteal liberty. ' Mr. ob m stated that bse had reeived spalogie from the various Protestant ministers, tating tia·thbey could not attend, on ancount of other ai gemments?. Bro. J. ShanMooK next addressed the meet ing. and meid that they were told plainly, by the PIr athorities that heir (Roman Catholin) ;igiou wau the oldest in Christendom, and also that their Chnreh was unohanging. He osld eay however, that there was one thing in which cespeot theydid not change, and that was in their opposition towards the weaker ones. He conld show them that the Roman atbholio doetrins was absolutely contrary to the teseohings of the Lord Jesus Christ. If St. Peter conid come to life and look at the Christian Church, he would say it lacked the purity and devotion of the Chburch he knew when be lived on earth. If St. John could cometo life and look at ProtestantOhristlianity on the one hand and Boman Catholisiem on the other, he would say that in the Protestant Christianity be resognised something of what it was wbhesn he was on earth; but the other hideons thing be noald not recogaise. The Ronman Catholio Church was neither the old nor the true Churoh. In proof, he quoted dates and events, the followiog being a few of the inoidenteallnded to, the figares being the nunm. her of years after Christ's birth:-About 120, " holy water" was invented; 157, penanoes was invented; 382, monkery was introdnoed; 384, Latin mass was instituted; 558, extreme uno tion became the order of the day; 5093, psrga. tory; 094, the invocation of the Virgin Mary oame. into force; 709, the kissing of the Pope's toe was instituted a 716, image wor ship was ctnmenced : 093, cenonisation of saints bsoame law; 1000, baptism of bells and transobstantiatioo were sanctionsed 1204, inquisition was practised; 1215, confession became the rule; and 1222, the elevation of the Holy Ghost was permitted. In 1848, the immeseulate conoseption of the Virgin Msry was made a' form of Divine worship. There was no doubt that they worked on the theory that, beoause the Saviour was pure-He being conseived by the Holy Ghost-it was quite nstual that His mother wa also par4. -and mstnst consequently, be free from original sin, If they wanted to go genealogically into the anteoedents ot the mother of Jensus in this mannesr, then they must conclude that her parents were free faom original sin, and so trace the line of descendants back to Mother Eve, who would therefore be free from original sin. In 1870. the infallibility of the Pope was made ,a doctrine of the Roman Catholic Church, and the speaker considered this the moet. insulting of the lot. The Roman Catholic religion was neither piare nor old, and was the impurest section of worshabip that he knew of, and the most God-dishonesr ing. In conclnsion, he exhortedthe Protesti ante present to be true to their principles, to be kind in their behaviour to Roman Catholics, ahnd to let them see that they were above any thing contemptible or mean. He urged the members of his own lodge and the Protestant Allisace order not to ashilly-shally, but to let the enemy know that they were not afraid. They should lay claim to be followers of Christ, and stand up, if raquired, to defend Bis teachings. When they were able to do tbhat they could lay claim to be called true Proeteetout. Mr. J. MACfaLAL&nE; aenid he would base his few remarke upon the Bible, but he would not aik ont any partionlar passage. Where the ble .as known there was lhberty, and if they took tbhe Book as their standard they could not do better. Ie asked them how they used the Bible, and advised them to look at theevils re suiting upon a wrong interpretation of the con ten?fs. If the laws enacted by Parliament were founded upon the Bible. they would be far better than at present, and every man would be st peace with his fellow. It taught them that Christ was the Way, the Truth, and the Life. Christ was a perfect Haviour. and their Advocate, and they should not want another advocate while Christ himself was their in tercessor. If they followed up the teachings of the Bibleit would lead them in the right directioon; and there wae no life for them out aide Christ. He eskcd how it was that the Bible was denied: to some people. The Pro testants t?oght its principles to their own people, and then it spread a proper knowledge of the Divino intrncioon to many who would otberwise have been in darkness. It should be tauoght in the churches, schools, and the homes of the people. There were a great many yuoog pnople growing op who knew coehing about the Bitle or Christ, and onm aratively little had been done to instrnot the arrikins in this matter. If the Praotestant Choreh would do its dsoy, then eamething would be done. Christ was the light of the world, and they shbould endeavonr to show that Light to the young people of Queenalsud. He felt concerned for them, and they had cases of many young oriminales.taken before the Bench, who did not know the nature of an oath, or anything about God's Book. In concluding his remarks, he hoped the Bible would be read in their schools, and that the light of the Gospel would be spread more profnusely than hereto fore. The CorARnN remarked that, if it were possible, Mr. Maofarlaoe and himself would be at the teameeting on Friday night, although there were important measnres coming on, in the House, which would require their at tendance. The hymn "Toiling on" was then sung (Mies Beabrook ably presiding at the organ, as she did during the whole service), and, after Mr. Mao farlane had pronounced the benediction, the gathering dispersed. The members of the lodges, however, formed again into marching order, and, preceded by the band, walked in procession as far as the Bremer Bridge, where they broke off. AlI together the procession and service were highly soccessful, the speeches being listened to with great attention. 