The Rival Preetrade Associations. TO T1IK EDITOn OF THE CUHUEnT.AXD AUCIUS. out, — -I' your concluding par. on 'Local Topics,' in your issue of Saturday last, you thero make statements which tho issues of your paper of previous dates will not bear out, and as statements liko these may tend to dampen the enthusiasm of tho Freetraders who are now engnged in earnest work, I trust you will givo mo an opportunity of pointing out that tho ueutral brunch is and has been from its inaug uration doing tho very work you say has not yet been begun. The par. dbovo referred to states, 'It is a fact bayond dijputj that the wbole of the county has nover been consulted as to tho posi tion of either tho Council or tho Grauville Association, aud it is time they were ... and the Granvillo Association is assuming thatjit has done so, but as a matter of fact it has not.' , Now I must draw your attention to another / par. in yonr ' Local Topics ' ' in your issue of _ ^ ' September 2ist, where you laud Mr. AVilliam son for introducing tho idea of holding a con ference, and from your report of that confer ence in your paper you are fully aware that such conference took place, and that the same was a truly representative ono of tho county, but called in baste through the resignation of Mr. F. Famell, and no ono can deny that the same did good work, even if did no other than determine that Granyille should bo the head centre for an executive committee to meot. But you will also find that there was a motion moved at that conference by Mr. Forsyth (Rydo), and unanimously adopted, that a second conference should be convened by the Central Branch for tho purpose of electing a body to form this executive committeo or council, the date of such conference to be fixed by the executive of the Central Branch. This Executive have met and fixed upon tho date, and by the enclosed circular (05 of which have been sent throughout Central Cumberland) you will admit that wo have not forgotten ' that the olectors of Central Cumberland should bo consulted.' The electorate is a wide ouo, and as we do not wish it to bo said that we aro doing things in a hole and corner fashion, we have named the date on which such conference shall meet. AVe ask for a truly represen tative meeting, men who have been publicly elected by the electors, bringing their creden tials wilh them as such, aud from them the Council or Committee will be formed to work and I hope unitedly and unceasingly, to carry on the work of educating those who think not as wo think, but aro blindly led by men whose chief aim is to rob them of thoir freedom and tho trne fruits of their labour. I know nothing of how the Association call ing itself the C. C. F. T. Associati -n came in to existence, nor its power : but I know this, that it has not by a long way accomplished what it ought if it is truly a representative body, and I trust it will cast in its lot with tho ' coming conference, and with them work for the good of our cause. AVo must bo as ono man. Tho grating sound of discord and. dis unity must be crushed out of existence. The spark of reaction has been kindled at New castle, and by the power wo, in Contral Cum berland possess, let us help to fan that spark into a mighty flame, that shall burn out stump and root that power that has during the past few weoks disgraced every man, woman and child throughout our fair land. In conclusion I trust in future that you will oast your eye over your past files and refresh your memory before making it appear that the Granvillo freetraders aro taking a kind of Rip Aran AVinkle sleep. They are their duty, as future events will no doubt show. Thank ing you iu anticipation, — I am, &e.;, JAS. COOK. Hon. Sec. C.B.F.T. and L.A. of Central Cumberland. [Our correspondent raisos up a ghost for tho purpose of knocking it down again. We did not say that certain work had not been begun, but we pointed out that it had not been 'iccom plished. Our previous issues in no way refer to tho real point in dispute, except to point out that the Freetraders of Central Cumberland should have a voice in the executive working of the party. AVe have previously pointed out that the Council was not properly constituted, and on more than one occasion advised tho holding of a thoroughly representative Con ference of delegates for tho purpose of appoint ing an executive composed by Freetraders, not from Granville alone but from the whole of Cen tral Cumberland. AVe admit that the Gran ville Association is working out our idea, but it re mains to be seen with what result. And un til that conference of delegates appoints an executive, it is not right for the Grauvillo Association to assume that it is ' the Fres traders of Central Cumberland.' AVhere our correspondent has erred in the past is conclu sively shown in tho remark in his, letter ' that he knows nothing of how tho association calling itself the C.C.F.T. Association came into existence, nor its power.' That is tho fault which has lead to the edifying spectaole of two Richmonds figuring in tho field as the real Simon Puro. Our correspondent should havo satisfied himself ou this point beforo wildly rushing in and nominating tho Grauvillo Association as 'the Freetraders of Central Cumberland ' and insisting on the C.O.F.T.A. subordinating itself to his little army. As we previously pointed ont, we do not believe the council of tho Contral Cumberland Freetrade Association was properly constituted, nor by any means thoroughly representative, but wo wore too conscious of the services they had done to tho party not to deny thorn the courtesy of recognition in tho absence of that executivo which we hope yet to see appointed by tho electors. Our correspondent assumes too much . and when ho ia not misquoting our remarks, he draws inferences sherefore which eould not reas onably be deduced, although they may serve tho purpose of allowing him to pilo a heap of words against them.] 