ablAck sheep ^ ? ? —SOME EPISODES IN HIS LIFE. By A. C. (Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XL VIII. — 'While Darkhess is Quick Hastenikg.' It was a happy little family that sat down to dinner that night. Sue was rested and refreshed, and her stepmother, who had an unsuspected fund Kof brightness and humor at the back of her seriousness, in a mood of positive gaiety, which was all that was needed to inspire their male companions with the spirit appropriate to such an occasion. How often the younger members of the party recalled the pleasant scene ; the pretty feBtive table — the grace ful woman who presided over it, looking as they had hardly ever seen her look before, with such a shining exhilaration in her soft dark eyes — the keen-faced host, still in the strength and beauty of his manhood, to whom she seemed to have given the elixir of life. They were all young together in that deligntfal hour, taking no thought for the morrow, and not seeing the shadow under which they laughed and joked. She and her father were the chief con tributors to the conversation, which never nagged for a moment. They were too full of news and too eager to Impart and receive it to think of their digestions. She had to tell him about Dunstanborough, the reality of which had so far transcended her colonial ideas of such a place, to de scribe its present aspect, and what was changed and what was unchanged. Though he had thought littleabout Itf or so many years he was keenly affected by the associations her eager tale revived, and hia interest in ib was wonderfully enhanced by the fact that Constauce had seen his home (having made a pious pil grimage thither in the year that Sae - was born), and had as correct a memory of its feature and sur roundings as he had. She had thoroughly explored the green woods and quaint gardens, as a casual tourist graciously permitted to 'do' the show place of the county, and been conducted over the stately, ancient rooms by that same dear, fat old housekeeper who had nursed him as a baby and sent him hampers of cakes and pastry when he was a boy at school ; therefore she was in a position to sym pathise with his disgust at the news that moBt of those old rcoms had been modernised beyond recognition, and that the moat which had girdled the grey walls for centuries had been drained and .iHieiLand converted into gravel paths and flower beds. ' But I think that was a very wise thing of Roger to do,' she said. ' My instincts as a nurse prevent me from seeing any beauty in stagnant water under your bedroom windows, however beautiful it may look in the eyes of the thoughtless.' ' It waB fed from springs, Constance.' 'It had scum and dock weed on the top of it, Dick, and it was certainly dan gerouB to health, my dear. Roger was quite right to do away with It.' 'Father would have done away with It himself,' said Sue, ' before letting you eleep under the ancestral roof if the place had been his. And yet,' she added, ' poor Uncle Roger, with all his sanitary precautions, has not been able to keep BickneBs away. That poor boy. Just tnrning 17, father— just tinlshing at Econ, and he was so like the old photograph of you at that age. We saw them all at church when we first went Danstan borougb, the time when we jast poked about by ourselves, and nobody knew us. Such a handsome family they were, in their huge chancel pew, raised a foot or two above the common people, so that everybody could see them.' ' You couldn't Bee us in my day,' said Kicha id. ' We had blue curtains all roaud us.' . 'Oh. there's nothing of that sort now. Open benches with carved ends — every- thing modern and orthodox. The only difference in the squire's pew is its shape and size, and its carpet and cushions. And there was Uncle Roger, stout and proud looking, with his nose in the air — lie was not ill then : and his magnificent wife and his three beautiful daughters, and that dear boy who died only a few weeks after. I did nothing bat stare at them all church time. It was Christmas Day and the church was decorated — you never eaw such decorations ! They said the Iauiee at the Hall aud a lot of people staying there did them. And Mr. Daiarel Pole walked up the aisle In a cope and things, all the colors of the rainbow, with a boy carrying a cross four feet high before him.' ' The same'! old Max !' ejaculated Richard. ' And what does he look like, Enkey ? Have years softened his asperities ab all? Is he rotund and sleek aud double-chinned 1 He ought to be.' 'No, he '.haa a severe, ascetic look. He it spare and bony and hatchet faced. A very unsympathetic sort of man ap parently. And he gave us a nasty, hard, dogmatical sermon, all about the authority of the church — nothing but the church, the church from beginning to end, till one got Bick of the very word — not a bit of human feeling in It, not a thought that was of any use to anybody.'.' ' Dear old boy ! 1 know his style. And to think of Kitty, who used to be such a merry little soul, taking up with the likes of him ! It must have been that she never saw anybody else. How does she eeem to have stood it, Sakey ? Is she spare and bony too 2' ' Aunt Katherine,' replied Sue, is rosy and plump and has every appearance of enjoying life. Report credits her with having the upper hand of Mr. Dalavel Pole, and she la certainly a powerful person in the parish. You should have seen the sharp watch she kept on the Sunday-school children ; they shook in their shoes under that eagle eye of hers, poor mites !' ' Ugh ! He's spoilt her. And what about Barbara ? If anyone had told me one of my sisters was to marry that hypo critical prig, I should have been sure it was Barbara. She seemed cut out to be the ogress of a Sunday-school. And she's an old maid after all, poor old girl !' ' Yes, and a very sour old maid too, poor thing. The gossip of the village has it that she loved Mr. Delavel-Pole, and was brokenhearted when he married her sister, and would never look at another man.' 'Good Lord!' 'Certain it is that she and Aunt Katherine are nob on speaking terms. If they meet on the road they cut each other dead. I was very friendly with Aunt Katherine when we went to visit them last year after Uncle Roger found us out. She used to want me to tell herthingsabout Australia, and took a lot of interest in things ; but Aunt Barbara would never have anything to say to me. She regu larly turned up her nose at me as if I'd been a black gin or a convict. Aunt Bar bara,' said Sue judicially, ' seems to me to be a Delavel all over.', ' ' She always was,' said Richard, c ' true blue to the backbone. It would be juBt like her to turn her nose up at you. I wish she'd married her precious Max — they'd have been a pair, and little Kitty might have had a chance. However, I'm glad Kitty has the upper hand of him. She had a spirit of her own, I remember, and wouldn't allow herself to be sat upon. Well,' — after a pause and wibh a twlakla In his eye — ' and how's your other aunb, Aunt Rhoda, Rh^y they used to call her in the old j£ays ? I hope she's well and thriving; I hope you went to see her when you were paying family visits, eh ? She was a sensitive person, was Rhody — very apt to feel hurt if she waa neglected by her relations.' Sue's face grew crimson, and after a moment's hesitation she broke into an em barrassed laugh. Her father had left her to find out for herself how the case stood with respect to her maternal antecendents, and the discovery had been a considerable shock to her. She had a vivid recollec tion of the Morrison family as they ap peared in their pew in the nave of Dan stanborough church on that Christmas Day of which she had been speaking — Aunt Rhoda, course and red -faced, a mountain of flesh, with coarse-looking girls and boys beBide her, the girla wear Ing flyaway hats turned up at tha side and silver lockets andchains round their necks ; and Uncle John, grey and bent-backed, dull eyed and stolid, physically and intel lectually on a level with his own farm laborers — and of her feelings when she realised the discrepancy between the facts as she saw them and the fiction that poor Annie had imposed upon her. She also thought of that visit to the farm which she dutifully paid — how her aunt had commenced the interview with cake and wine and honeyed words and obsequious ness—had then proceeded to wound the filial susceptibilities of her niece by pro fessing Christian forgiveness towards one whose pride, that would nob allow her to acknowledge her own flesh and blood, had been brought low, even to the dust, and ended by unpacking the whole store of bitter grudges that the dead woman had provoked and spreading, them before the indignant eyes of her living representa tive. It was a grotesque and painful memory. 'Never mind,' said Richard, with mischievous enjoyment of her confasion ; 'you shall tell me all about her byand bye. There's a tale to be unfolded, I can clearly perceive. Eh, Noel ?' ' We got on with the uncle better than with the aunt,' said Mr. Ratledge, with becoming gravity. 'We made a point of seeing Mr. John Morrison a second time.' 'You did, did you? And you told him all he would naturally want to know f 'Everything.' ' That's right. That's what I wished. And — gravely — you think he waa satis fied, Noel ?'' ' Yes. But he's a crabbed old stick. Tunes are hard for farmers nowadays, aud I think his straggle to make ends meet has soured him.' ' I expect it's Rhody haa soured him. But to do her justice she was a capital business woman. I thought she'd have managed somehow to pub money into her husband's purse.' Then the talk fell upon the hopeless etate of the agricultural interest, and how the Dunstanborough property, with lbs mortgages and dower charges, would have been bankrupt over and over again had it not been for the new watering-place ; and Sue rushed Into the burning land question with her characteristic ardor, and then Into a moralising account of her uncle's splendid establishment, and the impressions she received from her sojourn therein. Her description of the rigid state' and ceremony to which she and her husband wan subjected, and how like fishes out of water they felt, waa very graphic and amusln? ; and the picture she drew of Uncle Roger in his pride and power and his human helplessness — the Lord of Dunstanborough, who had all the good things of life, apparently, bat could not save his only son from the common destroyer nor himself from the clutch of malignant disease — was a pa thetic one that drove the smiles from all their faces for a minute or two. It was Lord Boy ton who introduced the Australian Delavels, in her person, to the chief of the family— poor Liord Boyton, who had flown home a broken-hearted little man after manslaughterlng Richard's wife and had not been heard of since. Ha was sent for to Dunstanborough in the autumn following the death of the heir, when the head of the house was mourn fully considering how to open communica tions with the next in succession — sent for to report what he knew ot that now im portant person, aud it oddly happened that he ran across the Ratladges the day after leaving Roger's house, where he had been giving a glowing description of the charms of Richard's daughter. The unexpected meeting waa a great joy to himself, apart from the family amenities to which it gave rise. When bis old friend met him with such cordiality and kindness — when he found that she was married to the man of her choice, when he heard, moreover, that her father had married also — his load of self re proach was wonderfully lightened. And as for Sue and Noel the fortnight they bad spent with him in his Irish castle was . cue ot the pleasanteat episodes ta the his tory of their travels. -She had to tell her father all about It, and make him take tha enhanced Interest in Lord Boyton that she now felt. ' He hasn't twenty thousand a 'jb&t;, father, nor a quarter of twenty thousand, nor anything like it,' she said enthusias tically. ' My dear, I never for a moment'sap posed he had,' said Richard. ' And he has married a girl as poor as himself, and not an heiress, who would have helped him out of debt and difficul ties.' she continued, in a glowing tone of eulogy. 'I always did say there waa a lot of good in the dear little fellow, and there he proved it beyond a doubt.' ' Perhaps the heiresses wouldn't hava him.' 'Nonsense. Of course they would. You don't know the social value of a titla at home, evidently.' 'No doubt the present lady had the title in view. She can hardiy have taken him on his own merits. A nasty little drunken beast ? ' ' Father, he is nothing of the kind. Ha las trogglingto cure himself of his bad habits for her sake, and that alone Is proof that they love each other. She Is a dear, bright, sweet -tempered creature, who must have had lovers by the score — Isn't she, Noel? — and she chose Mm and he chose her, and it's just delightful to see how happy they are in their dilapidated old castle, with their crowd of slipshod servants. He really doesn't know which way to turn for money to live on. I waa bo pleased !' It was a summer night, and there was a full moon, and everybody who knows Sydney Harbor knows how it looks under those circumstances. Oar four friends, on rlsingslmultaneouslyfromthedinner table, stepped outoftheopen windows togazeupoa the enchanting scene and to breathe tha salt air blowing freshly from the sea. They did not go down the stairs and winding pathways, because Constance was not allowed to climb, but gathered on the upper terrace, and from that altitude, as from a watch tower, looked through a frame of rustling foliage upon the lovely distance of shimmering water and shadowy shore. 'Oh,' cried Sue, with tears in her eyes, ' there is no place like home, and no home like this home !' She was lean ing on her husband's arm, bat her father stood on the other side of her, and she laid her cheek on his coat sleeve in tha old caressing fashion. ' I certainly am the happiest person on the face of tha earth to-night,' she declared, with tha emphasis of strong emotion — ' tha very happiest, without exception.' ' Oh, I think you must make one ex ception,' said Noel, laughing. ' Two— three,' said Constance. - ' Absib Omen !' cried Richard, putting up his hand. ' Don't talk so loud, lest that old hag with the shears should hear you.' Chapter XLIX. — The Wages of Love. Before they separated Sae asked her father a laughing question. ' And what have you been doing all the time ? I . have been giving you a fall account of our adventures, but you have told as nothing.' 'There is nothing to tell,' he answered. They were dawdling in tha hall, lighting bedroom candles; aa tha yellow flame raged upward over his face she noticed that he waa a little greyer, bat otherwise alert and bright and handsome as ever. ' Constance and I have been standing stock still simply.' ' Haven't you done anything ?' 'Not a mortal thing. We didn'6 want to.' ' Fancy, two people doing nothing for two whole years !' exclaimed Constance, who was drooping on hia arm, looking rather white and weary, though smiling still. 'Oh, Dick, it's dreadful. We ought to be ashamed of ourselves.' ' It seems to me,', said Sue, ' that though we've talked so much about paying back, we've done nothing bat ran into debt the whole time. There la not * one of us that has earned his salt, so far. . , Noel dear, now that we are home again we must bestir ourselves, and set these idle people an example.' 'She has done her work,' said Richard, covering with his own his wife's beautiful hand, which looked very white and slender on his coat Bleeve. ? 'I'd like to have as good a record to show. And she shall do no more. She wants to rest now, and she has honestly earned her rest.' ' But you haven't.' ' Perhaps not. Bat I am going bo take it, because if I don't rest she won't. I can't be bothered with your schemes, Sukey, You must work them by your self.' 'But I haven't the money for my schemes. You have. All that money lies on my mind, father — when you think what it might do !' ' Take it, then, and do what you like with it.' 'Oh, no ; It is yours, and the respon sibility Is yours ? ' ' Well, go to bed, old girl— go and talk about it to Noel. Here's OonBtance looking as white aB a ghost — she's had a heavy day of It, and she must go and settle to sleep as quickly as possible. Good night, child, good night. It's good to have you back again. Bub you mustn't be too severe on us poor old folks, who have never had a real holiday till now.' When her father had kissed her with all the old loverlike warmth, Constance followed with a maternal embrace that was not lees cordially responded to. 'You see how It is,' said the elder woman. ' You will have to pay back for him as well as for yourself. Remember it when the time comes and the money and everything is yours — that ha left liabilities behind him; and be bis stewardess and deputy, and discharge them in his name.' She said it lightly, with a smile ; bnt her stepdaughter understood that she meant it very seriously, and answered her with another close and silent kiss. Then they said goodnight all round and separated. Sae climbed the stairs wibh a lagging step, hanging to her husband's arm, and Constance was conducted to her spacious ground floor chamber by her In separable companion, who was still the only maid she had or wanted. As for poor Annie — if we look facts plainly in the face, a proceeding quite con trary to civilised custom, the place that had known her literally knew her no more. Her 25 years of domestic* sove reignty simply went) for nothing. What else could be expected in the case of a husband who had regarded himself aa her captured bond slave from the first, and la the case of a child who had taken the part of that conventionally unfaltafal spouse against her ? In her lifetime she had had but the letter of their allegiance, and not the living spirit ; and now that she had been a few years dead, though they kindly and tenderly remembered her from time to time, they did not mourn f-r her any more. This to the general reader will prove, not that Annie was in fault, but that the had a bad husband and a bad child ; and Indeed no excuse is offered for them, except that they are here set down as they really were, and not as they ap peared or aa they ought to have been — which is a cruel process to which we are never subjected in the world of real life, and which therefore doss them a certain Injustice. In the world of real life a legal mother who conforms to rule. is never allowed to be judged on her intrinsic merits, never required to reap what ehe has sown, like the poor folks who are not hedged with the divinity of a like status. She Is to be revered by her intelligent grown up family, whether she be hard or tender, selfish or unselfish, noble or ignoble ; and if they don't revere her they are never to own it, even to themselves. This is all right, of ooorsa — everybody feels it so— bat at the same time it is not quite sincere or nataral ; and Sue, like her father, wag- toccibif prvne to lean to catar« ritaac t'aaa to the supreme authority which regol&tes; our afialrs. Faith was once defined by a HiadooChxiatian eonvertto hia missionary teacher as ' believing what you know to be untrue ;' and the people who caa perform that feat can, no donbb, love those who they know they cannot love; but our tiro poor friends were morally too simple and clumsy to do either. And it is still a question whether, la the general process of examination and jadg ttent to which all our Institutions are being brought, the conventional mother may not have to justify her claim to filial doty and honor which she has done little or nothing to deserve. At any rate the melancholy fact remains thst See did not miss her mother very much, and had no sense at all of wanting her. She went to bed feeling as happy as she had recklessly described herself when her father warned Tier that she was tempting fate, but she was much more fatigued than she supposed or. allowed, and inclined to be wakeful and restless. Her bedroom arrangements, 'devised by the thonghtf al stepmother, were such as to make sleep t-zzj even on a Sydney midsummer night. F'tir brass poles fastened to the floor h*id a gauzy canopy about 12 feet square over her head, and from the light roda connecting them hong the airiest film of mosquito curtain, enclosing her as in a large transparent tent- Within this she reposed in spacious comfort, with that room to breathe which she always needed for body and soul alike, and without the windows stood wide open to the night breeze. She could see the moonlight on the water aB she lay, without lifting her head from the pillow— she could feal the wandering airs that came up from the sea — through the light veil that protected her from the tormentors. After the cramped quarters she had occupied in ships and trains the space and softness and delicate purity all about her were delicious. She talked to her husband for a long time, in spite of his gentle remonstrances, until the sound of his breathing Indicated that he could no longer take part in conver sation. Then she looked at the harbor lights, watched the revolutions of the South Head beacon, thought about her schemes, little and big, how she and Noel could begin to pay back for 'value received' during the last two years, and where she should look for a monthly nurse, and so on, and instead of growing drowey as the night wore on, became more acutely wide awake and active minded every moment. Her ad mirable nervous system was a little strained by the excitements o£ the day following upon a long railway journey. Towards 3 o'clock In the morning, when feeling the firet symptoms of approaching slumber, she was startled by the sound of a banging door downstairs, a hurry of feet, a bell ringing loudly, and her father's voice calling to somebody In a voice that made her heart stand still. She knew in a moment what that wild shout meant, ringing through the silent house In the dead of night : only one cause could account for it. Springing to a sitting posture, she shook her husband violently, and, as the cry was rapidly repeated, he too heard it, and came to foil consciousness of its meaning with a bound. 'Run, Noel, run. Constance is ill, and father is calling us,' she cried, and she got out of bed and groped tremblingly for the candle. He promptly put her back again and Implored her, if she loved him, to stay there — not to come downstairs unless he sent for her. Then he snatched at his dress ing-gown and ran, as she bade him, closing her chamber door behind him. He was almost overpoweringly tempted to turn the key, but did not, knowing the useless ness of brute force to prevent her from injuring herself If persuasion would not \- do it. He could excuse Richard for not thinking of his daughter when he made that terrifying noise, but It waa natural £hat his own first anxiety should be on her account, lest the rude Bhock should 'cpsether. Gt course Sue found it impossible to obey him. When she was left alone she ' lit the candle at the little table that stood within the gauze tent, and put on her slip pers and dressing-gown, her heart thump ing, her hands shaking, her ears strained to catch every sound downstairs. The whole house seemed alive In half a minute. The servants were calling to one another and running hither and thither ; the front door banged and the front gate ; all the signs of a dreadful catastrophe were audible. She felt it would be maddening to ^remain alone and idle when she might be of more use than anybody, and that at any rate she must learn the worsb. So she blew out the candle, lifted the tent curtain, and by the light of the moon made her way downstairs, where gas was flaring In all directions. The door other stepmother's room was open and all the windows thrown up. At the further end, in the recess of a large window that overlooked the bay, was a little group of four people— her father, Noel, Hannah, and poor Constance, who was fighting through the lasb hard two minutes of her life, trying to breathe, Trhile something clutched at her breast and strangled her. She was sitting in a large arm-chair, just as she had been lifted from her bed, gasping for s air, but otherwise making no Bound, while her husband held her cp in his arms, and howled — no other word could describe the noise he made — howled like a wild beast tortured, not loudly, but with a concentrated force of savage acguish that was indescribably dreadful. . He was trying to get her to drink some brandy — a supply of which he always kept in a cupboard near her bed — irhlle Noel held the glass and Hannah wildly flourished a bottle of smelling salts ; all their efforts being obviously futile. The poor woman was past help ; she ctnild neither speak nor swallow. She looked np-at her husband with a pathetic help lessness and consciousness of their mutual agony, and he clasped her and cried over her with that terrible howling cry as if he, and not she, were in the throes of a cruel death. It was a Bcene that haunted Sue for many a long day, like a frigatf al nightmare. But it was only for a minute. As she ran through the long room towards them, Noel and Hannah calling to her to go back, -she saw the end of the struggle. Constance lifted her arms to her faithful mate — a sudden, desperate sort of gasture — and he caught her up bodily, carried her a step or two, rocking her as he went, as one seeB a mother rock a child in a paroxyemof pain, and thenlaid heronasofa —that sofa which he had had made on purpose for her, to be better than all other sofas — where she had lain in the afternoon, and prophesied that she was going to be a tough old woman after all. As he laid her down she gently sank out of his arms, sank back upon the pillows, limp and still ; her delicate head rolled a little to one side, and there rested as if she slept; her pretty hands fell open, palm uppermost. They smoothed her white gown over her placid form, and Richard, looking at. her, ceased to howl for he saw that she had ceased to sufibr. * * * * It was not yet daylight when the doctors, who had come too late, were shown out of the house. Me. Dalavel spoke to them quietly and rationally, and thanked them for the useless efforts they had made to reverse the decree of fate ; then he desired the servants to return to bed, kissed bis daughter, and went back to his dead companion, locking the door behind him. ' Now, come upstairs,' said Noel to his wife wearily. 'Wjb can do more for him.' 'And don't come down again,' added TTaniHftj ' 'for it'll do youharmanddo ir.m no good. As for comforting him, yja'd comfort him about as much as tha1) fly buzzing round that candle. He'll s!;ay there with her till the last minute, aud fee won't want anybody else. It's my belief he won't let us lay a finger on her now ehe:s dead any more than he would when she was living. Ah, dear me, is was only yesterday that I wanted to brash her hair, and he wouldn't let me. He said he liked to brush it for her himself. Wei!, 1 don't know what he'U do, I'm sure.' ' It will kill him,' said Sue. (To le continued,) 