AN ARCADIAN TALE. Two years of sun, rain and wind and bad weather had passed over the countless water courses and vast prairies since LoydtRegal left the singularly lonely valley of the Tiche, and now, after the lapse of that time, as he again rode away from New Iberia across the far-reaching prairie, he remembered those days, as one vaguely tries to recall an almost forgotten dream, and he thought of gay, blithesome Josephine Felician, and casually wondered if she were happy. It was early in the morning, and the sun shone over the interminable green prairies stretching far away to the misty horizon like the shimmering waves of an endless emerald sea. Chain-like processions of clouds now and then darkened the sun and throw deep purple slhadows over the sluggish bayou, which glittered like a silver thread here and there through waving willows and hoary, mistletoe-crowned lire oaks, moss-mantled and hoary with years. In the distance herds of cattle grazed, and the passing wind brought intoxicating odours of jasmine, roses and magnolias. Everywhere there was the abundant life and colour of ex travagant nature. Regal drew his mule to a standstill where the animal's feet sank up to the fetlocks in a perfect labyrinth of grasses and flowers. He was a man of some thirty years, dressed in well-made, fashionable garmnnents. His features were linely cut and expressioned with the impress of his careless, amorous nature. Frome somewhere in the distance he heard the hoarse call of a bittern-the only sound in the absolutely silent land. He scanned the plains of waving green grass with a swift penetrating glance, and then rode on with increased speed. " Yes," he murmured to himself, "they said the second house. I have already passed one." After travelling several hours longer he ap proached a low, unpainted cabin with over hanging caves, concealed by masses of grape vines and yellow roses which entirely covered tie black, curled shingles, and clung lovingly around the begrimed chimneys like dependent children about their mother's neck. Regal dismounted. There was no fence, so he tied his mule to one of the china trees which grew on the banks of a miniature circular lake in front of the house. Before he had time to ascend the steps a stalwart man stood in the open doorway. He was about itegal's age, dressed in a nankeen cotton shirt of a yellowish colour and cottonado trousers, and had a pathetic, watchful expres sion on his sunburned face. He slightly nodded to Regal, and smiled as if to an old acquaint ance. "Are you Joseph Dubois ?" inquired the latter, in broken Arcadian French, before ac cepting the proffered chair under the vine covered verandah. " Yes, m'sien," eagerly answered the man, in the peculiar Arcadian patois. " And do you come to see my land i" Regal assented. The Arcadian explained that he could not guide him over the land that day, owing to some small matter which required immediate attention, but promised to attend to it the next morning, inviting Regal in the meantime to make himself at home. Later on he went away and left Regal smoking on the verandah. Joseph had not been long, gone when a low laugh of delight came tho legal-the laugh of a very young cBule. He looked behihd him, still smoking indifferently, and saw coming out of the house a tiny creature between one and a half and two years old. Her eyes were smiling: and her hair flying over her shoulders in bur nished brown ringlets, while she lightly held a. gorgeous coloured butterfly in her chubby tingers. She was entirely naked-only a scarlet. scarf was twisted about her pretty neck and white limbs. "Josephine ! Josephine !" called the mother's voice from the interior of the cabin. At that sound Regal started from his seat, and a surge of crimson suffused his throat and, face. Before he had time to think the mother of the child, in pursuit of her offspring, stood near him. She was not more than a girl her self in years, straight as a reed, with magnificent. waveless black hair, liquid dark-fringed eyes, and a rarely perfect figure. When she saw Regal she uttered a gasp of dismay, and tottered against the pillar of the porch. ?You- you ! " she murmuresd in the native tongue. "Why did you coma?" itegal's discomposure equalled hers, but hea knew better how to conceal it. He had not ex pected to see her. Someone in New Iberia had said she was married and gone to Vermillionvillc. to live, and he had thought it well, and so dis missed the subject from his mind. " W\ell, Josephine," be said at length, with a. good- natured smile on his lips, "and so you are married." The girl did not reply, although there had not been a day for two years but she had thought of this man, and -ongcd to see him. " s Joseph Dubois your husband l" ie in quired, apparently not noticing her confusion, but in reality rebuked by her colourless face. Coustless memories thronged on hiss-of sum mer nights, and the love lee had talked to thie dark-eyed Arcadian, and of the love she had given him-a passion that had sacrificed all and never complained-and for such a debt he habd paid her with-what ? Neglect, silence, and oblivion. "And this little child, is it yours, Jose phine ?" he continued. A cry of intolerable suffering broke from her. " Yes," she said, "she is mine, mine-and yours. Oh, why did you leave ome then I You should have stayed by me through that bitter trial ! " she wailed, and then stopped suddenly as the blood crimsoned her face. She had spoken in the impulse of the old love shn had ever yielded him, and intending to up. braid. Regal shuddered as he heard her, and hastened to repair what seemed like a claim on him for that past foolish affair. "I will make all reparation in my power," lIe continued, and would have said more but at that moment Joseph Dubois came round the corner of the house. Josephine gathered her child up in her arms, and, without glancing at either man, went in and closed the door. " I have found, m'sole, that I can go to-day, after all," said Dubois with downcast eyes. "Tice water is high ; thus we can make good headway and get back by sundown." Regal received this news with delight. He longed to leave the place where every word ut tered reminded him of his own baseness. While lIe stayed Ihe knew remorse and repentance would be with him, so with one covert glance at the closed house he followed Dubois a short distance across the pathless prairie to the bayou. The tall grass was knee- deep with saffron-tinted flowers, and a flock of rice birds rose from the edge of the stream as Dubois pushed his pirogue from the reeds into the water and motioned Regal to seat himself, while lhe stepped in and without a word took up the oars and began to row rapidly up stream. Regal made several ef forts at conversation, but receiving only mono syllabic replies he relapsed into silence, watch ing the weird scenery on the banks as he rapidly floated by. The air was balmy and heavy with the perfume of innumerable flowers, but pro foundly melancholy with the awful silence that eovered over all the splendid, ancient land. On Dubois pushed his pirogue through the tangled mass of white and yellow lilies in the wide stretches of the bayou, where gigantic live oaks waved along the banks, dropping their mossy veils to the very water and moving their branches like the dripping, spectral arms of ghosts beckoning toward an unseen land; on through sombre lagoons, where the water was so high they were obliged to droop their heads to avoid the rank vines which hung from the trees in fantastic festoons; on over the flooded swamp, the lair of unimaginable horrors, where moccasins lay coiled on reeds and deadly rattlesnakes curled on low hanging branches, a twisting, writhing, voiceless emass of living venom, just discernible in the twilight gloom of the sombre cypress forest by the glitter of their eyes. On through the chilly atmosphere and malarious fog, and then out of that jungle of horrible growths into a small lake fairly alive with voracious alligators and other loathsome things. Dubois ran his pirogue up to a small island covered with tiny blue star-faced blos somns. " Get out a moment, nm'sieu," he said calmly to Regal. "There is something wrong with the boat." Regal, suspecting no harm, stepped out into the black mud, and before lie could prevent it Dubois pushed off into the lake again. When sevaral yards distant he called to Regal. "'Look to yourself, m'sieu. You are on an island which is generally flooded at this season. The water will grow higher day by day. You will wear your life out counting the inches as it comes to you. Look to yourself, m'sies, for Cajans never forget dishonour offered to their women. While the hungry alligators swim around your island waiting for their time to come think of Josephine and her broken heart. 1 loved her, boy and man, before you came, and after you had gone I still loved her. To-day I learned you are the man who broke her heart; so adieu, m'sieu," and Dubois began to row away. "Have you no heart, man ?" cried legal in agony. "Surely you would not leave me here to be drowned." A derisive laugh was the only response. "For the love of God I beg you to return," implored Regal in frenzied tones, The monstrous passion flowers waved in the breeze, and a call of a whoop-crane from the recesses of the dark, mysterious forest was tihe only reply, and Dnbois plied his oars faster. " I will give you all I possess, and I am rich just think, Joseph---I will give you thousands of dollars-if you will come back ! " eBut Dubois had gone. Bidden by the lazy masses of moss ie rowcd homeward througlh the gloom of the swamp. At supper he nwas quiet and thought ful, and in reply to Josephine's eager questionr said the stranger had returned to New Iberia. lie retired early and sank into a troubled slecs, ie which he talked and moaned and told of the man on the island. Quick as a flash it came to tlhe almost crazel woman. He whom she loved nwas alone in that deathl-dealing place, where the very atmosphere was pestilential. Kissing hler baby she rushed franticailly frome the hosee. She found the pirogueo and pushled it out in the water, whichl lay like a vast sheet of silver under the moon's white rays. Straining her hands until her veins were knotted and swollen like great purple cords she rowed, as one pursued by death, over the course her husband and her lover had traversed. From somewhere in a thicket of roses a mock ing bird sang its sweetest notes. It hbrought hack that dead summer when Regal had wooed ler under the vines of her father's cottage, and faster and faster she urged the boat on. At last, neary and exhausted,she reached the island and fell fainting into Regal's armns as hle stepped into the pirogue. After awhile hler consciousness returned, and they soon started on their dismal ride. Back through that black choked swamp Regal rowed, while the fatigued woman pushed the low hanging branches aside. Once she stood up and raised a network of twisted vines so they could pass under. Suddenly, before she realized it, she lhad dlisturbed a huge rattlesnake. Withl a horrible thud it slid into the boat and gathler ing itself up made a fierce dash at Regal, who sat motionles as though charmed. Josephine saw thie reptile dart its forked tongue at her lover. She grabbed an oar from the dazed man and brought it down on the snake in several successive blows. The angered serpent hissed and turned from Regal, who began to regain himself, and struck furiously at the girl. iegacl pounded the hlorrible monster with tle other oar, andl at length killed it, but not before the deadly poison of its bite was taking eslcet on poor Josephine. She sank downe against Regais knees. Her head fell back and her mouth was growing gray and parched. "I loved you always," she murmured faintly in the stillness of the early morning. "Reolem her mny baby. When you go-take her-with you. You --you are her father. Love her-and remember me for a while," and little by little death stole over all her senses. The rosy son began to mount the eastern skies and a lark soared upward, singing its first matin. "Josephine- Josephine ! " moaned Regal, bending over her in anguish. "Dear little Jose phine ! Look up and say you will live, for I love you dearly. It is the old love returned." Rut thie eyes did not open. The lips did not reply. What use was remorse when it ealme so late ? And when Dubois awoke in the morning he founda the woman for whose sake he had sinned lead in the sweet-scented veranda, and the little child,. who had her face, was gone. fai. Isoic--Fl-st- reies csod for missilca 