MELBOURNE RING NOTES. THE THOMPSON TROPHY COMPE ^ TITION. The Apollo Hall Wna very well attended on Saturday evening, whod the competition for Joo Thompson's gold watoh waa continued, and three more bouts contosted. .1 ho t oxing on thia occasion was of a vory superior ' character, and the pluck and olevernees of some of the youngsters engaged deserves the highest commendation' Messrs. Miller and M'CilI were again referee and timekeeper, and a gong was in. use to give tho signal for time, corners, &a.; I . WILLIAMS AND BOWEN woro tho first two to compete, and appeared in the ring as soon as colled on. Thoy treated the spec tators to a genuine good go, each lad fighting for nil hn tpna wnrfVi. Bound 1— Williams, as soon as ho left his oorner, at once commenced by sending out the left, landing lightly on Bowen's conk, and the lads came to olose qnariers, where somo very willing two-handed wcrk was indulged in. In getting apart Bowen cleverly escaped a very wiokod upper-cut. Not a' moment was wHSted in sparring, and coming together again Bowen landed a good right-hander on Williams' jaw, and repeated tho doao without a return. Williams rusucd in and things were litely during a short rally, whioh onded in Bowen. being floored. Directly ho regainod his pins Vi illiame went for him n^ain, and somo quick two hand work occurred, Boweu being again downed. Ho took bis ten seconds, and to the end of tho round mixed matters in capita' style. Bound 2.— Bowen was the first to lead and got tbo left woll on tho ribs, and Williams swung ais . right tbreo times, but could not get ou. In a fourth attempt ho landed a hot 'un on the baok ot tho head. After a very short spat he lod with tha left, but was rieely stopped by Bowen, who cross countered with a right, and got home onthe oa.r Williams went to force matters, and chonped another right on tho oar, but landed the left ln\ah onthe face. bringing Bowen down. When they camo together in-fighting waB tho order, and a good giro and take rally ended the round. . Bound 3, — Both wore a little cautious, and a few harmless exchanges took place. Williams now sent the right on the ribs, Bowau countering well on the face. This brought them to close quarters, whoro some hard hitting waa indulged ln'for a : ' timo, when Bowen. who got a nice opening, sent iu' V a brace on the body and head, Williams using hi3 right in tho endoavoor to get a knock-out, but could not succeed. Bound 4.— On ooming together there waa a short 1 . spar, and Bowen planed tho loft on tho face— a stingor— which brought them to cle3a quarters, wh-re it was regular hammer and tongs till the gong sounded. Bonnds 5 end 6.— These rounds require .vory littlo description, as each lad was all tho time , v doing hia level best to win, A good deal of amusement was caused by the energy displayed by WilliomB in trjing to got the right on, and tha dexteiity with whioh Bowtn duckodout of danger, and. at the finish, Williams waa declared tha winner of a good and game contest. ;i(: HENET AND .TONES two good-looking lads, were the next to enter the ' . . ropes, and wero at once ordered together for Bound 1,— Both lads went at it eagerly; but Henry aoon took a decided lead, getting the left heme repeatedly, and, by a woll- judged* one, bringing Jones to the floor, where he took his 'i lOsec. When he responded to the gong, Henry l o west for him with the left, hut was short, and in - f getting away copped a right-hander on tho ear; Henry next sent the leffcwell on tho bread bag and ' ' followed np with two more on the ribs, Jones countering very well. In the rally that ensued Henry gotin a good right upper-cut again flooring Jones ; he took his timo, ana on coming up he wis allowed no rest. Henry playing tho devil s tattoo on his body and head, and again sending him to ' grass, Auother lOsec. and he only oame up to get. a staggerer on ihe wind and an all-round punohiag till corners. Bound 2.— Henry commenced the play by gottiur both hands well on tbe body and head, receiving i good connterin return, when somo oloso work took plaoe. Henry having all tho test of tha rally On breaking away Henry sont tho left on thi smelling box and tapped tho claret, Jones getting tbe right aoross the hoad in return. Henry, who was having all the best of it, might have won iu this rourd had ho followed up his advantages, bub when be had Jones in trouble he generously gave him a chance, but when corners Bounded he w&3 doing just aa he liked with Jones. -Riling 3 lnat ? Thin n. n ca-n ni o. C.Mn-l round, as from the call of time Honry hid it all hia own way. p»6ting Jones when and where he liked. He very soon drew afresh tap from Jones' nasal organ and raised a bump under his loft eye. and made things so merry that at the olose of 'tha round the referee, seeing that Jones had not a ghost of a show, declared Henry the winner. LOCKING AND O'NEIL Were tho next two on the list. O'ifeil was much taller and longor in tho reaoh than his opponent, bnt this advantage was more than oountornalanoed by tbe cleverness displayed by Locking, who also fought with gameness and determination, and was declared the winner after fire good rounds had hoentoxed. Tho competition will bo renewed on noxt Satur day, when tho first ronnd'will bo concluded. . Downie and Boland. ! ' Peter Boland and Harry Downio havo booa matched to box oig:ht rounds at tho Apollo Hill ou Easter Monday night. Downio hn3 taken up his quarters at Taylor's Betreit Hotel, Brighton, undor tho caro of Charley Taylor, Costello's old trainer, Nipper Peakes has arrived here from Albu-y, and a match haa been arranged botwoen himself and Pluto. It is only through tho kindness ot CosteUo aud Nathan that Nipper could get this match on, as on n? account would thoy let Pluto have the hall. Thoy havo always treated tho Sydney boys well whonaver they camo here, and when I spoko to Miok about Pobkes he at once consented to let him have the hall, and wiU allow him its use for training pur. poses. Pinto and Nipper havo been a long time trying to get together, but up to now have fiilod. They will be a vory oven matoh, and tho oontest will be ono well worth seeing. COSTELLO AND THE COUNTRYMAN. A countryman who appeared more than anxioas to learn tbe noble art, recently paid a visit ,'o the ? Loongo Hotel, had an interview, with Mirtin CoBtello, with whom he arranged for a aeries of \ lessons, and in duo timo presented himself at the Apollo Hall where good-hearted ?? But!' troated him with all tho mildnoss imaginable taking more than ordinary care inthisoase. He (tho stranger} didn't onro about thn mild work, aud told Msrtin to hit him. Buff smilod, and llippod him lightly with tho loft, but it was not hard ououjh to satisfy tho aspirant's appetite. So ?' Coa' sent iu a good 'un on the wind, uoudiug his nihil ovor the ropes. He camo on again and asked for more. ?' Buff ' got a bit narked, and sont the right on to his car, which mado him, to uae Costollo a worda, stagger and go round and round and round and, well, fall. On picking himself up ho said; ' That's a hard 'un. I want no more.' Castillo looked wicked, and said, 'If you got it on the jaii? yoti wouldn't apoak so soon.' Tho funny pare of the l-usineea iB that tho countryman imagined himself a knookor-ont, andthought to praotico on Martin, nnd when the latter found thiB out bo breathed a few ' American prayers' iu a loud whisper, and ?wanted to givo another lesson, butit is needloas to Bay that tho bushwhaokor wasn't on. Mace v. Bogebs, Maco and Sogers fought M*$fght round contest for a 84/0 trophy at the ApollgljHall on Monday. Thore waa a full house, and tlib- light rosaltei ia a draw. During tho oontost Maoo foroei the ? fighting, but mado a mistake iu not using the left, waiting for a knock out with tho right. Soger t usod hiB left vory woll, but olinohod evory tima Mace swung his right. All Uio aympathy waa with Sogers, ana only the firmness of Nathan kept tin house orderly. In the oivhth round Maoo tired, but got right again', and dealt out punish. ' ment without stint to tho finish. Begors also did I good work. At the fidish both' men' wore pumped, out. Slavin had a difficult task as referee, ba , noted splendidly. Dohorty was timekeeper. Medal Competition. ' Tho Fitzroy Juniors Competition for the pr'eal dent's medal took plaoe on Monday. Thero wor four entries, and somo splendid boxing and sovera Sunishment was exhibited. In tho first baut, Hill efeated Hiokey alter a hard battle. tt'Cormlok defeated Pennington In SOsec. In the final Hlllaud M'Cormiok fought a grand oontost, and at the finish therefereo- could not deoide, and ordorod another round, but M'Cormiok oould not acratoh, Tho president, in a neat speech, presented the modal to — ' Bill, ana-' dwelt on, the neoessity ot phyaloal . training. :-The olub is now oh a firm hislg.' aud '. ' ,t 'premises' 'well. It is^composod of harctvworklug . ? ? young,- ino'u, full- of ambition, uiany of. ;whoia- j ^ftgrst-clBs»:hoxBra, ? ? ' ' ? The Sunday Tiiuss haa a far larger circulation in Sydney, and onburba than . 'cither. cE thu i«adin^ Sydney dailies. - ^ 