poxuGHT Flashes, j n tcason when tho rain it rainath jf._ ;„y ond night, and tho 'blues' StcooBeinontly very prevalent, it is .?ffrileaBwt thin? to bo able to drop lifioinewboro nfter dinner with tha cor li, 0f boing amnsod, of having both oyos :€ c»ra tiobled at the same time, and of llL COB)polled to laugh whothor yon want to ?Kit. So many people dropped into' tho '.?.l 'nn Saturday night to aea Pepita that igven there was not a seat to bo had, up 3 or down. Even the haughty and ox n circle patrons rolled np nouanally ub&r; abont half ft-dozen late arrivals, 7#ni03 tho heartfelt blesainga of thoso jy seated. Next to tho ladiea who will ion waaiing mountainous hata at plaoes nnsomont, (ho people who mako an in ,\\!e praotico ot arriving late are the (fltboro. Pepita oontaiaa eomo delicious ! whilo the droBBoa oro gorgeons and tho !iy magnifioent. Yat the opera, oompared inch goms ns The Mikada, Patience, liJio, cr oven Madame Angot, or 'lochcs de Corneville ia not: ia it Thanks, ver, prioo pally to the ezo silent company uniforming at the Royal, tho show i t ^oU worth seeing, and will probably Troll for the next few weoka. Of oourjo now nil abont tho plot by this timo— if oa't you ought to. No oaoasion, there to waslo time and spice on that. Lot ifine onr attention to the ssenory,. tho r and tho singing. The ' rag ' riioa on e']y group of islands, set in a snmmor aoft shimmering bine. Theae ara sup to bo tlio Canories, although we woulda't o bet on tho resemblance. It's aprotty anyway, o perfect feast for tho eyas, icited a hearty round of applause on by. Tho Palaoa in soene 2 ia anothor c triumph' j the tasselatod pavom9nt, acifniooinmnB supporting the rouaded md tho piotnreaquo aheot of water in creground, jotted with lilliea, aro mderfully realistic. The bull rinif tHrd aot ia alono worih ii to seo. Firat of «U you got a view etier of tho amphitheatre, and thon, , tho saono changes, and ia a tiyink iterior of tho building ia beforo you, ll-fight juat over. It haa boon vit i thoDBanda of spootators, whose t? aentred on tho elain, a hugo blaok j liea 'appalling atiU in d»ath.' jwait.who fillo tho tltle-rolo, singe ltd dancei bettor thin bIio ainga. b vory hard, and bo doas Fanny aa llo?. Pinny, who Baams to got tory tiao wo boo bar, has a voice aa ijrup. Sho sing ' Of my hoart yoa tho rca3tor ' with har arms round ,'ernon's nack all tho time, net oaiy y, tut in a way that oansed every bey Drea?nt to eyo Huntborno with :o cf Nellio Stowurt'a bait numbera 0 lut dare,' and in tho vivan'lioro'a . 1-ur.iiy und Nolly scared a genuine ICiuuuird, a no® and chirm rtatioa of tha Triumvira'o, has very I'dlCatoriu^. Shodocsn'tgota slow, ad not a littlo 6urpt isod at tho hearty -to reotived oa entering. Mr. W. [?'tit:, que a ia nndonbtadly tbo priu ot tlio eIiow. Tlio pirt in but a small it ia handled w ith marvellous ability, o! grotctquo uharaofor noting it is lirg miles to boo. Tho duct, 'My fiiend Bimbicdoa' (pAtaqada ond a, I'Ir. Walter Mareock) tinkled ;nco ao much on Saturday that thoy ac-t oaough of it, nnd the rival itcrf recalled again and again. Mr. ticainc, aa Inigo, was vory fnnny. iho housa in roar3 all the timo ho ind Howard Vernon mada ft go jd djal illo. Ilia first eoogl ' Never a eft for leiauro,' wa3 moat spiritedly 1 althonch tho part of Pedrillo ia an I 'ant one compared to iinotaorno, too igh Eiecntioner, &c.; , Mr. Vornon, lino artist that ho is. threw himsalf tl ecnl into it. Of tho minor pirta, ilr. Stnart'u Hans, tha oomio sentry, id to honourable mention. The beau aery ia piinuipally from tho brnoh of _oui Gordcn, Mr. Hugh Patterson ? viitii him in tbo production of (act 3). Tho muaio ia dehnht;ul ; ced M. I eon Oaron_ winlda the baton, I'epita, uDlibo its pre ie Yeomnn of the Guard, contains atohy' uira, and this alono will suto ita greater popularity. We. r, reoommond a viait to tha Boya without bavicg to Btrain our ;.a oaduugor our chauco in tho 1-byo, II ? B Majfatj'a Confusion has drawn ly duticg iho weo^, notwith s woatbor, and those who go have it i a tho shapo of fun. JLangh ! fy tho most moroso man to sit throngh without rolling off his merriment. Mr. Eignold, as Unaploford, ia vory good, and omio close np convulses hia uh:lo Jlessra J. \V. Sweonoy, Lj'te, Jewott, Joo Tolano aud i iunuy whon oooaaion domanda, sir parts csccllently. Tho aoting o biitop, us I' -so lYlumploford, ia finialiod, whilo tho othor lidhs 'ho east all work wall togothor rcoulte. Tho patrons of a roil J (and thoy aro many) should no- ii'ii, 'bioli, it it continuos to draw ; hua dono, will no d'jubt hold tho oino conaiderablo timo. » ?» -u lark'a European Celebrities atiU t ut tho Academy, but their days ed, as tin scaion closes on Friday ^^!la complimentary boaefit will bo Mr ]?'. M. Clark. To- night thoso ata, tho Bonhair Crothow, tiko a ' as nil tho original company with Jihlo addition, iooluding Chatloa Hotort Fau^t, Mr Johnny D^oblo, fvthomo, una Miss Edith Wilson |Kodunotiv grand house will roll p.n the cc:uaion. Moinwhilo tha p(r:ily ulocg, and the publio a:o jihan their money's worts. p # * fTowora Iim no oaugo to regrot of C'uludiao in favour of srhioh ia a dooidod suoccss. cu tliia sterling Iriah drama a bliitjr, nnd if prosont ba takon aa any erltorion it 0 eo for B3mo timo, Tho worth hoatinp', whilo tho t can bo doaired. As Arrah wota eiiowod that fiho ib an n ability, whilo hor songs the aversxo. Tho othor ompany aro all goad artiata, ?'» woll, und tho publio will t) th-j Wiioty. Mr. Solright a thu paiuci'.igot tho Boonoa, w dirojto.-l tho ^oroheatra holdinrj rsooptions at tho ??is'i'.t eoniinuo to do eo for t-'U-^nmenis did not ntand O'ybaiiy who haa boon to sco 1 U'calt of ii:,tuvo is Batisliad '?'?iiMi of Iho affair, whioh wo .'nwioncd. jJesiilo3 Jo-Jo, v11*- il'ian a'irra'so no o;ul ot' u« usual txhibltua of wax n'jt vjitluui; udmirofii. In attiaotijna n grand !» tthio'a Minjoa llina Ho ?'e'-ii!o, nu :l MoH9ru AVadloy i;1'. will tako plivjo dailya1! wtf t.i !ivo;\nu iiovoa to con. tao uijclust bu u of ono r'AiUW so:i,-u'!'hing cow to J111'1 »n spito o: tha I 'l IT ' J1'-5'*11- 0'° -v»locl i i ,r- Kdwlii Lnvlor, v/cVv'^l^'^ ^'nugJffed, and » 8Uro. 1,0 '9 n, th !l!- J0 tf.irani niifli S— n i. M „ i ' 1 '''whmnuso. 1 H 3 Aua Ala75n aujuodo j in pleating tho audionne, while tho bill oonolnded Piper ' amU K tiih C3m6dy. ' Caaoy tho P? ' * # # At the i Hoymarket Muaio Hall anoh a bill is pufc forth that oven tho ohronio grumbler^ peaBea hia Bplntterings and onjoys himtolf thoroujjhly. The company has boon Btrougtbeuea by tho addition of tho myatioo. fiix m number, and Johnny Collins and Goorgo Gaidner, who aot as end men in tho first part, thus making a total of six ond men. Tho iirBt p»rt molndes the usual songs, jokea and wheezes, whioh wero well received. Tho jong and dance of Bella atjd Wiliio Perman in this^ part alpo favourably impreased tio I uuuienoe, ina myatio Biiadoffs, by tho six I myBtioa, oouoludod tho first 'part. Tho ! second part included Shakspoarian revivals by Messrs. Cowan and flagan, Johnny Collins in his specialties, Moynham and Gardaer. female impersonations by Master W. Linton, anddouble.voiced spooialties-y Harry Carroll, Tho Perman family in fchair Girard aot woro very good, as also wero tho Pausts in Gym- ] MBtio Pastimes. Cowan's afcerpieoo, Vir- i ginian mummies, conoluded tho performance, and the audience departed with a determi nation to oome again at an early data. * * # j Tho Elito Rink is still in tho Bamo 'old ! Bpot, ond is still drawing tho samo old orowds I as it was at its opening. This is no horo to* day and gono to-morrow oonoern, but a real i livo rink, with a real livo manager. Mr. I Skinner is as attentive to bis patrons ai of ' yoro, a faot which skaters fully approsiate. I Tho patrons of this rink oan roat aaautod that I wiey wiU bo supplied with nothing but roller- 1 bearing skates, and a visit to tbo Elito will i repay anyone for his outlay. ! ? . ? ® Grattan _Eigga is ia Eoakhampton. j 04 0 wero Inveroargill on July J Clara Hamilton is singing Sootch songs in Gympie. The Qneensport (Q. Aquarium will bo opened to day. Tommy Hndson opeifl in Broken Hill on Saturday nipht. Hairy liickarda opened in Qarnei's Booms, Adelaide, last night. It iB on the cards that Bland Holt will visit New Zealand Rhortly. Mr. Titheradgo is playing Captain Molyneux with the B. and B. Co. in Adelaide. Simonsen'B Opera Company oloeed their Wellington (N.Z.J season on July 27. The Athetainm Hall. Melbourne, ia occu pied by tho Ly nch Family of Bellringers. By latest advices tbo Payne Family wero playing in tho email toivns of Wanganui IN.Z). \ Mr. D. C. Murray will open in tho Mel bourne Town Hall ptooably oa Tuesday nieht. It is Baid that tho takings daring G. C. Miln'n 12 nighta at Billarat amounted to jCI-122. 'ihe D'Orsny Ogdon Company showed at Wellington (N.Z ) for six nights, finishing on August -k Teddy Royco made hia first appearance in tbo pare ot Jacques in tho Silver Kiwj on Saturday night. Kennedy, tho mesmerist, is still finding Eui.je eta willing to be performed upon at tho Brisbane Gaiety. Con the tilinwjlirii an is being played by the Bruugh andBouoicault Company to good busi ness in Adelaide. Datoy X'.caa'a Ghost and phantom nigger minBtrol show is still booming at tho Hiber nian Hall, Melbourne. When last hoard of, Hugo a Buffalo Min strels wero at Dnnedin (N.Z.), whero tney seem to have caug'ht on. The Melbourne Prinoess iB nightly filled by enthusiastic orowds, who go to see Jennie Leo in tto Grasshopper, Tho Boyal Museum and Grand Palace of Amusement in Molbonrno ia proving a bonanza to Messrs. Washburn and Roberts. _ After the eonolueion of his Adelaide season Harry Richards will viait Broken Hill, after which ho will prooaed to Now Zealand. Davoro and Moore's Minatrols, at present on tour in Kew Zealand, commenced a short season at tho Auckland Opora Houao on July 20. Tho Samplers havo struck tho papular fanoy in Melbourne with East Lynue, and tae Alexandra has its seating capacity taxed nightly. Bantley is a convert to Roman Catholicism. He gavo -£5000 towardB building the pro cathedral, wh.ch is to bo Cardinal Manning's headquarters. ? Frank Clark's All Star Company, aug mented by Chas. B. HiokB1 ' bigs black bocm,' ia proving a draw at tho Victoria Ball, Melbourne. . The Silbons and tho Stlrka will oloaa their Melbonrne soason at ilia Opora Houso on the lGth inBt. Meanwhile Hiecioks and M'Ma.hon can't bank the oash fa^t'oiiongh. . On Thursday night the Ratal Club vocalist3 nnd othors give a concert in tho Protoataut Hall, under distinguished patronago, in aid cf tho Glebo Colliory UisaBter Fund. Woodrofl's Glass-blowing Exhibition, which was recently at tbo Australian Waxworks in this oity, ia now at. tho Grand Aroada, BriB bano, Vi horo very fuir biz. ia boing dono. The Criterion roanagomont will probably run Joseph's Si cectheart to tho end ot tho pre eent company's eeasou, but should a ohango bo dcBirablu She Stoops to Conquer will loplaco tho pio--i'r.t bill. Tho Silver Kiiuj haa been stagod at tho Molboumo Royal, aud tho oast includos MesBiB. Alfred Buckland and 13. W.Royoo, and Miesca lidith Blande, Clara Cosper, and many othor ariistcB now to tbo stago in Aus( tralin. Tho Hebrew lecturoas, Miss Lydia von FinktlBteiu, mado hor last appoaranoe ill Queensland at Brisbane on Saturday night, when a great orowd assomsled to hoar ' Be hold tlio Mun ; or, From tho Cradlo to tho Crcea.' Tho Cogill Bros, and Johnny Gonrlayaro rakicg in tho shokcla at St. Gaorge a Hill, Melbourne, Skipped hy the Liyht of the Moon boing tho attruution. Fanny Saroni, Chas. Faninp, Alt. Holland, and Mons. Proro are aleo with tho show. Somo timo ago a ooncort in aid of tho Samoana waa givon at tho Town Hall, Hobarfc, and proved ono of tho ino3t brilliant ana Encceaeful over given .in Tasmania. 1 ho hall waa crammed in overy part, and quito two hundred pooplo woro turnod away. Ino receipts amonntod to nearly JiOO. 'Cunard' wri!o3 -.—Frank Thornton and Brougli and Bouoioault Comody_ Company havo dono an excellent businoss in Towns Tilllo and Charters Toworo, and opeuod on July 80 at Maoko.v. Thoyr show at l^ook hampton on AuRtiBt 7 for fix nights. _ farattan Rigss ia in Rookhampton, and doing vory gocd biz. . ' For tho information of our friends ot the E(iuaro and compass wn would stata that lodgo Zatland, No. U.G.L., N.S.W,, will hold thoir annnal hall, under tho patronage ot tho Most Worshipful tho Grind Maator, at West's Rooms, 1 oirIi Houso, - -l, CaatlorottgU strcct^oiiThiirsdiiy, Auguat 22, 1880. Tickets uto obtninablo of uovorol ol tho bretliorn. Mr. Richar-l Colo ABpinall, tho son o£ tho still famcna Molboumo birnster, who went to Ktinland souio timo baolc to tako up tho sln-o us a profc-ation, litis mado a suooos3tul spiioarr.noo bofoi-o a London audienco at bt. GcorRo'o IlnU. Langham-plnoo, croatmg tho i, ,t of Mr. Shardoloo m a now pieeo ontitlod Whips of Steel, foundod on tho novol of tho ssiiio namo ' , ,. louiso Joi dan, George C. Miln's loading Imiv tI,id .'n'l-ly : — ' I disliko applause, pro fori: n rr tin t the audionoo should bo lntorestod aud, if rofitibiu, lorgotful ot thofaot that lam itoiirg in a play. To bo called before tho^ our- 'ain is nn uuuiic, a oomplimout, but I do not lil« it. it seems to tne to bo a stopping-out ot tnau'io no it- woro anil oonsoqiiontly_ an lio inocji*i5t«ady'.' This iB an baaaa Ins ticg- maiden of IT protenling ngamat ng bccauHo ili brings on palpitation ot tlio 'liw'Hi Theatrk, West Maitland.— Tho Mtnmtioa of theatrical agents, looturors, &o.;, m-flitcotad to tho above theatre, wnleh has fma*- I-I.ih d tlircwihont', miking tlio aooustio ifcMf ortien coiup'.oto. Aoknowlodcod by lead ®SMi;otor3 to bo now pBrfout in overy dotail. iStago woaauroo -list by 70ft, and is furnished mm nil ftfipli&ccou; rcquicita. Auditorium la ? ffe (!UUi.;uio o! eeittiatj 1500 porsona. Thia stMtt'ro in 1 at- in ndvauco of. any. outside the tho whole heii'K undor tho per Prvision of tho loa.iee, to whom nil tioi.a may bo addroflsod*— Alios, cut Maitland.* 