HLI1THIU OTE HOSP17'diL. ~EETING OF THE CoMMIIITB or MANAGEMENT. TvISDAY, 4TH JusN, 1889. Present.-Mr Vice-President Von-der nuft (in the chair) and Messrs Itzerott, )ebnoy, A. Hedley, G. Robinson and B. Greig (secretary). CoRaESPONDENCB. From James Massey, Staffordshire Flat, to the effect that he had nothing to lo with Mr Gleeson in getting up sports or the Hospital, as stated by him' lt the neeting on the 7th May. That he.and his )rother got up a ball, the proceeds of which amounted to £9 which he sent to he Hospital. He and Gleeso- had never e on together in getting up any sports for 6he Hospital. The Medical Oficer reported, admitted Luring the past month 5 fresh cases, dis sharged 7, leaving 8 males under treat oent.. One case admitted, Thomas Dunn, serious injury to hip joint, progressing as favorably as can be expected. The case of typhoid fever reported last month. made good recovery, will be disoharged i, a few days. The Hospital in its usual tate of cleanliness and good order. The Treasurer reported receipts : R. Hamilton .. ... £1. 0 0 Kennedy Bros. (for B. .Benry, deceased) . 7:14 0 J. Shackell ... ' 1 1 0 P. Kearns ,... ... .1 :0- 0 . R. Anderseon ... ... . 1 0 :J; MDonald ...0'" 10 0 Bank of Victoria 2.. 2 2 0 S. Herman ... 0 :.. 7:0O 5 0 W. Haye. , ... : 1" 0 0 ', Total ;.. ,, £15613 0 Expenditure ... ... £37 19 6 Credit Balance ... 67 5 2 The collector reported receipt of subs criptions amounting to £4 18 included in the treasurer's report. Satisfactory reports were read from the Visiting-Committee, the wards being clean andin 'good order, and no complaints, and recommending the purchase ofka few small articles.--Adopted. . ' Mr Itzerott said in accordance with his promise he had brought James Cook to spleak for himself as to hise treattient at the Hospital. In answer to Mr Itzerott Cook said he came' to the Hospital on Saturday the 13th April about 3 o'clock in ihe after tos. He did not see theDoctor that day ;. did not see him on Sunday; saw him on Monday, after breakfast. He got no attention or mediame during that time. It was stated Cook wae admitted with a sprained ankle. Mr Itzerott quoted from the paper to allow that the Doctor denied point blank the statements made by Cook. Cook said be left because the warder. told him the Doctor could do no more for him. He went out on Tuesday. Mr Itaerott said Cook's testimony bore out his statement that Cook was not attended to during Saturday and Samday, It having been said that Cook was frightened at some ghost story, Cook said he was not frightened by a ghost stony. He was not afraid of ghosts. Mr Itzerott thought that it showed bad management, where a patient was made the subject of practical jpkoe by other patients. In answer to.tleDoctor,, Cook iaid.he got no treatment on Sunday. The Doctor said he- certainly, did not put paint on Cook himself. He mstruoted. the warder to do so. To Mr Itserott. Cook said he.only saw. the Doctor once-or, the Monday. W. Asren,-a patient, on being. called said he saw .the Doctor in the wardl o Sunday morning. If he was not mis taken, Cook's ltk - raint d on, the' Sunday morninr by the warner, Cook said the Warder paintedliton.Mon day morning, and that he told'hin.that the. Doctor could dono more fb hire. He thought alter that the best thing 1h oouldl do was to go away. To the Doctor-Cook stated he never said he wanted to go out to Mr Coakas's. P: Burns,,a patientr,onbeing callTd said became in on Monday morning, after the, Doctor had been up once to the Hbspital. The Doctor told himhe would follols him, and he did. so.. There was a. jpke.about somegirl. Cook told himo he was.going. out.. In answer to.Mr Debney,.P.. Butrnosaid. he could say nothing about Saturday or Snnday, as he was. not in, the fiospitall then. Cook said a, patient, Potter, told him. his.log would have to be takenoff' In.answerto.the Doctors.Cook saki bea was nev.erhbadly treated by him, in the Hospital. SMr Itzerott said the roatter cold be settled by the chairman taking the aeposi. tions on oath.. The Doctor said' he was not..at the Hospital on Saturday night because' be was out. He was at the Hospital on Sunday. He: had nob missed as.Stmnda for 6"months.. To Itzerott-Cook again said ho only ear the Doctor once.on, Monday. The warder said he put iodine onCooks. leg on Sunday and again on Mon-. day. Cook asked him, if there was any more tobe done to hia leg. lie told him not to till he received furtherninstructions.. The Doctor was at the Hospital on Sundar Cook was in bed, The Doctor attended the Hospital twice and. sometiies, three' times a day. The doctor said hewas in the ward on. Sunday but he was not sure if he saw Cook. He might hae done so, hut he. 'could sot remember, it being so. long? Mg r Itzerott wished the depositions. takenri.bn oathb t The chairman would not take the.deposi ions on oath on such a flimsy case,;if he had the power. SThe matron said on the Sunday Cook: was inbed, and she called. the Doctor'a, attention to him. ' The warder said the Doctor nover said; he could do nothing elso, iodine wasi to be. tried for two days. Mr Greie thought the matter otiiht to. be allowed to drop, asthere did not appear to be anything in it. Mr Itzerott saidl he had known Cook for many years and ihe could thoroughly believe what he said, though others wouldi not. The chaiiman. said it was onl~ ones. word against the. statcments of severall persons.. He. would sooner believe the statements, of the Doctor, warder andt matron than.Cooks. Mr Itzeort remarked, that he wouldi not. Mr.Hodley believediCook had left the. Kospitalin a similar way before. Mr Itzerott said Cook left the Hospital' on a previous occasion,.and was given a, bottle of mnedicine tutake with him m;Cook went to Sandhnrst and, gob cured. Cook told the doctor there that it was said his lo' wounld have to come off, when the doctor told him. his leg was woeth for wooden le~a yet 'Thle matter was allowed' to drops. TENDERS. Grocnries.--W. E. Lewis's, the only tender accepted, on the motion of Mr Hedley secondad by Mr Oreig, the tender was accompanird by sawples. S Bread-W. E. Lewis's at G6d per 41b loaf, the only tender, nIcLppted onl tlhe motion of tliechairman, seconied by Mr Greig. 'i Milk-J. Erwin's. at 2f per quart, r, nccepted on the motion of Mr Greig, ece onded by Mr Redly. Meat.-Ore tender, that of G. R. STownsend,.at 44 all round, accepted on the motion of Mr Debney, seconded by Mr Itrerott. Funerale.-Ono tender, J. Crowle's, at 893seach, accepted on the motion of tile Chairman, ecoonded by Mr Debney. 1INANCB The following acconnts were passed for payment:-Warder & Matron, £7 logs Housemaid, £2 3e id; G. Ford, 8s; W. E. -Lewisi £S48 1(l; G. R. Townaend, £5 he &-i:: J. Erwin. £1 le Id; OChrstie & Bpinks, SS7 4led ; Ab 'Toon. 10s; S. M. Hickson, solhctor, &1 is; J. Keogh, £4 6s 10Od. 