Iflovelist. The Secret Chamber; OR, T1IE GIPSY S VENGEANCE. Hy Eliza A. X-upuy, Author of 'The Outlaw* $ Bride -f The White Terror ,' &c.;, -SrV, CHAPTER XVIII. THE DEATH OF Sill HUGH. , To account for what now occurred, wo must return to tho trooper who had been loft on guard below. Jones was a person of inquisitive mind, and it occurred to him that whilo his comrade kopt watch over tho movements of tho f.imilv uhnvA stairs, ho would make a foray through the older portion of tho building. Tho key still remained in tlio door which gavo into tlio corridor, nnd ho traversed its length and entered the chapel. His quick eye soon cnught sight of tho lifted lhig stone, nnd, while i'x aiuining it, the open panel also attracted li is attention. lie exclaiired : 41 By Jove! tho secret's out! That chap waa hid in tho garret, nnd ho's ? awnuwhoro about hero, that's certain, Tho way a been opened for liiin to get out, and tn.ivbo I can trap him before he get's awnj\' Ho rushed back to tho inhabited portion of tho house, called to his com* lade, and, in a fow words, informed him of tho discovery ho had made, at the same timo telling him to remain in front of Mrs. Methurn's room, nnd, in five minutes, to enter it, whilo he mado his way to tho opposite side, for ho was cer ? ? ?» t?xisrea do- , tween tho chapel and that suite of apartments. Jones ran^bnek, awifrly mounted the btuirs, and moved in the direction in which ho know the rooms wero situated. Tho sound of voices soon guided him, aud ho crashed through tho wardrobe at the moment that the cries from tho next room warned him that a Fcuflle was going on. Tho gipsy turned like n lioness at hay, while Sir Hugh fell back, dropping tho pen from his liai.d as ho gaspingly said : ?4Losfc ! lost ' All is lost f' Thoy were tho last articulate words ho over uttered, forthe shock had snapped tho silver cord,. and tho hard and sinful soul of the baronet was wrenched from liis body in that moment of supremo anguish. Jones strodo to the door, unlocked and threw it opon. Vernor was struggling 'lesperatoly with his assailant, who had eomo upon him without warning, while airs. Methurn and Ethel, paralysed by fright, looked on without even uttering a cry. i- The new-comer grasped tho hands of the young man from behind, and in a few moments ho was securely bound and (ifctcfd on a chair. 44 Who locked that door?' asked Vernor, savagely. ' But for that I might havo escaped you both. What havo you done withmv father?'1 44 1 beliove ho's fainted. Now we'vo got you Bafo, I'll look aftor tho old gentle man. Don't bo scared, ladies ; wo aint a ^oin' to hurt you, though you did try to hido this young chap amongst ye.' Mrs. Methurn rushed into the dressing* room, followed by Ethel, and tho young ?girl uttered a loud cry as she beheld Sir Hugh, with fallen jaw and gluzing eyes, sitting bolt upright, with hia hands still «tt etched out over tho littlo tablo. Tlio gipsy and tho deed had both dis appeared. 'TI»a Inaf 1— ? -1 a.. liiin,' said Mr*. Methurn, with emotion. God hns mercifully removod him from trouhlo to come. Go to your own loom, my child, for this sight is too painful for ono of your tender years. I will attend to what must be dove hero.' But Ethel would not consent to leave her ; hy this time tho two soldiers had entered the room, nnd in compliance with tho request of Mrs. Methurn, they lifted tho corpse and placed it un a coucli that stood in the room ; and straightened tho liinht, and Mrs, Methurn closnd tho mouth and pressed dtfwn tho eyelids over 3lio staring eycB from which all' expres- sion had lied. Vernor called out, impa tiently : ' What aro you all doing in there 7; Sir Hugh — fathor, come out; I wish to apeak with you. I supposo that privilogont least will not be denied me.' Ethel went to him, palo and trom Wiiiff. 44 Oh. Vernor — poor Vernor, this is a etui blow for you. He will never come to you again. Oh, ho ia dead 1' Vornor covered his f»co with his hands, and alio could seo that ho tromblcd iu every fibre of hia framo. Presently he looked up ami hoarsely said.: *? Then it's all up with mo. A prisoner to thoso who know no mercy, and my father gone, thoro is no ono to stand bo* tween mo and destruction. I havo ruined you too, Ethel ; tho remuant of property left to you will barely purchaso your own safety.' 41 Don't talk of that now, Vornor,' she gently roplisd ; 44 1 will stand by you to tho 1 :8fc, and if tho sacrifice of all 1 claim can savo you, Vornor, 1 will chocrfully mako it.' Mr.*. Methurn camo in silently weeping. She placed her hand on Vornor's head and revei ently said : 44 Tho Lord haB dealt with his creature. Sir Hugh has escaped the evils wo must rouse our courago to face.' 44 Oh, Aunt Agnes, if he could only havo lived a few weeks longer, he might have been ablo to avert utter ruin from us all ; but now, everything is lost. Mako up your minds to go with me to prison. -for ICirko will come back and take us all away with him.' 44 If it must bo so, I can go. I will write to Gerald of tho strait we aro in, and ho and Mr. Clyde may be able to help us.' 44 If justice roi«nod in the land, perhaps they might; but I havo nohnpo from that. Resign yourself to the worst, for ICirko arrests us, and Jeffreys will sit in judg ment upon us.' ^ Mrs. Methurn shuddered. The reputa tion of Jellroys was well known to her, and the thought of oven appearing before him filled her with horror. Tho troopera hero joined them, and, rou«h as thoy were, thgy refrained from saying anything to tho unhappy young man to ombitter his captivity. Even they had some respect for tho lifeless form of him who was so lately tho stay and protec tion of thoso before them. Vernor haughtily rogarded thorn, as he said : 44 1 may at least be permitted to go in and look upon my dead father for the last timo. Free my foet that I may walk.' 44 If you'll promise not to make a dash, young man, an' try to get off, I'll do you that service,' said Jones, as ho severed tho cord that bound his feet. Vernor Baid nothing in reply, but stood an instant balancing in his mind his chances of escape. While Ethel talked with him alone, sho had lightly loosened the handkerchief with which his arms were bound, for tho ten Bon appeared painful, and a few cautious movements had convinced Vernor that ho could release them without much effort. He said : 'Now I am read)*. Ono of you can keep guard at the door whilo tho other goes with me in the dressing-room. I shall not be long.' Tho troopers exchanged glances, and Simpson took » station close beside tho door. \ e.uor walked forward, followed by Jones, and his rapid glance took in the condition Df tho room. Ho asked : 44 Who guided you to yonder open ing?' 44 My own wit and tho carelessness of those that enmo before me. The woman that was in hero got away whilo I was Bccurin' you.' 41 What woman?' said Vornor, bo* wildered. 44 How should I know ? Ono of the servants, mayhap, who know the way up.' But the prisoner know hotter, and like a (lash tho remembranco of tho stranco gipsy woman camo to him. That she had Home mysterious connection with his father, that she knew all the secret plac a iu the hnuso, he was aware, ami his ln-art grow faint within him aa ho remembered how sho had kept upon his track foryoirs piat. Could she have followed him to England to mako his destruction suro ? Why she wUhod evil to him he did not know, but that sho was his deadly and uncompromising enemy ho felt assured. Ho approached tho couch and looked down on the inanimate form that lay upon it, thinking less of his bereavement than of tho means of escaping from tho toils that wero closing around him. j Jones peered through tho opening in tho wardrobe, and muttered comments on us ingenuity. He found the saw, and said, aloud : 44 The gal got this, but how she brought it up I don't know. She's a sharp un, an* noeds looking aftor a bit.' Vernor glanced furtively at him. The door communicating with the outer door had swung partly to. Jones was on his knees groping in the wardrobe, and seizing tho opportunity, ho slipped tho handker chief from his arms, and at a bound, closed tho door, turned tho key, and then sprang upon tho trooper. As Jones aroso ho struck him n heavy blow upon the head, dashed through tho opening, and was half way across the garrot before the man regained h's stunned sen=es suffi ciently to pursue him. But ICirko'slambs woro too hard-hoaded to bo long bewildered oven by such a blow as tlio ono just doalt on tho troopor's head, and as Vornor approached tho stair way he heard his advorsary in hot pur suit. Dashing wildly forward, ho cleared the steps at a bound, landed on the chapel floor; and closod tho panel. Ab he paused to talco jbreath a figuro emerged from bellied a pillar, which he instantly rocognised as that of the Gipsy Queen. * . 'What has brought you hero?' ho fiercely asked. 4i. What were yoii doing in my father's room to-dav ? You havo dogged my stops for years, and now yov have come to deliver me over to des truction.' 44 You speak tho truth,' she recklessly replied. 44 The ropo is mado that will soun hang you, arid I havo done my best to put it around your neck, though you have bravely helped me yourself. The sleuth-hound iB on your track, and you neod not hope to escapo him. You are rushing now upon your fate.' ' 44 who are you, and why have you pur sued mo thus for evil ?' ' 'The dead man that lies: above can no .longer stand between us, and since your .race is almost run, I 'will toll you what you wish to,ktiow. I am she who should havo been Lady Methurn to whom i :every sacred plodge was given, and ruth- 1 leBsly broken. My son is the son of your j fathor, and your .own elder, brother ; yet ! you havo dared to strike him. . Go on, | Vornor Mothurn, and moot tho retribution due to - that, cowardly blow. ? I do not attempt to stop you. Hasten before. the trooper breaks through the wall, for ho is striking at it at a fearful rate.' Jones, in truth, was hammering againDt tho panel with nil his forco, and as a crashing sound was heard, as if it was splintering benoa'h his blows, Vernor again bounded forward, aud disappeared through tho opening in tho floor. He had no thought at that moment for tho reve lation that had just been mado to him ; his only care was for his own safety. Tho gipsy again stopped behind tho sheltering pillar, leaving Jones to force his way into tho chapel. She knew that tho fugitive wan in her power, for by this time her son must bo at his station with tho party of which he had gone in quest, and since nothing else w 3uld bo gained by the day's work, Melchoir might at least gain tho reward offered for hia brother's aj. prehension. The troopor at length smashed the panel, and with tho impetus of tiio last blow, rolled out upon tho floor. As ho regained his feet, * confused sound of voices and cries camo up from tho vaults, aud before ho cotiidgain thestairslemding into them, a party of four men, lead by Melchoir, came up, bringing the fugitive with them as a prisoner. Vernor had gone but a few yard a below, whon they closed around him, and pinioned him iu such a manner as to render resistance in effectual. CHAPTER XIX. T1IE 11KOTIIEKS PACE TO FACE, A messenger was Bont to Kirke, inform ing him of the stato of affairs, and at the moment Vernor was brought in tho chapel ho dashed up to tho door, followed by tho remainder of the troop. Their loud and disorderly entrance' filled the wholo building with clamor, and their commander, with angry and inflaned visage, stalked through tho room of Sir Hugh and traversed tho corridor with furious hasto. He gained tho chapel, and a gleam of forocious joy lighted up his features as he saw the prisoner standing before him bound and help less. . ' Well, young cock o' tho walk, 3*our wings are clipped at last,' ho paid, with a hoarse laugh. 44 You've led me a pretty dance, you and that deceiving old fathor of yours. Where is he 1 I'll make him | feel that it is not Bafo to triflo with ono of ! his majesty's officers as ho has dono with j me to-day.' Vernor disdainfully regarded him. 14 My father, thank Heaven I is beyond tho reach of your malice. You nor anyone else will annoy him moro.' 44 Why, what does the galliard mean? Where is Sir Hugh, I say ? Bring him beforome, that I may signify my pleasure i to him in this conjuncture of affairs ? I'll J take tho old Binner whero ho 11 find cause to ropent of his evil deeds.' 41 You're spared that trouble, sir,' said J Jones. 44 The old genileman's gono a longer journey than you can take him. When 1 jumped in on tho hidin' place o' : the young 'un, ho jest fell back and gave up the ghost.' 44 Dead I' said Kirke. 44Do you mean that his tough old heart actually broko when ho learned that his young scape grace was in tho toils? Bless my soul ! I had no idea he had so mucli sensibility.' 4 'He's dead, sure, Bir. Mebbo you'll come up and see where tho youngster was stowed away,, an' you see for yourself that Sir Hugh *11 never breathe again iu this world.' Giving orders for the prisoner to bo re moved to tho hall and Becurely guarded, ICirko strodo after his satellito and mounted to thogariot. Ho carefully sur veyed his route, and said : ,401ovorly contrived, faith; and the panel is so well concealed-behind tho pillar that no one would have suspected its ex istence. I was certain that the young man had taken refuge here, and I intended to stay in tho neighborhood until ho was nabbed.' When they gained tho opening' 'into tho dressing-room, he forced his burl}' form through it, and stepping out, stood before tho two affrighted ladies, who woro kneel ing beforo tlio coucli on which tho body of Sir Hugh lay. Mrs. Mothurn extri cated herself from Ethel's clinging arms, and arose with dignity, while tho poor girl turned her pallid faco to ward him and painted appealingly to the lifeloss form of tho baronet. Mrs. Methurn said: 4'I trust that Colonel ICirko will treat theso romaius with the respect that is duo to them.' Tho rude soldier lifted his hat in tho presenco of death, and replied : ' tio a dono hiB last wrong ma aiu, ana gono whero Jeffreys can't reach him, which I can't say I'm sorry for. Sir Hugh wa? a liberal man, and I'll see him put decently in the family vault beforo wo go. But I am sorry to say that you and this young lady must go with mo to Taun ton as soon as tho job's completed.' 44 Can we not bo permitted to re main here till our prosenco is ncccssary thoro ?' 44 1 had agreed to that, but now it is impossible. You have liolped to conceal that young fellow, thus making matters worse for yourselves than they would have been. Luckily, wo caught him, and now ho's safe with my lambs.' 'How long may wo remain beneath thia roof, sir?' 44 Till my moil havo had a good dinner provided for them, ma'am, and we havo had timo to knock up a box to put the old gentleman in. lie was fond of his glass, and I hope thero will bo good wine to bo drunk at his funeral banquet. 1 roly on your respect for tho deceased to order a repast suited to his quality, for my lambs are used to the best the country affords.' 44 They Bhall havo tho best wo have,' replied tho lady; 44 but you must be aware of tho difficulty of obtaining .sufficient food for a whole troop of horsemen at bo short a notice. Our family is not largo, and it will take timo to send to tho vil lage.' 44 Zounds 1 madam kill tho fatted calf ; I kill his mother, if necessary; for I I shall not budge from the Priory till I have partakon ot its hospitality. The, Mothurns were not wont to bo niggards ; and if their fortunes have fallen, there is stilt enough left to feed his majeBty's soldiers.' Mrs, Methurn did not reply to this rude speech ; she merely bent her head and left tho room. Messengers were dispatched to the vil lage, and to farmer Conway's to requost that provisions might bo sent up to the Priory ; but tho day waa rapidly waning away boforo . the banquet was roady for tho impatient and ofton clamorous soldiers; for Kirke allowed his mon tho wildest liberty when not engaged in actual service. A rough coffin was procured for Sir Hugh, and with littlo ceremony he was placed in it and conveyed to tho family vault, which was; situated in tho roar of the chapol, Vernor and tho two Indies were permitted te bo present, and, with fear and trembling, tho curato of tlio parish camo to read tho burial sorvico over the body. When ho asked leave to do so, Kirko replied : 'It Isn't much good they'll do suoh an old reprobate now, Mr. Parson ; but as it is oustomary, I won't refuse. I'm called a brute, and sometimes I act liko ono, but tho devil, you know, i-n't so black as ho's painted. Tho women would feel horrified if tho old fellow was put away liko a dog, and somehow that littlo girl intoiests mo. Tho poor, thing has been mado a victim by Sir Hugh and that seamp of a son; thoy havo ruined her, I know, and this affair will swallow up the last fragment of her fortune. Somehow I pity her, though I don't often care for those tho fortuno of war throws in my hands.' ' Miss Ethel is a sweet young lady,' replied the curato. 4- I taught her Latin and the mysteries of caleulation, nnd sho was always a docile pupil. I do hope you will try and befriend her in tho evilstraits into whioh she has fallen.' 'As to that, my power over her fate ceases when I deliver her over to the authorities at Taunton. Jeffreys will then I be tho arbiter of her dcsiiny* ' ' The dominie shuddered. '4 Oh, sir, he is a merciless man, and i this is such a young giil ! 1 — I'm I told, sir, that thoso ho cannot hang ho will condemn to be sold as slaves in tho West Indies. Think of it, sirl such a ueuumu young may as cms to do soni away us a slave to that wild and unhealthy country.' ICirko laughed bitterly and said : 41 It's good enough for the most of thoso who will be sent there.' Tho poor dominie regarded hiin with silent horror. Tho family at the Priory had been his patrons, and from him tho young peoplo had received tho greater portion of their education. For Vernor he had loss affection than Gorald, but ho could not think of the fate that threatened him without tho bitterest re gret. Whilo performing the last services for tho deceased baronet, his voice faltered and his eyes filled with tears many times ; and in a parting interview with Mrs. Methurn ho promised to look in fre quently at tho Priory, and aoe how things went on during her enforced absence. She made an effort to look hopeful, as sho said : 44 1 trust that we shall be permitted to return boforo long. If wo do not, I hope, Mr. Panton, that you will remember the i poor peoplo I havo been in the habit of looking after.' He promised to do so, and asked : , 44 Will not Mr. Gerald come to your as- J sistance, ma'am ? Ho's a lawyer, and he will know tho rights of tho case. It seems hard that you and Miss Ethel Bhould bo i taken away from your home for such a trifle.' 44 1 have written to G' rald, and I shall send my letter from Taunton. '?Will they really put you in prison, ma'am ? It's a dreadful place, for I've b jen there to visit a friend. That waB several years ago ; butthe place is no bettor now — nay, it is worse, for a malignant fever is raging among the peoplo confined thero.' Mrs. Methurn shivered as she ex claimed - 'My poor Ethel ! it will be forriblo to take her into the midst of infection. I ; must make every effort to escapo that danger. Kirke is rough and brutal, but ho has tho reputation of being also v« ry | venal, I havo a hundred pounds by hip, 1 which I have saved since Gerald went into Mr. Clyde's oflicc. Perhaps that will j purchase permission for us to remain I under Mr. Dighy's roof. It' would bo too cruol to throw us in the midst of infec tion.' 'Kukri seems to feel for Miss Ethel, ma'am, and I think tho half of tho monoy will bribe liim to let you both remain with your friends. But no sum will keep. Mr, Vernor out of prison. They aro too much afraid that ho will escape. He had shown such spirit and determination that thoy will not consent to loso sight of him for an hour.' Mrs. Methurn sighed heavily. 'I am aware of thatj, and I havo no hope of keeping him with us. To save Ethel from contact with .such misery and degradation, is the utmost I expect to ac complish. Yon adviso me thou to mako the trial with Kirke ?' 44 1 think you may venture to do | so, ma'am. He can only refuse, and you will be no worse off than you aro I now.' | Thus counselled, Mrs. Methurn sought : an opportunity of speaking with Kirke, j who at first utterly refused to listen to j such a proposal. Ho declared that tho I two ladies must go to prison, as many others of as high station had dono beforo ; that ho had no power to change their des : tination, but when he found that the widow had money of her own with which to purchaso indemnity, ho softened his tone, and after many manoeuvres to find out how much she was able to give, he finally consented to accept sixty pounds, and allow Ethel and her protoctress to take refuge in the house of Mr. Digby till tho day of their trial arrived. When Mrs. Methurn ventured to men tion Vernor, hia faco darkened, and he abruptly said: 'You can do nothing for the young man, madam. My advico to you is, to lot him boar the burden of the calamity.he lias brought upon you all. ' Mrs. Mothurn turned away with-a sad. heart; sBho would have gladly averted from Vernor the penalty of- hia lato acts, had she possessed the power to do bo ; but she was helpless to aid him in any way. Vernor was strictly guarded in one of the lower rooms, and no opportunity of speaking with him had been allowed the two ladies, save when they stood be side tho bier when tho funeral services were being performed. He had then | briefly said: ' Take care of yourself and Ethel. Aunt Agnes. It's all up with me, and I .must boar my fate liko a man. I have brought evil enough upon you without hanging ns a mill stone upon you now. Leave mo to my own deBorts,' Tho -house for many hours after was a scene of riot and confusion, from which Mrs. Methurn was glad to take refugo in tho Booluaion of her own apartments. The late dinner was. served, for Conway Bent up a waggon load, of provisions, and the people of the village,' anxious to prove thoir royalty, furnished every thing they thought tho troopers would need. 'L'ho wino collar was searched, and a sufficient store of both wino and ale woro found to intoxicate tho wholo party. Fow would havo believed that tho shadow of death rested upon that houso, which rang with bacchanalian songs nnd royslor ing laughter. The foaat was turned into a wild revel, and it was late in tho night boforo tho troopers staggered from tho table. , Under there circumstances Kirke post poned their departure till the following morning, for among his troops but ono sober man was to bo found. This was Simpson, to whom tho custody of Vernor was delegated, with the assurance that if lio.pormitted him to escapo his own lifo should be tbe forfeit. Minohen and Lor son were still in the houso ; and Melchoir watched for an op portunity tocomo into tlio presenco of his brother, that ho might gratify his deep hatred by seoing him bound and helpless boforo him. The drunken troopers had sunk down upon the floor in a heavy sleop, and tho house was at last quiet, whon tho young gipsy camo stealthily toward tho door be side which Simpson held his watch. Ho offered tho trooper a tankard of alo and a piece of monoy, and whispered : 44 Lot mo pass ; lot me seo my foe in the toils, and I will bo your friend for lifo.' 44 Gad I you'ro the fellow that sot the men on the right scent ; yon helped to nab him, and I don't suppose you'd caro to help him off.' 44 I'd throttle him first,' was tho fierco response, 14 1 wish to witness his humili ation — to gloat on his sufferings. Ho degraded mo onco by cowardly blows, but now I think wo aro quifs. Lot me pass, good follow, and it shall not be tho worst for you. Whon I get my sharo of the reward for taking him, I'll remembor you.' 44 ThiB alo is good ; this monoy is genu ine, and I don't see any objection to grant in' what you ask. Go in and speak your mind to tho sullon youngster, who wouldn't answer a civil remark I mado to him a while ago.' To be Continued. 