Sporting Gossip. [By. THE VAGEANT.] . The last issue of this journal contained the programme for n day's facing at Denman on March 27th, with the additional information that the meeting was to be registered. "Well my Denman friends can take it from me that the A.J.C. will Di*v»r sanction the gathering whilst their bill of fare remaius in its present shape. In the first place only £31 is distri- buted among six races, and two of the events are stated io be " about half-a-tnile," and as races for horses over two years old are com- pelled to be not less than five furlongs by the A.J.O. Bules, it is not likely that body will stultify itself by permitting the Denman ex- periment. I would draw the attention of Mr. Doyle (the Hon. Secretary) to these facts before it is too late to make the alterations, and he can rest assured I do so simply to save vexing complications. Contrary to oil expectations and reports, it is now said that Sardonyx is not only very much alive, but that the gallant little son of Fireworks and Onyx h»B improved BO much within the past few days that Mr. Town has every hope of saving him for a life of nseful ness. Also, controry to all expectations and re fiorts, it would now appear-that is judging rom a letter wBich Searle received from O'Connor a few days ago-that there are very few hopes that the Canadian will visit the colony in the near future, if at all, to make an attempt to gain the aquatic championship. With a degree of front that distinguishes him moro for assurance than modesty, " Toronto Bill," as ho is called, cooly ignores Australia altogether, and makes enquiries whether Searle will row him in America or England, and asks that he be informed as to Searle's choice by cable, that articles of agreement be forwarded to' him, and that a deposit be put up in America or England. Talk about cool nesB ! Why " Greenland's icy mountains" are assuredly " India's coral strands" when com- pared with the gentle and retiring American youth. It is the general feeling among all supporters of aquatics in Australia that Searle should remain where he is yet awhile, and if strangers do not come along rusty for a beating then it will be time for bim to look for fresh foes to conquer. That is the ideal hope amongst Australian sportsmen, bat it is a shade of odds, I fancy, that if O'Connor, Teemer, or some other sculler, does not appear on the gay and festive scene soon with little brains and much money Searle will pack up his traps and look for them. By the way I don't think it wonld be a bad spec if the party behind Kemp and Jim Stansbury put the pair together, and when the question was settled to ship the victor off to 'Frisco and let him loose at the world beating Americans. A new racecourse will be opened at War- wick Farm, Sydney, to-day by a meeting which has attracted a considerable amount of attention for some weeks past, and the gather will be continued on Monday. Sport begins with the Hurdle Eace, which is likely to go to Yadbro or Parade. Big double books have been opened on the Opening Handicap and Warwick Farm Cap, and on the strength of hia forward running in the Newmarket, Paddy has been made a nominal favourite. It is true he will not have to meet any Carbine or Lochiel here, but there may be a Sedition, and I think the mare's name is spelt Consequence on this occasion, and Golden Crown may be very dangerous. I suppose it is a delusion and a snare trying to pick winners this far from the seat of war, but I may be pardoned for saying that old Willeroo and Amina have been left with a show in the George's River Handicap. Margot should cop the Cumber- land Stakes, whilst if Marlborough is well he should account for the Welter. The Cup is about the only rnce to which I need pav attention on the Monday. I take Keith, Marie, Maggie, Aberdeen, and New Guinea to be best in the big race, and I believe tbo last-named or Marie will get home in front. It is said, on what pretends to be from an authoritative source, that Lochiel has run his last race, having been purchased by a Dr. Plinz at the conclusion of the V.S.O. meeting for £1000, ostensibly for stud purposes, and propably for the Now Zealand Stud Oo. If the story be true-which I very much doubt-Loohiel's purchaser has got a nae bargain, for besides being the best horse in Australia at the present day at even weights at all distances, the son of Prince Charlie and Nelly Moore is a grandly-shaped and beautifully-bred animal. In addition to Lochiel the champion roarer and champion miler got only Silvio and Prestonpans as firet-claia horses, or at least stayers, but even that trio's performance are sufficient to show that it does not follow as a certainty that tho get of a roaring sire must of necessity be " trumpeters," too. Tbe climate has a lot to do with the complaint, and although we have many horses ia the colonies that make a noise when galloping, they very often spring from the soundest stock, and I have never known one of them to transmit their musical abilities to auy of their produce, although I am prejudiced euoughto say that I" would not choose one of them ns a stallion where I could get a horse nearly as good in other respects and better in the pipes. Do yon see it is not because they don't do it that they can't and won't do it, and it would be just my luck to get hold of the asthmatic»! colt. The lion. James "White's two colts, which are to be sent to Englmd todo duty in the i Derby for Australia, Imve been called Kirk- ham and Narfiilon, the Litter being the name of a small postal town near the famous breed- ing estate. Both are chestnuts, with while faces and with white hind feet. They are said to be well-grown, and to be furnishing into beautiful colts. The race meeting which takes place at the picturesquely situated little town of Paterson, on Monday, promises to be as successful as most reunions of the kind, for the fields are likely to be very fair, the course is a good one, and the stewards and officials know their duty. There are eight nominations for the Flying Handicap, which should go to Bezant, as 8 st. 13 lbs. is a big load on little Abergeldie. I don't know much about the Galloway Handicap, but I do know that The Nile can gallop a bit. If Bezant can stay Bhe moy annex the Paterson Handicap, but Aber- geldie will be very troublesome if dressed in his best. I have been asked to mention that Mr. Watson will run 'buses to the gathering, starting from the Mercury corner at nine o'clock.; " . (yoogli On the following day Cessnock raoes de- mand attention from sportsmen, and notwith- standing that the village is eighteen miles from Maitland there will probably be a good attendance. I like the chances of Noreen and The Prawn in the Opening Handicap, whilst tbe last named or Handover (if this suggestively named gentleman is the horse I take him for) should annex the Cessnock Handiaap.3aa£BB:gg31"" "25688 "H? It seem« from all accounts that Mr. \- - - - . . . ! 1 _ _ j.-L\\_ Eather's efforts to bring tae norses logeiner for the forthcoming Narrabri meeting on the 28th and 29th inBtant, have not eiveu general satisfaction, though I am not going to start a debate on the question. Among certain batches of the horses there ehuuld be good racing, but I can name several which have not got the ghost of a chance of winning. However, Messrs. Scarr and Barnard, even, make that mistake often enough, so it is hardly necessary for the whole Northern district to get up on its hind legs and fire mud, critical criticism, figures, and other things at Mr. Eather. There are many horses in the list that I only know by repute, but if they are no better than those I know well, old Odd Stockings, Priam, and Free Selector are the most likely to produce the winner of the two handicaps, but I will have a word or two to say before the eventful occasion. Fine fields promise to go to the post at Walcha on the 27th and 28th instant, but I 1 must postpone any anticipations of the results I of the racing to a future iiiue. I Joe Thompson, who left for a trip to Eng- land a few days since, has been empowered to make a match for Slavin to fight Jem Smith for £500 or £1000 a-side, and to give or take liberal expenses. What tremendous sensation a triangular match between Lochiel, Abercorn, and Carbine .would create, over Bay a mile and a half, but 'as the good old days of match making be- tween the toffs of the tnrf have departed, even if they ever existed ia Australia, we can only allow our greedy imagination to revel in the possibility of such a contest. Of course it is old news, and consequently no news, to write that Carbine has proved himself to be the best colt in Australia, indeed many admirerB claim that the son of Musket and Mersey is the best horse of any age and at even weights in the colonies. I cannot go the whole hog in that particular. He certainly won his races at the late V.R.O. meeting like a tradesman, but he was beaton easily and badly in the Newmarket, in which Lochiel gave him 61b. and a doing. The colt certainly put Abercorn out of the Champion Stakes with about a stone up his sleeve, but his gallant countryman met him in- the Cup, and giving him lib. beat him comfortably if not easily. Then Carbine had his revenge, for after Lochiel had tried to make all his own pace in the Loch Plate where he was giving away élb. the younger horse got np in the last stride and won by half a head. A horse making his own pace is equivalent-it is claimed by some authorities-to giving away 7lb., so that if they are right it will be seen Lochiel was under a considerable disadvantage. I cannot see how it can be proved that Lochiel is inferior to Carbine on even terms, although favoured by the weight for age scale the latter would win, I confess. By the way what a pity it is in the face of present circumstances that Ensign ended his career so speedily. I could never see that his victory over Carbine | was the fluke admirerB of the Maori claimed, for the Bon of Grandmaster was the possessor of great pace and bull dog courage, and would bave probably won or ran second in the Melbourne Cap if he had not broken down when closing on his horses in the self- same fashion that he smothered Carbine in the Derby. Owing to the difficulty in making out the handicaps for the "Wallsend meeting on Saturday and Monday, April 20 and 22, after Newcastle races on the preceding Thursday, the committee of the "Wall- send Jockey Club decided to abandon Saturday and to bold a one day's gathering on the Monday. Tbe programme is published in this isBUe, and from it will be gleaned that entries oloso on the 13th April, whilst weights will be published on the 20th. The Maitland Amateur Race Club intends holding another of its popular meetings at Rutherford on May 3. I understand that Mr. Moroney is making arrangements to have his next Newcastle Sheffield Handicap run off by the aid of the electric light, which would surely attract large crowds to witness the running for the senial M. J<'s 130 sovs., as manv neoDle who cannot spare time for amusement in the after- noons have their evenings free. By the way, I also learn that in order to meet the de- sire of the majority of the pedestrians who patronise his handicaps Mr. Moroney has de- termined to bave the starts compiled by a committee, including authorities from Mait- land, "Wallsend, and Newcastle. Every Sheffield issued by Sydney handicapped bears evidence that thess gentlemen know more about Greek mythology than they do about the form of provincial pedestrians, whilst country made handicaps just as plainly show that, provincial handicapped know just as much about Sydney runners and a lump more about their own than th°ir metropolitan brethren. The oriiicism of one Sydney writer, who raves Bellingsgate in reference to firing peds out of guns and other little swindles with which he appears to be au fait is a libel and deBervea to be treated as such. Sydney peds know this sweet flower and Mr. Moroney well enough not to need telling who they will do best out of. | I understand that Mr. H. C. White ha» purchased the Maryvale Batato, Branxton, from Mr. John Drimm, with the view of con- verting it into a Btud for thoroughbred stock. I am told that it is Mr. White's intention to go into the business with even greater energy than formerly; and with such an efficient manager aa Mr. M'Connell bas proved him- self to be, there is very little doubt but that the new stud farm will soon gain notoriety among sportsmen. During the week I have bean favoured with a letter from Sam " Fitzpatrick" who ia still a Bojourner at San Francisco,, giving me some interesting items concerning the boxers who are making the golden city their head- quarters at the present time. Sam continues to be in the same exuberant spirits of as yore, even a little more so, ns on a few nights after the dispatch of his ditty he had to meet an Oregon braiser named Ward, in a ten round co for a 'couple of hundred dois. He had bad lack in his engagement training Carroll to fight Blacklock, for a couple of days before the battle his man wrenched bia knee whilst kicking a football, and the affair had to be postponed. Tom Meadows has become a big favourite in Frisco, and on April 3 he is to meet a good man in Patsy Duffy, of Boston, for a purse of 1000 dols., but Tom's ambition is to have a cut at Young Mitchell. On April 26 the great contest with Jackson and Cardiff will eventuate for a 3000 dollar purse, and the go is looked forward to as likely to be one of the best ever seen on the Pacific Coast. Sam Fitzpatrick tells me that on all hands he hears that Cardiff is a very hard man to get rid of, for he is a big, quick hitter, with plenty of pluck, but he still thinks Jackson, whom he will train, is the best man in the world. It is not probable, he says, that Sul- livan and Kilrain will meet, for it is the general opinion that the former cannot be ready in six months, whilst Jake, who is reckoned champion of the world for fighting one battle with his fists and only making a draw of it, does not care for the job. Jack- son is prepared to meet either or both the rivals, or indeed any man in the world, for as much money as desired, and indeed the talent of 'Frisco simply look upon the Sullivan-Kilrain fizzle as only a plan to keep "Peter the Great" from having a chance of putting the pair to sleep. Anyhow if Kilrain or Sulli- van will not come to terms with him if he beats Cardiff, Jackson intends to pack up his traps and flit to England, where Jim Smith professes to be anxious to meet him. The majority of American authorities have ap- parently made up their minds that Jackson is the man to pit against the several claimants for the championship, and if they get colour blind and draw the line in that respect they are likely to be relegated to their proper place, that is as newspaper warriors. Sam con- cludes a chatty letter with his respects to all the boys of his acquaintance. 