Lady Gossip. A short time before her marriage to the Duke of j Newcastle, Miss Candy invited a few of her most in timate friends to an afternoon tea, when the very novel and elaborate trousseau of the vouthful hrirta was much admired. Miss Candy, now Her, Grace the Ducbess of New castle, is just sweet seventeen, and she has a lovely, slender figure,/which looks charming in the Empire costumes she usually elects to wear, and I am told that the reason that her assumption of the Direct oire style was so particularly effective was that the unusual cut and make of her under-wear was especi ally suitable for that style. Her gowns are all the Frenchiest of the French, but it is the fashion of her under-wear that is so uncommon. The materials are all of Eastern manufacture, and consist of the whitest and finest of Indian wool, crape and foulard of the most delicate Oriental colors, and soft enough to pass through a ring. The linen is fine as " woven wind/' These dainty stuffs are made up into garments such as the Zenana women have worn for centuries. It is drawn over the upper part of the body and fastened on the shoulders with antique clasps of ivory andV gold, also at the waist. Below the waist the fashion#is that of the Turkish trousers again clasped at the knee, which also serves to hold the silk stockings. The cor?ets are merely waists made of the skin of an Indian goat, which gives just the necessary support, with that absolute freedom of movement so essential to a graceful carriage. Over this is worn the much-needed divided skirt m silk of various delicate shades. This very unique arrange ment of indispensable clothing certainly seems to combine hygienic requirements with that dainty prettiness, which is a sine qua non to all women of refined and cultured tastes. On Thursday evening last, His Lordship Dr. Webber administered the rite of confirmation to 56 candidates—38 females, including 3 from Sandgate, and 18 males—at All Saints' Chureb. There was a very large and devout congregation. During a very earnest address to the candidates bis Lordship said: " You are here to ratify the vows and promises given for you by your godfathers and godmothers at your baptism. God stands at the door for those who knock. But God keeps the door and only opens to those who knock truly. The true faith was one which would lead on to a life ever'asting. This week they were standing beneath the shadow of the Cross, and it behoved all to try and carry out the lesson taught in these words which you will be asked to say, namely, " I do." The meaning of these words was simply a determination to do what you believe to be true. However long the journey, however strong the conflict, you are only following in the footsteps Of one who bad made the journey as smooth as possi ble. No matter how steep the hill or hard the road, you should still keep on and look to Him who alone can help you in your journey." His Lordship then asked all present to pray for the candidates, so that they might be enabled to have staying-power over life's long course, and eventually gain a prize of heavenly blessing, and never forget to tbink of him who died upon the cross to redeem them from their sins. The following hymns were sung during the ser vice:—" Come, Holy Spirit." "Jesus I have prom ised." "Through the Night of Doubt and Sor row." The service concluded at about 9.30, His Lordship pronouncing the benediction. A friendly game of cricket was played at Tano rookim (near Beaudesert) on Saturday, April 12tb, tetween the Christmas Creek and Knapps Creek clubs which resulted in a victory for the former by eight wickets. In the eveniog a dance was held in the school house, which passed off very well, almost all the cricketers and a number of their friends being present. A gentleman from down Beenleigh way took the hearts of the ladies by storin with his waltzing, which was (is I heard one fair damsel remark) " really lovely." The following are some of the most noticeable costumes worn. . Miss Kaveney looked remarkably well in black Velvet and broad pink sash. Miss Drynan wore a white embroidered costume, and was as usual, very much admiied. A graceful little dancer, Miss M. Massie, wore a striped muslin. Miss Yore in blue and red striped zephyr looked very nice, as did also her sister in white and cardinal. Miss Crocker wore pink muslin, wliioh suited her admirably. Miss Pinwell looked really pretty in white muslin, and blue ribbon bows on skirt. Mies Massie looked well in black lace skirt and black silk bodice, and danced so nicely that we vrould like to "see more" of it. Miss Lilley looked pretty in white lace skirt and pink satin bodice, as did also Miss Byrne in black. Miss Burns was attractive in white bodice and pink skirt. The music was supplied by Mr, J. Watson (violin), and Mr. W. Cleeve (accordion) and dancing was kept up till daylighfe Altogether a most enjoyable evening was spent. '1 The only thing worth mentioning " writes my Duaringa correspondent "is the departure of our ' belle' who is leaving us fur ' pastures new' to become teacher at a school in Capella. We shall miss her smiling face from o^r social gathering--, though they will soon be a thing of the past as our famous dance room has been removed lately, anc. we have nowhere to trip the light fantistic." Another grand party was given in the School of Arts,Cunnamulla, on Monday the 8th inst., to bid fare well to Joe and Greorg£"Morrison. Messrs. Birdsall and Hefferan acted as M.Cs. The hall, which was crowded to excess, was beautifully decorated with evergreens, flowers, and Chinese lanterns, etc., etc. Dancing commenced at 9 o'clock and was kept up till 12, •when all retired to an excellent supper superintended by Mrs. M'Gillicuddy,^ of the Club Hotel, and too much praise cannot be given her. No speeches were made on this occasion j,dancing was again resumed after supper. The formal oppning of the Columbia Skating Rink, Rockhampton, took place successfully on the 10th inst., in the presence. of the Mayor and other in fluential citize 'p. Several Brisbane faces were among the skaters. Light cool costumes prevailed. Among others, were noticed—Mrs. and Miss. Rankin, Miss. Shaw, Miss. Boldeman and Mrs. T. B. Stanners, the latter being a newly arrived bride fiom Brisbane (lately Miss. Warden). Mr. B. Ritchie, well known in Brisbane, Toowoomba and Sydney, has been appointed Manager of the Rink, which is furnished with special rooms for ladies and gentlemen, and is well supplied with decorations and conveniences. Tuesdays and Fridays are set apart as special "Ladies' Nights Tuesday being the fashionable night. The monthly Ken more Silver Readings, held in the Protestant Hall, Brookfield, are becoming more popular than ever. At the last entertainment of this kind an excellent programme was gone through, those principally distinguishing themselves being Misses Pepperill (song), and McGaskill (recitation)j Messrs Dalton, Russell and Penhaligon (vocalists), Woolcock, Dennis and Russell (readings). The Kenmore Minstrels delivered some very laughable Bpeeche?, songs and jokes, and played the farce, " The strength of the Army." It being quarterly extension night, a ball followed. Some costumes worn were:—Mrs. Pacey, white muslin and lace. Miss. White, pretty lawn costume with pearls and white blush roses. Miss. Janet McGaskill, black cashmere. Misses. Breddin and McGaskill, white. A facetious young Tambo Hebe selected the last 1st. April as the date on which to " make an April fool" of an aboriginal named Billy Goffage. She succeeded quite up to her expectations. Next day, the dusky William approached the maiden, and gently informed her—" my wud! Big feller fight longa Lynch's" (the next hotel). The maid's curiosity was too powerful to be resisted and she sallied forth, though her name was not Sally Forth. When she arrived at her proposed view-point, Billy sang out -gleefully—"Oh, you April fool! You altogether cobbone April fool! You makem me fool yesterday, me makem you fool to-day. Second day April fool twice as big feller fool as first day April fool. Baal gammon!" The nigger reckons he scored one, but ask Bessie. Anyway, this aboriginal reasoning about a foolish April custpm isn't al- together devoid of a moral. The St. George amateurs gave their third " Silver Readings" on the 10th. inst. and scored a brilliant success.; Misses B. A. Douglas and E. Roberte and Messrs. Roche, Kost and P. O'Sullivan carried off histrionic laurels in the representation of the farce, " The Jealous Wife,; " the, occasion being the first in St. George of the appearance of lady amateurs on the stage. Mrs. Cockrell made a brilliant debut as a vocalist, and other cantatrices were Misses. M'Auley and M'Alister. Mr. Portus was successful as a eomic singer of Irish characteristics. The success of the gathering should be chiefly credited to Mr. A. Kost who energetically worked it up. The local P.M., Mr J. H. Scott, is proving himself a redoubtable whipper in of musical talent. The St. George amateurs intend shortly astonishing the residents with a " nigger " entertainment, flanked by a light drama. Count Herbert Bismarck, the roue, son of the great German Chancellor, says:—"The only ad vantage of better .society is that its morality is worse." A brisbane paper spoke the other day of a well known rock-hewn seat in the Sydney domain, as "Mrs Macquarie's chair." Shade of Lady Mac quarie ! It seems ungallant not to give a female ghost her earth-title. At the annual meeting of the United Methodist Free Church, Ann street, Brisbane, held on Good Friday evening, the Rev. Henry Youngman said :— "There should be a United Methodist Church." Well, isn't there? What's in the name of the very church then in meeting ? Or, does Youngman think that the United Methodist Free Church is like the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland '*— more untied than united ? Youngman, old man, don't be sarcastic. The many friends of the Rev. C. and Mrs Wesley will be glad to hear of their safe arrival at Herberton. They broke their j mrney at Rockhampton, where they spent a week at the residence of R. Hartley, Esq., thence they proceeded to their new home. They both enjoyed the trip, and suffered very little from sea-sickness. Sir Henry Wylie Norman, the new Governor of Queensland, accompanied by Lady and Miss Norman, Captain Owens (private secretary), and Captain Baden Powell (aide-de-camp), arrived at Thursday -IslaSi!:^y ffie ^amer^u^^<5n Saturday last. His Excellency was welcomed in Thursday Island style by the hon. John Douglas, and the most of the residents. The Chairman of the Divisional Board, Mr. V. P. Bowden, read an addrets of welcome, and the local school children chirped " God Save the Queen." Mr. F. G. Symes, as delegate from Nor manton, fired another address off at His Excellency, who took it pleasantly. John Douglas introduced the leading residents and all the ladies* and after wards entertained the Governor and party at dinner. Sir Henry Norman carried away from Thursday Island, two copies of the Torres Straits Pilot printed on satin. The vice-regal party arrived at Cooktown on Tuesday, when His Excellency was plied with the usual addresses from the Municipal Council, the Divisional Board, the Chamber of Commerce, and lastly, the Chinese residents. The town was en fete. Sir Henry was afterwards banqueted, there being present among others, MessrB. Philp, Lissner, Stevens, Hyne and Paul, Ms L.A. Similar festivities awaited His Excellency at Townsville on Thursday. The Governor and suite nny be expected to arrive in Brisbane on Tuesday next, when there will be a colossal demonstration of welcome, under the auspices of the Government, the local bodies and the Friendly Societies. Easter Day services at St. Patrick's (E.C.) Church, Fortitude Valley, were unusually bright and attrac tive, though the Easter decoration of the sacred edifice had been omitted. First mass was celebrated by the Rev. Father Morris. - Second mass at 11 o'clock was missa cantata, celebrated by the Rev. Father Dunhan, assisted by Father Morris. The music commenced by the choir singing Lambelotte's " Regina Cceli," Mesdames Dunn and O'Neill taking the duetto. The mass selected was Mozart's No. 12, with the exception of the Credo, which was from Weber's mass in Q-. The oifertory was Hninmel's " Alma Virgo/' beautifully sung by Miss Kelly, who sustained many of the solos throughout the mass. Mrs. O'Neil (late Miss Keating) led the altos; she possesses a pure contralto with which few Indies are favored. Mr. B. Bulcock, who was in capital voice, led the tenors; his enunciation might be improved vastly. Mr. J: Kelly did full justice to the basso solos. Miss Jane Bulcock's sweet voice was pleasuvably heard in the trio, " Qui Tollis." Mrs. Maginnis discharged the duties of organist in a style that deserves to be complimented. The services in the evening were " Vespers " and " Benediction/' the music being quite up to the morning's standard. {For Late Gossip, Orange Blossoms, Sfc , seepage 650). The Lady. {Continued from page 647), Lost Monday evening Cunnamulla came forth in all Jta. glc ry in the sh^pe of a ball given in honor of our fiiends from the bore. The Divisional Board Hall was brilliantly lighted, and the floor was simply perftetii n. According to the fair f-ex the honor lay Vetween Migs Nellie Carir.ody and Miss Stewart, a late arrival fr< in St. George. The town will of course have a long shep after so much gaiety. Mr. and Mrs. Bernard Sinauer and family leave for England by the Quetta on her return trip. Mr. Sinauer has been connected with the firm of S. Hoff nimg and Co.. for some years, and he takes this holiday for a well-de=erved rest. Mrs. and Miss Johstone, of Kingsholtne, Ipswich, after a lengthy holiday in the Southern Colonies, have returned to Ipswich, and again thrown open the hospitable doors of Kingsholn»e. Notwithstanding the rain,-a large number of coun try visitors journeyed to Brisbane for the Easter Holidays, but most of them have now returned, ut terly disgusted with our dirty ci'y, preferring to walk the green fields in the rain, than our muddy streets. Mr. Justice Miller has returned to Brisbane, after spending a Bbort tim ■ in Southport, accompanied by Mrs. Melbourne Dr. and Mrs. Cuppaidge,of Roma, who were in Bris bane for the Eatter Hdidays, returned home en Tuesday last. Mr. and Mrs. Leo Benjamin, of the firm of Benja min Bros., also leave for England shortly on a holi day trip. Mr. and Mrs. F. C. Marsh, of Sydney, are at pre sent on a. visit to some friends in Brisbane. Mr. and Mrs. Fletcher, after sperding the Easter in Brisbane, left for Tenterfield on Sunday evening last. Mr. Penhallwick and Miss Dunstan, both of Eoma, were married on Tuesday last, and return to Eoma in a few days. Staying at " Lennon'p." Mr Lulpe, of the firm of McMaster and Co., linen manufacturers, of Belfast, is on a visit to Brisbane, and is staying at " Lennons." He returns to Eng land in a few days Mr. Shaw, Mayor of Adelaide, is staying for a few days at " Lennons." He was entertained by our City Council. Mr. Mosley {Mosley and Sons, cutlers, Sheffield), is on a visit to Australia, and is now staying at Lennons." He returns'via New Zealand. •J. C. K^iW, M.P., New South Wales, is staying at Lennons. "Major " Ricardo! It sounds well, doesn't it, and the gallant Captain Percy R. Ricardo deserves the promotion he has got, dear old Mounted Infant that he are! - • . Glen Cameron, Under-Secretary for Mines,,ias been obliged to spell from work. His eyesight has almost gone, and his case is considered v°ry serious. George Scott, B.A., Associate to His Honor Mr. Justice Harding, fcas passed his examination as a barrister, and will be called to the bar at the next Full Court. It is highly appropriate that a " full " Court should call a man to the "bar." Scott will retain h's Associatiship for some time longer. Queensland Parliament will probably meet for the despatch of business on 21st May, next. The first extended night of the Australian Native Quadrille Assembly took place on Friday, April 26th, and was largely attended. Mr/and Mrs. Fen.wick contemplate a visit to the old country shortly. Mrs. Pottinger, of Toowooinba, who sustained a sprained ankle while out driving, is recovering. The Toowoomba skat ng rink o^ ens on or about 6th May. Mr and Mrs Warwick Taylor, who have been spending their honeymoon ia tne fouthern colonies, returned to their home on Friday las», the 26th inst., after seeing Mr and Mrs Eveljn Metcalfe off lor England. > Mr and Mrs Con. Taylor, Mr ai.d Miss Yaldwj u. Miss Griffith and Miss Louie Griffith, and Bishop Webber havii been the guests of the Hon. Jus Taylor, Clifford House, Ti owoomba, waitii g the marriage of Miss Isabel Taylor. Mr Wisley Hall, of Mouut Morgan fame, was in Brisbane last w eek, and paid a flying visit of in spection to the mines. He left for Melbi urne on Monday last, to prepare firhis wedding with Miss Dempt-ej, of Melbourne (sitter of Miss Hun.e Black, of Brisbane), which takes place the first week in May. I Our cricketers were entertained at a grand ban" quet at. McGoldrick's Club Hotel, Toowoomba Messrs. W. II. Groom, Ned Boland, and Dr. Owens made excellent speeches, and tendered some sound advice. After the banquet a smoke concert. It is my painful duty to record the death of Mips Ellen Helmood, daughter of the highly respected landlady ^cf the Royal Exchange Hotel, Elizabeth street, who breathed her last at 2.30 a.m. oil Sunday, the 2l8t inet. The deceased, who was only 25.years of age at the time of her death, was a native of Victoria (Oven's district), and by her kiodly disposition and affable manner endeared her self to a large circle of friends and acquaintances, who, one and all, feel the deepest sympathy for the family in their sad bereavement. Her remains were conveyed to their last resting place on Monday afternoon last; and the numbers present proved how greatly she was esteemed and respected by all classes of the community. E Ellen beloved by both young and old, L Leaving this world of everlasting strife; L Leaving this world to wear a crown of E Ever to enj y everlasting life. N Noble in naiad, free from every guile, .H Hard, inrleert, 'twill l»e to bear our heavy cross j E Early, indeed, in life bas that"pure spirt fled, L Leaving behind thos« who'll ne'er forget their Ipse; M Mother, sisU rs, brothers and fond friends mourn the dead. O Our cloud of sorrow is illumined by one bright ray, O Our loved Nelly will, in glorious array, D Dwell evermore with us after .the Judgment Day. The Eaister holidays were a most uncomfoi table time for pleasure seekers, and as we had many country visitors to the town it was a pity we did not have hi ore seasonable weather. The cricket match was but fairly attended, very few of the cricketing fratorr nity turning up, and these of the fair sex, who did travel, despite the rain and mud, were content with remaining under cover of the grand-stand all the day. It is next to impossible to particularise the dreFses—the cloaks and jackets were in much more demand than the fairy-looking stylish costumes of these days. But on Monday, as the weather promised something better, and as the clouds held up bravely, a large number of spectators donned their light costumes and journeyed out, some to the races, others to the cricket match, while others to view the sham fight. Of all three, the races were the best patronised by the ladies, notwithstanding their lov^ for t'io red-coated soldiers. On the grand-stand and on the lawn at the races, I saw some beautiful costumes Among the ladies present were Mrs W. Patterson and daughter* (2), Mrs Hume Black, Mrs Donaldeon, Mrs Gannon, Mrs J. A. Phillips, Mrs Goodwin, Mrs and Mies Blakeney, MrsF. W. Curnow (Warrick), Mrs «T. E. Harris and her sister Miss levien, Mrs Hip wood, and Mrs Dr Tilston. The wish expressed by Lady Blake to be called Her Excellency while with her husband in the Bahamas, and whi^h gave occasion for a number of skirmishes -there, lias been declared the correct form by those whoought to know, and it is a fact that Lady Brassay always addressed Lady Loch as "Her Excellency." We.are sadly in want of something in the way of change alid novelty, so we must in future address the Governor's wife in a form rtcognised as correct by the leaders of society in the - country. We may commence the new departure right away on the landing of " Her Excellency " Lady Norman in the colony.. Mrs G. R. Roberts, of Kenilworth, is at present staying in Brisbane on a visit to some friends. Mrs Marchant, who has been on a long visit to the southern colonies, returned to Brisbane last week, looking much better for htr holiday. Mrs Dr. Phillips, after spending theEaster holidays in Brisbare, returned to Warwick on Tuesday last. Mr? Alex. Jardine has been speeding some time with friends in Soutbport. She will return home shortly. M rs Thorn and Miss Blanchard are at present on a tieit to Brisbane. They are staying at the Bellevue hotel, as is also Mr and Mis Con. Allfort. Professor tnd Mrs Pepper leave Prislane by the ''Quetta" on 14th May next, oo hn extended tour. Mr and Mis Jones, of T«.owoomta, l.ave dtcided to visu " Old E gland " once again. They will leave Brisbane by the " Taroba " in the latter end of May, and will make a lengthened stay. Mr James Mills, of the Union Steam Shipping Co., and Mr F. W. Jackson, of the P. and O., have been visiting Brisbane the past week. They were stay- ing at the Bellevue hotel. Mrs and Miss Learmouth, of Mitchell, are at present visiting Mrs Henry Box, "Baroona," Too- wong. Mr and Mrs Brodie, of Stanthorpe, are also in town, on a visit to some friends. Mrs Marley, of "Warwick, who has been visiting friends in this city during Easter week, has returned home. Mr and Mrs Pontifix, Stanthorpe, arrived in Bris- bane on Tuesday last. They intend making a short stay in our city. Mrs Culmore, who has been spending some time in Brisbane, returned overland to Sydney on Wed- nesday last, accompanied by Mrs Erskine. Miss McKernan, after spending a long holiday in Brisbane, returned to Glen Innes on Tuesday last. 