: Presbyterian General Assembly. At the opening sederunt of the Presbyterian General Assembly,' on Tuesday, the Moderator, the Rev; A. O. Smith, delivered tho following address :— . i.- ' Oub Posraos 'and. Duti as a Cntxaca of Christ id tub Colony.' I. As to :our,' position,' it is a somewhat peculiar one. This oniony,; at its last oonnUB, contained 380,001) inhabitants, und of these it is crenerallv reckoned tvg have at luaflt one in ciirht belonging to us— namely, between 10,000 and 60,000 of tho entire population. Ouradhorouts may not nbow this proportion in tho larger townB, but in the country districts they show far more than this proportion. Presbyterians occupied a very prominent plaoe amongst the squatters, fanners, aud settlers generally of the back country. . Now surely for these wo are bound to care. No doubt it may bo said ' people may get to heaven through connecting themselves with other ohurohes as well as the Presbyterian one.' We do not dispute this; but this IB not the question. Wo aro bound, as a church, to make provision in church ordin unces for our eons and daughters scattered throughout the land. Nothing can froe us from that obligation resting on us as a church — and, if wo do not steadfastly look at it in the fa:e and seek to fulfil it, our right^o tho position as a Christian Church is largely gone. Yet when wo strive to realise our responsibility ' iu this matter, wo find some very peculiar difficulties lying in our way, and ?which wo ought, as far as possible, to mako provision against; Wbut aro those? Two only. I shall alluco to. which aro very apparent. First, thero ia tho geographical difficulty. Tho groat distances at whioh our congregations in tho smaller towns aud in tho bush aro from each other very seriously operato ogainst our progress. No doubt it will bo said that this difllonlty presses equally on all the Protestant church en, but it presses more on us than on moat others. ' Partly beoause thore is such a largo proportion of our adherents in the country distiicts. Partly because it prevents that united Presbyterian action which is bo essential to tho dovolopment and successful efforts of our church. Partly beoauso wo have no ministers like the bishops of tfco Churoh of England, who, freo from tho special oharge of nny ono congregation, can make ' regular journeys over tho land for, rallying, ? organising, and. tnoouraging our people, or can go t frdquuntly to tho' homo connhy, nnd by their 'ihfiuenoe and efforts rnifo large sums of money, and get men out to ? rill'vncanoieH. . And 'once inoroy partly becauso we have no S)slcm of looal preachers or lay dg(nts, an some other churohffl have, who, without going through the training or u uni vereily career, can start, organise, und carry on churches. This is (ne of our peculiar dif ficulties, and if wo are wise we Bhall look at it in tho1 face and Bee how far it can possibly be overcome! Secondly, thore is tho difficulty conneoted with tho want of a much greater genoral 'spiritual baptism of the Holy Spirit. All the Christian churchos in tho colony apeak of tho felt hook of this, but the diffloulty.it in volves in the way of progress presses peculiarly on our church. Tho worship and polity of the Presbyterian Cburolr is, in irsolf, a very simple ' ono, and has little in it to attract tho world apart from her, own inward spiritual life. When a great wave of Divine spiritual influence flows over a land, the simpler the transmitting medium for the proclamation of the Gospel is the better— but, when ' thin is wanting, the Presbyterian Church peculiarly' sufffirs. ? ? In ' fact, no church, in this view of it, needs' the presence and power of the Holy Ghost in order ' to discharge her duty amongst her own ad herents and irreligious outsiders moro than our own. Fathers and brethren, it would bo well for ub to lay this to heart, and do our utmost tojOhtairiagreatPentoooBtal ehower of Divine blessing Boas to be ablo to meet in some moa Burd the responsibilities of our position as a Church of Christ. II. As to our 'duty as a chnroh, I shall only refer briefly to the more important matters that oall for cur' consider ation, and that will, more or less, come before your vencrablo house. .1. First, in import ance is our home mission work. This ia the ' real backbone of pur strength and progress as a church. Many of our adherents, as I have already said, live in tho smaller towns and in the bush, and wo have neither the money nor the men to supply their wants. Our home mission finances aro, I regret to say, in a very backward state, and how they aro to be put on a better footing demands our most serious consideration, if we are not to have whole districts and many of our adherents in tho colony wholly lost to ;us. I am not prepared to Buggost a remedy — your united wisdom must do that— bnt allow mo to say that I have often thought, since.my return to Queens land, that if it were poftiblo an. effort should be made- to get a homo mission agent, such as the; havo in tire homo churchos and in the Presbyterian Churches of Victoria and New Sonth Wales, one who, being free _from any particular pastorate, could travel over the colony to foster new charges. The difficulty, of course, is to get the suitable man, and especially the money. But, if some of-the wealthier adherents of our church would only boldly face the matter, and out of the large- hearted Christian charity I know they possess, generously guarantee his salary for a few years, as was done in New South Wales, the man would no doubt bo found, and tho effort ere long far more than repay itself over tho ohurch as a whole. 2. Next in importance is rearing a native ministry and pushing on onr theological htill. Little ha? been done in this direction, but a more vigorous attempt, I think, should be made. We aro largely dependent on min isters floating to us from other lands, who oomo for their health, and thisiB not in our favour. Native ministers, reared in the colony, rank, as we see in Victoria, amongst the most useful and successful workors for Christ ; and on these a church must, in tho long run, chiefly depend, if fho is not only to grow bnt even to hold her own. 3. Another important matter is cultivat ing more of a missionary spirit in respect to the dark-skinned heathen amongst us, the kanakas and aborigines, not to speak of the adjoining islanders in the South Seas. I do not speak thus as the convenor of tho mission to the heathen, but as a Christian minister. A Church, in proportion to the degree in which uho becomes a missionary Church, prospers in all her activities within herself. In proof of this I need only point to the Victorian Church, which is this year sending five or six mis sionaries to the New Hebrides in, addition to hor flourishing Chinese and aborigines' missions, and whioh is prospering in a remarkable degree in all her other schemes, having raised nearly £00,000 an a jubilee fund. I am sorry to say wo are, aB yot, far behind the other Australian Presbytery Churches in this matter. The Tasmaman and Sonth Australian Churches, numbering each only twelve or thirteen charges, each support a missionary to the Now Hebrides. We, in Queensland, have at last made a start in this direction, and havo had a missionary to tho kanakas in the Mackay district settled for upwards of eight months, his salary being raised through the subscriptions of the plantoru and the sums collected by the ohildren Jn our Sabbath schools through collecting cards. ' Tho report of that committee will be laid before you ; but it will be seen from it that £100 more per annum must be ruisud over the church if the mission is to be carried on for another year. Lot us only realise, an a Churoh, our duty in this matter, and a now era of prosperity, I feel convinced, will dawn upon ub. 4. And once moro, what we require as a Churoh is a greater cxprit de corps amongst us as a Church. Thoro is far too lnunh independency amongst us, and a very patent lack of each congrega tion regarding the welfare of. the whole Ohurch aB a matter of vital concern to itself. What we require is that each congregation should bo in touch, so to speak, with all the other oon gregations of the Cburoh, cherish a closer in tercourse with them, oxtend active help in pro portion to their wealth and their numbers, and not expend moot if not all of its efforts on itself. If any Churoh on earth should, the Presbyterian Chutch ought, from her own moaning ? and constitution, to feel that the well being of each particular ohuroh ia closely bound up with tho well being of the ohurch as one organio whole. . Fathers and brethron, in closing, let me say I have spoken almost entirely of our Presby terian Church, and htr duty and work ; but let ub never forget we form only ono branoh of the great Church of Christ., Lotus look on all other Christian ohurches with brotherly sympathy, and warmly second them in all their efforts. I have always oonsidored, certainly, that the prosperity and glory of tho entire Church of Christ as a whole; lies, not in visible incorporation, but in ouch church doing its own duty carefully in its own sphere, even as the glistening smlit glory of a dow bespangltd field lies, not in all the dew dropB becoming one vast dowdrop, but in each reflecting, as it does, in its own way, a complete imago of the Bun overhead. Still, never let us forget that wsare all brethren, profeu-inp to work for tha same Master, and to exuiV.it Him to tho world around as the common Saviour of us all. When we thus rca liso ourselves as ono grand united phalanx of workers for Christ, and against darkness and Bin in a God-forgotting world, what a glorious future is before us ! ' Why sleeps the future, as a snake enrolled coil within coil at noon tide ? For tie world yields, if with unpre sumptuous faith explored, power, at whose touch the sluggard shall unfold bia drowsy rings. Look forth ! That stream, behold that stream, upon whose bosom we have passed, floating at case, whilo nations have effaced nations, and death has gathered to his fold long linen of mighty kings — look forth, my Boul! Nor in this vision be thou Blow to trust the living waters, loss and less by guilt stained and polluted, brighten as they roll, till they have reached the eternal city,' built for tl'O perfected spirits of the just !' — (Ap- plause.) The sitting? of tho general] assembly wore returned yesterday afternoon, the chair boiug occupied by the moderator, the Rev. !A. C. Smith, Thero was a good attendance of clorioal and lay representatives. PnnsiiYTuitY RiironTS. . Reports of tho Brisbane, Toowoomba, Rook bampton, Maryborough, and Townsvillej Pntbyteries wero reoeivedand adopted. ' Com mittees were then appointed to examine tho prosbytory records. ' ;?' ? ?'? ' The clerk of the genoral assembly said he had received a petition from tho Bov.'Hugh Cairns, M.A., praying for admission to' the ministry of ' the PreBbyterian Chnroh, ' and a second potition from his congregation in refer,' enoe to that petition. ?:*;:; ,.'.';! Caienb Contbovbrsy' ?????' Rev. G. D. Buchanan said, uu a - new-comer, he had hoped ho would not bars to say any thing, but ho found ho waa very olosoly con nected with this matter. The Her H. .Cairns had seen him about it, and be held a letter from that gentleman oxprossiufj his deBire to withdraw his petition, but thero was another ? potition which ho was anxi ous the general assembly would tako notice of. Before going into the matter tho assembly should appoint a committee 'beforo ?which all the paptrB in connection with tho petition should bo laid. Ho would tnorofore' move, ' Thnt a committco bo appointed to' ex - nmine nil the papers presented to the Assembly by the Rev. Huph dump, und to inquire into nil other matters that may in any way affcot hisadrniceibn into tbp church. (2) Tbfttthiucom initieo le dirccttd to meet to-morrow (Thurs day), morning, at 9 o'clook, and report at a fnturb'sederunf. (3) That the committee con sist of the Revs. J. F. M'Swane, J. B. Morrow, J. F. Knipe, P. Eobortson, D. F. MltohsU, and tho mover, ministers, with Messrs. J. S. Kcrr, 3. M. Brydon and A. Smith, elders. De.' A. Hay said ' nothing - wonld give him greater pleasure than to have this matter taken out of the hands of tho assembly. He would point out however thero were Bovoral distinot subjects that-had oomo up which should not bo mixed. When the second congregation was admitted to the Rockhatnpton Presbytery, it w«s oh tho understanding that the Roy. H. Cairns should not bo their minister. That completed matters as regards Mr. Cairns, and left them only the question of his admission to tho Presbyterian Ohurch. '? Then the petition of certain ex-inemhors of the committee of management,' complained of the aotion of tho' presbytery in ordering the 'session to cany' certain minutes. . Then the potition from ' tho second congregation at ?Rockhampton, ? complained that the prosbyteiy had acted in a dilatory manner, and staved off (the expression was his own) their admission to the church. Then there was a printed document of the pro ceedings at the meeting oh September 6, hild at Rockhampton endorsed 'oi-oommittoo's statement,' which contained grave ohargos and various insinuations against himself. He hud u complaint against the persons who 'were retronsiblo for the printed report they tabled at the last meeting of the' presbytery. Thore wero thus four distinct issues oonnected with this matter, and the question whether the Rev. H. Cairns was to be admitted or nut was a ques tion totally distinct from any of the other issues. Mr. W. M'FABliANE, of the eeoond oongrega tion, pointed out that Dr. Hay had mixed up the matter of the printed statement he oora plained of that had nothing to do with the second congregation, but had originated from tho members oi the Committee of Management. Dr. Hat said the statement had been laid on tho table at the laet meeting of tho Presbytery by a member of the second congregation, and was read by Mr. M'Farlane himnelf. The Rev. G. D. Buchanan rose to a point of order. The motion before the Assembly was to deal with the petition ot the Rev. H. Cairns for admission. Ih'o Rev. J. F. M'Swaixe , understood the mover to say that Mr. Cuirns had withdrawn his petition. The Rev. G. V. Buchasan said what he had . stated was that ho he held 'a letter from Mr. Cairns offering to withdraw his petition, but the proper course was for the committee to deal with the matter first. , Mr. Mocdy seconded tho motion, which was adopted. ? . Finance. Mr. Gilbbbt IiANQ then read the treasurer's financial statement, showing the following position of affairs : Credits— Balances at credit of the following account* : Home mission, £113 12b lid ; home mission schomo, £24 Is lid; title deeds, £24 9b 8d ; augmen tation of stipend, £136 16s 3d ; as sembly expenees, £14 2s 7d ; travelling expenses, £6 19s lid; evangelistic committee, £11 4b 2d ; college fund, £37 14s 9d. ; Assembly Hall, £114 9s Id; New Hebrides Mission, £25 Ts lid ; Kanaka mission, £114 8s 7d; total, £711 7b [9d. Debits: Bulimba Church, £197 14s Id; cash in savings bank, £277 15s Gd ; balance io savings Dank (after deducting cheques out), £12!) 15s lid; cash in hand, £6 1b lid ; total, £011 7s 9d. Mr. JonN M. Beicon read tho report of tho Finance Committee from which tho following excerpts aro tuken : — 1 ho first meeting waa called at the request of tho joint convener ol the Homo Mission nnd Church Extousiun Committee, to doviso soino means of obtaining the iu'eossnry funds for uniry iiiB on their important work ; tho amount nt their ciulitboiiifc'almostuil. Tliu College Cor noil also wrote your committee, stating that tliu work there must ecasu unless funds wero fortlicom'.nfe'. In order to carry out the instructions of the (Jencral Assembly re the overdraft on account of the chinch, land, mid building at Bulimbu, tho money had to bo tukon from funds lying nt tho credit of the schemes of the church. This action has hampered tho general work very much during This yenr the total contributions by the church aivi'ai'J (this does not include tli-' amount raised by the ^aubath Schools for tho Hmthen Missions) whilii £2,000 per annum are rciiuircd in order to curry on tho work of tho church successfully, nnd overtake now districts with ordinances. Tun question naturally arises, how can wo rniso this lnrgi! amount. Your comn-itteo nro iirmly of opinion thnt the work wi'l nevor liu la- coiuplislied by plate collections, and would suKfwst thut the General Assembly appoint onoof their number to visit all tbo charges in tho colony, ncquniut ,'thoiu ?with what is required, anil interest them as I'm- us possible in the general work of the; church; but, in order to permanency of effect,' it will bo ueces eury to huve collection books in every congrega tion, and tho amounts receivcdreinittodregulnrlv to the treasurer; also to have an organ through which tho wants and work of the church could be luudu known. It was agreed that both these reports be adopted. The clerk was instructed to obtain the opinion of the solicitors of the church on the question whether it was competent for tho general assembly to empower members of its own body other 'than the offioerH of the corpo ration, or the moderator, clerk, and treasurer to operate on the fnnds of the ohurch by sign ing cheques drawn thereupon. Mr. Alex. Smith gavo notice of the follow ing motion : ' That a committee be appointed to consider the advisability of employing a general agent to organise and develop the finances of the ohuroh generally.' ? The sederunt then closed with prayer. 