CIRCULAR HEAD Although the claims of Circular Head in the matter of havbonr improvements have boen most favourably entartaiood by tho members of tho Ministry who visited thu locality, an un plnaaanfc impression prevails as to tho ultimate success of our very moderate deinnnd*. It is sad to neo children of our family fnll out and chide a-id fight, and to seo dimininn nmongBt the brethren of our electorate, but it must bo aoroictea time recent sayings and doings at tnor Burnio Town Hall aro scarcely calculated to inspire confidence in tbo manifold bleBBings o£ representative Government. At a gathering of the olans hold on thor memorable 16th of Way, undor tho presiding goaiua und active guidance of the gentlemen proenmed to repretont the entire olectoriitfl of Wellington in tho House of Assembly, w.j find the meeting of the unanimous opinion— ' That in thn combination of the throe cnntre-i of Kmrz Bay, Waratah, and Table Oap°, ia r» presented the unity of the whole electorate of WeUinston, and tho mineral and agricultural woolth of the mus& impuruiQE uisirict of xasniama. j.dib is a 'staggerer,' suah as would have knocked Biohard Swivollor himself ondwayn. _Aa Circular Head finds no plac» within this, whirligig of an electorate on three centres, it would seem as though honest repre sentation must be tought outside, its narrow limits by appealing to the Bense of justice animating our common rulers, and the common seme cf the public. To sooh judgment Circular Hind is preferring: to snbmit tho action of the triumvirate that, from three given points, oonstruct an acuto angled triangle, assumed to embraoo within ita narrow limitations tho whole mineral and agricultural wealth of the most important elec torate, in Tasmania. I should feel inclined to regard the utterances, of the Burnio gathering as the humorous vapourings of preoipitancy did not tho prepos terous claims of tho several centres go so far beyond tho limits of a jokn as to prejudice tho legitimate reqnirementa of the whole coast. Emu Bay demands connection with the coastal railwav. extension of breakwater in t.ha trnnnrnl interests, find retention of the ' plant' which, affords such a fruitful stimulus to local enter prise. Table Cape claims a d'ep-ROH. harbour, connection with Emu Bay by light railway, anrl macadamised road to Waratah ; while the mining centre desires tbo nciuit-itimi of tho Van Diarnen's Land Company's niilrnnd.and extension of the samo to Mount Zeehan. iTrnly, history ropeots itself, for here we have * ' Wellington' executing a foicrd march while the 'Peninsular' is left hopelessly in tho rear. To connect tho threo control of mineral and agricultural wealth it will ho nocespary to- invoke the aid of that somewhat shmly old character, Euclid, in the construction of an acute angled triangle, end a discriminating public is respootfully invited to accompany mo., over tbo lines. Starting from the Emu Kay broalcwater, n. line of light railway cariies us smoothly along? the base of tbo triangle, and in ton miles runn into tho terminus in the deep-aea harbour of Table Capo. From thenne the HneB fall in the pleasant plsces of the Hellyer Gorgo, and get up apain, and wobble sociably alonjj a good macadamised road, in company with tha blighted Mongolian cabbage vondor, who should run down the base and get up tho other Bide of tho triangle, if he wishes to save time. and profjsrire the freahnesa of the vegetable) matter lfo bears to tho mining centre. How ever, 'he no saveo,' and wo get to Waratah all the same, returning by Government railwiy to the starting point at Emu Bay, where wa boat np the quarters of honest Tom Farrell, and oravo permission to give vont to our oxoited feelings for a brief space in the com parative seclusion of tha back yard. Having shook onraelvss togotbor a bit, tha Buffering publio and mytolf invite the thre» ?entres of gravity to come . outside and (bio) look at thamselvei, while the bloomin Quv'ment triei it« bud at tooling tiecoia* Knod State coach uad Opposition wagon around tho blarned track. And in the goodnoss of our hearts wo offer to stand drinks for the best . notation of the following -enigma:—' If tho 1 further extension of Emu Bay breakwater ia oontemplatecl eololy in the interests of coastal . shipping'; why snoh prolongation fails to meet the harbour requirements of Table Cape, ten miles west, arid Penguin ten miles east of this never-ondint! oonstruotion 1' . ??? - But nobody drinkB at our expense. , ' / .',?.' Mindful of ' Midshipman Easy's' triangular duel, and tho 'triangular war' in which, Yankee- Moxioau and Comanake Indian went for each other all. round, I have adopted the triangular style as the least offensive mode of expressing the indignation of OirouUir Head. If I I have committed an error of judgmont, not on '. Oiroular Head's ' nut,' but on my head bo it. To parade my own views on the matter lays me. open to a oharge of eeotism. Nevertheless, it seemB to mo that Ciroular Head is. too far removed from the other parts of the electorate ?to share in their common interests. , Oiroular - Head is' as far removed from Emn Bay as she is from the 'Woolnorth Block of 100,000 aoresi the birthplace of the 'monopoly bojrey,' a creation as contemptible as the ' Kiama Ghost' of Sir Henry Parkos. Circular Head knows that Woolnorth ia a barren tract, : recently nssessed boforo tho Chief Justice at the annual value of .£300. She knows that the Company 'looks up no fertile areas of immense extent ; aha knows that a breakwater cannot benefit a Company which grows not a ton of potatoes nor a bushel of grain ; and she claims to know more of her relations with tho '?' foreign syndicate' than strangers possibly can. May 24. 