THE DAY OF REST. ZACCHEUS. [By Ber. JOHN MCNRILL, of McCrle-Borbargh free Church, Edinburgh,] [Preached in the Metropolitan TabernaeU, Sunday Evening, January 271 "And Jems entered and pissed through Jericho. And, behold, there was a man named Zaicheus, which was the chief among the publicans and he was rich. And he sought to see Jesus who he was, and could not for the press, because be was little of stature. And he ran before and climbed up into a sycamore tree to see Htm,; for He was to miss that way. And when Jesus caine to the place He looked up, and saw him, and said unto him, Zaccheus, make haste and come down, for to-day I mast abide at thy house. And ha made haste and came down, and received Him joyfully. And when they saw it, they all murmured, saying, That He was gone to he guest with a man that is a sinner. And Zaccheus stood, and said unto the Lord, Behold, Lord, the half ot my goods I give to the poor; and if I have taken anything from any man by false accusation 1 restore him fourfold. And Jesus said unto Him, This day iSBalvationcome to this house, forasmuch as he b also a son of Abraham, for the Bon of Man 1s come to seek and to save that which was tost."—Luke sis. 110. (Concluded.) I might go on, for there are more difficulties. They labour and toil through every man. He was "chief among the publicans"—extra notorious, wbet we call a well-speckled man, none of your ordinary five-eights sinners, bnt a big Binner,though he was a wee man—a notorious sinner, known through the whole town. People wonld jeer and scoff, and eay, " Look at Zaccheus coming out to Bee this most loyal and patriotic Jew that ever stepped the acres of Palestine." Is there any notorions sinner here to-night? God grant there may be, for I am tired of preaching to ordinary ones. Oh, I wonld like Co get in a big thumping sinner. It is tlme tbey were coming. are yon sitting there saying to yourself, " Well, I am amazed a* myself lor bring in here to-night among so many decent people. I hope that nobody finds any window in my breast through which to look and see the vile creatnre who has come into the Tabernacle to-nigbt, he hardly knows how." God speed yon, brother. I am glad yon came. It Is very likely on you Christ's grace will light. He likes to get letters ot recommendation, living epistles. Great sinners become great certifi cates for saving power of Jesus Christ. He was chief; He waB notorious. Where are you? Christ Is looking your way already, and so would I if I knew where you were. He was chief. It was all the wo>se to come down, you see. Do I speak to some poor soul here—again I say some young fellow—who has got to be already a chief sinner, though young in years J You are not content with the ordinary pathways of transgressors, but In the little set that surrounds you, you use the little wit that God has given you to make jests, and jokes, and jibes, especially against people whose boots you are not worthy to blacken-saved sinners and religious people generally; and while 1 am speaking to-night the warmth has come up npon your cheek. I am glad to see it. It is a sign of grace. Yon are beginning to say" The preacher is right." It will be nil the more difficult for a chief sinner like me to come down. I feel the Devil already trying to stiffen my backbone, aud to make the sinews of my neck like iron against bending to the Christ of God and giving in. Yon have to do it though. Yon are a big fool for going up there, and the sooner yon come down the better. Zaccbeus was a chief sinner. And be was rich. There is another difficulty. Pee how Alps are piled on Appennies to hide from Jesus Christ this siuner who wants to see him. There he is—Publican, chief of Publicans, rich ; and as be afterwards confessed, rich with riches tne getting of which somewhat strained his conscience. Well, my friend, are you not feeling that you are sitting for your portrait ? Are not riches a difficulty to-day in seeing Jesus—riches well got or ill-got— even here anil now ? And if you Bre not rich, if you are saying— " Ah, preacher that misses me " I have yon on the other side. It is not riches with you, it is the want of them. A great bag of gold or a great bag of poverty hung round the nock has just the same power to pull down the head, and to prevent one from looking up to see the sight ol sights— God's Christ going aoout my own town looking for me. There was another tiling. He was a Publican chief—rich ; but; when be pats all these internal difficulties beneath him ana comes out, there was a great surging crowd of people, and he was an under sized man. Ob, does It not look as if he would just get in—get beyond the letter that kills Into the spirit that gives life; but do you not then hear almost the slamming of a door it that poor sinner's face? Be comes out; he forgets what he is with a blessed forgeuulness; but when be comes out there is a great crowd of people. " He sought to see Jesus, and he could not for the crowd, because he waB so little of stature." I almost knew that that was coming. Oh, doleful word! Oh, dismal word, like the dismal clanging of a funeral knell—" He could not 1' Yon remember when that time came to yon, my saved brother, the day when the knell rang In your ears, the dtath-knell of all your own hopes, and your own activity, and yonr own power to s&ve; your self. "He could not." And yet, wonder of wonders, the narrative does not ship there We do not shut out book and go home. The river does not lose itself in the rand. Great God of wonders, still the tale goes on after that dismal word, " He could not," for God could. Again I come back to ring out this. The Son of Man is here, living, and moving, and working, and gniding all things; and He can overmaster yonr last inability. " He could not." And yet it was done, and He could, for this religion of onrs is made up of paradoxes, and poor wee folks who must continually chop logic, and say " Two and two are four, and four is made up of two and two, and wa appeal to facts," and so on. These get these paradoxes—these illogical things, as they eay—and they think that they have torn experi rulinlnn tn ■< Wa ,„|H T>nS " and m»S mental religion to pieces. " He could not," and yet he .'could, and be did; for salvation is not simply what it seems to be on the surface—a man wanting to see Jesns; it is Jesus wanting to see a man, and that is not tbe Bame thing. No, not by a long lump. It is very different. Very well, how goes it J " He „„.,M -a, r„„ Ik. —a.. » la n.f thai-. a rfiffi„,,lS« could not for tbe press." Is not tnat a difficulty to-day ? I see him there, ont la the street, out on the lip of the stream; aud if be had been a great stalwart fellow—a porridge-fed Scotchman like some of os, seven feet by four—he might have dashed up against that crowd, and by sheer might Bnd main cleft a way for himself unto Him who was the living, oalpitating heart of the crowd; but he | could not, for he was little of stature;.and in all that crowd, mark you, there was not a friend—no, but many an enemy. Many a Pharisee was there, so thst if Zaccbens had nred his little height and weight to push nod jostle, they would have been glad to grip him and hustle him back into the mnd. He knew that. That is why be ran to the tree. He perfectly well knew that there was no friend there. Now, my friend, the same difficulty exists still. What is it? When men end women do get awakened up, and they do—I cannot tell how, unless this lie the explanation, that the Son of God is here, aud just because He is here the whole morel universe is palpitating aud trembling under His feet—do yuu not see sinners coming out of their holes, drawn I csnnot tell how? But tber are coming. Now, as surely as Christ is here, and here to seek and save tinners, so surely Zaccbens will be coming out to the roadside, and then the difficulty occurs. There is a gi eat crowd of people to-day j UBt as then round about CbrUt. There is a great mob. He is popular to-day in London—in Sonth London too. At any rate, there is a great crowd of people, and here is just an illustration of how it works. You are a father of a family; yon are a decent religb us man so far as I know, or any other body knows. Your son has been kicking over tbe traces ; but of late, I cnnnc t tell bow, he has got sick of bis sin. Tbenk Uod for that time when a man's gaige ] begins to rise at his lusts. He is getting sick of his sin. Nowhewnnts to be a new creature, for mark ] you, oftimes when that revolts comes tbe man swings away right to tbe opposite pale. He is want ing to be, not decent, not simply moral, but to be a new creature He wants to see Jesus—who He is, and be cannot, for yoo stumble him, aud msu lias yon—you, bis own father; yon, his own friend, and hundreds of tbonsands like you—yon stnmble him in this way. Be knows quite well that you are being contented witb far less than will ever concent him. He wants to see Jesus, God speed him 1 You are content with being in the crowd, and you stnmble him. If you are right, you ought to do what seme bony in tbe crowd ought to have done to Zaccheus. •' here ought to have been somebody there look ng for bim, end when he saw him be ought to have inshed cut and taken tbe little fragment by toe land, end said to him, "Oh, Zaccbens, yon want to see the Master. Come away, and I will introduce yoo, I know Bim; and do yon know, Zaccbeus, He is unlike all the other religious big wigs. There nevtir waeamanmore easily come at thaalWs l* mav who has appeared. The very children dim ' noon Him. and get His fctos, and He does nut <.r tbem away. Did you ever hear of a Babbi to w u they did that? Come away,! know Him. 1 wd. Birt'tbe narrative lmpllea by Ita silence thai th wan not a soul to go between. There they we»e I ■ M lmp^ebable wall, that gazing. gaping cr"v who wire content tobe them to-tey. and to sli-at " Crn> ify Him I" "Away with Him 1" to-morrow And yet Zaccheus saw Christ. Now what I have got to eay to proteasing Chrhitian? is qnlte obvious. My Sear friends quit your mere proiesslon. Be more than simply In the i» a. nnrely as you are only a nominal religionist yon are Keeping back the lapsed In the alums from comlne to see Cnrist. It la D^oanse yja are packing this tabernacle with yonr dry, wizened, frozen, formalist eotda that you are keeping out the drunkard and the harlot, who would Hke to nae from hdl and fly to heaven, and they.cannot get to, . and they are turning away from leans is to pass, because thereto a crowd do not want Bin. I am sorry to sea It. I am sorrier still tbat there 1b far too much truth In it. Christ ] loved Zaochene. The crowd is not all a sham. Church-going is not a mere Sunday parade. The heart of the crowd is all right, 'or the heart ed It Is b till the blessed Son of Gotland His apne^i with Him. Oh, yes; it la not all asham, It Is not alia show. The Church is right at the heart, and what yon went is that the heart should poor Its tides to the outer rircumfetenco, and make all between as quick with sympathy and eating help as the heart Himself—the bIeaBed Lord. ,, f , Well, still the story goes on, " He could not for the crowd, for he was Tittle of stature. I must have a word on that. Oh. parden mei forbelng somewhat particnlar, but reallythis Is pnotogmpbiis. and we must not run over it. Little of stature You say to me. " Preacher what are you gotag to make out of that T■ I will make this out of It, what ever else may be. Take it for what It la worth. Was not this littleness of stature the last form which his difficulty^ Inability took, and wae it not the worst? "Which ol you by t^ng thought can add one cubit to his stature r And that wasall | that Zaccbens needed. Just another eighteen Inches and he would have been independent of the crowd. What am I at now? I will tell you what lam at I am at the hereditary difficulties that ate keeping ( yoTfrom belneholy. Oh, this inability bwfar ^rocte" The fathers have eaten sour grapes; therefore the children's teeth are set on edge. K ] U hard for me to rise up and come to Christ, fori come of a einful stock I am too short bynatureto look level into the eyes of the Son of God. There is heredity here. This liitlenesaofetiturewas srrs^Mas^BvfbS i little baby. See bim when he was born, and toe gossips csme in. His mother, the good woman, held Sim up and said, " See that; just lookattoe size of Ulm I" And he was a Uttle lad, andhewasa little man. I mwt get paradoxical It Pw^ wth his growth, or did not grow; and lengthened with his length, or did not lengthen, whichever way you like. It was there. Whenever you thought of him, or spoke about him it was " Zaccheue the wee^man. So with you. I know what it was in toe case of Zaccheos. I do not know what the last form of yonr hindrance is ™ yon, but here, yon know, you can stand up and teUtbiB audience m a sentence what It is which firstly and lastly, and all the time, just when you would come at the reality of religion, keeps you where you are-something that beloiigH to blood and birth, breeding, and everything . and you can no more get rid of it than you can change the cost of jour countenance, or the colo^of your bail, or the height of yom frame. You are held in by this outward environment of an unfavourable kind and fairly crushed, ciushed, crushed flat by these internal and inherited obstacles. And yet Hallelujah, what a Saviour! Zaccheus was saved, business notwithstanding, heredity notwithstanding, crowd notwithstanding, saved to the glo>y of Christ's savlngpower bo what I eay to you is tUis, iny brother-my sister especially—especially some young man, or woman, or old man or woman hare; who, while I am sneak ing. is going back to these things, and saying " That is it; my lather was so-and-so, therefore it to boneless for me. I am committed to lost and debauchery, and meanness, and uncleanneas- it runs in my blood.' Do not say that. Almighty grace can break that chain. If It could not, there would be no salvation for any one—none. Heredity can be snapped as Samson snapped toe p;een withes with which they sought to bind him. Tnat to hope for some-for you who had a dranken mother—for you born in sin. soaked in iniquity from the protoplasm onward. Even you may be saved, for toe son of Man to come to seek and to save the lost; and more than lost you cannot be, ana less than that Uod's Word takes no account of. Ho, if yon are not a lost sinner I am reanyeorry that you thould waste your time. The Bible had not you in its regards. It to a withering thing to say, "to*-# ran before, and climbed up into a syca more tree." Let me fee briei. I wish that I could be quicker, because this thing to to do. He ran. My dear friend it comes to tbts. He was little, but do yon not see what I am going to say next Little and all sb be was, he was " good pluck. I am not speaking, I'.know, in a scdpturM way. Be was good pluck; he wa« pood " grit. . Whatdld these hifficfitiBB ao for bim ? It to evident what they did for him. I see the little man there, and when he comes out be says, " Do or die, I am not gotag to be beaten. I came ont and I am not going In toll I Bee that great prophet. He has been going about the country, and 1 have been heating about Him, and they say that He to considerably ■ down upon the people that I do not think much of. They say that He telle those Scribes and Pharisees Borne thing they would not take from me. I do not believe a bit in them; and it seemB that He to coming a bit rough on them, and as surely as Jam alivlngsinner 1 would like to set my eyes on that man. J will not go In." The difficulties, yon see, roused him. He girded himself up and " went for it." H°w am I to be saved? By sitting down like a baby at the feet of a mountain—sitting down in front of my diffi culties and all the chain of evil circumstances ? All heaven may be up there, but'it is not for me. Well, it may not be for you if you sit down and give m. Whatare difficulties for? Difficulties are for calling out tbe manhood in us. " Who art thou, eh, great mountain, before ZerubbBbel?"—before a m«o1 determined man—"thou shalt become a plain. " He ran and climbed." I can hear the scamper of hto feet along that roadside. God give you price to run behind bim. He is not a bad leader, and there is snre salvation li yon make even a good second. Well, yonng people, up and at it. you say "Oh, what will people say? If you decide " I will seek -alvation" they wi l very likely s »y that they ore glad to hear It. it was high time; and as for those who sneer and scoff, "Let thosetough who win." They may laueh you into bell; they will never laugh yon out of It. Ewe and run. This piizeto worth tbe runDing for, end it is a real prize —the favour and friendship, and the hand to hand, heart to heart, grip and fellowship of the Christ of God from now till the eternal morning. That is tbe prize. Ban for it. It is worth running for. Let »U toe world stand In your way and scoff and leer out your fingers In yonr ears, and run crying I "Life? Life! Eternal Hie! I mean to have ill And there is tbe chance, for tbe Son of God is within reach. " ZaccheuB climbed into a sycamore tree, for Christ would pass tbat way." Now we have him. Do ycu not see that when you pet determined soul anxious, and in what I may call "dead earnest," how yon torn the corner, in a minute or two very often, of what seemed tobe an insuperable obstacle alter a little bit of a run ? It may be that his cheek grew red at the jibes and sneers. Never mind that. Never mind your blushes. Ban on. God speed you, blushing or not! ' And Zaccheus got into the tree. A little man pins toe trunk of a tree is the higgest man there, Is be not? It is done in a minute. It »s tar easier than I you think now. For heaven'; sake do not sit down, I do not give in. Yon will do for the world by being soltandyieldlng, and "bail fellow, well met, and a nose of wax in the hands of Tom, Dick, and Harry Y on will do for toe world if you are going to he kicked here and kicked there, and take your religions views especially from the set that youareto -from anybody and from everybody : and you will b9 flung away like a sucked orange at the end; do not make any mistake about it But yon will not do for the eon of God till you showsome more msnly or womanly determination. What keeps ! back some men from being Christians? I will tell yon what it to. It to waut of pluck that keeps you the bond slaves of the flesh and toe world IPhafc you ate. It to not becan*e there are Intellectual diffi culties in your way. It to because yon have got weak, and soft, and flaccid, and your moral nerve to getting rotted out of yoiL In God's nair.e upana at it. Ihat in the vay» Bun and climb. It is worth it. Now we have him in the tree. It to just like this. Christ the teacher was to pass that way. ThisUtt.e feljow get h*8 rootber-'wit to work be saw tbtf thitfcwi ginBcro»d ww cwning that way;so he ran, for H e was to pa*s that way, . I *ee hitn Hitting there iu tbe tree, and he is takina a deep breath and setting him>eii after hip exertloDB; -and Ahen he looks 'on tbe Crowd to see this man of men* .1 am afraid'tbttat first he would think tnat.it may be Simon Peter who was th * man. I think that Simon w&s; irather bulkier than his master. Some of as are that yet. And then he wonld say, "Now that is an imposing-looking follow, but I ilo cot think that that is tbe man, and then he would get hit eyes on Chritt. Oh that moment, that moment, when Zaccheus net his own eyes on that face which angels would die to look upon—the face of ihe In carnate Bon of Ood travelling in the greatness of His saving strength 1 We remember that moment— we shall- never forget- it from eternity and to eternity—the moment when down here In the dim ness and darkness of time, notwithstanding all. our difficulties, our eyes did see the Saviour, and there came into us that indescribable thrill which comes when two lovers for the first time, ae Shakespeare eays, "Change, ayes,"she passes into him with a look and he passes Into her, and from that moment and for erer they are one. . Zaccheus got that sight somehow- That is salva tion—jnst to see Him—to see Him, who He Is; you will not forget Him. I can fasten my eyes upon some man down there now, and be nan fasten his eyes upon me, and although we cannot get Into hand grips you know perfectly well just now that I am looking straight into yonr eyes and you are looking straight Into mine. I am not looking straight past you and you are not looking straight past me, but we are looking straight into each others eyes. Dh, come then, that is solvation. I remember the day that it came to me. I do not want to talk about myself. I have a dielike to disclosing these most sacred secrets of one's epirltual history- But on a night like this, so laden with issues for all eternity, you will pardon me it I should a little wear my heart upon my sleeve, and run the risk of having daws to peck at it. Zaccheus saw Jesus from the sycamore tree whore he was. He is just where you are to-night. Tbe si can ore tree, whatever it was, or whatever It was nut, was a splendid place for seeing Jesus, was it not! Ia not that what the Church of Hod Is on the roadside of this world, planted there by Divine forethought, for Ood meant that into the branches —or shall I say the benches, which Is just an altered form of a branch—that into the benches of It poor sinners might climb to see Jeans if they do expect that He is to pass that way. This is what the Church is for. Oi conrse the Church has great abuses. It needs to be reformed. But I do not want any Plymouth brother to come—and I do not despise them, but just keep those hands off—I do not want any Plymouth brother to come with his reforming axe and reform it altogether. Uh, I woodman, spare that tree, Toucb not a single hough; In youth it sheltered me, And I'll protect it now. Let her stand with b11 her faults, the Is a Divine institution, ae I said before, planted on the roadside oi the world, snd into her branches poor sinners and troubled saints may climb to see Jesns, for He is to pass that way. 1 sometimes put it this wayIn the day when my McCrie Boxburgh Church—alas, alas, I base lost it—in tbe day when the Hegent square Church—that le the word—ceases to M s sycamore tree In the branches of which poor London sinners, soaked with sin, reeliag with damnation, shall climb to Bee JenuB, expecting that he is to pass that way-in the day wbeu my church In Begent sqoare ceases spiritually to be a sycamore tree, iu that day may God destroy it or take me oat of it. So I say for all churches, this one not excluded. And Jesus came, and Be looked up, and He saw him, and said, " Make baste, and come down, for this day I must abide at thy honse." " And he made hasto and came down, and received Him joy fully," I muet close. They came together there. Yod have come to the Church. It ia a good thing. Come to Christ in the Chnrch, which is far better. You have come here. Come closer. Come down; come down quickly. Some of you are iu a mere condition of spectatorshlp. Yon climb into the Tabernacle. Why are yon here to-night! You are jnBt here (o see and to be seen, and yon are con. tenUd. That is the be-all and tbe endall of yonr sermon hearing. You come, and you -sit like Zaccheus, but, unlike Zaccheus, you do not come into living grip with the Son of God. It is a good thing to come to the Church. It ia a better thing it is indispensable—that some day, some hoar, Borne moment, yon should come to Christ in the Chutch, or in some equally high and favoured spot. And so, to make a long story short, they went home, they spent the night together, and they are together yet. That iB salvation. That story does not stop with the tenth verse. Man, that was only the beginning. They are together yet. We shall see Zaccheus, and we shall not know him by his UttlenesB of stature. He will have grown a bit by that time. We shall see blm. They are together yet. Now that is salvation. What is it! It is this, Jesus Christ brings to us Himself In this homely and heavenly fashion. Yon will be inclined to say to me," Well, but preacher, you are uot say ing anything abont Zaccheus's sin. You are saying nothing abont repentance. You are saying nothing about all that." No; because there is nothing to i ay, or rather because Christ said nothing. The way it happened was this, Zaccheus climbed down more quickly than he climbed up, for It is more easy naturally. Tbe law of gravitation works in your favour. It works against you when you are going np. Zaccheus came down, and he went home with Christ, and when he got home the enpper-table was all set, and things were all nice, Christ did not look across the table and SBy, " Now, you little wretch, I have you now." He did not, either metaphorically or actually, grasp him, and as we BometimeB say, shake him over tbe pit. No, he said what had the same effect. It shook tbe sin out of blm. It shook the flameont of him—the flame of tbe pit that was already kindled in him here. As I said in the morning I have no text for it, bnt 1 think that it is between the lines. He went home,BDd Christ went home with him, and the supper-table was set, and while be was eating very likely Jesus asked Zaccheus for his wife, if he bad one, and for his children, if they were there: snd He was so kind and so simple, and homely, and so human, that it broke upon him " He is ditlnely human." He is tbe man whose fellow never appeared in tbie cold inhuman world." And while they were there in the cold and the dark, and tbe lamp was lit that winter evening between Zacchens and tbe Saviour, who said, '"I muBt abide at thy house," very likely Christ took the yonngest child unon Bis knee. I have done it in somewhat similar circumstances Would the Master be less human than 1 Bhonld be! He took the child on His knee, and He said to blm, "My little man, did yon ever see Me before r And He put bis band below his chin and kissed him, snd the lad looked np as if to say, "Well, He is strangely familiar"—" for In heaven their angels do always behold the face of His Father and it was when Zaccheus saw tbe match less kindness and condescension of our God then burst his wicked heart. CbriBt killed him with kindness, and he rose and confessed his sin, without being asked or shaken over tbe pit, and he said, " Behold, Lord." He came ont t ■ see the man. In side be confessed the God, and "no man can call Jesus Lord but by the Holy Ghost.". That man was regenerated in tne spirit of bis mind somewhere between the going out and the coming In, " Be hold. Lord." He paid Him Divine hononr. He did what no flattiring, fawning Unitarian can do. He went the whole length, lie paid Him full.Godhsad honour and dignity, and confessed his sin before Him. " Tbe hslf of my goods I give to the poor." Be does not ssy that in order to be saved, but because be it saved. " And if I have taken any thing from any man by false accusations, I will make it a good speculation for any man that I have robbed. I will restore blm fouifold" The Lord did not ask i hat. Then Christ rose. "If we con fess our sin"- bnt it needt that—" if we confess our sin Be is faithful and just to forgive us our sin." Then did Christ rise in royal, priestly grace and Majesty and pronounced his absolution. 'This nay 1b frslvaticn come to this honse, for bo much at"— and there He dignified and restored him to the plsco whence he bad fallen—"he also is a eon of Abra ham" May God lift some poor perishing sinner to-day, snd In Blmilar fashion set him among the seed royal, the children oi His grace and the sharers oi His glory. Amen and amen. 