MELBOURNE .ITEMS., .. (RO5M OUR OWN COltl CPONIDEHT.) After havilng failed:to secure a suit, able Attorney-General from the ranks of the Public Service, the QO erniiept, have at last thrown the post op'?'n t competition among outsidetrs. Tihe duties of thehollice rrirre esa'uund and extensive knowledge of legal dilliirs in the person who hhl.la it; still. it is a rather sigilficant fact thatonbrly r.ine ten have applied for the sitautiiion. Thr immurediate salary is L900. wicl.h.a proapective increase to L1000.:! It therefore follows that maun of the right stamp can make more money at the bar, and there is emall Ilnoe to the-m if they prefer to krep their private practice. As a matter of face,' the rum offered is looked upon as at moreo pittance by qualifie:d men, and is cer tainly not equal to the omrolumenls of some other of our public oflices whialih require a less amount of albility .to smanage them. I could mention a col ony with a third of the population, and less than onueighth the revenue of Vic torin, in which the officer holding the position corresponding to that of our Attorney-General, r.coives L1250 a year, ,ith" a reversionary, interest in tlihe Clelf'JudlC hi'p;: andl ,ip..asejstedr Iby a Deputy at L1000, a Orown AttIr ney at L700,and Crown Solicitor at LtiOJ --the" two tirst'itsrired officers having seats in the Legielativo Coun cil. Throconsequenco is that the enst men at the I?argo in for the higher posts referred to. Peoplehave not yet done talking about the Nimnio incident. As a ministertho ye ntlemen was not of much use, and irad he, resigned of his own free will, or had he been pitched into a seat on the other aide of the house thirough an overturn of the Ministerial coach, most people would have said " good riddance." But the way in which-he has been turned out of office has created for him a certain amount of sympathy, while it has earned for the Premier and his chief colleague a good deal of well merited contempt. If there existed a compact opposition, led by a capable man, the government would not have a long tenure of office. But the opponents of the government are so split up into small parties, with only Mr Munro for a leader, that they can do nothing, and the Lords of Mis rule will continue in office some time longer. What is now wanted te a poli ticau capable of welding the " mutually repulsive fragments" of the opposition into a nomogenous whole. Unfortuna. tely, that man has not yet made his appearance. IMeanwhile, Mr D. '31. Davies has begun to draw "milisterial pay. 'Referring to that gentleman a Society paper says this is the way in which Mr Nimmo puts it :-" D--M. Davies I" Very likelyl . The Opposition, such as it was, managed to spring a surprise upon the Governent-and the publio, on the very'day Parliament was opened. They positively refused to raise a debate upon the address. They were probably aware that we had enough of that sort of thing last year to suffice for the next five sesslons. Whatever their motives may have been,r however, the public dre infinitely obliged to them, and will mark that evidence of their good sense on the credit side of their accounts in the public ledger. The address was moved by Mr Peacock, a young Aus tralian native, and his first performance did him credit. His style is rather monotonous-a fault that wearies dur ing a long speech, and, moreover, a fault that ideas, however good thley may be, do not always redeem. He should practice the art of public epeak. rng a little more. The seconder of the addrees, Mr Foster, of Gippsland, alsd spoke very well. He is frank also, and told the Government that if isle single voto could turn them out on the Stock Tax, he would give that vote. But that, as the tax had not a ghost of a chance at present, he would help them in carrying out their general policy. The rulour grows that, as soon as opportunity oeffiers, the Cabinet intend to bring in a bill for the creation of another Ministerial portfolio. This measure has been foraolhadowed some time, But the question to be consi dered is, what is the country to gain by it 1. Is tIher any real nered for a new post I I think not. Neitlher do Ministers really think so. The donly necessity that exists for the creation of a now olitco il that it will form a con vernient peg upont which to hang a fat salary. 'That feat iaecoeplirhed by a speelos of political jnrglery, the intro duction into tihe Carinet of some needy supporter of the Government follows, as a mutter of course. The only ques. tion is, who i" to be the gftilty-I beg his pardon ; the fortunate party 7 Does anyibody ever reflect that the Victorian House of Aesembly-the payment of its mo,-mbers, I mooean-costs tile colony nearly £30,000 a year I And if they are alive to that trifling circumstance, will threy state whether they consider the legis'ative work got through last year is orth thirty thousand pence I Life, has this week a good political cartoon. Scane, a taproom : Deakin stanudig behind the bar counter, vatoblirrg Ducarn Gtllire stripped, shirt.elrc*es turned up above the el ioewe, turning Ninmmo outof doors. A huge bulldog, with " Albert Park" engranrd upon its collar, has seized Durncan Iy the seat of the trousers. A slatet hanIgs upon the wall, upon which covrutlres " drinks" are scored under Ihe rrsl.eotablo names of Lorlimer and Dow. Thlse tWo gertlnmune are loan in.agoainst the counter. SaysLorime?r poinrtirg to the slate with .his thurub, "I lsay, Dow, old fellow, tlhat slate's pretty full. I shlould'nt wonder if it be our turn next. Mr. J. J, Ourtaln, an'old Giplslard ntSger, died yesterday at thie fharkt fHrul, Salo, aged 45 years. 