ftovelist. CAGED; OB, Mrs. SliMcIinioiils Dlarriagc. BY L. I. X. CHAPTER IV. ??? (Coiiihuial). It was <puie dark when we arrived j there, and 1 wondered nervously what I they would think of my absence at home, j However, it was too late for te<rets The same stolid faced Genua.).' who 1 opened the door on my last visit »d nutted us now, and somehow the si"ht <»f linn put old Kitty in my head. What !:as become of that kind, simple, affect ionate old creature, who had been half sister and half servant to my godmother, for ail the years that I could remember, and many more ? " Where is old Jvitfy ?" I asked, sud denly, as we were ascending the stairs . Ivntheriuc MucArdle, I mean. Surclv Aunt Dora cannot be called lonely or w. thout n friend while .she is there *J" Doctor yon Stead's dark eyes nsicl n»Jly on mine as he answered with pen sive gentleness, ivattieriue MacArdle di«.'d in an aims- j house, or was it the workhouse ? At any 1 rate, in some safe retreat for aged and j useless persons, more than a month ago. All the blood in my body see Mod sud- I denly to surge up to my head. Indigna tion gave back 1113- lost strength luid I courage, as I cried,- j Not in the workhouse, surely ? Aunt Dora was always generous ; she would never suffer her faithful fci<nd a;-d foster-sister to sink to such a low place CQHt. lie looked at me with comically lifted brows, shrugged his shonldeis. and said m his softest tone, l ou hi've yet, I see, to learn how completely Dora's will is Jllino. ]lmv docile a well-drilled wife can be For the rest, I am not sentimental-or rather J am sentimental in my own fashion,' m !?a ;rrfcrv x°doubt ^ ^ MacArdle had her uses in her day, but that 1,ay is long since past. Moreover " -he paused, and the deep, dark eyes shot forth a sudden gleam that gave a ferocious emphasis to the last words 'she opposed horse]f to me. She tried iy poison her mistress's mind. And so f he uied in the workhouse of a complaint v Inch 110 doctor would catalogue or recognise, which she calkd a broken lie spoke with a cool, cynical brutalitr it was as though at the door of the room 111 which his sick wife lay, in which we were both to stand iu the solemn presence of impending death, lie deliberately laid aside the mask he Lad worn with assidu ous care until now, and stood revealed of las*"T n iU' hl UiS trUe charactor at ^ could not dislike or distrust 3iim more hovoughly than I had done from the iirst, but I shrank from him with more conscious 1 .athing now. IIe saw it aud smiled again a cold, bright, cruel smile, 111 which there was no trace of displeasure, but rather, x thought, a sort of diabolical pride. You arc shocked and .startled. You Hinnk irom me as from a fiend in human iorm Ah, you are very youiig, Miss 1 »r< ret011, and Jiavmg many things to 'fc be my pleasant duty to J- acli you by and by. I5ut meantime, iny poor JJor 1 waits." He o; eiu d 1 he door as lie spoke, and another i.rnute I was bv my poor godhers side. .Siie was not in bed, i«»i did she look so alarmingily ill as I a-? vxpected U, liud K-r: i" fact, since my las! visit, there h.-.d been but little <\- ii, her appearance She jiiivhave '".on a la,lo g ay.r, a little tlnnJr, but 1 ?> >t w s all. As she had done then, she j-.v hack anions lur pillows in a high . cnicd ai"in-f*ha:r, staring <stra:ght before I er. ,pnt c undisturbed by our em ranee. 1 i.-r could all my passionate appeals, my nals or kisses, rouse her attention, or bring one gleam of recognition into the la»:k-justrs eyes. At last I grew weary of my pitiful fail ures, and turned indignantly to Doctor v.iii - Steigcl, who stood a little apart wa ching us with a sort of curious, imper sonal interest, a strange Mephistophilean figure in the full brightness of [he lire glow. .' Is she always like this V" I asked, pas sionately, ' hnowing no olle, llot </Ven those she loved best ? Jf Sfl vmi ];ile-.v it r^ess, and worse than c'.el to bring Doctor von Steijrel lifted his flexible brows and waved his slender hands de prccaiuigly. "Cruel to yon, perhaps, but not UEC_ less. <Jli, no, d ;,r V"UI1<, ].1(jv , <it useless! for the tight of this helpV-s woman--helpless by vcrv will, und-i- I stand-may show you the extent of mv 1 po«er." ~ | *" I do not understand you," I faintly ! said ; but J did : the horrible iruth was dawning 011 ineeven then. "No ? \ou soon'will. Listen: lam married to your godmother, :is you know. I needed inonej-, and it suited my plans to have a rich wif« ; so 1 took on ? ; but j you do not know that it was <juite against lier will. She dislik- d me from the first ; yet by certain means not neces sary to mention, I gain-d complete mastery o\ er lier. and she became irrevoc ably mine. " A self-evident fact, unhappily," was my cold response. " May I ask why you j 1iy bare you vil'Imy t<> me? Why re ii ore the nnsk yoi have wora so success full v ?" He smiled. "Because, changing Nina, the da}' is coming when you, too, will be my wife and slave." " You aro mad!7' I cried, springing to my feet. "Let me leave this dreadful house at once-I cannot breathe in it! How dare you insult me so-you, the hus band of my dearest frieud ! Let uie pass, 1 say!" To my surprise, he quietly made way for me, and I fairly llew from the room; but he was beside me iu a moment. " You are right; yonder senseless lump of clay hears nothing, but it is as well i'lat my story should be continued free from the influence of her presence. Be good enough to step in here." lie opened the door of the little library, and gently pushed me toward it. ITow dare you touch me ?" I cried, turning fiercely ; but with a firm grasp he thrust me into the room, and paining wish indignation and terror, 1 sank into a chair. '* Your struggles are useless, sweet one. You cannot leave the house until you liave heard what I have to say,' the sift voice c lit hmed. 4' Ah, it is a relief to give vent :o this consuming fire,"stroking his breast in a melo-dramatic maimer which even at that moment made me smile. " I love you Nina-Jove you-love you'. . 1 am tied to an old wife ; you linked to a ytnui'j 3 over whom you vainly fancy th:ii , you love. But what of that? In a few j } wi eks D«ra will be in her .crave. Oonway Tower will have consoled himself, and you and I will be iu the lullucss of our honeymoon bliss." I shuddered, but I would not was'e time in any vain or impotent appeal. My sullen silence seemed to encourage him. He went eagerly on : "And it will be no unhappy fate for you. Nina. I have not even been unkind to her, but to you 1 will be more than kind. For I adore you, Nina. I have dreamed of you from the first time 1 saw your beautiful face, and heard your .cw.;et voice in the hall. Do you remember that day ? I do so well. 1 had deter mined ihat none of my wife's needy haiigers-oushonld come about her and rob me of the all I had a right to expect. I was most particularly on my guard against you, whom she talked of always as her 'child ' whom she meant, I knew, to shave her fortune at least, and when I came out of the library I fully intended to drive you away, but with my fust sight of you that purpose died a suddeu death, and another sprang up in its place. You were so beautiful, that the sight of you almost took my breath away, and L have worshipped 1 e.iuty all my life. I did not misread your feelings, or deceive myself for one second. There was no kindness iu the glance yon gave me. But 1 said that later love would come, and then, then how happy we should be. How h ippy we shall be, Nina, when all that parts us now has passed away.'1 lie bent towards me with outstretched liands and a hideous smile. As the blonde head bent lower and lower, as llie full lips all but touched my cheek, I began to fear he was really mad. Impelled by sudden indignation at his unparalleled audacity, and hardly knowing wh it I d:d, I struck out with all my force at the inso lent, wicked face so neat i»3r own. He drew back with something between an oath and a yell of savage paii'. And theu I saw, with what lam ashamed to s;iy was almost exultation, that a thin stream of Wood was trickling down his ! check : the sharp cd.ge of the diamond in my betrothal ring had caught ami cut him shandy, just at theeornerof the eyebrow. " You handsome fury, you shall pay for this," he cried with a diabolical glitti r iu his eyes as he pressed a handkerchief to the wound, and wiped the trickling stream away with an unsteady hand. " If you were not so handsome I would kill you, and no one should ever knoiv the mystery of your fate. " As it is-" ii As it is, you will see the wisdom of releasing me at once," I said, speaking with cool assurance that the quick throb bing of my heart belied. My poor god mother may be a helpless captive in jour hands, but I am uot." 4;Not in one sense," lie answered, with a savage scowl, though 1 shall sub due that proud spirit of jours, and bring you to my feet as meekly as I have brought her, in time. But"-the dark eyes lit up, the cruel, : earlet lips curled in that wicked smile one; more as he added slowly-" but you should not he t >o defiant, my dear young lady. You forget that in another and move literal sense you are my captive still." Every drop of blood in my body seemed io rush up to my head as I llaslieil out in dignantly, "You cannot ! you will uot dare detain nic I" tl Will I not? There are no limits to my daring. Miss Brereton. 1 have set the law at defiance all my life, and the law has done me but litile harm. I am j not coing to regard it as a bogy scarecrow now! A few days of seclusion will do you all tiie good in the woild. And iu spite of this, "touching '.he Mill bleeding wound as he spoke. " you will find nu- the kindest of jailors, I assure you, dear young lady." At last he stood before me as he was avuilian of the worst type.: and I felt my courage quickly giving way. " This-this is monstrous. You are mad. You must be!"l cried passion ately. ' >",m think it possible that yoiTean keen n:e here against my will, Doctor von tveigel? That I have no friends who will search for me when 1 am missed ? ' "You have frie: ds, but they will not find ypu until it is my pleasure. If they i ceme here, which they will not do until [ thov have searched ail Loudon over, their I inquiries will be most politely answered j by me. I shall Jiot have seen or he u<\ ] from you. You will never have cro red 1 the threshold of this house. The room S'-emed t'j i f el round as I listened to the calm, dearly spoken words. A horrible conviction of my utter helplessness crushed me. 1 cried out in desperation, - " All ? you forget the people alio saw ? me enter-the man who let me in-*' *. Will see as 1 see -will speak only as j I bid him. He is my slave, as you. my I lovely rebel, will soon be. R-fleet on I that certainty for an hour or so, and let me find you in a more amiable and con ciliatory mood when I return. ' 1 He went then, leaving me half stunned j iu the centre of the room. 1 heard the I 1 arp click of the key as it turned in tlie j ]c:k, and the sound seemed to make me j real zo with c:url ck-armss the insult and i o UaL'c I was cal'cd oil to encu -e. I lkw j to the door, and tried with all my strength to shake it, hut, of course, without result. I I screamed with all the force of my lungs -scr. amed till, my voic3 cracked, my throat grew sore and dry ; but that wild cry was echoed by a faint laugh far down the corridor-a laugh that was full of mocking triumph and de light I tried to look through the kej* hole to discover if any one was near, but found the key still in the lock. I ran to the window then ; itloooked only 011 the trim, closely, walled-in garden, that sloped down to the slug gish little canal, aud was hermetically closed-nailed up in a curious fashion, that for the first time made me think Aunt Dora the prisoner of something more than her husband's strange arts. While I was still trying with bruised and .shaking lingers to nieve the heavy nails, 1 heard the chime of a church clock striking first the quarters and then the full hour. With a beating heart I counted the strokes, echoing the last with a sharp cry of dismay. Nine! Is it nine V I cried, hardly able to believe my ears. It did not seem possible that five 1 hoars had passed since I stood at the door of the Charing Cross Station, j hastening happily home-and yefc what a life time of agony I had lived through since then. What an agony of suspense those who loved me must be enduring I now. ISine! And I have told mother thai I would be home by live; and she ' was so nervous, so easily alarmed. She had retained through all her metropolitan experiences her countrywoman's horror of the London streets. She would torture and half madden herself by imagining the worst that could befall me. And yet, what imagining of hers could be worse than his helpless imprisonment, of which in her wildest fancy she would never dream. " They will think there has been some accident, and search Ihe hospitals," I cried, pacing the room with hurried, ferverod steps, [working myself into a very frenzy of terror and pain. " Oh, lie was right! Thej' will think anything but this, search anywhere but here. And while they are blindly hunting on the wrong track 1 shall go mau or die. Oh, Heaven help me! Heaven send them to my help soon ]'' The tears ran down my cheeks, and fell thick and fast 011 the clasped hands 1 had lifted iii an involuntarily prayerful ges ture. I could find no help, 110 suggestion in my own distracted mind. I could only pray as a child pr.iys, with an intense, unreasoning fervor of faith that some one might be sent to my aid. I think inatchildish invocation, and per haps the shedding of those passionate, i hysterical iears, helped to calm and strengthen me. I began to think more clearly, to cease that trapped, bird-like beating against the bars of my cage ; to tell myself that in patience and self-con trol now lay my only hope. He will not keep me long ; lie dare not," I said afcain and again, though without much relief in my own comfort ing words. "He will not dare detain me by sheer force. With the morning, for his own sake, he will release me but, oh ! the agony they will endure at home." "Xina!" I started as the weak voice fell on my ears Absorbed in my own agony, con vinced of her leaden unconsciousness, I had forgotten my fellow captive until now. It appeared that after M-ix left me and descended to his own room. Aunt | Dora recovered consciousness, and hear- ! nig niv cries, had rushed to my rescue, j and, turning ihe key of my prison.hurried i in. ~ - j .'Aunt Dora,'" I cried, with a thrill of j joy, as I ran to her side and caught her 1 thin hands in mine. " You know j me j " Yes, yes, child. There are breaks 1 in the long, horrible dream my life is 1 now. But never mind me now. How j came you hereHeaven knows I am j glad to See you, but this is 110 place for | you. Go home at once. (Jo." j She enforced the appeal with a pas- j sionate gesture of entreaty, half rising in | her chair, and pointing eagerly to the j closed door. She was exciting li> r.=elf | dangerously. Her thin cheeks blazed I with hectic spots, h< r h illow eyes shone 1 with unnatural fire. 1 had 110 choice but i to tell her something of the truth. j ';D ar Aunt Dora," 1 said, as gently I and soothingly as I could, " 1 cannot go. j Did you not hear the key again turned in the lock ?" As I said this we heard the doctor's sneezing laugh, and the echo of his retreating steps. A look of horror over spread the countenance of the poor woman, who began to have vague ap prehensions of, we knew not what afrocit*' I crept closer to lior side, burying my face in her lap, feeling the soft, so> 'thing touch of her weak hand about my head, involuntarily comforted bjT that human contact, that pitying, helpless tenderness of the fellow-captive, who was much more to be pitied than I. How long we clung together like this I do n«'t knew ; in niy numbed inlssry I lost all count of time, and fell into a sort of doze, in which I seemed to myself to have been days, weeks, and months away from home-?o long that 11. y very memory had halt faded from the minds of those who loved me best. I thought, that, myself unseen. T saw my father going about his daily duties in calm, matter-of lact fashion, a little older, more gray and careworn, perhaps, but evidently* sub missive and resigned. I saw Nannie and my mother sitting in the old way. at work in the familiar room, and heard them talk of me. tenderly aud regretfully indeed, but absolutely as men and women talk of rlie unreturning dead. Worst of all, I saw Conway Power join them. 'Jomvav. my ever hop ful, j evi r sanguine lover-saw the deep maiks j of grief on his worn, handsome face, and ] heard him say in the full, sweet-toned j voice that had so often made glad music j in my ears, that he. too, had resigned all hope. I sprang to my feet with a shrill, j piercing cry that rang through and ! j through the room and out into the cor- ] ? r:dor. j J " Conway, I am not deed ! Oh. C011 I way. save me!'' | The ery was nn-wer-d -n<>t in my : dream, but in glad and blessed reality. ; I heard the tramping of many feet in the corridor, the sound of anury voices, and a sharp, fierce struggle. Then there was a heavy crash, the door burst open, and i was in Conway Power's arms, sobbing my very heart out in the arms of my true love. j I remember but little mor« of what | passed then, or for the next few days. i Nannie says that I fainted and gave the in no more trouble after my iirst out burst of hysterical delight; and, though I am not given much to fainting, I sup pose it was so, for 1 can recall nothing clearly after that first sight of Conway Power's face. " And it is hot wonderful, poor darl ing,'' Nannie said, affectionately, when, the iirst sharp illness that had troubled my healthy life subdued, I was allowed to ask the questions (hat had haunted mo all through that spell of fevered pain, "for if our sufferings were terrible that night, what must yours have been ! 1 "Did you think I was-dead ?" I asked, recalling, with a shiver, the in cidents of that horrible dream. And Nannie wincsd at ti.e ugly word, though she answered promptly " We thought everything that was horrible. \\\ e thought we should go mad, especially when Conway came. Poor C011 way ; it was dreadful to see his despair. We went Jo hospital after hospital, sta tion after station, and at last-bless mc for the thou^iit, Nina ; it came upon me like an inspiration in a sudden, ccrtain flash-to North 13ank." "Bless you, indeed, Nan!11 I criel, with quivering lips, "But you must tell me all, dear : how vou <;ot in, and how-" "Oh, there is plenty to tell, if you only leave the talking to me ! We went together, Conway and 1, and the man who opened the door denied all know ledge of you. * She is not here !' Con way cried, harshly, with that fierce, j dreadful ring of despair in his tone, thai j made my heart ache. 'Come, Nannie; . wo must find some other place.' He was turning away when the door at the end of the passage opened, and a man whom 1 knew at once came slowly toward us. The light of the hall lamp fell fully on his upturned face and fair, silken locks you had so often described. There was something about him that seemed weird and uncanny even to me; but Conway stared as though he stood in the presence of an actual ghost. 4 Marcus Niersteiner!' he said, slowly, almost as though he were trying to recollect. ' Conway, it is Doctor von Steigel-Aunt Dora's husband!'" I cried. ' It is Marcus Niersteiner, the convict, the assasin, whom 1 saw tried and sentenced to the galleys six years ago!' he cried. Then Conway seized him in his strong grasp, and at that moment your frantic scream rang through the house, and I heard a heavy crash, as Doctor ^ on Ste:gels body was ilnng across the hall. 1 rushed quickly up the stairs, guided by your cry; but, quickly as I went, Conway pushed by ine, and set hi:; shoulder to the door. It broke open, and my dear, you know how we found you. \ou know the- rest, " \es, I know, ' I cried, wiping away my happy tears; "all my troubles are over. But poor Aunt Dor.i-oh, Nannie, what of her i" Nannie shook her curly head, and si id Conway would tell me all I wished to kaow. ] " Oh, if Conway knows !;' I be'r:in but ' Nannie answered : ° ' i " I will nut discuss anything more ex c:tmg than beef-tea, and barley-water to day. ' Of course 1 had to submit, and. as i really was weak, nervous and excitable s-iH, I was not allowed to rc-onen the subject, either that day or the mxf ; but, j | <<il the third, the evo at the new y< ar, 1 j I i «.cei\ i d formal permission to <ro down- ! j st.iiis, pjid had imfc been in tije dra-'.vii)"- i room im.re than !ive or six minutes be- j j fore Conway came in. j j '"At last!" I cried, with a sigh of! i intense s-itisf^ctton, he ^at on the sofa ' I beside me, and took lioth my eat;oily- j j extended hands in his. Oh, Conwav, you will tell me everything-will yoj ! not, dear, now I About Aunt Dora, and all ?" .' Yes : it is a w ret died story "Safe from all ! that is what thov sr.v when-when-Conway- -. ls *Aunt Dura dead " Xo, no ; not likely to die. She isim- 5 proving rapidly under yoni-mother's care. I Niersteiner was nut her husband : the j ruflian tubled to bis other Ciinies, and g i am fv). innately ubic t;j pruve the t fact.'5 j ''-Arid 3"ou recognised him at once could prove hisiiideiojty and ivhasc her:''' 1 cried, looking curiously in his face. "Conway, how lucky-ho.'.- wonderful that was!" '.Lucky eno:;gl:, my darling : i:ut not so wondeiful after ail. The 'Nicr.,u-i:ier trial mad:' a great sensat'on at ?h : time. 1 was in Brussels, doing ' Our Convcpon deut business ft'r oin* ot the llnis'i-ated papers then, and. (if course, madu several ske'ehes - f ill:: pris >uer"s face, a notable face at anv time, and one not easv t<j for get," . | I shall see it al*>\ays, even though its j owner never crosses mv path ai;ain,'; I j cried, recalling with a shudder t lie irVeat j dark eyes that had seemed to blaze into mine-the cruel, sfailet lips that had curled in mock' ry of my misery. '.lie will never do that/' Conway an- ! swered, with confident '-aim. *- IU> j escaped from the house, but the police, acting on the information I gave j them, were promptly on his track: he j was caught and handed over to the j b»elci'!n ant hoi i: iVs yesterday, and titevdo i not let their prisoners escape more tl;an j once." ! "* And what was his crime V' jj .' Murder! a brutal. sordid murder, tbat ! here woulu inevitably have been punished 5 willi death. He played i:j Brussels pro- I ciselv the same game he had commenced 1 here-wormed himself into the coiitidencc j ; of a rich old woman-a banker's widow- i j persuaded her to marry him, to the dis- j | gust of all her friends, kept h.-r shut up in i j a sort of prison for about six months, at i I the end of which time she died, and lie * j married her maid, a handsome girl from 1 I the south of France. " " ? .'lie murdered his first wife; he was 1 murdering Aunt D >vu I" I cried. ; " The girl beiraved him, and, in send- \ ing her accompbee \ery safely to the i ' galleys, saved he-self, which was all she < cared lor, I suppose, J shall never for-j get the look he turned on his glib and j unabashed accaser as lie. left the dock : after sentence iia.l been passe 1. 1 mads : a roiii'h sketch of ii then, and a picture j after .". aid ; I will sho.v you bath some < da v.1' j " D:) not 1 I broke in, piteously. ? "I want o forget his face-to for-j j?ct him and all iliis dreadful trouble, Conway." Aunt Dora fulfilled Conway's predic tion and did not die. But. she was ill lor a long time. Sue and Conway soon be came friends, and my impetuous proprie tor hinted to her that he did not mean to wait over long for me. And though, of course, I liked him all the better for his impatience, I felt it would be very cruel to desert the lonely, spirit-broken woman now. ! " That means that you want to take j Niwi from me soon, Mr. Power ?" Conway gave a nervous look across i at me. but I would not give him any help. Well, lint so very soon." he answered, with an apologetic laugh. " But 1 want to take Iter, 1 admit !" " Do not-do not take her from me late or soon," Aunt Dora said with a passionate quiver in her voice. " Mr. Power, you can write your phiys and paint your pictures here, and make an old woman's last days very happy. Marry Nina at once and make this your home." " Why, Nina, it is a lovely plan. The very thin;; to make every me com putable ; of course you will say yes?" crieil Nr.iuiie. "S.iy yes?" Aunt Dora's pale lips cchoed feeblv. And we s;iid it in a breath : :iud though Conway did not greatly like tlie prospect j a! the time, we have had 110 reason to re- j grct our decision since. 1 (THE liXIJ.) 