CHAPTER V. Red'and lurirt^ like'a "flame of fire, the herald of a scorching; day, came the sun rise in .the morning.. Those who have nevor seen a drought in the interior of Australia, can.fovnv no con- : ceptiori of the ruinous scourge, which, like a ve r e /ISeGijqiiaTtei"foses 'Cis alf! flocks which have cost him'years of careful study, die famished before his eyes; and Itivcriria, that in good seasons'is the very' garden', of Australia, becomes a naked waste,, .dotted with the bleaching bones of perished herds. When the baked earth, cracks and gapes for moisture, and birds fall exhausted from the wilted . brancheswhen, the pino stems bleed,'and.the gum leaves fairly " hiss for rain whoii the hollow thunder roars on the brittle air, and the fierce dry lightnings flash on a brazen sky; then there is a drought upon the land: When the carrion birds grow fat' on the flesh 'of ' perished flocks,Jand the full- paunched dingo howls by the waterless pool ;'when tho zephyrs sigh ing throusli the languid leaves, laden with nauseous odours'of the dead,1; and the .hu man skin, par.ched and cracking, festers id the stagnant air; then there is drought, fierce , and relentless drought, upon the land.' " : : !'. At the time of Percy's advent, to Bundura New South Wales was passing through one of these droughts.'' -At-Bundura, the effects were not disastrous, for the run had always been very-niuoli -understocked. Grass was1 sufficient; and as for water,') the river and the lake prevented any anxiety on, that Bcore In all the surroundings' for huudreds of nulos the havoc had'been dreadful. Many squat ters had been ruined, and many more in order to carry on had contracted heavy debts which would encumber tlioir properties for many years. A few, very few,came almostun maimed from: the struggle. Amongst those few, was Mr. Leigh; arid this happy consum mation was duo simply i'Q the fyct .that' lie kept his run understocked, ; The promise of the; morning was fully re-, deemed, for as the,day grew'the lieat became intense, All laborious OQeupations were sus pended, Mr. Leigh remarking that >" It was too hot for any white man tq'work." I ; ! ConsequentlyPercy had tho whole day to inspect tho pmnises, and the immediate neighbourhood',! with -which lie made himself thoroughly acquainted; ' ' ' .? '2.That night a,storm gii'thered,.which, after hooliiing and flashing for an hour, dispersed without a drop of rain falling, though the air was slightly cleared and freshened by the electric passage. .The nest few days were spent by Percy m gaining a good knowledge of.the run. Mr, Leigh told liiiq that ho could either go with M'Dqnatd or take Charlie as a guide,' and catohing the eager expression of the latter's face, Percy chose Charley. . A few: days: later Percy, with his guide, was exploring the northern Bido.of the vun j that part of it which lay amongst th^, Har den ranges. *ldi$g /.along the .boundary fenoe oyer, hills and gullies, and enjoying tho scenery, when Charlie stopped suddenly at the same time pointing to, t^o iiguro of a man, who was 4p,poaching diem from the opposite aide of the fence. The pedestrian, wlio seemed lost in thought, had not yet noticed tlie horsemen. On becoming {i\y&r;$ of their presence, he started, ajfehtly in sur prise, and for an jne.ta^t seemed inclined ta sneak into the scrub, but seeing that he was a'fr.eacty'observed. he 'camo straight forward., a.nd wi.tli a surly.Good-day'' passnfl qv>. to ^ydrds Bundura". "Well, I declaro,'\ exclaimed Charley, that was Bully Pete ; I noY9i,*' thought Uq. would liavo ccmrago to come here again. It's very strange." "I don't see auyfching to be afraid of here, Charley; and what is. there strange in the fact, that a man who has no occupation should bo seen wandoring amongst these hills?" "If it Lad been anybody bilt Peter, I should not have been surprised ; but I did not expect to see liim here." " What is there peculiar in Peter's caso ? what is the mystery ?" "Oh, yes, I forgot. Of courso you havo riot heard the story. If you liko I'll toll it you as we ride along." ; " Do ; I should much like to hoar it. But no ghost affairs if you please." " Well, whether it is what you would call a ghost story or not, I do not know, but hero it is." " * It is not the intention of the writer to re produce Charley's narrative mot a mot, but the following is the substance. ,* " You can see from where we standi tlrnt the ravine which opens on the opposite side of the fence is only about a quarter of a mile in length, and it terminates at the far end in an abrupt wall. You can also see that ledge which runs across the wall horizontally, and the cave which is situated ab&ve; tho centro of the ledge ?" , . . \ Ig,Yes, I caujotiake it all put; Tdistinctly," " Now the-llfdge is uarroV^,wliil6 theic&ste; inside is large and roomy. '"-JC .havo . never seen the interior of tho cave ; I have gained my information indirectly from the only man who is known to have visitod ifc." , \ i '; ' r ij?' .(To be Continued.) 