Silo Data. From illustrated bulletin 19 of The Wis consin Experiment Station, at Madieon, de voted c:lausivety to silo-building, filling crops for the purpose, etc., we extract the following notes, indicating that there is still room for much further invcstigation, notwithstanding the great amount of attention devoted to the subject during the last few years : \- The high temperature developed in the silo under present management means a breaking down and waste of food elements which should not be thus destroyed until within the animal body, where they could be utilised. How to provent any more heating than is essential to make enailage, if, indeed, any whatever is necessary, is a problem we have hardly attempted to solve, but which is certainly of great importance if further pro. gress is to he made. The heat generated by the fermentation is an indication of the losses occurring. We can not expect to take out of the silo a greater or even the same amount of nutritive matter as is placed in it, but by observing all possible precautions this loss can be reduced to its lowest point. "Sweet ensilage is produced neither by wilting the corn nor by allowing a day's fill ing to heat up to a certain temnoeratuve before more is added, but to the fodder corn having reached what may be called a natural state, and beieng less watery. "There is danger of relying too much on corn ensilage for maintaining the herd. If this practice is kept up we believe that serious resulta may ensue, for there is no single food in existence which is entirely satisfactory for any long period of feeding. "The silo goes with high-pressure farm. ing; those who are satisfied to carry no more cattle than can consume the straw and cornstalks usually produced on the farm, have little need of a change. The farmer who needs the silo is one who is carrying a large number of cattle upon a given area and needs more 'roughage' for them, Before adopting the silo many should change their system of farming." It is a well known fact that the different domestic animals of the farm all pull and eat their grass in different ways. This is partly due to several causes, such as the pre. dilection of each kind for particular grasses, and aversion to others, and also the arrange ment of the incisor teeth in the mouth, as well as the size of the muzzle itself. The sheep is one of the closest feeders we have; in fact, with the exception of the rabbit and the kangaroo, it will eat a pasture barer than any other animal. This is, of course, due to the small size of the mouth, together with the predilection for finer grasses. Next to the sheep comes the horse in this respect, for, although his month is large, yet the fact that he has teeth above and below enables him to bite close. It is very noticeable in a pasture where horses are alone, that they eat over the land very unequally. Some of the "eweeter" spots are nibbled into thevery roots, while other spots are not touched, but left rough. Cattle, on the other haid, have not only a large tinzzle,but also the absenci of upper teeth, so that, of neeessity, they cannot bite fine or close, and, therefore, we find with them that their grass is rougher and less bare in parts than with the others, A person pretending to have rean a ghost, was asked what the apparition said to him. "How should I know?" he replied; "I am not skilled in the dead languages." 