ATTEMPT TO MURDER TWO CHILDREN. At the Marylebone Police Court lately, Mary Edith Farnell, aged thirty, a married woman, of 143 High-road, Kilburn, was charged with attempting to murder her two children, Mary Eleanor, aged 3 years and 11 months, and Beatrice Isabella, aged 7 months, by strangling them. Mr. O. E. Bovrkor, solioitor, defended. A polioeman stated that he was in the High-road, Kilburn, about 6 o'clock on the previous evening, and was in formed that a murder had been committed at 143 High-road. He proceeded there, and went upstairs and broke open the door of the prisoner's room. On entering he saw two children on the floor with strings tied tightly round their neoks, and blood running out of the elder child's mouth. The string was out and a doctor sent for. The prisoner was looking at the children, and as he out the string she exolaimed, " For God's sake, don't out the string. Let them die; they will then be happy." (The prisoner wept bitterly as this was repeated.) Another policeman stated that he and two other constables applied artificial means of respiration to the elder child, who appeared to be uneonsoious, until the arrival of the doctor. Dr. John Charles Smith, of 2 Gascony-avenue, said he was called to the house and found the elder child in a state of insensibility, almost pulseless, and apparently not breathing. The artificial respiration was continued for half-an-hour, when it breathed freely. The insensibility wan probably the result of strangulation. If the police had not induced respiration, the children would most probably have died. Inspector Cooper said that the prisoner, after being cautioned, said, 441 was out of my mind when I did it. I did not know what I was doing. I wrote the letter (produced) about an hour ago. I did not think of killing them when I wrote it. I saw a ghost the other night, and had Mrs. Percy stayed with me this would not have happened. I have not known what I have been about for nearly seven mouths. People have teased me so, and I ivas threatened by a lot of people that thoy would kill me, aud I have not known what I have been doing since. I thought they had bettor go with me as I was dying." She was very much excited, and said she would like the children to die with her, as they were girls, and might, perhaps, go on the streets and fall into the hands of " Jack the Ripper." That namo she repeated many times. Henry Arthur Sansom, a medical man, of Eresby-road, Kilburn, said he wan called to the house to see the prisoner, who told him that she did not know what ahe should do. She repeated the name of " Jack tho Ripper" many times. That continued for ten minutes, and during that time she took no notice of what was said to her. He had examined her on the previous evening, and found no evidence of consumption. He thought from her condition that she had previously boon subject to melan cholia. The prisoner, a very respectable-look ing person, by the advice of her solicitor, pleaded not guilty, and reserved her defence. Mr. Cooke committed her for trial. 