-Intercolonial-Telegramsr [RVi MJ.»MAKLNt£ CAULK.) , ;y.;.'\i!<>-)~^T- '. www I tttOM OUR OWN OOIlllK^I'llNDBST.I.l l., , ,,- ,,.".:ü-'i i... s- 'i- in'"' VICTORIA. . ,, is MELBOURNE, Wkiinksimy. A Cations of'Liberal supper term' of the Government was held to-day, (the Chief Secretary presiding. Only 30 members were invited, and 24 attended. I Mr. Deakin made a short explanatory statement of the present position of affairs, ^mdjuigc<l_ i!ic_iisual formation of a party for the, coming elections. A resolution was passed containing Mr. Deakin as leader, and upon the question of coalition being discussed, It was decided that no steps be taken until the Coi comment programme was announced.' A committee was then appointed to draw up a party programme, and ''the caucus was adjourned until Tuesday morning next. The is all off. if". Butler, charged, with defalcations!, in the Registrar- General's Office was continued to-day, and a number of persons connected with insurance offices were examined, und their evidence, was' being continued when the court rose, bail being renewed.' i 'I i -An action arising out of the 'Mur ibyruong Estate was 'mentioned in Chambers to-day. Chas. D. Straker, ' caterer, Edmund Com- ber, agent, and brothers, formed themselves into a syndicate to purchase 240 acres, being half intends to nedbyT. Bentall. A., the other half being owned by V. E Selman. and Gustav Lachal. Plaintiffs paid each a deposit of £300, and each gave promissory notes to the extent of £3,982, and Comber, holding four slim es, gave notes for £15 1928. Plaintiffs now claim an injunction on the grounds ' of . miss represent the Don, to "pi event Scirnalibealing with the land or notes, and also a return of their deposits. Application granted; and a similar one will be made regarding Lachal to-morrow. Five battalions of cadets paraded in Albert Park to-day, when Lady Loch presented them with new colours made by herself and daughters. m s TI a Customs department has sent an inspector of explosives and staff to the scene of the wreck of the schooner Neptune off Pearl Point, iu<;o(der to- secure cases of dynamite which have been washed ashore or may be floating about. The Marine Board Ms hold an inquiry concerning the wreck of the Neptune, and found that the loss of the vessel was caused by negligent navigation of Captain Rice and V. Hodg- son, the mate. The former's certificate was suspended for two years and the latter's for one year. The new Roman Catholic college at Ballarat, to be called the Holy Ghost ; College, was opened with ceremony yesterday by Archbishop Carr, in the presence of the Bishop of Ballarat At and a large gather ingot clergy and laity. 1 Mr. J. Campbell, Postmaster General in the Service Coalition' Ministry, has decided to oppose Mr. Thos. Bent, leader of the Opposition, for the Brighton seat. Sailed Flinders, ss., for Launceston. Passengers-Saloon : Rev. A. Hardie, Rev. B. C. Hadlow es, Dr. Groves and Mrs. Groves, Rev. Mr. and Mrs. Presley, Rev. WAH. Bowe, Mr. and Mrs. Munday, Mr and Mrs. Shaw, Mr. and Mrs. Wakefield, Mr. and Mrs Pope, Mr. and Mrs. Binnie, Mesdames Johnson, Pressley, Lumpy, Hate; Misses Kelsey, Pope, Downie, Binnie, Warner : Messrs. McCallum, Morley, Brigg, Allport, Cuiiham, Gladstone, Cams, Edmondson, Rennel, Ewing, W. Binnie, Donaldson, Stewart, Chapman, Stockham,' flowers,- Kelly, Welnutter,' Thompson, Nogler, Telfer, Blayney (2), Oldfield, Miller, Jenkyn, Bell, Beal, Davey, Turner, Batten, and 40 in the 'steorago.^V'î ,_' / > Commercial. Wheat market firm. Sales to 4s, 7d. Flour unchanged. Feed > grains, Calcutta oats to 3s. 4d.; Tartarian, 3s 5d!; stout New Zealand, 3s. > 9d.; seed, 4s. Barley, 6s. 3d.; peas, 4s. Old. 