ONE STORY IS GOOD TILL ANOTHER IS TOLD. By Beandek Matthews and George II. J.Essor. . 7 [From Harper's Magazine.] : ■ II.—THE STATEMENT OF MR; '' TIMOTHY DWYER DICTATED TO A STENOGRAPHER liY ADVICE OF HIS COUNSEL. £ I always was . counted a paceable, ‘aisygoin’ man, an’ there isn’t a black dhrop in me veins, nor niver was, an’ all I’m sayin’ here to-day is thrue, an’ nothin’ less, be vartue o’ me oathi An’ whin I tell ye what that fluffy-faced, ^kitten-headed pmadhawn done to me: ye’ll wonder that I left a whole bone in his body, an’ be token I wouldn’t, if I hadn’t a heart in me as soft as the 7-J;;belly of a eel. : it goes widout sayin’ that whin there’s a ruction the man in the check' jumper ’ll be in the wrong of it, whin the man in the tall hat an’ spec's is as innocent as an onconfessed angel—at laste that’s always the way of it whin the cops take a hand, an’ that’s why I’m on me defince now, when av I’d ha’ done as I’d a right, I’d ha’ bruk his neck wid the first skelp, an’ then divil a. word he’d ha’ let on about the matther at all at all. To.-begin i .wid• the beginning—an’ they say that’s the best way whin ye have a long story to tell—I’ve bin keep in’ company off an’ on for two year wid Kitty Maloney, her brother bein’ an ould towny o' mine, an’ the girl herself a daccnt slip enough, wid an eye like a young cowlt, and plinty to say for her self. .We ■: niver had no cross nor quarrel all the time we were coortin’" exceptin’ the thrubblc the widdy llooney med, an’ sure wans’t I got a .. quiet minnit wid Kitty, an’ put the i commelher on her, she never would belave that the wind o’ the word iver passed betune mesilf an’ the widdy, an’ . !:she doesn’t belave it till this day. Not but what the widdy’s a gallus piece in her own way, but she’s not in the same strate wid Kitty—no, an’ I’m sayin’ it on oath, not widin a thousand mile o’ her. But, as I was sayin’, there niver was the cross look betune Kitty an’ mesilf, barrin’ the continiptuous little ruction the widdy riz, an’ I was workin’ hard an’ doin’ fine gettin’ ready for the day whin I’d haul the colleen home, whin this thrubble kem on me, an’ divil re save the minnit’s pace or quiet I’ve had since. '■■■ - I had bin out in the counlhry a little step—at' a beootiful place up the Hudson River, where I’ve a brother o’ mine' boordin’. His work' does be very confinin’, poor fellow, an’ whin I want to see him I have to go visit him. :Well, that’s neither here nor, there. It : Mwas middlin’- late when I got home, an’ afore I retired I thought it well to look at me chickens, for I’d been away all the evenin', an’ there’s a gang o’ coons .beyant the Bullyyard ud smell a JK'igrettrin’ feather quicker nor you could ha’ singed wan. By rason o’ the onnayborliness o’ me naybors I’ve been kapein’ the chickens under the cellar o’ a house I’ve taken charge of. They . . complained o’ me—that is, the naybors r did, not the chickens—by rason o’ the roosters crowin’ in the mornin’, which is nothin’ more nor the nature o’ the baste, an’ what’s to be expected of every dacent fowl. Be that as it may, -I small- and-—tape—the - craythurs packed away in a dark base ment, vvid, a careful eye outfall1 the "while .for. Dutch. Peter.,the cop, who niver was known to ax to stir a burglar or a goat or anriy other dangerous baste, but he’s a howly terror on fowls. Well, I went-in and counted the hens,! as well as I cud in the dark, an’ the j craythurs just sat there an’ clucked , fair > 'an? aisy, as jnuch as! to say, “ Tim, ma bouchla, niver fear; we’ll raise no row to get,ye into .thrubble.” •. "It was late annyway, as I scd. Well, all of a suddint comes the screech of a whistle let off so dose to me that it med me jump three fut in the air, an’ wid that a flash o’ light that almost .tuk the sight front me eyes.’ ’ Well,' I was that scared that I didn’t know which way to luk, an’ it was a good piece afore I cud be sure I wasn’t shot, for the flash was like a pistol. But a thunderin’ b:g rooster, worse scared nor I was, tuk me a clout : 1 on the side of the head that brought me back to me wits agin, for ye see the crathurs, were that put about be the suddint light thrift they were back an’ forward like divils. I med out o’ that as hard as I cud pelt, an’ it was the mercy o’ Providence I thought o’ the coons, an’ locked the dure afther me. Now, ye’ll say that was a middlin’ queer thing to happen to a dacent man, an’ he cornin’ back from Sing Sing, but that wasn’t only the beginnin’ of it. If it had bin a will-o’-the-wisp, an' I’d ha’ bin an acre o’ bog, that little light, bad (j cess to it! cudn’t ha’ bothered me more. Afther I’d got out of the place an’ left the chickens to get over their fright the best way they cud, what was the nixt most nateral thing for a man to do under them sarcumstances? Wid the heart put clane acrost in me, an’ the sowls o’ me feet an’ the palms o’ me hands as cowld as Christmas Eve there was nothin’ to be done but the '/wan thing. I didn’t know of anny ’ place I cud get it nigher at hand nor Barney’s, on the corner, for it was ’' gettin’ purty late, an’ anny wan that had a license or a character to lose was in bed long ago. But divil a hair did Barney care for character, an’ the license he had was no good annyhow. Kitty’s wan o’ Father Mathew’s girls, an’ hates a glass o’ whiskey worse nor she does a Protestant, but sure I’m not tellin’ Kitty all I do, an’ av I did she rr.wotildn’t- belave it. An’ as for the "pledge,I tuk to plaze her, why, the good intention is everything, as Father Brennan says, and sure my inlintions is always good, av I only have the luck to stick to them. There was a purty middlin’ crowd in Barney’s, an’ Billy Power wanted to ■'"hear all: the latest news about me brother Paudeen. I dun know if I mintioned that Paudeen was irt thruble by rason of an unfortinale accident that ..happened , him awhile ago, whin a gintleman’s watch-chain got twisted round pie brother’s slave-button sofne way. I niver got the rights o’ the story, anf the. cops, who always belave the worst of a man, med out that it was stealin’ it he was. They tuk his forty graft, an’ there never was a Dwyer so ^•disgraced since me father, rest his soivl, was transported for shape-staling’; but sure that’s an honorable profession over there, as ye’d know if ye knew'anny thing about the ould counthry. •Well, to come back to me ' dhrink ! r Billy Power was titratin’, like the dacerit /.gintlbman he is, :air’ Fluid me elbow, as it might be, half-ways crooked, an’ the glass on a level; wid: the top' button 6’ me vest, when—whirrush! in runs a cop; Dutch Peter himself, divil a less an such a surprise ye niver seen in yer life. Men duckin’ .an’ duckin’ for a place to hide, an’ good liquor left stand in’ on the bar as if it was as common as muddy wather in Ballinasloe Fair. I liad me prisince o’ mind, for I was up to Barney’s thricks, an’ sure enough afore ye cud say “ Howly Moses,” he chucked a string he has behind his bar, that works some yoke to the gas fixtures, an’ out goes the light, an’ there we are. As I sed, I was lookin’ out for that, an’ I hadn’t let go me howlt of me dhrop o’ dhrink, so I was just takiri’ it down fair an aisy, whin may I niver ate another bit if that same flash didn’t ketch me square bctune the eyes an’ mostly blind,me. I had sinse enough to swally down the whiskey wid it all, an’ that gimme courage to look, an’ I seen the yoke they were shoptin’ at me; not like anny pistol ever I seen, but more like a tin canister nor that, av yer cud fancy a tin canister loaded up wid blazes, instead o’ biskit. Now, there were no hens there at all at all. It was mesilf they were aimin’ at, an’ if. they were goin’ to folly me about all over the town wid their ould j tin canister, an’ pelt at me whiniver they seen me,' I’d put it to anny rasonable man if I’d have e’er a bit o’ comfort out o’ me life at all. , I. got out; o’ that place purty quick, an’ I didn’t stop to see if Barney was arrested this time, but its apt he was, for the place was closed whin I got back, an’; Barney 'does be most gineraliy arristed the latther part of the wake.. Some people have the height o’, rispict for Barney, but more doesn’t like a bone in his skin. If it wasn’t for the pull he has, I think they’d hang himf-rrdivil a doubt o’ it. But av this is to be a statement o’ why I fetched young fluffy-face a clout on the lug, I dun know if Barney has much to do wid it. Afther lavin’ the saloon I hung around the best part o’ the night, an’ in the mornin’ I tuk a turn down as far as Nineteenth Strate. The mornin’s an illigent hour for medi tation av ye’re disturbed in mind, an’ the sarvant girls do be shakin’ out the dure mats along about the same time. Kitty Maloney works in a boordin’ house, an’ I’ve no doubt does it well, for she’s a raal sinsible slip. Well, sure enough, whin I come round the coiner who should 1 see but Kitty, lookin’ mighty plazed at the sight o’ me an’ beckonin’ me wid her door mat the same as if it was the flag of ould Ireland. ‘ Good mornin’, Tim,’ :sez she. : ‘ An’ the top o’ the mornin’ to yer silf, Kitty,’ sez I. : ‘ An’ thin what ails ye ?’ sez she. ‘Is it a ghost ye’ve seen, or what, you look that white ?’ ‘ Kitty,’ sez I, ‘ there’s no tellin’ what I’ve seen : but down on yer bended knees an’ be thankful ye see me on two feet this day, for it’s shot an’ wounded I’ve been.’ ‘ Is it shot?’sez she. 1 Divil a less,’ sez I, 1 for I seen the flash, an’ I’ve that confusion of intillict that they all do have from a wound in the head.’ Wid that she begun 'to laugh, an’ said it was what I’d been drinkin’; but I to wid her that I was a total abstin ence son of Father Mathew, an’ that no wan knew that ybcUher noi sbe did, ~n she’d druv me to sign the pledge her silf. /An’ then I up/anVtbwld her all about the tin , canister an’ the fire flashes. She didn’t take much stock in it. Wimmin is quare annyhow, and I’ve seen her . take on worse over,-, a-; little sthrokc of a shillalah across me head nor she did over all the dangers I’d bin through. But she had her own talk to let out that mornin’, for she was just leppin to go to the Shamrock ball that night, an' she was bound that I should take her. 1 Wid a heart an’ a half, Kitty,’ sez I; for she was a very presintible young woman entirely to take to the like; ‘wid all my heart/ But.sure what will the old womarfsay?’. That was the ould girl that run that hashery, an she always 'bad a lick o the rough side of her' tongue for me whin iver she seen. me. :/ ‘ Lave me alone/sezJvitty, ‘ sure me aunt in Brooklyn isn’t dead yet.' Begorra she must be the tough ould shtrap, thin, sez 1/for: more be token she’d been an pled that aunt to her mistiness ivery time she wanted to get out wid me for a year or’more. An wid that we settled it, not forget tin a taste of a kiss to-keep us good tempered; an sure where’s the harm in the like, when there’s’ not a sowl, barrin a milk wagon, on the block ? Kitty got her lave fast enough to go to her poor sick aunt, an waswaitin lor me below the grocer)’. Relations is a great convanience av ye use them right. Well, be the time we’d been at the Shamrock a couple of . hours,; an had welted the flure middlin lively, accord in as we could humor the chune o the band, there was no gayer lad nor mesilf in North Americy, an I’d clane forgotten to think o- the tin canister all the avenin; though I cudn’t get out o the notion that the fellow meant me some divilment yet, an maybe ud chance to howld the yoke a thrifle straighter nixt time he seen me. I was givin Kitty a taste o refrish ments—divil a much betther it was nor buttermilk—whin who should, come in an stand right forenist us but the widdy Rooney. She had mischief in her eye, an I knew she was up to some thavin thrick when she spoke so swate to Kitty. Good : avenin, Miss Maloney. Ye’re havin an illigent dance, I thrust, sez she. . .. . I. can’t deny, sez Kitty, very brisk an spirited. --The.; same to yersilf, ma’am, an many of them. So they went at it hariimer an tongs, the way two wimmen will do whin they can’t talk too much-blarney an wish too much harm to wan another, and these two was so mortial handy at it .that I’d as liefthry and kape the, pace'between a bull an a holly bush. . At last the .widdy turns to me, an sez sez she,. A,.word wid ye, Mr Dwyer, av ye plaze,.- - / . Sartirily, ma’am, .sez T, wid all the pleasure in life, though it’s ould Nick himself I’d rather be goosterin wid that minnit. I’m goin to write to Miss Canby to morrow, sez she. Miss Canby’s the ould maid that . kapes the boordjn house where Kitty works.. I’m goin to write to;Miss:;Canby, an'Iet her know what a luighty-jilisiht avenin our frinds are bavin, here.': ./" An for what would ye .do the like o that, ma’am? sez.I, the same as av I didn’t know it was for spite. 1 For fun an for fancy, sez she, an slic laughed that. plazed that I ..knew she'd i do it, an av it had ha bin annywhere else but in a mighty silict ball, I think I‘d ha twisted her neck. For fun an for fancy, an just to aise folk’s minds in regard to the health of that very re spectable woman Mrs Maloney’s aunt in Brooklyn beyant. Wid that she went off sniggerin an titterin, as if she’d said somethin very smart, an I went back to Kitty. But girls, the best o thim, is little betther off nor hens in the matther o sinse, an she'was that mad, or pur tended to be,; becase I spoke to the widdy, that I had to waste the best part o an hour an sivin dances tryin to soother her. The calleen was scared enough, all the same, whin I did get tellin her. Is it write to Miss Canby ? she sez, all of a thrimble. Divil a less, sez I, thryin to give it her so I wouldn’t frighten her. Och, millia murther ! she‘11 turn me out, sez she widout as much of a character as ud make a pair o blankets for a flea. Suppose she does itself? sez I; but I knew all the time that Kitty set great store be her situation ; though I wouldn’t ha given a nickel for a dozen 0 them. She must be stopped from writin, sez she. ^ Kitty, me darlint, sez I, av ye had as much cxpariencc wid widdies as I‘ve had, ye‘d know {bat_the divil himself cudn't do that. ._ Well, av we cud get howlt o the letther, sez she. That might be" done, sez I. 'I‘U hang round when.the postman comes to-morrow. An what'll ye say-to him whin ye see him, avick ? sez shej^ Lave that to 'me,' sez I. Av that limb of a widdy writes to Miss Canby, she‘11 do it to-morrow; an I'll hang around an watch' close for the letther, ’ an let you do the .same. Ye know the widdy's writin, I sup pose, Tim ? sez she, so innocent an on concerned like, that I slaps out wid, To be sure ; why riot ? widout thinkin. An mortial sorry T.'was when she sez, HoJ ho! sez she. So you've been re-; savin letthers from the widdy, have ye ? Never think it,..acushla, sez I. But sure iverybody ud know a widdy's letther. An how would they do that, sez she. | Becase a widdy always writes wid red ink, as is well known. They darn't write wid black ink for fear folks ud think they was mournin loo much afthcr the first husband, an that ud spoil the nc\V market. 1 It tuk time an a good dale o solid, sinsiblcjalk to make her belave that; but I got her home quiet an aisy afther awhile. The next day I dhropped round for a word while the boorders were fillin up above stairs—it's always a mighty pace ful time in a boordin house—an Miss Kitty towld me a mighty quare thing. It wasn't about the widdy. She'd done nothin yit; but I wasn't goin to thrust her,'for Kitty set dispirit store about her not writin to the ould maid. No; it was about another sarcumstance altogether. ■ The girl wint at it this way. Tim, sez’ she, whin are ye going to give me that fortygraft ye promised Tare and ages, Kitty ! seTT, for she was alwayslaxin for the same thing, till she had me worcf qut; is it off on that ould tack.ye are agett,? Sure ye know that I nive'f,„had me.pictur tuk, an niver will. - An why not, Tim.,? sez she. Sure I’ve seen uglier faces’ nor yours in the shop windies: T> Uglier ye have, I don't doubt, sez I. But, be this and be'that, ye’ll never see moine there; Think -’o the disgrace o the like to,a dacent boy ! ! Faitlvan-I can't-see the disgrace, sez she. v Is it not'see it ?,sez I. To be put up there fortlie polis;anny time they want me? Noj'Kitty; ny ;iver I have the misfortin» to kill a man, I'm willin to suffer for-it', as becomes a Dwyer; but wan man jikwan family is enough to be disgraced1,that way Ah, sure-enough. Ye towld me yer brother wasy fortygrafted. I wonder how he studiit ? sez she.. Begorra he stoocL it rowlin on the flure, sez I. That-.was how he stud it. For there were three men howldin him; an a docthor, wid some bowld divil they called Annie Sthetic,' all on to him at the wanst, an sure ivliat could the poor fellow do ? ' Well, Tim, sez Kitty, spakin middlin comical, I'll forgive ye this lime; for I have yer pictur, an’ an illigant likeness it is. And wid that'she showed me, up to me own face an eyes, a mane little pictur o' mesilf tuk wid a glass o' liquor at me lips, and Billy Power alongside o' me, wid his big mouth open an his ould caubeen on the back of his head, a? nateral as life. I declare, there was a minnit I aidn't know whether I was slapin or fy’in ! Well, now, Kitty, sez I. purty soon, ye can see that's not me wid a whiskey glass, for ye know I niver touch the like. It's powerful like ye, Tim, sez she, laughin. Ah, to think o'. yer seein poor Pau deen in his disgrace, sez I, an that big mouthed docthor alongside o' him ! Ah, there's no knowin where a man ‘11 land whin he begins by having his fortygraft tuk. Oh, its yer brother's pictur, sez she, He has a great luk o ye thin. Powerful, sez I; an that satisfied her, for she had niver seen him; but I had, an it didnt satisfy me near so good, for Paudeen no more favors me nor a wisp o straw favors an ould black kettle. It was aisy enough to contint Kitty, for sure there was the liquor to prove to her it cudnt be me; but I was bothered intirely, an felt like the praste that the girl kissed widout his ever mistrustin that she'd done it. Where in the world could they have ketched me to stale a pictur off o me, an I niver guess .the wrong bein done me? ... . I looked closer at the fortygraft, an I saw a thin edge • o a; face wedged in wan corner;.'nothing but the grin on wan lip of it showin; but I cudnt be mistook in that. grin. It was Barney. An wid.: that:the hyliole thing lepped at me like a iEvink, an I had it. The tin canister.aruthe .flash o light and the whole bedivilment o the other night kem to me, an I seen how Id bin abused. But I got off purty aisy, con siderin what deternined vilyans they was; for I looked close at the pictur, an divil a sign o the hens cud I see, good nor bad. The bell rung while I was talkin to Kitty, and she had to lave me to go crack eggs or the like for the boorders. If iver I had to take boorders, I’d liefer feed pigs; they have nothin to say agin their vitals, and they take whativer yeve a mind to give 'em, besides bein more betther money's worth in the long run. Annyhow, I had to lave suddint that minnit, for I heerd Miss Can by‘s voice on the stairs. I walked uptown fair an aisy, an whin I got to the comer o Sixtieth Strate, who shud I see but the widdy Rooney, and she just dhroppin a letther into a lamp-post. The top o.the morning to ye, maain, sez I. Its. airly ye arc. sendin.valen tines. . . ' ; ’ "She gev mp; a; wicked’'soort o a grin. I like to be m good time, Tim Dwyer, sez she. "... Wid that I' knew she had done it, ah that she had been writin her lyin let ther. to Miss Canby; for Id liefer she did lie about the colleen itself nor tell the trut, for the trut maybe full as damagin as a lie, an its harder work upsettin it. I seen a letther-carrier wid whom I had enough of an acquaintance to wish him the time o day, an I towld him Id just mailed a highly important doccyment to Nineteenth Strate, an what time wud it be delivered. A few minhits afore eight o'clock in the avenin, sez he; an wid that I seen now I cud euchre the ould cat, an sure enough I wud ha cuchered her, and no wan a haporth the wiser, av it,-hadn't been for that divil of a flash that kem jist in time to mek all thus thrubble. ‘ I was hanging around the dure of. No. go—that's the house in Nineteenth Strate—a quarter afore eight, an Kitty, • the crathur, was watchin me out o the front basement, for she's niver so .happy as whin she kin have her'eyes .on me. It was middlin dark whin the postman ‘ kem around ; I cud hear his whistle, and I run up an.hid jist inside, the front dure. ' Well, ' I stipped ' oiit1 to mate him as bowld ns brass, the same, as av I owned the block, an he handed.. me three or four letthersall in a bunch, Did anny wan iver hear tell o the like ? A lone woman widout a man to her name gettin all them letthers at a lick', 'the: same" as if she was .the’. Prisi dint, jist a purpose to confuse me !■ I was considtherin that I‘d betther tear them all up, for thin I‘d be sure o the widdy's letther annyhow, whin; bang! may I niver ate another bit av some one didn't shoot' me from right acrost. the strate. Yes, sir; there it was; the, same ould flash leppin up an the same ould tin canister, only this time I wasn't scared so much as I was mad. I seen the whole thrick. This fellow was follyin me round staling picturs o me. Very"apt he had mc'likeriess among all the chickens, or he'd given it to Dutch Peter as ividence agin jne, an I knew he had me cot drinkin whiskey afther hours. But ;tl}is ,-timie.I; was breakin no law, only puttin a stop to mischeevious letthers, so I didn't give a trauneen for him.'- -T-' jist: tuk a flyin lape down out o the stoop, an I was acrost the state afore ye cud say whillaloo. ; Be vartue o me oath, I only hot him the three licks—wan to knock him down, wan to sthraighthen him up whin he was Tallin, an wan more to lay him down steady, an quiet :while .1. smashed the murtherin ingine he had; ah av.JLleft a: bit 6 !thiit bigger’-nor a bit o wood, 1‘m.willin. to.go to jail ifer it. I niver‘ hot- him ’ but the three blows, an he'd been, parsecutin o me for nights. Av I'd bin a man o violent timper there's no sayin but I might jha hurt him, but there was no satisfaction in b'atin the like. He was shuk wid the first lick, an all ran together like a’ spoonful, o milk curd, squealin' far ;all the world .like a shot hare. , They tell - me I blacked his eyes an lift a singin in his - ears he-mayn't git over in' a month. A black eye! That's a purty ': thing to mek a fuss about. I've known daccnt boys ud be ashamed to be seeri': goin home from a dance, or a wake widout a pair o them. An as for his; ears—bad cess to them—it's little ehough alongside o my character disgraced be his fortygraftin. ■ That's all I have to say, an is a thtue statement o' why I bruk his infernal yoke an .sthroked his.,fluffy head for; him. He's tuk me face,’ that is me own property annyhow,- an lift it lyin ro“hd to disgrace' me, for,KittyAowld wo she found it in his room that morni-h for lie boords in wid ould Miss CaN>y- He’s bro't the mowllin disaisc o’111 e ^owl by the scare he gev 'em, an he cost me tin cents to go to mass, /or I didn't know but what the divil wasnfther me, flashin fire- at me in qunre places iii the dark, an in close bouts wid me sow]. .If that yoke o' his her takes a piclur.agin, it ‘11 be because the divil us in it; an if anny one bla-’ies die for what I've done, all I a>- - them is to put theirsilves in me pl?ce, an see how they'd like it thini jilves. Av ye can square this thing wid. the young man, I’d let him off an not take the'.law o‘ him for felonious fbrtygrafts; for Kitty's lost her place-wid Miss Canby, an we'll get. married' Sunday very apt av I dont be locked up for this night's work. But sure what can they do to me, widout they mek it ouMliat silf-defince is a crime in New York. 