The Micbiglit Prophecy OB, HEIR OP STRATHSPEY TOWEBS. T- Jiy Emma Garrison Jones. OllAPTEll l.VIIL TIIR RinDER. WATCH TOWrJl. Awav up on the bleakest and wildest portion nf tho North country const, there B'onrt, at tlie lime of our tbiry, a pile of gray o'd roina. known by the name -A the Border Watch Tmrcr, because of a tall turret or tower, wlreh loi med np above the main structure, and f.-om u'hich, in flays gone by, the border wariiors were wont io recounoitp.r the tnn*.ementB of their enemy. The snn- ounii jog C'iniitrv was very bleak and desolate, and the old castle with its ruined drawbridge and stagnant mo&t;, end crumbling battliincntB, was perhajs the dreariest- and most uucannv nld place within the length and hreadlli o'f England, For ages it has been utterly de Ecrterl, save by the bits anil owle, and the ghosts of the mailed warriors, who used tn h«ld their nightly revels in its spacious hall'. On one *-idp, its gray and mouldy parapets looked dowu into the sullen waters of Solwny Fir 111, and CD the other hanil, outstretched a b'igliicrl heath, ntterly sterile ami ve'durelen dotted I.ere »r.il there with dwarfed oiks and l-l-ck thorn binlies, mid bounded lyalcdgeof wi'ri. rocky dills. Under the base of (hoe habited, so they assertrd, hy a wierdold man, with fiery eyes »nd fl.minn; heard, whose life, like that if the Wandering Ji-w. was endless ; nnd who pnssrscd moreover, the ubiquity i.l Arm dem ; appearing n:drtbe shallow of the black thorns at one niHinelit, ai-d away up nn the 1-eetliug summit ..f .be bald cliffs in the next. In the dead cf nipht^ the Bame night on vhifh our last chapter closed, a carriage rolled rapidly up the hma'l avenue that led to this giim oM Watch Tower, The iuimcnBc gates etood wide npen. ps they bail been standing, tia doubt, fur half nrWeu years ; and Uie carriages rirove in, and over the mouldy 6 ig* dtoDea, up to the front entrance. The d.irer leaped from Ins box, ncd threw open the carriagf door. He was a til', dark man, with an ugly fare. and n dark Gear i.ke a sabrecul aero;* his. i^Iii tempii.. Here we a e, my lonl. he said. Lord Airbus put his bend out and looked about him. Dark as a don^eun, li' frjaculaterl, with a slight ehii'Mrr, as hie even ruvfd over the gimt gray pile of ruin p, looming up before ln'in is, the Entnmer Btarliyht. S'pose you run np and fcnock, Berket, and be eure you're all li^ht. The m»n asccndml the lonp flight of stone step*, which led io an ar-liid doorway, and proceeded to ponnd lnBii'y. At fiiet rn'y the bats and owls, B'arOed tuttit th- \r rooslh, made any sound in response, tie kurcked again, with the lnata-1 end of his nip. Ml -he imply halls within ra* g viih the sound. Ten minuUs pa*se1t and then a round of footsteps ccliond within, and preseutly, after a great clatter nf holts and bare, the tnafsive doors swung can'iouEly open, and the dried and wrinkled f-cj of an old woman looked Wha'a that ? she demanded id strong Scotch accents, one hand en tlie door, 2nd (ho other 00 the head of au immense bloodhound that crouched at her side with blood ehot eyes, and Ted, half-open jiwu. Me, Mother O*it-pelht me, to be urn ! cried Be- ket ; the day o' judgment might comp, an' yeVJ never know. Why. I've been pciin-ling here art hour. 1 tiearn ye, responded the old woman, Be the yo»ng laird coom ? fieiket nodded as he tamed and ran down the Bteps. All light, ycr lordship, he cal!?.! at the doar of the oairiogp. Lord Angus lecped oat with Maggie in his : - arms. Theprorp'l had given over re istante. t The sight of ihe driver's «i.krd face, and of p the grim and phoatlv old hniliing, awed her I into silent obedience. Her hce was as « bite p-'; as the ynnng moonlight that began to shimmer f on the ticuttish peaks, nnd her eyeB wore a : solemn stHrtled expression. If heaven did not inlt'j ose aud unvc her, &he; was lost. The young man sit her ftct upon the mudily Jv- fl»^»stoi)ts( nnd drawing her hand tnrciigh his K . urm, led her along li; bis tiilc. They amended We£?~ ? the Btt-ps Btid approached -hc door, M-herc the Kfc; old woman anniti -1 them with a dim lantern ^g| in her har.d. At Hie sipht of them, thn blood H^-. hound uttered a terrible gruwi, sod moved ?K tterithi'iy fornnni. ^B^. Doon, ye brute — doon thiB min⁢ ! com |B^; manded the old woman. IP He crawled back in an instant, and thr old ||£ wnman cinie forward, her leaden eyes lighting W.-~ at the sight of Lor 1 Strathspey's face. ™r I dinna be tore it -vas yer Jairdshi.n, she s.ii,I touching his arm wish ber ' it'hered hand '; but 1 know it's y- reel' now. Yer a braw lad now. Tis mony a year since me auld eyei had sight of ye. A braw ycung laird ye lie. \- Lord Angus shook - ff her hand with an oath, Bush yiur gibber, will you ? he criod harahlr. Uo you roean to keep me out here all i.it'l.t 1 The old eirature hurried back, nllnwing him : . ' to pnss in, wfch a lonk of pain and diea) poiut ;- ' fnent in her jeaden eyes like that we often see : The young leddy'* room be all ready, she. l r, said, humbly. Will ye go right up now, or— ^ ' Itipht up nrw, interrupted the ynung peer. t . ? lesiA ibu w»y. ' Sbc obeyed in bilerce, goiQg before tlum up the grrtt oaken staircase, the blood-hound ' . croochtnL' along at her heels. She p^nB(d mid way the gieat hall that ran from ihe hesd of ^ Ibe stairs, between two h-wb of ch&mbere; that ^ -had once 1-ecn veiy ^rand nnd stately and E talii.g stcy from her pocket, unlocked and B' i opened one of the carved onken doors. Lord p Stralhvpey, wilh Maggie in hie arm, followed I her into a large and haideomit apartnont. In I its day. this old stale chamber had bern a rr.nginffcnt onr, but now the tanostry was ' faded and molb-eaten, lats bunowed bfJtilid tbe rarved waiuBcot. and ihe bronze candle sticks aud ornaments on tho mavble mantel weicgicen witji mnnli!. The rich furniture. ' too. ctf an antique Btvle, was sadly decayed and faded, and tbe great Turkish rng in tbe centre of the 0 lor cent up little puffs of dust at every trucli of Iheir feet. The fnliUry candle that burned on tho ? manlel iLnsir a f.im ncd gbusllr liglit in-o the 'y . ' distant comers of the vast room, where s.u :-,''..'*'' imntenso bed^nprcarvd itstlf like a mountain, '\~ ; all drapad.willi faded velvet, nr.d harcly dig '??;? closed UjMim portraits ofsomedeadaud gone v, --,; ' jace tliaintdomed tho walls. ;; s.v .'.;...-'. Alto^eiher it was cb dreary and tomb-like a ij*.; f v' . cbanberaa one can poraiWy imginc. SQ'-'' f ? '?'? ? ' Lord Angus lead bis lovely y-ung prisoner ?(.y.ti.i' iDto this hauuted old staU--chainber and Syjvi^- '?» ' seated her, with a liow of in ck-ng giUaijtry, W%'i?rr'-' ??' on the rtlvot concll . thai fiilcd out c-.n.er. feStS'S ???'.? :~ Then lie turned Io the old woman that stood Sf^SiK: just within the doorway, her cyc» following ?'?KSSrij--' ?-??-'- .?-' ??' him wilh thitiurions, eaper look. PSJi'ji- 3C'.: ?: Give me the key, he eaiil, roughly, and take fgf$&*i&*f--v-S yonrteVfliff. I can find my w»y down. S®S^jS%^. ?':.-??? She obeyed without a «ord, and wi b the ^%0£im-?i&ey; in his hand the yooni mi turned Io fe^^3l'i?*®^SK_au«l locU*.iltViid day »md uLUt that j!d [ crone and her lilon.Jh^und iriJJ oland gnird to prevent your ef c -pe. Yon see there is no hope for you. Mapgie uttered no word iu answer. Eho Bat motion I e6s nn the od'e nf the moth-oaton sofa, her face white and rigid, ber sweet brown eyes stony with horror and deppair. The young lord's heart relented a little as he looked, at her. I don't like to do this, he conticurd, hi« tone Eofteniog a6 he ppol c ; I want to be cood Io yon, Maggie— it is all yonr oirn fault. The are free. I want you to think it over to night and make up your mind to like me — you can easily enough it you wi'l. I shall come to EQe you otrly in the morning, and if you'tl su' Ihe word we uill he married at once, and 1'tl take yon hack to your father us the Countess of Strathspey Towcib. Still she ultercduo word in response, but sat in thAt white, stony silence. The young man cnuld not hear to look at her, and he turned toward the door. tired'' I'll 'Jo down and send G»'ynne\h np with some supper and a glass of wine, an I you'll feel better to-morrow. Good ..i-.-ht. He lingered pi\ instant, hoping she would spesk, bur.shedi.l not. and he went oat. closing and locking the door after him. And Maggie v, as left alotiu a prisoner in this great, ghostly old chamber. CIIAITUK LIX. THE SECOT. The Earl o[ Strathspey left Kavcnswold on ihe tenth of September to makes ran down to London and return io time for his daughter's marriage, which was appointed to tike place on thf twenty-third. He had various commis B'ons to execute, busi* ess matters to Arrange, imd the marriage settlements to attend to. In «dilitioo. the carl wishPrt to consult with bis solicitor, in regard to the expediency of disinheriting, or disowning rather, tbe young man who had so long been known as his son. The subject was a very painful one, but Lord Stra:hspcy was not the man to shirk what he considered to be his duty, do mutter 1Op™'Cydav?bo'rgbyh*nrf ihe conviction that the boy was not his son. that he had been deceived ami imposed upon, crew npnn him ; and while lie rejoiced to believe that so dc pra\t nn-* unpromising a jottng nian ^ras in truth no son ot tits, it w&s; a teel ing of ketn jiain that he thought of rcLOiiucing He was fixed 10 1 . i ^ deter tnination, &od; etartrd down to London to look into the mutter and see what con'd b^ done, Imrnediately after the murriafd of hi= daughter he proposed hai ing the remains of his wife diEtiuierred and removed to the grand Imiial place at Stralhvpey Towers. That done, his life-woilc was ended, And nothing remaiucd for him but death. He pur posed leaving England in all probability for Thos tbe earl purpofod doing, as he stood on the platform at the Perth railway, waiting impstientiy for the 'xpress train to Jjondoii, but a triti.iig incident, or &b;&U; ue say a pro v'dence, which vorks, even through the wrath of evil men, to ncc«mp1isli ai.d perfect itB The earl received a letter ; a yellow en. v? lope, directed in a tcran'Vmg band, and de leveled l-y a dark man, wilh a Babre cut over bis right temple. 0c tore it open a trifl.- impatiently, and read its contents. It ran thus : II the Earl nf St'albspev will come to the oIJ css'Jc called ' Tho B.-'der Watch Tower, ? he may learn something in regard to ms own HlSOWSfOB, musrdthe peer, wnll.inf; up np and ilowo. What can it mean. I wonder ! I've h«lf a mind to go nnd kic. I know the old castle well. I'.y Jove. 1 will go ! He turned on I ia her), while, the ezprers and half-an-hour later he wss aboard a pas senger train, hound for the North conutry border. Be got oiTat Bawick. under th' shadow of the Cheviot Hills, and finding r.o b.tter mode of travelling at hind, after tusking a hasty dinner, he secured a Beat in a .mail-coach, uhich would convey him within a few milts cf the ruins. With every mile he travelled, his impatienrn increased. His ow:* son ! Me kept repeating the words river and over, with snm -thing like a thrill of pleasure He had been so deceiver], and l;ffl,d. aod dumproi'.te I - what if at Uet his verv vwn son was to be rcs'ored to him? The linlo T^rol foundling, that hie dead wife claimed as her own ? It mi^bt be b--. Stranger things had happened. We have before stated that the earl was ira pulEive and impetuous by nature ; whatever he believed, became a fiith to bill). And cole thinking it over, as he rattled along in the mait'Coacb, his impatience vised hotter and hotter. If it might only turn nnt as he liO|-od— if he might find aud claim the lioy his vife loved Ihe child for v. hoee Fi.ke the taci ificwl her home aud happiness, aud her life— what joy it ffould be to tndow him with his isame, Hie wealth, his honors, for the sake of her u horn he had so'rieeply ii.jned ! It was the one only thinz which c:.n!d in ar.y iray iffurd him comfort, or appease the cruel remorse that stune him like mi adder ; anu his g-cat flesiie that it might he 60 grew into a hopeful f»ith. His ow.v son ! It must be the little found line of he Tyrol that he was soon to hear of. The tnail'uoauh nut him down in the silver dusk of a September eve. A young moon hung like a silver orescent over tlfe bine Cheviot pcakE, and the stars came out like jcwe'« in the far-off, misty blue. The ' ? Holder Watch 7oirer' was a few miles distant; he could see Ihe round turret looming np gray and grim in the opal light. There wan no ci-uv--yancc at hnu*!, and the impatient earl, too eager to broik a moment's elay, determined to walk the distance. He did so, stiikirg off in a direct line across the north country, and leaving the rolling downs and rugged peaks far behind. The moon was going down in a bank of thunderous storm-ciond whoD he reached the great gate r.f the old cas-lo, and an owl was hooting dismally f-nrn some hiilen perch away np in the windy batllemot.ta. The Earl pau-ed, pa.iting and wcaty from his long and rapid walk, and leal ii.g against the huge slouc pilbr, g&z; d biouud him. And at sight of the dreary prospect — the black and sullen waters beneath theiuinM moat; the blighted heath, Btrctclrng far away in tliu rlirn light ; tbe glormy fir-grove that flunked the broad avenue, and the great grey pile of ruins, so sfill and ghastly, and tuuih*lik£ in tlietiucc! t&io; mo.'in*riyn— ntfi'iiht of all this, for the first time a thrill of npj.rc. bension availed him. What if he were being lured into a tr«p ! Could it be bo ? Asking himeelf the question, as if by some wcitd magic the face of his ton, --f the b .y who had borne his name arid £ri}i-yed his ben. fits eo long, seemed to lise bef.re him — a face foil of nicked iraligunnt. triumph. . For one hiirf ni'imcnt the tarl hctii'ate.1, half inclined tu tnm back. Then he raised his haujh'y head with a.^ornful smile. Ue ha 1 never met a danger in all his lifelong that he dared uotf.cu, and thould he turn liack from this-he, who held his lif-- »r, Ji^htly ; A tusty horn tiling tu^pciided fiom the huge gate, whidi was securely lockoil. The ear) o'k it down, i.n I Wcii-n long, lot d blast, such a bliBtas, mus tvont in days go' c by to rouse t!io liordec varii.iE tn.iu their revels. The hoarse braying of a blood-hwnd within responded to bis Bumtnon*, and M aga;n was nilent for the space nf ten minutes, when n footstep echoed on the damp flag stoup, aud directly after tho rusty bolts and bars began to rattle. ... The gate was cautiously opened, and the eamo man who had delivered the letter looked out. Ah ! he ejaculated, tho earl at last; Will your lordship Ue ploascd to enter? Who desires my presence here ? demanded the carl. The master, replied Ihe man. Glibly ; he has tidings for your lordship, if you' will have the goodness to walk in aud hear. The carl strode iu without another question. The gate was closed and locked after him, and then bis gutdc led tbe way to the castle Tho earl followed np tlie monHy steps and through the arched door way. In the great hall, the old woman koonn as Mothor Gwyn neth stood with a light, and at a signal from the man, she at once led the way into a Fpacbus drawing room. A grand, gloomy ap partment, fijied with must and decay, and floored with colored tiles, like tl'o rooms above mau 'a figure arose. Gwynneth put down the light lu.d retreated, and tbe Earl or Straths pey stood face to face with his son, the young Lord Angns. l''or the space of a minnh?, the two men faced each other in dead eilense ; then the earl spoke, hiG voice quivering with ragfl : Did you send thatletrer? he demanded; did you dare to deexy me into this den ? The young mau's lace wore a smile of diabolical triumph. I did, begging your lordsbip'a pardon, ha replied ; I invited you to come if you wishod to hear something of your own sok ; and he is very much at yonr honor's service, the only sun, the only Mr the Earl of Strathspey will For an iuBtant the earl stood breathless— utterly ^dnmbfounded at the young man's arro gant impudence. Then his hot and hasty temps.- fhme-i up. You young villain 1 he cried, rushing toward Lord Angus, I'll teach yon how to make a fool Ue made an attempt to grasp the young man's collar, bnt Lord Angus eluded him, a:i3 retrrating Btep by Btep, drew the earl on to the fir-her ooruerof the spacious room. There was a wide tile just, beneath their feet. The yonng lord preyed upon ono corner of this with the toe of his boot, and it slid slowly downward, carrying the earl wilh it, duwn into an abyss of utter dark Lord Angus peered down iuto the awful cliotm. his face full of wicked exultation. Who will 1* Earl of Strathspey now, my lord ? he called, mockingly. Then the heavy tile slowly rose, and slid back to its place with a sharp snap. A snug trap that* mused the yonng peer, with his bands in Mb pockets ; and my Lady succeed in breaking in my wild fury, I've half a mind to make lovetoier, now that tbe CHAPTER IX. DEFEATED. Judith lost no time io carrying out her de termination t'o warn Captain Fossbmokc'of his danger. Ihe moment her duties to Lady Marguerite were endpd, she hurried acrOBS the wo-d. in the waniug light, to the residence of Mr. Keith. The old highland country honeo was very silent and end, It Mr. Keith was absent, at work with the detectives who were trying to find poor Magt'**1 - aTin- tne °1^ doctor wbb Bitting ont upon the stone-steps, hiBhead bent upnn his breast, given over to despair aud grief. Judith approached him with tears in her I Ay, 'tis you, my girl, he aaid, in rep1y to her salutation, bis eyes fnll or the wistful in quiry that nrver left them. I wa* in hopes — He stopped short, his voice choked and un steady. But 'tis useless, he added, after a moment. I may as well give lip all hope. Slit's gone, Jo Jit It— my pretty bairn's gone — I shall never There vrx a deep pathos in the father's grief for the daughter he loved «o fond y. Jn litb's tear.- full fust, as she looked at him ; but her words we.e the words of hope and Do not despair, she said ; I'm 6uro yon twil find fcer— l feel iz somehow, doc'-or— .-he's not gone. Bnt he shook biB gray bead in despair. Utmember how it was about Rendrick, the girl continued, hoping to cheer him. I had I least looked for it, he was restored to me. The mercy of Heiven is endless, and its power is omnipotent, doctor. Yon will surely Mud your child *gain. He looked up to the summer stars above him. Judith's earnest words thrilled him with re newed hope. tihe passed on. in search of tho captain, and f.:und tn ber consternation, that he was ab&cut;, gone to Glasgow, to return on Thursday. On Thursisy, the very day on which tlie fatal wine cupper was to be held. What should Bhe do? flurrying homeward lhroui.li the Bilent star light, she thought until her temples throbbed wi.h pain, and at last determined to leveal the whole &fr-iir; to the countess. Lady Marguerite was in the mnsic room when Ju.Iitli reached RavenswoIJ, fiJlion all the summer silence with her mournful melo dies, and the girl ran to her otrn litt'e room, to feck advice from ber husband. She had told him the story of the baronet's treachery biforo, and he strong'y approved of her de cision to reveal all to the countess. There'd something Trronp, he aaid, io his ! grave, slow manner, thongh lean tcce through j it, I've been watching the baronet since you t.Od me, and there's something wrong with him, Judith. He starts nnd looks behind him when there's no cause — he's got a secret of SDine kind on his mind, I'm sure o' that. And he to be my poor little Pearl's husband ! cried .lu.lith. And a night or two ago, pursued Hcndrick, withont noticing what he said, [ waa dowu in the stables, and Sir Bayard came down— he'd always prying about the horses. Right in the ^ard he met Captain Fossb:ookc face to face. They both stopped and stared at each other, and boj8 the captain. Why, Colonel Richmond Broohe, as I live 1 And Pir Bayard, ho turned so while that I thonght he'-i drop where he stood. The enptain went on wilh a laugh, and then Sir Unyard f II to aw. ariu' awful. I wooder what it all means ! ' Colonel Richmond Drooko' repeated Judith., thoughtfully. Yen, said llendrick ; thit'a the name. I Well, 'tis all in a tangle, she replied ; I can't begin -to toe one end from t'other ;. but I'll take your advioc and tell the whole thing to the countess. ' ' . ? ' i Ay, lass; 'tis tbe best thing you can do, re sponded Bendrick, atrokiugher brown hair as h-j arose to go out'! And Judith went straightway and tapped for admittance at tho door df tbe couutesn' eittiogmom. The old l»'!y had a new novel before her and her inevitable ailver mug nf strong coffee at her elbow. She stared a little n« Judith entered and begged the favor of her attention for a f«w minut'S. She ;eloecd her uorel, ond pushed back her goggles, ai'd laid one hand onihe jewelled head of her staff, and bade her proceed u:Hb. what sUa bad to say. [ 