Iftoveltet* The Midnight Prophecy on THE HEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. By Emma Garrison Jones. CHAPTER LXYII. "I WILL SAVE YOU." "I olimbed the gory vulture's neat. And found the trembling dove within." The vuice of Mother Gwynneth aroused her from a deep sleep, the sleep of utter exhaustion. She started up with a thrill of terror. The sun was shining in at the window, and the old woman was placing the tray containing her breakfast on the table. " Ye slumber late, my lassie," she re marked, as Maggie sprang up, all dressed as she had thrown herself down ; " ye must a keep bad hours last night; see " pointed to the empty candlestiak-" yer candloB burnt out." '. I like to burn my light all night in this ghostly place," replied Maggie, quietly, but thrilling with terror lest the dust on her clothes or some disarrange ment about the room should betray her; "and I got to rummaging among the dusty old books, too, to pass away the time 'tiB awfully dull aliufc up in thiB way, my good woman." i " Weel, weel," responded the old woman, her eyes gleaming wickedly, " 'twas yer own stubborn will us brung ye hare; why dinna ye marry the vouna laird at once ?" "Beoauae I was foolish, 1 dare say," said Maggie, obeying a aurMon determin ation to protend she whs being conquered in order to ward off suspicion ; " but Lord AngUB should have boen patient and not whisked me off and shut me up like u prisoner. I can't forgive him." " Yes, ye can," coaxed Mother Gwyn nath. " Why he done it all fur lovu of ye, and he be a braw young laird as nny lasBie need be proud to win. Ye'll for jfie him an' meot him wi' a kiss when 8®ts back from Lunnon, won't ve now ?' Maggie tossed her head with a charm ing coquettish air. iti 6,1 £'oes come J" she asked. To-morrow, mebbe; he thought to be gone a week, but Berkit came last night an says he'll be back sooner-so ye may be Iookiti yor puttiest. Ooom, here's yer breakfast all hot now ; sit ye down an' e»t, an don t fret any more; I shall be ou«y to-day, since the young laird cooms to-morrow." aJhw eft-th? room» koWng it after her, I and Maggie heard her go shuffling down i the great stairway with the blood-hound waning at her heels. He followed the old creature wherever she went. to"'Torr"w I Lord AngUB coming baok Ph' what ^ould she do ? w! 0 CiBCUPe 1 thonDhfSatmu°r a long time> in deep and re 8eomed to be no hope, oalmnesii her decisiorl in silent alin^htl I worat oanle ahe would .uS: ough the aperture, replaoe the Kbom V l'0, down in the *wful S °°mBW«erf ,below and die. They thev Itnfl61, r for i,: was evident sage nothing of the secret pas and "ho1 Wi°jUlr b,e a dreadful end to life loss. father mourning over her tlJlHLtbA- Ear} Strathspey! At meinhri0 at?'rted up. The re eyas thHl6 f u wh'to f®00 and hungry crossed h°? with now hoP°- Shi wasviv7T .he table- The' breakfast ' hungry and she was weak and the u atQ one cake, a little bit of ful oWfte^aCOn> and swallowed a mouth. ' thn nn« ' a? remainder ahe reserved for But dare What . de®cent by daylight ? and find th one,allould enter her room way revealed ? °P0n'th® 8eCret Btair" fenSS, 'ft.T°Jd <">" l't the earl '<">8. lo»8 d.,. .he remnro! f°t°Kd in ber aPron aa before down, panel and hurried breatMesa8110 Th°aChed the 7aulfc ®he was bed of atone kl ?e1®r' racl.ming on his t° meet h? ^er coming and arose Itw" Whitf face eager and .ho left him 8eemed an eternity since and invito? if- breakfast before him invited him to partake of it. gravelv'hif^ little friend," he said, L to^SV^S tuJm.n6 with wistful long I oannnt in aPite of his will, yours vnn K°- ^ IDy at the cost of WeS°ngrmg me y°Ur f°°d while y°u eS'I must leave you again this moment. 11 will come again; mthe ratfant""0,^"^st quiet, and do not despair. The daikest hour is just before the dawn. She fled away as she hud come, with noiseless steps, up the spiral stairs, aud back to her priaon ' N | The mormnsi wore away. % ' and a hot September sun blazed down upon the hoary battlements; the long.lon afternoon, the cool gray twilight, and at ia8t, at last the silent night. i Ma<»gie threw aside the old volume she , had been trying in vain oread and went to the window with a sigh of^elief- , | The day had seemed so endless, and sh . had lor.ged for the night with a vagi" hope. A groundless hope, alas, for the was not the most remote possibility of escape Yet she longed with feverish im patience for the darkness, and welcomed fB now, and watched the great white stars. finshing out in the far-off sky, with tear d"Her keeper came up with her supper and a uttle morsel of candle that would not last through half tlie night. " I won't have ye watching the night through, an' makin' a ghost o yersel, she said : " go to bed like a gude lassie , yer braw young sweetheart will be here t0Maggie'shuddered and sat down by the casement, that foolish, vague hope Btill tormenting her. She reserved ^supper for the earl, intending to take it dov.n htSl^wlyntheyhours went by, and she sat there counting her own heart-beats. She could hear the fir treeamoaniug nthe Seotember winds, and the sea beating o the sands below, and at kst^after weary^ weary waiting, she heflrd which she had hoped with such feverish unrest The sweet flute-notes sot to the music "of the dear old song, " The Camp >. wa. i»«»dod as a signal to herself, she .arose, in a tremor of excitement, and lit her bit of CtlThen she made her way out, and started np the dizzy stairs again. Impatience wmged her feet, and she made the long and tiresome ascent very speedily. A stout wind was blowing when she reached the tower-chamber, arid she hurried her candle into a sheltered corner lest it should be blown out. Then she tore a ntrip from her apron, and twisting it into a wisp, lit it at the blnae, and hastening to the window threw it out as b<The wind caught it and whirled it away, like a flaming pennon in the dark ness, and swift as thought from below, came the dulcet numbers of Highland MMa"2ia knew that she was answered. A delicious thrill Btirred her heavt, aud a bright bloom suffused her waxen cheeks aB he gazed down the dizzy distance. She could see a man's figure crossing the barren heath below, and raising ar arm, ever aud anon, with a warning gesture. She watched the dark, tull figure with fascinated oyes. It approached the base of the ruins with rapid steps, and then ahe lost sight of it. Still she dm not re move her "fascinated gaze, but continued to lean over the stone sill, her eyes strained down into the shadowy depthB below. Ten minutes passed in dead silence 1 Then, all at once, a strain of exquisite melody broke on her ear. And, wonder of wonders, it came, not from the heath below, but from some lioar point. Hur heart throbbed with painful rapidity, and sh<\- drew back half in terror. Ten minuteB more ! The groat owl, startled from his roost in the ivy, flew out with a wild cry, and in the after silence the girl caught, at intervals, the sound of hoarse, panting respirations. ' Impelled by some emotion stronger than her terror, she leaned far out into the night, and she caught sight of a man s head protruding above the clustering lV A low, startled cry escaped her lips. It was instantaneously answered. "Be quiet," spoke a clear, firm voice, a voice that inspired her with confidence and courage ; " do not >ear ; I am coming to helpyou." " Come on !" she responded, still loot ing out. The ivy vines that clung about the lofty tower began to shake and rustle, the panting respirations came nearer,, and presently the man's head came distinctly into view-a handsome, blonde head, and a pair of shining, resolute blue eyes. Their owner was accomplishing the dar ing feat of climbing the " Border Watch tower" by aid of the ivy vines that C°Hecaine up cautiously, but fearlessly, now clinging by his arms, now finding a foothold against the rugged maBonry. Maggie grew siok and faint as she watched him, but he smiled up into her white face, as it hung over him mthe Bilvery moonlight; and in another breath he swung himself up to the window-sill, and leaped in. . Covered with perspiration, and almost gasping from hia great exertion, his close fitting hunting-jacket torn into shreds, bis handsome face flushed, his blonde curls all in a tumble; yet Maggie knew him in an instant. Ho w;*b the young stranger who lia^ drawn herefrom under the horse's faet at the "Lion and the Unicorn," and to whom she applied for help when Lord Annus forced her away. Her eyes brightened, and a lovely color rose to her cheeks. She extended her hand with a shy but exquisite grace. " I remember you," she said, simply ; " and you have risked your life to come to me ?" , The young man lwswed, ana took the cold little fingers in his own shapely hU,n,<No, not quite that," he replied. " 'Twas a close thing, I'll admit, but I've 11 talent for climbing, and t1 *y is strong and safe ; mv life was in i. . u.^gur. But I'm glad you remember me,' he added, with a flashing glance, " because I'vo never forgotten you for one single moment; sleeping or waking, your face has haunted me. I know you were not mad, as they asserted, and I determined to aave you. I followed the carriage that bore you away .that night, and saw you conveyed into this place ; and Hudiiiy y oilier mode <>F entni ce. ynu » 'I v climbed tlie gor\ vulture a uest. Aik now, what can I do ior you ?" "Help me to escape," replied Maggie, promptly. "If I remain till to-morrow, a fate worse than death will be mine." He considered a moment, his handsome face turned toward the setting moon. "First, tell me," he tV " how you ever managed Ml infer, yotf bar soner. You surely did not ascend by tlie secret stairway ?" " Yes, I did," Maggie replied. " I dis covered it by chance, and came up hern attracted by the sound of your flute ; but I fancied no one knew that such a stair way existed." The young man smiled, showing his handsome white teeth. " You fancied rightly. 1 stumbled upon it by chance, like yourself, when this old place was unoccupied and I was here on an investigating tour ; but I can't well bi-lieve that yon had the courage to ascend it." "I did," said Maggie. "1 would go through the gates of death, I think, to make my escape." He flashed another glance upon her from his bright blue eyes. " Come, then," he said ; " we have no time to lose, and there is but one way. The doors urid gates nre barred una bolted, and Mother Gwynneth and her blood- hound are playing sentinel. We must go down by the ivy." Maggie startnd in surprise, and grew a shade paler as she glanced down the dizzy distance. "There's no danger," replied the stranger, encouragingly; "if you will only trust me, I will save you. Come 1" He held out his hand, arid Maggie drew near. "Now you'll have to cling to me with all your strength-here, this way, so that I can use my hands in descending, and do not fear; you look like a brave girl." She permitted him to clasp her clote, while Bhe twined her arms about his stal wart shoulders. He was just on the point of springing through the window, when she uttered a quick cry ! " Oh, I hail forgotten 1" she exclaimed ; " how utterly seliish I am in my eager ness te save myself. There is another prisoner in this old castle-away down in the old donjon keep, the Earl of Strath spey lies dying. We must save him-I won't leave him behind." The young man turned and faced her, a curious expression in his eyes. " What do you say ?" he cried ; " thu E.u-1 of Strathspey a prisoner here " Yea-his own BOII, or the boy rather, who hns been reared as his son, lured him here by a false letter, and looked him in the denjon to die. Providence sent me down to liim, I think, and I saved his life by sharing my food with him." "And why should this boy lure his father here, and leave him to die ?" ques tioned the strangor, a slight tremor run ning through his clear voice. " The earl suspects that the boy is not his son, and talks of renouncing him, und the young tnan wants to murder him, and secure the earldom.'1 For the space of an instant the young man stood silent, a slow flush arising to his fair, clear-cut face. " Well," he ejaculated at last, "of all strange things, this is the strangest, the Earl of Strathspey incarcerated here by his son and heir. I can scarcely believe it." "It is true," cried Maggie, eagerly; "and he will die-he looks like death now- and I have carried him no food since morn<ng. Oh, sir, can't you help me ?" "Of course I will-I'll rouse the officers of the law, and ransack this old ghost nest from top to bottom " '"But every moment is precious,"inter posed Maggie ; "the young Lord Angus, as lie is called, falsely enough too, for I have the proof that he is no son of the earl." ' What, you have the proof ?" 'Yes-I found it, as I seem to find everything, by mere chance, in the flan nel mantle worn by that poor little babe thnt was found, on the Tyrol mountain the written proof that " " Hist 1" cried the young man, catching at her arm, "there's a carriage below put out your candle, quick !" i Maggie darted across to the corner in which the candle flickered, and ex tinguished it with a breath, then she turm'd to the window, gazing cautiously down. A two-wheeled vehicle containing a couple of men was bowling up the gravel walk. In a second th'-y paused at the great ?late, and one of them 1 aped out, and proceeded to unlock it. Maggie had a fair view of the other as he sat in the white moonlight. "Oh, heavens !" ? she whispered, her cheeks paling with terror, "it is Lord Aligns, the earl's son ; we are lost?'' "Nay," replied the stranger, "notlost yet. See, thev have entered-Mother Gwynnoth's htood-liound bids them wel come. Come 1" He clasped her firmly with one arm and apprmiched the window. " Bui the earl ?" gasped Maggie, shiver ing with terror, as she heard the fierce baying of the beast below. " I'll save him," replied the young man, quietly ; "but you must be got into a safe place first. Gome-the moments are precioua." _ And clasping her once more, he leaped lightly through the wi: dow and swung himself out. 