THE 00! By S. BARING-GOULD,. Author of " Mehalab," "Court Royal," "John Herring," "The Gaverooka," &0. Published by special arrangement with the Author. Ail rights reserved. Chapter XVI.—(Continued.) He opened it and waa surprised to see IFalome on the landing breathless, "Js your mother worse?" he asked, for he saw that she was shaking and white. I " Oh, Mr. Pennycomequlck, do tell me, Hare yon had a man here with you 2" " I do not understand." "I have seen some one descend the atafrs. If he did not come from yonr study he issued from that room in which —in which " she shuddered, "I mean from the spare bedroom." "Ho one has been with me " "But he came down the staircase slowly and silently, like a shadow, and passed . ^ II me. " I have seen and heard no one." " And yet there has been some one in the house." Philip thought and then said, " Miss CuBWorth, your nerves hive been over wrought. You have been imposed on by ycur imagination." ■"But—the garden door I found lb open; I have just locked it. The figare went out through it." "Bid you distinguish who it was ?" "Ho, he came from the beat bedroom, wearing dear nncle's—I mean Mr. Fenny comequlck's overcoat and hat." Philip again mused. " All my poor uncle's clothing," he said after a moment of thought, "all tfc-A re mained, the overcoat included, I ordered yesterday to be laid out In the spare cham ber. I told your mother to dispose o? them as she thought proper. I made no doubt that she knew of poor persons to whom they wculd be serviceable." " But no poor person would come at this of night and Blip out stealthily ah'the garden door, which ought to be locked at half-past nine." " Let us go into the spare room and re assure ourselves," said Philip " You will find the overcoat there, and then perhaps you will come to the same conclusion that I have, that you have been over-worried and over-wrought, and that fancy has con jured up the ghost." He went back into his room for a candle, and Salome, standing alone with beating heart on the landing, asked herself whether Bhe had been deluded by her imagination. Philip returned with a candle. He smiled and said, "I remember particularly that great coat. It was laid on the bed and the hat by it, I went into the room this evening about half-past 8 and both were there then." He had his hand on the door. " You are not afraid to come in with me ?" Salome shook her head. She had begun to hope that she had been a prey to fancy. He opened the door, wenb in, and held the light over his head. The great coat and the hat—were gone. 