A. Headless Ghost. An English Farmer's Cruel Revenge on -His False Lady Love. About thirty miles sooth of London, In one of the prettiest partB of England, is a village oalled Bhaliord. Adjoining it is a large oommon, or publio pasture. There are a tew houseB fronting on it, prominent among which there was, aboat twenty years ago, a rather singular-looking tdifioe, known to the village folk as the " Black House." The name was apparently ill-chosen, fox the brioka were white and the tiles a bright red. But there was a good reason for the name, as any looal goesiper has pleased to explain. The house had been built Dy a farmer named Somers for the reception of a young lady of good position who was shortly to become his bride. The wedding day had been fixed. But a few days before the one fixed for the wedding day the bride disappeared, and a iew hours after her departure a farm hand in the employ of Somers was also sought for | and found not. I Bumor ooupled the two names, and the dis j appointed bridegroom Btarted off in hot hasto in pursuit. For several months the house remained untenanted, but one night | lights were observed in the windows. The t next day there WSB muoh speculation as to whether Somers had returned or whether he had rented. But there was no signs of life during the next nor tho auooeeding day, and finally it was thought advisable to torau an entry. Aooordingly the looal blacksmith and Somers' farm bailiff broke open the front door. Tho house was found exaotly as left by Somers when ho started out on his tour of revenge, nor was there any explanation to be deteoted ol the lights Been at night. That evening the windows were again blight, and (ox several auaoesaive nights the phenomenon was repeated. Finally a oom mittee ol three waa appointed to investigate. The members ot the committee were the ^fflVSyin'no^one laiTf"himself! Alter eating a hearty supper at the village inn the trio set oat on tbeir task. The clerk was very nervous, the blacksmith defiant and the skeptic saroastic. The door was toroed open and the men proceeded to investigate. They made a tonr ol all the rooms, but dis covered nothing. The olerk beoame reas sured, the blacksmith sighed /or someone or something to fight, and the Bkeptio threw in an " I told yoa there was nothing " every two or three minutes. But shortly belore midnight the light of the lanterns oorried by the intrepid investi gators was supplemented by a bright illumi nation whioh seemed to have no natural sourae. The olerk looked at the blacksmith, and even the Bkeptio felt himself at lault. Suddenly the first named sprang to his feet and rushed headlong out into the passage, along it to the Iront door, and through it on to the open pasture. The blaoksmith and the Bkeptio turned and decided to lollow his lead aB beat they oould. For, standing in the far corner was a figure so weird that not even the skeptic oould control his lears. It was the figure of a young woman, absolutely headless, and envolped in a shroud of sur passing brillianoy. From this unnatural olothing the mysterious light seemed to emerge. The two men got away safely and corroborated the parish clerk's description of the scene. The story was not generally oredited, but again and again was the house rented, only to be vacated by each suoaeeding tenant after one dav's oaaupation. Neither Somera nor his false lady love ever reap peared at Shalford, and when your corres pondent last saw it the black house was still unoooupied and was gradually falling into ruins. 