N) ItOI RO3ERY. Mrs. Christio's was annything but an inpleas. ant house, and the peoplU who were staying in it were anything but unpleasant. My preconl coived notion had been that the folks one would meet in a boarding-house were of a doubtful sort; at the best it soeeoed ineovitable that there would be social cats purring inquisitivcly anrd traucherously allabout. So it was i welcome surprise to find the house so diloereut from my antcilpations. Mrs. Christio herself I know but slightly. She was the widow of a mining engiger who had done good servtce to our family in my father's days. She had set up a boarding-house on lussel street, and when it happened that I had to go up to town to consult my old colleog friend Marton, now a bairrister, about some business, instead of putting up at my usual quarters, I went, at msy mother's request, to Mrs. Christie's, not without some mneglvlngs about the wisdom of the stop I was taking; but I thought that aiyhow it would be a now ox. poenoco; and that was just whatit did prove to le eventually. The company was made up of an Indian army doctor andlhis d tughtor, she being a damsel fair to look upon; two spilsatrs from Shropshiro; a west country parson and his wife; Mrs. Christie's nephew, a clerk in a bank; myself, and a couple about whom no one know any. thing-save Mrs. Christie, and she not 1much but whom every one allowed to be the most chhrming and delightful people they had met for many a day. Mr. and Mrs. 1Valcot had travelled much, and were evidently well read, but they neither wearied oneu's ouars with the glories of Capri or Granada, nor poestered you with talk about books they had read and you hadn't; they made no display, and though brilliant conversationalists, they were just the plcaximt kind of people in whose company you could sit without wanting to talk at all IHe was a tall, sparely built man, well set up, with regularfeatures, a man of fine hearing, yet not quite like a soldier; sie was hardly so distingutshed looking as her husband, hardly so handsome; her features just missed regularity, but eyes and mouth had a fascinating piquancy of expression which made her the most attractive woman I had over met: I thought so then and I think so still, though I have considerably ex tended my experience since those days when my mother guardal her fledgling from the attacks, rapacious or insidious, of every breed of harpy. But the most pleasing trait in this couple was that though so plainly devoted to one another, and satisfied with their own company, they were not wholly eaten up with mutual admira tion; their nature seemed to have a sympa thetic fooling that molded itself to suit the dispositions of those around, without secrificing its own individuality. No wonder all liked them ; I was particularly. grateful for their courtesy, not being blessed in either looks or style; I had unfortunately. inherited my mother's manner and my father's face,; had tt beeLn the other way about, I should doubtless have proven the social success which I was jpainfull conscious that I now was not. And it must have been out of pure good nature that they were so friendly, for I had made it a point with Mrs. Christi-- whether she kept her pro miso I don't know-that she should say nothing to her guests about Earnushaw IIall, or the mines, or the plate and pictures5 or my mother's famous diamonds, or the glories of a country house that women love. The only one who did not take kindly to them was ?tiarton. On the'Thursday after we had concluded our business I prevailed upon him to dine with me at Mrs. Christie's, and 1 remember noting how everyone seemed to be at his or her best; even Marton's severe features relaxed, and :ho showed himself almost more than, courteous to the Indian girl, between whom and one of the Shropshire spinsters he was sitting, evidently quite satisfied with his environment, as he owneod when I was ' setting hima back,' as they say in the North, to his chambers, ' but ' But moe no buts; what is wronig now ?' SWhy, those people to whom you have takeno so violently, the Walcots.' ' What about them, Mr. Sensor?' ' They gave me an uncomfortable feeling; not. that they look uncanny, but I am haunted by the ghost of some fordhing reminiscence, as if I had seen that woman's eyes before-antd I am suroI have-but when or where I cannot recollect: and l am equally sure they were con nected with something shady.-what that, too, was I cannot bethink me; a hazy, indefinite recollection it was, but.ono that clung to me all the while.' ' May I suggest dyspopsia? too hard work indoors, too little exercise.' ' Maybe you are right, but do you, too, use a pinch of caution in coementing your now friend. slhip. Good-night.' 