^T— '^^— ^^— i— 1— — — ^—— — — ^— -^M^M^— — | of it is liborally- adprncd Uvith rare turquoises, but of sinallcr sizb, '-arid no fowor than 200 brilliants. It is valued at £15,0.00. The wifo of iv merchant from San Fraiioisco, who made a ' huge pile' in pavaflin oil, ollbrcd to buy it lately, but, to her clifvgrin, was told that it ?vvas ' not for sale !' ?.??*? \- For whom do ladies dress 1 Tins is a matter agitating a Buda-Pesth iiowb papoi\ Tlio question propounded is, says tho Pall' Mali, Gassuttb, whothdr 'tho fair sox dress to please the opposite sex or their own. Some correspondents stoutly maintain that all toilettes hayo for their ultimate ond the gratification of men. 'Othors say that it is to please the men arid induce envy in women ; while a third contention is that toilettes are,. studied, and arranged solely for women's eyes. The advocates of this theory say that men take no notico of dress ; whether a woman bo simply or gaily attired is all ono to them, and they remain as cold as glaciers before tho most charming of dresses. One. says : ' How often should we be delighted by but a glance from tho men at some toi much caro ; but when they seo a pretty face or a beautiful eye, not a look is given to the loveliest dross. With the ladies it is different. The best dressed woman is always noticed by her sisters ; arid if a woman is plain she can at least carry off tlie laurels iu tho matter , pf dress.' So that it is for tho eyes of women ladies give so much caro to dress.' SOCIAL GOSSIP FOB, WOMEN Tho Stato University of Oregonlms 150 women students. Two American ?women have just been licensed as captains of vessols. The Zenana ladies, of Lalioro addressed their parting lettor to Ludy Duflbrin, 'Dear mother of tho Benighted females of India.' aj. Mwujjiiwi,! v*. xixi. a.' null, uuu IVOVftl A.cadomioian, is a writer of ghost stories for a Canadian newspaper, under tlio nom ckp'uma of ' Walter Po.wcll.' TJio Empress Frederick is sin ncconi plished player of both tho violin and tho guitar, and a day seldom passes but slib amuses herself for an hour or two with one of these instruments, which accompany her everywhere. Wo clip tho following from tho Qoebs:— 'A. lady from tho South Kensington School of Art Needlework has boon ongaged to go out to Mel bourno, to teach tho liner form's «of om broidery there Classes aro already being formed in expectation of her arrival, Mrs. Lnngtry is about to play Macbeth at tho Fifth Avenuo Theatre, New York, and, it is stated, has resolved that ushers, ticket sellers, and ticket takers with all tho other servants of the theatre', who como into contact with the public, shall bo dressed in costumes harmonising with thoso worn on tho stage. This , will bo a decided novelty. Tho example set by tho .Duchess of Hamilton, who it will bo remembered is tho proprietress of u dairy at Ipswich, . has been followed by at least one other lady of rank, Lady Shaftesbury having recently opened a ' storo' at Bourne- '- moilth for tho Salo of farm nnrl rim1™ produco j and tho Duchess of Hamilton not only has a dairy, but a company of practical dairywomon to give lessons in the art of good butter making. These instructors havo been established at di/1'erent parts of the estate, and their sorvices have been found so useful that the experiment is about to bo followed on tho Rutland, Sutherland, and other properties. Lady Magnus, in tho National Revikw, finds a good deal of fault with the systom of education that is pursued at women's collogos. She complains that tho children aro ill dressed, un- ' attractive and priggish, and nothing moro than a 'crowd of machine made mediocrities.' All this sounds very terrible, but as Lady Magnus does not very clearly state what system would better meet tho material wants and tho intellectual aspirations of womankind 'i is fliflintilf. fr» imiaIU I-..* l.,» ? : i.;.»! ? Miss Mary Anderson has appeared as a wiitce. Tho current number of the Noimi Amkwcax Hevikw contains an article by tho popular actress on amateurs on the stago. Sho justly derides tho ambition of the untaught fashionablo lady, serenely starting°at tho top, expecting to see herself in stantly recognised as a dramatic artist. Miss Anch;rs.m is somewhat an excep tion to tho rule she sets down ; she never belonged to a theatrical company, and first studied soriously in En 'land only. \ ° A diadem which, in tho glorious and ' novor- to-be-forgotten days of the second Empire, adorned tho head of tho beauti fill Empress Eugenie; is now on oxhibi tipn in Philadelphia,1 It is composed of diamonds and turquoises in a sotting of dead gold, and is of a horscshoo shape, in tho centre of tho front of tho diadoin is a mngnilicont turquoiso tho size of a pigeon's egg, aud tho body '?'a * 