»?;«K^PHER. ~ DOCTORS AWD PATIENTS. ijl^" f. • Sometimes them ia i ma upon * particular P^KVdootor, who ia the fashion, and whom every^ bodywant* to aee. And it it not a bad thing to be a fashionable dootor, if only for thia ? J' * reason, that whon tho Woat End patienta go ' . "away from torn tho doctor may go abroad, >;'T *ad partake'of the remedy whioh he proffill auribeato other people. Sir Henry Holland ' V \ ln \lls ' AntoWographv,', aaid that he alwaya v-c...»• took took throomonths' holiday, and, rather "' a ■*Jl,n saorifloe »ny of it, heroically determined ' if Wa practice - ahonld no vtr, exceed five thousand a year. Such eases of professional modesty ooour but rarely. Another celobrated i physician, Dr. J. C. B. Williams, who has ■ also published, his ' Autobiography*' and who • has sent legions of peoplo abroad in his day, •v . Vj has practically earned out his own preaoriptlon-by spending the ovening of his days oil the Riviera. ■ It ia sometimes a difficult thing to tacklo .the groat physician whon there is an . irrational run-, upon him. ■■ There was, some \- tlmo ago, a dootor whose morning leveoa wore , , crowded boyoud description. It was his pride' and boast that ho oould feol hia patient's • • ,i ■ Prf3', !°°k at, h" t<w»g«o, probe at him with with liig stethoscope, write bia prescription, > pooket his foe, in a apace of time varying from . two to flvo.minutea. . One day an-.armyman was shown into the oonsulting room, and underwont what may bo oalled the instantaneous process. When it wns oomploted the pationt , shook handa heartily with the dootor, and aaid . -y —11 am oftpocially glad to meet you, as Ihavo ■ wtenheardjny father speak of his old friend v:/ Pr.L,. ."What!' exclaimed the doctor, 'aro : you Dick Forester's son P'' ' Most certainly I am. 1 My doar follow, fling that infernal prescription : into tho fire; and sit ' down quiotly, and tell me what is the matter with you.' ^ ™»y candidly say that I don't boliovo my own story, and in fact, regard it with repro• . batlon. I,have.known distinguished physiA: : . , owns spend an hour or two over a hospital oaso, when the. diagnosis has been a difficult • ono. I expect that all our ailments aro for .. tho most .part extremoly vulgar, and that a dootor oan read us off as tho oxporienood reporter does so muoh shorthand. -If you want : v to see the groat doctor you must write and1 ask for an appointment. If you omit this •. " , *orra bpforo calling, it is quite possiblo that you maywaitthrceorfournoura and miss him after all. You; may got a fino viow of his baok as ho hurries to liiscarriogo, perhaps munching a sandwich In Order to sustain him on his round of visitation. You will perhaps observe on tho tn&ntlepieco; a card stating the *99 *or anwfc visit is two guineas; and for every subsequent visit a guinoa. Some physicians conscientiously prefer rocoiving two guineas for each individual visit. There is another fco, howover, whioli many of our pnysioianB oonstantly, receive, and this— nothing. Thero is no body of mon so persistently generous andsolf- denying in thu matter of feos as English modioal men. Your name is written down on a slate and you aro shown, into tho waiting room. Perhaps you rooogniso thia waiting-room as the physicians dining-room, and possibly in happier hours you have reposed your legs . • beneath that solid mahogany that is now \- atrown with books and ponodioals to beguile the tedium of waiting. How the moralist , • might muse on tho metamorphoses of the apartmbnt! It is hero that wo light joko passed from tho lips of the wit, and tho alender foaming champagne glass was raised \- to the lipa of the beauty, and tho traveller , brought back his strange stories from far regions of Asia or Africa, and the statesman unbent from the anxiotlea and telegrams of office. This wan wintry morning, .when tho £ !u!«Wno hasdly wanders in, 'jr ./ it . Is difficult to recall tho light and festivity ; " of tho evomnghoura. In thia comparison ' we waiting1 patients Betim liko a sat of poor ' ^ ghosts, shivering on tho shoros of Acheron. v ' OI course tho worst of the pationts aro not hero; they arotosssngon uneasy couches, J >7 . and the good dootor will havo to visit Uioir • own homes. There is a lino of utterly unh . known authorship whioh Dr.. Johnson was \ ilfory fond of murmuring to himself— J ' Rovolves tho sad vioiasitudes of things,' r To-day the brilliant party and to-morrow tho " / . , waiting-room of tho consulting physioian. f..*" to»dd, for the sake of tho antithesis, to-day 'the foaming grape of E<»st, era Dranoe and to-morrow the 'bolus,' only T«-romem?er that, in thesodays of makinir things pleasant all round, the dootor frequently 'exhibits' champagne as a remedial .. ';■ measure., .Indeed, I have known ono medical man of enhghtenod and cheerful views who penoibod a table-spoonful of brandy to bo taken m a glass of ohampaguo every throo hours, a prescription to which thj pationt gave respeotful submission. ■ What curious ssenes theso consultingrooms have witnessed ! I havo known of mon who liaye gono in very heavy-hearted, bo. Moving that they wore suffering from every ; , direful sympton known in tho books/and havo come back excessively happy, being assured that their fears wero all mistakes and illusion. One tho other hand, there are men who have inado their calls, feeling assured that they are sife and sound, and have simply rooeivod sentence of death, and that v within a . very Bttort time. A very pathetic story is told by iJarwininthe life of his grandfather, Dr. iJarwin, ofDorby. One day a patient entered the consulting-room of a London physician and detailed tho symptoms of his illneBs. It was an obscure and diffloult oaso, of a kind that was only imperfectly .understood, ' :and the .London dootor confessed himself fairly pulled. Ho oould only say that the patient was in a most porilous state.' ' There is only . - ono man in England who understands the disease, said thoXondon dootor—' who under: stands cases of this sort, and you should iro and consult him. It is Dr. Darwin, of Derby.' 'Alas!' was tho answer, ' I am Dr. Darwin, of Derby.' i an<^ the attendant glides into tho room and from timo to time bookons one of us away. The odd thing is that none , y ns look at all ill; but in- theso .days tho dootora say that looking well has nothing at ■ to do.^ritn things. "Still wo are shy and reserved, ond.a little., anxious, < > and - I ■ notice : tliat any well-meant attempt to ;open a oon: , vorsation generally collapses. I suppose we are all moro or less hopeful as wo havo i . boon ablo to luako our way to this trystihg ^... .- spot. Thon-wo get into trio doctor's private .v, rpoin—lus* sanctum, his confessioiml, whore v • , ttt times very strango confessions are heard, and also with no power of absolution. If you offend^ against the laws of Nature, Nature \- • '.will give you no forgiveness. As professor Huxley says, Nature does not give you a * 1 J.*°™ and a blow, but she gives you the 'y,1 • blow at once, ana you must find out the sfivV"?.weaning. rYou must be very clear and sx. -A .'PUeit during those precious.moments of oon- : \" J^versatiop.' The man ia a fool who prevaripisasna, -0®tes with his dootoror lawyer, and - yet • . "T doctors and lawyers have found auoh fools' »' m t^eir experience/ The dootor' hears all you havo toaav, and brings out a lot of facts '/>' >'you had nfver thought of, and regulates your ^pVia-dlet^^ndprobably puts you on the: oil of'the feY-'&tliver; oftheeod,anaflniulysumsup theease ^fYou.muat go abroad for the win-Magazine.^ ^ y.''i- . ' Mv do#r wife,' murmured pater famiUm %?S£?/..V-ft8l>e lookod at the droMmakera bill.1 ' „i'«ilUker (to Mias Brown, who is aged thirtrTv* i seven, and as rioh aa she is not lovely 1—Mim Ii,Ilovcyou.!. I adareyou J.-uWulyoube: « P-'Mlw EvaXblushinglyl-r-Yea;v-^Baker »h,<yoiu dear old girt! " \ » wiidlu deriaion j1; * Oh, Kive u» a rest 'othe.bobbr whose eye be had eanght, • ipeirneyanwith promptness did- grant tho. Litt^vT^Wwrreat; oa the spot. - " v<rt u; - 1 • .. 'v* 