THE DAY WILL COME. [Published by special arrangement with the author All rights reserved.] CHAPTER XI.-(Continued). By M.E. BRADDON. Author of "Lady Audley's Secret," "Vixen," "Iehmael," "Like and Unlike," "The Fatal Three," &c.;, &c.; "You were indeed the victim of a generous and confiding heart." "I was fond of him to the last, monsieur, and I forgave him all my sufferings; but let no voKiDthatlivesevermain* drunkard with the hope of reforming him. " Were you quite akoe m your martyrdom; had your husband bo relatives left to help him m bis dying bed!" "Noton?. He told me he was the lest of Kb nte, He must have had distant relations, I toroow; bat his elder brother was dead, and hisiStefc" "Yon are sore his brother wm dead!" "Yea; he fell into the water at Nice oa a dark evening, when he was goingl on Board the «teamer for Corsica. I have got the paper with tfce aoeonot of his death." •' Will you show me that paper, and any oilier doamsente relating to your husband s family? I know I have no right to ask «ueh a favor; bat all I can say is that I shall be very grateM if you will solar oblige me." The tools d'hote was in fall swing in the ad joini?g room, as testified by the clattering of plates and the jingle of knives and forks, and a subdued ramble as of a good many confidential conversations carried on simultaneously. f Yon want to see my poor Fred's private papers," said tha widow meditatively." That's • good deal to ask; not that there are any secrete in them that can hart anybody above ground. The colonel is dead* and bis Bister. VybnsbMKl was the last. Bat I cant under stand why anybody should want to pry into a dead man's papers, unless there's property hanging to them." She looked at Theodore suspiciously, as if she amid not divert herself of the idea of a fortune having toned up somehow, nnex pectedhr; a fortune to which her dead husband wa^wtitled. " There uno property, I assure you. It is a question of sentiment, not of money." "You're a lawyer, I suppose ?" said Coralie, She supposed that it was only lawyers who went about prying into the affairs of the dead. ••I am a lawyer; but the buriness^which "Well, I don't see how any harm can come to me through your seeing my husband's papers. There's not many to see—a few letters from the colonel, and two or three from a lawyer about the legacy, and a dozen or so from old friends, refusing or sending him money. You've spoken kindly to me, and I've felt that you could sympathise with me, though you're a stranger—so well—yon may see his letters, though it hurts me to touch anything that belongsd to him, It pauvre hotumtr Bbs took a bunch of keys from her pocket, unlocked the little secretaire, and from one of the drawers produced a bundle of old letters and cuttings from newspapers, which she handed to Theodore Dalbrook and then seated herself opposite to him, planted her elbow? on tie table, and watched him while he read, keenly on the alert for any revelation of his purpose which might escape him in the course of his reading. She had not altogether relin quished that idea of an inheritance, or legacy —property of some kmd—involved in this en* dearer to trace a dead man's history. The ex planation which Theodore had given had not convinced her. He had confessed himself a lawyer, and that was in itself enough to make her doubt him. The cuttinfis from old newspapers belonged to the day* when Frederick Strangway had commanded a war ship, tolbe days when he fought in the Chinese war. Some of them recorded the honor he had won for himself at different stages of his career, and it was only natural that these should have been carefully preserved by him in all bis wanderings. Bat there were other cuttings-the report of tile court-martial that bw>kg him—the trial .in which he stood accused of having risked the loss of his ship with all hands aboard by his dissolute habits—a shameful and a painful story. This had been kept by one of those strange perversities of the human, mind which makes a man secrete and toeasuiu documents which must wring hia heart and bow his head with shame every time be looks at them. There were other extract* «f a Uke shameful kind—reports of start iow«, two eases of drunken asssnU in San Francisco, one of a fight in Sydney harbor. He had kept them all as if they bad been words of praias and honor. The letters were most of them trivial—letters from brother officers of the past—.' very sorry to hear of hia misfortunes, 1"'regret inability to do more than the endowed small cheque, 1* *' the numerous claims upon my purse render it n"pnfM« for me to erant the loan re quested ;"?the usual variations upon the old tune in which a heavily taxed paterfamilias fences with the appeal of an unlucky acquain tance. They were such letters as are left by the portmanteau full among the effects of the man who has lost self respect, or for whom the world has been too hard. Tnr^fr™' pot aside all this correspondence after a brief glance, and there remained only fcur letters in the same strong, resolate band, the hand of Reginald Strangway. The fiat in date was written on Army and Navy Cnb paper, and was addressed to Captain Strangway, E.N. H.M. ship, the Cobra, Hongkong. "My dear Fred—Sorry to leave your letter so long unanswered, but have been bothered about a great many things. My wife has been oat of health for nearly a year. The doctors fear her chest is affected, and tell me I ought to get pet awry H? 'Eft*"* *-****&? —.«!«■, As things have been going vets' baaly«with me for • long time I shall not be sorry to cut this beastly town, where the men who have made their money. God knows how, tee now upon the crest of the waveband by their reckless ex peedttare nave made it iiiipnmihln fora man of small means to live in London—if be wants to live like •gentieman. Everything is twice as dearaeSvsedtobewhen I was a subaltern. JJj wife and I are pigging in two rooms oa a second floor -in Jermyn-nUoeW I live at my dub, and she lives on her relatives, so that we don't often have to sit down to a lodging house dinner of burnt soles and greasy chops; bat the vlwle business v wretched. She has to go to parties in a four-wheel cab, and I can hardly afford the ruk of a robber. So I shall be on ffujmwwly glad to cut it all and settle in some eat of the way place where we «an live cheap, and where the climate win suit MOlioent, " My first idea was Algiers, butthingsare still rather unsettled there, as you know; and Lambton, of tits Guards, has been shooting in Corsica lately, and came home with a glowing account of the climate and the cheapness of the inns, which are rougbish, but dean sad fairly comfortable; so I have determined on Corsica. We shall be within a day's sail of Nioe, so not utterly out of reach of civilisation, and we can live there how we like, without entertaining a mortali Md wear out our old clothes. UilUceot, who is fond of novelty, is in love with the notion, and Dangerfield hat behaved very well to her, promising her an extra hundred a year if we will live quietly and keep out of debt, which,- considering he is poor as Job. Ie not so bad. As for my creditors, they are pretty quiet since I got Aunt Belle's legacy, part of which I divided among 'em as a sop to Oetberue, and they'll nave to be Btil{ quieter when I'm settled in Corsica. . *' Of course, you heard of that wretched woman's kicking over the traces altogether at last. God knows what wfll become of her. I believe she had been carrying' on rather badly for some time before Tom found out anything. Yon know what an ass be is. However, he got held of ft letter one evening—met the post man at the door and took her letters along with hie^ewn, and didnt like the look of one and opened it; and then there was an infernal jow, and she jast put on her bonnet and shawl, walked out of she house and called a cab and drove off. He followed in another cab, but it was a foggy night, and be lost her before she'd gone far. Tbey were in lodgings in Essex street, and it ■ant easy for one cab to chase another in the Strand on a foggy evening. She never went back to him, and ne went au over London hec, naming first one Trovn and then another, but without any definite idea as So who the real man tm. The letter was only a couple of sentences in Italian, which Tom only knew by right—bat he could see it was an appointment at a theatre, for the theatre M>d boar were named. She snatched the letter out of his hand while they were quarrel ling, he told me, aad chucked it into the fire, bo be basset even the man's handwriting at evidence against him. It was a hand he had sever sees before, he say*. However, it be •nuts to find 'hex no doubt he can do so, if he takes the trouble. lam eorry she should dis grace her family, and of coarse my wife feels the scandal uncommonly bard upon her. I cant say that I feel any pity for Tom Darcy. She had led a wretched life with him ever since be sold oat, sad I don't ranch wonder at hex bans; deaasd glad to leave Mm. As if a Tent's burinegs to moot her lover, aad not mine, I ahant mix myself up in the affair—and as far ter. well, sbe has made her bed V There was more in tin latter, but the reet was of no interest to Theodore. The letter was dated January 3.1£5 L Three of the remaning letters were frcm Ccrais*, andeoatainad notbJna; of sny eignifi easee. A fwnth was wiitten at Monte Carlo, ia answer toast appeal for money, and the date stae twelve years later than the first. Itwaaa fleets* letter, tse letter «t? ruined man, who had drcsk tbe enp of- disappointment to the "Tc atk me lor help eeena like a ghastly joke on your part. Whatever your troablee may be, I fancy my lookout ie darker than yours. My wife and. I have vegetated on that accursed island for iuat a dozen years—it seem? like [a lifetime to look back upon. We just had enough to live upon while my father was alive, for, bad as things were at Cheriton, he contrived to send me something. Now that he is gone, and the estate has been sold by the mortgagees, there is nothing left for me—and we have been living for the last two yean upon the pittance my poor Milly gets from her father. Whatever your cares may be, you dont know what it is to have a sick wife whose condi tion requires every luxury and indulgence, and to have barely enough for bread and cheese. If you were to see the house we live in—the tiled floors and the dilapidated fumitore—and the windows that wont shut—and the shutters that wont keep to, and our two Oorsiean ser vants who look like a brace of savages, though they are good creatures in the main—you would be the last man to howl about your own troubles to me. "I have been here a month, and with my usual diabolical luck. lam going home to morrow—though perhaps I should be wiser if I went np into the hills behind Monaco and put a bullet through my brains. Millicwit would beino worse off, God help her; for she is entirely dependent on her fattier, and I am only an incubus—but she might think herself worn off, poor soul, so I suppose I had better go home. " What am I thinking about ? I cant afford to take refuge in the suicide's haven. My life is insured in the Imperial for £3,000, and poor old Dangetfield has been paying the premium ever since I married his daughter. It would be too hard upon him if I shot myself." This was the hut letter, and it was endorsed by the brother's hand. "Beginald'e last letter. I read in the Tima newspaper of his being drowned at Nice ton days afterwards." Theodore made a note of the dates of these letters, and the name of the insurance offioe, Provided with these date it would be easy for him to verify the fact of Colonel Strangway's death, and thus bring the history of the two sons of old Squire Strangway to its dismal close in dust and darkness. And thus would be answered Juanita'e strange suspicion of the house of Strangway, answered with an unanswerable answer. Who can argue wtth,Death ? Is not that at least the end of all things— the road that leads no whither? There remained for him only the task of tracing the erring daughter to her last resting place. This would doubtless be more difficult, as a runaway wife living under a false name, and in all probability going from place to plaice, was likely to have left but faint and uncertain indications of her existence. But the first part of his task had been almost too easy. He felt that he could take no credit for what be had done, could expect no gratitude from Juanita. He thanked Mrs. Strangway—alias Madame Coralie—for her politeness, and asked to be allowed to offer her a ten-pound note as a trifiipg acknowledgment of the favor she had done him. She promptly accepted this offer ing, and was only the more convinced that there was "property" involved in the lawyer's researches. •' If there is anything to come to me from any of his relations, I hope nobody will toy to keep me out of it," she said. " I hope they will remember that I gave him my hut shilling, and nursed him when there wasn't many would have stayed in the room with him ?" Theodore reiterated his assurance that no question of money or inheritance was involved in his mission to the island, and then bade the captain's widow a respectful adieu, and threaded his way through the avenue of tables to the door, and out of the garlic charged atmosphere into the fresh autumnal air. He stayed one night in Jersey, and left at 11 o'clock next morning on board the Fanny, and slept in his chambers in Ferret court, after having written a long letter to Juanite with a full account of all that he had learnt from the lips of the widow, and from the letters of the dead. "I do not surrender my hope of finding the murderer," he wrote finally, " but you must now agree witb me that I must look elsewhere than among tbe remnants of tbe Strangways race. They can prove an unanswerable alibi - the grave," He went to tbe office of the Imperial next morning, saw the secretary, and ascertained that the amount of the policy upon Colonel Strangway's life had been paid to Lady MUli cent Strangway, hie widow, in April, 1863, after the directors had received indisputable evidence of his death. " I remember the case perfectly," said the secretary. " The drcumstances were peculiar, and there was a suspicion of suicide, bb the man had just left Monte Carlo, and was known to have lost his last napoleon, after a most extra ordinary run of luck. There was some idea of disputing tbe claim; but if he did make away with himself be had contrived to do it no cleverly that it would have been uncommonly difficult to prove that his death was not an accident—it ore particularly as Lord Danger field brought an action against the steam twat company .for wilful negligence in regard to their gangway and deficient lighting. Tbe policy was an old one, too,, and so it was decided not to litigate." •' There could be no doubt as to the identity of the man who was drowned at Nice. I con clude?" ''No, the question of identity was carefully gone into. Lord Dangerfield happened to be wintering at Cannes that year, and he heard of his son-in-law's death in time to no over and identify the body before it was coffined. You know how quickly burial follows death in tint part of the world, and there would have been no possibility of the widow getting over from Ajaccio before tbe funeral. We had Lord Dangerfield's declaration that the body he saw at Nice was the body of Colonel Strangway, and we paid tbe £3,000 on that evidence. We have-never had any reason to euspect error or foul play." Chapxkb XII. Thon t&keat; not my, O Death .' Thou strikest-absence periebetb, ny flV'n*" ]S HO n{|C J The future brightens on onr eight; For on the past hath Mien a light That tempt* us to adore. While Juanita dang with feverish intensity to the hope -of discovering her husband's murderer Lord Cheriton seemed to be gradually leaguing himself to the idea that the crime would go to swell the long lut of undiscovered murders which he could recall within his own experience of life—crimes which had kept society expectant and on the alert for a month, and which had stimulated the police to un wonted exertions, finally to sink into oblivion, or to be occasionally cited as an example of the niysterionsnees of human history. He had offered a large reward, be had brought al his own trained intelligence to beat upon tie subject i he had thought and brooded upon it by day and by night, and the result had been niL A hand had been stretched oat of the darknets to slay an unoffending young man, in whose life his daughter's happiness had been bound up. That was the whole history of the murder. A shot heard in the night, a bullet fired out of the darkues? with most true ana fatal aim. Not one indication, not one suggestive fact bad been discovered since the night of the murder. " It is hopeless," said Lord Cneriton, talking oyer the calamity with Mr. Scandale, the vicar of Cheriton and Teetwick, adjoining pariahec; " the crime and the motive of the crime are alike inscrutable. If one could ima gine a reason for the act it might be easier to gut upon the track of the murderer; but there is no reason that I can conceive for such a deed. It has been suggested to me that Sir Godfrey might have had a secret enemy—that his life might not have been as spotless as we think—" "I will answer for it that he was never guilty of a dishonorable action, that he pro yoked no man's hatred by any unworthy act," interrupted -the vicar warmly. Hie had been curate at Milbrook before he got the Cneriton living, and had lived at the Priory and pre pared Godfrey Cannichael for Eton, so he claimed the right to vouch for the honor of the dead. "There never was a whiter sjol in n.ortal clay," he said. i*X am i??rlifi«rt to estimate bis character almost as highly as yon," replied Lord Cheriton deliberately," "yet the straightest walker may make one false step—and there may have been some unfortunate entanglement at the University or in London—" "I will never believe it. He may have been tempted—he may have yielded to temp:&tii;>n —but if he erred, be cure he atoned fjr Lv error to the otterxnoct of his power. 11 "There are errors—seeming light to tbe etfpe that stumble—which cannot be afcnn*d for." £3 " There was no encb error in bis youth, l looked in his face on hie wedding day. Lord Cheriton, and it wu tbe face of a man of un bk-roi?hed life—* man who need fear no ghost out ol tbe dead past." QB "Well, yon are right, I believe—and in tn*t case the zntudcr is motiveless—the murder of a madoian —a madman so profoundly sutiol in Lie lunacy aa to escape every eye By heaven, I with we had tbe old way of hunting such a quarry—and that a leash of bloodhounds could have been set loose upon bis track within an hour of tbe nrarder. They would have bunted him down— their instinct would have found him ekullting and shivering in bis lair; and we Bbould have needed no astute detective primed with ail tbe traditions of Scotland Yard. It would hare been emilt, eadden justice—blood fox blood." His dark grey eyes shone with an angry light as he walked up and down the spacious floor of the library, while the vicar stood in front of tbe fire looking gravely into his clerical bat, and without any suggestion to offer. " 2 hope I*dy CarmichaeJ is recovering her spirits," be said feebly after a pa&se.; " She i* not any happier than ebewa«wben let lose was a week okt, but she keepe- np in a w.s£?tfcd«i.f. I be!itv«e£e ia tcrtuMdfry rone wild notion that the murderer will be found—that she will live to we her husband's death avenged. I doubt if at present the has asv other interest in life." r' But let us hope she will be cheered by the society of her husband's people. I bear that tbe Momingsides and tbe Grenvilles are to be at the Priory in November." " Indeed! I have heard nothing about it." " I was at Swanage yesterday afternoon, and took tea with Lady Jane. She was full of praises of Lady Caimicnael's goodness, and bet deeire that all things at tbe Priory might be juet as they had been in Sir Godfrey's lifetime. His brothers in law need to be invited for the shooting in November, and they were to be invited this year, on condition that Lady Jane would help to entertain them, and Lady Jane has consented gladly. So there will be a large family party at tbe Priory on this eide of Christmas," concluded the vicar. "11m glad to hear it," said Lord Cheriton. "Anything is better for her than eolitnde; ary occupation, if it be only revising a bill of fare, or listening to feminine twaddle, is better for her than idleness." "Yes, there will be a bonsefol," pursued tbe vicar, " Mrs. Grenville takes her nursery with her wherever she goes." *■ "And Mrs. Momingside is delighted to leave hen behind her." "Yesj she is one of those mothers who are always telling people what paragons of nurses Providence baa, provided for their darlings, or how. admirably their children are being brought up by a model governess," said the vicar, who was severe upon other people's neglect of duty. " By-the bye, talking of mothers, I believe I saw Mrs. Porter's daughter the other day while I was in town." " You btlieve yon saw her 2" "Yes, I am not certain. T|A face flashed past me in the street one night, and when the face was gone it came upon me that it was Mercy Porter's eyes that looked at me for an instant in the gaslight. I was in one of those crowded . new neighborhoods on the Surrey side of Battenea Bridge, a wilderness, of shabby streets. I had been to hear Vansittait preach a mission eermon at a church near Wandtworth, and I was walking back to Chelsea. It was late on a Saturday night, and tbe road was full of costei mongers' barrows, and the pavement was crowded with working people doing their mar keting. I tried to overtake the girl whoae face had startled me, bat it was no use. She had melted into the crowd. I went back the whole length of tiie street, hoping I might find her in front of one of the coster's stalls; but she must have turned into one of the numerous side streets, and it was hopeless to hunt for her there. Yet I should have been very glad to get hold of her." " Is she much changed V " Changed 2 Yes. It was only the ghost of Mercy Porter that I saw. I should not have known ha bat for her eyes. She had fine eyes, do you remember, and with a great deal of expression in them. I think I should be cafe in swearing to Mercy Porter's eyes," " Did she look poor or ill f' "She looked both—but the illness might be only hunger. She had that wan pinched look one Eees in the faces of the London fro jr, especially in the women's face*." " Have sou told her mother?'' " No; I came to the conclusion that it would be giving the poor soul useless pain to ttll Her anything—having so little to toll. She knew years ago that Colonel Tremaine had deserted his victim, and that the girl had dropped through—God knows where: into the abyss that bwbllowb up handsome young women who. begin their career in West End lodgings and a hired brougham. If the mother were to go in quest of her and bring her home here it might be only to bring shame and misery upon her declining years. The creature may have fallen too low for tbe possibility of reformation, and the mother's hut hours would be darkened by her sin. • I would do much to rescue her—but I would rather try to save her through a stranger's help than by the mother's interven tion." Lord Cheriton continued his pacing to and fro, and did not appearparticularly interested in the case of Mercy Porter. He had been much troubled by her flight from Gheriton, for the Ecducer was his gueet and his own familiar friend, and he had felt himself in somewise to blame for having brought such ? man to Cheriton. He told himself that he would not have had Tremaine inside his house had his own daughter been out of the schoolroom; and yet he had allowed the man to cross the path of the widow's only child and to bring desola tion and sorrow upon the woman whose life he bad in somewise taken under his protection. "There are people whose mission it is to hunt out that kind of misery," he said, after an interval of silence. "I hope one of those good women will rescue Mercy Porter. I tbink you have been «i&e; in saying nothing to the mother. She has got over her trouble, and anything ehe might hear about the girl would only be a reopening of.old wounds." "She is a wonderful woman," replied thp vicar; "I never saw such grief as her'swan tile girl ran away; and yet within a tew montb? Bhe had calmed down into the placid personage the has been ever since. She ia a woman of very powerful mind. I sometimes wonder that even at her age she can content hen-elf witb the monotonous life she leads in that cottage." " Oh. she likes tbe place, I believe, and tbe life suits her," said Lord Cheriton carelise'y "Shebsdeeen a good deal of trouble before she came here, and this was a quiet haven for her after the storms of life. I am very sorry the daughter went wrong," he added gravely, and wito a sadden cloud upon his face. " That was & bitter blow; and I shall never forpive nytelf for having brought that scoundrel Tremaine here.' " He ib dead, is he not ? "i "Yes, he was killed in Afghanistan six y aare ago. He was a good soldier though he was a bad man. I daresay he made hiti being ordered off to India an excuse for .leaving Mercy—left her with a trifle cf money, perhaps, and a promise of further remittances, and then let her drift I told rcy lawyer to keep his eye upon her, if possible, and to establish her in some respectable calling if ever he saw the chance of doirg so; bat the elnded him some how, as you know." " Yep, you told me what you had dcn?. It wat bke you to tbink even of so remote a claim upon your generosity." " Ob, Bhe belonged to Cheriton. 1 1 ate cul tivated the patriarchial feeling as mxcb as I can. All who live upon my lani are under my protection.". ** Lady Cheriton has been a good frier d to Mrs. Porter too. "My wife is always kind." Juanita accepted her cousin's account of what be bad heard and read at St. Helber'a, as the closing of his researches in the history of the Strangways. The eister'e death in' a shabby exile remained to be traced; but there was no light to be expected there; and Jnanita felt she must now submit to surrender her eoperstition about that evil race. U was not from them the blow bad come. The murderer had to be hunted for in a wider .range, and the Suett would be more difficult than she bad bought. She was not the less intent upon ducoverv because of this difficulty " I have ali my life ?c ore me," Bhejtold herself, "and I have nothing to liva lor but to see his murderer punished. 4 It had been Juanita's especial desire that the Morningsidee and the GrenviUes should be in vited to the Priory just as they had been in Sir Godfrey's lifetime—that all the habits of the household should be as he had willed them when his bodily presence was there among them, as be was now in the spirit, to Juanita'a imagination. She thought of him every hoar of the day, and in all things deferred to bis opinions and ideas, shaping the whale course of her life to please him who was lying in that dark resting-place where there is neither pain nor [ le&eure;, (To be continued.) 