THE PARLIAMENTARY STAKES. The Triennial Jhree Hundred. [A Tn-n«i' Tn>. ' i ! ij ( !,')* , or rather the trouble, event, ha6 at !< natl liiiivcd. and this morning the wildest i 1,1 iji:fciiiMn prevails all over the colony. Every- 1.' <iy. uf cnur-se. fancies that he can spot the winner, untlj in fact, if everybody had everything at his own f-v,"i:<'t will there wouldn't be a defeated candidate in • ])(- field. Now, in tipping the winners of the various events, our readers will see at a glance that a matter of this kind is far-and-away more dilJicult than the regular race-ineeting, where touts ami stop-watches are as thick as flies arouud a tar'barrel. Still, in the face of this, we think we can give a larger average of the two-footed than any sporting scribe has yet done of the four-footed animals, Olistaeles arise on every side, and while pleading guilty to not having travelled the world through in search of our valuable information, we can, with all solemn seriousness, assure our readers that we have searched "from poll to poll." Of the past performances of the bipeds we have little to say—tliey speak for themselves—and 1 hough wc have visited the different running grounds, pressure on our space compels us to be brief. When we inform the reader that we have within our recollection the fact of a Mayor of Melbourne who, years ago, attended a merrymaking, and was eventually, in the sma' wee hours, carted home on a wheelbarrow, they will readily understand that we are not over-ambitious to become the chronicler of the early morning gallops of some of our public men. That the Triennial Three Hundred is a stake worth going for is easily seen from the number of eutries, which, while including old favourites by the dozen, boasts of no end of new fctaiters, whose maiden gallop to-day will be watched with considerable interest. Of late the scratchings have been numerous, probably the most prominent being the withdrawal of Daniel Henderson, the dark outsider of Fitzroy ; in short, he's altogether outsider. We never thought Africanus had any idea of facing the starter, for he has not the ghost of a show, either for Fitzroy or any other constituency. So intent, however, is he on having a " go " for the three hundred, that he declares, come what will, he'll take part in the next contest. " Aye," aa he himself puts it, "even if 1 open up a subscription list to raise the entrance money." One thing about the present big event is its undoubted genuineness. Jockeys can occasionally pull their horses, and even our local Searles, O'Connors, Kemps, Beaches and llanlans can " pull" each other, but here to-day the public can stake their bottom dollar that it will have a straight run. We wonder how many out of the thousands of "free and independent electors " who will to-day waltz up and record their votes know the origin of the ballot-box In this beautiful portion of the hemisphere. Not many, we'll warrant. It may not be out of place to give it here. The gentleman who first mooted in Melbourne the cause of all the trouble was a Mr. George Annand, who carried on business as one of our earliest grocers. Many years ago this gentleman was a councillor for Lonsdale ward, and hia fertile brain hit upon the idea of the introduction of vote by ballot for the election of members of the Legislature. It was as far back as February, 1851, that he tabled a motion at a meeting of the Corporation for a petition to the Legislature of New South Wales, praying that in any bill that might be passed to give effect to the intentions of the Australian Colonies Constitution Act, provision should be made to introduce the secret ballot in the vot'ng for Legislative representatives, Ibis was strongly opposed by Mr. liichard Heales, afterwards Democratic Chief Secretary, also Mr. John Thomas Smith, and was supported by Messrs. William Kerr and J. S. Johnston. On a division being taken the voting proved to be equal, and the then Mayor gave his casting vote against the motion. This Mayor was no less a personage than Mr. William Nicholson, another future Democratic Chief Secretary, who in after years came to be known as " the father of the ballot,' in consequence of his exertions to have the ballot embodied in an Electoral Act, passed by the first Legislative Council of the colony. Verily, history doth sometimes reveal strange inconsistencies. To show how differently things are done in Australia to what th ey are in England, we may make passing mention of an election that once (<uot long ago) took place in Maidstone. At an enquiry recently held, it was found that over 100 electors had actually taken a pound apiece to vote for one candidate, when they there and then coolly turned round and voted for "the other feller." This thing would not work here ; besides, pounds are not quite so plentiful. But let us at once return to to-day's race. In a meeting extending over the whole colony it would be next to an impossibility for the greatest tipster on earth to go over the whole territory, and it is our intention to stick solely to Melbourne and the suburbs, where it iB expected in most every case, the running will be good, and it may be taken for granted that some of the heats will be red hot. At East Melbourne the exoitemeut to- day is at fever heat, a formidable trio coming to the post in Zex, Coppin and Stuart. " When shall we three meet again?" The former is regarded as a dead certainty for the first place, while Coppin, who has always something on foot (even if it is only the gout) has many firm supporters. Stuart, the eolt, makes hia first appearance on the track and is looked upon in a certain quarter as being a remarkably dangerous customc-r. That a neck and neck race will ensue goes without saying. Crowds will be glad to welcome Honest George back again in his Beat with a I — hope—I—don't—intrude smile on his jolly face. For East Melbourne there are only two plaoes, and taking everything into consideration we unhesitatingly record our tip as follows — 1\. Zox. 2\. STUART. With the old 'un Coppin juSfc in time to be too late, but close on the heels of Frank Stuart, Glancing over the card for West Melbourne we find the eutries somewhat numerous, no less than five starters having siguified their intention of facing the flag. liarberous it may be on the part of our pious political tipster, 1>ufca glimpse at the names, which are as follow, John Anderson (publican), R. C. Barrett (auctioneer), Dr. Moloney, W. Ti'C. Kelly (barrister), and J. W. Peirce (tobacconist), he expects to see pass the winning poll with a good lead— 3\. PEIRCK. So that those wishing tobacco candidate will do well, when this is found, to make a note of it. Of the others we expect to witness some pretty close running, but we've screwed our courage to the sticking point and stand to our choice. G. D. CARTER has a walk-over for his event, which Bpeaks volumes for his past performances. South Melbourne trots out three representatives—A Borthwick, D. Gaunson and W. G. Mountain. They are all good, but it is a mountain to a molehill on ]. D. GAUNSON. The contest at North Melbourne is likely to be of a very warm description, Messrs. Joyce, Langford, Laurens, Rose, Lloyd and Murphy being the competitors—truly a brilliant array. Murphy's chances are considered good, but there, so are Lloyd's, while Langford is looked upon as very dangerous. There's an old couplet that s&ys;— There's not a name in any book As can cqrupare with Marmadook. But we really do not think that Dr. Rose will get very close up. We select ]. LAURENS. 2, LLOYD, with Murphy next best. At Carlton things have altered but little since the residents refused to put a Curtain top ef poll, and as our Jack knows pretty well every inch of the ground, we put them in the order named—Gardiner, Geddes and Evans, our choice being 1\. GARDINER. Only two are entered for the struggle in Sou%h Carlton—W. levers and W. II. Lsonard—and there is but little to pick and choose from. Both are reported as being in fine fettle, and-this is likely to prove one of the toughest contests of the whole day. W T e go baldheaded for 1\. LEONARD. Collingwood has six starters contesting the two seats, they are (no 1 , the seats, the candidates), W. D. Beazley, W. G. Field, G. D. Langridge, Joseph Syroes, E. Wilkins and W. M. Iv. Vale. This is also likely to prove one of the most stubbornly contested races on record. Wilkins and Symes we leave to fight like grim death as to their chances of saving their deposits, for now the day of reckoning is at hand we fancy the dividing of the spoil lays between Vale, Langridge and Field. Our prophet thus writes them oif 1\. LANGRIDGE ., 2. VALE. For Toorak, Mr. Davies has it all at his own sweet will, nobody disputes this electorate and a walkover is the result. Emerald Hill's battle is to be fought ta a finish by, M. Larkin and T. Smith. The former beipg an auctioneer, should deftest able to administer a knock-down blow, and we go for ]. LARKIN. For Esnendon and Flemington, on previous running form, we place 1\. DFIAKIN, and Rigby, the only other starter, should be second. In East Bourke Boroughs five have entered, and we confess we have a pill before us. But to swallow it at once, here goes — 1\. PEARSON. 2\. METHVKN, with Grigg, Rosens weig and Fleming in at the death. For the Eastern Suburbs we have but two, James Moloney, solicitor, and the only Duncan. Gillies will find that he has a rocky road to travel, but we think that he will just manage to squeeze in, so our forecast is L GILLIES. And now for the city of the model railway, Fitzroy to wit, at which spot a fierce fight is anticipated. There are two places and four candidates who will frantically do their darudest to run into them— Hoi den, the publican's pet, Rest, the Fitzroy lad, and Tucker and Reid, the two old members. Things are a bit mixed, and it is no trifling task to pick out the winners here, notwithstanding that the Third Ambassador has been scratched for all engagements. Our selection is 1\. BEST. 2\. TUCKER, Holden and Reid to race well up for third position. At Port Melbourne F. T. Derhain and P. Salmon measure blades, and, notwithstanding the glorious uncertainty of polling, we must award the pride of place to 1\. DERHAM. Messrs. Nimmo, Miles and Joske are contesting Albert Park, and we expect to see miles between the first and third candidate. Our tip is— 1\. NIMMO. Prahran presents three competitors—Messrs. Willis, Tofein and Dixon—and their efforts to wedge into the coveted seats will create a great flutter. The winner will most likely be found in— 1\. DIXON, with Willis close up, although there is a possibility of Toljin saving the "books." For South Yarra there are three " would-be" representatives— Messrs. Joseph Harris, Chapman, and Blanshard. We think that the final will resolve itself into a flying run home for 1\. HARRIS, he others being a long way in the rear. The good people of Hawthorn breathlessly await the result of the meeting in their part of the world. Messrs. Atkinson and Taylor are pitted against each other. This event should be won eaBily by 1\. TAYLOR. The Jolimonters-hava Smith to choose from. We exn^'., , auctioneer there or thereabouts tow? J but we must award the seat to the old P ^ 1 SMITH. trouble at the fishing village of ty'n'. " there being no less than eight (a cand'}- hot favourites. The style's 6o good f^'r contractor that many favour his chan c - ^ whp snouia prove neet ot toot is ,S CU L one exception they are all local residents ^ stranger we give preference, and accords lo 1\. CLARK. Of the Footscray four who have B intention to "see it out" or "know'guiGtd the r why,' on account of past performances our luvin buzzum the local journalist 1\. CLARK. For St. Rilda, the scratching-board i name of Murray Smith. Of the remainin while expecting a rattling gallop and af' 4 -. finish, we plump for 1\. TURNER, who should land a pretty well-pugy For the Richmond run there are no ] five entries. The more the merrier, for »r luck in odd numbers," says Rory 0'M< 0'11< gauge the state of the poll at the finish'^v finish^v needs some ghost come from Denmark to' all about it. We place them 1\. BOSISTO. 2\. BENNETT. The excitement at Brighton is intense, even being pretty well election mad. The cot between Bent and Campbell and a neck an race is looked forward to. Campbell h a! following, but, our jew's-harp please— The contest is considered a tight 'an- Let us hope they'll run in the right 'un For Campbell and Bent Are the only two sent— But, Tommy we fancy for Brighton, And we think that victory will crown the of 1\. BENT. It was originally intended to hold the Trie Meeting on the first of April, but as we cant too much of a good thing, and as there is a sot suggestiveness of there being something appropriate about this, the date was altered, the gifted powers that be, we must now tender most heartfelt thanks for altering the day of po"' in order to suit to-day's issue of PuNcn. e THURE is a reporter on the Bulletin the outside of whose head is said resemble that of the great Zukertort, The inid of his head is not spoken of. SUCH is fame ! St. James 1 Budget speaks Cassell's ' * Picturesque Atlas " as being prod by the aid of Professor N orris and a colonial writers. Those poor ignorant British don t even know our University Professors! AFTER the result of the action of Sir Robt, De against Henniker Beaton, it can be neither r nor foolish to believe in ghosts. Austra" believed in Henniker Beaton, whereas it was Henniker Heaton's ghost, Robert Dennis, that the substance and foundation for their belie! lay " MARITANA " was produced in Italian in Syd lately. The cultured Potts' Pointers (Potts'P ' is the Toorak of Sydney) were wild with delig We can understand the enthusiasm of tt retired butchers and publicans at hearing mellow accents of that musical Ansonian' they know and love so well in the 6ad sweet 6ta of Tasso, and the singing rhymes of Ario Cospetto ! Per Bacco ! Diavoli! Why, cert 1 And all this time the monkey on the barrel org weeps for the degradation of his country. THE Sunday newspaper in Sydney is bea fruit—some of it good and some of it rather hit It is, as is known, an illegal product, but that present does not signify. Where the fruit is hi is that the Monday morning papers find the to of sporting stale. Most matches in all branc of athletics are worked off on Saturday, and S day papers are thus the first call of the sporta community. Before Bailey started a Sunday pa" first-class men were sent by the orthodox da to report Saturday's events. Now these da crib from the Sunday papers, and save expense. That is bard on the old sporting write Where the particular bitterness comes in is tj these very dailies periodically hound on authorities to put down the publication ot ne papers on Sundays. A MAN went into the shop of a suburban draper Sydney the other day, and after buying »J yards of red flannel " for a sore throat, P aral 5_ the draper by offering him in payment a t noble ! He looked at it, poised it iu his bana, a then passed it back to his customer, mth the rem that he "didn't do any business with thai.»» coin." The man quietly put the piece: rnw pocket and drew out another stamped JJiu^. (the enterprising young man wl l° wa f ® , "Julian the Apostate " and one of the ie« t Emperors that Rome ever had) and handed the draper. "Living Jehovah! saw latter, " where did you get this ? good enough?" said the man. U". » J, Inough," replied the draper, " as far as tbego concerned, "but it isn't current coin. (( that before I was bnried,replied the otoei. how long ago was that?" " FoU . rt f en 'Zb years," was the replv. " I was buried in.i£ and one of your old Crusaders, who haPP® be buried in my grave, had the rose-noW* M.. you sewed up in his shroud, and—we". , The resurrected Roman who told tins » ^ at large, and an eminent com-co.lien« mourning. This reminds us—tnoufe , should we don't very well know-oTan « ^ man who used to call in regularly at tne ^ banks some years ago and want a en 4 ^ signed by Edward 111. "just before the Waterloo." 