BROADBRIM'S NEWTOEK LETTER. If any man or woman supposes that spirit ualism was knocked out when we sent Madame Sis Debar to rusticate on Biackwell's Island for six: months, accompanied bj her spiritual affinity the General, let him or her disabuse their innocent minds of any such foolishness ; for we have just discovered another high spiritual priestess and temple of spook philo sophy and revelation, and the sensation has been enough to keep New York and Brooklyn all of a twitter for the week. It is all non eense to cry out fraud, humbug, lunatic, &c.; «U of these people appear sane enough and talk sensibly enough, but they do things that ?would make your hair stand on end like quills upon the fretful porcupine. Mr. Carroll is a successful stationer, and Mrs. Stryker, the spiritual goddess, is not a fool by a long shot. She knows a hawk from a handsaw, and several other things Reside. Then she is only thirty, with an eye like a black diamond and a cheek like a bloom ing peach. Kb wonder that Mr. Carroll was magnetized. Mr. Carroll was getting along towards the sixties, and Mrs. Carroll was not far behind him, when they lost their only son, a young man aged about twenty-eight, who, petted and pampered and supplied with plenty of money by foolish parents, had ex hausted the world and ita pleasures, and, ^completely used up and blase, died a few years after lie had obtained his majority. Of course the blow was a terrible one to both, parents, and under the dreadful strain the mother completely broke down. Mrs. Stryker, whose mental telephone extended into spook doom, met Mr. Carroll a few days after his bereavement and informed him that she saw the spirit of his boy sitting on the top of his head. This so delighted Mr. Carroll that he .was not exactly sure if he was standing on his head or his heels; but he got Mrs. Stryker immediately to interview the ghost. She told the father that the young man was enjoying himself hueely in kingdom come; that he had his dogs and his guns, his horse and his yacht, and, morever, a young spiritual divinity named Bright Eyes was paying him marked attention; and in short, he was getting along at comfortably as any young man could be -expected to be under the circumstances. The bereaved and doting father was delighted to hear it; be declared that nothing was too good for " Cliff," From this time out Mr. Carroll appears to have devoted himself to Mrs. Stryker. Mrs. Stryker removed from her humble apartments in Brooklyn to ele gant quarters in New Tort; her house be came a marked spiritual centre ; seances were held every day and night, and shekels rolled in by the bag-full. Five dollars a pop for communications with the lost husbands or departed wives ; and weeping widows who wanted to know what their future chances -were in the matrimonial market, were ex pected to come down an extra two dollars and a half. A year passed by, and Mrs. Stryker said that" Cliff " (that was the son) tu going to be married to Bright Eyes; this met the old gentleman's hearty approval, as he had discovered himself, although he was sixty, that it is not good for man to be alone. When Mrs. Carroll found out that Mr. Carroll was devoting too much attention to Mrs. Stryker, and that while Mrs. Stryker was cut ting round with Iryons silks and three-piled velvet, she was having a hard time in Canton flannel and five cent calico. Thereupon Mrs. Carroll got her mad up and kicked up a lively shindy. She made it exceedingly warm for Carroll and somewhat lively for Mrs. Stryker, but Carroll was equal to the occasion. The spirits informed him his wife was crazy as a loon; he forthwith summoned a couple of physicians and they interviewed the distracted wife, and two days after she was dragged out of her house and shut up in a lunatic asylum. Mr. Carroll then moved to Mrs. Striker's house, and as the wedding of his eon with Bright Eyes approached, he got up magnificent .wedding invitations and stmt them to all his friends. The house was a bower of flowers, ?a spiritual clergyman was found to tie the -celestial knot, a couple of empty chairs, wreathed in roses, were supposed to contain .Cliff and Bright Eves: all the company passed .the choirs bowing to the unseen spooks, and ?the affair wound up with a magnificent sup per-seventy- fire guests eat down to table, and .the spiritual wedding wound up in a blaze of glory After a time Mrs. Stryter announced that 4 son had been born to Bright Eyes and Cliff. Mr. Carroll wa« ready to stand on his head lie was a grandfather; and the priestess an nounced that the child would he baptized in the middle of the Falls of Niagara. Mr. Carroll hired a special train and carried up a hundred spiritual friends to witness the cere mony. Down they went to the Horseshoe Fall; no one but Mrs. Stryker saw the spooks, tut she saw them as plain as a pikestaff. Meanwhile poor Mrs. Carroll was fast behind prison bars in & lunatic asylum, and no spooks ?were trying to help her out, though Mr. Carroll was spending her money like wafer. Opinions are divided as they were in the case of O'Delia. Some swear that Mrs. Stryker is a true medium, having a douhle sctioned telephonic communication with the other fide of Jordan ; and many more, .equally profound, declare she is a fraud of the first water and ought to he sent to the peni tentiary. One thing is certain, Mr. Carroll believes in her as firmly as Luther Marsh did in Ann O'Delia Dis Debar. Luther Marsh is not cured yet., and the best thing now to do would be to have the four of them go into partnership. Thev would make a spirit team that would make Rome howl. ' This good people is in the great city of T5ew York in the month of January, 1889. We are wont to make fun of onr Puritan ances tors, and to deride their belief in witches, and pride ourselves on our superior intelligence in this year of grace, and yet at that spiritual wedding and baptism were doctors, lawyers and rich merchants taking an active part in the ceremony, and when Madame Blavatzky get" back here, which she will shortly, the Tiigh priestess of Theosophy will have scores of men and women in her train among the moat gifted and intellectual of the land. Few men ?of the century are more gifted than Lawrence Oliphant, a gentleman and an accomplished scholar, yet he knelt at her feet like a spaniel, and died believing ir> her as a goddess. There are plenty of spiritualists here, men and women of the most unquestioned intelli gence and honor, who deprecate the vagaries of these so-called spiritual prophets. Judge Dailey, Mr. Tice, Mr. Keddle, for many years «nperintendent of our public schools, and many others equally prominent, but they are fltill unshaken in their spiritual belief, and we may as well make up our minds that spiritualism ha« come to stay. That I can't believe in it may possibly be nothing to mv credit, but I can't. I am, unfortunately, con stituted like Thomas the apostle. I should want to put my hand in the wound, and even then 1 should be apt to distrust the evidence of my senses rather than believe in any super natural thing. But New York offers t» very ?fine field for enterprising mediums. The crop of fools is bountifuL Let them come and reap the harvest. The end of a romance came suddenly this week whose opening I watched with interest twenty-five years ago. It was in the spring of 1863 when a well-to-do friend of mine rushed into my house, his face all bpamin? with smiles, and informed me that a boy baby had been left 'he night before upon his door-step. The gentleman had no children of his own, so he recommended his wife to adopt it, which ehe did. Years rolled on. and the child grew apace, handsome, bright, intelligent, affection ate, and all that a son should be to his parents The secret of his birth had been carefully con cealed from him, and he had so wound him self aiwind bis adopted mother's heart f iwt .he felt as much affection for bim as if he had been her own flesh and blood. The family removed to San Francisco, and the adopted father of the child died. The bond between mother and son -was thereafter eren closer than it was before ; be, perfectly satisfied in his mother's love, and she, leanirg upon the eon as the staff of her old age. Business being rather dull in California at the time, and the mother in her sorrow and loneliness longing for the scenes of ber early home, she sent on her son in advance to see what chance there was for establishing himself in New York. On his arrival in the city he called on an old friend of bis mother's for counsel and advice, and thereafter made his friend's office, which was on Broadway, his headquarters while looking about the tity. One day, a lady, closely veiled and apparently excited, entered the office and asked for the young man, but he was not in. She called again twice with a like result. At last an appointment was made, and she requested an interview in private. She then informed him that she was his real mother and that the man whom be called father was his fat her-that it was upon his request he was left upon his doorstep, and feeling that the safety of her child was assured, she hid her shame as best she conld, and after years she married a wealthy farmer on Long Island and was then the mother of five chil dren. After breaking this terrible intelligence to him elie wanted to embrace him, but he cast her from bim and rushed from tlie room as she fell fainting on the floor. She soon departed to return no more, and the young man, whose life had been blasted, wandered about like a maniac. He returned to San Francisco, but his mother was no longer his mother, the old love was dead in his heart; the strain was too much for her, and three weeks after they laid her to rest on (lie bleak side of Lone Mountain. Last week the fatal drama closed in the upper room of one of the cheap hotels. Young Gk was discovered dead; a 32-calibre pistol told the story of liis taking off-and so the curtain falls on another Jvew York tragedy. 