'TQCULL GOSSIP FROM HOME. (FROM OUR CoBRiiaroNDEKTs.) LONDON, MABCH 29. n i,e death of Mr. Bright has called forth a J,rua of sorrow, sympathy, and regret Shicta has had no parallel since the Prince ronsort's death. Perhaps in that case there mar have been some discordant muttering* from men who were fanatics in republicanism fitat and human beings afterwards. But in Mr Bright's case there is no break in the harmony of the national dirge. He had the atrance fortune to pass from being the poli tical apostle of one half the nation to being the political apostle of the other-but with out forfeiting the reverence and the love of those whose severest censor he became. For years past the man who has uttered BO many beautiful and pathetic sayings about family lite was practically a stranger to that life himself-at least, for so much of the year oa he spent in the capital Hie wife was dead, his daughters were married, and his sons'were scattered elsewhere. He had a e;mple lodging in Piccadilly, and his days were spent at the Reform Club. It was curious to note the position which was accorded to him there. His presence was like the presence of royalty. It produced on a! I who came in contact with him a striking and almost solemnising effect. " Here's Bright 1" waB the exclamation which would pass in whispers from mouth to mouth; and then men would lower their tones and moderate their laughter, as he passed before them. When he took hiB accustomed seat in the smoking or coffee room his friends would edge up deferentially to him, not forcing their talk upon him, but waiting to observe whether his mood was favourable to conversation. The expression of hia face in these last years was habitually more stern than of yore, hia gait was Blow, and his manner abstracted. Bat, unlike the case of many Unionists, his attitude towards the Gladstonian section of his party led to no breaches of friendship. Nobody dared to contradict him or argue with him. His animadversions were borne in reverent silence. His second son, who is a Glad stonian member of Parliament, alone of all men once ventured to make him an answer, and that was on paper. Mr. Bright had written the young man a rating tor some vote he had given in the House of Commons, and those who know Mr. Bright's public epistolary style, may imagine that his tamily rebukes were none of the mildest The young man's reply was in this fashion: "My Dear Father,-I have received your letter ; but, really, is this the style in which one statesman Bhould address another ?" In the very manner in which Mr. Bright scanned a telegram on the notice-board, or turned over the pages of a newspaper, it was plain to see how deep was his discontent at the turn which public affairs had taken. The last time be ever spoke in the House of Commons was in 18S6, when he seconded the motion for Mr. Arthur Peel's election to the Speakership. The last vote he gave was in September, 1887, in oppobition to a motion condemnatory of the proclamation of the National Lengue. He never entered the precincts of the Palace of Westminster during 1888, and, indeed, only came to London for the purpose of attending some dinnerparties. It was very apparent to those who saw him at that time that his end was not tar off. He was shrunken and feeble in the extreme, moving about slowly, and Beeking sup port at every moment by resting bis hand on any table or chair that abutted on his path. Mr. liriffht had the reputation of being an inveterate smoker. As a matter of fact, he seldom exceeded one cigar at a sitting; but he had the art of prolonging the process of ita consumption beyond any man who ever existed. His dinner hour was half-past 5, and his meal consisted generally of mutton broth and rice pudding, washed down with cold water. It was always easy to see where Mr. Bright had been dining, on account of the portentous dibris of bread crumbs and pellets on the table. As he discussed public affairs, he gave expression to his discontent by plucking savagely at his bread. He was for many years an habitual billiard player, but two years ago the club friend with whom he ployed-a Mr. Nicholson, a Quaker-died, and John Bright did not care to renew the pastime with another. All his life long he was a man who kept green the memory of departed friends. John Bright is commonly spoken of to-day as essentially a middle-class ®aj1' There certainly was never a man who had a less middle-class manner and address in private intercourse. His bearing was at all times futl of "distinctionwhen there was nothing in the subject of conversation to evoke the scero idignatto lot which his soul ww capable it was suave and easy enough. Of manners," in the ceremonial sense, ne may be said to have had none. On one occasion in Cabinet Lord Oran ville passed round a slip of pa per to certain of his colleagues, including Mr. Bright asking them to dine with him that night When the paper came back to Lord Granville It contained various acceptances, and refusals couched in the conventional phrases of pleasure or regret. Over the initials J.B. was this laconic sentence-"I have dined." The hour was 2. Poetry was Mr. Bright's foible. He was fond of reciting it to a friend. He often remembered long pieces, although he had forgotten the name of their author, and tbe circumstances which led him to commit them to memory. He was angry with Disraeli when be suggested that they had both alike entered Parliament " for tame but no man ever consumed more midnight oil than did he in perfecting his oratorical style. His earlier manner was florid. It was only by long years of nightty reading and daily self-criiicism that he attained to the felicitous simplicity which is the.glory of hiB spoken work. For many years he made it a rule never to go to bed without perusing for the Bake of its style some portion of an English masterpiece. He found particular advantage in studying the style of Addison, although there was little that was alike in the genius and temperament of the two men. One man has dared to imitate him, or rather to found himself upon his style. It is Lord Roae bery. &r.; Bright was a favourite with women in society, and be also greatly enjoyed their com pany. Habitually well bred, certain things in society aroused in him a petulant outburst of nis old puritanism. He conld not bear to see ? *on?®n drink wiue. Most women who »ww k prejudic9 on the subject made it n?£!5 cafe abstain in his company, but <M4 - w«.° hrad ?°, lafoHostion on the sub ° «tfwbiing aP°a themselves the Bbfifr* ****** . At* Cabinet Minister Mr. Bright cannot be Mid to have been a Bncceill His first office was that of President of the Board of Trade. He entered it with all the prejudice* against the official class which belonged to vrlm £?,. lBter^ ^bending Radical from the North ; but he was at once captivated by Sir Thomas Farrer and Sir Lonis Mallet, whop, he found to be as fervent disciples of Bright and Cobden as he himself. He rather bored the Honse of Commons with laudations of bis permanent staff, and it was at this period that the first signs were' observed of hia subsequent breach with King Demos, for he indulged occasionally in a strange tendency to palliate the practices of thoee adulterating tradesmen whom it waB his official duty to harry and pursue. In a year an affection of the blood vessels in the brain brought his official career to an end for the time. He rejoined Mr. Gladstone's Cabinet for a short period during the recess of 1873-4, and in 1880 he again took office, retiring finally in 1832. because he regarded the bom bardment of Alexandria as " contrary to the moral law." During these last two rears of office he on more than one occasion bad the opportunity of perusing memoranda contain ing the substance of reports sent home by the now famous " Major Henry Le Caron," though the name of the writer was unknown to him-or, for the matter of fact, to Sir William Harcourt-and in later years he has told more than one friend that it was these Home Office papers which had led him to alter his attitude towards the Irish Nation alist party. He never was cured of his prejudice against the military profession, and one of the last occasions on which his utterances attracted special attention was on an occasion in 1886 -after he had joined the Unionist ranks when he told, " for what it was worth," a story he had heRrd about our soldiers killing the wounded at Abu Klea. The story was explained afterwards satisfactorily. In Cabi net hia wrath would often be excited by being invited to consider the protests of major-generals or admirals against some measure to which he wished the Government tocommititselt. "What have these persona to do with it ? Why are they consulted ? Surely we have settled this question lor ourselves " would have been his comment on such pro tests. Mr. Bright, although a man of wit and humour, had no spark I of sympathy with levity of conversation or mind, and he retained, notwithstanding his close contact with the world, all the Puritan's horror of sin. Tbe Duke of Buckingham and Chandos, who died on the same day and ot the same malady as Mr. Bright, although but poorly endowed by nature, was perhaps not his in ferior in rectitude and steadfastness of character. His father's ruin was the sensation and scandal of a past generatton. The old duke was what was called "a man of elegant tastes." He gratified them without any refer ence to the effect on his banker's account. Just after entertaining the Queen and Prince Consort in a style of unexampled magnifi cence, he " went smash " for £1,800,000. The duke, who is just dead, joined his father in releasing tbe whole interest in the family estates tor the benefit of the creditors. This act.ot magnanimous honesty was of no ad vantage to the father, who eked out a liveli hood as a bookseller's hack, but it saved the honour of the house. When the son came into the title and some other property on his father's death, he continued to set aside every penny of his income in payment of bis father's debts - living himself upon what he earned as chairman of the North western Bailway. He knew every guard and engine-driver in the company's service by name, and often drove an engine himself, be coming in time one of tbe greatest expert authorities on railway management and materiel in the kingdom. When the Tories came into power in 1663, the duke was at first made President of the Council, and after wards Colonial Secretary. In this latter post his name is associated with the Darling episode in the history of Victoria, and to him the credit is due, if it be a credit, of expand ing the Order of St. Michael and St George from being a purely Mediterranean order of knighthood to one for the colonies at large. Probably no man ever filled a Cabinet office who was so ill-endowed with the graces and accomplishments of a politician, lie had much the appearance of one of his old friends the engine drivers, and something of their manner and speech. At the same time, rough diamond that be was, he was intensely proud of his lineage and his many and high sounding titles, lie felt that he was worthy of them, looking to the sacrifices he bad made to dissociate them from shame. When bis party came back to power in 1874, they fcund a berth for him as Governor ol 'Madras, where he did good administrative work in the j famine years; and when they came back j again in 1886 they made him Chairman of j Committees in the House of Lords, with a 1 salary of £2,000 a year, and the duty of look ing after private bill legislation. Lord Salis bury, in moving him to the office, made so flowery a speech about him as to extract from Lord Granville the witty observation that he really wondered the noble Marquis had not taken so admirable a Crichton into his Cabinet. The dukedom of Buckingham becomes extinct for the third time by the I death of the late peer. Minor titles pass to a nephew and a daughter. Last night the Government were only saved from a beating by two rotes on a ques tion relating to the throwing open to the public of a road in the Green- park called "Constitution HilL" To have the privilege of driving up Constitution Hill is considered in England to be nearly as great a distinction as the Garter. When Lord Castlereagh was buying up the Irish borough-mongers with a view to passing the Act of Uuion, be offered marquisates to three or four of them. One of them requested that instead of a marquisate, he might be given a pass to drive up Consti tution Hill. He was told to go to an unmen tionable place, for an impudent dog as be was. The road skirts one side of Bucking ham Palace Gardens. The road across the front of the palace has long been open for traffic, and there is no particular reason why the road alongside the dead wall of the gar dens should not be so also. There are men on both aides in the Commons who mean it to so-albeit it does not afford a particularly short cut to or from anywhere. The change wilt be undoubtedly regarded as a humiliation by the Royal Family, and will give a con siderable shock to the feelings of many worthy and old-fashioned people. But the road is the " Bastille" of the new born " Commune" of London, and in this year of " 89" it's barriers probably will go down for ever before tbe advancing host. j LONDON, APBit 5. It is impossible to say on what such im pressions are based, but I have a most dis tinct impression that England has just re covered from a lit of the blues, lasting over some few months. The world seems more gay and more interested in itself. " 1 dined with the Lord Mayor on Wednesday," once! remarked Frederick Locker, the poet, "and I. was a pessimist all Thursday. On Friday I dined off the joint at my club,and on Saturday morning I woke declaring that whatever is ia n'/fDoi" Ti»e has recovered irom a liver; mioi^ aS l8 me"y at its release from J?'8"* Perhaps the release of John Bright Ju?T ,a Ion* misery may have hod some iiii/L40 d°.with change. The Entield election . may also have contributed. Its result made it plain that there tL.w »political criaia imminent. The Unioniata have thus a new lease of life; and o»fi ^'aastonians Brenot sorry. The more ?Tv® °,"e!? not wanfto return to power iiiin #Cu' ?n.. .e place because tbey be J'fe that their leader would confer places il a? "tt.tjter ca" ^e "old gang," that is Mr. Childera and men of his Btamp; ,a next place, they propose Soil ?monBatLCabinet Ministers' wives there snail be a lady or two whom it would be more appropriate that the Prince should welcome to court than hia mother. They are, in fact, committing day by day that obscure form of high treason known °s imagining the death of the King," r rather the Queen, for it is the King s accession that they desire. They also imagine" the death of Mr. Gladstone, believing that tbey could " work" him better as a memory than as a living personality jnst as 1 lie Times worked Lord Beacons field when thev erected that splendid elec toral instrument, the Primrose League, upon his grave. By the way, talking of the Primrose League, I met an unfortunate Gladstonian last night at the Lyric Club, who appeared to have suffered more severely from that organisation than his fellows, He married one of a series of American beauties, who are all settled in this coantry, the other sisters being married to prominent Tories, rhe Gladstonian husband had, however, been dragged against his will by his wife, and her sisters to a great Primrose function, nominally called for a business purpose. In the middle of it ail, the Duke of Abercorn, who presided, was suddenly seized with the happy "impromptu" thought of asking all present to a champagne supper. The Gladstonian (having been a deacon at a Baptist Chapel before he married into " the Marl borough-house set "j bethought him of those scriptural injunctions which exhort us to spoil the Egyptians, and he, therefore, decided to drink aB much of the primrose champagne aa he could carry away. Heavens! What was that man's punishment. The champagne proved to be some enrions mineral compound founded upon a basis of petroleum; and I should imagine that the Gladstonian will not have folly recovered it for a week. But this atory of the Gladstonian with a bilious attack is by the way. As to the recovery of its spirits by the. world, the first evidence of it was the increased interest in the University boat race The institution had been on the wane for Bome years. But on Saturday laBt there was a greater, a more varied, and a more hilarous crowd than in any previous year. I saw the race from the terrace of St Anne's-a villaat Barnes,once tenanted by the wickedest of all the wicked Earls of Lonsdale, but now bought by the Lyric Club. It is a beautiful house, full of seductive statuary, and there is a great ridine school attached, where, in daya gone by, the wicked old Earl used to sit in a pulpit aloft on Sunday afternoons and I watch the ladies of the opera and the ballet ride roond and round on circus- horses " mid nodings on "-or at least very little. NowI this riding-school is tenanted by the horses I and carriages of the virtuous musical world and its wife. The President of the Lyric Club is that inveterate Bohemian, the Earl oi Lon desboiough. On the boat race day, he arrived at the club in a steamer from Westminster, bearing 200 of the leading "executants " in the dramatic and musical professions, who are the gneBts of the club, 'rhe day was what we call here a "spring" day; but three hours on the deck of a steamer in an English March is enough to take the colour out of women's cheeks, and to pinch and shrink their featnres almost out of recognition. It was like Dante's visit to the Inferno to stand-by, and watch the ladies as they emerged from the tunnel which led to the landing place. The dainty " Hope-Temple," most exquisite and caressing of blonde Hebrews, was scarcely re- j cognisable. Then came Rose Norreys, Violet Vanbrugh, Lucille Saunders, Jessie Bond, Geraldine Gilsnar, Maude Tree, Annie Hughes, Dorothy Dene-all the lovely beings whose laces and photographs tarn the heads, of youth-all for the moment stripped of every charm, and the mere ghosts of their dead Eelves. When they had had their luncheon, they were all right again. It was very Bad looking over the wall on to the towing path beneath,to seeabandof three mendraped up as Ethiopians, and singing with forced gaiety for a few scarce coppers-three men | who, 10 years ago, were Irish county gentle men, exercising the commission of the peace, and having servants to wait on them, and horses and carriages and dogs for their amusement In these days of change, it is fortunate when the victims of misfortune have go enough in them to turn even to negro minstrelsy. The charge is most hard upon those who are incapacitated from making* a new start by sex, age, or infirmity. The boat race is largely used as an occasion for advertising by new aspirants for public favour. On Satur day I saw a very impressive exemplification of this tendency. The river was traversed rapidly by a steam launch beating huge advertisements of a new kind of soap. On the deck a lady and gentleman were washing vigorously, whilst a third representative of the firm pelted the people on the banks and bridges with packets of the soap. The impressiveness of this advertisement was [ chiefly noticeable on the eyes, noses, and mouths of ths spectators. Another instance of the reviving frivolity of the world is the feverish interest which society and the clubs are taking in a strange misunderstanding which has occurred be tween Lord Randolph Churchill and Mr. Chamberlain in regard to the seat for Mid Birmingham, vacated by the death of Mr. Bright It may or may not have been thought worth while to inform yon of this by your political informants. The ferment which it nas caused in the London world is out of all proportion to its real poli tical significance. Lord Randolph has had his eye on Birmingham for years past, ever since dars when be brought certain charges and allegations against Mr, Cham berlain in connection with certain hired rowdies, of whom the leader bore the name of " Harry Mack." In 1885 his Lordship con tested Mid-Birmingham against Mr. Bright, running him to within800, and he promiseahis supporters to return one day. Last Novem ber the local Unionist Liberals made a bar gain with the Tories that if the latter wonld support them in the municipal elections they would cede Mid-Birmingham to a Tory candidate whenever a vacancy should occur. Of this arrangement the Liberal Unionists duly informed Mr; Chamberlain by letter, but at the moment the lettet reached Mr. Chamberlain he was stretched on a bed of agony, or rather a berth ot agony. He was on board the steamer starting for New York to bring back his American bride, and he never read the letter. On Tuesday last, when the deputation of Tories from Mid-Birmtnghatn armed in London to solicit Lord Randolph to contest the seat. Mf. Chamberlain un expectedly interposed with an objection appealing to the well recognised general under* standing between the Liberal Unionists and the Conservatives that they are not to inter fere with one another's seats. Lord Randolph replied by telling his friend of the manner in which the local politicians had modified the general national arrangement Mr. Cham berlain, without reflecting that his ignorance might possibly be bis own fault, at once declared that no ench agreement existed. Lord Randolph at once offered to submit the matter to Lord Hartington and Sir Michael Hicks- Beach, which Mr. Chamberlain agreed to. The whole matter was disposed of in an hour, and in the absence of proof of the existence of the aliened agreement the matter was decided against Lord Randolph, who accordingly submitted, and gave up the idea of contesting the seat. Tiie imme diate result was a cry of impatience from the Gladstonians. The impression was general that Lord Randolph's candidature would have been a "Boulangist" candidature-that is to say thathe would have come forward with some anti-Baifourian national programme to settle the Irish question out of hand on some compromise lines. The letter which Mr. Labonchere wrote him expressed much annoyance at his having taken any advice at all. "My dear Randolph," he wrote, "if I had been the moBt prominent actor in a certain crisis in Hebrew history, I should as soon have thought of submit ting my conduct to Pontius Pilate, Caiaphas, and Doubting Thomas." Doubting Thomas was, of course. Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, and the story of the note being repeated by both its writer and recipient, the name of " Doubting Thomas " is likely to stick to the unfortunate Sir Michael for the rest of hid career; As a matter ot fact, Lord Randolph's can didature was not in any sense hostile to the Government. He finds his positian of isola tion a mistnke, and he wanted to confer on the Government a " crowning mercy " in the form of a 5,000 majority. He could then have come back into office on his own terms. What Mr. Chamberluin's motives were it is lesB easy to divine. Under the signature of a "Tory M.P.," Mr. Louis Jennings in The Times of to-day declares that Mr. Chamberlain acted on the maxim that there can not be two kings in Brentford. Mr. Louis Jennings is one of the three per sons who constitute Lord Randolph's follow ing in the House of Commons-the other two being Mr. Hanbury and Lord Curzon, who iB Lord Randolph's brother-in-law. It is not known whether Mr. Chamberlain thinks that his own position is a mistake, as Lord Randolph thinks of his; but it appears that Mrs.' Chamberlain does so think. It has been remarked that she is by no means the brilliant, gay, and fresh-com plexioned girl that her portrait represented her. The fact is that she finds herself some what in the position of Pauline in the "Lady of Lyons." She fully understood from her suitor that he was the greatest man in England, and that he had only to hold up his finger and all England would fall at his feet; in fact, that a marriage with him was the next thing to marrying Royalty. Well, she finds it is otherwise. Ha and she are acceptable members of politico fashionable society, but the interest in politics centres round other combatants than her idol. For such a position as she occupies, she would never have quitted her native land and the society of Washington. Luckily, all the world who meet her are pleased with her and pet her. The Prince of Wales met her a Sunday or two ago at the luncheon table of that famous entrepreneuae of celebrities, Lady Dorothy Neviil, and she has been pronounced by His Royal Highness to be quite up to bis stand ard of " form." 