THE MYSTERY IN BERKELEY-SQUARE. (From Cassell's Saturday Journal.) To this day it remains a mystery, and it will probably ever remain so. There is no ques- tion of delusion ; no one could or can deny it. The facts are facts, plain and unvarnished ; and, as they were told to the writer by a friend —if he were not a relative of the parties—they shall be repeated. As there is no use in alarm- ing people, we shall not mention the number of the house. It is, however, on the west side of Berkeley-square, London, W. ; and we re- peat that the tale is absolutely true. The house, which we visited, was at that time apparently untenanted. It was eertainly in a bad state of repair, and as certainly not to be let. No tenant was desirous to inhabit it ; for, though a care-taker and his wife lived in the basement, they could not enter the haunted room ; and the mansion had remained empty and desolate in the whirl of Mayfair. These were the conditions when a family from the country came, and, despite the ex- terior appearance of the house, were certainly pleased with its interior arrangements. The house suited all parties, and it was painted and renovated sufficiently to satisfy the tenants for the season. The trades-people were all on the tip-toe of expectation, for no one had ever lived in the house for four consecutive weeks. Rent had been surrendered, and a hurried de- parture had again caused the advent of the care-takers. "It was their doing," was the whispered comment. "These people say the house is haunted, and so they have house- room." But they never dissuaded a tenant. Many tenants came and went ; sounds were heard, and something uncanny was in posses- sion, for no one remained. The family who came into temporary pos- session of the mansion had no idea of its his- tory, and it is at this period—in the year 1871 —that the writer's acquaintance with the house began. The new tenants took posses- sion, and were handed over all the keys. There were occupants for all the bed-rooms, and one upper apartment was allotted to the house-maid. It was a nicely furnished room, at the back of the house ; small, but, except for a peculiar atmosphere, very comfortable. "No one had hitherto slept in that room," they said, "and it was rather damp." So a fire was lighted, and the bed made ready for its new occupant. The girl came in in good time, and went up stairs to bed. Everything was in readiness for her, and the lady's maid, who had indicated the apartment, had left her. Ere she had got into bed, a piercing shriek aroused the household ; then a heavy fall in the house-maid's room caused them to hasten up- stairs. What could be the matter ? Mistress and servants rushed up together ; master followed. The room was broken open, and a terrible sight met the gaze of the intruders. The poor girl, partly dressed, was lying insensible on the floor, in a dead faint. She was laid on the bed, and remedies were applied as soon as possible. The convulsive movement of her limbs were succeeded by violent ravings, and it required two men to hold her, so terrible were her struggles. Her appearance was that of a maniac, and when, with the assistance of a doctor, she had been calmed, it was perceived, with unutterable terror, that the poor girl was "raving mad." She was quite exhausted for a while, but the paroxysms again began. She was removed as soon as possible, and, after a while, a lucid interval intervened. To ques- tions addressed to her, she only replied, with terrified mien and nameless horror in her face, " Yes, I saw it ! I saw it !" and relapsed into imbecility. Now, what she had seen was a mystery. She never gave any account of the horribly- strange sight that met her gaze. The story got wind, and was laughed at ; was credited wholly or partly, according to the constitu- tions of the hearers. The tenants avoided the room, which was again locked up, and no more was heard of "the ghost" for awhile. It happened, one evening, that the tenants gave a party. There was a small dance, and amongst the guests were some Guardsmen and other officers. There was some curiosity ex- pressed as to the haunted room, and many of the guests—particularly the military ones— laughed at the idea of any danger or ghost. Finally, the subject absorbed general attention ; dancing was discarded for discussion ; the be- lievers outnumbered the sceptics. " I'll bet you five pounds," said a young officer, "that I will go and remain an hour in the haunted room, and come down unharmed." " Done !" exclaimed his opponents. " Don't !" exclaimed the more timorous of his friends. The lady of the house and her husband both en- deavoured to dissuade him. But he was firm. He laughed ghosts to scorn, and jestingly bade " farewell" to his companions. He carried a candle, and, as he prepared to ascend to the room, which had been lighted with gas, some presentiment seems to have affected him, but he laughed away all remonstrance. " You won't frighten me with a regiment of ghosts," he said. " But I'll secure my retreat. Re- member, if I ring once, you will be ready to come upstairs, because you will then under- stand that I have seen something, and may re- quire assistance." They promised, and he con- tinued, " But if I ring twice, you will at once know that I am in peril, and then some up as fast as ever you can. I shall not wring without reason." They wished the young fellow good luck, and, standing in and near the drawing-room door, watched him ascend the stair-case. He laughed them a cheery " good-bye," entered the room, which was fully lighted, and shut the door loudly. The noise echoed through the house now silent, for everyone, even the servants, were on the qui vive, and the ringing of the bell was anxiously expected. The men stood on the landing ; the ladies generally remained in the room, conversing only in whispers, and feeling, as one expressed it, as if something was going to happen. He had been gone fifteen minutes, and no sound had alarmed the guests. Bets began to be talked of, and wagers tendered that he would not ring, and that there was no " ghost" nor mystery at all. Suddenly a faint " ting, ting" was heard from the basement. There was no mistake he had rung the bell ! On the startling notice the ladies ran out, and some of the men began to ascend the stairs. A few were for rushing up at once, but the courage of their friend and their agreement held them back ; still, they were ready for a dash up the flight at the first tingle of the second bell. Some terrible minutes passed ; the ticking of the clock was distinctly audible. Then a loud, violent crash of the bell—a sound of fearful significance to all who heard it. Two seconds sufficed for the men to reach the room and burst open the door. This was what they saw. The young officer, stretched in his evening dress, on the bed, rigid, dead ! His jaw had dropped ; his eyes were staring open vacantly in mortal terror ; a dumb, stony fear and awful horror stamped on his features. His left hand clutched the bell-rope which had summoned up his friends. But no presence was visible. No form appeared to alarm the others. There he lay, stark, star- ing mad in death. What he had seen whether demon or spirit—must for ever re- main a mystery as great as ever puzzled the London world. He died, scared to death by the awful apparition which he had in some manner defied or offended. Some time after, we believe in 1879, the condition of the house and the mystery again claimed attention. Questions were publicly addressed to those interested, but no reply was given, nor was any explanation ever afforded of this perfectly true mystery of Berkeley- square. ——————— The Sydney Morning Herald says :—The Hurdle race at Rosehill on Saturday, furnished a noteable instance of the glorious uncertainty of the turf. After settling the pretensions of his opponents, Whitefoot came down the straight apparently the easiest of winners, whereupon an enthusiastic trainer from Redfern offered to lay 40 to 1 on the leader, a wager that was promptly accepted by a well-known Pyrmont sportsman, who had only time to book the bet when the horse struck the last hurdle and fell, allowing Galway to win without an effort. 