UNCLE EBEN'S GHOST. " I hope I don't intrude," said the Menagerie iatn. Supper was just ready at Valley Farm. Savory fried hamrn, each brown slice topped off by the golden sphere of an eg:, fresh crullers, apple sauce and new bread ; and thefan.ily,. comfort ably seated, stared with all their eyes as the tall, gaunt shownian came in, bringing a gust of frosty nilght air with him. "Set by, stranger, set by," said Jonathan Crofton, who was a regular Arab in point of hos pitality, and would have invited Beelzebub hjinself to supper if that much viliiied personage had chanced to pass by aeta ncal time. " Take a bite !" 'i Not as I want's to bg.," said the Mencgerie .Man, apologetic:ally. "I pays my way where ever I goe'. It aint as I'm peor, ladies and gentlemen," with a comprehensive obeisance around the board. "lBut them taverns sdoes charge so like the Old IHarry, and no canci likes to be swindlel." "Bless me," sold Mrs. Crofton, who had aishn to get an extra cup and saucer, "if it aint the funny chap as we saw at the circus, as rin a race with the mon:key and cracked peanuts with his head inside the tiger's month." " The wery samie, ma'an,," saidl the stranger," hisg, in visaterelaxing into a smile. "Let the ladies alone for find!in out anything, bless their dear hearts ! Ys 'sm, I'm the c!l p. Signor Recordo Lesiardi, ma'sam, at yourservice. Born in the State of Maine, and baptized Aze.riah Black. And if you hain't no objcctior.s to it, ma'am, I'll be glad to ledge here to-night. We're on thie more, nai'al, n:e and the mnenaecrie. And I've lired Squire D)cnnison's brn to lock up ti;e crecturs in, and we're ,al!eulatin' to jog on to morrow mornin' at three o'clock, so as the farm hainns and little boys along the road sha'n't get a eratis view of the will animuals." "TYou're welcome, stranger-- you're wel come," said Mr. Crofton, regarding his viitor not without a certain awe ; for the man who was familiar with tigers, and hanldle leopards and panthers like so many tanme cats. must surely be different from tihe rest of the human race; and tih Menagerie Man ate and drank with an appe tite which gratified Mrs. Crofton's housewifely pride in no common deeree. " Yours is a queer trade, stranger," the farmer observed, over his after-supper pipe. "It is queer," assented Mr. Lesiardi Black, staring meditatively into the fire. " But then, the.whole world is queer, aint it, now " ' M:aybe, maybe,' grunted Mr .'Crofton.;: .?I; was' brung -up a" carienter," 'said the 'Menagerie lan ; "-but somehow, me and the hammer couldn't never agree. Then; I tried the travelling grocery business, and lost money mi: it; iind then one evening I flipped up alpecnny whether I sliould go drid drown myself .in the e8oal or go to the circus. ' Tails won, and - kdnonwed that anight as IPd di covered the problem of iny destiny. I eingagedwith the circus, and S'ie stckb to it ever since and now I'm boss of the whole concern." - '"Make murch money at' it; elh-" said'the faruer , - S"Bless you, sir-yesn: And lo-e too," said the Mcenagerie, Mian;" with .: good-humoured shrug of the shoulders. "There's, downs'as wellas ups in the world, take it how you 'will It's the best way to take things easy." ' That's just what I always said to myundel Elien,' said Mr. Crofton, with a stentorian sigh. " But he couldn't see it in that light, "somehow. He lodt a deil of money hi Western lands, and he cut his throlat:' ' Do tell ! " said the M'enagerie lan. ' You may have passed the house, a half- milt orso'down the glen," said Mar. Croton. "An old, onestory red house with a big chimney stack auia a lot' of lilock bushesn gTowin' at Sthe kitcher door." . And a grove o' pines back on 't," nodded ths Menagerie iMan. "Bless your heart, es,' 1] passed it, and a queer-looking place it .was, with the trees a ereakin' and n-groanin' ir the wind, and a strange dog a-hovlin' .on ths doorstep. 'It's, got a bad, name through the countrz side,": said liMr. Croftoli, dejectedly. ".Eh !.' said tile Menagerie iLan, opening his eyes. "Not-haunted !" "Haunted," nodded Mrs. Crofton. "Folle; does say asthe ghost tramps up and down thc rooms and looks out o' winder of moony niglts I never seen him myself, but- " " It's all nonsense, Jonathan," interposed hih wife, briskly; ! There aint nothin' as apael of fools won'tsay, if once they gives their mint to it. And Charley Stoker, as married on eldest gal, has leased the house, and is goin',t, move in'it next week ; ghost or no ghost I" :. 'Not with .nry advice,' said Mr. Crofton gloomily. " " Without it; then," retorted his wvie. "And Charles and Jemima they'll-be sorrr for it, nmaik my words," added the farmer.' "I don't believe a word of it," said Mrs Crofton briskly.. - : - "We oever had nothing to do with ghosts ii our line of business," said thoe Menageric Man thoughtfullty. "And I haven't looked into tin questic n much myself. Butfolks does tell quee: stories I' -' Oui Jemima and her 'husband always wse fool hardy," remarked the farmer. "I adlvise 'em to let'the haunted house:alone. 'Don't meddle with the supernatural, children,' says I. Bet' Charley, says lie: 'I'll risk the ghosts father-in-law I.' And Jemima, .says she; '` always was more feared'of live fdolks than dent ones !' Well, I only hope theywonit'S repent it that's all. Because " ' Tihe sentence was yt unfinished on Farme. Crofton's lips, twhen there was a sound o hurrying footsteps on the threshold. without tile door was burst open, and a handsome, dark eyed girl, with a shawl tied round her head and a -face as pale as ashes; ,rushed into thu room, followed by a stalwart young nian o three or .four-and- twenty, as breartless na herself. "It's Jeminma," said, lifr. Crofton, startint up. "It's Charley Stoker ! " cried Mlr.l Crofton dropping his pipe on tbe hesrthstone.' The Menagerie Mtan said isothing,'but staireo as itf his whole p.reonality had.resoleed itsne into a pair of cs. ' ' ' Pretty Jemcima threwherselfinto ber'motler's airms, cnd burstk into hysteric sobs. "What:is it, my dear ? " said Mrs. Groftoi soothingly. "Sp'akto mo c ' "Ohl mother !" shrieked: Jemima ' it's thlt ghost' I . " The--,?hi-', ' said Crs. orofton. " Oh ! oh ! ,it's Uncle Eben's gliost ! Oh oh ! oh !" bewainled Jemimna, ,I unlocked, thl front door nidvamlked rilght in upon is , sitting bIy the fireplace just as he osed to sit whlien h was had with the rhulenmatism, all '.wrapped ir a shagny black eat S" "I neverr wouldha' believed it -if I Ihdn'l seen it witll my 'own eyes,'" said fr.: Stoker looking blankly at the assembiled'groip. "It' of no use talking, I- ahll -hise to sell thIe least of tle housl for'what I get can foreite-c Jemim: will never go there to live, and I wohinlda'tif sti wou'd." "A ghost, eh I " said the Menrageri:titan. "I sawE it nmyself," asserted ir. Stoker. : "Black and shagy, ch ?" Mr. Stoker nodded. " The. old man used i, wear just such a coat in winter aweather,'!'sait he. " I've seen it a:hundred times.' " Well," said the lienagerie oMan, slowl breaking into a smile. "I guess you'd bhettel hold on to your lease, Squire. I'll bet agoos many cookeyga as you won't be troubled by nt ghosts. I]seause the black and shaggy gentle rlan s gire you such a fright was my bear " " Yoer-bear !" said -Mr. Stfl:ser. "Yes," nodded the Mlcnegerie Man. "'I e' quarre!some, -ou see, and I can't never takb no conifort if I shut hIim 1' with the othlel cretlurse. So arter I'd locked up the othcers i Squire Decnison's big stone Iban', I just let Bruin along till 1 came to this ore place, iwhert I eolcal'edl I snbsIscdt disturb nobody. dAn I let him in, pea- cable like, at the bi.tek door And if you inud this here yocng 'cman wass't par ticular about shutting tile door, I gue-s 1' betterlook arter him, for hlie kl:es a breath oI fresh air, Lriin doe:, as well as any Chritian.' Jecmima looked at hier linobbnd. MIr. Stok burst into a laugh. Ms. Crofton iJoined in it. And the farmCer rubbed ])is nose withll a puczzlc "Let's go back and find our l1otern, Jemimly, said the younsg llubail. "Aind I'll go along:, too," said the elder iman, who in hisi seerat he:-rt was rather disalslpoitlecd thlat Uncle Ebeni's glost cad turned out to be no gshost ata!I. Thie MJenaecrie Man found Bruin carefully invcstigtinga hlien roost at no great disltance, and chaine himi up in an unioccuplied sttabl belonging to the Croflons. iCharley and Jemimna re-lighted their lantern and prosecutel their original intention of measurinig Ihe floor fon some home-loade rag nearpeting, and theni they all went back and spect the cvening at the Croiton farm-house. Awl fronc that day to this no ghiosly shadow hias ever crose il thl? thresholl of pretty Jemima's home. And ashen tIhe little children tott-r uop the road to tlhe old farm, a:id say: " Grand m:unma, tell us a .ghost story," the old lady relates the legend of the Mlteagerie Man and hisr bhear, to the isfinito satisfaction of her smnall nudiescc. "Ancd I guess that's tie sort of clotlh that most ghost stories are cut out of," says o!d Mirs. Crofton, 