" LADY POSTLETHWAITE'S WILL. "Oh, ia it not miserable? What can have possessed her? Did you know or gueBS anything of it when you werenere?'' " Nothing. How should I ?" "She may have been married to him even then. W e don't know when or where it took place. She muBt have been infatuated, poor dear, and then ashamed of it. I know she kept the secret as long as he would let her, but he got impatient and wanted to come here as master. I think people were getting a little tired of his preaching, and it was not paying so well. He has given it up — that is one good thing." " Are you staying here ?' "In his houBe? No, indeed! I left the very day I heard it. I took advantage of his being away to-night to come and see her. She was so overcome I hardly knew how to leave her. I will tell her you are here." She hurried away and I waited, looking around me. The house had suffered visible change and deteriora tion. The room smelt of tobacco, empty soda-water bottles littered the sideboard, a crumpled sporting paper was stuffed into the cushion of the dear old lady's chair, and a card of racing engagements was stuck in poor /Josiah's frame, which, like every thing else, was thick with dust. Letty appeared directly. "You are to come to her at once, and you are to bring the will with you if you have the key." I took out the key with a curious feeling that I had done it all before, and knew exactly what would "happen next. I could see the packet through the narrow slit of glass, but the lock refused to turn at first. I withdrew the key, and found a tiny morsel of wax clogging _ the wards. Then I tried again, this time with success. The packet was just as I had aeeu it when Lady Postiethwaite and I left it there. Lady Postlethwaitewas in her bed room cowering over the fire, wrapped in a big dressing-gown in whicti she stood grievously small and shrunken. Her face was drawn and aged, and tears came into her eyes as she held out a shaky hand to me. She held me tight as if feeling some comfort in the clasp of my fingers. "Iwishifc were your good fatheT had come, Mr. Philip. He'd maybe have had plenty more pity for me than you young folks. I've been a foolish old woman, and a vory unhappy one." " We needn't talk about it, need we ? Can't 1 do something to helo you ?" " Yes, "you earn I was just weary ing to see you. I've been thinking that though I've ruined all that's left me of my own life i must make sure that others don't guffer for my mad ness. I want to go over that will again, Mr. Philip, it'll stand good, you know. Poor Josiah took care of that." I I gave it to her and she turned it over and over, examining it keenly. Then she opened it. " Lord save us," she cried. " Look here." The contents lay in her lap. So many blank sheets of foolscap, nothing else. She looked from them to us onco or twice. Then sho sat bolt upright, her eyes begem to shine, and the trembling of her hands ceased. " My desk, Letty, quick." Sho folded the sheets together, and slowly aud con sideringly wrote a few lines on the outer one. "Now, Mr. Philip, can yon and Letty make the envelope look as if it had neve? been opened ? " We managed to do bo by the aid of a fresh ribbon, and by carefully spreading the wax of the new seal over the place where the old ono had been broken open. " Now, Mr. Philip, I shall want you at once to, draw me a fresh will exactly like the old onp. "'How soon can you do it? " " I have a duplicate hero now, Lady Postiethwaite. You havo only to sign ifc.: But tho codicil. What about ; that? And Colonel St. George—you must consider bim." / ; : " I havo considered him. Ho will ' find aremembranco there," she nodded toward the sealed packet. " As much ns I daro do for him now.' : - We were interrupted by the an- 'noiinceinent , of the doctor's arrival. l was glad, lor I raueied 1 saw signs of feverish exhaustion in the poor old woman. I was glad, too, do near the name of n man high in his profession. I know him well by reputation. ; Letty and I withdrew to the cheer less dining room, where i replaced the packet in the bookcase and then stood beside hor over the tireless, ashy grate, talking sorrowfully of tho gentle, useful life so woefully cut short. "Do you think her very ill? ' sho asked. " J am afraid so. Can you guesa what ails hor ?" "I think her heart is broken:" i Letty said, with a sob. " I-Ie didn t illuso her, as you mean by ill-usage, ,but she loved , and believod in liifn— , and now she knows him as he is. Oh, it's cruel, cruel " Wo were again summoned to Lady Postiethwaite. Letty trembled so as we approached thft door that I caught her hand half-unc-onaciously to re assure her, and it was on our joined hands that the old lady's sharp eyes glanced as we entered. She cast a rapid, interrogating look on my faco. I felt Letty start, and tho little fingers thrill warm to their tips. I doliborately stooped and raised them to my lip3, while Lady PoBlothwaito s face lighted up with amusement, com-, prehension, and satisfaction all in a flash. . .. I The doctor standing near her had lost the by-play. " I'm telling Dr. Vincent what I'm after, and he's not objecting. Stay where you are, doctor. Now, Mr. Philip, read that will over again." One bequest— that to " my doar friend, Letitia Dorrian," had been, left blank. I asked what sum: I was . to fill in. " p.I:.y thousand pounds,' she said, firmly. Letty gave a cry, and I hesitated. " It won't be all for herself," Bho went on. " I can trust her. Letty you know my wishes, and all I should havo liked to do if I had lived a free woman. You'll make good all I leave undone, oh, dear ? And, maybe, Mr. Philip here may give you his help if you ask him." And the ghost of a kindly twinkle shone ia her eyes. The will was duly signed, the doctor and his coachman acting as witnesses. SLe gave it to mo. " Koep this and tell no one. Let the other be opened first. Now, I Bhould like yon to have this; it will never bo used again. Take it with my love, and good-by.e" She placed Sir Josiah's massive chain and seal in my hands ; _ then drew mo down and sofi/ly kissed my forehead. I never saw her again. My father was terribly concerned to receive the invitation to the funeral of his good old friend directly on his return. We both went, curious to see how events would turn out. It was an imposing affair. The arrange ments were of the costliest descrip tion. Colonel St. George Postie thwaite, in the profoundest of mourn ing, was, ot course, tho centre of in terest, a spectacle of heart-broken bereavement. Invitations had been sent far and wide — old city frionds- of Sir Josiah's, governors of charit, able institutions, the local clergy every creature who could be assumed to have the slightest claim to such an attention. Lord Levant and a train of aristocratic converts rallied round their evangelist. There were others, uninvited guests, who thronged tho cemetery, no one know who or how many, grieving sorely for thoir kind, lost friend; and I fancied I could'distinguish a scattering of tho poor dead Mrs. Postlethwaito's kin, an anxious-faced struggling set, to whom the withdrawal of their earthly providence made ths future a very black look-out indeed. The Colonel was liberal in his invi- tations to the sumptuous luncheon which followed, at which he preside.! with subdued geniality. He had ro- sumed his piety for the occasion, aud his conversation was most edifying. " Now, gentleman," he began, when their servants.hadwithdrawn, " I am n plain soldier, and only accustomed to plain speaking. You all want to know, of course, how my dear wife has disposed of her property, of which, in her life timo, sho was so faithfuL a steward." (t omit irrelevancies, how ever improving.) " So do I. She kept her own affairs in her hands to the last, and I wnsn'fi the man to pre vent her doing so. Whatever she did, she did of her own free will, unin fluenced by me. And I will say here, that up to the hour of hor death alio was as clear- headed, right minded a woman of business as anyono could find. Is it not so, Dr. Vincent?'' \- The doctor gave an emphatic assent. "You must ask these gentlemen," indicating my father and me, " about ber investments and about her testa mentary dispositions, if there are any ; but I tell you, gentlemen, that I do not expect to find any. She wa3 not a woman to trust by halves, and she knew her worldly wealth iu my hands would be blessed," &c.; " Hear, hear," from Lord Levant. A thrill of consternation seemed to ; run round the room after this plain , declaration. The charity olllcials looked blankly into one another's faces, and the hungry-eyed relatives : glared on us with wolfish eye3 as my : father took the key from mo. " Let's look here first, if you please. If there is a will we shall find it here." He drew forth the packet and handed it to the Colonel, who, with an incredulous shake of the head, opened it. The sight of his wife's handwriting inside made him pause and look wildly rouud. " This is private — not a will, you see. It is nothing, nothing." He dropped into his chair, while the blank sheets of foolscap strewed tho lloor at his feet, keeping his hand clutched tightly over his wife's last message. His face took a ghastly hue. He drew the nearest decanter to him and poured out a glassful. : It was clear my time had eomo. J gave the circumstances as briefly as 1 . could, referred to Colonel George's own testimony as to his wife's state, : and produced the veritable last will of Lady Postiethwaite. The hungry-eyed relatives grew serene and placid as the reading went od, the charity officials shook hands with ono another, and my father " blessed his soul" copiously when it ended. They all came crowding round me to examine it and question me as to the details, and in the confusion Colonel St. George Postiethwaite dis appeared from our sight for ever. So did Lady Postlethwaito's dressing- case and a large sum of ready money which was known to bo in the house. Colonel St. George is sorely missed by a large circlo of believing fol lowers, and I hear still more so by a larger circlo of unsatisfied creditors. " Aud to t-hinlc that if the acoundrol had only loft the will alone lie would have succeeded to the whole. The poor old lady would never have known that her subsequent marriage invalidated it. A quarter of a million lost for the want of a little ordinary legal knowledge. Bless my soul ! " says my father. concluded. 