CHRISTMAS GREEK. Bt Henby Kendall, Phantom streams were in the distance— mocking lights of lake and pool — Ghosts of trees, of soft green lustre— groves of shadows deep and cool ; ' Yea, some devil ran before them, changing skies of brass to blue, Setting bloom where curse is planted, where a grass blade never grew. Six there were, and high above them glared a wild and wizened sun, Ninety leagues from where the w&tera; of the singing valleys run. There before them, there behind them, was the great. stark, stubborn plain, Where the dry winds hiss for ever, and the blind earth moans for rain ! Eidged about by tracts of furnace, ninety leagues from stream and tree. Six there were, with wasted faces, working northwards to the sea ! Ah, the bitter, hopeless desert ! Here these broken human wrecks Trod the wiles where sand of fire is with the spiteful spinifex, Toiled through spheres that no bird knows of, where with fiery emphasis Hell hath stBmred its anrful mint-mark deep on every thi'g that is 1 Toiled and thirsted, strove and suffered ! Tldi was where December's breath As a wind of smiting flames is on weird, haggard wastes of death ! This was where a withered moan, is, and the gleam, of 1 w&tk;, wan star, And a thunder full of menace sends its mighty voices f ar ! . This was where black execrations, from some dark tribunal hurled, Set the brand of curse on all things in the morning of the world ! One man yielded— then another— then a lad of nineteen years Reeled and fell, with English rivers singing softly in his ? ears. English grasses started round him— then the grace of Sussex lea Came and touched him with the beauty of a green land by the sea ! Old-world faces thronged about him— old-world voices spoke to him; But his speech was but a whisper, and his eyes were very dim. In a dream of golden evening, beaming on a quiet strand, Lay the stranger till a bright One came and took him by the hand. England vanished, died the voices ! but he heard a holier tone. And an angel that we know not led him to the lands unknown ! Six there were, but three were taken ! Three were left to struggle still ; But against the red horizon flamed a horn of bridled Tiili ! But beyond the northern skyline, paBt a wall of steep austere. Lay the land of light and coolness in an April-coloured year; 'i Courage, brothers,' cried the leader; ' on the slope ? of yonder peak There are tracts of herb and shadow, and the channels of the creek ! So they made one last great effort— haled their beasts ' through break and briar Set their feet on spurs of furnace— grappled spikes and crags of fire — , Fought the stubborn mountain forces, smote down . naked, natural powere, Till they gazed from thrones of Morning on a sphere of streams and flowers, Out behind them was the desert, glaring- like a sea of brass ! Here before them were the valleys, fair with moonlight coloured grass I At their backs with haggard waste-lands, bickering in a * wricked blaze ! In ;their faces beamed the waters, marchinir down melodious ways ! . Touching was jthe cool, soft lustre, over laps of lawn and And majestic was the great road Morning made across t ? the sea. ? . . ? , On the sacred day of Christmas, after seven months of grief, Rested three of six who started, on a bank of moss and \- leaf — . .. . . Rested by a running river, in a hushed, a holy week; And they named the stream that saved them— named it fitly— ' Christmas Creek,' 