TIULE GRAPHIC INTELLIGENCE (FEOM OUB TELEO KAPHIC AGENTS) BRISBANE. Friday. Tiie Premier, accompanied by the Minister for Justice stud the Cuder-Colonial Secretary, paid a visit. of inspection to tlie Gnyundah and naval stores j-esterday. The (jayuudali will leave Cor a mouth's rruise on Tuesday nest, visiting the radons jiorts as faa iioifh as Kock liampton. At each port tlie Xaval Brigade men will be afforded an opportunity of going oil board during t he stay of the vessel, iu order to be put through :i course of exercise. Captain Taylor has formulated a scheme for tliedefcnee of the Queensland coast and this, it is under stood. contains a suggestion that in time of war the shipping companies should be subsidised by tlie Government for the use of their steamers. The Captains belonging to the Naval Reserves should hare twenty-eight days training jier year. He lays great stress on the importance of a Xiival Defeuee Reserve, and it is liis inten tion u> continue giving the members of the Xaval Defence Force au opportunity of going through practical work on board the Gnyundah inantldy. James Bisset was committed for trial at the South Brisbane Police Court yesterday for firing with a revolver at a woman with intent to (lo her grievous bodily liana. Margaret Ingraham recently brought from Townsville, lias been remanded for a week. Bail was allowed and was immediately forth coming. The Civil Fervid Commie ion is making jjr-od prot-res* wi-h the investigation into the Police Department, sitting four days a reek. Tlie}- hue talien a large amount of evidence, that of tlie Commissioner, Cbitf Clerk, and Accountant being very lengthy. Severaldele eates repreemlius the police from different tarts of the cu!o y hsve fceen examined, and as tiftie U necessary to hear the ic | remainder o£ the«e fairly well, the Com nrssistiers are about to mil fjr some other sources of information. They therefore now | invite ail persons outside tlis ranksofthe polite such as ex-uicmbers of the force, pensioner.!. Police Magistrates, Goldliehl Wardens and others a lio have had experience of the working of the l>i-pari!iii?i:t and are willing to give evi- ' denee, not relating to puK'ly private grievances, to plats themselves in eominuutcctjou with the Secretary at Parliament House at au early date so that arrangements may be made accord ingly. A young man namrd Itobert Hess, employed on the Bon. II. M. Nelson's Louden station, near Dalhy. katl bis neck broken yesterday while running up horscf. A choeac >n Jones of roowoomba hits been pret« it«d «itii a purse of so vereigns by his con gregation, and ui-h an address by the cle-py prior to lik departure for England. * frimv, January 17. light rains have fallen in a f<;*v 6c*tt *red p'aeex along the coast and foutlj, but the weather inland lise clears without any rain. Interne beat ie being experienced in the inland districts, and complaints a-iaing from the scarcity of water and gnus are freuig renewed. Stock a-e dyirg iu great numbers in (he IVm. . worth district. The barque Francis while proceeding bin 1 from Newcastle this morning grounded on . spit inside the harbour, and is Bti*l fasl though a portion The Assembly eat on ing, but after the adoption of tile address to tiie Governor moved In the int-reeta of- the Free-trader*; no btuioeas was transacted, the time being occupied purelyin person<1 matters To-day the membernof the Ministry irhoee names and offices have already been etafced were sworn In and ibwdf afterwards, namely early this afternoon, a Gazette mi ueued containing a proclama'ion proroguing Par liament until Tuesday, the 29th insb. The swearing-in ceremony was scarcely completed before Ur. Dibba applied to his Excellency for a dissolution, wliich was g. anted, and mill probably take effect on Monday nest. Writs for the general election, which immediately follovf, are already being prepared, and the names of several new candidates are an nounced. In an'ieipation of further develop ment*, the Free-trade Party are organising their forces, and the Protectionists are rallying up thair supporterf, with a new to selecting cood cftcdi-loies and placing Khar election be yond a reasonable doubt. Later. The number of writs to be issued for the forthcoming general election will be seventy four, as agairet Bevenfcv-two issued on die laet occasion, t be increase is due to the division of the Wentwortfc electorate into Wen^worth, Wilcannia anlSturt. There will be l37 Mem bers in tbe new Parliament as compared with I'M at present. There "will be tiiirteen new members the number being made up of re presentatives of t-turt ml Wilconnia and tbe additional members granted to various con stituencies under tbe extensive clauses of the Electoral Act. Mblbocxxk, Tbuxsday. It has been ascertained that it was not the French authorities, bat ail unofliiud British Commissioner, who restricted the Victoria* space at the Paris Exhibition to 13,000ft. Tbe Agent-General has been instructed .to do whit he can to secu e additional apace. The Government are determined to exhibit Victorian natural products in Paris, realising that it would be unwise to miss this oppor tunity of placing before tbe French nation exhibits of wine aud other products likely to be produced by the people of Fiance. The Saiulluirst gold yield List year was 17(»:UWozf, valued at £704,176. The dividends .amounted to i£17S,7!t9, and the calls to £17,355. Adelatue. Thursday. The Premtr aud Attorney-General left by express this afternoon for Melbourne, rn route to H' jbari, to attend The Federal Council. The Commissioner for Public Works lias decided to invite further tenders for 10,000 feet of water boring in the North, and 5000 £cct on Kill la boa Plains. The new Land Act comes into operation on the 1st of February. Pektu, Thursday. A shocking tragedy occurred at Newcastle late last night. A well-known settler named Macpherson, aud wife, were murdered after retiring to rest. Macpherson was shot through the head, aud bis wife all battered to death. Their son, aged 11, was also beaten about the head aud it not expected to recover. Their daughter, ajfod 14, barely escaped with her life, aud managed to gire the alarm The perpe trator was a man employed by Macpliersou, named Johnson, who is still at large here. Two parties of police are now in pursuit. HOBAUT, Thursday. In the Assembly to-day the Ministers an nounced that they woidd be content with three mouths supplies, and would not insist j upou parsing an Appropriation Sill for the j whole year. They would pledge themselves to ! lucct Parliament- not later than July. This 1 was agreed to after three hours debate, iu tbe j course of which much was said about the inconvenience of a dissolution at the present time. A curious point arose iu the Legislative Council. Bills had been ordered to be read > that day three months, and they appeared on the order paper owing to the prorogation of the session. The President said he found no pre ! cedent to guide him in such a case, and decided that the liills must be read without any further discussion. The matter has been post poned till to-morrow. A similar case occurred in the House of Commons in 185t Tuekk was no business at the Police Court I yesterday. Is the Mineral Lauds Court yesterday the application of A. J. Simpson for a mineral lease of 10 acres, near Back Creek, Brougbton River, was recommended. Arcriox sales to-day:-By Messrs. Acker?, Wilson, Aytou and Byan, at their rooms at 2.30 p.m., 850 shares iu the Queenelandcr G.M. Co. Ltd. By Mr. Bobert Russell, at 2 p.m., ; weekly sale of horses : and at 3 p.m. at Ids rooms, on behalf of the St. John G.M. Co., miniug tools, rails, trucks, and sundries. Wi: hear on good authority that Nichola® ! and Hatte the abscondra left Queensland by the B l.S.N. Co.'s eteatner Xandula, and are n"w iu B*taria. They chipped in Mackay, ar.d were three days in Cleveland Bay where the p' ltc» filed to touch them, the eipcnses of the writs not being gua-anteed. Four prisoners, Joseph Sabat, charged with the murder of Man Sue, at Queenton, on the 19th December, and Daniel Silva, Dan and George De Silva, charged with murdering Peter, a Cingalese, near the Racecourse on the 17th December, and all fully committed to take their trial at the next sittings of the Charters Towers Circuit Court, left on Thursday morn ing for Townsville Gaol, under the charge of Constables Bourke and McKiernan. Ml!. Savihe a representative of ths Syduey lhdlctin, Is visiting Charters Towers in the interests of his paper, He is collecting speci mens here, and has already bagged" some choice camples. We congratulate our den r contemporary on having secured the services of eo accomplished andcental «n nrtiBt. He, makes friends wherever he Roes, And be trail. swell the list of tbe subscribers and advertisers j to the Balletin. Tbe nopularity of the Sydney j Bvlh tia in N orfch CJuaenslsnd Is established, and it will become greate«-, if there is less of: Potts* Point and of Sir Henry Parkee In it. Dumira an adjournment of the Warden's Court yesterday, a rathe'- interesting conversa- ' tion was orerheard between tbe plaintiff in a certain ease, and his principal witness, whose evidence t*ad not been omoleted when the Court adjourned. Plaintiff-"I say Sill] you'll gc^. it hot from Mareland, I was nearly fnli of it, aud I can tell you Xgo* Uiat mixed I that I was going to chuck it up, and I say Bill; if he gets on to you too hot, «nd you think we, have so chance, ask him to summons up. Don't forget Bill, tell him to summons up and j be a I) to him. Bill:-" inrsh, lam him j to inc, man alive.'" Plaintiff: *' Yes, BUI! you're good enough for bini, but lliim lawyer ' chaps can make a felloweay anything- Why . BUI I wsronce in tliis eourt years ago and do you know what Morgan made me my. Why he made me awear that it took twelve men to dri^ean eneine." Kearip's"' voice calling outj " the adjourned sittings ef the Warden's Court is now resumed " put atend to the dialogue. Wi: observe Uiai " Gitano" has broken out in | a fresh place. One of hie Immortal" ponies" 1 appears in tliat distinguished Towusrille " dead : waller"' called the Xorth Queensland Tcleijrajih. j " GiUuio." or Peatce, edited the Towers Herald for several years with great glory and earned Ilia wages by constant abuse of Tliadeus; O' Kane. That was liis mission lierc ; ho then . humped liis drum to Ctiofctown, where lie car ried on a similar game uguiust Mr. Fowler, of the hiJvftituh'itf. a man infinitely his superior* j Under this guttersnipe liberarf hack, die ; Cvtti'ier got s# low that it was sold to Mr. , iiodgi^, of the Mackay Mereitry. His partner,: Mr. Cliatawuy, sow runs the C-ourirr, and havinga iWiolcsome eontei^pj. for "|k)tucs" _'. Gitano" and guttersnipe writing, lie gfrje tlie ! sack to 1'earce, wlio is now wooing a, billet in ? %*owiiiville. Wliy docs not Carter try Pcams; agaiu, fQr |KH}r lank is about uEcd up, or why does not Heddiv, who oww> tbe isiegmph,. according to the iiupriiit, import Mlii to edit | ttie J)iiaiie-&twtit; "dea(i-\i*aller'" r Peafiue Ciui K'Fito deeput IfugUsh, at least; if there be' " iiulhLug lit il." Ife cau be golcUcaj> uow. 1 ReewwrrwUieTrogneJoB-Danes appliea tions for G M. lease «! street®, See., Warden Montray yesterday intimated that lie had re ceived instructions to report (idly ou the matter. He asked Mr. -Danes and Mr. Mars laud, trfao appeared for Mr. Tregaskis, if they wished to offer any further evidence. Both gentlemen answered in the negative. and, after some argument on both sides, theWarden said he would adjourn the matter until Wednesday, when he would lie li&ppy; to receive evidence from the parties before forwarding his report to the Minister. Xoit Buckiasd sells a prize medal soap. He is an artist in that, line. 3h the interest of that hard-working clues-the washer women of the town we recommend another kind of soap, the electric soap. Wo bought a bar at HiUyard's, and though he docs not adver tise it-as be might, we giro it a puff free. Xliis electric soap, when used with clothes in soak, makes all lands of dirt fly, and there is uo necessity for washing. Weheard that the washerwomen of tlie town intended to erect a statue to the Dean-street Don Juan-a wooden Priapus with nil the appendages perfect. We do not see wliy the editor of the SOMITE it jr M iNKit, should let a common wooden image like Don Juan usurp all their ewect and tinder affections. We do not ask for much only that they will remember us over the washing tub and say " good diob, old man." Ms. Fsid. Fust aroused himself some months ago with correcting the bad French and " literals" inihB IfoBTiiEBK MIRER. We can show him a much better field for bis critical microscope. There is the "dead waller1' in Deaue-sfcreet. Hie last is by Katator I alias Red din. Here it is, " liach of thfiic geot emm are thoroughly conversant with h#ne-Tdog.° Again, what is the meaning of I *' fully better." The void " better'' may be *'bested," but it takes a blacksmith editor to " (ally" better it. The people here ore easily satisfied when horse-shoe English passes , muster with them. Wc dont see what"there was attractive sbmt Eottog'i old horse Bones. If our Iisny came -on the ®Loge be could give : points to Bones, especially if a chicken were i | put before liim. There Is a whits elephant in1 Deane-strct-why wasn't be staged ? He j would have made no bones about mashing all the pretty ones in the audience. Here is a 1 wrinkle for the management of the Hansom 1 Company, for which we maVe no charge. THE "Mystery of a Qansom <3ab" was re peated last night by the handsome" company nl: the School of Arte to a good audience. Honor? were divided between Mr. Gerald and Miss Cany Greorge, though Mr Lyle as {die solicitor) and Mir fiaynor (a millionaire) held good hands. Mies Strath more played well and Miss Lenoir as Mrs. Sampson looked quite captivating. Doctor Chiuston was a little better dressed than on the previous night. He managed to raise a pair of cuffs, but even with the cuffs tlirown in he looked more likea bookmaker'stoutthaa anything else. Miss Carrie George exceeded her performance of the previous evening. Her representation of a drunken old harridan was a long way belter and more powerful than anything we bare reen a woman do on (be efca&e; here To-ninht a new triplicate bill will be introduced embrac ing "Lostin London," the "Happy Pair"; all the ni-o girls will dance, and a real treat is promised. We xnnst compliment the lessee, Mrs. L. A. Taylor for bringing such a e'ever company here, and hope to see her so- jn again with a better company if it is possible to find it. CAXO>~ Tcckeh. was at the last celebration banquet of the Baltic of the Boync-12th of July last. He acted as Chaplain on the occa sion and gave bis blessing to the "glorious, pious and immortal Billy." Whether he is an Orangeman or not does not much matter. He was there and officiated over the sacred bones of Billy. Orange Liberalism is a contradiction in terms. There arc many honestgood fellows in it Ttiey are like white blacks, Oennau Orangemen, the strangest mixture out. What wc stated about the Lodge is strictly true. Hie "bosses" knew how to pull Hie wires and they, from their inner sanctuary, worked the Odd fellows. The poor new chums were anxious to get work and the "shibboleth" used was, Are you an Orangemai) ?" If the new chum pro mised to be initiated he got a job. This is notorious. When tiie votes were being counted in the court house, one of the candidates-T. O'fcnie-remarked to Rutledge and Sayers, " I ^ec X must joiu the Orange Lodge." to their great amusement, We admire the perfection of tlieir organisation. We think it- a reflection on die cosmopolitans of the field, and if they are willing to crouch at the feet of the Yellow Pups and truckle to them we shall not imitate them. At the Warden's Court of late whenever the mm a of the, now no'orious, defaulters Nicho las and Haite are mentioned, a euopressed titter may be beard parrading the Cou t, foom bench to galleiy, find a stxone smelt of brim stone is noticeable in the immediate vicinity of a number of working miners, whose muttered execrations are ample evidence that they fcco, have been victimised by the swindlers. Ko money, no Irooks, no records, and not the ghost of a (title to the ground which is right fully theirs, has been repeated over and over again to the Warden. Yesterday ? months total exemption was granted to the No I Worth Lady Maria Ot 1L Go. Ltd., for which Nicholas was secretary, in oider to give the comsauy time to rase funds or to wind up. In the case of ft M. Imbp, 1205, Mr. T. M. H. Crompton explained that Nicholas bad the lease made out in his own name, and his ab sconding left the prtan'>ters, a gntty «f work ing miners, in apredie*ment, Die only way out its forfeiture, and take up a fresh lease. Warden ilovha;, who sympathises with the victims of those de&ul;'in* agents, granted the application, and in this, as mil as in other cases, he is endeavourin? to repair, as far as lies In hie power, the damage done by fihe de faulter?. The subscribers to the Jockey Club and the public generally owe a vote of thanks-which we hope will be carried bv acdaaution at Uie general meeting-to Mr. O'Flynn, Mr. Ogg, Mr. Boattie.and Mr. Wilson for supporting the amendment " condemning the principle of a rider riding one hoise and betting on another in the Game race." The motaou moved by Mr. Ayton, and seconded by Mr. Kussell, asserted that" Cattcrall's explanation be accepted as satisfactory." . The amendment let that pass, but condemned the principle silently involved in tho motion, virtually, that swindling was justifiable. We do not care to raise any hair over this business, and Ayton has not enough to swear by, and Russell is captain of the Mounted In&ntiy; and we are not prepared, just yct, to form square to receive cavalry. Where was Russell's and Aytou's "reserve" John Deauc ? He had not the courage of his opinions and though in town lie eueaked off: " the field" which is abull as big as himself. " The Jockey Club was saved from -disgrace by the pluck Mid outepokeuess of Hie four ineni-1 hers who eupported the amendment Obsfa princif iUsis a good motto for the Jockey Club., Shut tlie gates against all sluidy transactions. j W1 tefcl ier thfi- perpebtitors are offchc household -the sacred Vinsiders" or common dcadbeat outsider*. If Russell and-Ayton were " babes j of grace"-Ay pilots yearning for the repent ance of Catterali, andanxious ®jf bis reform- ! ation after-as Mr. Ogg happily tanned it-his j "peculiar" little operation of riding on oue horse and betting ou another in the same race; if, we say, they pitied tlie sinner and wept over1 him, we could understand theirpiousgiuh; but they did not care a jot for Catterali, they went j straight for sanctioning tbc principle of evil.! Fie! fie! Eusseli aud Ayton. W« fear con- j tact with tlie turf lias demoralised your moral perceptions. We have lost' confidence in your -, moral disctiminattou. It is a sad thing to contemplate. Two more vielims to tlie turf.! What a falling oB was there! Quantum mtrfa tvs ah iilo B/octorr.-for the rest see Vank or B^ldin. ISieycariypodiet Virgils. 