LADY TREVELYAN. \- i. Along a country road a yoong man was walking one snmmer night — or rather one summer morning, for it was some time after midnight. The road stretched in a long white line before him ; the sky was clear and dark overhead. The moon rode triumphantly in the cloudless "heavens. The dark shadows of the trees which bordered the roadeide lay clearly defined, but not " a breath of air -stirred the branches or fanned the cheek of the pedestrian. The night was deliriously warm and mysteriously quiet ; nothing but the sound of his own footsteps broke the stillness. He was in evening dress, and wore a light overcoat, which was flung -open. He was whistling softly, aud pursued his way with a light-heartedness only faintly tempered by the loneliness and wtiinVi snmtnnda him TVi n BUitsiuuiuj naasvu uwaavauiwas wawi. aUB air of the last new waltz was sufficiently sentimental to sound quite in' harmony with the scene, .and probably the young man's thoughts were not especially prosaic. He had just left a dance, and visions of slender, white-robed figures floated before his mental vision still. He was by no means satiated with the delights of society ; and the exertion of tramping the four miles of country road which lay between his friend's house and his night's .lodging seemed a small price to pay for the evening he had enjoyed. He was hardly thinking ; vague, pleasant meanderiogs of faocy were going on his mind ; when suddenly he became aware that he was no longer alone on the road. A slim figure, dressed in black or dark colours, had come in sight,and was rapidly 'approach ing him. A woman, and alone — at' such a time 1 j Jack Barrett stopped in surprise, with his eyes on the advancing figure. Her head was bent, as though she was look ing on the gronnd, and she appeared to ue ruuuuig uu Himuaii uuamy. Close to him she raised her head and Btopped with a cry of terror as. she sa w his motiooless figure. He noticed then that she was practically bare-headed. Her hat had fallen back, and her hair rose in dusky masses from a pale face, lighted up by her large, frightened eyea Jack was a kindly young fellow. That cry of terror went to Iris heart, and he hastened to say, reassuringly, hardly pausing to weigh his words': 'Pray don't- be frightened. There is nothing to harm you. Are you iu trouble !' The woman — -she was evidently a lady — gave a little gasp, seemed about to speak, and then to Jack's unutterable dismay, suddenly sank down at his feet, as though she. were lifeless. In another moment he had raised her, and carried her to the bank near the roadside. Then he looked hopelessly round for help, knowing that there was hot the faintest probability of any. being lUtUU. LLC uu« 3 »» was a mile to the nearest honse, and there was little chance of anyone passing at that hour. The stranger, in the meantime, lay with her bead on his arm, utterly un conscious. Jack looked at her with a growing feeling of surprise. Her dress of dark, soft material — was elegant in style ; her left hand was gloved, and her right, which was bare, was white and delicate, and decorated with costly rings. The dark hair, which nearly touched his cheek, was artistically ar ranged. Her face was pale, her com plexion delicate and clear, and her features were exquisitely pretty. Jack was not only kind-hearted, but singularly innocent of evil. He was disposed to think ill of no one ; least of all of a beautiful young girl. Ha had not a wide or intimate acquaintance with the opposite sex, but he had a mother whom he adored, and all women, as yet, for him, were surrounded by a halo of purity aud goodness. Yet it must be confessed that strange surmises passed rapidly through hfe mind as he gazed at the pale, uucou- ?« Tharo cious race 01 wjiujiauuu. was a singular fascination in his situa tion, unusual aud even alarming as it wax Though he became every moment more anxious to see her open her eyes', he fait a strong reluctance to any change from their position. A soft thrill ran through him as he almost unconsciously drew his arm more tightly round the slender figure, and bent nesrer and near er to her face. He started back with a feeling of disgust at himself as he became aware that his lips were hovering over— 7 | almost tooching — the lips of his coin pauion. He sprang to bis feet, letting his burden sink somewhat suddenly on I to the bank. What had happened to I him ! And what must he do ! , I A movement on the part of thp I 8 tranger startled him. She was raising I her hand in a vague ' way to -her head, I and as he again Knelt down by her lie I saw that her eyes were open. i I ' Are you better V he asked eagerly. - I A terrified start was Bis answer. She I raised herself to a sitting posture, I looked wildly along the quiet, moonlit I road, then at the young man wlw knelt K near her, and with a shuddering sigh lep I her head droop upon her breast. ; I ' Pray don't — don't be frightened 1 f | will do anything you ask me—wiU help I you in any way I can,' cried Jack earu- I estly. . I She looked at him again roote quietly. I ' Who are you ?' ehe asked in : a some- I what faint voice. - I 'My name is Jack Barrett, he bgsh I hurriedly. 'I am staying about a e I from here, at a farm- just beyond Sir I Robert Trevelyan'e.' _ . I Again he thought his compaoion star- ted. I ' What are you doing here f she con- B tinned. , i He had already lost his head ao much I that it did not occur to him that her . presence required more erplanationhhw H hie, "and he hastened' to explain that bp was merely returning from a dance, with I the most innocent intentions jn the H world.- : - j; The beautiful -stranger rose to her B feet and atoodiheritattdg arid silent. | j B ' Can I not help yon In any way ' B asked Jack humbly? - - ' ' u L B ' Oh. can .1 trust you f ottrmorl1 B the girl, as though : to herself,f and 'look- . fl ing round with1 the same ' helpless, B frightened sir albefore. t-- j B - Yee,J mid Jack, rimply. - - i-r: | B - Then listen.,: J want to.go $oso.sta- m -Hon vhen thcywoht fcnowmO. mRow- ick will not do,' she added, -Beelng he was going to propose something. Jack meditated. 1 1 don't know this neighbourboo well,' he began regret fully. « Neither do I,' ehe said, with a sigh. 'But there is a quiet little station about five miles off I conld find the way, if yon can walk so far.' ' Yes, I can walk ; but you I I can not take you so far out of your way at tbis hour.' ' I only aak lor . permission to go with yon,' he said. There was a minute's silence. She drew nearer to him, and looked steadily in his face. He did not flinch,. apd at. last, drawing a deep breath, she said : I am going to trnst you. But you must make me a promise. You are to ask me no questions of any sort ; you must leave me at the station directly we reach it - and you must never — never- — tell anyone of thia meeting.' t .i_ . , ucava. «rnq tt WOTti bURli 5UCU j promises as he was asked for were -ex ceedingly rash. He did not know to what they might bind him, but he hardly hesitated a moment before he gave Mb answer. I promise,' he said hoarsely. She nodded gravely, readjusted, her hat, and murmured, as he looked at her hand : ' I have lost my glove.' ' Yon are faint yet ; you must lean on me,' murmured Jack quickly, catching her hand and drawing it throngh his arm. She enbmitted, and they turned into a field-path to begin their journey. It was a strange walk, begun in the moonlight and ended in the grey dawn. The stillness of death seemed to reign at first in the fields and roads along which they walked. Aud then, as the dawn broke, there began to be thOBe rustlings which tell that Natnre is awaking. Bnt no sign or sound of hu man beings disturbed them. Atfitst they were silent, but before long a conversation began which lasted till I they parted. What were the aubjects r_ _l_ a. 1 . t vuvj opiw ui » uuctt. triea to rememuer afterwards, somewhat vainly. Personal subjects had to be avoided, for he was to know nothing about her. And yet they talked of themselves— of their thoughts, tastes, feelings, beliefs. They wandered into worlds of speculation, and her soft voice charmed him into agreement even where he at first differed. Perhaps he would oppose her at first, and then he felt her little hand agaiuBt his side, and looked into her face lit up by her starry eyea and surronnded by her dusky hair, and yielded any point in dispute. At last the journey was over, and the little station in right. It was empty, and probably the writing-room and booking-office would be closed. The girl stopped decidedly. ' We must part here,' she said. Jack held her hand more tightly, aud looked despairingly into her fece. ' I can't,' he muttered. ' Remember your promise.' Ha linii hen anA Vianran ffl turn away. ' Oh, don't go like that,' ehe cried winningly. ' Yon must let me say good-bye. ' You mnet let me thank yon You have been so good ! Can I do nothing in return 1' He had turned instantly at her call, and- stood before her. There was no one to be seen in the cold morning light. They . stood at the little wooden', gate which admitted to the station —alone in the world. Her lovely violet eyes looked pleadingly into bis face. 'I know you will never betray me,' ehe Bald, ' whatever may be the conse quences. But I fear there may possibly 1 be a chance that you may suffer — I mean mentally — by keeping your promise to me. I wish I could offer yon any return.' Jack came nearer ; a crimson flush covered his face. You can,' he said abruptly. ' What can I do 1' The flush deepened ; Ms eyes dropped for an instant, but he raised them again defiantly as he answered : ' You can let me kiss you.' nit 1' SkhA rAtroafAil A sten afl tfalB exclamation broke from her lips, and 1 o oked imploringly at him. J ' I know what you mean,' he burst I out ; ' you thought I was a gentleman. J Well, I thought eo, too. I triednot to j say it, bat I couldn't help it. I'm I ashamed of myself But I have a right 1 to something- — not for what Fve done j for you ; that's nothing — but to be some j comfort in the fature, if it's to be with- 1 out you 1" I He stopped and looked at her steadily, j Her bead dropped. Yes, you have a I right to something — to anything 1 can give you — to that certainly, if you ask it. Bo yon ask it I' j Jack hesitated— tried to eay' no,' bnt the sight of the lovely fece raised to his , with quivering lips ana radiant eyes' conquered his resolution. « Yes,' he said defiantly. I shall hate myself all my life for it, but — I do ask iy — — « Then, she said faintly, ' J. agree. 1 And with her eyes swimming in tears, j she held out her hand. He seized it, J and drew her towards him. She looked J up at him, and hB paused. Oh,' ehe j whispered imploringly, 'don't, don't — I humiliate me so 1' 1 Jack grew terribly pate, but he set his J teeth, dropped her hand once store, aud i said slowly: 'Forgive me— and say good-bye.' " She dashed the teara.away, and gazed at M"» in silent surprise. V-: < Have some pity on me,' he . added, turning hie eyes away; 'tell me when I shall see you again. : She began to tremble violently. . On, I Hon't know, I don't know,' ehe mur- mured wildly. 1 dare not think; you ever wilL. .But, I bless you nod thank you. I shdl never forget you.' SheJxwk-MeAand and pregswps 10 1 t likjipy will J She sa&eolyiput; ' lmr qnWen&giqis; j pidlyfdhronghLtheaijptetol station- Jack took '« Btep t5terbBrnt J stopped MmwttjTie witPUs hand; snfl when be lookBdwpl \----- <<£'& atibo.io j was spending Us aration»W,i His next Term at Cambridge would be his last, and he had solemnly devoted the long snmmer months to work. With this object he had chosen a quiet country place, where he would have no distractions, aa he thought. He had, however, been discovered by a college friend who lived about four miles away from his farm, and from whose honse he was retaining when he met with the adventure just recorded. As he had arid, he.did not know the neighbourhood well ; the Morrieooa were bis only acquaintances ; he knew few people even byname. Sir Robert Trevelyn, whose house he had mentioned as being near his destina tion, was an important landowner, and the landlord of his host, bnt he knew little of him, and had never seen him. He passed his lodge-gates as he walked home, bnt without noticing them. His mind was full of other things, aud when he had undressed, he lay sleepless io his U4HJ, gazing U MIC COUIUg, «u" vuuuuug over every detail of his adventure. Who was she t And when should he see her again i The last question was the one which recurred most frequently, for the most vivid sensation of which he was aware was a bhrning desire, an un utterable longing to look upon that beautiful face, and hear that soft voice once more. Jack had never been in love before. . He did not aak himself if he were in that condition now— he was, indeed, too far gone to consider the question. At one moment he would rage at himself for daring to insult the beautiful stranger by asking for that kiss, and then again he would despise himself for foregoing it ! \- But he finally gave up all attempt to eieep, aud rose about eeven o'clock, with a vague thought of returning to the station to which he had taken her, and making inquiries about where she had gone to. This would really be breaking his promise, but he felt some etep was absolutely necessary. He wandered disconsolately into his sitting-room, and sat waiting for his "rftmMftff vy IrillvU gvliomiljf f five minutes after, he did. . But this morning he waited in vain. : He heard a great deal of talking in the farm kitchen, which was jost opposite his 'parlour,' and could, not help the idea that something anuBuai had hap pened. This did not occur to him for some time, so absorbed was he iu his own thoughts. But the desire to be do ing eomethiog at last moved him to cross the passage and look into the kitchen. There he saw a wonderful right. Mrs. Scout, the farmer's asually busy wife, sitting with her hands in her lap, absolutely unemployed, while two of her servants stood equally idle near. Mr. Scott leant against the table, with an air of immense importance and solemnity. Mrs. Scott startled violently as Jack appeared. 'Eh, sir, but you startled me,' ehe cried. ' Why should I startle you 1' asked .TanV Mthca imnsfianflff ' A nd shv don't you bring me my breakfast I' Mrs. Scott shook her head solemnly. What is the matter I Are you in any trouble %' he asked. Mr. Scott slowly gathered himself together to reply, but he was forestalled by his wife. ; ' There are others beside us in trouble,' declared the good woman solemnly. ' A dreadful thing has happened, sir ; a dreadful deed has beeo done.' She paused as though to give weight to her words. Jack was rather amused at this theatrical beginning, aud did not attach importance to her solemnity. I ' Is it anything to do with poultry 1' I he asked, not unnaturally, for Mra. I Scott had looked almost as grave when 1 a chicken had been stolen. I ' Oh, Mr. Barrett, sir, don't jest,'- she j arid earnestly. It's murder that's been I done !' j ' Murder f cried- Jack, turning white I and rick, though he could not have said why it should affect him so much, j Mra. Scott appeared mollified at the I sight of his emotion. ' Yes, it is terrible news,' ehe said ; 'and so near qB as it I ' 3' T .'L.ll XAMM nlann n mv nappeaea. i bumu — j bed again — never.' ' But who — who is it f stammered Jack. 'Sir Robert Trevelyan. He was murdered last night, and there's no sign who has done it' _ . The young man eat down in order to hide the trembling that was taking pos session of bim. : 'Ah, his poor young wife l' righed Mra. Scott Not that there .was much love lost between them, ifs eaid ; but it must be a sad blow for her. And ehe away, too !' . Jack's head seemed in a whirl, but he ; tried to steady ..himeelf Jiy.murmuring 'Absurd, absurd 1 What could one thing have to flqr-with the other! Ianre ! nonsense !' Then aloud : ' I didn't know I he bad a wife. I 'Ob, yes; a beantiSnTynubg creators, I tall and dark.' Did you never see bet 1 | yiv.dj as I wasTayiugrBhe83iway: She left home yesterday .afternoon rather un expectedly. This will be news for the poor young thing. ' Why did you say - (here's no love between them V demanded Jrih, almost fiercely. Why, they say so, sic. .-He is a queer I Mod of man, Sir Bobart— or I should say was, poor gentleman. Dear, dear, we must "not say evil of the dead. But "he Was too old for jher, anyway, and they-hadn'h been ; mamed long. He l-bnonght her here for the firat time a few I weeks ago — they h|d vdwayB been away j before. And so ehorjt.a time as he's j had to live there iith im. ; - ! Jack rose from the chair he had takei t with a desperate desire to withdraw j frbmtibservatlon. ; j « YoaeTiiU fiave -your breridast soon, I j£»' "JIw. . Scott balled after him as he reurSated. ;!frtaustJivB,T:zupppse.' ! Qjtlnna iq tfieparloe Jack -paciad the room with his brsMi5fira;-t What di< fce?'splpect! Suspect ii:Abeurd I He suspected milHpg. pannq'ifiad thoajfliti was .ajfeniriog jfim!"J An " unhappy y bang.,: Wife — 1 murdered man, and that fterrified flyinj ffigqre jujithe moonlight ; Dh,- lt couli mot rfcouiAiidt ihaV.j&b.; li l&SeS; 'iawr'It 'was not' that. "Why tSSirnnsf have been a robbery com- l inltihffi bf riounte,t«aid:tii&t; would prov hfelsubglrioh anfehhded. |fetietails-ie most know more of tiii£ Rut he must be calm; he -must not betray Mmaelf ; be must not betray her. Mxs. Scott entered the room with a tray. ' Eh, sir,' she said, ' ife upsetting news. Yes,' he assented ; ' but you say ao one is suspected. Has no roboery been committed T 'No ; that's the strange thing. Nothing seems to have gone. No one can understand it so. fsr. But the police will find out something, you may be sure. But, Mr. Barrett -she added, you were coming home Ute last night What time was it whoa you parsed Sir .Robert's I' Jack pried again. ' Half- past four this' morning,' he eaid, as quietly as he couia. « Why f ' 'Oh, what a pity. If you had passed at the time you might have seen something -or someone,' she remarked complacently.- , ' No. -I saw nothing — -nothing, Jack Jw-i.roii vnhamentlv. in soite of his re- solve to be quiet. 'Why, of course . not, sir. Who "would go murdering anyone at half-past four on a summer's morning I That's daytime with us, you know. He'd never escape notice at that time.' Jack was left alone again to by to eat his breakfast and'dlgest bis'thoughte What must he do I To make inquiries at the station now would be madness. That terrible suspicion would not leave him. And If he determined there was nothing in it, how did he know that it would not occur to others if he turned their attention to the girl he had met. If he could see Lsdy Trewiyan, and know at once if his suspicion were correct that the wanderer was she 1 Then, sgain, he felt that to have hie saepicion confirmed even to that extent would be unbearable. After a terrible day of doubte and . fears, and a restless, almost sleepless night, Jack determined he would leave the place whichhad become eo frightful to him, and return home to London. There, at any rate, he would be out of sight of the read which recalled his mid night advantore so well, and would be better able to forget it He paid a hurried call on the Morrison and informed them hs was obliged to return home sooner than he expected The chief subject of conver sation was the murder, aud many -were ; the corijectures as to the caose and the person. But Lady Trevelyan was spoken of merely with pity- There seemed no chance of any inquiry about hie strange companion being made. Yet as Jack's train steamed out of the station at Rowick— the nearest town— he breathed a sigh of relief and vowed it should be long before he saw that country-ride again. XL In feet It was four years before Jack revisited the neighbourhood of his mid night encounter. During those years much had happened to bim. He had finished his college course, and had de cided on his career in life. The church and the bar had both been suggested to him hnfc his inclination was for neither. Jack had an earnest desire to repay his mother (who was far from rich) for the j many sacrifices she had made for him, I and he therefore promptly accepted the offer of a rich merchant uncle to enter j his business. There Jack had proved I himself an able lieutenant ; he liked j business, and there was every prospect l that his uncle would make him a junior I partner before long. _ | In the meantime, the memory of his j meeting with the mysterious stranger I had by no means died away. j Sometimes it was as fresh iu his mind J as ever, and he could see the fece aud I form of the woman he had assisted as j clearly as the minute after he had parted j from her. Yet as the passion she had I so suddenly roused in him paled with time, he became more and more con vinced that his terrible suspicion as to j her identity aod situation was the correct j one. That she could have deliberately - committed a -murder, he could hardly believe ; but that io a moment of passion, of anguish without premeditation, ehe might have been so tempted he ad mitted to be possible. He had diligently searched the papers for aome mention of the discovery of btr.l Robert Trevelyan's murderer, but no I such discovety was reported. The case j seemed to be one of those mysteries I which sometimes remain undiscovered I to the end. j About a year after the eveot, Jack j received a letter from his worthy hos- j teas, Mrs. Scott, accompanying a gold j stnd which he had lost in their honse I and which had only just beeo foood. j The farmers wife bad a warm liking for 1 the frank, gentlemanly youog fellow who j had lodged with them for a few weeks, aod her letter was not confirmed to the statement as to the stud, but gave him | various pieces of news. Among the rest, ehe told him that Sir | Robert's murderer had never been dis- i covered, and that his widow had never ' been nigh the place ' since the terrible event. 'No wonder, thought Jack. Turning Lisa .U-nnfinn frft VllO lahtAr ftffflfn. ItA foMMl that Mrs. Scott added that she had, 1 however, . heard the. widow. was thinking I of consoling herself; -though probably ehe j would not .bring her new husband to! 'the ill-fated placa _ I Jack mused bn this information, and j was constantly " picturing his beautiful I companion as a bride. He always j thought of her as 'Lady Trevelyan,' and; indeed, he had no idea of any other name for herVi ........ . r . " Jabk was pbpular young insn/'and it ' cannot ''be ' 'denied that he liked the! society . of women, bnt be had not yet | shown any inclination to bestow his heart upon ;onein particular; .. Heeome- . times asked himself ( the . resson, but «oald find no satisfactory answer. Yet perhapa ha knew, though he confessed notiungisven to "himself. . . It was, then, nearly four y«irs after his adventure fhat he raqdved an tovl- 1 tation from his old friend Mbrriaonto J spend Christmas with him. - - . . Thb Morifebns' house, Hutfidd, was a j fine " oldfoshfonrf countiy i residence ; j there «f guests! relnctanoe ibtacceptjhednsSaboa. He qnd hle.|iQ.m6ate spend aaiusearf his doubting," for it wasa Btrangejabsnrd ehriokiog from revisiting the scene of the midnight meeting which has been re corded. He laughed at himself and finally derided to cast snch foolish ideas to the wind. Accordingly, he accepted the invita tion, and one clear, frosty afternoon, dro ve up to Fairfield, accompanied by -George Morrison, who had met him at Rowick station. . The pretty, bine-eyed . girl who met Mm in the hall was very little changed in the four-years that had passed since he had seen her; and as she came for ward with her sweet smile, Jack asked himself whether; perhaps, after all, he had not been thinking of Ethel Morrison all the time. But the equanimity with which he heard George'a news that his sister was engaged, convinced him that he was heart-whole as far as she was concerned. This information was given as the two young men proceeded to the draw- ine-room. after Jack had dressed for dinner. There are lots of people here,' observed George, as he threw open the drawing-room door. There were, indeed, a number of people, who all appeared to be much engaged with themselves and each other. At the first glance, Jack decided they were strangers to him ; but at the second — his heart gave a wild leap, his head eeemed to ewim, and he mechani cally clutched George's arm tightly to keep himself upright. Yet he was in reality no longer con scious of his friend's presence, nor, indeed, of the presence of the various people in "the room. One figure only stood out clearly before his eyes; a figure, which made such a sudden, vivid impreseioa on bim, and recalled a passed scene so distinctly, that he almost be lieved himself standing in a. moonlit road, looking at a lovely, death pale fece. ' What is the matter V The voice of George Morrison asking this question for the second time roused Jack, and he glanced round in a bewild ered way. 'Nothing, nothing,' he answered hastily. . 'Why do you ask 1' ' Oh, merely cut of curiosity,' replied George drily. ' One is naturally a little curious wheu a" man nearly twists yonr arm off, and stares as if he bad seen a ghost' Jack smiled faintly. 'Forgive me,' he eaid.. 'There was eomethiog; bnt don't press me about it, there's a good fellow.' There was a minute's pause ; conver sation was going on briskly, and the en trance of the two young men had not I been specially noticed. The person on j whom Jack's eyes and thoughts were I tixed was standing near a window at I the other end of the room with Ethel I Morrison, and eeemed unaware of his I presence. j 'To whom shell I introduce you i' 1 asked young Morrison, scanning Jack j closely. I 'Oh, anyone you like.' - I < Ta e-li a rrman laaf lien lltn in fha AAltl ! continued George as before. ' Which is that f asked Jack inno cently. ' Come, don't pretend you don't know. You have never taken your eyea off her since we came in.' ' The lady talking to yonr sister, you mean t She is certainly beautiful but——' Jack hesitated — he feared that the sudden sight of him might startle her, George, however, took bis arm and led him towards her. As they approached, she turned sud- | denly and looked at them. A scarcely perceptible start, and the rapid turning away of her eyes were all the signs that appeared, but Jack was certain ehe had recognised him. A moment after he was being pre- I seated, and Miss Morrison in introducing I the lady uttered the name ' Mrs. Lang- I leJ-' 'Langley,' thought Jack, iu amsze- I ment, and then he remembered Mrs. I Scott's story that Lady Trevelyan was 1 about to be married again. No doubt | she had done so, and dropped her title. 1 Perhaos her -husband was here with her. Was it possible that she could return to a place so fraught with terrible associa tions ? Was ehe one of those beautiful fiends of whom he had read in fiction ? She met his glance with an inscrut able face, and with eyes that did not flinch. She smiled the faint, fugitive smile which had lighted up her face occasionally daring that strange - walk. | She talked easily ; she was perfectly I composed. | Jack, for his part, was too bewildered to be at Ms ease. When, a few I minutes later, Ethel ' "Morrison iotro- I duced tim .to his partner for .dinner, a bright young girl, be could hardly I command - himself enough to behave I with ordinary politeness, and his con- I veraational powers daring the meal I were . conspicuous by - their absence. I ff" companion was naturally disgusted, I and she ever afterwards spoke of him I as ' that stupid Mr. Barrett.' Jack pernaps deserved cue name uu tbis occasion. He was unable to keep his thoughts for a ! moment from Mrs. Langley, and his .eyes- wandered fre quently ..in the same direction. The Udy was not exactly gay, but -she seemed to be sufficiently ..occupied in ! conversation. .She -smiled often aod I looked exceedingly tranquil. Once only Jack thought he caught her eyes, fixed doubtfully and search! ngly on; his face, I but she immediately withdrew tbemT . He rose from table with a determina tion -to see "her alone' that evening ; bnt I be found himself in his bedroom with- | out having accomplished hia desire. J He had spoken to Mrs. Langley a j little ; but had iopnd her much in re- j quest Moreover, " he had discovered that Mr. Langley,. whoever he' might J be, was not at Fairfield. One otber ruscovery »e , nan , mwu> that the lady of his midnight adventure was aslovely and even more attractive I to him thah t>n that welLremembwed eiening. . - : - \- " The .next morning was spent chiefly in-billiards by the-, men of the party, and jthey Baw little pf . the . ladies .till -r-eVs-gu i'u -- £ I I Anne favoured tJack;-'!-ming -irito the library , in search? -Jof : hiscmri-- laheiroomcJ <6hoewaa>-stvtidings'bsfora» wards her. She turned round at the sound of his footsteps, and for a moment her self-possession deserted her. She became very, pale, and took a harried Btep towards the door. 'Forgive my intrusion,' began Jack, gently ; but I ao much wished to speak to you.' ' To me, Mr. Barrett f aba repeated, rapidly recovering herselfi and stopping on her way. ' Yes.' Jack hesitated a moment, and then, looking straight into her eyes, said steadily : ' We have met before I believe V '-Before tiow, certainly ; last night and this morning at breakfast, if I am not mistaken,' ehe answered lightly. 'Four years ago this next June,'in the Rowick Road; not far from — Sir Robert Trevelyan1 a,' eaid Jack. 'You are romancing,' exclaimed the lady. Jack looked at her reproachfully, and fcttA Anlrinv ntfliA into hflf chflflkfi. whilst her eyes sank before his. She looked 1 eo lovely, that his heart began to beat I as wildly as on that morning when they I parted. Her air of jtmocent . sweetness 1 made him furious with her, with him- self, with fate, wMch after gi»ing him I these years in which to recover from his 1 madness, had reopened the wound. It | was folly; it was worse. | ' Do you deny it 1 Do you add a lie to — to— — ' I Here he stopped not daring to say I more. I She suddenly looked np, and he saw that, her hands, which were clasped together, were trembling. ' No, I confess it,' ehe said abruptly. ' Now, what have you to say f I Jack was silent. He had, in fact nothing to say ; that, is, nothing that I he would say. Should he ask her if bis suspicions were correct 1 That was im- j possible Should he tell her what at j that moment he for the first time knew I to he the case — that he was a mad fool j aod loved her 1 Loved her, though be knew nothing of her and suspected her j of the most horrible crime! But he did 1 not suspect her — he could not ! ' Your flight was successful !' he began at last. She looked surprised. ' I escaped discovery — yes,' she said, sinking her voice. Bat I lived to regret the wild step I had taken ; to bitterly regret it. You, who . do not I know the circumstances, caucot guess.' ' Bat 1 do know the circumstances 1' 1 cried Jack. 'You do V she cried, gaziog at him with bewildered eyes. ' How could you possibly find them out ! Then you tried to make discoveries 1 You broke the spirit of your promise to me, though you kept the letter V No, no ; yon are mistaken,' he said eagerly. ' I tried to discover nothing. The knowledge waB forced npon me, and I left the place instantly, chiefly for your eake. Oh, wheu you thought I might suffer, you seemed to have no idea of the agooy, the horror, that the discovery of the truth would produce in me. And yet — I would protect you | — -screen you — at the cost of my life, I he ended fiercely. | Her eyes had opened wide, aud her I colour went and came fitfully as he I spoke. I \--'Agony f horror 9 oho began, when 1 the door -opened suddenly, and Ethel I Morrison entered. Neither of the two 1 she had surprised was able to hide entirely the confusion both felt, but Jack was the most alarmed. Mis. Xnogley 1 turned almost instantly to Ethel with I the remark : ' Are you ready to go out j so soon 1 Wait for me, and I will put on my hat.' Left alone with Ethel, Jack I hurriedly began to search for the cigar- case, hoping ehe would not ask him any questions. She remained silent, j and it was he who broke the ice by asking abruptly : ' Where is Mr. j Langley V _ , Ethel started, and looked at Mm with horrified eyes. ' Do yon mean to say that you did not know be was dead — that she is a widow P ' Dead !' repeated Jack, in amaze- ment. « Did she kill ott all her bus- j bauds T he thought. ' But she is not j in mourning P Mr. Langley has been dead two or j three years, ' replied Ethel, aud ehe j presently left the room. _ j Jack paced the room in bewilder- j ment. The thought that she was free never entered his mind. His one idea I was whether he had cruelly misjudged j her, and whether after "all she was not j guilty of her first husband's death, j But what aid her expressions of regret j mean! 'Regret? That was a mildj word to use ! .' <0h she must be a fiend !' murmured poor Jack. That evening a dance was got up. j Mrs. Langley looked radiant in her delicate ball- dress, and stole a deprecat ing glance at .Jack as ehe passed him. He had almost resolved to fly from Fairfield, and not risk the opportunity of seeing her again ; but he had stayed, nnw fnnnd himself irresistibly at- tracted to her side. He could not deny I himself the delight of dancing with her, and as he wh rled- round the room I with her to the delicious strains of a J waltz, he resolved to forget that j horrible, Impossible story, and bel happy. I He did not secceed either - in really forgetting the story or being happy ; bnt before the evening was over he had danced five -times with Mra.1 Langley, and each dance left him more madly in lore than the last. That she encouraged him was certain. He felt, it, and allowed himself to dream wildly J as he met the sweet eyes which looked up into his. Tie passed a . night ; of restless dreams and broken sleep, and came down to the late breakfast on h-teA fnllAwnns mkrninff wit&l; ©yes WaiCu told their tale of sleeplessness. It was j -Christmas i Day, and ha joharch balls I were sounding through the crisp, frosty | air as they rose from breakfast. ' I , Mra. LsngfeP had not appeared— j rather to Jacks relief. Oould/he hurry j Day.certaihly, but ,he, datermineq foat the" -next rooming he would faavaan im-l taOrtant "telegram. ' Stf rnust tear Mm- «aitw.4 - M T<uigtay, ; did not ! rThay met' at'-ioncheon; frafcwere at hdiistane# After that maal, Jack' was seized hy | some of the men for billiards, and ao | dinner-time approached. He had beeo j told that other visitors from the neigh- bourhood were to arrive for dinner, and I herefore, when he reached the drawing- I room, he was not surprised to see severs I people he did not know. Mrs. Langley j was not there, and he talked languidly j to George about the events of the day. I A dark, haoda-ime, qoiet-Iookiog' woman I of perhaps five-aod-tweoty was' sitting on I a sofa alone, and George, indicating this I lady, observed, 'She is handsome, isn't she!' I ' Who is she,' asked Jack, absently. Lady TrevelyaD.' Jack stared at his companion as thnngh he thought him mad, ani said : ' Wo V I 'Lady Trevelyan,' repeated George emphatically ; adding in -an irritated I tone: 'Gracious goodness, mad, what ib I wrong with you! Y 'o're always e'-art- | log and turning pale. First it was Mrs j Langley, now it's someone else. What as W I v/ug Wl'U AJW a J AlCVUJWU.g . I 'Nothing — if that's L«dy Trevelyan.1 Of course it is. Who did . you suppose she was !' 'Oh, I didn't suppose she was any- 1 body,' replied Jack feebly, unaware of the point in his speech. George laughed. ' But ehe it some body, I can tell you. Here comes Mrs. Langley. By-the-way, you're to take her down to dinner to-night, I bear — j happy man.' . . .. ' Stop a moment,' eaid Jack. ' Is | that lady the widow of Sir Robert | Trevelyan, who was murdered that! snmmer I was stopping near yon !' Yes ; Tve told, you eo twice already.' ; Jack -offered his arm to take Mra. Langley to dinner, feeling as if. he were ! io a dream. He had been wrong from j the very beginning, then. The woman . he loved was not the widow of the mur | dered man, and it was enrely possible j that she koew nothing of the crime. He moet know all and put an end to thia torturing suspense, J ' Are. you ill, Mr. Barrett !' asked | Mra. Langley suddenly, looking at him : anxiously. 1 'No; but I. implore you to give me j a few miuutes alone after dinner. I must speak to yon,' he replied in a passionate whisper. I 'This evening! asked bis companion, | in surprise. Yes, at once — I cannot bear this I doubt,' he eaid, more earnestly than be- fere. j She hesitated for a moment, and then J replied: — ' I cannot understand you, j but perhaps it i» better that we should | have an explanation. I think you were muoakeu in something yon said yeater- 1 day.' j 1 Then you will let me speak to you | iu the library, after dinner !' asked j Jack eagerly. ' It is sure to be empty ' I Mrs. Langley assented ; and the I I instant Jack could escape from the I I table, he hastened to the appointed j I place, and was not surprised to find ber j 1 waiting for him. She was sitting in a I low chair, and he came and stood before I Uvr a I I told you I knew the circumstances attending your flight that night !' he began abruptly. I Yes, and that is what puzzled me so,' she replied, in her soft, even tones, looking up at him. I ' I don't wonder you were puzzled. Do you know who I thought you were I till an hour or two ago V | She shook her head. ' Lady Trevelyan — that is — 'ho j widow of Sir Botan- '3 — » — 1 — j was murdered that very night-' _ | She uttered a cry of astonishment. I j ' But why— why — how on earth did I you get the idea !' I 'Oh, because I was a fool, Ieuppose, j cried Jack, furious with Mnwelf. 1 1 wanted some explanation of your flight, j and who you were ; and that view I I seemed to come as ao answer— a I | terrible ooe— the next morning.' J I « A terrible one !' aha repeated won- I deringly. _ I 'Teirible! Agonising?, exclaimed | Jack, as he began to pace the room in 1 j his agitation. ..'What could I think?! j ' I can't' imagine what you thought,' 1 Raid hia comoaniou. looking at him with ast nished eyes ; 'except that you be- j lieved me to be L»dy Trevelyan. But why that should have seemed terrible j to you I cannot conceive.' I Jack stopped, and returned her gaze I in silence for, a moment. She had no! idea of his wicked — as it now seemed j to him, monstrous— suspicion. Why j need he tell her ! He knew now that she was — must be — guiltless ; she wae I free ; he loved her ; why should he not 1 keep silence about that past folly, and try "to win her! By confessing what he had for a moment fancied, was he not ruining his every chance 1 But Jack was one of the honestest of men I He could not bear the 'bought of hid- I ing such a thing from her, and after a | short struggle he buret, out : . . I 'Oh, don't you .onderetand me ! . I 1 was mad, of course, but I didn't know I you. The murder etarded.me. It was 1 so mys'erious. There was no robbery. and what mottce couia cnere oei sun yon— an unhappy wife as I fancied you — oh, what can I say? I She had suddenly grown pale, and 1 risen to her feet,. As he neared her, j she retreated with a look of horror. I 'And yon thought — you thouvht — j each a horrible, such an unutterable I I .thing of me!' she gasped in a faint, I voice. - .- I Ho, no.' he protested wildly.- 1 didn't think it — I couldn't. . You must I see I didn't; for I loved yon — loved you allthetime-r-Bs I love you now— as I I ehxU Jqve you till I die !' . ' I I 1Mb passionate declaration did. wot (seem jto foothe her. . She. held out. her I hand, as though to keep Mm away,, and l eaid in a horrified whisper: '.Oh. could I anyone flunk that of me 1 And abo ve all, you, -whose memory -I have trees , "Thalastechmadde Jackhyj :thB <E3hanting possibilities of what j mi&bt; haye hret tbaVseetoed to lie fo j it" Have -some-pi for me;' be w»3d j injbw, brdken fones j ' l knew it was j a'l fall.ng, TWh-W- 'I _ spoke to . yqu 'just jtiqw, but Y ciouldnt bear, fo j hide it from yon. I .was honest, - if . a roadman -,r,"'r -J , ''."Efreacfe jwas "a'Aortpause: Hro bmhf tbo wfodhy, I pri© uuad ' H©: Ud iiot I At last, she looked up, and add quietly : ' Let me tell you the real secret of that nigh:. I was the wife of Mr. Langley, who lived not far from the place where we met. I was mar ried against my will, or rather against my inclination, a few weeks before that time. I was eighteen, and my husband was sixty. Yon will think, and jus'ly, that I was wicked to coo- sen' to snch a marriage. I was foolish and wrung, bat I married to eave my father from ruin. He was in the power of Mr. Lang ley. I agreed to the sacrifice, in ignorance of 'he real character of the man I married. He was' — she stopped for an instant and grew paler — 'he was a fiend, I think. I can't bear to speak of my life with bim, bnt I was so miserable that I almost lost my reason. He had brought me to his hoine in the country a fortnight after we married, and after a mon h of tor ture, I ran away— the night yon met I me. I escaoed to mv father, and with his help hid myself. He had been selfish aod wrong to agree to my sacrifice, bat, in justice to him, I mast say he also did not really know what Mr. Langley was. For some months my husband tried to find me, but be was in miserable health even at the time of our marriage, and he died the following year.' She stopped, and J ack came a step nearer, and. fixed his eyes imploringly upon her. Oh,' she cried wildly, ' if you had not told me that cruel suspicion ! I bought of you so often, and the very thought that you were in the world made me happy 1 You were so good, so sweet, so noble to me that night ! I had never before known that a man could be so good to a woman. My I father was never very kind to me. No I man had ever been like that to me before. And that moment, when you didn't kiss me, X could have fallen at your feet. And yet you — you — — ' She broke into hopeless sobs. I Jack flung himself down on Ms knees I t f 1 J Uunnnnlti llBZ Bin?. fA OvtOrB UCi| wUU Uvoti 0" w drive him mad. 'Don't— don't ! I can't bear it,' he aaiil passionately. ' I tell you I didn't believe it . of you— I didn't I could sooner have believed it of myself I loved you — I have loved you ever since. How could I have loved you if I had thought that ? She was frightened at his violent distress, checked ber sobs, dried her eyes, and asked him gently to ait down and be comforted. He rose to his feet, while his companioo herself took her former seat. He began to pace the room again, and she sat silently watch ing him. Ac last he approached her. I suppose you hate the right of me now,' he arid piteously, 'so I won't trouble you any more. If you knew how I love you, you would pity me a little. I will only ask cue favour be fore I leave you. Tell me your name, j ' My name ? she repeated. ' Yes, I want to know your name — ennv flhrioMnn namA in think of VOU by.' A soft colour stole into .her cheeks. How strange,' she murmured ; ' why, I have known your name all those years and thought of you by it. It's such a mauly name. Mine is Barbara, ' she added softly. Jack's heart was beating frantically at her tone as she spoke of his name, aud he repeated, ' Barbara ! I shall love it for ever. Oh, my darling, my i „;i) hrewfc- But won't you call me once by my name before I go r ' Come here— Jack,' she answered with a sadden blueh and smile. ' No — uo nearer,' was hurriedly added as he approached her. He stood aud trembled with suspense. Barbara rose from her seat. ' Tell me first,' sne said, ' if you remember the last words I said to you that mora- ! ing.' . The last words you said to me! repeated Jack, who waa getting so in- I toxica ted with hope that he could not remember any hing. « Ah, you don't ! What a miserable (lover? cried Barbara, with a soft j laugh. ' Well, they were these : « What a happy woman youf wue wui b© l" ' Jack's gaze spoke volumes but his lips said not a word. She looked at him with tender eyes and glowing cheeks, and holding out her hand, whispered : Ah, J ack, I want to be happy ? j That pretty little hand was not taken, bnt the next moment Jack's arms were boih fluug round her, while he took from her quivering lips the kiss which, as he afterwards raid, she had owed him for neirly four years .—Argosy. 