BELLENDEN-KER EXPEDITION. NO. IV. [BY A. MESTON.] After the return of Bailey and Broadbent from the mountain we remained seven days collecting around the camp on Tringilburra Creek, beneath Mounts Toressa and Sophia. During this period we explored the whole sur rounding country. One day Bailey and Broad bent, when out together, found the skeleton of a myall among some rocks, and brought the skull in for the museum. Here also we got a carpet snake about 8ft. long containing a small wallaby. How so large a beast was swallowed by so small a reptile is a mystery to everybody but the snake. Carpet snakes are numerous all through that country, some of them being found up to 16ft. We saw very few snakes; but the cold weather would account for their absence. There were few ticks and few leeches in the scrubs, but in the wet weather in the hot months leeches are in tens of thousands in the scrubs of the upper Barron and sea-coast ranges. We were not troubled by mosquitoes in any of the country we passed over, nor are they numerous anywhere on that coast at any time of the year if we except the mangrove swamps and the ti-tree flats on the low wet lands of the coast. On the night of the 4th the temperature fell to 42deg. During the day Mr. Bailey and I were out under Mount Toressa, and on crossing the main creek had a small accident, happily attended by no serious consequences. During our stay here the Government pros- pecting party arrived, having worked their way across from the Clohesy, along the head of Freshwater Creek, without any results. The work done was far too superficial and too hurried to be any reliable evidence of the minerals in the district passed over. Informa- tion collected on imperfect examination may be worse than useless by misleading others who would do the work much more effectively. The weather was beautifully fine, with cloudless moonlight nights. Temperature at night, 54deg.; midday, 80deg. On the 7th Whelan came over from the Mul- grave. On the 8th he and I started with three blackboys to go round the whole Bellenden-Ker range from south to north. We sent the boys on to meet us on the top of Barnard's Spur, and Whelan and I went np the main creek. A mile above the camp this creek is broken by a suc- cession of magnificent falls. Ascent is difficult and dangerous. One must possess trained muscles and be sure of eye and foot and hand. A slight mistake on the face of a cliff or a slip on a narrow ledge would end in swift and certain destruction. The mountain spurs approach on each side and end suddenly in walls of perpendicular or overhanging rocks. One scene is alone worth all the journey, and, happily, that can be approached from Barnard's Spur by a route easily accessible even by ladies. Many a painter and landscape photographer will yet give that splendid picture to the world. Descending a forest spur to the edge of the creek you stand out on a projecting shelf of rock clear of all obstructions, and command a perfect view of three entirely different scenes. On the right hand, close beside you, is a fall descending 100ft. into a vast circular basin cut out of the solid rock. Immediately below that are two other falls, presenting only the curve of the foam crested torrent rolling over the edge of the abyss. On the left is a deep clear pool 100 yards long between two vertical walls of rock. The upper end of this pool receives the whole stream descending from a precipice 100ft. in height. At the lower end of the pool the water flows over a narrow ledge down the fall right beneath where you are standing. Directly in front, not fifty yards away, a large stream descends from a ravine in the opposite moun- tain and falls clear down with terrific force about 200ft. into an oval-shaped rock pool, from whence it emerges under an arch spanned by a single block of granite, and joining the main creek both flow over the ledge together into the cataract below. All these three falls are within 100 yards of the spot you are standing on. These are the "Fran cesca Falls." All round are glorious ferns and flowering orchids, chief of which is Bailey's orchid (Bulbophyllum baylezi), which appears here to attain its maximum of perfection. From this point right up the creek to the Morehead Cataracts there is a succession of splendid falls, cascades, and deep still pools, forming one continuous picture of sublimity and weird and awful grandeur, indescribable and unimaginable. Arriving near the Morehead Cataracts, we turned to the eastward up a steep spur, and ascending 800ft. arrived where the blackboys were at the blacks' camp at 1700ft. Rain came on with the darkness, and fell heavily all night. As the roof of our camp leaked we had to postpone sleep to a future occasion. In the morning the two creeks at the Pools were uncrossable, so we had to go back down Barnard's Spur, and on arrival at the foot found the main creek flooded and roaring through the granite rocks like thunder. Each one selected his own place to swim across, rather a dangerous work for all of us, and Whelan and I marched into camp without our clothes, somewhat to the astonishment of Mr. Bailey, who was attentively examining a plant with a name as long as that of a Madagascar prince. On the 11th we all left for the Mulgrave plains, where we remained until the 18th, collecting down both sides of the creek and along the Mulgrave. Game was abundant here, and we could have shot far more than the camp required. One day, the 12th, we collectively brought in twelve pigeons, five scrub hens, two turkeys, six cockatoos, two rifle birds, one dragoon bird, and sundry others. On the 13th Whelan again left for the Upper Russell diggings, being advised of fresh murders by the blacks. On the 18th, leaving Beman in charge of main camp, and discharging Butcher, we started for Harvey's Creek on the Russell, a distance of fourteen miles, Bailey on horse- back, and Broadbent, Harold, the two blaok- boys, and myself on foot. At Harvey's Creek we were again joined by Whelan. Next day one of the troopers, and Jimmy, the Tanna boy, started up the Russell, a distance of thirty miles, to meet an aboriginal named "Yabba," who was to join us at Choonbine bora ground, for the ascent of Bartle Frere (Chooreechillum). Next morning Whelan and I started on the same route, and camped that night at "Teechappa," a bora ground twelve miles from Choonbine. The road was along the valley of the Russell, all the way through dense scrub, perhaps the thickest in Queensland. From Teeohappa to Choonbine, we were crossing the terminal spurs of Bartle Frere. In the twelve miles there are actually twenty-five running streams of water, not sur- passed in Australia for purity and drinking qualities. At Choonbine we found Jack and Jimmy and Yabba camped under a tree. This Yabba was a strong, active, rather pleasant looking fellow, with somewhat light limbs slightly curved below the knee. He had been out prospecting for several months with a miner named Chandler, who very kindly sent him to Choonbine to place his services at our disposal. At 3 o'clock p.m. on Sunday, the 21st of July, we started from Choonbine to ascend Chooreechillum. The route was through a thick scrub all the way to the summit. After ascend- ing 2000ft. we camped on the crest of a narrow spur about twelve yards wide, a running stream about 160ft. below us to the westward. We made a bed of tree-ferns, and having no blankets the duties of the chambermaid were of a light and irresponsible character. During the night Yabba was very restless, and twice he rose and walked round the camp. Somehow I mistrusted that smiling plausible savage. Twice he stood and gazed for some time at the two sleeping blackboys, and now and then cast uneasy glances at Whelan and myself who were about 6 yards away. Then he sat down and meditated by the fire. Who shall say what midnight thoughts were passing through the brain of that wild dark son of the mountains ? Perhaps he was calculating the chances of the future in case he brained us all with the tomahawk. But the scrub knife and the tomahawk were under my head, and I my- self was very much awake, and any hostile movement by the gentle Yabba would have ended prematurely and abruptly, and the sub- sequent proceedings would not have interested him to any great extent. My suspicions will be shown later on to have been founded on a solid basis. On the 22nd we started np the mountain along a steep spur covered by tall, heavy tim ber, and enormous masses of granite rooks. At 3000ft. we passed the frame of a camp erected by Christie Palmerston, when he was up there with a lot of blacks and Mr. Jack, the geologist, in February, 1888. It stands on the edge of a precipice formed by a landslip. At 4000ft. we halted half-an-hour beside a small rivulet of pure cold water, pro- bably the head of the stream that descends about 2000ft. almost perpendicularly on the eastern face of Bartle Frere, forming the Hume Black Palls, which may safely be classed among the highest in the world. These falls can be seen from steamers passing along the coast off Point Cooper, between the Johnstone River and Franklyn Islands. At 4500ft. we emerged from the scrub into an open slope covered by stunted bushes and small shrubs, and creeping plants growing over loose boulders. Above us on the crest of the slope towered gigantic granite rocks, pyramids, spires, pillars, domes, and obelisks, some of them 50ft. or 60ft. in height. On passing out into the open, Yabba paused and cheerfully remarked, " Good day, Chooreechillum." Never before had he stood on that summit, though the foot of the mountain was his birthplace. About 3 o'clock on the 22nd we stood on the highest peak of Chooreechillum, the aneroid showing height of 5070ft., or nearly 200ft. lower than the centre peak of Wooroonooran. All round, and below and above us, was a wild sea of dark clouds, involving and involved, driven downwards and upwards in the pitiless combat of contending winds. The view was bounded by a circle of 100 yards. On the north side of the peak we found the trees marked by Palmerston on 26th October, 1886, and by Geologist Jack on the 9th of February, 1888\. Conspicuous on Bartle Frere was the total absence of the dome-topped tree which covers the south end of Bellenden-Ker, and has been discovered to be new to science, and named by Mr. Bailey Leptospermum wooroo- nooran. Equally astonishing was the total absence of Drachophyllum sayeri, the mag- nificently flowering tree seen everywhere on the summit of Wooroonooran. And yet those two mountains stand facing each other, their spurs actually connecting on the divide between Tringilburra and Babinda Creeks. In place of the absent trees were two strangers entitled to almost an equal position. They are both named by Mr. Bailey as now to science. One is the Orites fragrans, a tall shrub with dense spreading foliage, bearing a delightfully fragrant and very beautiful purple flower. The other is Melicope chooreechillum, a small handsome tree with lovely white flowers. Here also we got the Monotoca lineata, found now, according to Mr. Bailey, for the first time out of Tasmania. It is a small tree bearing a tiny five-celled fruit of a rich red colour. There was no sign anywhere on the mountain of Garcinia mestoni. The vegetation of Choreechillum is really quite different to that of Wooroonooran. This is an extraordinary fact. We camped all night on the summit beside a huge mass of granite with a small cave in the centre. Rain had fallen all the afternoon, and continued through the night. In the morning there were light showers still falling. We explored the summit all round, a wild, savage, inhospitable region piled with rugged masses of granite rooks upheaved in dark confusion, as if thrown thore by an earthquake. In places enormous fragments 20ft. or 30ft. in diameter were piled one above the other ; gloomy caves beneath, and shadowy crevices between. Around and over all grew beautiful orchids and ferns, and strange flowering plants in apparently endless variety. After two hours' collecting we returned to the bare face of the summit on the eastern side, and sat down on a flat rock to have a calm view of the sur- roundings. Human voice or pen can give but a faint idea indeod of the abysmal gloom of that tremendous solitude. We were sur rounded by a world of clouds, oven the rocks within a hundred yards above and below us but faintly seen like tombstones in the morning mists. Never before did I experience the same sensations. Rising over all was man's sense of his own unspeakable insignificance. It seemed as if I had been suddenly ushered, like Ulysses, into the realms of Death, Where side by side along the dreary coast, Advanced Achilles' and Patrocius' ghost. In fancy the spectral clouds assumed the shape of some Tiresias rising from the awful Shades. The lighter mists were driven by the winds swiftly along dismal avenues of enormous vapours, moving slowly onward, black as night and silent as the voiceless grave. Imagination pictured the solemn phantoms of departed Ages stalking gloomily along through long colonnades of majestic clouds. The pale king- doms of Dis marshalled their mournful ghosts. Once only, and for a few brief seconds, did wo behold the dark form of Wooroonooran, through a wind-divided chasm of rolling clouds, apparently far above us, a vast black shape revealing itself, and disappearing again in the realms of gloom. And once only did the clouds lift like a mighty curtain from the mountains to the north, displaying gigantic shadows resting in the umbrage of the peaks, and myriad columns of snow-white vapours shooting upwards from the ravines below, as if we stood over the abode of Lucifor and in the nether depths All Hell unloosed Its mounded oceans of tempestuous fire. And then the sunlight came with all the varied glories of the dawn, and clouds became "red, yellow, or etherially pale," and radiant rain- bows spanned with their curving splendours the many-hued abyss; and for a few short moments we stood the centre of a hundred sunsets, lost in the magnificence of all the splendid shapes and colours of the wondrous God-created dome which overarches this mys- terious earth. Those who hereafter ascend these two mountains will say with me that no human language can possibly exaggerate, or give more than a shadow of an idea of the scenes visible there in rain and sunshine, storm and calm. We left the summit about 9 o'clock, and descended rapidly to Palmerston's camp at 3000ft. Both ascending and descending, above the 2000ft. level, we saw tracks of the mappee, or tree-climbing kangaroo, but had no time to search for the animal. He goes right on to the summit. Frequently we heard the call of Moston's bower bird, and saw bowers of all sizes up to 7ft. in height. There were very few birds on the mountain, the silence was oppressive, and heightened by the sombre mosses which covered the rocks and draped the trunks and branches of the trees. At 2700ft. we left the course of our ascent, and turned down a very steep spur towards the south-east, Yabba declaring this to be a short cut to Teechappa. Anyone who ever comes down that spur will remember it for a long time. We arrived at Teechappa with the last expiring daylight, and camped there in a Chinese store, leaving next morning for Harvey's Creek, making the whole journey of eighteen miles in torrents of rain. Before de- parting from Teechappa I presented Yabba with flour, sugar, tobacco, matches, and two red handkerchiefs as a gift from the Government of this great colony, and a reward for his services. He went away too happy to speak, never before having possessed such an accumulation of wealth. He promised to collect a lot of land shells (Koorajoon) for me, and bring them into Teechappa. Alas! A few days later we learned that this genial savage, whom I had watched at the camp fire, was one of the worst of the Russell River murderers, and killed two of the unfortunate diggers with his own hands. Yabba is at present supposed to be collecting seashells on the golden shore. 