Echoes and Opinions. SOME people seem to think that if Byron Bay can, by the expenditure of a pot of money, be made a reasonably safe harbour a'serious blow will be dealt out to the Clarence. There need be no fear upon that score. The making of such a harbour, when the country can afford it, can in no way affect the port or trade of the Clarence River unless beneficially. Any exception taken to the Byron Bay experiment is based upon far higher grounds. Practical men have fearlessly expressed their opinion as to the feasibility of such a proposal. What the disinterested publio wish to be satisfied u pon in the first place, is that the proposed works are not being pushed forward by a clique of Sydney people largely interested in dummied and otherwise acquired land in the neighbourhood, for purposes of their own rather than for the public good. In fact they want to be satisfied that any work in the way of providing harbour accommodation at the Bay will have a beneficial result in providing a harbour and serving the country, and that it is not a neatly contrived political job, in which some representatives of the people, loud in their denun- ciations of jobbery in others, have a very deep interest. To the impartial mind of any one desir- ous of securing the development of the country in the best way, the suggestions put forth in the letter of Mr. M. RUSH, reprinted in our last issue, will undoubtedly be received with approval. MB. O'SULLIVAN, , M.L.A., may not please Borne people. He is, however, making his way into public favour, and as time advances, as usually becomes the case, so will he drop those idiosyncrasies which the steady going Liberal does not quite approve of. There is one characteristic which outweighs many short- comings, and that is he - like our friend Mr. COPELAND on a recent occasion- has the courage of his opinions. He showed this to a considerable extent in a recent speech to his constituents at Bungendore. In that speech he prononnced upon the state of the country, and the portion of the Ministry, in language that no one can honestly dispute. Hi3 utterances upon that occasion is all too graphic to be limited to his own constituents, especially as we in these districts feel the full force of them as applying strongly to the gross misgovernment under which we suffer. We quote from the report .of Mr. O'SULLIVAN'S speech, " It appeared to him that the science of government was a lost art in this bewildered conntry. Not- withstanding that we had enjoyed représentative institutions for 33 years, we were still a generation behind some of the other Australian provinces in our political education. For example, we had no system of self-government for our country dis- tricts. We had no harbor trusts, and our Marine Boards were'simply a farce. Our electoral law was in a demoralised condition. The centralising system of government we pursued was inimical to the interests of the country districts, and appeared to be worked in the interests of Sydney alone. Our criminal law was a disgrace to our nineteenth century civilisation. The mining interest was grossly neglected, and the great fishing grounds off our coasts were undeveloped. The agricultural industry was in a dwarfed and crude state, and no attempt had yet been made to establish an agricultural college, or to impart a technical education to the young people of the country districts. In many other directions there was nothing but stagnation or backwardness. It was time that all this was changed, and New South Wales brought abreast of the times. There was urgent need for a more progressive policy, and more progressive men at the head of State affairs. To use the words of Disraeli, the present system of Government was " a ruinous imposture on the credulity of the country." TheGovernment existed at the mercy of two or three members, and its chief characteristic was that of vacillation. It would do nothing definite except when it was in touch with the majority, as in the case of the Land Bill and Payment of Members. Otherwise, it was an organised hypocrisy, preaching Free trade, but acting on Protective lines when it could, do so gul' rona. It» supporters generally clanked their chains, but dared not break them. They were afraid that a change of Government would precipitate them into a general election, when the banks of the Styx would be lined with their shivering political ghosts. Having passed the Land Bill, the Government were now in a cul de tac, and was anxiously scanning the horizon, in the hope that something wonld turn up to its advantage. It was time that the liberal and pro- gressive instincts of the people were aroused, and that an effort was made to galvanise that mori- bund thing known as our National policy." Mr. O'SULLIVAN is not unlikely to visit this district shortly, we understand ; possibly in connection with the Parliamentary Committee on Publio Works, of which body he isa member. MB. G. DAMMEBEL, of Moonee,' writing to the Herald, gives a graphic account of the wreck of the Lady of Lorne and the sufferings of her crew for several hours, amidst a pitiless and relentless storm of wind and rain. During those hours several efforts were made by the men themselves to get ashore, and attempts were made by those on shore to rescue them ;, but all in vain. It was not until one life had been lost and the tide had fallen, that a line, weighted by a piece of iron, was suc- cessfully cast on to the wreck from the shore, and the master and the two men remaining thereon the mate having previously succeeded in reaching the shore in an exhausted state-rescued from their perilous position. Mr. Dammerel goes on to state that during the four years he has resided on the coast, five casualties of this kind have occurred -by which seven lives were lost-chiefly through the. want of life-saving apparatus. Indeed, it is much to be wondered at, that more ample provision of that kind is not made along oar coast. At pre- sent, we believe, some apparatus are kept at the Pilot stations ; but that is not at all sufficient, considering the disasters that occur, and - the absence of shelter for the numerous small vessels trading to and fro. We trust, therefore, that some action will be taken promptly upon Mr. Dammerel's suggestion, and apparatus pro- vided at many places. As to Moonee, there can be no doubt of the propriety of a station being estab- lished in that neighbourhood; and perhaps no more fitting place for its location, or person to take charge of it, could be found than "Look-at-me now" headland and Mr. Dammerel. Residents in the neighbourhood would no doubt willingly volun- teer to act as a company to work the apparatus, and with a few drills would speedily become effi- cient. The cost to the country need not be much. But cost even should not be considered, as against the possibility of saving valuable lives. Mr. Dam- merel, as another suggestion worthy of note, urges the connecting of the Light-house on the North Solitary with the telegraph line on shore by means of a cable. This is a matter that certainly ought not to be neglected. But will the authorities attend to matters of this kind when their timéis occupied and their attention engaged upon ques- tions far more of a personal than a public nature ? Further Improvements to the City. We have been shown by Mr. 6. Finlay, architect, the plans and specifications of a two-storey build- ing to be erected for Mr, J. Young, baker, in Prince-street. The ground floor will be occupied by shops, store, dining, refreshment and other large rooms, while on the npper floor are offices and private rooms. The structure is to have an attrac- tive front, and will be an important addition to that portion of the city.-Mr. E. Hockey also intends enlarging his already extensive premises in Prince- street by the erection of a two-storied addition at rear, to afford greater facilities for carrying on his business. The Southgate Road.-As is usual after a heavy rainfall, this road is in a bad state, and in places almost impassable to vehicles. At the Frenchman's there is a bad spot, and much diffi- culty is encountered in getting along. Until this road is metalled throughout, or at least in its worst spots, it will be always liable to inconvenience to those obliged to use it, and we think, seeing that it is the main road on this side of the river to the Lower Clarence and Bichmond, a sum of money sufficient to put it in proper travelling condition, should be expended on it by the Department. France ; and-Busala have fixed up a mutual defence .treaty. 