In Normandy. Peasants' Homes and a Haunted Chateau. Why Is it, I wonder that oe class of humanity is always noking itself what the other elass is doing, how it lives, and what Its customs are 2 It was no doubt a curiosity of this kind that prompted us, the other morning, to drive into the country to visit some of the peasants' homes that lie hidden among the bills, back of Houlgate. True, we had no invitation to three places; we did not even know the farm- owners by name, After all " aristocrats" have very bad manners.compared to the poor laboring olees. This struck me most forcibly the ether day, and I felt really ashamed of my loll and friends as we boldly entered the gateway to the first farm. It would have served us right had we been rudely treated and asked to vacate the premises. As we aliproeohed the low, thatched.roof building, with the grape-vines covering a wide verandah, the horse-chestnuts spread Ing their refreshing shade far over the house, a more perfect piture 'ol comfort could not easily be imagined. Hearing the sound of earriages, three women made their appearance at the door, and seeing we were "du grand monde," as they say hereabouts, three low courtesys were dropped and a most cordial welcome extended us, much to my re lief and sirprise. They were evidently flattered byour visit, and tar from offended, as I had expected. They wore the rogula. tion peasants' costnmo--short skirt, white blouse, waists with sleeves rolled up above the elbow, long aprons, neat caps, and wooden sabots. Ono of the young men rang a huge boll at the side ol the house, where. upon a stable-boy came and led our horses off, and the father and brother of the family assisted us to alight and led us on to the lbs porch, where they requested us to rest awhile until a light refreshment should be prepared. In a short spnes of time a long table was brought out and sot before us, spread with a snowy homespun cloth and laid with quaint old blue china-wore and glass, Pots of golden honey, jugs of cream, loaves of black bread, pats of yellow butter, cakes, cream eheese, so celebrated throughout Normandy, cold meats, and a pitcher of oider, made up tbhe feast. Every member of the family waited upon us, and treated us as it we were old and valued friends, but none of them sat at table with us. We did full justice to this homely fare, after which the interior of the house e shown nous, and peeps into huge linen. wresses vouchsafed ue where piles oflbleaehed and unbleached cloth lay ready as part of the "dot" tlogo with the first child leaving the home nest, The floors In the house were all scrubbed to marvellous whiteness and then strewn with a fine whit srndo; in some of the rooms the sand was laid on the floor to imitate mosaic designs, but tlhe tread of many feet soon obliterated thoe pretty work. The old homestead was most comfortable in every respect, and the old-fnrhioned forniture in it would hove made a collector weep with envy. Large carved oak armoires. epinnig-wlhetls b ig-backed chairs, lours : post bedsteads, sand quaint tables that would I have brought their weight in precious metal t saome fashionable auction in the capital, were thought nothing o by these people, cx eept as ancestral souvenir keepsakes. Great quantities of shell.work adorned the walls, and even made up the principal brionakbreo spon the tables and ctageres. Tho fireploces were u ll those great, generous ones that take in all the family nod do cot leave any one out so the cold, s ame of our modern grates are apt to do. As we expressed our aplpreciatlion of the comfortable surroundinge, tile faces of both men and womo. latrly beamed with grabt ld pride. The dairy, esables, Ioultry yard and pigs were next shown us, and froot the cool, airy mhlk-room to nthe sty ithe, liback yard, was one prlectel delight of rleanliness, prosprity and plenty. Thee o people are never idle, and for thiat reason hIappy they are content wilsth what they have, do not env cally ,w, and li, l' of peace and oodtewil rsl t adly lcn. l] icll face bear i mnrks of thec wllly latureo withii aund our vi?is to La llroeache, an this fares is called, pul better thoughts into our mindo for days to come. The day followinc our country visit was a grand fete-day fore loulgateo. teco, s conll cert, and a ball at the casino wrreo to he the great features of thie occnions, end about two o'clock we were all ece shblcd oil tile beach to witnesse thi races. A strange place for meroo you wi ll, no doubt, rightly rcmark, but thlose were not to be ordilary ones et all, is, lcot the noccllu coureers wore not to he two.thirty roacitc:re In thie least, but two.lfooted creaturces of ur own specie, anid little, long.eared dlosleyc. Tihe beachl lay white, emeooth and iard, wilth tho tide far ot. Itn tili j lc'-I n' aFsndI tore a gay party of womesn ss f fac1hitll asld w,,ll. known about Parielsn clubs. Ily tle i xcres. selon of tnltcrest o il all cces, one woud hIave faeloed thIat a forttne was 1t stake, but in reality theo prizes conasitled oe a Iold cup for the donltoy ratacs, a lesther nlodal and riding whip for the races to follow. I'iret camete le men'"s ratce ill bcgs, tihe most comisal ri,icht I ever swilhtueed. lcshlc man was doneo up ill a large grei~alnak up to his waist, anti when tile c signal was tiven ahout thirty of thec ridiculous fig(ures started on the hlop, lskipl ad juraI; as toi ruunisng that was out of thie (iCuestios, alid most of thie barocd flally waet as all for:,. Nest followed tlIe dotkey race, tlie jekoyse being goatlemens riders, attired in cssii, low. RIeslsecl, whit bhahy.dreneos with lld itlont Soletrod eashes alld eleoe Capls. dihe ciccsllcr of tlis race was to Ite it who 'gel tlhere last,' As the boll rang for tile star, tihe doulncys alt started on a dead run, and t to thci lluet was as greOt a fent as to get lcltl It tico at most times. They seemlcct to ucderetannd tIe jobs, and wsith care well e u ad tailstt straight out they runsheld madly aloncg. j All tile." whoaI g" in clie world hadt nl o ftal upon tlhe ectuOl'te little bcasts, alsd tilet one that reacced tie holienctretlh last wa oaily Joeust a hed Iehlind tilie others. Of ail rhlliuluus elight' this waU Indeeod the most ludlrours, snti tile peale of lauglctur frols theI sookoro.on almost dtowned the eouud ol the I elop After t.e outdoor sports we adjourned to the concert-hall and listened to a very good amateur concert, the proceeds of which went to the poor of the village, The ball in Ihe evening was a most brilli. ant affair-in faet one might easily have be lieved one's self in some salon of the capital had it not been that the ladies were not decollete and very few jewels were worn. The surroundings were most beautiful, the ball room represented a tropical garden,hung with colored lanterns. I found here a great reo laxation fremi the nsual rigid ball-room eti. quette of Paris. Young ladies danced more, I and it was not thought out of place to allow the nmeo name to appear even three times on one's dancing eard. At supper-time the chaperon did not select her charge's escort, but left it to her own wine discrimination, only sitting at the same table in order not to throw off all vigilance. Early hours are respected here, for, wonder ful to relate, the French ladies rise at a most reasonable hour, and are often eoen at nine o'clock in the morning dressed for the day no, I should not say for the day, as two, three, and even four changes of toilet are made, and the thought of one dress for the whole day would abFolutely soandallee these fashionablees. An energetie little Frenolhwoman. and quite the leader of fashion heroe this seanone, hme. do Bllauliou, has started a most delightful club for ladies to help pace the hour. It is called by the qieor title of" Noues esistons" (we resist), and it is devoted solely to sword and pistol ,practice. We have a notable teacher from the metropolis, who devotee two hours twice a week to our meetings. Our club-room is a large tent, ereated on the beach, and divided off into the fencing-room and the targeotrange. We wear a simple, pretty costume of blue flannel, made with Turkish trousers, short skirts, and blouse waints. Tire style of dress leaves all one's movements perefotly free, and enables is to cultivate great ease and grace of posture. The exeroise is most delightful, and we thank Mme. do Beaulieu daily for her brilli. ant idea. Some one is always planning a nowamuse. ment or pastime here, and each day brings forth some original ideas to add to the eonjoy ment of our already thoroughly butterfly ex istence. Not long ago a courageous party of city visitors made the bold proposition that we should start some evening al:er dark, and drive to an abandoned and ruined castle whioh lies eight miles from IIoulgate and is supposed to be haunted. We were to take our supper with us, and have a moonllglht pionio among the ruins and wait till the mystio hour of twelve o'clock, when the ghosts are exi, , ed to walk, before returning homeward. Tuia plan met our views most favorably, and about ght o'clock, one oven. ing last week, the largo coach and several small carriages started from the villa and from some of the houses adjoining oure.s, The moon was just beginning to show itself over the top of a high hill in the distance, the night was soft and balmy, and we were all in the best of spirits, hoping oven to meet the restless spirit of the oldlehteau, and making wagers as to who would dare go along into the darkest corner of the ruin. The drive was only too soon acoomplishod, and we clattered into the court-yard of the Norman castle just an hour after we left home. Ruins are generally pioturesque, but some how this one threw a greater hobsrm orver us all, with its pillars and arches tLoched to silver by tile moonbeams, than we Ieal ex. peated. One tower of the chateau stood almost complete. Time had only covered parts of it with moss and vines, that clam. bored into every casement and barred every doorway, but round about layheaps of stones and masonry, broken columns and sliattered arches, that told a tale of the years that must have passed over this once magnificent dwel. Ve pokeo in lowered tones, and we walked with hushed tread through the crumbling walls. The bravest of us felt that it would be out of place to laugh here; none of us felt like doubting that some spirit did lhunt the old tower, and I am certain Ihad a band of whllite robed figures appeared out of the ruins and begun to dance a ghastly, old-time reel, none of us would have been in tile least surprised. Som ine o whillpored, " L ta move on to some plaeo that is not ghost.hke," and we wandered on to an open up:tLe of ground that the kindly moon lit up most beautifully, Hier we all eat down on siawls and rugs. After a short pause, every oneo began talking at once, int if feeling lio necebity of rousing each otther from the enollhater's spell which had fallen upon us. "Don't think any one will go back to that place at twelve o'clock," a timid voice spoke out frGIm Our OiCIlo, and the Irerimark was an swered with a hearty laugh and Irankl con fecsionso Ilht thleruiti and the hu ets eould have it all to thenielives at that hour for all we cared; and to tlfcrtually chase away any sombre thoughts that might still be lurking In our nmilds,we turned our tholughts supper wards. To alter the general routine of French pionius, instead of havinlcl brought evcrytlhing cooked anld prllared, thie Ientl, mlln had volunteered btelore leavingll home to cook all that we would re uiro. A largo fire was sooln tarted, and avery one net to work -thu ladies to arranl the tiloa, the gntile Inn to anilort theuir cpans and rrcan,,/cr, ald tiei servanttl to aoaidtt here, tlire, and every where. It wans rela t elprt, this coolting out of doors at nlight, ithll thle moonar above ite lilke a glalt central chatdllier, and the ear. rillge.inlmp about liko o many lire flies at a fIity I,-ant. And Luch ia siiluper we slat down t, I No w,(inder rlOalalliUn are suc o gaortl ir/s if they unit all malltr, r Itsi culinary art as perleotly as oulr frienlds d1l thoothr lven iltg. Ulhiekul a lr/i, ',r/,clir, eorab a It rcre, potatiLe a lat lRihlic., and ioyters elie loalltsl' were only it few ofl the thillgl that made ip i toat vsiunlliptuous IlUau. Hloe olln had broughlt ia uitar, ioillln one else a iluto, and another a violin, and alter we had enjoyed our repast, thie iiosluicoI of th1e party snggelntd all isllprolllpttt dancel, 'Partners wer hIctily eglllged, arnd up to tho stroke of twelveO we danced oil the stlloolli greensward to our thacrt'a onltent, Just as the Iast notes of the minsuto died away, a wlitu llguro aIpploared onl the tower sad blow a llog and loud blast fronl a itrui. pot. WVo all started to our foot, whitell with r. ror and spoehleas with an untold lear, fuil it was ouly my rogue of a oousin who had played us tbis practical joke. 