Vincent Bostock ; A Victorian Tale. -4--- BY EDWARD G. WOLLASTON. CHAPTER XXI II.-CoNTINUrv. Not that Miss Thwaites looked ferocious or sanguinary,-but so intense was her- evident attention-her head remaining motionless, poised slightly on. one side. One Sunday evening, Mrs Bostock, Miss Thwaites, and Vincent went into church together, having met at the gate. It was the Episcopalian church of the village, presided over by the Rev. Walter Hodgshun, very orthodox in his views both on church government and church doctrines. For with him, as with many other good people who happen to be born of Anglican parents, "The church" (meaning his particnlir denomination) wasthe essence of true religion. The sermon was based upon the text, "'1 hese shall go away into everlasting punishment, but the righteous into life eternal." The reverend gentlemen began his discourse by bowailing the tendency to scepticism which exists in the present day p and then, "good, easy man," iummediately set to work to make more sceptics-unwittinglyy, of course, hut none the less surely- by proclaim ing with vehemence worthy of a better cauoe that the majority of human beings were doomed to eternal anguish of body and soul by the just Creator and tender Father I Alh when will the well meaning Hiodgsahn of the world learn that by repeating this monstrous creed the dark ages produced- when, I say, will they understand that they are surely assisting to pull down the fabric of our noble religion P VWhen the service ended, and thelcongregation began to file out, the Boetocks and Miss . Thwaites walked homewards in cornpany. Am the elder lady was suffering from .n headache, she did not feel disposed to go farther than her own door; o sheo invited Mliss Thwaites to go in for a little. This Miss Thwaites declined on the score of lateneoa, so Mrs Bostock wished her good night, and retired to her room, while the two young people continued their walk. The evening was mild and pleasant, and they strolled along slowly at first. However, a person's pace is greatly affected by the style of conversation in which he indulges; so, when a discussion arose with regard to the theological dogmas to which they had been listening in church, Vincent began involuntarily to walk briskly. Being carried away by his feelings, the young man got faster and faster, paying no attention to his companion's weakness. At last his excited and earnest harangue came to an abrupt termination, for Miss Thwaites, panting and exhaustpd, stopped. and leaned for support againt?t an _ iron railing,. with her hiud presing.her hearteosIf'In pain. 'Vintent : greatly. alarimeil and r verwhelmingl homslt.. with reproaches for his thoughtlessness, stood still, notknowing what.to do. In a ,few moments the young 'lady 'had recovered sufliciently to explain that she was subject to sudden spnsms offthe heart, and that the rapid walking h d been too much for her. She was soon well enough to go on, and, having accepted the offer of Bostocrk'a arm, they went leisurely forwards. Leaving'Miss Thwaites at her gate, Vincent returned. OIHAPTER IXXv. It is high time that we followed Mr Gilbert Vasey on his travels. AfterlehvingMrs Gerard's hospitable roof, he took a north easterly direction towards a distant range of hills. Through riding all day, with only an hour's stoppage for lunch, sunset found, hies still seven miles fromt the mountains. They consisted of a rocky pre cipitous chain of 21 miles in extent, and of various elevations, the greatest not exceeding 1500 feet. The departing rays of the sun lit upl the higher glens and gorges, leaving the base of the range in dense gloomy shadows. The nearer Vasny approached, the lughter grew his spirits, and, slapping his horse's neck, lie gave a shout, and urged him forward. Whether thoEnore was asleep, nad the sudden noise startled him, or whether he was unaccustomed to such treatment and wished to resent it, certain it is that ho gave a snort and a bountl, and taking the bit between his teeth! went off at full gallop. Vascy tugged till his hands were sore, but wi no avail; ho used both consolatory and blaspho-) mous language, but the animal was alike imp vioUa to either. To make matters worse, the brute had swerved out of the bush track he had been following hitherto, and nowwas sloughing hisway amongst scrub and brushwood. Valsey had his work cut out to prevent himself from being dashed against the trees which flew by with great rapidity. The break-neck speed which the horse was keeping up could not last longespedaliy as the ground now began to rise and Vaecy soon had the satisfaction of seeing the pace decrease, at the same time the hills appeared close at hand. The curtain of night was draping the whole country sede when Vnasey drew rein and dismounted. It was too dark to see what sort of surroundings there were; but we mayas well use the power generally ascribed to chroniclers, and give a brief description of the place. It was a glen, thickly wooded, with se-eral caves in the craggy sides. About two hundred feet up was a remarkable fastness, called"Wi'd Cat Fortress." This stange place, which was regarded quite as a curiosity by the inhabitants for miles around, and most difficult of access. It had arounded top, after the man ner of an ancient castle. To reach the summit was a matter of great danger, and required a very skilful and sure climber, the declivity being steep and smooth. This difficulty being mas tered, the adventurous spirit looked down through an aperture not mich larger than would admit as average sized man. About two feet from the top a strangely regular flight of stone steps commenced. Grasping the edge of the tower, the climber descenled these natural stairs for about 12 feet, and then found himself in a tmsacions cavern, wide, roomy and high. So weird and ghost-like was this place that the boldest was conscious of an unusual feeling on visiting this lace for the first time. As soon as lIr Gilbert Vaey reached terra firma, he gave a whistle, and stood listening, with his horse's bridle on his arm. After a few moments of silence, which, in these monuntainous regions, and in the midst of the thick darkness induced by the overhanging rocks and dense forest growth, seemed almost alarming the traveller awoke the echoes by a loud "Coo-cc I" The rocks and glens reverberated with the sound, beginning with a boisterous peal, and ending with a derisive, far distant laugh. 2No sooner bad thei last faint echo died, than a gleam of light appeared a good distance iup the hill, aind almost immediately a peculiar whistle, compris ing three notes was borne down on the quiet air. Bixtin his eye on the light, Vassy began to nascend, leading his horse. 'Tie darkness was fast becoming impenetrable, and he blundered and stumbled onwards, " trusting to luck," is he said, to keep him fron' falling into some of the dangerous places which abounded in this range. Nlany a curse did he sitter on being scratclhed and bruised bh fallen 'brushwood and rocky ridges. At last a more serious fall occurred, and be rolled over several feet; but in his efforts to save himself, the bridle slipped off his aris, and when he recovered his legs, the horse was rapidly descending the hillside. Here was a dilemnma for the gentle Vasey I Gathering him self together in great haste, all other considera tiona vanished for the moment, he preaorel to follow the animal; baut, after groping his way with great pain and difliuenlty t to the declivity, not a sound; inor a sign of a horse or any other living creature was forthcoming. Perplexed and apprehensive of the result, Vasey was soon obhigd to give up the search, for it was simply impossible t9 see any object wlhatever. Beginn ing to retrace his steps, he cast Isis eyes upward for the friendly light . A tremor of fear ran through his frame, when he found it had wholly disaplpeared I The reason of this (which did not strike VIsey.) was that in Iris rapid and conf sied decent, he l:ul quite altered his position with reguasl to the Isntern. If he ldl ionly known it the light was burning brightly all the time on the rock os which it had lirst been placel, but now it seas totally eclipsed by an intervening hillock. The timne andi plce were sulicicient to arouse feelings of uneasinuss in the breast of anyone, lie he intelligebnt or isuorant; and Vareyys supersttitios lears, originating ill the first instance in want of knsowledge, were inag nified omd enhanced by his pecusliar character and his anything but spotless life, until the pers piration stood in cold clanmmy beads upo Ihis forelead. We all know the power of company in lonely position,-even in a dumib animal we find consolation --the inveterate smoker will Sals l us that Isis pipe is to him a tower of strCngth, a truecomfortcr. While the horse was with him Vasey had no feeling of lonelincss, but now the fill sense of his isolation rushed upon him. To add to the eerie iatureof Iis position, the stars, which hitherto hidl been visible through the tree-tops, were nosw completely enveloped by a heavy pall of clouds ; and as these arose in silence, with not even a distant thunder rumble, or the faintest breath of wind to break the monotonous stillness, the young man was a pirey to the most gloomy thoughts. wYhere ws aill his nonchalaluce now ? Where Iis ignorant assumption, his braggadocio air ? All this and more had deserted himi, and left behind nothinghut forebodings and dreads. " Well, old snan, here's a pretty kettle of fish ; what in thunder's happeneds the chaps?" solilo quised Vasey, ill a tonee meant to ibe reassurinlg, much in tihe same way as the historic hoy in psassing through the church yard " whidtles to keep his courage lup." lie again started up wards, walking as circumspectly as possible, and shouting at the tC, of hisis voice. There was tno answer for a time, but at iast lie beard a faint call, at some considerable distance. Stand ing stockstill Ie replied, and then listened in teutly. To is intense relief another shout was heard, but in at direction almost to that in which he was travelling. Following the soanund as nearly as he could, he soon had the joy of per ceiving the light once more a;ndi before loung his journey was over. Having reached the rock ona which a large horn lantern was standing, Vuscy was welcomed by three men, all fully armed, wearing large, slouch hats, and in their shirt sleeves. The nether garments of these mysterious gentlemren were not in a very clean state, being marked and spotted in a peculiar mnauner. The eldest mian was evidlently ibout five and fifty yeaLrs of ago, of grizzled and uin shaven appearance, and owned a not very pre. possessing exterior. The other two were youths, both ieardless, and one rather hand some. The young menl were named George Milibank ansd Arthur Pick, the latter being the better-looking. Patrick BIrennan, a true son of the Emerald Isle, welcomed the weary, Iruised Vasey in the richest of brogues:-" And where have ye been this long thne, sie hbhoy ? Faith, I thought ye had give us the slip." "Well, Pat, you see the scent was getting a little to strong, and was obliged to stay quiet. It was the only chancefor the lot of us." Vansey than gave a brief narration of the circunmstances which had occurred since their last meeting, but as this would not be interesting to the readers -moreover, as the iraccount was given in very slangy vernoaular, unfit for polite o?rs. I forego a repetition of it. Mfillbank and Pick were cvide?tlv "nuw cbhals," for they had ha.rdly any of that ready wssuilptlon of msnners and repartee which mark the exierienced "hland." They were quite unknown to Vasey, and le was neots. communicative and unreverved in hIsis talk with Brnennan as he would have been before old companions. "WYell, and how goes the work down below '?" enquired Vasey indlicating with adsownward jerk of the thumb the placed lihe iaferred to. "Merrily as iver, ma bhsy. Wilt ye pious, str" hers changing his tone to one of mock respect) ' to visit our humble coort." 'Vasey patting his hand on his heart, and bowing low, said in his best ball-room style, "I sh have grit pleasure in ianspecting your Sdomlcilluary regions. Leand on, Sir Knight of the Wild Cat Fortresa. CHAPTEIR XXV A sale was taking place in Lillvdale. The suctioneer was standing on a high; iron bed stead, eclanming .in stentorian tones, "LLadies and gentlemen, before starting this sale, I have a few words of the utmost imluortance to say to you. In the first place, I need hardly remind yu, that no asction either in ancient or in modern days rs ver approached this in point of magnitnde, value of articles, etc.,"(Langhter). "Tbeo again, ladies and gentleumen, I am sure you all will agree with me that the personal popularity of the esteemed resident who hsi put this sale into my hands adds at least 10 pjer eanl. to the value and durability of the goodw," (hcear,lanr I and laughter). Lastly ladies and gentlenes, if I do not Weary yes, allowu ile to nt in a s.ord for our nohbl selves. I feel it is perfectly innecessary for me reiterate the fact, so patent C the minds of all, that as atitioneer and ,buyers this day we are unri; vailed, both u busiuess capacity and general inteolectual ability." The speaker endled amidst general laughter, and the sale began. The name of this voluble auetioneerwas tr William Simpson, and the gentleosan whose household effects were being sold was one of the earliest settlers in the dis trict. MrJohn Witwali had for years been the most popular man in the township, and deservedly so ; for he was ever to the fore with mattie of publio importance. Who made. the " Farmers' Asociation"a power in the labnd? Who concocted and carried out the reservoir rschemo? Al thibs and much morm, l.ydsle had gained through the instrumentality of Mr Witwall. In his private capacity also much liked; a man who could adapt himself to what ever company he was in. This power of mak ing himself universally agreeable had both its advantages and disadvantages. Thoformercon eisted in the fact that no one could help liking him; the drawback was that very few could really respect him. The reason of this was that he was ever shifting his views, both on political and religious subjects, being "to one tling constant never." Ieople involuntarily found themselves wondering what kaleidoscopi change to-morrow would bring forth in his ions, eeing that to-day's totally opposed those of yesterday. le was a man of burly form and extremely good-natured appearance. His hearty laugh put everyone in good temper in spite of himself, and his air of general "bonhommie" was quite invigorating to see when one wasin low spirits. Mirs Witwall was a lady of far different charac ter. As a household manager she was admir able, and in the home education of her children she showed great tact and judgement. Her family consisted of four boys ani two girls. They all remained under the paternal roof until tile youngest was twelve years of ago. Mr Witwall instructing his boys after they became too old for their mother's teaching. The Witwalls were now about to leave Lilly dale for a remote part of GIppsland, and the o rniture and -other hboseo goods were not consldered of sufficient value to transport such a long distance-hience th? ale. The large garden in front of the house was strewed with articles of sill descriptions, from a cracked looking glass to a piano. There was agoodly number of people present, amongst whom we may recognise Miss Thwaites and Vincent Bostock. The former was on the look out for sonme bargains for her house, whilst Vincent was there only in idle curiosity. The sale went very fairly, and realised prices lqite as good as the times permitted. Miss Thwaites became a purchaser to a large extent, young Blostock biddileg for lier, while wondering where the mysterious lady received the where withal to pay for it. A young man named Thomas Curdle, who haul but lately arrived from Scotland, was standing alone in the garden, with hIis hack to tho fenco, gazin? ablstractedly at the losky. " Mr Bostock, who Fs that young nian ?" asked Miea Thwaites. " Oh, that fellow over by the fence? lie is the now accountant at the Commercial Bank-a very gentlemanly youth just out from home." "Do you know him ? If so, would you mind intro ducing him to me ? One's circle of aequaintances is so limited in a place like this, that every addition is welcomed." " Certainly, Miss Thwaites. Shall I bring him across ?" Itow ever, Mr Curdle answered this question himself by just at that moment going out of the gate, evidently not finding tihe scene a congenial one. Miss Thwaites was rather disappointed, but looked forward to a better opportunity. "IMr Curdle has refreshingly verdanlt ideas concern ing colonial life and usages. I tremble for himI if an experienced sharper or even a joker gets hold of him."" But perhaps hle is very young MIr Bostock. What is Ihis ago ?" "Somewelcre about two and twenty, I should think. Ile told me he was the youngest of a large family, and that lie had never left home before." ?oios Thwaites dismisscd the subject with an inclina tion of iher head, and that eenculiarly injured look which sloe occasionally put on, much to the bewilderment of those in her company. No son ever saw oliss Thlwaites in a temper. One might use sarcasm, pointed reference, reproach, or uudisgil:tac contcinpt--nothingeverdistorblcd the equanimity of Miss Tihwaites. Save aslight pallor, not a word or look Ietrayed that slio cven heard what was said. 1Her naturally cold eye, which generally avoided tiht of her com paniionPand lookedl downward dulong her nose, would, at times when language aullidient to r1use the fierce passion of ordinary folks lhad been used, become gliazed and of the appliearance of marble. ][er voice, after having receiveli provocationsr calculatted to cranie tlhestannnering awl incolhcre?cy of ungovernablo rge, was pitchlod in a key much lower than usual, and was ats firm, clean, cold allnd measured as that Iused in a discouirs on logic. II at burst of confi dence most rare with her, she once gave Vincent a small peep into her character, as follows:--" I am one of those, Mr Bostock, whose feelings when inwardly stirred appeared only to in differenceexterally." I repeat a former remark -this young lady was amystery to everybody. When engaged at a dance or other assembly of youthful frolic, she seemed to the acute olserver to be lhr real self-would laugh and chat gaily with everyone- and looked a rather ileasatlll girl. Suddenly an impenetrable mask would elipl down over her face, and as quick as thought, she became in appearance an artful, scheming woman, with no joy in her life, "fit only for tacasons, stratagems and spoils. Such was this human Sphinx. When the sale was over, Mr. Simpson, who seas a psunctual man, squared Ilis sale-book with Alr WVitwall andm hadiede ii Isi statement. BIefore parting for the night the gentlemeo partook of a friendly glass together, and over the discussion of thCl, Mr Simpson remarkedl that Mdiss Thwaites was advertising fur Iboarders. "Indeed i" exclaimed Mr Witwall, sud le uttered a peculiar whistle. TO UI C:ONTINrUED. 