GENERAL NEWS. Tho dobato on tho address-iu-reply was re sumed In tho Assembly-yesterday by Mr. Crick, who nmdo a very creditable first appearance on tho Parliamentary stage. He was followed by Mr. Frank BmilU on tbo Opposition side and other speakers followed in eeo-saw fashion —now u protectionist and thon a freetrader. Tho debate was continued by Messrs. A'Bcckctt, Waddell, Frank Farnell, Cruickshank aud lias- eall. At the conclusion of the lastnaraed gentleman's speech Mr. Abigail moved the ad journment of the debate till Tuesday, and tbo motion was carried. Immediately preceding tbo adjournment of tho. Assembly last night, Mr. O'SulUvau drew attention to tho cubo of tho Brookong sbcorcrR who were sentenced to various terras of imprisonment for assembling in a riotous manner at Mr. Hnlliday'a Brookong station during tbo latter part of Inst year. Ho pointed out that the trial of theso men took placo during a period of panic. The coalmincrs who were convicted of a similar offence in Newcastle at about tho same time had been set at liberty, and he submitted that as the law had been fully vindi cated in the case of tho shearers, the Govern- rnent would bo justified in ordering their release without further delay. Mr. Allison and Mr. Willie supported Mr, O'Sullivan's plea, whilst Mr. Abigail hoped that tbo Government would give duo consideration to the state of terrorism that prevailed at tho timo when these . men wore overtaken by the law. Mr. Plajrfair'8 maiden speech in the Assembly last night was a cause of considerable merriment to all who heard it. The bon. member for West Sydney rose soon after 8 o'clock with the words " Mr. Speaker and gentlemen" on his lips, and although it was considerately pointed out to him that it was customary to address tho House through its presiding officer only, tho unlucky expression clung to him like the dead albatross to tbo Ancient Mariner, and do what ho would ho could not rid himself of tho verbal ghost, Upon ono occasion, after provoking a jocular cry of "Order I" from the Ministerial bcnclics, tho hon. member turned to the Chair with a Binccro apology for having "insulted some of thoso members by calling them ' gentlemen ' — be really did not mean it ! " For this explanation Mr. Playfair was naturally called upon for another apology. Ho responded immediately, this time more amply than before, nodded at tho Speaker in grateful acknowledg ment of the tender rebuke, rose and started afresh with a sentence ushered in by the fatal word. Aftor another apology, in the course of which lie assured the .Speaker, the Honae and everybody in it that ho had roally no intention of insulting anyone, the hon. gentleman turned abruptly to the Premier, and netting off on a new tack, ex claimed, "But Mr. Bibbs—." The rest of the sentence was lost iu hysterical laughter, and nobody aftorwardn objected to hearing himself called geutlenmn by tho good- natured member for n est Sydney. The disease known ns stringhalt in horse! haviug becomo prevalent about Robertson Knngaloon and Moss Yale. Messrs. Alkorn representing a body of farmers, havo requested Mr John Poitio to investigate with the ideaoi extermination. Oporations will therofore bo commenced on Mouday. Mr. Lyne, the Minister for Bands, being deeply impressed with tho necessity . of preserving these frontages to tho people, has determined to look very' carefully into all applications for permission to reclaim tho foreshore, with the view of prevent ing any considerable alienation of the water frontage in future. Where persons can show that they have an equitable claim to the water frontage the Minister will not interfere, but in all other. cases he has determined to refuse sneti applications except as to places at a considerable distance from Sydney. Mr, Lytic has deter mined upon adopting this course in view of th probablo appointment at no distant date of r harbor trust, and as ho believe also that it wil be found ' necessary to resume mauy of thi frontages already alienated. A curious application was mado to the Full Court yesterday. Mr. D. K.Farr asked, through counsel, that bis name should be removed from the roll of solicitor, ilia application was re fused but, in consequence of the Prothonotary having reported to their Honors that Farr had bad a charge of forgery preferred against him, tbo Court directed that on the first motion day of next term hd»tmust show cause why his name suuuiu nut us SHUCK OIL mc roil. The Full Court was engaged for several hours yesterday in hearing au application for & writ, of prohibition to restrain the Court- martial from further proceeding with the trial of Warrant-officer Win. Webster, of tho New South Wale3 Permanent Artillery, on 11 charges proforred against him under the pro visions of the Army Act of 1881. The principal objection taken to the power of tile Court- martial to deal with tbo matter was that the charges had been made under au Act of Parlia ment not applicable to n member of the military forces in this colony. Their Honor overruled that objection, but tho application was success ful ou the grouuds that the Court- martial had not been legally convened, and that its presi dent and members had not beeu properly ap pointed. Theao defects can', however, be easily rcmodied, aud the investigation by the Court- martial will probably be recommenced within, tbo next few dnys. A meeting of the council of the Frectradi Association was held last night at the oiiice is Moore-Btrect. Mr. W. Gillespie, one of thf vice-prebidents, was in tho cliuir. There were also prosent : Messrs. Vivian, Moore, Neal, Walsh, Church, Lewie, Hogarth, Henderson, Drayton, West-Harris, Musto, S. Smith, Dunford, Fountain, Hall, Law, Wood, Foxall, Mitchelmorc, Lee, Farr and the secretary, Mr. Pul6ford. A considerable number of letters were read, mostly re ferring to the formation of branch associa tions'. A large amount of business was trans acted, mainly in connection with the opening of new branches. It was decided to print a special set ot rules for the ueo and guidance of branches, and with a view to save each one the trouble of drawing up a separate set. It was also arranged for the secretary to draw up a paper containing suggestions for tho forming aud working of branch associations. The following resolutions, which explain themselves, were passed : — " That tbo friends of freetrado be asked to subscribe the additional sum of "£3500 to enable the associa tion to actively carry 'on Us work throughout the colony. 2. That steps be taken, by adrer- | tieement aud otherwise, to urge all freetraders throughout the colony who arc entitled to vote | to make Bure that their namc9 are placed on the H electoral rolls now being prepared." A letter J was received from Mr. R. Teece, the president, p apologising for his compulsory absence and | strongly urging the Importance of active work. The schooner Mary Ogllvle, under contract to | the New South Wales Government to keep up | communication betweou Norfolk aud Lord Howe -j Island, liaB returned to Fort Jackson from her usual periodical trip to the islands. She loft , Norfolk Island on February 8 and Lord Howe Island ou February 28. Captain Garth reports that a violent hurricane Bwept over Norfolk | Island on January 27, damaging plantation | and destroying fences.. The Mary Ogilvie j oncouutered tho galo on her passage to the | island, but weathered It without injury. | Captain Garth states that the storm was ac- | coiapanied by a mountainous »ea and torrents | of raiu. The inhabitants of the island wero g_ all well when tho schooner loft. One death had | occurred in Norfolk Island. r H.M.8. Nelson, the late flagship on the Aus- | tralian atotiou, was paid out of commission at | SheerncsB on January 22, after Bevon years j. active service. Tho Nelson la to be placed la tho second division of tho Medway Bteum ; Reserve and will bo refitted for another term | of service. She is to bo provided with an equip- j . meat of quick firing guns, and it is under con j sideratiou to replace her wuzzla-lcadinjj 12 ton \ , and 18 ton guns witli a new breech-Ioadtng j armament. i) A proclamation in a "Gazette" supplement issued yesterday declares that the election of Mr. Wyman Browne for Sturt is valid, notwith- standing the delay in the return of the writ. Mr. Browne took his seat in the Assembly last night. , At tho monthly meeting of tho council or the , Zoological Society yesterday, Mr. Cnaa.- Mooro spoke in strong terms of tho financial position of tho society, and Asserted that unleafl thn , council recoived a subsidy from tho Govern- ment, to which thoy wore justly ontltlod, tbey jj. would;not bo abla to carry on. The secretary f, stated that his attention had been drawn. 9 ' aracraph in ttia dally ..press to 'the effect th»t en February. 26 last Mr. G. . A. Murray liad pangbt op his property at Mittagong a trout 17in. long, lOin. in girth, nud weighing .lb. 2oz., full of ova, and be! bolieved that it bad been bred from somo English rind American ova which be bad plnccd In his hatching boxes on Aagust 20, 1887. He (Mr. Caliett) considered that as the stream in which .tins trout was caught was a tributary of the fcepesn River 'jnoBt probably the fish wus one of 180 trout or their progeny which bod been plucod in that ytver by the late Mr. , Stuart on November 8, 11881 for the Zoological Society. It was ex tremely improbable that a fish, 18 months old tould bavo grown to ouch aBlze. ! Tho P. and 0. mail steamer Arcadia sails ifrom Circular Quay at 1 p.m. to-day for London. ' The passenger list, which is a very Li one, is published olscwhoro. Among tbo bassongers from Sydney are ' quite a host of 5yoll-known citizens. | The Oriont liner Iberia arrived at Melbourne ' Yesterday from Loudon. Among tho .passengers by tho vessel are relief crows for several of the" jBritish warships on tbo Auutralian station. The naval.contingsDt is in cbargo of Commander JPIrie, who joins tho Queensland gnuboat paluma, now in Port Jackson. - At tlio invitation of both branches of ,thc legal profession, Judgo Dowllng ouco more ascended the bench at the District Court yester day and made his . farewell epeoch to 'the . hundreds who did honor to tho occasion by t witnessing the proceedings. Mr. I'VE. Rogers, Q.C., on behalf of tho bar, expressed his regret iftt his Honor's retirement, and Mr. \V. Roberts, fien., on behalf of tho solicitors of the colony, iglso testified to tho cordial esteem 'in- which tho ijudge ws» held after his. many years of faithful 'service to tho State, and of a. thousand gracious :pcts by which ho had become endeared' to all glasses in the community. In reply, his Houor, 'Who was .evidently moved by. tho friondly Warmth with which he had been addressed, said ithat bo would bo less than a man if ho wore not affected by what ho had heard and soon that 'day. Ho might bo likened to nn old general, pearly worn out and giving 'up his sword In ;the presence of his bravo array. - For ho' Ipiust regard- thorn as his soldiers Vlien ho remembered that they had Ibad many a good battle, not for honor, not for flory, but for justice. Theso battles extended dveralong period. IIo had" been called to the itfflco of Attorney-General in tho year '184 G. In 1851 ho was appointed Police Magistrate at the ((lentral Police Court, whero he fust met his old :f.|icnd, Mr. Roberts. Ho remained in tho city fur five years, and was then promoted to the iurown Prosccutorship for tho wholo colony w |lu 1858 ho was appointed District Court Judgo at; Batburst, and sinco 38G1 had presidod over tho court in which ho then sat. Thus ho had spent 27 years of his life auioogst them, and left his old place with regret. Ho loved work. He was sorry to give it up. Ho would rather wear out than rust out. He had tendered his resignation, however, lest his failing health should impair his ability , to administer justice —a sacred trust, and so regarded by liim. He thanked both Mr. Rogers nud Mr. Roberts for their friendly addresses, and he thanked the members of the legal profes sion, amongst whom ho had so many friends, for their sympathy. It was bard !to part, and ho felt sorrowful indeed, to think Ithat ho was there for the last. time to put on j those robes or to address them from that, bench, .and to havo hia little joke with them. Cut ' iVrhea he looked around him, ho felt that that 'Was indeed a proud moment, and that if that ! morning was his last of oflico it was also, | thanks to tho kind wishes of his friends, his brightest and best. (Applause.) ! At the Quarter Sessions yesterday, a man named Georgo Richard Brown, who had some notoriety as a criminal, was convicted of larceny, and received a sentence of two years' hard labor. Upon a charge of attempting to commit jiuicide, Joseph Sprowlo was acquitted. John 'Campbell Abernethy was arraigned pupon a charge of bigamy. Mr. Buchanan (instructed by Mr. Greer) defended tlio accused, while Mr, H.Harris prosecuted for the Crown.': Tho jury found a verdict of guilty against tho accused, who was sentenced to six years' penal servitude. Joseph Wolfo was acquitted upon a charge of breaking and enteriug at Campordown. Mr. Roberts defended the accused. A somewhat peculiar case in which tho well- known name of Summerfiold aud Co. was con cerned, came before Judge Owcu in the Equity Court yesterday. The plaintiffs, Frederic Jonea and William Griffith, trading in Pitt-street nnder tho name and style of Spramcrfield and Co., tailors' and outfitters, sought to. restrain tho defendant, George Minor Sumuierfield, from tiding under the style of " Summerfiold and Co;, Haymarket Establishment." Defendant's business premises are situated in Georgo-strcet. Dr. Sly, for plaintiffs, pointed out the similarity between the stylo of defendant's business and that of tho original Sumraerfield and Co., and that tho words " Haymarket Establishment" was llkoly to mislead the public into the belief that defendant's establishment was a branch of plaintiffs bn5inc63. Mr. Lingcn, for defeudant, contended that his client had a perfect right to use bis own name in his business ; nud pro duced affidavits to show that the initials " G.A.' which wero added to the stylo of his client's business, woro tho initials of hiB clicntls wife, who had a aeparato estate from her husband, and wno u .business partner with him. His Honor refused to grant an injunction, holding that tho defendant had a right to use bis own name in his business, and that the circum- itances of the case were not-such as to amount to false representation. Tho Minister for Lands has determined to ibtata definito information concerning tho use >f the waters, of the Murray lUver on the Vic torian side of tho border. Oue of the members K tho late Water: Commission . was Mr. David kPMordic, who has a large acquaintance with iho subject, and Mr. Lync has deputed that gentleman to visit Victoria for the purpose of naking inquiries as to the rumors in fcircula- tion that the people on the Victorian side were taking the water for purposes of Irrigation. Mr. M'Mordie will report tho result of bis Investigations in this connection and generally oa tho question. Mr. Charles Paull, of Darling Harbor rail way station, writes : — "With regard to the dis tressed family Dunn, in addition to tho amounts £6 4s Gd shewn in yoUrs of the 26th ult., I have to acknowledge having received the fol lowing Bums sinco that date: 0. G. Warbur- burton and Co., '£1 ; A. Friend,- 10s; H. JCear-' ney, 2s ; F.E.R., £1 lI.\V.t 2s (id : South Coast Butter Co.— Employes per Mr.' M'Fndyen, £2 4s ; C. J. M'CaiFery, £1 U ; W. Benin, £1 : Magpie Silvnu, £1 ; Mr. F. A. Wright, M.P., £1 Tho Big Mate, £1 lss Tho Littlo Mate, lus Gd ; A. 0. Cose, Esq., £1 la : T.B., per " Daily Tele graph," Ds. Jn your issue of 2(Hh ult.,"4W.M. and A. Company' should lio'U.M. and Agency Company/ and B/ should be'F.L.B.'; J. II. . Guides and Co., £1, should bo £t la." Mr, Edward Fe'nton writes:— 44 4 Is there a ; aurol for art in; Sydney//' Surely jin refuta tion comes tho meagre attendance seen at the Theatre Royal every ' evening to witness the production ot 4 Captain Swift/ oue of the most artistic plays ever produced. Apart from the poetic beauty of tho piece itself, turn for a moment to tho mounting — the thin! cecne in j particular, n perfect triumph of its art— and glance at the east of characters, a combination which would do credit to itself on any Loudon stage- and upon those things being po pal- j pably before you, you naturally turn for tho reason of this apathy to such -a work. It can not be lack of - appreciation, for tho most earnest attention is always exhibited by those who attend. Then what Is it'/ It is incoiuprc- hemihlo to me to pcc that this production from < tho pen of an Australian, awl further a Sydney author, iusteud of being looked upon almost as a natioual step should not be recognised at all. Is our patriotic spirit quite dead, that wo do i not go even ouce in recognition of tho wonder ful talents of a boy roared amongst us, und _i who, if not appreciated in bis owu native honre, " . has taken tho London world by storm? Is there no reootmnendntiou for it even iu'this? , I Would uq glad to read a r.olutiou ot the ques tion from eoinchudv mora deeply versed in tiio Ways of tho J.h d «ev peoplo than I am. However I pen these lines in htopls of aucli, though I still reitcrato the query, 'Is there a laurel for art iti Sydney " With', reference to tbo Broken-hill water supply, for which four schemes bavo boon pro moted, the secretary of the Brokcn-hiU and ; District'. Water Supply Compunv, Limtteo. writes '/A private bill has 'been intro duced by us into and passed the Lcgis- : lative Council, and has been read tlie first time in tho Legislative Assembly, j but owing to tho dissolution of Parliament tho proceeding in tho Aimembly will have to be repeated, hut not thosu in the Council. Tlio i T, 1 ViU bo. ,RKA(n rvfevrcd by thb Couuoll to the Assembly immediately, ami there is littlo doubt but that It will bo fully passed at an curly dulo. Tho directors of my company havo from tho nrst kept to one course — namely, not. to endeavor to float until the hill Una passed ' \ through Parliament, and until tho wholo schema had bcon thoroughly gono into, tho ' calcula- 1 tions checked and verified, so that it coald be ! shown beyoud doubt that a substantial profit could be realised and that it was a good, invest ment." " Pro Bono Publico" writes " I should 'esteem it a favor if, through tho medium of your paper, you could influenco tho postal nuthoviiios to improve tho present iirraugcmontu : for delivery of -English mails in our Euburbs. Invariably tbo mails are recoived at tho G.F.O. on Saturdays, and tho town portions nro delivered by special delivery on Saturday after noons, and I am informed North Shore enjoys tbo same advantage, "but porsons residing in tlio suburbs uo not receive their Jotters until Monday morning, and tho majority of same do "not .get them until Monday night, as they aro forced to leavo for business previous to morning delivery. I am not an advocate for Sunday delivery, but I think, and no doubt yoiir readers will agrco with me, that the postmen of this colonv cujoy far mora privileges th.n in other countries, and that they might deliver the mails the nigut of tbo same day that they aro received in Sydnoy. and which I am suro would bo fully appreciated by 'ths- -residents of our suburbs." The ' Prlmato la to dolivcr a special course of lectures on Tuesday ©veilings, at St., Andrew's Cathedral, commenciug next Tues day at 8 . These lectures will bo, tho . last which tho Primate will deliver in Sydney in connection with tho Lay Hclpors' Association, fraud will deal with the important aubjcct "Tho English Reformation." u Tho Fireproofiug of City Buildings/' a paper, by Mr. John Suhnan, road at tho meet ings of tho Australian Association for the Ad vancement of Science, has been published as a pamphlet, a copy of which we have received. The Rev. Handel Jones of Melbourno is an nounced to conduct tho services in the North Shore Congregational Church during tho mouth' of March. A meeting of the general committee of tho Queen's Fuutl is called to bo held at tho Town- hall on Wednesday week to receive tho report of tho executivo committee, and to consider tho draft bill and bylaws for tho investing and administration of the fund. The Natural History Association havo a col lecting excursion for Diptera this afternoon under the leadership of Mr. F. A. A. Bkusc. The annual meeting of the British and Foreign Biblo Society (N.S.W, auxiliary) will bo held on Monday week in tho Y.M.C.A.- hall. A meeting of gentlemen favorable to tho formation of a branch of tho Freetrade Associ- tiou in Newtown district will bo held in St. George's-ball, Nowtown, on Monday evening. The prizes and certificates won at the recent , East Sydney Industrial and Kino Arts Exhihi- ; tion will be distributed on Monday evening iu the WilHnm-street Wesleyaa Church. A public meeting will bo held at St. Mat thias' Hull, Paddiugton, on Monday evening for the. purpose of forming a branch of the Frcetrndc Association. Thniautumn exhibition of tho Horticultural Society of New South Wales will be held in the Town-hull on Thursday and Friday next. 