VICTORIA. THE LAND ]O0M. An action arising out of the Maribyrnong. Estdto's was mentioned in Chambers on Wed nesday. Charles D. Stracher (caterer), Edmund Comber (agent), and thirteen others formed themselves into a syndicate to pur chase 249a, being half the interest owned by T. tent, M.L.A., the other half being owned by F. E. Selman and Gustave Lachal. Plain taiffs paid each a deposit of £300, and each also gave promissory notes to the extent of £3082. Comber, holding four shares, gave notes for £15,928. Plaintiffs' claim was for an injunction on the grounds of misrepre sentation to prevent Selman from dealing with the land or notes, and also to return the deposits. The application was granted, and a similar one will be made regarding Lachal. CAUCUS OP LII)BRALS. A caucus of Liberal supporters of the Government was held on Weduesday, the Chief Secretary presiding. Only thirty members were invited, and twenty-four at tended. Mr. Deakin made a short explana tory statement of the present position of affairs, and urged the usual formation of a party for the coming election. A resolution was passed, retaining Mr. Deakin as leader. A committee was then appointed to draw up a party programme, and the caucus was ad journed until Tuesday morning next. THE TRIAL OF BUTLER. The trial of Thomas Francis Butler, charged with defalcations in tihe Reogistrar General's office, was continued on Wednes day. A number of persons connected witlh the insurance offices were examined, and the case was being continued when the Court rose, bail being renewed. AUSTRALIAN NATIVES. The No. 1 Branch of the Australian Natives Association on Wednesday night m Melbourne, decided to remit to the confer once, shortly to be held at Sandhurst, the question of Australian natives raising funds for the erection of a statue to the late Mr. Peter Lalor. Mr. W. J. Lambie read an interesting paper on Samoa, with the object of showing that the Germans had acted aggressively throughout, .and that the British and United States interests were far greater than the German interests in the is lands. BURNT TO DEATH. Mrs. Bmallwood, aged 70, was burnt to death on Tuesday night at her son's resi dence, Mooramunga, Devenish, through her clothes catching liro accidentally while she was lighting her pipe. r.C. COLLEGB. Roman Catholhe college, Ballarat, ca~lled the Holy Ghost College, was opened with ceremony on Tuesday, by Archbishop Carr, in.the presencoe of the Bishop of Ballarat and a large gathering of clergy and laity. MODBIL WORKING DAIRT. The Minister of Agriculture has received a report from Mr. DI). Wilson, superintendent of the model working dairy at the Centennial Exhibition. The report stated that during the six months the dairy lhad been at work a large number of both town and country visitors had waited for hours and days in order to obtain information on modern dairying. Thirty female and 33 male students had been enrolled. The separators treated 138,252 quarts of milk; 84771b of butter abd 22741b of cheese had been manu factured, and a large quantity of cream haid also been sold. The average quantity of milk. to l1b of butter was 3 gallons, and 1 gallon to lib of cheese. For the butter 2s 6d per lb was obtained, and ls for cheese, and the daily produce was often sold in one hour. S PROPOSED NATIONAL ORLCHESTRA The scheme for the establishment of a national orchestra in Victoria is being well received. No effort has yet been made to collect fund sounside the committee, but more than £2000 lhas been guaranteed, inclnding £100 per annum each from a number of gentlemen. Before leaving for England. Mr. Cowen evinced his interest and sympathy in the movement by joining the previsional committee, and becomning a guarantor for £50 per annum for two years. 