The Family Pulpit. The Pharicee and tile Publican. By Roy. JoN MoNCEILL, Of Edinburgh. Preached in)the Metropolitan Tabernacle, London. " ALND Jesus spake this parable tinto certain which trusted in themselves that they wore righteous, and 'despised others: Two men went up into' the Temple to pray, the one a' Pharisoe,, and the other a publican. The Phariseoe stood and prayed thus with himself : God, I thank Thee that I am not as other men are, eitdrtiosiers, unjust, adultorers, or even as this, publican. I fast twice in the week;. I give tithes of all that I possess. And:then publican, standing afar off, won d not lift up so much as his eyes unto heaven, but smote upon.his breast, saying, God be. merciful to me a sinner. I tell you, this man went down to.his house justified rather than' the.other; foroyvery,one that exaltdth him self shall be abased, and he that humbleth himself 'snhall' be exalted."--Luko xviii. 9-14: I know, dear friends, that this is a familar and somewliat hackneyed portionof scriptuse, and tlherfore. thie usual formula ought to liave uisisual' oorco and meaning in all our hearts to-day, that I majy be able to speak upon it, and tlhat you may be able to hear it with the power and the help of the Holy Spirit, without whom it will be utterly. impossible to get any freshness or to got any light and meaning out of this-I lhad almost sald "too famniliar"-portion of Scripture, 'the Pharisee and the publican. Let all our help be found in Him, and let all our well springsof' freshness be found in that unfail ing source of spiritual life and' spiritual teaching. I will not attempt any formal division of the subject, but simply strike out, as we go through the narrative, things as they occur to me which may help our faith and helpour conduct.' Notice, first of all, what seems to come to us here regarding our Lird's method as a teacher and a preacher. It comes out in the first line. "He spake this parable unto cer tain who trusted in themselves that they were righteous, and despised others." Notice, I say, something here of our Lord's method,. that something being great sim plicity and directness. Surely the Pharisees in that company had a bad quarter of an hour on that occasion. Our Lord, of course, most perfectly-far more perfectly than any of us can do-joined the " suaviter in enodo" with the " fortiter in ?re." Ho spoko .the truth, and spake it in love as never man spake it; but we have to notice, if we wish to follow Him, that roundabout methods donotgotmuch counten anco from Him. He spake this parable to tihe people in front of Him who needed it. Efe did not miss them and strike the wall. He never did; and it is a little disappointing when you turn'"to learn of commentators and commentaries, to find all sorts of roundabout meanings imported into as straight-going 'a proposition as ever was invented. "He spake .this parable uinto certaii'who trusted in thldminselves that they werd trightaous, and despised others." Ah! let me say here that if we wish to do our Master's work it would be greatly to our advantage if we used not only our Master's matter, but also our Master's manner; and lot there bo less fear of man, less fear of giving offence, and more and more anxietyto speak out the truth of God, impugn.whoso list, whether men will hear or whether men will forbear, speaking our par ables to those infront of us who need occasion ally h tkei~ie edge bftlie truthof God. There is no use in applying the healing balm of God's Word until, first of all, pride and self sufficincy have beensmitten into the dust by tie sword of' the Spiiit. I rather fear that a good part of the Church's failure in reach ing thIe due efficacy.of preaching comes out of this-that we'are toon suave and too sweet and too smooth. 'We are lifting up peoole before we have knocked them d wn. We are applying a plaster to thie whole skin. We are bringinig cordials to those who are not sick arid ready:to perish for want of them. If we adapted our method we should come at results Let us, then, this morning, not get offended if the message should be a little plain. It is tlie!Master's message to those. here tboddy wlio!ardpcrhaps miore or less un con'ioous'of it; It is wonderful the hearts into .vhich can creep this vile thing, trusting in'themseelves thiat thej' were righteous, and of courso- for it always follows~-despising othor people. Then, notice still further the blighting e ffect of religious routine as thatis illustrated in this introductory verse. Why, it is a marvel that it should be written that people -Old Testament or eNwv Testament people -could trust in thomsoelves that they are righteous and diispise others. Yet the thing can be done. It was done in Old Testament times and it is done to-day. Just think of it! "He spoke this parable to men and women who would have turned black in the face with 'rage if you had denied their Abrshamic descent. "We are the children of Abraham." But, oh, how unlike their father! We read that their father trusted in' God to get righteous and to get righteous noess; and yet the sons of such a father trusted as heartily in themselves as their great father had trusted in God for righteous noss, and still claimed his descent! What a blind,: deadening, hardening thing religious routine and formality must be! From its blighting, withering, blasting power may God Almighty deliver us to-day arid every day. Then let us come to the actual parable, and'-noticeo.liow it. illustrates just this busi noss that .gathedrs us together to-day. Lot us look.upon.the .parable as a great directory for ptblio worslhip-how to worship God, liow todoit~' h'ow not to do it. It sheds in some ways a kindly aind in others a lurid light up:on that great subject-how to draw near t'o God."'We'need the lurind light of it as well as thie kindly, justas did those people who received it first, because we are very like tile ancieit' Jews. We worship God almost whether we will or not. Grace, I know, does not run in the blood, bunt'ohuroh-going does. Whether we will or not, once a week a wave that we cannot escape easts us up witlh wonderful regularity upon these shores-carries us inside God's holy place. Will we, nill we, we cannot escape it, and therein lies our blessedness, and therein lies our danger, therein lies the great need of this sublime directory for pipublio worship. I am not an advocate of pictuires in churches, but if I wore, rtero would be two that I should hke to have set up-this parable soet' forth by tile best work that the best artist could put upon it. Let us have before our gaze, as we come into the house of God, lest routine and formalism should blind us, the one man as he stands warning us away from his way, and the ..other man as ihe stands welcoming us to approach and to go along the road which lihe found to be so short, so simple, so eflicacious. Ah, yes, to me that is the great use of this old story for our present need and for our present purpose. 'Twor men went up in the Temple to pray, the one a Pharisee and the other a publican." Let us follow the graphic, the photo graphic, details of their going to the Temple and going from it, as thIe Master has set them forth, trying, 'as I. have said, to realiso all along that we are just exactly standing in their shoes or sandals rather. . Men had often gone' to theio Temple to pray. Like ourselves, they had to do it. It was the correct thing to do,. and upon this ,par tioullaodcasion the eyes of Him with whom especially in publio'worship we have to do were bent upon these two moei, because He desired to serve a particular purpose by these men in the church to the end of time. He wished to set these two men in the picture gallery of thle New Testament Church, so that all who come to God may know how not to do it, and also how to do it. I often think that those two cases are like the lights round about our coasts. There stands, for example, the red glaring, flaming beacon light that says to the marine, coming In from "stormy seas and dangerous days, and stillmoro dingerous nights," "0O, mariner, if thou wouldst get home, if thou wouldst get to thy God, and find HIm in His own house, if thou wouldst find the harbour of peace and quiet and sarety, afecor all the heavings and tossings of these sons of time and sin, come thy God in a way as far removed from mine (the Pharisee's) as you can pos sibly imagine. If you would steer for heaven, steer far from me. Thie roaring reefs, thle. sunken rocks, thIe dan?crous quicksands, the unsightly mudbanks are hero. Therefore I am here. If thou wouldst not founder at the harbour's mouth-if thou wouldst not go down to hell from the gate of heaven then, for God's sake and your own, get thou rid of every grain and atom of the Pharisee.' If, on the other hand, you would come near to God after such a week as I have described -after such a week as your own heart tells you you hav'o come through-if you" would come to God in His house and find Him at home, if you would come into port and drop your anchor in the deep, still waters of God's fathomless grace and mercy, and peace, then as often as you come-and this is a word for old worshippers as well as for those who are newly beginning and thllosoe who are going wrong- come to God in a way as much a copy.of the publican's as the same grace alone will enable you.". The publican is the white: light at the harbour's mouth that says to the mariner, " Steer straight for me. Home is here.' Friends are here. All your best friends are awaiting yoSet on yonder pier head. Therefore I.am here to greet your eye, to cheer you, and to guide you to the port of peace." Ah, I think that that is the publican's function. Now, mayy God iti His mercy grant that none of us may founder. Alas, alas, men and womsen, what an infinite pity, what an infinite horror, it would be that any of us to-day should come so near and yet remain so far. Why should itbo? Why rather should it not be with all of us to-day, so near to God just because, will.we.nill we, we put ourselves under the very roof of His house. Why should we not come into His very presence and go down to our houses- with the joy of the justified swelling and pulsing and throbbing through the whole inner man. Then look at the detail. "The Pharisee stood and prayed thus with himself." 'Then you. know what follows, "God, I thank Thee," and so on, and so on. What is wrong with .that prayer? "God,'.:I thank Thee that I am not as' other men are."' What is wrong ivith that ? Does it not seem to come marvellously near a true prayer, a true ex. pression of thanksgiving? Ay, 'it does. It comes far too near it, because, you know, my dear friends, in this business of prayer, in tihs businees of propelling my need, and thought, and wish toGod's ear and God's heart by. means of pellets or bullets-myn words-I either do it or utterly fail. An inch of a miss is as good as a mile. Our prayers already within tthese walls: have either struck God's ear, and told upon God's heart, and caused divine compassions to pour forth, or they are utterly lost and wandered through the upper air, and the prince of the power of the air is making hollish sport out of 'our wandered prayers. Ah, we fail to understand the awe, the solemnity, the stupendous crisis that comes to a nman when on the Sabbath day he comes to the Old Tos tamenst Temple or to ,the Now Testament Church. What is wrong ? "Heostood and prayed thus with himself." Ahh there is what is wrong. In, the Greek the original very carefully says, if you look into it. " He prayed with himself." He said "God," but he thought of self. Hiseword and his heart belied "each other. That is a Pharisee all through from beginning to end. In psalm, in hymn, in prayer, in conversation lie is a Mr. Talkative... Bo talks, talks; his word seems to be right enough, but when God comes, along' and tdsts it 'Hob finds out the sham, the counterfeit; because, you: know, if we had stood there that day we should have been utterly mislead, just as wi'lave boon very likely mislead aboit' oachli'otther, here or elsewhere. Ah! a Pharisee oi hliard to find out by anotllher Pharisee. I niever .would have found out this man, 'neither wouild you; but the Lord put his eyes upon him and He has exposed the pitiful sham once for all. Let us be warned. If you had st'ood there, my dear friend, you would hav'e "sen a man as the Greek says, plariting himself. : H'0 took up a position. Heo had oftedn'dbne this. He was a perfect authldrity on~ how to worshlip God as regards oextlrnal--so devout, so decorous, so altogether correct. You'would' havo seen a man on whose very cldthes and across whose forehead were texts of sceipture, for they "made broad theii phlylactries." You would very likely have heard the word ".God." forl think this urayer was spoken. It was too good:to keep to himself.' 'It was not "unexpressed." Oh, no, it wvas uttered. You would have heard:the word "God" escaping from his hp. and you ivduld lihtely have gone away down into the town saying: "If there is a genuine worshipper of God in all .tle city, I passed him this morning at the Temple"; and you would have been utterly "out of it," for the Lord passed by and beheld his devoutness.' The Lord who sees not as man sees, but who sees past masks and faces and clothes, and our Sunday looks our Sunday books--the Lord who sees into the heart passed by him. Ho took one look in and once for ever He exposed tho ghastly sham of Pharisaio worship, "He prayebd," says Christ, "with himself." The original is very strong, far: moi·e strong than tlheo' Jng. lish can be The ordinary verb for prayingt: with the proposition that is always used for carrying a prayer aeross" from e?le worshipper to the deity worshipped, is the verb and preposition used here for carrying this man's prayer across from him self, the worshippor, to hiniself, the' deity worshipped i: All that God got in this man was the action of the lip in' uttering: His' name. Self got the congratulation; self got the praisoe and glory. "He stood and prayed thus with himself.' I .never should hlave found him out, but the Lord piuts in a key that opens that very, very cunning look, the look of' a Phariseoe's heart. At Ohrist's touolh it flies open, 'an' the ghastliness and the ntsory are revealed. . My dear hearer, have you never found yourself marvellously like that man,' stafiding here and using words that are'only ivoids words which, on David's lips, were gaaps;sind sobs, and cries, but on our lips are. moro words ? We slied no tears, we do not rend the heavens, woe.do cry "for 'God,, fdr the living.God."' We sing a psilm to a par tioulartun."' 'Ah; iny dear sheiror, hae+ we not come perilously near to the Pharisee's danger,: and liko.tleo Pharisee :havoe; been unaware of it? ..May our eyes be openedl -May the scarf skin be torn away I May. ve see ourselves at this moment as God Al-: mighty soos' us, for by our own will 'and act we have. subjected ouselvos to.day to His keenest sorutsinv. I It is porfootlyright for a man to thtink God that hlie is not like other men.1 Let me illustrate it. Lot me bring it hope to yeou. • My young brother, it is perfectly righte for you to sit or stand there and say :-".I thank God I amn not like that yo!ung fellow who resled paset me with oathes and -indeoon?. cies and blasphemies in the Strand last night." My sister,' it is right fori yeu' to rise, and ith trembling voIe and heart thank God that you are not:like, tho daughters of shame whos" prbsence 'defles our astreote. But doet thou thank Gbd, or ' art though secretly kissing thy hand to thy own mouth and congratulating thyself? That is the test of worship, of prayer, of praise, of thanksgiving, and of material giv. ing. What space and place does love to God keep in our hearts ? Tested by such a test, the Phariseeo is found to be utterly worthless, totally misloeading as a worshipper of tlie one living and true God. You remember tho old story oflJohn Bradford. lie stood upon the streets of his native town watching a procession accompanying a criminal to the place of execution, and those who stood near to that godly man heard him say, in a voiceo broken with" emotion, "But for the grace of God, there goes John Bradford." lNow lot us pause a minute on that. Look here. Is that real, or is it a simply a "goody.goody" way of talking we have got into in order to be square with the book? Yes or no P Dost thou thank Goad? Dost thou sit down -O, Christian man or Christian woman !-and has the grace of God brought you to this-that you are prepared to sit down beside the battered harlot in tIhe slums, and say--" y sister do not despair of the grace of God, for I am beginning to be hopeo ful P" lias God's grace humbled ourpride ? Yes or no ? This Pharisee was the dry-rot of the Old Testament Church, and his counterpart is the dry-rot of the New. Ohi, to grace how great a debtor 'Daily I am constrained to be ! ; :That is the language of the very heart of a gracious soul. Have not I hoard yoi gding about saying-" Well, I may be this; and I may be that, but I could not do this, and I could not do tlhe other?" You are found out. My dear friend, the grace of God never speaks that way by human lips. The.grace of God so reveals to a man his own seorot corruptions-so discovers to him the depths of Satan that are in his own heart, that he never says that.' Hoe speaks as the man in my story speaks. But for grace, constrain ing and restraining, parental influences, ashel tered life, while others had no such influences and no such shelters, theoro are no depths of wickedness into which I might havo plunged, and in which Imight not be wallowing like the vilest and most abandoned. The grace of God, if I understand it, the Gospel of God's grace- simply means that the best man or woman in this tabernacle to-day needs to be washed from sin in the blood of tho Lamb; and the vilest creature outside needs no more. "Ha llolujah, what a Saviour!" .May God sweep thle heart of this ranting, canting hypo crite out of us ! May God take clean away from us all religious cant and all cultured cant that are,infis ears, as I sadly fear, so offensive to-day I It is worth while noticing that when the man came to an end of his negative good ness. and sought to express himself in terms of positive goodness, how soon the trumpet collapsed. You know, seeing thlat the world is what it is, it is vastly easy for me to say "I am nbt like this ;I am not like thlat; I am notlike the other.' It is vastly easy to gather together a~pile of slaughtered reputa tions, and to climib up on the top of them,' and then crow-yos; like a cock upon a dunghill. It is vastly easy. But, my friend, when you have come to an end of your nega tive goodness, toll us, in heaven's name, what you are positively-not what you are not, but what you are. And. hero--and oh, the sarcasm is withoring-hoio, when thse poor fellow has thle tiunmpet up to his own lips, and there is nothing to hinder him blowing as loud and as long as he may, hle comes to a pitiable collapse.. " I fast twico in the week. I give tithes of all that I can get." What a moral monster ! Ah, you smile. I am glad yousee it. I trust that we all see it. It is undoubtedly one of tloe keen edges of his very two-edged blade. When he comes to tell of hIis positive goodness, that is all he can tell. He scannot oven say, " I asa eyes to the blind, and feet to the lame," or toll of doing anytliing kindly. No. " I fast twice in thle week. I am a Ritualist. I give tithes," not " of all that I possess," the original is tremendously koon-" of all that I can grasp." Thiswas a man would rob wildows' hIouses and grind the faces of tlhe poor through the week, and theon try to sanctify his devilment by giving his tithe to the Temple on Sunday, Htas he no counterpart P Is all this money that is to be given after my sermon is done clean money P Take care ! Iead not God to say long ago-" Your silver and gold are corrupt P" So, lhere, have we not mon to-day creeooping into the Church simply because it serves their turn ? There is a kind of paotion, not expressed, but under stood between us, "Now, proneacher, I' will come into your Churlch, I will sit in it;. I will pay pow rents, I will give to all the schomes of tlhe Ohurch, and if you will keeoop away from me thloso humbling doctrines that are undoubtedly in' your book. Now, sir, don!t be a foobl .:You understand the situa tion.' You play my game, and I will play your game. Let me off 'as regards the old Puritanical, scorching, humbling, down taking preaching, and I will make it worth yser' while. I willbo there .regularly. I will be one of your best givers. .I will be a pillar of the Church." Yes; as a mas in my country said, "a otsrpillar. I sadly fear that theo very sano pass to whlich '' thieo Pliarisoe brought the Old Testament Olusrch his New Testament counterpart will bring tihe New Testament Ohurch to, unless God's graco prevents. Ahl, friends,. it: will not dol It willnot do! And it is often triaed. "I give tithes of all that I can got." There is a man who is at business day and night, from 8 o'clock in the morning till 11 o'clook at night, mad down:. in this belated country of yours even on tlse Sunday. We manage to shut the shop on Sunday in Scotland. Here, I sup pose, the liquor-shops are open on Bunday. Very well: you will get a man, and'that is his business-to scatter death, desolation, and damnation right round thie week by that ac cursed trade in intoxicating liquor, and. then he comes" in large and broad, and Ilaunting himself and hIis family on the Sabbathl day, and the .look on his face says-"Now, preacher, understand the situation. I want to be a religious mtan. Give me a certain cloak and credit of respectability; and, if you will understand your book and play your oards right, I will give you my contributions." You are not to say a word against suoh a man's trade, for he is suchl a giver to the Churchl, - He gives thirty or forty or fifty: tliousand pounds to endow a cathodral, and thie whole Church of God is to forget her splendid.position, and become a flunkey "st. its foot.' 'It is a groat relief to turn to the other side, is it noth . I know thlat you'are wearying for the other side. So am I. But it is hard to got past this fellow when you begin on hIim; and, I trust that somewhliat of the' zost and relislh with Wvhilch we pull him to pieces arises from the fact that we are falllsg with a splendid vengeance upon what in ourselves is 'exactly like him. ' It is a somewvhat plain way to put it-you call it coarse and vulgar; but I will risk it-could you not bite the tongue of a mian who has worshipped God perilously like this, both in Isart and yonder at the plate, graceless in thankegiving, grace. loss in material gift, graceless in worship all tIhrough ' eNow we will turn to the oither aide. "Tile publioan, standing afar off, would not lift up so muah as his eyes unto Iheaven, but ssnote ailpdn' his breast, saying, God, be merciful to me a sinner." I must be brief hIere, not siiply becauso thie time is far gone, but beeoans'wo cannot'bo long. I never hear this lublioan's prayer sufliciontly expounded, l'?hoi Pliarise's prayer is built up of word up'Ao' wod; and just as it is built up, word by 'word; so, after I get guidance from tbhe Lord,.I can come, and word by word, brick by bried, scatter it along the ground. But the piublican's prayer-ah' do not ask me to pound. snd oexpound the publioan's prayer, It is so made up of the very heart of a man -it is so filled with a man's deepest, truest, bmoot thoughts and wishes, not man-w~ard, but God - ward - that it is difficult to do anything with it. It is a cry for a man away down there at holl's gates, which are just openooing to re coiove him--a cry, cominng de prof ndums, and ringing, singing on its way, "Gloria ice e.rcelsis;" and how are you to expect n mo to, as.. it were, tap the electric wire, and bring down tllemessage and open it out? I anr neither at the bonding end nor at the roceiv. ing end. It is dificoult to expoud a gasp, a sob, a yell from a man who is tottering over the brink of endless pordition to the God whom he still thinks can saveo him. That is the tronblo'with the publican's prayer-it is so unwordly. •It is all reason and logic and experimental religion, so compact, so con densed, that there is no expounding of it. It is not for preaching, it is.not for expounding, it. is for saying, it is for doing., What you hlave to:do with this prayer, my hearer, even if you hlave been fifty years in grace, m thisJ go hlomo to-day and take it up--" God be merciful to me a sinner." Try it; oray truaor yet-tru r yet I There is a cracked note there. Do you not deteot yourself thlat something falls fiat in its spiritual music and moeaningr aay it again and again, and yet again, till the heart within you is burst and rent in sunder by the spiritual dynamic of a prayer likoethis :-" God be merciful to me the sinner."' Yon Pharisoee in his mouthiun is looking upon all mankind. " The roest of mankind " is what ho said. This man saw nobody, hoard nobody, thought of nobody but himself-moI the sinner." Ah, how dooply learned he was! In yon other man's rinting and mouthing there is no word of sin, no word of grace, no word of mercy. Ho was righteous; hoie was quits with God's law; in fact, God's law owed him something. Ho did more than the law demandod. As to this poor publican, there are three words in his prayer that we shall neveor fathom the moaning of- Gfod, mercy, sin. Stand up arid give me definitions of theso-any man, cr any college of men-God, mercy, sin; and I will add a fourthL "me." No?s. until we know something experimentally of those four things we have not begun to worship God; wo have not come, my friend, within 10,0(0 miles of God's grace, and nioroy, and peace. This man had happened upon them all. Alh! when God the Holy Ghost leads the poor sinner Ho leoads him straight, Ho leads him with Divine simplicity, He leoads lim into experimental knowledge and into ox perimental peaeo. Oh, let us pray it, lot us say it, let us sing it overy day wo rise and every. night we lie down! Let us try it again and again and again so that we may deepen it and broaden it and widen it, and make it to be a prayer right from our hearts to the God from whom we expect pardon and peace and eternal lifo-" God be merciful to me the sinner." Hlie know God; he knew and hoped that there was miercy; he know himself to be a sinner. He was a man full of knowledge. And the last word I amI1 goingo to .suny is our Lord's last word "I toll you this man went down to his house justified." What does Ho tell us when He says that P I have said all aloni. that we would look at this subject in the liglhi of present circumstances and of present nay complications in connection with the worslup of God. .Neow, Christ's last word is a very valuable word on present day complications. " I toll you this man wont down to his house justified." I take it to be Christ's verdict on the worth of public worship P. What is the use of going to the Temple. Men and women wore saying that in Israel long ago, and they were'saying it with sad hearts booause of the Phariseo-What is the use of going P-just as to-day men and wvomen all over London are saying, " What is the use of going to Church or Chapel ?" and in many eases they are saying it because of the Pharisoos. Either they are in the pew, or (God help us !) up hero in the pulpit, for alas, alas ! that is part of our danger to-day. The Pharisee, the elder brother, may actually be in the pulpit; and when thie older brother is in the pulpit, you may be sure. that' the prodigal brother down below will; got but a very cool invita tion to come homo. " Now, what is the use of it ?" men wore saying long ago., They are saying it still. I always fool that it was a great mercy, a great blessing to himself, that that poor publican did not lift up his eyes to heaven, for, if lihe had done, you see, between him and heaven the only object on the horizon was the Pharisee; and he would have stopped going a stop nearer to God's house, and lie would have gone away home, saying:-" No, I am as good as he, and I will not keep. up this sham of temple going at all." It was a great moroy that he kept his head down. That Pharisee would have spoiled him, oven when God was trying to got hold of him. , - SAbh, my dear friend, look here. It is an awful thing if there is some one who does not come to "Spurgeon's Tabernacle" just bo cause you come so steadily; and it is jtuit possiblo. It is an awful thing if somebody does not come to Maoreo.Roxburgh Froo Ohurch in Edinburgh because I am the preacher. It is an awful thing, and it is quite possible. We are keeooping back each other from God's bosom and God's kiss, or. we are enticing oach other. It is the one or the other. There is no middle course. Oh, poor publican, keep down your head. Do not look on some haughty, high-minded, conceited person whoprocedes youtothoe house of God. Do not! There is a snare in it. Fasten your thouights and your hearts upon otlldr things. "This man wont down to hIis house justified." Yes, says Jesus, publia worship is worthl whilc. To tho Pharisoee it is a well without water and a cloud without rain ; but to those who are weaonk and weary and heavy-laden to those who are beginning to know the bitterness of sin-the house of God, the day of God, the Word of God, are wells in the desert ,which never run dry. For you this tabernaole was built. O sinful man, O sinfnul woman, who, it may be, have come by ohance within these walls toe.day, God will pass by thie proud and self-righteous among us, and single you out, and lavish upon your despairing soul the very rilchs of His grace ! Why have we so much out side lapsing P I toll you says Christ, it is bo cauise there is so much inside lapsing. Every Pharisoe is lapsed from grace, aend there would be less of the lapsed inside. If we wish to have poor publicans coming in, then let those of us who know Gad and knoae God's grace come to His very house in such, a way as shall be a recommendation to them to follow us. May God bless to us abundantly to.day this exposition of this old, old story of the Phearisose and the publican ! Amen. 