General; 'News.' Another Fire in; Melbourne.— A destructive fire Occurred ..in -Little Collins- street, resulting -in the partial destruction of W. A. Roeke and Co.'s furniture and bedding factory. The fire-originated in the bedding factory situated on the top storey, a . quantity "' of kapol: being by some means ignited. Two of the- top storeys were gutted before the flames could be subdued, The .. damage done is estimated at . several thousand pounds, all of which" is covered by insurance. — — 0 — — A Fireman/ Fatally Burned.) — A terrible .-/tragedy i was ft 'enacted at Malvern (Victoria), last Wednesday during the annual/ celebration of the local fire brigade. -"\Vhile the firemen were marching 111 torchlight proces sion dfifeinan named John Box was carrying a quantity of colored lire in packets" in his tuiiic, with which' lie was feeding a pan which a comrade carried in frout of him. Suddenly some of the .fire from the pans fell and ignittsd one of tlie packages'" Box was carrying. Immediately the poor fellow was enveloped, in flames,, but the fire biirnt fiercelyt:aiid it;' was dome time before that portion of : the tunic coil- taining the combu'stiles could be cut from him. B,ox. ; was : dreadfully burned and next morning succumbed to his injuries. He was aged 29, unmarried and very well off. ' -o— — - The Unemployed in Brisbane. — a large and impromptu open air meeting of unemployed was held on Thursday last. Subsequently a deputation waited on the secretary of the Australian La bor Federation, and requested him to call a mass meeting of unemployed on Saturday .afternoon. Tlie deputation stated that it was estimated that there were about 500 .unempl'03'ed in Bris bane at the present.. Tlie object of holding a mass meeting was ' to' urge on- the Government' the necessity "of doing something towards relieving the existing distress. Mr. Hinchcliffe replied that he would consult the other executive members of. the Federation on the matter. — — 0- — :: Destructive Fire at Manly.— a large fire occurred last Thursday night when four of the best shops in Manly were almost totally destroyed Ijy fire, viz., Mr. T. W. Line's two drapery shops ; Mr. A. Albon's, boot maker, and Mr. B. Downes, chemist. These buildings were situated on the Corse, the main thoroughfare. The fire broke out in Line's premises about 9.15, just as Mr. Line and his assist ant were taking the goods from , the front of the shop' to store inside' for j the night. The flames originated in j the millinery window, v/liick was well trimmed with a quantity of new spring goods, and in a few minutes the ivhole millinery and fancy shop was in a blaze; Mr. Line rushed inside, but could, not even save the cash box, which 'contained a quantity, of money, and at once turned his efforts to the adjoining premises, the drapery division, ;.a portion of the goods in which he succeeded in saving. The local; fire brigades were soon out, but could do nothing/for the want of water, . and so directing their attention towards saving the buildings on each side of Line's shop. At -first their efforts were unrewarded, hut Mr. No'tting tlie j manager of the Manly Aquarium, threw open the tanks of the building, and an unbounded supply of water .was soon available. The flames were tlien gradually quenched, but not be fore Line's premises had been levelled to the ground, the other buildings adjoining being entirely gutted. Messrs. Albou and Downes are considerable losers. Line's stock is insured to the extent of about £2000 in the Australian Mutual Office. Downes' shop forms part of a terrace, owned by the Anglo-Australian Investment Company, and was insured to the ammount of £400 in Hie Australian Mutual. , Albon's is insured ' in the New Yualand Union. — — o Keep the Money in the Country. A shocking bad piece of news for the Shadow Party has been telegraphed from Melbourne to the effect that in the previous nine months £1,600,000, in gold coin had been sent out from Victoria. Now, this piece of news is a perfect blizzard to the party, because, ' in and out of season, they have been shrieking in the public ear the state ment that it was only under freetrade tli at gold was sent out of the colony. Had the fact not been officially stated by the Victorian authorities them selves, it would have been" placarded as. a freetrade invention. Now, how ever, the world knows it. including the working people, and so another ghost of the shadow party is laid low. ' What a sacrilege ! Over 14 millions of gold sent out of the country, and protection there high and stron«. Why didn't the Victorians keep the money in the country, and then they - would have had the money and the goods, too.- \- Evening News. a Mr. Crick at Newbridge.— Mr. Crick addressed a meeting of electors ' of West Macquarie on Thursday night at Newbridge. Speaking of the scene in Parliament and in explanation of his conduct, he said the freetrade press were trying to hound him 'out of Parliament. They had a " down " on him, and when he talked of resigning The Daily Telcyraph and other news papers went into ecatacies at the pro spect. Whether he remained as their representative for a long, or a short time he was not going to alter one iota, except that he would try to keep his temper a little better." A vote of confidence was carried on the; motion of Mr. Glasheen, seconded by Mr. CuimmngSa 