CHAPTER IL :' ' [ontinued from last issue.] TEH', E world is beautiful, she said, musing ly, with the air of one who makes a discov ?.?ery, but scarcely can realise it. ' Here it seems wrong to have dreams-to look beyond the day.' ' You do, then, look beyond, Rosamond?' I asked, smitten somehow with pain, amore by her face than by her words. "If I did not, cousin,' I should die, she said, very quietly, without any change of tone, and letting her head fall back listless ly against the open doorway. She seemed to have forgotten my pres. enos; her dress slipped from her hands, and the apples we had gathered in the orchard rolled slowly down the steps one by one, and lay among the weeds and grass in the courtyard. Strange words ! A strange, strange girl, the cousin of mine with the exquisite face-this white face that had laid a careless hand upon my life, and kind led the gray ashes of myfyouth with; new naud fervid fire. S 'Ah, my dear cousin,' I said, when I picked up the apples-she blushed when she saw what I was doing-' How can we ever hope to make you happy here ? Our days are so dull, so grimn, so colourless-what can we do to bring contentment to you ?' 'Let me talk with you always as I have talked to-day, Maurice,' Rosamonid said, with ;a charming, sorrowful smile. ' And please don't think me ungrateful or cold, because-I was not born to be happy, cousin, I think.' ' Heaven forbid, child,' I said, blunder ingly. ' For what else? For happiness to be sure-fo.e some one else's happiness, Rosamoud, if not for your own merely. ..How carne such morbid fancies to mate with your nineteen years ?' Rosamond shook her head, and gathering up the apples in her dress, went into the hall without answering. I followed her gait, her graceful, erect carriage. Not of us,:surely, though our blood ran in her veins, was this slender, stately girl-this ex otic that had sprung up and raised its brilliant tints to the iight in the sordid, shabby atmosphere of a dingy country town. Not, not of us. I felt a foolish pang of shame-ouf I know not what absurd morti fication-when I reflected that before long ].osamond must know that I, her cousin, sold I oks and pens behind a counter. I did not remember how hard and bare her own life moust have been, poor child.; I only shrank from looking in her grrve, lovely face, that hid behind its clear out lines some bewildering fire, some boundless possibility of passion, any confessing to my commonplace occupation. I thought thus for a moment or so, anod then I felt inclined somehow to kick myself, and I put the contemptible weakness--unworthy of her and myself-away. At breakfast., Rosamond repeated to my father the wish she had already expressed in her letter, of getting some work to do. The old man leoked up from his newspaper at the girl's slender figure and fair little .hands, and he shook his head gently. ' You must find your work at home, child,' he said, kindly; ' Maurice and I will "never let you go while you are contented tos'tay. This boy of mine,' he smiled-up at me, 'will work for us both.' I noeded. Ilosamund's fingers were ner vously twisting about her lap. ' ldid not meau hard work, uncle,' she said, with smothered eagerness. ' I could teach-m5 mother educated me as well as she was able ; I have learned what most girls learn.' ' Then Maurice shall bring you books to. read, and you shall have charge of the house and make us two quite men merry-won't" ,you, my daughter ?' Rosamond smiled faintly. S'And no more talk of work, child-there "is no need for it.' 'No, sir, my cousin answered,; and the -faint smile died away. Well, Rosamond did find he.r work at home, the girl was never idle, old faith was loud in her praises of her young mis tress's diligence and patient, quiet ways about the house. As fo' me, I wondered where tihe mending and darning came from ,that she got through every day. I used to find her sitting over it, pale and grave, ii her black dress, when I came home of an evening; and I would make her put ou her •bonnet and walk with me in the clear autumnal dusk through the lovely fields, or 'along the village road. Somehow we always found ourselves pas. sing by the long palings and plantations of a favourite walk of mirne when alone. But Rosamond said the road was b':eltered, and .. she liked it better than the gray, wide mon.. tonous fields and meadows. ; How happy the people must be who 'live in that beautiful old place I' I remem .ber her saying one evening, when she -.stopped (as she often did) to look through . the rails of the high lodge gates at the well '-kept walks and trim shrubberies, which were all that could be seen of the domain 'I wonder how it feels. Maurice, to be rich, and have everything one wants.' R Rich people d.n't" have always ever, thing they want, cousin.' I answered soberly. . Everything that money cani buy.' ' But tthose. are sometimes !the least. S'valuable thingl in: the 'world, Rosamond. SI do not think so. It. is the fashion to \- say.so ; but I am sure that if moriey'does s'iobt'imake happiness, at least the want of it makes unhappiness.' S'Only till we have learned not to wish for it,' I answered sadly, watching the wonderful wistful beaut yof her face; 'cousin 'you can't buy a mind at rest, fith,iAffection with all the money in the ?atld. .They art~ ?:free gifts from above--as free to you.and to rue as to Sir Lichard Furnival, io his grand house yonder.' 'But isn't Sir Richard happy ?' I £ Who knows? I should say not. Hi fine house is haunted.' Haunted'? Cousin, yon are laughing at me. There are no such things as ghosts.' ' Ah, yes there are-I am afraid there are. The ghost of a kind and lovely lady, whose beauty and worth could keep her husband true to her, must often haunt Sir Richard's lonely hours, though I dare say she does not come all in white at twelve o'clock and vanish with the dawn. 'You mean Lady Furnival, Maurice?' 'Yes.' ' Did she die young, cousin?' 'Very young. Her son Mr. Dick and and I were both lads at the time. She was not a happy woman, Rosamond, though in my childish days she seemed to me to smile and sparkle with grandeur. I used to see her dressed for balls sometimes, when Mr. Dick would have me to play with him up at the house. And she always had a gracious word and a pat of her white hand for me as well as for the young heir.' ' Mr. Furnival is the heir ?' ' Yes. lie is an only child, and has been spoiled, I am afraid, though he is very generous and good natured.' ' Maurice- how is it that we-that you never see Mr. Furniva' ?' He is away from home; he is scarcely ever at home-spends most of his time in London. Some day, I supposehe will make a great match, and then we shall have fine doings when he brings home his bride. But 1 am tiring you with all this talk about people whom you don't care about. Look at the deer over there in the park ? Did you ever see any deer before ?' ' No, cousin. Is Mr. Furnival in love then ?' ' Why, Rosamond,' 1 said laughing, 'what put such a thought into your head ?' 'Nothing cousin'- she coloured up brightly-'only you said he was going to be married.' ' Oh, so he will some clay, of course, but there is no lady in Grayminster whose family is high enough. The;e was some talk of his cousin Miss Braymeuf, of Raven dale, last year, but is came to nothing.' Rosamond turned away from the gates. 'See how dark it is growing,' she said wearily, ' I am tired, ManrLee.' ' We will go home, then-come.' I lifted her listless hand to n,y arm, and ie weit on our way down the village road, under the early stars. 