ACADEMY OF MUSIC. A fitting tribute to the genius of a genuine actor was paid to Mr Geo, C. Miln last night, when the Adademy of Music was packed tn overflowing to witness has first appearance in B ill*rut. Hundreds weie aim turned away from the doors. “ Richard III." was the piece selected by Mr Mdn for miking his b»iv to a Billirat audience, and the play was well chosen, as it is evi dently one of the actor’s strong parts Mi Miln is blessed with an excellent stage pre seuce, and h is also a full resonant i oicc, which he knows well how to use to the best advantage. When to this is added the pos session of mobile features, a sound judgment, a thoiough knowledge of stage requirements and nu evident lore for his art, it will be seen that he has all the nqmsites for a suc cessful actor But Mr Miln lias more, he has the genuine Instiiouic genius, without which no man can ever hope to achiei e greatness as an actor Mr Milus first appearance fairly took the audience by storm. His complete mastery of the orotund was at once apparent, as well ns Ins eminent skill as an actor. It is difficult to decide whether he succeeds bestiu the quieter or in the deol imatory pas sages. Throughout, however, he was the scheming, plausible scoundrel, the blood thirsty rulb in, or the fearless wainor, as occasion required. His wooing and winning of Lidy Anne was a master piece of plausibility, and his chinge to the satin nine and blood stained cynic was to the full as able In the tent scene, where the ghosts of Ins victims rise to lepronch him; in the scene where he simulates a de sire to refuse the orowu proffered by the mayor and citizens of London, and only shows Ins exultation at the success of ins scheme to Buckingham andCitesby; in his conieisation with Ins mother and the widow of Edward IV.; and wheiever a call was made upon Ins powers, they were never found wanting A fitting climax to a continuation of exhibitions of powerful acting was bis deith scene His reading of the char icter is scholarly ind re fined, and Ins ictmg is in keeping with his conception of the pirt. Miss Louise Joidan filled the role of Lady Anne, and it will be pleasant news to theitie goeisthat this is re girded as one of Miss Jordan’s weakest chuacters. Petite in figure, beautiful in features, graciful and refined in her bearing, Mi-s Jordancouldscarcely fail to please in any suitable pai t she ess iy ed Herenuunonitiou is most distinct, and her acting sympathetic and ladylike In the scene where Glou»ter wooes her when following the corpse of her husband’s fither, Miss Jordan give full pi ly to hei powers of sympathy, and ibiy depicted the somewhat we>k ch iractei of Lidy Anne, and hei susceptibility to flattery Miss Jordan will, before she leives, we fetl sup-e, give proof of even greater powers thau she showed last night, lo Mr G R lie laud was entrusted the part of Henry VI , and the two nnpoitant speecues set down for that unhappy monarch were delivered with telling elocutionary effect Ml Green iw ay has improved since his la«t appearance in Bdlarat, and achieved success in the part of Buckingham Ihe young princes were repieseuted by the Misses Belle and Mabel Russell Both are to be complimented upon their performances, the Utter paiticularly so Mr II N Douglas fulfilled the require merits of the pirt of Richmond, and the broadswoid combat with Gloustei proved the abil'ty of both as fencers Miss Kate Douglas and Miss Maynard, as Queen Ehzibeth and the Duchess of York respectively, gave creditable lepresentations of the parts, and the minor characters were well placed. The scenery and appointments were correct in all particulars, some of the sceneiy being particularly mentoiious To night “Julius Caesar” will be performed, when Mr Miln will appear as Marc Antony. This is said to be his most powerful repre sentation, so that a great treat may be an ticipivted. The curtain will be rung up at 25 minutes to 8 o’clock, and the performance will close at 10 30, to enable country visitors to return by the late trains. 