PEOPLE WE KNOW. ??? PIGGOT was "behind" the Times." MR and Mrs W. J. Holloway will return to Melbourne in the ??? SIR GEORGE VERDON has returned to Melbourne from his visit to Brisbane. ??? JAY GOULD says he favours peace on earth. That's all right, but he seems to want the entire piece. DR. REDWOOD, B. C. Archbishop of Wellington, N. Z., has arrived in Melbourne from Rome, where he has had an audience with the Pope. VICTORIA all over. At the swearing in of the Acting Governor, Sir William Robinson, when it came to firing salutes, we ran short of powder. THEY have now a real live baronet in Queenslanmd ??? the person of Sir Charles Nicholson, who formerly practiced medicine at Rockhampton as Dr. Nichol- ??? IT is rumoured that Clement Wragge (Wet Wragg the Queensland Government astomner, will publish an almac under his own name next year. SIR JOHN HALL, one of New Zealand's ex- premiers, is advocating a policy of Protection for Great Britain. The old story of teaching your grandmother to suck eggs. THE Hon. W Pattison, a member of the More- land Ministry (Queensland), but better known to some as one of the largest shareholders in Mount Mogan, is in Melbourne on a visit. KATE DE LAWARIE, the baby-slayer, wrote to the Press vehemently protesting against the execution of the triple murderess, Louisa Collins. ??? fellow feeling made her a wondrous kind. THAT unappreciated exquisite, Baden-Powell, ??? not to leave Queensland after all. Sir Henry ?orman will retain him as aide-de-camp. That is a sad blow to many slim dudes. Some of them ??? saying, "Why did he not die with Musgrave?" SIR GEORGE BOWEN'S autobiography would be ??? interesting at the present juncture, especi- cially if he publishes the secret despatches anent which Chief Justice Higginbotham got his back up high. MR. DONALD WALLACE, the well-known racing man, was formerly a member of the Queensland Parliament for Clermont and in his younger days was first-class cricketer and a remarkably fast bowler. MR. TOM CARTER, the editor of the Charters Towers Herald, is the latest butt for a libel action. ??? him rejoice; an Australian newspaper that has not t been such a target is a curiosity with nothing lse to recommend it. MR. RUDOLPH HOLTE, the son and heir of the wealthy fashionable tailor of George-street, Sydney, committed suicide last week by taking " Rough on Rats.'' Be was only 26, but managed a few years back to contract an unhappy marriage. FROM a contemporary : — "A selector named ?ollick of Jeetho, near Drouin, was killed by a log rolling on him. Mr. Pollock was evidently a man who over-estimated his abilities. Only members of Parliament can go in for log-rolling with safety. MR. R. RICHARDS, of Toora, Gippsland, is going to ??? a pork-sausage factory. The Toora corres- pondent of the Weekly Times says he "hopes the sausages of Toora will become as famous as those of Frankfort." We hope, for the sake of the writer, that they will. So Mr. James Moloney is going to beard the lion ??? his — or somebody else's — den. Well, Mr. Molony is able, popular, and a rattling good speaker, and if we must give up Dunan, we don't know but that we could worry along as contentedly with Mr. Moloney as with anybody. The house MR. MURPHY, M. L. A., Queensland, but origi- nally a Victorian, proposes to take the Carriers' union by the ear. He has a couple of stations way off on the undulating Barcoo, and as the union will not carry his wool to the railway at that he calls reasonable prices, he is purchasing drays and bullocks and hiring teamsters to carry that he calls reasonable prices, he is purchasing ??? a union of his own. Mr. Murphy may win, but West Queensland is not a place where, until this present day, one man has licked a lot. QUEEN VICTORIA has begun to show a most uncomfortable mode of displaying her affection for her favourites. Instead of presenting her friends with Indian cashmere shawls, she now gives them handsomely bound copies of her book of travels. The shawls are preferable. DETECTIVE D. O'DONNELL, who has, up to the time of our going to press, been busily engaged in " making arrests," is now about to vary the mono- tony of things by " taking a rest." In other words, the well-known thief-taker is about to blossom into a full-fledged metropolitan publican. SIR CHARLES LILLEY, Chief Justice of Queens- land, once enlisted as a private soldier in England. Mürger well says in one of his sketches, " When I was young I had good teeth, and nothing to use them upon. Now I have plenty to eat, but no teeth to eat with." IT is said that when Essie Jenyns became engaged to Mr. Wood, of Newcastle, she was under a stricter engagement to Mr. W. J. Holloway, which had yet five years to run, so that eventually her husband had to plank down £4000 before the lovely Essie could be released from her bond. SIR ARTHUR PALMER, President of the Queens- land Legislative Council, and now Acting-Governor of that colony, has been knocking the paint off the Imperialistic figurehead. When leaving Bundaberg for Gin Gin the other day he declined the usual police escort with characteristic scorn. SIR WILLIAM MACGREGOR, the Governor of Papua, has an expeditious way of dealing out justice. As the potentate of the Middle Ages had his headsman in his train so this Governor carries his hangman around with him, and Sir William doesn't care who or what he is, so he is quick at tying a running knot. The individual who personated " Lady Godiva " at the Queen's Jubilee at Coventry has just been " jugged " for fourteen days for throwing a brick at a neighbour. There is usually something dicky about those bare-backed circus riders; and this " lady " had more than ordinary front. GEORGE THOMAS SULLIVAN, John L.'s brother, and who was himself a professional boxer in his unregenerate days, has turned Primitive Methodist parson in Auckland (N.Z.). It is to be assumed that he belongs to the church militant, and we can be quite sure that there is order in his church. THE Rev. G. D. Buchanan says that the ghosts of hundreds of ruined squatters are to-day pursuing the man who introduced the rabbit into Australia. It's a coursing match, of course, enlivened by coarse language, as we have no cause to doubt, knowing the squatters of old. What a high old time they must be having—somewhere ! ANOTHER instance of the spread of civilisation. Martin Sin Won, hailing from the Celestial land, adverti es (sic)in a Goondiwindi (Queensland) paper that he will no longer be responsible for any debts contracted by his wife, Ellen Sin Won. "Love among the roses" has proved evanescent as between the Irish lady and her Mongolian man. BISHOP BARRY said the other day that the Aus- tralian blacks require for their preservation to be protected against the weaknesses of their own character, and that unless they are so protected they must, even without regard to the presence of civilised races, dwindle away. The Bishop's remark was loudly applauded, but how, it may be asked, did the blacks get on a little over a hundred years ago ? Is there anything to show that they were dwindling away then ? Is there anything to show that they had not then the same natural racial weaknesses which they have now ? MR. SYDNEY GRUNDY, the author of the comedy now running at the Bijou, first attracted notice by writing a comedy called " A False Step," which was summarily objected to and interdicted by the Lord Chamberlain, as the censor of plays. Mr. Grundy took the usual revenge, and printed his play, which, of course, had a big advertisement, and sold well, but it was never played. THE Queensland Government, following the example of neighbours, are bringing from England a Chief Commissioner of Railways. Commissioner Curnow, who has been satisfactorily discharging the duties of this office for many years, is said to feel the slight even more keenly than Mr. Goodchap, of Sydney. Mr. Curnow has been taken unwell, and is travelling in pursuit of health. THERE is a man in Balmain (N.S.W.) called O'Pearson. He was fined lately for obstructing the public footpath. This is the first time we knew that Pearson was an Irish name. Yet the Professor has on several occasions given a clue to the fact, by lying down in the path of public progress and refusing to move till he was blasted out of the way. JUDGE DOWLING, of New South Wales, in taking leave of the bar last week, prior to his departure for Europe on a six months' holiday, said—" He was a police magistrate in 1851 and prosecutor all over the colony in 1857, when he could scarcely get a wink of sleep." What a lurid picture in one sentence this gives of the moral state of New South Wales in 1857 ! QUITE a grand person by the name of Atkinson is a candidate for the Hawthorn electorate. In an address he delivered at the Hawthorn Town Hall the other evening, he said he would like to see the colonies become a " grand united body," but would not have them separate from the "grand old mother country" and that local option was "a grand law." Also that he was " in favour of a man having one vote for his manhood and one for his property." We would suggest that a man should also have a vote for his umbrella, and if he happened to possess a jackass or a goat or a hen suffering from mental weakness they should have votes, too. No doubt if they had they would support Mr. Atkinson. MESSRS. MCKEAN and Gaunson think it desirable that police court depositions should be taken down in shorthand. This of course would effect a great saving of time. We wonder if it strikes the gentle- men named that, if their idea is followed out, the witnesses as a rule will then be compelled to attach their signature to a document they cannot even read, let alone understand. MR. H. A. BLAKE, a son of Sir Henry Blake, the rejected Governor of Queensland, is to succeed Mr. A. Pope as senior clerk in the Registrar of Patents Office, Brisbane. This is regarded as a generous act on the part of the Government and is intended to show that they had no personal animosity to his father. After all, that Sir Henry was his father was the young man's misfortune, not his fault. MR. ALEXANDER BOTHWICK, of South Melbourne, is the first candidate who has been told straight to his face at one of his own meetings, and by a crush- ing majority, that he is not a fit and proper person to represent the electorate he is contesting. A good many more, though, will be told that by and-bye, but in a less significant fashion, and after they have had a run for their money, or their money has run from them. MISS ALICE CORNWELL, prior to her departure for Adelaide by the s.s. Salazie, with the view of floating the Adelaide Outer Harbour scheme, which will, at the cost of some three millions sterling, convert Largs Bay into a commodious haven, was received, together with Mr. Rees, M.P., by His Excellency the Governor of South Australia at Government House. His Excellency displayed a strong interest in the project, and expressed his hopes that Miss Cornwell might speedily bring the venture to a successful issue, as it was of such importance to the colony. The syndicate, which is taking the matter to the London market, numbers several powerful Melbourne capitalists among its members. 