THE AUGUST REVIEWS. In the Nintken'Ji Otntury Mr. Frederic Harrison opens with ' A Breakfast Party In Paris,' at which a atout Repnbllcan, a Radical denntv. a vonna ionrnalUt. and a superior workman, a printer, discussed the outlook for France with the English guest Various were the opinions as to the Great Exhibition, one calling it a monstrous advertising medium, and another a triumphant proof that neither England nor Amwt«* are superior to France In the great steel industries and the engineering triumphs of modern mmflonfr^ The Republican host says even the great Eiffel Tower, built by brave men at the risk of their lives for 50 centimes, 5d. per hour, was a great haul for the contractors, and a great advertise ment for M. EiffeL Aa to fioulanger, his name was like a red rag to a ball. The confusion of opinion as to his mission and his prospects was dire, and the Issue was to the English listener absolutely un guessable. Mr. L. Atherley-Jones, M.P., treats of 'The New Liberalism,' which he says must primarily be social if it would attract the masses. Father Barry's 'Wanted a Gospel for the Century' is wonderfully - forcible, and, like- the political paper, it shows the trend of the age. 'It used to be said ' All roads lead to Rome.' It is rapidly becoming a fact that all problems, even those which might seem purely scientific, lead to Social- ism. . . . Christians were indulging in speculations that but remotely con- cerned their creed when science took its first adventurous flight, and Christianity had to disentangle itself from the ancien regime in one part of Europe, or was a corrupt and sleepy establishment in most others, when commerce and inventive in dustry were calling into existence the huge black cities and the millions of machine made proletariate, which give us the factors of this awful question. Those who feel that the Catholic creed Is the most precious inheritance of the past must deeply regret that fierce polemical dis putes have interrupted and discouraged the controversy of reconciliation. Goethe said truly that religion was founded on a threefold reverence— for things above, which is adoration; for things around, which is philosophy ; for things beneath us, which is the religion of sorrow, of re demption, of ChristianHy. The rich non producer represents, we may say, capi talism ; but is capitalism a thirteenth article of the creed ? His attitude to wards things above is agnosticism, towards things around is scepticism, towards things beneath is cynicism. Cynically he buys (with money not earned by him) the labour of the working man's son, the purity of the working man's daughter. 'Yes,' he may answer, ' it is a free bar gain ; both are willing to sell.' When he has wrought his will on them he flings the son to the workhouse, the daughter to the streets or the hospital. Let those Christians ponder these things. Is not the detachment of the individual from riches — the use of them for the com munity, for the brotherhood, simplicity of private life, and the enjoyment of the most beautiful things in common— the essence of Christianity. What right has a believer in Christ to live luxuriously while his brethren are starving on an un just wage 1' Dr. Burney- Teo writes of ' Change of Air,' both as to the autumn change which moat well- to-do English people take and the winter change which so many find it advisable to take In search of a milder climate, recommending the more equable air of insular retreats such as Madeira and the Canaries to the capri cious climate of the Mediterranean littoral, preferred because it is more accessible. Sir Joseph Fayrer writes on the 'Deadly Wild Beasts of India,' only Including those which destroy human life — the tiger, lion, leopard, hyena, bear, elephant, rhinoceros, and crocodile. A second article will deal with snakes. Lord Brabourne criticises Mr. Glad stone's 'Plain Speaking on the Irish Union,' which he believes was an honest attempt to unite the two countries by closer ties, and to make better the condi tion of the smaller and poorer one. In the case of Scotland the Union has proved a benefit In spite of many ques tionable methods employed to carry it out. Lord Ribblesdale contributes a slight satirical article on the ' Art of Conver sation,' which he finds Is in most oases plagiarism from things read and stored up by adepts, but unread or forgotten by those who listen to the brilliant talk. Mr. Gladstone takes as his classical subject 'The Phoenician Affinities of Ithaca,' as proved by the Odyssey in Race, Religion, and Dietary. Professor Geffcken writes on 'The French In Ge» many.' In no invidious spirit or retalia tion he tries to show what Germany has suffered from the French for 330 years, and that the losses and humiliations in flicted on France in 1814-15 and In 1870-71 were not the hundredth part of what the French have imposed on the German people. Germany now only wishes for peace and a good understanding with her western neighbour; nor do the French people at large desire war, but if they listen to noisy demagogues they may be led into a struggle by which they certainly would suffer most. Frederick Green wood's 'Wool Gatherings.' are readable and suggestive. The noticeable books taken up this month are Mr. John Flake's 'Critical Period of American History,' whioh he does not count as the time of the Revolu tionary war, but the five years following the peace of 1783, when the Constitution was settled on the lines which have endured till now; Lady Blennerhassett's ' Fran Von Steel'; ' Micah Clarke,' by Conan Doyle ; the scientific works of Sir William Siemen's; William Morris's 'House of the. Wolfings;' . Pro fessor Pierre Janets... .'Psychical Automatism,' and ' William - George Ward, and: the Oxford Movement,' all ably and sympathetically though briefly: treated. Tpo' movement agadnkt female suffrage -.gathera strength. ..Mrs. X«ulse Grelgbton jfribea a.rejolndervto!the three replies-, which the first protest called out, -and writes -it well,; and .the first instalment of signatures fills twenty-seven pages, double columns, of the Nineteenth Century — people certainly not so eminent as the signatories- of the petition for the suffrage. The ques tion bids fair to be thoroughly debated by representative women of all parties. Hendrik Ibsen k the fashion, and Walter Frewin Lord (the- husband, father, or brother of the Frances Lord, who translates the plays) goes over his whole works. Nora Is- a crusade for true marriage ; the: Wild Duck is the story of a man who tried to* make bis friend live, such a marriage. The Pillars of Society shows the unsound state of commercial, morality, and an Enemy of Society is the. man who seeks to remedy that condition. Ghosts and Romersholm are pervaded by horror and majestic gloom. The Lady of the Sea seems to be Ibsen's answer to the charge freely levelled at him oi Peaaunlsm. He says his word and strikes his blow for righteousness aa he concelvw It, and cares neither who hears nor who forbears, who is smitten nor who is spared. In the Cm\imporary the Rev. Philip Wicksteed makes a study of Ibsen's Peer or Peter Gynt, which may be called the Scandinavian Faust. Its subject matter may be called self-realization as dls tinenished from and opposed to Eelfaaaer tlon. Peer Gynt Is the incarnation or tae lgnohle, who has all sorts of supernatural adventure*, makes a larga fortune In trade in America, cnufly in bibles, rum, slaves, and gods. In middle iua he Is prosperous and thoroughly repulsive. HQ loses his first fortune, baa wonderful etywienoei In Africa, where fie Is hailed as s- prophet, - makes another fortune in California, loses it all in shipwreck, and lands in Norway, only to die In the arms of an old woman, who loved him when they were boy and girl, and has loved him faithfully to the end, and so his soul at last escapes being dissolved in the melting spoon oil the weird buttoamaker, who in this way makes fresh souls. So far as one can see in the analysis the old soul of Peer Gynt would not have been the material, or to speak accurately, the spirit, to make nobler souls of. An unsigned article Is called 'The Papacy : a Revelation and a Prophecy.' The centre, the capital, and the mother city of the new world which Catholicism must conquer or perish is not to be found on the banks of the Tiber but on the Thames. Nor Is It only on political, geo graphical, and ethnological grounds that the Papacy must be Occldentalized, Anglicized, or Americanized. The more the Pope endeavours to fulfil his high mission the more necessary it is that he should avail himself of the principles of common sense as applied to the art of Government which prevail in the English-speaking world. These principles are those of liberty and self-government. They will never get a chance. of being worked into the bones and marrow of the Catholic Church till we' have'a Pope* who thinls English. The Catholic Church Is now too - centralized and Italianized ?- Home Rule Is. the key to 4he solution of other problems than those oi the British Empire. Sir Morell Mackenzie takes Song as the second part of his essays on the human voice, and tries to explain what material chords thrill us with joy, sorrow or wonder. Mr. Frederic Harrison writes on the centenary of the Bastile. What strikes him in the tale of July 14 is not the anarchy, but the spontaneous instinct for organization displayed by the people, not the extent of the vengeance they wreaked, but the moderate amount of the bloodshed of the day. Let us look onward from revo lution and caps of liberty, pikes, and tri colours to the mottoes and emblems which surround us in this place — family, country, humanity, order, and progress —live openly— live for others. Sir W. W. Hunter writes on a 'Female medical profession for 'India.' Lady Dufierin'a meeting at the Mansion House last month disclosed that if medical aid is to be brought within reach of the women of India, it must be done by female practitioners, and that this will probably open up a new and important branch of the English medical profession. Highly akilled lady doctors will. in time be ob tained from among native women as well as thousands and tens of thousands of trained nurses competent to deal with maternity cases, but the first steps must be taken by qualified English, and probably also Atnni»?-»ftn women. Canon Oheyne writes an Interesting and verv liberal Daner advoaatirur 'Reform in the Teaching of the Old Testament.' Most books on the Old Testament are so very dull. Would any one guess either the poetic beauty or the religous originality of that wonderful collection of old records from most of the books written for students ?*Mr. Frederic Mackaress writes on 'South Africa under Irre sponsible Government,' specially noting that Sir Hercules Robinson, who for nearly nine years had been High Commissioner of South Africa and Governor of the Cape Colony, in his farewell speech, em* phadzed particularly two points. The first was the Impossibility of ruling South Africa successfully except through the co-operation and with the sympathy of the colonists. The second was that the chronlo Interference of Irre sponsible bodies, like the Aborigines' Protection Society and the South African Committee, waa at the bottom of all our difficulties at the Cape, and tended unmis takably to convert loyal British subjects into Republicans. Their views may be unpopular for the moment with certain politicians, but our writer thinks them sound and true, and certain to prevail. Mr. George J. Romanes reviews ' Wal lace on Darwinism.' Wallace traces all things to natural selection merely, while Darwin gave a great deal of weight to transmitted hereditary peculiarities and to sexual selection. Mr. Romanes holds with Darwin rather than with Wallace. My. M. H. Spielmann considers the proposed Royal Academy reforms and thinks there has been a long and a persistent cry and very little wool. The Reform Committee keeps up its antiquated rules on the off chance of finding a few painters who may haply send in eight good pictures a year, and wrongs and disaflecta the great body of British artists and wrongs itself. Nothing has been done to admit as artists the profes sors of watereolour painting and original etching and drawing in black and white nothing to lift the higher forms of decoration and ornamentation from the low level of trade . tttisanshlp. Mr. Henry Dunekley writes a temps rate but still weighty article on the Civil list. The action of the Govern* ment in pos.poning the committee till the last moment, when the angry voices of controversy clash in dissonance with the wedding bells, is a blunder whioh impugns their wisdom and does no credit to their loyalty. As the Princess Sophia of Gloucester remarked in her old age of the family squabbles of the past, 'The truth Is there were too many of us.' Though our Royal Family have kept clear of quarrels, the number of them make difficultly with regard to Parliamentary grants which ought to be provided against. The Queen is believed to h*ve saved money enough, but no one knows how much, and when she dies her will is not made public, that being one of the royal prerogatives. Anyhow, the marriage of a daughter of the house with a wealthy British peer instead of a poor German prince is matter for congratulation.,.. .. ... ? » In.the' FaririighUy Karl Blind tells as that to those abroad who Have made the . Irish* question -a study iot year* past it is a mystery how Mr. Gladstone can go on complacently, week after week* : re ' peating references to other coantries.the . erroneousness of which -has been de monstrated a thousand times. He quotes Sweden-Norway, Denmark-Iceland, Russia-Finland, Austria- Hungary, the Swiss Confederacy, the German Empire, and the United States as models of Home Rule institutions and prototypes for the correct relations between England and Ireland. But In the first five cases there were different languages, as well as races to be considered, and the German Empire has suffered so much from various conflicting autonomies that her safety has been found in closer union. The vast United States of America, form no parallel for England and Ireland. The true friends of England in the civi lized world will stand by the cause of her Legislative Union as the means of pre serving her strong and beneficent Parlia mentary power, of maintaining her post ition in the world,, and of ensuring the 'progress of intellectual culture. Mr. Joseph Thomson, In ' Downlng-street versus Chartered Companies in Africa,' asserts that, viewed from a political standpoint, Governmental policy has been blundering and mischievous from the Egyptian Soudan to the Cape. In West Africa it has been as bad from the com mercial standpoint. The Downing- street policy has done its best to stifle and ruin the trade there, for the re striction of our political influence to Mia mtaiiaafc ltvnlta rtAoaiMA *o*-vfcnA mi commerce, and our merchants continue to slew and die among the pestilential swamps of the seaboard, and it also prac tically encourages the formation of a cordon of petty native tribes around the European settlement through which all trade must filter. They havealso by this means reUrded the true develop ment of civilization among the natives of Africa. ' Apart from the brutalldng effect of the only trade which oar merchants have been able to carry on— gin and guns for palm oil and ivory— gin being the more profitable, the natives nave been governed on utterly unsuitable lines, and we have made the West Coast negro the most villainous, vicious, and despicable being in the whole ot Africa. In Char tered Companies alone is there hope for the development of British., influ ence, commerce, and civilization. The United African Company, now the Royal Niger Company, has done in less than twenty years more to opennp legitimate trade than has been done by Government in 200 years. The gin traffic has been taken in hand, absolu tely interdicted where at present it has no real hold, and burdened with enormous duties and every possible restriction where it has become established. The sale of guns and gunpowder has been entirely suppressed. Law and order have been established, the lands on either side of the Niger are being rapidly explored, and trading relations opened up with new tribes hitherto inaccessible. The mineral resources are enqrfred. Into, and. the vegetable wealth tested, so that many other valuable products are obtained for the -world's markets besides -palm oil, shea butter, and Ivory. With regard' to. the Imperial British East African Com pany-it is only five years- sface- Mr. Thomson explored for the first time 'the greater part of their territory, and.yet we' now Jiearof piers, roads, andtelegraphllnes, and of railway lines projected intotheheart of the country, on the faith of a purely prospective trade and profits. MdUe. de Sovet writes on ' Gounod's Views on Art and Artists,' for the composer of the opera of 'Faust' is a delightful man to convene with. He does not keep all his ideas for bis musical compositions, and all lovers of art will be Interested in these critical remarks on various subjects, taken down as he uttered them and faithfully transcribed by one of bis habitual companions. An unsigned article on the 'Fortress of Paris' appears with a map. In that terrible struggle, for which the French are preparing, the for tifications round Paris, enclosing as they do three entrenched camps, with vast stores of war material, will be a tremendous source of moral and material strength. The commanders of the field armies, on which, after all, the fate of the country will depend, cannot fail to feel stronger for offensive operations when they know that they leave behind them in their citadel capital an impregnable national stronghold for the safety of which they need nave no anxiety. Mr. J. D. Bourchler says that there is something peculiarly touching in the spectacle of a whole people celebrating, after a long lapse of centuries, the memory of a great national disaster. In the ' Great Servian Festival' of Jane 15 Sards, now free, looks back to the sunset of her greatness ana ner treeaom on the field of Kossovo in 1389. when the Servian Czar, together with the flower of her nobility and almost the whole of bis army perished, and the Turks assumed absolute power over the people. Mr. Walter Pater writes sympatheti cally on 'Giordano Bruno' and Mr. W. L. Courtney on 'Roger Bacon,' a forgotten son of Oxford, some of whose thoughts and sentences might have come from the bettor known Francis Bacon.. For example, ' I call experimental science that which neglects arguments, for the strongest arguments prove nothing so long as the conclusions are not verified by experience;' and 'experimental science is the queen of the sciences and the goal of all speculation.' Perhaps his chief title to fame Is the reform of the Calendar, which he proposed to Pope Clement IV., and which was never carried out till 1582 under Gregory XDX, 300 yean alter. Mr. W. D. Hogarth writes on the ' Present Discontents in Cyprus,' where the taxation is very heavy, and half of It goes to Turkey, and where the people have derived no benefit from British annexation. British capital and enterprise have not flowed thither. Mr. Oswald Crawfurd writes on 'Portu- guese Bnllfighting,' which he prefers to that of Spain, and 'A Former Resident In Russia' reviews Mr. W. T. Stead's 'Truth about Russia,' which he says is far too favourable. The keynote of Mr. Stead's reasoning on the question of the relations with Russia consists in the thesis that Russia Is ad invincible power, and most be conciliated because she cannot be stayed. This our writer denies, and feels that in spite of her vast bulk were is Internal weakness. If the autocraoy is to have any future In Russia, its permanence will depend on its enlist ing in its support the young and virile elements of the body politic, Liberal, sectarian, and otherwise, the saving salt of every State, which the Russian political system seems at present specially framed to exclude. - . ' ? 