A THREEFOLD CONCEPTION OF LIFE. [By Rev. R. W. Dale, D.D.j 'Tbe new man which after God hath been created in righteousness and holiness and truth.'— Epiiksians iv. 24. ;; ' The new man, which is being renewal nnto know ledge after the image of Him that cra»t«-l him.' — COLOSEIAKSill. 10. ? ? V ' Let us cleanse ourselves from all filthiness of tbe flesh and spirit1, perfecting holiness in tae fear oi Gcd.'— 2 COBIKliHASs vii. 1. I found these texts quoted together in the - well-known treatise on Christian Ktfaies, by Professor Herlitz. of Berlin. Thoir are ouoted by him in bob a other paseages in illustration of three different conceptions of tha Christian life which appear in the New Testament. I have taken these three because they all occur in the writings of the Apostle Paul. They are, therefore, different conceptions of iheCaristiaa life held by the same man ; and they do not re present three different types of life aad thoaght which carsnot exist together. Let us took at them one by one, and try and lay & firm hold, of each before we pass on to the next. ? In Epheeians iv. 24, Paul speaks of the 'sew man which after God hath been. created in rigbteoueness and holiness and tratfaV that is, in ideal perfect holineiss. It 'hath been created.3' It looks as if jthe Divine work was done once for all, and it remains. So in. another passage, written many years before, Paul say?, ' If auy man is in Christ he is a new creature,' or like a new creation, ' the old thi»S« ara passed away ; behold they are beooiee' new.' That is a complete, decisive, and, as I m»y say, a final change. What remains to' be done? AU things have become new and Cad effected it. And earlier in this passage to the Ephesians Paul sa?e — 'For we are His workmanship, created for ChriBt Jesus for gooi . works, ?sBich God afore prepared that we should walk in them.' Created in Christ: Jesus ; God's workmanship; His power, iHSs . good ness effected everything, effected it j at the moirent, whether we were conscioua of it or net ; at the moment when we came- tb be in Christ by our own consent, by faith in Him as Lord and Saviour of mankind. It would be easy to quote a much larger number oi passages. to show how immense a change passes upon men when (to nee the Kew Testament phrase) they believe in Christ, or ate born again. Such men are described M dead to tin; they have risen from the dead; they . ate alive to God ; they live in the Spirit the Spirit dweil3accl f.irea in them; tfeef *r9 sanctified in Christ Jesua ; they srs saints by tbe Divine call ; they have not only received remmigBton of ein3, they ate members of the body of Christ, eq that the love of Christ is tbtira, aad they ar9 tha organ of His thought and of His will. Tha Apostle Joha, as you reaercber, puts the ca3e with etill greater ftrengtb, 'He that is the begotten of God doeth do ein. ' He caenct ain because he ia begotten of God; But the main point on t?hich I want to insist thia morning is that according to this conception of the Divine life in man it is the rc-sult of one great and decisive Divine act. Christian men are born of God ; tbsy Lave risen from the dead by the power cf God ; they are a ce» creation, and hava been 'created in rishteoubness and trua holiness,' It was thia profound concep tion which governed tbe great eyangelisiatic revival of tha l»afc cectury, which inspired it with pastsici), which gave it intensity jicd awfai earneatueES to convert men to pre vail on them to repent ; '..hat ia,. to make a chasge in the great eeds of Iife; to prevail on thtis to trnst ia Cbri%t. This aseiued to tha leaders of tbe revival to be the euprsma work cf the thurch ; for thB difference between a E:aa v?bo does not trust ia Chris!: acd the man who does is bo iEMnenge tbat it cannot be exaggerated ; it is icSaite ; the &ins; of the one are not fore iwn ; thn other caa eay, 'A3 far ae the east ia from tha weefc bo far bast Thou removed our tr&nepTMsioug; frocau3.' The one man is-3;B-i \,to aea Paul's wotd) ; the other ia not CL'iy aliva but lives in tha power of the life of God. One U out of Christ, the other is in Ciijiit; tbe one is flesh, the other spirit; the fceie under tbe power of sin, the other is God's ?workmanship, created in Jesus for good worts ; the one has a nature with the eeeda of correction in it, the othsr ''after God has been cif-ftted in rphteouaaees and holiness acd truth.' The difference, I eay, ia immense act! infinite. T&e; traneition from one condition to tha othfr ia the great crisis in * man's fcktoiy ; it ia the beginning of eternal biesaed nees and glory ; and the transition is attributed wholiy to Grod. It is a being born of God ; it ie a resurrection accomplished by the po-rec of Gcd ; it is a new creation aa truly Divine in the force which accomplishes it as the creation of ike heavens And of -the earth. Therefore, it is in no sepse cur work. We must; trust God fcr it. Abd, further, when a man believed, he was told, aod told rightly, th&t; he waa siv«d both from Bin and from eternal death. Ye3 ; tbat is one great truth, but it ia not the whole of it, We pass on to the second text, Colossians iii. 9, *' Ye have put off the old man with hia doictrs, and h&th; put en the new maa, which is beicg renewed unto knowledge after the image of Him that created him.' *' Being renewed ' that gives ns quite another conception of the Divine life that is in us, The ideal man that waB created in Christ Jesus, 'created in righteon£ti£6Sj and holiness-, and truth.' Tbe ideal man was born of God ; the ideal man that roes from the dead to live unto God is being renewed ; the creation of that ideal man, then, was not God's final word. When that ideal man was born again the Divine force did not cease to act; he did not become independent of hi? Divice origin. When that ideal mas rose frcm tbe dead the risen life was not conEumiE&ted; in its perfection and power, The new man, observe, is 'being renewed unto knowledge,' that kind of knowledge for which the Divine life is necessary ; a know ledge which has a moral and spiritual character, ana is not merely intellectual; a knowledge which, in thorfc, is part of our spiritual perfec tier, and is necessary to the puiity, to the energy, tbe fire and joy of the spiritual life of m&n.; You have, in fact, in thia second passage tbe great truth of which I have already spoken, and a second truth of equal importance. Tae new man was created by God— yes, and is now being renewed by God. For ifiue creation ia net a meie mechanical work. It is wholly different fromall work of ours. The builder buildB a house, and when it is built he has done - with it ; he leaves it ; hemay never put his hacd to it again, may never see it again ; he may go twelve thousand milea away, stiil tbe house stands. An artist paints bis picture; it paesea from the easel, it is hiing on tbe walls of the gallery ; he has done with it ; he does not stand there day by day, with brush and pallet, keeping tae yellows brilliant, acd tbe purpleB rich, and the bro?ni3 mellow. When he has painted his picture and framed it and varnished it bis work is finished ; it remains the delight and admiration of men for many generations after the artist is dead. A poet writes his verses, prints them, and he has done with them. The pathos, the beauty, tbe music of them remain ; they touch the hearts, they charm the ears, they kindle the the imagination of millions ia many ages and macy lacdf , long after his own heart has ceased to throb and the fire of his own genius is quenched. He himself nciay outlive the power to find joy in hia own creation ; others may be touched by veistB of bis which touch his own emotion no lenger. Thia is not the kind of re lation between God and His creations. He transcends the universe, but He is immanent in it ; it exists only &e; long as He sus tains it. If He were to let it go it would pass into chaos— into nothing. Its en during forces are the witnesses to His eternal power. Its order is the revelation of Hia supreme sovereignty. One of the ultimate, perhaps, unsellable problems of the higher philosophy is to determine how. while assuring the Divine immanence, we can find place for the freedom of evil forces which mar tbe cam plets fulfilment, in fact, of tbe Divine idea and purpose. Bat, however, difficult that problem may be, it remains 'true that for us Christian thmkerB the universe ha3 it being in Sod. ' Through Chris t,' as Paul says, 'all things were created, in Christ all things consist,-' or hold together. The universe, this vast temple which God has built for Himself and us, would not stand if the Builder were to leave it : its foundations would shake, its walls would be rent, it wcnld sink into rains. The glory of mountain, lake, and river would not re main like the artist's picture if the Divine artist were to leave it; every outline would lose its firmness and grace, every color its soft ness or its strength, and the canvas would for* get the beauty which had covered it. The re velation of thought which God has given in all created things would not remain if He, the Teacher and Poet, ceased to live or ceased to speak. The voices would be dumb, the symbols would lorn their meaning, the geeat poem would perish ; it remains only as long as living inspiration is in it. God creates, and, as we are accnatomed to say, He sustains what He has created. The word is inadequate; it sug gests a too mechanical and too external a rela tion between Ood and what He has made.. His action might almost be described as ^continuous creation, Bis* power is within every created thing, active,' persistent, or what He has created would cease to be. He thought it within every created thing, determining', maintaining, what philosophy calls its form, the characteristic mode of its existence. The sun irises --ver sea and land, and creates the day ; bat the sun renews the day from moment to moment, or the day would pass back into niffht. So, were it not for the great power of God, ever active, all thisgs would cease to be. He bears through millennium after milleniam the mighty burden of heaven and earth, unexhausted by its awful weight, undisturbed by its infinite com plexities— ' He faintetb. not, neither is He weary, and His strength is unspent.' The new man was created by Him in righteousness and ideal holiness; day by day the new man is kept new by the freBhand continuous activity of the same power that brought the newlif ein to being. Every moment in a trae sense we are born again, just as the stream has the continuous birth from the mountain, . and the light from the sun ; every moment we are arising anew from the dead, every moment there passes into us afresh the energy of the creative power; we art: being renewed into knowledge after the image of Him that created us. Atd therefore as we begin to live inansvar to our. faith so we continna to live in answer to cur faith. We never stand apart and alone. Yesterday's inspiration gives us no light to day ; the power of the Holy Ghost that was active in us yesterday is unavailing for to-day 'a righteousness. The new man requires new life, and requires it from God. And if the new life is withheld it will become what Paul calls the old man with its deceitful lusts. And this new life being a life of faith is also a life of continuous piayer. What is the real meaning of indisposition to prayer? It means that the spirit of independence is mastering us, and for ub independence means death. We are living only, as 'God lives in us; we are powerless apart from Him ; we are righteous in the strength of His righteousness ; we are branches, not roots, members that are dead if separated from the body. Ail that we seem to achieve is achieved by Him. He purifies us from sin, He is the giver cf holiness. Oar relation to God being cne of absolute dependence there must be continuous faith and continuous prayer. That is ttue. Ytt there is something else to be said. Go on to tbe third passage in the Second Epistle to the Corinthians, 7 — 1. ' Having therefore three premises, beloved, let us cleanse our selves from all defilement of flesh and spirit, perfecting holiness in the fear of God.' 'Cleanse ourselves.' It is our work then, not God's. How eharp a contrast there is between these words and those wbioh we have been already considering. ThecontraBtissosharptbat large numbers of Christian people have been quite unable to find room in their thought and ia their creed for both. There has been at some periods in the history of the Church an exaggeration of the first truth. We are living in the life of God, and that has led to quietism, and quietism is usually unfriendly to robust morality. It has led to antino miani&m;, and antittomianism frankly declares that for the Christian man the moral law bas do authority. It has led to fatalism, and to fatalism there iB neither sin nor righteousness, vice nor virtue in the universe. On the otbei band, the exaggeration of the Becond, '~we must cleanse ourselves,' has sometimes lei to a morality which has excluded religion alto gether. It has led sometimes to the ahe3rl*j» revetities cf a lifs of MWttcisrr.. It hia 1^1 to thB endeavor to achieva salvation by out o»a l^rsccal fo«3 aud ia o.jtas sort to m?rit it b? ? good wnrka Wa mast hold both. 3eo hoy eucgestivs the phrasing oE thia last test U. '?Having these promises, 1st us cleanse our selves.' Pa'! does not say, ' Haviog the3e laws, let us cleanbe ours6l»ss,' bat, 'Having these ijrtjrr.ises, let ua cleanse ourselves,' That ip, we begin with promisee, and we sra p^aaed on to precept ; we begin with the life oi Gid given us when we wsre created in Christ Jeaus {or good works and constantly renewed by the power of His grace, acd then we pass on to the exertion of the power that the life of God brings with it, For the life of God lives— it is an active force, it is not ths great final result of force, it is itaelf a force, and the force is onrs ; we dare cot suppress it. Bet if it does not pass into act it is suppressed ; and the act into which it; T»n-- ;= ;s oiirs, God gives us Hw own lite twit 3f-r.ew- 'Lit life day by day ; therefore ws bxva to iivo and translate tn-*t life into efiott and ccniiict and stlf diEcipliee, and all the exercises of a spiritual nature by which we ck-acse ourselves from all evil. Gud doss not give us righfeousoess apart from oar own action and effort. Hov^ could He ? It would cease to be righteousness. He gives the force which enables as to cleanse ourselves from all defilement of £esh acd spirit, and to perfect holiness in tbs tear oi God. That is the glory of the Eternal. It would be » vary gracious thing if a are*t artist were to give Be '.me of the creations of fcis hand ; how I shoatd value it ! Under grey and cloudy skit*, what delight 1 should tiad every dsy in the clsar blue heaven3 on tbe canv&e;, ic the golden c-ra, and in the grssn trees. But eupooss h6 c--r.ld give me the genius apd faculty which eD»bied~hiflQ to paict tae picture ; that would ba a greater thing. Yet I should never hare the picture unless I used the genius and the faculty. God gives us, not tbe picture, but ths power to paint it, and bavirjg received tha power we hare to paint. Or to chacge the illustration, it ia as if Handel gave us, net tbe_ score of the Messiah, but the power to write another Messiah. That would be an infiaitely greater gift Gcd ia righteous, and He . gives ua power after our measure to become righteou3 even as He is, So yon sea the two asp?ct3 of the tiuth hold togetaer ; do not. after all, con flict with each other. From God c^rces life — that is a Divine creation. By Gad life is tuBtained ; tbat ia a Divine act, a continuous Divine act. Then we have to live that life out, or e?ee all that God has done comss to nothing. God gives to th.e rose tree its life ; the gift is fbe Divine act Yes, but the rose 4ree has to do its best having received life in order to falfil the Divine thought that is given in the life, to maintain its atruegle with unkindly winds and with cheerless weather and with unfriendly soil ; it has to live itself out; or else the Divine idea is not accomplished. Acd bo, to bring these observations to a cloee, we have to 'cleanse ourselves from all defilement,' and cot trnst God to cleanse us, apart frcm our own personal effort and strife. Or, as I have said, we have to paint the picture, not trust God to paint it for us. We have to Vi-rite out afresh the score of that song of thanksgiving end of truat and fidelity to the Eternal that we were rendered capable of writing in life apd conduct. We maat not truet God to do it apart from our personal ffiort and endeavor. We have to watch against the approach of the powers of avil ; we bare to learn as time goes on, what are those conditions that are favorable to an ua faltering loyalty in God, and what ara those conditions which ara unfavorable to it, We bave to consider our environment as far as that fchviremrent is under our own control, and bave to as-k, not whether this habit aad thought, this state of circumstances and that may be helpful or irjutious toother people; we have to cleanee them first of all ; we have to cleasee ourselves from all defilement. It ia co avail to tell nie that other men have walked in such a path and taken no harm ; that is their concern. My brother, have yon taken harm in walking in that path ? Have you con sidered how tbe itfloencea that meet you there affect the clearness of your vision of the ideal righteousness, the keetness of your sensitiveness to tbioRs eternal and Divine ? ' Cleanse your telvea from all defilement, perfect in holiness, in the fear of God.' A deep reverential awe in tbe presence of the Eternal, a sense of the august majesty and righteousness of God, as veil as a glad remembrance of His infinite love, is necessary for a perfect life ; and where the fear of God has no place the can be no holicesa. 