THE PASQUIN' PAPERS. Iiv T'liuol'intastub SECtTNDUB. Eyo Nntiu-o'B wnlltn, shoot (oily no it (Hon/ "Andontoh tlio innnnoro llyliig no tlioy rlao."— 7'njw NO. XXV.— THE GLEN WOOD MYSTERY.; ' To this day it romtiins ii myftory l'n ltockliampton, and it will probably over remain so. Tlioro is no ;quostion of delusion ; no one could can dony it. -Tlio facts, are, facts, .plain and : unvar nished ; and as tlioy we're told to the writer by a frioiul — if ho word not ii rclativo of - tho ; parties— thoy shall bo ropoatcd. Thq houso, Wltiehjiatl boon a 8uqtter,s/'toW'n -'i!&iidoh;'ce, which wo : vi.sitbd Was. Ut ' that time apparently un- teuqnted,,; It ,was. cortainly ,in a bad stato.df l'epali', aud;as certainly not to bo -- lob. No tonant was desirous to . jnhftbit it ; for, tliougli ii caretaker and his/wifo lived in the back, thoy could ,upt enter tlio haunted room ; aiid tlio house had remained ompty and desolate. Tlieso wore tho' conditions when a family IVom M'olbourno arrived in Rockliamptqn;' and, (iospito tho extorior, iinnearaneo of fclio houso, wore _ cortainly. pleased with ils interior arrangomcnts. Tho house sjjited ill! piti'tics, and it. was painted and rejiqvatqd surticioritly to' satisfy tho toiiauts. . The tradespeople of the ORpi- tal of 'the- Central District were all oil the tiptoe of expectation, for 110 ono' had over lived in tlio houso for four con secutive woolcs.. Ro;it had been suiTon- dorod, and a hurried departure had again causod thoadvontof tho caretakers. "Ft was their doing," was tho whispored comment, " These pooplo say tlio house is haUntcd, and so tlioy liave house room.'' But tllcy novor ; dissuaded a tonaut, Many tonants camo and went ; squhds'wero heard, and soniotliiilg iiil- canhy /.wab in possession, for no ono remained. . ; The family who came into temporary possession of the house had no idea of its history. Thoy took possession, and were handed . ovor all tho keys. There woro occupants for all the bedrooms, and 0110 upper appartment was allotted to the governess. It was a nicely furnished room at the back of tlio houso; small, but exebpt for a peculiar ntmosphore, very comfortable. . " No ono hnd hither to slept in that room," they said, ; " and it was rather damp." However, it was well aired and the bod mado ready for its now occupant. Tlio young lady camo in iii good time, and Wont upstairs to bed. Everything was in rciulinoss for lier, and the mistress of tho houso, who had indicated the apartment, had loft lier. Ero sho had got into lied, a piorciug shriolc aroused the household; then a lioavy fall in tlio govorness' room caused them to hasten thither. "What /could bo tlio mattor ? Mistress and servants rushed tliero togotlicr; tlio mastor followed. The room was broken open, and a terriblo Bight mot tlio gazo of the intruders. The poor girl, partly dressed, was lying insensible on tlio floor in a dead faint'. Slio was laid on tlio bed, and roraedios woro applied as soon as possible. The convulsive movo- monts of lior limbs wore succeeded by violontravings, and itrcquired two men to bold lior, so terrible woro her struggles. Hor appearance was that of a maniac, and when, with the assistanco of a doctor,1 slio had been calmed, it was pqrcqivod, with unuttera-blo terror, that tlio poof girl was, " raving mad." Sho was quito exhausted for a while, but tlio paroxysms again began. Sho was re moved as soon as possible; and after a wliilo a lucid interval intervened. To questions addressed to hor, . she only replied, with terrified mien and liameloss horror in her face, " Yes I saw it ! I saw it !" and relapsed into imbecility. Now what sho lind seen was a mystery. Sho never gave any account of tlio horribly . strange sight that met hor gazo. Tho story got wings and was laughed at in Rockhampton andthrough- out'tho Central District ; was croditod wholly or partly according to tlio con stitutions of tlio hoard's. Tho tonants (vruiuuii i/iiu iuuni| H uibii u no lockod up, and no more was hoard of " tlio ghost ."-for a while. It happened one evening that, tho tenants gavo a party. There was a small daiieo, ; and amongst the guests woro somo English visitors. There was somo curiosity oxprossod us to the haunted room", andt many of tho guosts — particularly the " old . country " ones —laughed at the idea of any dangor or ghost. Finally thp subject absorbed general attention ; dancing was discarded fordiscussiou ; thoboliovers outuuuibored tlio sceptics. ' "I'll -bet you fivo pounds," said a young midsliipmau, who had como from Sydney on a visit, " that I will go and remain an hour iu tlio haunted room and come back unharmed." " Dono !" exclaimed bis. opponents. "Don't!" exclaimed tho more timorous of his friends. Tho lady of tho houso and lier husband both' endeavored to dissuade him. But lie was firm. Ho laughed ghosts to scorn, and jestingly biulo " farewell " to bis companions. IIo carried a candle, and as lie prepared to go to the room, which had beon lighted with gas, some nrosentiment seems to havo affected him, but ho iaugliod away all romoiistrauco. " You won't frighton 1110 with a rogiinont of ghosts," bo said. " But I'll secure my retreat. Remember, if I ring oneo, you will bo ready to como to mo, bocauso you will then understand that I have seen somothiug hnd may require assistance." Thoy promised, and ho continued, " But if I i-ing twice, you will at. onco know that I am iu peril, and tlion como as fast as over you can. I shall not ring without reason. Thoy wished tho young follow good luck, and standing in and near tlio drawing-room door watched him walk along tho hall. Ho laughed thorn a clioory " good-byo," ontorcd the room, which was fully lighted, and shut tho door loudly. Tlio noiso echoed through tlio houso, now silent, for ovoryono, oven tho servants, woro on tlio ijiii rive, and tho ringing of tho bell was anxiously oxpoclod. Tho moil stood oil tho land ing ; the ladies gonorally remained in tho rooms, conversing only in whispors, and feeling, as one expressed it, as if somothiug was going to happen. IIo had been gone lit'tcon minutes, and no sound had alarmod tho guostn. Bots bogan to bo tallied of and wagos tendered that ho would not ring, and tluit there was no " ghost " nor mystery at all. Sflddonly a faint " ting, ting " was beard. There was no mistako — ho had rung tho bell I On tho startling notico tho ladies ran edit; mid some of tho moil bogan to move along the ball. A few were for rushing in at onco, but tho courago of thoir friond and thoir agreement hold thom back ; still tlioy were ready for a dash up tho> flight" at tlio first tinglo of tho second boll. .Somo terrible minutes passed; tlio ticking of tlio clock was distinctly audiblo. Thon a loud, violent crash of tho bell; a sound of fearful significance to all who Beard it. Two seconds sufficed for tlio men to roach tlio, room and burst opon the door. This is what thoy saw — Tlio young midshipman strotchod iu his evening dress on tlio bed, ' rigid, dead... .Ilia jaw had dropped ; his oyes were staring opon vacantly in mortal terror ; a dumb, stony , foar and awful horror stamped on 'his foaturos ! His lort liana clutched the oeil rope winch had summoned up Iiis frionds. But no presence was visible. . No form appoarcd to alarm tlio others. There no lay, stark, staring mad iu death ! -What ho had scon— whether doinon or spirit — must for over remain a mystery ris groat as over puzzled man. IIo died, sacred to doath by tlio awful apparition which 'he Find -in somo mannor dofied or offended. 