The Ingoldsby Legends. BY THOMAS INGOLDSBY, ESQ. -0 THE BICOK HOUSQUETAIRE- continfeld. Who can fly from himself? Bitter cares when you feel 'em, Arc not cured by travel-as Horace isays, " Cdlunr Non animunst mutant qui ct'runot trass viar I" It's climate, not minl, that by roaming men vary Remorse for temptation to which you have yielded, is A shadow you can't sell as Preter Sehlemil did his; It haunts you for ever-in bed and at board Ay, e'eu in your dreams, And you can't find, it seems, Any proof that a guilty man ever yet snored l It is much if he slumbers at all, which but ferw- Francois Xavier A?uguste was an instance can do. Indeed, from the time He committed the crime Which cut off poor siater Therese in her pime, He was not the same man that he had been his plan Was quite changed-in wild freako he no more led the van; He'd scarce sleep a wink in A week; but sit thinking, From company shrinking- He quite gave uip drinking At the mess-table, too, where now seldom he came, Fish, fricassce, fricaudcai, polage, or game, Dildon It ie rfres, or Lturbot d la crst, No !-he still shook his head,-it was always the seme, Still he never complained that the cook was to blame ! '1'was his appetite fail'd him-no matter how rare And rCher'icshd the dish, how delicious the fare, What he used to like best he no longer could bear; But he'd sit there and stare With an air of despair; Took no care, but would wear Boots that wanted repair; Suchl as shit too ! you'd think ho'd no linen to spore. ' He omitted to shave; he neglected his hair, And look'dl more like a Guy than a gay Mous quetaire. One thing, above all, most excited remark; In the evening ihe seldom sat long after dark. Not that then, as of yore, he'd go out for " a lark" With his friends; but when they, After taking cofd, Would have broiled bones and kidneys brought in on a tray, -Which I own I consider a ,'ery good way, If a man's not dyspeptic, to wied up tlhe day-? ' No persuasion on earth could induce him to stay ; But he'd take up his candlestick, just nod his head, By way of" Good evening ! " and walk off to bhd. Yet eve.n when there he seemed no bctter off, For le'd wheeze, and he'd sneeze, and he'd hem ! ansd he'd cough. And they'd hear him all night, Sometimes sobbing outright, While his valet, who often endeavour'd to peep, Declared that "his master was never asleep ! fut would sigh, and would groan, slap his forehead, and weep; That about ten o'clock His door he would lock, And theo never would open it, let who would knockl - He had heard him," he said, "Sometimes jump out of bed, And talk as if speakinig to one who was dead ! He'di groan, and he'd moan, In so piceous a tone, Begging some one or other to let him alone, Th.t it really would soften the heart of a stone To hear him exclaim so and call upon Heaven, Then-the bother began alvays just at clere l " 5 ois Xavier Auguste, as n o uu C v, betore, I believe was a popular man in his coirps, Andl his comrades, not one Of whom knew of the Nun, Now began to consult what was best to be done. Count Corden Bleu And the Sieur de la ltouo Confeas'd they did not know at all what to do: But the Chevalier Hippolyto Hector Aclhille Alphouso Stanislaus Emile de Grandville Made a fervent appeal To the zeal they must feel For their friend, so distinguished an officer's weal. "The first thing," he said, " was to fiud out the matter That bored their poor friend so, and cauEsed all this clatter Mort de ira. vie! ". -Here hie took some rnppeo- . "DBe the cause what it may, he shall tell it to me! " He was right, sure enough-in a couple of days He worms out thie whole story of Sister STherese, Now entomb'd, poor dear soul I insome Dutch Piere la Chaise. -"But the worst thing of all," Frangois Xavier declares, "Io, whenever I've taken my candle uip stairs, TherTher' Therese sitting thereo-upon one of those chairs 1 Such a frown, too, she wears, and so fright' fully glares, That I'm really prevented from saying my pray'ro, While an odour, the very reveiose of per fume, More like rhubarb or sennn, pervades the whole room !" Hector Achille Stanislaus Emile, When he heard him talk so felt an odd sort of feel;: Not that hte cared for Ghosts-ihe was far too genteel; Still a queerish sensation came on when he saw Him, whom, for fun, They'd, by way of a pul On his person and principles nick-named Sans Po5, A man whom they had, you see, Mlark'd as a Saducee, In his horns, all at once, so completely to draw, And to talk of a Ghost with such manifest awe! It excited the Chevalier Grandeille's surprise; He shrugg'd up his shoulders, he turned up his eyes, And hie thought with himself that he could not do less Than lay the hslole matter before the whole mess. Repetition's detestable;-So as you're best able Paint to yourself the effect at the Meso-table How the bold Brigadiers Prick'd up their ears, And received the account, some with fears, some with sneers. How the Sieur de la Rouo Said to Count Cordon Bleu, ".lfufol-c-d s bieo drole--Bonseigueur, what say you ? " How Count Cordon Bleu Declared he "thought so too; "- How the Colonel allirm'd that "the case was quite new; " How the Captains and Majors Began to lay wagsra How far the Ghost part of the story was true;- Hows, at last, when asked "Whast was the best thing to do " Everybody was silent,-for nobody knew ! And how, in the end,. they said, "iNo one could deal With the matter so well, from his prudence and zeal, As the Gentleman who was the first to reveal This strange story-viz. Hippolyte Hector Achille Alphonse Stanislaus Emile de Grandville " I need scarcely relate The plans, little and great, Which came into the Chevalier Hiippolyte's pate To rescue his friend from his terrible foes, Those mischievous Imps, whom the world, I suppose From extravagant notions respecting their hue, Has strangely agreed to denomninate "Blue," Inasmuch as his schemes were of no more avail Than those he had, early in life, found to fail, When he strove to lay salt on some litt'le bird's tail. In vain did he try With strong waters to ply His friend, on the ground that he never could spy Such a thing as a Ghost, with a drop in his eye; St. Foix never would drink now unless he was dry; Besides, what.the vulgar call "sucking the monkey "' Has much lessIcefflot on a man when he's. '" funky: - In vain did he strive to detain him at table Till his "dark hour" was over--he never seas able, Save once, when at Mes, Withthat sc.rt of address, Which the British call "Humbug," and the Frenchmen " Finesse " (It's "Blraney:" in Irish-i don't know the Scotch,) He fell to admiring hise friend's Englise watch.* He examined the face. And the back of the case, And thel young Lady's portrait there, done on enamel, he "Saw by the likeness was one of the family ;" Cried "Supesbe l-Magiflique.!" (With his tongue in his cheelk) Then he opened the case, just to take a peep in it, and Seized the occasion to pop back the minute hand. With a demi-conge, and a shrug, and a grin, he Returns the bijou and--c'sct uine affaire fiic- "I've done hIim," thinks he, "uow 1'll wager a guinea!" It happen d that day They were all very gay, 'Twas the Gransd Mlonarquc' birthday-that is, 'twas St. Louis', Which in Catholic countries, of course, they would view as hIis So when HIippolyte saw Him about to withdravw, Hie cried, "Come-that won't do, my fine fellow, St. Foix, Give us five minutes longer, and drink Vice Ic Rol !" Frapgois Xavier Auguste, Without any mistrust, Of the trick that was play'd, drew his watch from his fob, Just glanced at the hour, then agreed to "hob nob," Fill'd a bumper, and rose, Withl "Messileurs, I propose-" He paused--his blanch'd lips fail'd to utter the toast. 'Twas cleres --he thought it half-past ten at most Ev'ry limb, nerve, and muscle grew stifflas a post, Bisjawdropp'd-his eyes Swell'd to twice Stheir own size- And he stood as a pointer would stand-at a Ghost! -Thean ahriek'd, as he fell on the floor like a stone, "Ah! Sister Thurese ! now--do 'let me alone !i" It's amazing by sheer persoverenco what men Sdo, A's water wears stene by the " Sqpe cadendeo," If they stick to Lord Somebody's motto, " Agendo !" Was it not Robert Bruce --I declare I've forgot, But I think it was Robert--you'll find it in Scott WVho, when cursing Dame Fortune, was taught by a Spider, "She's sure to come round, if you will but abide her." Then another great Rob, Called "White headed Bob," WVhom I once saw receive such a thump on the "nob" From a fist which might almost an elephant brain, That I really believed, at the first, he was sltin, For he lay like a log on his back on the plain, Till a gentleman p esent accustomed to train, Drew out a small lancet and opened a vein Just below his left eye, which relieving the pain, He stood up like a trump, with an air of dis. dani, 7Ihile his '" backer ".was r,-..w,, hel could nn{- rhfm..n (He was dress'd in pea-green, with a s;".a' gold chain, And I think I heard somebody call him "Squire Hayne,") To whisper tes words one should always retain, -L TAKE.A SUCK AT TIE LEMON ANDS AT HIH ! AGAIN ! ! !"I A hint ne'er surpass'd, though thus spoken at random, Since Teucer's apostrophe-Nil dcsperaudsns I Granville acted on it, and order'd his Tandem. He had heard St. Foix say, That no very great way From Namur was a snug little town called Grandpre, Near which, a few miles from the banks of the Maese, Dwelt a pretty twin-sister of poor DearTherese, Of the same age, of course, the same father, same mother, And as like to Therese as one pea to another ; She liv'd with her Mama, Having lost her Papa, Late of contraband sclhnajs an unlicensed distiller, And hier name was Des Moulins (in English Miss Miller). Now, though Hippolyte Hector Could hardly expect her To feel much regard forher sister 's "protector," When she'd seen him eo shamefully leave and neglect her; Still, he very wellknsw In this world there are few But are ready much Christian forgiveness to show, For other folk's wronge-if well paid so to do And he'd seen to what acts "les Aegstale " compel bcaux And bcles whose afalLirs haIve once got out at . elbows, With the magic effect of a handful of crowns Upon people whose pockets boast nothing but "browns :" A few furanca well applied He'd no doubt would decide Miss Agnes Des Houlina to jump up and ride As far as hIead-quarters, next day, by his side; For the distance was nothing, to speak by comparison, To the town where the Housquctaires now lay in garrison; Then he thought by the aid Of a veil, and gown muade Like those worn by the lady his friend had betray'd; They might dress up Miss Agues so like to the Shade Which he fancied he saw, of that poor injured maidl, Come each night, with her palo face, his guilt to spbraid; That if once i\troduced to his room, thus array'?l, And then uomnsk'd as soon as she'd long enough stRay'd, 'Twoult be no very difficult task to persuade Him the whole was a scurvy trick, cleverly play'd, Out of spite and revenge, by a mischievous jade ! With respect to the schomc--:hough I do not call that a gem Still lve known soldier's adopt a worse strata gem, And that, too, among the decided approvers Of General Sir David Dundas's "[anacuvres." There's a proverb, however, l've always thought clever, Which my Grandmother never was tired of repea;ting, "The proof of the pudding is found in the eating !" We shall see in the sequel, how Hector Achille Had mix'd up the suet and plums forsia meal. The night had set in;-'twas a dark and a gloomy one:- Off went St. Foix to hIis chamber; a roomy one, Five stories high, The first floor from the sky, And lsfty enough to afford great facility For playing a game, with the youthful nobility, Of "crackcorlp," a dealin Request, when they're feeling, In dull country quarters, ennui on them steal ig ; A wet wafer's applied To a sixpence's side, Then it's spun with the thumb up to stickon the ceiling; Intellectual amusement, which custom allows old troope,- I've seen it here practised at home by our Household troors. "Tompion's, I presume ? "--Fapqu?an, He'd a table, and bed, And three chairs; and all's said A bachelor's barrack, where'er you discern it, you're Sure not to findovorburthen'd with furniture. Frangois Xavier Auguste lock'd and bolted his door, - : With just the ase .caution nhe'i practised -before; ' Little he oanew That the Count Crdon Bleu, With Hector Achille, and the Sieur de li Houe, ' Had been up there before him, ahd drawn ev'ry acrew?! And now comes the moment-the watches and clocks All point to clcren--the bolts aud the locks Give way-and the party turn out their bag fox ! With step noiseless and light, Though half in a fright, A cup in her left hand, a draught in her right, In her robe long and black, and her veil long and white, Hoa'amsello Agnes des Moulins walks in as a Sprite! She approaches the bed WVith the came silent tread Just as though she had been at least half a year dead ! Then seating herself on the "rush-bottnm'd chair," Throws a cold stony glance at the Black Mousquelaire. If you're one of the "play-going public," kind reader, And not a Moravinn or rigid Seceder, Y'ou've seen Mr.lKean, I menuin that scene Of MIacheth,--by some thought the crack one of the piece, Which hals been so well painted by Ir. M'Clise, When he wants, after having stood up to say grace,* To sit down to his haggis, and can't find a place; You remember his stare At the high-back'd arm-chair, Where the Ghost sits that nobody else knows is there, And how, after saying "What man dares 1 dare!" l[e proceeds to declare He should not so much care If it came in the shape of a "tiger" or "hear" But he don't like it shelaking its long gory hair! While the obstinate Ghost, as determined to brave him, With a horrible grin, Sits, and cocks uphis chin, Just as though he was arking the tyrant to shave him. And Lennox and Rosse Seem quitoe at a loss If they ought to go on with their sheep's head and sauce ! Andl Lady ?aebeth looks uncommonly cross, And says in a huff It'sall"Prosper stuff!" All this you'll have seen, Reader, often enough; So perhaps 'twrill assist you in forming some * notion Of what must have been Franois Xavitr's emotion If you fancy what troubled Macbeth to be doubled, And, instead of one Banquo to stare in his face Without" speculation," suppose he'd a brace I I wish I'd poor Fuseli's pencil, who ne'er I bel ieve was exceeded in painting the terrible, Or that of Sir Joshua RIeynolds, who was so a.droit in depicting it-vide his piece Descriptive of Cardinal Beaufort's decease, Where that prelate is lying, Decidedly dying, With the King and his suite, Standing just at his feet, And his hands, as Dame Quickly says, fumb. ling the sheet; While, close at his ear, with the air of a scorner, " Busy, meddling," Old Nick's grinning up in the corner. But painting's an art I confess I.am raw in, The fisct is, I never took lessons in drvawing, Had I done so, instead Of the lines you have read, I'd have given you a skete? should have fill'd you with dread ! Frangois Xavier Augusote squatting up in his bed, His hands widely spread, His complexion like lead, Ev'ry hair that he has standing up on his .....d, rs" ues aoulins first catching his view, Now right, and now left, rapid glances he threw, Then shriek'd with a wild and unearthly hallloo, "Moon Dies ! v'la dulel Br THiI POPE TIIERIE ARE TWO ! ! - He fell back-one long aspiration he drew, In flew De la Ioue, And Count Cordon Bleu, . Pommade, Pomme-de-terre, aud the rest of their crew. He stirr'd not,-he spoke not,-he none of them knew ! And Achille cried "Odzooksl I I fear by his looks, Our friend, Frangois XSvier, has popp'd off the hooks !" 'Twas too true ! .lalsl'ieuxrel It as done!-he had ended his earthly career,- He had gone off at once with aflea in his ear; The Black Mousquetairn. was ns dead as Small-beer ! ! L'Eavoy." A moral more in point I scarce could hope Than this, from Mr. Alexander'Pope. If ever chance should bring some Cornet gay And pious Mlaid,-as, possibly, it may, From Knightsbridge Barracks, and the shades sereno Of Clapham Rise, as far as Kensal Green; O'er some pale marble when they join their heads To kiss the falling tears each other sheds; Oh ! may they pase !-and think, in silent awe, He, that lie reads the words, "Ci gi St. Poix !" She, that the tombstone which her eye surreys Bears this sad line, - "Iic jac c" Scr Thlerese I" Then shall they sigh, and weep, and mur* muring Esay, "0Oh ! may weo never play such tricks as they !" And if at such a time some Bardl there be, Some sober Bard, addicted much to tea And sentimental song-like Ingoldsby If such there be--who sings and sips so well, Let him this sad, this tender story tell ! Warn'd by the tale, the gentle pair shall boast, "I've 'scaped the Broken Heart ! "-' and I, the Ghost" ! ! ?ay good digcetion wait on apspetite, AIni ealtlh n betv .--lhcbsiI't/ 