The Ingoldsby Legends. T BY THOMAS INOOLDSBY, ESQ. O -o- A It has been already hinted that Mr. Peters had been a "traveller" in his day. r?e E only story which his lady would ever allow "her P." to finih--he begaq as many as 0 would furnish an additional Tdlume to the T "Thousand and One Nighte '"- the i 1st I shall offer. The subject, I fear me, is not over new, but will remind my friends ' Of something better they have seen before.:' IR. PETERS'S STORY. . T THEn Daaotse DOn. A Stant littora Puplpies !-o-o. IT was a litter, a litter of five, o Four are drown'd, and one left alive, He was thought worthy alone to survive; E And the Bagman resolved upon bringing him To eat of his bread and to drink of his cup, T He was such a dear little cock-tail'd pup l The Bagman taught him many a trick ; He would carry, and fetch, and run after a stick, Could well understand The word of corn. mend, And appear to doze With a crust on his. now Till the agman permissively waved his hand: Then to throw up and catehit eonever wold T fail, As he sat up on end, on his little cock-tail. Never was puppy so Mcn intruilt, Or poeses'd o such natural talent as he; And as he grew older. Every beholder A Agreed he grew handsomer, sleeker, and T bolder. Time, however his wheels we may clog, A Wends steadily still with onward jog, A And the coek-tail'd puppy's a eurly-tail'd dogl When, just at the time He was reaching his prime, And all thoughthe'd be turning out something It sublime, T One unlucky day, How, no one could my, Whether some soft liaison induced him to stray, Or some kidnapping vagabond coax'd him T away, He was lost to the view, Like the morning A dew; He had been, and was not-that's all that they knew. And the Bagman storm'd, and the Bagman swore F As never a Bagman had sworn before; But storming or swearing but little araila T To recover lost dogs with geat curly tail.- In a large paved court, close by Billiter A Square, L Stands a mansion, old, but in thorough repair L The only strange thing, from the general air Of its size and appearance, is how it got there; In front is a short semicircular stair Of atone steps,-some half score, Then you reach the ground floor, With a ahell-pattern'd architrave over the door. It is spaciou, and seems to be built on the plan Of a Gentleman's house in the reign of Queen Anne; Which is odd, for, although, As we very well know, Under Tudors and Stuarts the City could show Many Noblemen'a seats above Bridge and below, Yet that fashion soon after induced them to go From St. Michael Cornhill, and St. Mary-le Bow, To St. James, and St. George, and St. Anne in Soho. Be this as it may,-at the date I asign To my tale,-that's about Seventeen Sixty Nine, This mansion, now rather upon the decline, Had less dignified owners,-belonging, in fine, To Turner, Dry, Weipersyde, Itogers, and Pyne A respectable House in the Manchester line. There were a score Of gmen, and more, Who had travelld full oft for the firmbefore; But just at this period they wanted to send Some person on whom they could Safely depend- .... . A trustworthy body, half agent, half friend, On some mercantile matter as far as Ostend; And the person they pitch'd on was Anthony Blogg, A grave, steady man, not addicted to grog= The Bagman, in short, who had lost this great dog. The Sea ! the Sea ! the open Sea - That is the place where we all wish to be, Rolling about on it merrily ! " So eall sing and y By night and by day, In the toudoir, the street, at the concert and play, Ina sorta of oxeombical roundelay; You may roam through the City, transversely or straight. From Whitehaopel turnpike to Cumberland gate, And every young Lady who thrums a guitar, Ev'ry mustachio'd Shopman who smbkes a cigar, With affected devotion, Promulgates his notion, Of being a "Rover" and "child of the Ocean " Whate'er their age, sex, or condition may be, They nall of them long for the "Wide, tWide Sea!" But. however they dote, Only set them afloat In any craft bigger at all than a boat. Take them down to the Hore. And you'll see that, before The " Wessel" they "Woyage" in has half made her way Between Shell-Ness Point and the pier at Herne Bay, Let the wind meet the tide in the slightest degree, They'll be all of them heartily sick of "the Seal" I've stood in Margte, on a bridge of size Inferior far to that described by Byron, Where "palaces and pris'na on each band -That to's a stone one, this is made of iron And little donkey.boys your steps environ, Each proffering for your choice his tiny back, Vaunting its excellence; and, should you hire one, For aixpence, will he urge, with frequent thwack, The much-enduring beast to Buenos Ayree and back. And there, on many a raw and gusty day, I've stood, and turn'd my gaze upon the And seen the crmwn, that did embark no gay That selfsame morn. now disembark so Then myself ?re sigh'd and eaid, "Oh deel TWho would believe yon alckly-looking man's a London Jack Tar,-a Obheapside Buena. But hold, my MInse I-for this terrific stanza Is all too stifly grand for our Extmvanza. "0So now we'll go up, up, p, And now we'll go down, down, down, And now we'll go backewanrds and forwards. And now we'll go roun', rmun', romtn',.'- •-I hope you've suffiolent discernment to se, Gentle Reader, that here the discarding the i In a fault which you must nt attribute to ma, Thuas my Nurs eaut it off when, "with counterfeit glee." She aunag, as ahe danced me about on haer knee, In the year o our LorLrd eitghteen hundred and threao -. . AlI mean to say is, tht the Mue in now free From th. neloimpoaed trammels put on by ..:.bebeett, .:. .. And no longer like Fileh,mhit the felonnand AtlDrury Lane dances her horpipein fetters. -*tniming her track, . Atonemshegoesbhoe To oar hero, thpefagman.--latel andilsek I Poor AnthonyBlogg Isasaicknadog, Spite of anndy nawonted potations i grog, ith the sands alled the boodwins a ntgne Sonhealee." And now, my good ?iends,I' re a ne oppor' :tunity: To ob?fu?ceate youn all by sea terms with im punity, And talking of "'caulkoing," And 'quarter-. \- . deck walting." '"Foern and aft," And "abhaft"' "Hmokerae,' ?'b?keys," and cra.ft." (At which Kr. Pela has so wickedlylnaught,) O hbeonelm,.'ilboes,-the boom cali'd the spanker, The beat bower cable,-the jib ,- d sheet sachor; Oflo Iorda gunse,-snd of broadsides and Ti cheese, " n Of traneils and topeaila, and splii g ma s braces. • And "Shiver em t .merh ! and other odd phraoees ¬-t Employ'd by; piots with hard.featured Of the expleties see-faring Gentlemen se, ; The alluesenlstey aketu the eyes of their s erewe; -. How Sailors, too, swear, How- th cherish thehir - " hair : And what very long pigtails a great many But, Reader, I scorn it-the fact is, I fear, To be candid, I can't make these matters so dclear As blarryat,or Cooper, or Captsin Chamier, Or Sir E. Lytton Bulwer, who brought up A the rear Of the "Nautical," just at the end of last year, Eighteen thirty.nine--(how Time dies !-Oh, S dear I) With a well-written prelate, to make it appear That his play, the "Sea-Captain," 's by no A means small beer. There l- ' brough up the rear "--yo see there's a mistake Which not one oE the authors Iv. maentioned .S w ould make, I ought toave said, thant he "sl'd in their A wake."-- T So Ill merely observe, as the water grew rougher The more my poor hero continued to suffer, Till the Sailors themselves cried, in pity, "Poor Buffer !" F Still rougher it grew, And still harder it And the thrder kics'd up such a halliballoo, That even the Skipper began to look blue; While the crew, who were few, Look'd very queer, tooA And seem'd not to know what exactly to do, And they who'd the charge of them wrote int the logs, 'tWind N.E.-blows a hurricane-rains cats and dogs." In short, it soon grew to a tempest as rude as That Shahapeare describes near the "still vest Bermudas," When the winds, in their sport, Drove aside from its port The King's ship, with the whole Neapolitan Court, And swamp'd it to give Uthe King's Son, Ferdinand," a Soft moment or two with the Lady Miranda, While her Pa met the rest, and severely V reboked 'em For unhandeomely doing him out of his A Dukedom. You don't want me, however, to paint you a Storm, As so many have done, and in colours so Lord Byron, for instance, in manner facetious, Mr. Ainsworth more gravely,-see also Lucre tins, -A writer who gave me no trifling vexation WVhen a youngster at school on Dean Colet's fouadatian.- I Suffie it to ay That the whole of that day, And the next, and the next, they were seand ding away Quite out of their course, Propel'd bythe force Of those flatulent folks known in Classical stary as Aquil, Libs, Notas, Aeater, and Boreao, Driven quite at their mercy 'Twixt Ouern sey and Jersey Till at length they cames hbump on the rocks and the ehallows, In West longitude, One, fifty- seven, near St. B.loes w Thereyou will not be surprised That the vessel eapsized, Or that Blogg, who had made, from intestine commotions, His epeciical gravity less than the Ocean's, Should go floating away," lidst the surges and spray, Like a cork in a gutter, which, swoln by a showenor, Runs down Holborn-hill about nine knots an hour. You've seen, I've no doubt, at Bartholomew Fair, Gentle Reader,--thatis, if you've ever been there, With their hands tied behind them, some two -.._. or threespi?Ir Of boys round a bucket sete up on a chair, Skipping, and dipping Eyes, nose, thi, i and lip in, Their faces and hair with the water all dripping, In an anious attempt to catch hold of a pippin, That bobs up and down in the water when ever They touch it, as mocking the fruitless en deavour; Exactly as Poets say,-hqw, though, they Scan't tell up, Old hick's Nonpareils play at bob with poor Tantalus. \- -Stay !-T'm not clear, But T'm rather out here ; I 'Twas the water itself that alipp'd from him; Ifear; Faith,I can't recollect-and I haven't Leme priere. No matter,-poor Blogg went on ducking and e bobbing, Sneezing out the salt water, and gulping and asobbiog, Just as Clarence, in Shahkpeare, describes all the qualms he Experienced while dreaming they'd drowned him in Malmsey. 0 Lord," he thought, "what pain it was to drown I" And saw great fishes with great goggling eyes, G laring as he wes bobbing up and down, And loaking as they thought him quite a prize When, as he sank, and all was growing dark, A menethig aeized him with ita jwa sl-A Sharkv i No such thing, Reader:-most opportunely for Blogy, 'Two. a very large, web-footed, curly-tail'd Dog I I'm not much of a tray'ller, and really can't boast That 1 know a greatdeal of the Brittny coast, But l've oftean hedsadsy Thate'ento thla day,. The people of Oranville, St.Maloes,and there about u Are a class that Society doesn't much care t about; Men who gain their subaistence by contraband dealing, And a mode o nabstraction strict people call "stealing ;" Notwithstanding all which, they are civil of s speech, Above all to a Stranger who comes within reach - And they were so to Blogg When the eqrly-taild Dog h At rlat drgg'd him out, high and dry on the But we all have been told, By the proverb of old, Byno means to thilnk "all that glitters is gold;' And, in faot, some advance That most people in France Jotn the manners and air oEt a MP~aer de DoanCs, To the morales-(a Johnson of Ohesterfield said) Of an elderly Lady, in Babylo d red, Much addicted to flirting, and dressing iL e Bethi as it might, It embarra'd Bilogg ' quite I To find those about him so very polites A Aenspicious observer p?rheps might hvq SThe feisa e en, ten.der witls e?nah Siod Te the aigt of en old-lashioeead 1,ctht-b.la yI/sfst leatherrhalt weltcaredeaoed eid Su brhela no oe euld :bvq -ged: thje do were potets. . Yoa will woader. penhapslthaer were o't a But thefaot?i;s they've not,in that part of the What lhalthIs would term, a "too !jnsi popalatint,'" \- Indeed the sole sign there of man'o habitation Wa meerely retgle iedo hut in adinglp s- That led away inlend dhacn frmoe the eheagle, Its aides clothed with uno4eewods gloomey and Some two hundred yards aboshe igh-wetr mark; .. And thither the party, .~a?orde end i) hearly, . , ,a Vi.,noldsees, heis Wie, aend two esad . a start, he, The Bogman, proceeding, With equal good i breedi?r, To express, in indifferent French all be feels, T The great eurly-tail'd Dog keeping elose to his heels.- TI They soon reoceh'd the hut, which seem'd partly matr. n, Al t he a wing chattering, shrugging, - Gemici-g,and whatSulor calparlsy-s4. 4 Is it Paoior. Kithene, Reaider, exhorts , You, whenever yourd toych's at all o?t of TI sort ", To try, if you find richer viands won't satopin Ty it, A basin of good mutton broth with a chop in it? (Such n basin and chop as I once heard a Oc witty one T, Call, at the Garrick, a "c-d Committee one," A An expression, I own, I do not think a pretty one.) p However, it's clear That, with sound table beer, Such a mes as I salpeak of is very good cheer; ;O Especially, too, When a "person's wet di through, And is hungry, and tired, and don't know It what to do. 'ow just such a mess of delicious hot pottage Was smoking away when they enter'd the Y cottage, And casting a truly delicious perfume Through the whole of an ugly, old, ill-frnish'd room ;3 "Hot, smoking hot," On the fre was a pot Well repleoish'd, but really I can't say with what; For, famed as the French always are f F. ragouts, No creature can tell what they put in their O atews, Whether bullfrogs, old glover, or old wigs, or old shoes; ;A Notwithstanding, when offer'd I rarely refuse, Any more than poor Blogg did, when, seeing the reeky Repast placed before him, scarce able to speak, he In eestacy muttered" By Jove, Cocky-leeky B" In an instant, as soon As they gave hin a epoon, Every feeling and faculty bent on the gruel, T he No more blamed Fortune for treating him cruelly, But fell tooth and nail on the soup and the T bouilli. Meanwhile that old man standing by, Subducted his long coat-tails on high, With his back to the fire, as if to dry A part of his dress which the watery sky E Had visited rather inclemently.- If Blandly he smiled, but still be looked sly, A And a something sinister lurk'd in his eye. Indeed, had you seen him his maritime dress It in, Tou'd have own'd his appearance was not T prerpoeeeasing ;i He'd a "dreadnought" coat, and heavy eabo T With thick wooden soles turned up at the I toes, His nether man eased in a striped quelgue It chose, And a hump on his back, and a great hook'd nose, So that nine out of ten would be led to sup pose That the person before them was Punch in plain clothes. Yet still, as I told you, he smiled on all preo sent, And did all that lay in his power to look pleasant. The old womas, too, Made a mighty ado, Helping her guest to a deal of the stew; She fish'd up the meat, and she helped him to that, She help'd him to lean, and she help'd him to fat, And it looked like nare--but it might have been Cat. The little gOarfos, too, strove to express Their sympathy sowarda the "Child of dis treas " With a great deal of juvenile French politee: BDt the Bagman bluff Continued to ' stuff" Of the fat, and the lean, and the tender and tough, Till they thought he would never cry "Hold, T enough !" And the old woman's tones became far less agreeable, Sounding like pe and sacrcl and dialel I've seen an old saw which is well worth repeating, That saeys, trb "go r altnger Trarrbhih fleebr ponkhngr." You'll find it so printed by Caxton or And a very good proverb it is to my thinking. Blogg thought so too;- As he finished his stew, His ear caught the sound of the word "arordleai " 1 Pronounced by the old woman under her breath. Now, not knowing what she could mean by '"Blue Deathl" " He conceived she referr'd to a deliathebrewing Which is almost synonymoue,-namely, "Blue Buis." I So he pursedup his lip to a smile, and with glee, In his cockneyfy'd accent, responded, "Oh, Veel" Which made her understand he Wao asking for brandy ; So shabe turn'd to the cupboard, and, having some handy, Produced, rightly deeming he would not object toit, An orbicular bulb with a very long neck to it; In faet, you perceive her mistake was the I same as hi", Each of them "reasoning right from wrong premises; " -And, here, by the way Allow me to say, Kind Reader, you sometimes permit me to I l stray 'Tin strange the French prove, when they take to aspersing, So inferior to us in the science of cursing; Kick a Frenchman down stairs, How absurdly he swears, And how odd 'tis to hear him, when heat to a t jelly, loar out in a passion, "Blue Death ! " and " Blue Belly " "To return to our sheep" from this little digressou : Blogg's featues assumed a complacent ex pression As ho emptied his glass, and she gave him a fresh one; Too little he heeded How fast they saue Sceeded. Perhaps you or I might have done, though, as he did, For when once Madame Fortune deals out her hard raps, It's amazing to think, How one" cottons" to drink ! SAt such times, o allt thingas in inature, pOehps, Ther's not one that's haf so seduaelng nos SMr. Blogg, beside being unaommonly dry, Was, like mot other Bagmen, remarksably I shy, " ShDid you like to deny"- "Flt tiad inoo:mply" Eery time that she asked him to " wet t'other SFpr 'aes worthy ramark nthat the spared not the stoup, Thologh before ehe had eeem'd so to grudge 5\. him the soep. A .t length the fumes rose To his brain; ' as dhilsnosee .". : Oane hints ofqstroug dhpasi~ioo to dose, t And asyeaenng tw usek Y harmkontol repose". His qunsr~lsokio host,. Who, firm it his SDrincog all ths loos spetI h a eontinsed to That grement 'ten.rs c.de• to: fin sore 01 his, guest .weSdorected to: Olekang;. Son he cspght up a tlimpits haiehu dicrtypow, i And ffmnroball'd" he.?":e The wy. he SDpe?tirttos n ,us s -e l eloomy;, a d low, lVithnut "tble h.es~r, a moveable Bus ain bld- fashiansd bedsteed?almsci.out of Mat Tom at tend mot temudved fonm the When just as the ear lost the sound of his T tread, To the Bagman's surprise; and, at first, to his S dread, The great curly-tail'd Dog crept from under B the bed ! -It's a very nice thing when'a.man in a fright, A .41 inku atte it wro ng, to find matiers all right; ; . for intance when goig homee atc-rih at night Through a Churchyard and seeing 4 thing all in white, Which, of course, one is led to consider aT Sprite, To findt atthe Ghost Is merely a post, A Or a miller, or chalky.faced donkey at moot; Or, when taking a walk as the eveninga begin T To close, or, as some people inll it, "dmw in." And some undefined form, "looming tlrge" A through the haze, Presents itself, right in your path, to your gaze, Inducing a dread Ofahe knock on thehead, Or a sver'd carotid, ti find lrae! instead Of one of thoe affiano who urder and fleece I men, It's your Uncle, or one of the "Rural Police men"- ; Then the blood flows again Throughartery hnd ein ; You're delighted with what just before gave youpainr : . You laugh at yor fears--and your friend in the fog Meets a welcome as cordial as Anthony Blogg Now bestow'd on liis friend-the great curly, I tail'd Dog. For the Dog leap'd up, and his paws found a 3 place " " On each aide his neck i a canine embrace, And he liek'd Blogsg' h?nds, and he lick'd his face, And he waggled his tail, as much as to say, C "Dr. Blog, we've foregather'd before to day l" h And the Bagman saw, ea he now sprang up, Whet, beyond all doubt, He might have I found out Before, had he not beon so eager to sup, S 'Twas Sancho I-the Dog he had rear'd from The Dog who when sinking had seized his hair;- A The Dog who had saved, and condulted him there,- A The Dog he had loot out of Billiter Square II It's passing sweet, An absolute treat, When friends, longsever'd bydistance meet,- I With what warmth and ffection each other 'I they greet I. A Especially, too, as we very well know, If there seems any chance of a little adceau, A "iresent irom Brighton," or "Token" to N show, In the shape of a work-box, ring, bracelet, or I That our friends don't forget us, although they may go To Ramsgate, or Rome, or Fernando Pc. If some little advantage seems likely to start, From a fifty- pound note to a two-penny tat, It's surprising to see how it softens the heart, And you'll find those whose hopes from the 1 other are strongoest, Use, in common, endearments the thickest and longest. But, it was not so here; For althogh it its clear, When abroadeand we haver not a single friend near, E'en a cur that will love us becomes very dear, And the balance of interest'twixt him and the Dog Of course wa inclining to Anthony Blogg, Yet he, first of ll, ceased To encourage the beast. Perhaps thinking "' Enough is as good as a feast ;" And besides, as we'reo ead, being sleepy and mellow, He grew tired of patting, and crying "Poor fellow !" So his emile by degrees harden'd into afrown, And his "That's a good dog i " into "Down, Sancho ! down l" But nothing could stop his mute fav'rite's caressing, Who, in fact, seemed resolved to prevent his undressing, 1 Using paws, tail, and head, As if he hat said, "Most belovtd of masters, pray, don't go to bed ;1 You had much better sit up, and pat me in stead!" Nay, at last, when determined to take tome repose, Blogg throw himself down on the outside the clothes. Spite of all he could do, The Dog jump'd up too, And kept him awake with his very cold nose ; Scratching and whining, And meaning and pining, Till Blogg really bhelieved ha must have some design in Thus breaking his rest above all, when at length The Dog soatch'd him off from the bed by shelr strength. Extremely annoy'd by the ' tarntion whop," mit 's eall'd in Kentuck, on his hbead and its oppe lte, Blogg showed fight ; Wthen he aw, by the light Of the flickering caudlo, that had not yet quito Burnt down in the asoketa though not over bright, Certain dark-olour'd stains, as of blood newly s pilt, . Toveal'd by the dog'q aving sartuh'd offi the Which hinted a story of horroo and guilt I 'Tane "no " istake,'"- Hec was "wide awake" In an instant ; for, when only decently drunk. Nothing sobers a man so completely as "funk." And harkl-what's that I- They have got into chat In the kitchen below--whct the deuce are they at I There's the ugly old Fisherman scolding his wife I And she--by the opepl she's whetting a knife I At each twiat Of her wrist, Andher great mutton fiht, - The edge of the weapon sounds shriller and louder I SThe flercekitchen fire Hadnot madeBlogg Sperspire Hall so much, or a dose of the beht James's powder. It ceases--nll's ilent !-and now, I declare There's somebody crawls up that' rickety stair I The horrid old ruffian comes, eat-like, creep H opens hoe door just sufficient to peep i. And eae, as he falneie, the Bagman sleeping; For Blogg when he'd once ascerlain'd that there was aoma " ' "Pre'iohs nischinl" on foot, had reeolv'd to g play"Poasum; t' Doawn ho went, legs end, Flaton the bed, Apparently sleeping as soulnd an the dead; While, though none who look'd ai him would thine such a thing a KEery nerve inhis frame was breod up fir a spring. Then, just as the villain Crept, stalthily still, in, And you'd not have insur'd his guest's life for \- a ilin . " . as a rczor, Blage, kacrtiag upright, ." tipped"' the feaelnw "afaer - S--Down we'nt manend wcopnn 01 n 'al siot e From what Mr: Jackson reporth. I ieppmons There sire few that aurpuan a flush hltoa thek . a m is er. ., And nyaythe fioot purs son Was mlt' Jem me Whileus to the secnd, tbey atoutly daerea; ewausno one heows who, and burn ? oan \- . kenoe where,) Ix Or had I the quil of Piserce Egan, a writer \- Fr the last twenty yemo, Bythn livoly youtif Peers, · Who, doffing their coronete, collars, and ermines, treat Boxers to "tu ,5' at the Osn Tea in Jfermyn -I usy, "t?oud I borrow thee0 Genaetlen'a Stom skill'd than my meet, .? en fiBhbin?'" endhbruise,. I'd debunkbsnow tou ydn Asu "prine get lot inferior in " bottom "to aught you have read of Since Cribb, years ago, half knock'id Moly. neua's head off'. But my dainty Urania says, "Such things are shocking!" Lace mittens She loves, tetesting "The Glooves;" ing, Andturnin?, ,i tb mpo. ai llymock From Melpomeiie''-bualtin, edoptp the silk \- stocking. So, a far eas I cn'see, I mutl leave you to "fancy" The thumps and the humps, and the ups and the downs, And the tape, and the slaps, and the rape on the crowns, That pass'd 'tnixt the Husband, Wife, Bag man, and Dog, As Blogg rolled over them, and they roll'd over Blogg ; While what's called "The Claret" Flew overthe garret: Merely atting the fact, As each otherthey whacledl, The Dog hpld in master moat gallantly back'4; Miaking both the aron;, aho iname nuouingg in, sheer off, With "Hippolyte's" thumb, and "Al phonse'a " left oar off; Noext, haking a stoop on The buffltting groupon The floor, rent in tatters the old woman's aMoran; Then the old man turn'd up, and a fresh bite of Sancho' Toro out the whole seat of his striped Call Really, which way This desperate fray Mlight have ended at last, I'm not able to say, The dog keepiug thus the assassins at by: Baut a few fresh arrivals decided the day; For bounce went the door, In came halt a score Of the passengers, sallors, and one or two more Wrho had aided the party in gaining the shore I It's a great many years ago-mine then were few Since I spent a short time in the old Coa ragcuv; I think that they say She had been, in her day. A First- rae-but was then what they term a And they took me on board in the Downs, where she lay (Captain Wilkinson held the command, by the way.) In her I pick'd up, on that single occasion, The little I know that oeancerus Navigation, And obtained, inter alia, some vague infor mation Of a practice which often, in casea of robbing, Was adopted 00 shipboard-I think 'twas alN'd "cobbing." How 'twos managed exactly I really can't say, But I think that a Boot-jack was brought into play That s if I'm right:-it exceeds my ability To tellhow'tis done; But the system is one Of which Sancho' exploit would increase the facility, And, from all I could learn, I'd much rather be robb'd Of the little I have in my purse, than be "cobb'd ; " That's more matter of taste: But the Frenchman was placed I mean the old scoundrel whose actions we've traced In such a position, that, on this unmasking, His consent was the last thing the men thought of asking. The old woman, too, Was obliged to go Through, With her boys, the rough discipline used by the crew, Who, before they let one of the set see the back of them, " Cobb'd" the whole party-ay, "every man Jack ol them." And now, Gentle Reader, before that I say Farewell for the present, and wish you good day, Attend to the moral I draw from my lay ! If ever you travel, like Anthony Blogg, Be wary of strangers I-don't take too much grog ! And don't fall asleep, if you should, like a Above all-carry with you a curly-tail'd Dog I Lastly, don't act like Blogg, who, I say it with blushing, Sold Sancho next month for two guineas at Flushing ; But still on these words of the Bard keep a fixt eye lIoneTot as DexnsrI, oH?IA DIrr! I I L'Enroye. I felt so disgusted with Blogg, from sheer shame of him, I never once thought to inquire what became of him; Ifvou want to know, Leader, the way, I opine, To achieve your desig,-Mtind, it's no Wish of mine, Is,-(a penny will do't)-by addressing a line To Turner, Dry, Weipersyde, Rogers, and Pyre. 