OUR CHRISTMAS TALES. FIRST PRIZE STORY. JACK TRAVIS'S MERRY CHRISTMAS. AIT AUSTRALIAN STORY OF ADVENTURE. Br TITUS. Chapter I. — A Band ok Exiles. . " Many an exiled heart hath died Of its own thirst to see again thy shore." " It must be done," said Peter Travis, addres sing his friend Wm. Fairway, who had made a neighborly call upon him in his comfortable farm houso in Sussex, England, at the beginning of the year 1834. " I hove thought it over till I hnvo no longer any doubt about the matter, and I have finally made up my mind to act. My advice to you is to pack up nnd accompany us with your family." The speaker was a hearty English tenant farmer just entering on liis 40th year, and his visitor, also a tenant farmer, was about the same age. The subject of conversation between the two friends was one which had often been on their lips during the preceding six months, for in the middle of the previous year Travis had received a letter from his brother Jacob (who had been for some time settled as a storekeeper in Hobart Town, Van Diemen's Land), in which he spoke very cheerfully of his position and of tlie prospects of tho colonists in a country in which land was cheap, and in which opportunities of advance- , ment for the steady and persevering seemed to be great. I " I would make up my mind to come with you S without another hour's delay," remarked Fair- way, "if I could only persuade the wife and ! daughter. Tlie boy is eager, enough, but the women folk do not like leaving the land on which they were horn ; nor do they altogether j enjoy the prospect of roughing it, which, it can not be denied, is a portion of the future in.- store." i " Leave that part of the business to mo," j responded Travis; "I'll soon set that right. i My lease expires at the end of the quarter, and ' I do not intend to renew It. I shall sell all I possess, and, with the proceeds, as I understand from my brother's letter, I shall in a short time bo the owner in fee simple of a farm five times larger than the one I have toiled oh for ho many years as a tenant, with the result of just being able to make both ends meet." When Peter Travis spoke of being able to set things right with the women, he knew very well what he was talking about. His own family consisted of his wife and one son, John (the principal personage in this tale), a strapping young fellow of 18 years. Fairway lmd a wife and two children— Mark, a lively youth, a month junior to John Travis, and Grace, a handsome girl of 17, whose charms had already made sad liavoc with the susceptible Jack, the whole of whose holidays from his office in London, where he was being taught surveying, were spent in the company of the young Fairways. Jack had a very ardent desire to go out to the colonies. He pictured the Australasian settle ments to himself as places which promised adven tures as well ns a large fortune in the end. His mother was already with him, and his father was fully conscious that he hnd only to use a little of his persuasive eloquence upon Mrs. and Miss Fairway to ensure the removal of all obstacles to the two families emigrating without further loss of time. . And so it came about. There were some tear ful regrets for the old country, and for the severance of hallowed tics, but the liigli spirits of the young people quickly triumphed over all difficulties ; and it was a settled thing that the Travises and the Fairways should leave England for Van Diemen's Land (now called Tasmania) in the approaching midsummer in H.M.S. Triton, which had been commissioned to take out a batch of convicts to that colony. According to the mistaken British statesman ship of the period, the proper way to get rid of the criminal refuse of the old country was to shovel it off to the Australasian colonies. The unclean thing would at least be out of sight. Besides, it was the opinion of many enlightened men that this was the best method of founding colonies. With them it was no mere question of prison discipline. The Euglish soil would be purified, and vagabonds, by tho mere act of transporta tion, would be changed into honest and thriving citizens. They would bo fruitful and multiply » in the sunny land which was to be their new home ; thoso who did not become prosperous farmers or merchants would afford cheap labor to their more lucky neighbors. The wilderness would be reclaimed, happy Edens would be sprinkled all over the Australian continent, and tlie Empire would expand in a manner which would afford magnificent outlets for British manufactures. That all of this did not turn out precisely as was expected is well known to those who arc familiar with the horrors of Norfolk Island, Macquarie Harbor and Fort Arthur. But even the rose colored optimism of English philanthropists of the day did not contemplate that the Australasian settlements should consist entirely of felons. The unwholesome mass was to be leavened by tlie intermixture of untainted colonists, so passages were offered in convict ships to emigrants of a desirable class who were willing to pay tho cost of their rations. In this manner tlie Travises nnd the Fairways were en abled to make their long journey to the anti podes at a reasonable outlay. H.M.S. Triton was an old fashioned war ship of 1200 tons burden. _ She carried 200 convicts, a detachment of marines, nnd a proper comple ment of officers and men, some of whom pur posed settling in tho country for which they were bound. In addition to tho convicts there were a dozen passengers who were going out as assisted emigrants. The circumstances of the Travis and Fairway families have already been described ; the other male passengers were artisans or agricultural laborers. As the vessel left her moorings many aching hearts on hoard felt nn extra pang. Not a few of tho exiles, botli free and bond, watched with streaming eyes tho receding shores of their native country, till night finally closed tho viow, as it seemed to them, for ever. At that moment most of them would gladly hnve returned to the land of their birth had it been possible. It took the ship's company a full week to settle down comfortably into tlieir places. Tho vessel was roomy enough, and tho free pas sengers wore not badly off. But the case was very different with tlio convicts. Apart from being deprived of their liberty and limited to prison fare, they were packed together, men," women and children, like sardines in a box, in & barrncoon in tho waist of the ship, and the posi tion to tho better class of criminals, compelled to hord with the vilest produots of great cities, was one of unmixed horror. During stormy ' weather or tlio oppressive heat of the tropics their sufferings were as great as those of tho slaves iu " tlio mhldle passage." In those days convict ships did hot sock to make rapld posr sages. The Triton, as was the custom with vessels of her class, called at Tencriffe, Capo "Verde Islands, Brazil and the Cape of Good Hope. This broke the. .monotony of a six mouths voyage, and allowed of fresh water and provisions being taken on board. In the languid stillness of a tropical afternoon theTritou lay idle on the surface of the glittering sea. There was not enough wiudevoutomakeher sails flap lazily against the masts. The only sound to bo heard, save when an occasional lurch ia the heaving swell caused the masts and cordage to creak, was the monotonous lap and lisp ot the water as it gently moved on the ships sides in response to the slight swaying of the hull. Most of the passengers were asleep under cover, for a vertical sun had been blazing over head for some hours. The man at the wheel was obviously leaning for support against the spokes, an indulgence ho would not have given himself had any of the othcers been in sight The guard at the quarter ratliug, whose duty- it was to keep his eyes upon a number of men and boys dressed in monotonous grey, and lounging in a sort of cattle pen on the main deck, which formed their exercise ground, was evidently dozing. On the forecastle a few soldiers and sailors in undress were listlessly gazing at the fishing liues hauging over the cat head. Jack Travis and Miss Fairway were under the poop awniug, watching the silver sheen of the flying fish as they slipped through the pearly atmosphere to tall with a faint rip pling splash in the cool waters. When the dolphins and bonitas struck for their prey, a silvern cloud arose, and there was an arrow-like series of flights and dips. Some times the nautilus, or Portuguese man-of-war, as seam»;n name this tiuy imitation of a ship, lazily floated by — attractive in the sunlight when in' full trim, and having a melancholy interest wlien appearing battered by rough usage — . Its irised ceiling rent, Its sunless crypt unsealed. . M. albatross sailed majestically through the sultry air without so much as fluttering a pinion, and so near to the ship as to brush the peak halyards with the tip of ono wing. A cluster of smaller sea birds had settled in the water close to the stern to nibble at bits of biscuits thrown to them. How much does not the ocean voyager of the present day lose? Fast steamers have obliterated the romance of the sea, just as they have struck a serious blow at skilled seaman ship of the sort which enabled men like Dam- pier, Frobiiher- and Drake, or the great Captain Cook, to accomplish their life's work. These thoughts did not occur to young Travis as ho bent over the taffraii with his " best friend " at his side, but the couple were both making their first .voyage, and they found plenty of interest ing things to say iu regard to the ocean life around them, and the. dream-like splendor of the view. " Stand up, you scoundrel — I'll teach you your duty," were the rough words which fell upon the ears of the pair of lovers, followed by the sound of a thwacking blow from a rope's end. . The speaker was Mr. Maddux, Lieutenant of Marines, a hard featured man of some 27 years of age.' He had just come on deck on the com pletion of his afternoon nap. The guard was leauing agaiust the quarter railing and nodding over his musket in a way which made it Houbt- ful if he were not fast asleep. This was enough, to arouse Mr. Maddux's ire, but he would not . have' shown the fury which now possessed him. had he not seen young Travis's arm around Miss Fairway's waist. He had intentions in that '-.quarter himself, and having long suspected his rival,' the actual confirmation of his fears well nigh threw him into convulsions. . . a nave sometuiug w say to you, remarueu the - lieutenant to young Travis, as soon as he got within speaking distance. He lifted his cap, and Miss Fairway, who divined the coming : storm, went below. " . "Anything wrong?" responded Jack,, with exasperating nonchalance, . "It is just this," said the angry lieutenant; V it came to my knowledge last night that you have been in the habit for some time past, with the connivance of your friend Mark Fairway, of passing /tobacco to the convicts. Do you not know that this is agaiust the King's regula tions?" "I 'ara Borry for the King's regulations," replied the offender. " All the tobacco I liave been able to give to prisoners will not harm anyone. I only brought on board 5 lb. for my own use, and I have not given away as much as a pipeful a day. If you suspect. me of making friends with prisoners, I can truthfully say that I have not even spoken to any of them who arc not good conduct men." "I suppose," thundered Maddux, "you call that mutinous scoundrel Dick the Dodger a good conduct man. If it had not been for my watch fulness the ship would have bceu captured the day after we left Brazil, owiug to that infernal rascal's machinations." "Is poor Mrs. Jackson also a mutineer?" asked Jack. ""Will the world come to an end because I gave her for Old Sam, her husband, a piece of tobacco half the size of my thumb ? " "The. King's regulations must be obeyed," answered the lieutenant, who was now greatly exasperated by the coolness of his antagonist. " Do you not know that I can get vou and your frlond two dozen lashes each for this ; and hang mo| if I don't do it. A pretty picture you will bo for Miss Fairway to look ujjou when you arc Braced to the triangle." , Jack replied that he would answer to Captain TVarburton,. the master of the ship, for any complaint .the lioutepant might choose to make against him, but he 'declined to recognise the latter officer as a despotic authority. . .Maddox went away muttering curses betweeu his teeth. He feared that if ho did not put a atop to the dialogue ho would lose control of himself and commit an assault on the quarter deok. . Ho had an intense desire to secure tho punishment of a person who had become hateful to him, . but he dare not risk giving mortal offence to Miss Fairway, so he determined to vait for a .more suitable opportunity to wreak his revenge, and at the same time effectually dis pose of his rival's chances with Grace. . Though tho irregularity which young Travis had been guilty of is scarcely to be justified, the lieutenant of marines would not havo mado tho complaint in so serious a form under other circum stances. Many of the convicts were in truth deserv ing of. some sympathy, especially tho chiidron accompanying their parents, and who, if not schooled in vice at tho commencement of tho voyage, bade fair to be so at the end. Miss Fair way took a special interest iu them, and estab lished & class for their instruction. Equally pitiable was tho position of sorao of tho women accompanying their husbands. Mrs. Jaokson, tho wife of Old Sam, was a ladylike and industrious persou, whoso presence iu tho bhip was entirely duo to her unwillingness to leave her convict husband iu his darkest hour of adversity. A considerable proportion, of tho prisoners had not sprung from the criminal classes. There wero some who, by riotous living and o sudden yielding to tomptation, had fallen from a respectable rank iu society, and wero Indebted to tho influence of friends alono for an escape from capital punishment. The position was admirably expreaood by Lieut. Tuckey, of the Calciifcta;;$he,conviot ship which, in 1803, wade the abortive .settlement in Port Philip, under Lieut, -CoL Collins. _ , . " "Somo-of tho cohylot8," wrote Mr. Tuckey in' his journal, " were accompanied by their wives, who had married them in the sunshine of pros- perity, when the world smiled' deceitfully, and their path of life appeared strewed with un fading flowers. In the season of adversity they would uot be separated, but reposed their heads on the same thorny pillow, nud as they had shared with thein tho cup of joy they refused not that of sorrow. Those alono who know the miserable and degraded situation of a trans ported felon can appreciate the degree of con nubial lovo that could induce these women to accompany their guilty husbands in their exile. The laws can only make distinction in crimes, while tho criminals, whatever may have been their former situation in life, must suffer aliko for crimes of the same nature. (It therefore entirely depended on us to ameliorate their condition, and grant such .indulgences as the nature and degree of the crime, and tho otherwise general, character and conduct of the prisoner, seemed to deserve. To these helpless females all the attentions that humanity dic tated, and that the nature of our service would : permit, were extended. But still it was impos sible to separate their situations entirely from their guilty husbands. They wero consequently j far, very far from being comfortable ; and one of them, borne down by the first hardships of the voyage, which she felt with redoubled force in consequence of being far advanced in preg nancy, fell a victim to her misplaced affection before our arrival at Tcneriffc." Tho Triton, with her band of hopeful emi grants, and lier load of crime and suffering, bore steadily on her way. Christmas day had arrived, and it was known that the ship was within a week's sail ot her destination. In this joyous season of the year even the hearts of criminals may be made to feel. The sur liest guard on board for once unbent his ordinary stern reserve and broko the laws to return a civil answer to the convict who passed him the compliments of the day. All tho prisoners brushed themselves up to look extra neat and clean. Tho officers appeared in full dress, and the general air of animation aud pleased alacrity was so near extending to Mr. Maddox that he was observed on several occasions to relax his usual scowl. Even the heavily ironed inan, who had violently assaulted the sentry a week before, had his extra Christmas dinner and his Christmas tot of rum. For a few hours at least the poor wretches in the barracoou seemed to forget their miseries. The- ribald jest was stayed, aud no bad language was heard. Old Sam, whose dedre to keep up appearances in tho old country had resulted in his forging other people's names, contrived to look highly respectablo in a white shirt, while Dick the Dodger might havo passed for a verger in a sober suit of grey. The captain invited most of tho emigrants, in cluding the Travises and the Fairways, to his table in the evening. All were in high spirits at the thought of the speedy termination of a prosperous voyage. There was much mirth and jollity. The doctor sang his best song, aud tiie chaplain told his best story. The captain would take no excuse from Miss Fairway, and that j'oung lady was compelled to oblige the company with Kathleen Mavournoon. As she sang — Hut thou forgotten this day we must sever. Oh, hast thou forgotten this day we must part, it seemed to Jack Travis like a lark caroling at heaven's gate. His Christmas day in the con vict ship was altogether a pleasant one, but it was uot tho Merry Christmas which iu after years stood out from all others as the brightest day of his life. All happiness is governed by the law of relativity. Tho sweetest pleasures are those which follow upon tho deepest paiu, aud our hero had not yet undergone sufficient suffer ing to be capable of experiencing the knecnost cniovment. We shall see presently what sur- prising adventures fate had in store for him. Chapter II.—' The Wheok of H.M.S. Triton The solitary shriek, the bubbling cry Of some strong swimmer in his agony. On tho last day of tho year 1834 H.M.S. Triton lay within 20 miles of. tho rugged and broken south-eastern Bhoro lino of Von Diemen's ' Land. Wild birds came off the cliffs with a screaming salute as the ship ncared the coast, and fantastic fragments of island and promon- tory roso upon the view with highly picturesque effect. . . Captain Warburton had mado the voyage once before, and ho . was heading his vessel for the comparatively safe eastern passage of Storm Bay. Light winds had prevailed for several days, but the barometer was now fall ing. Suddenly there was a perceptible chill in the previously warm atmosphere. Dark masses of cloud hurried up from the far horizon, the heavens became as black as ink, a misty rain fell, and a strong wind lashed the sea into fury. " Will you go about, and make the land to morrow? asked Mr. Carlin, the first officer, as he took charge of the watch iu his oilskins and sou- wester. "No," said the captain, " I know the land marks, and I havo run into port many a time with a stiffer breeze than this. But you can double reef the topsails nud make tilings as snug as possible. Once fairly past the headland, we shall bo in smooth water, and it iu full three hours before sunset." The ship sped on at a good eight knots an hour, but owing to a sudden change in the wind, all hope of making Storm Bay had soon to bo abandoned. The vessel was being driven west ward, and there was nothing for it but to faco the very dangerous passage of D'Entrecasteaux Channel, guarded by its line of sunken rooks known as the Action reef. Onco inside this narrow channel and fairly abreast of tho long length of Bruny Island there remained a delightful voyage, up the "river, .accompanied by thechnrm of romantically magnificent scenery, marked by every varying form of peak and swelling top, with tho distant height of Mouut Wellington towering like , a monarch of all around. . fho galo hurried tho doomed ship with un controllable power upon tho whito water of tho sunken rocks. By great rood fortune, notwith standing the misty rain which obscured all things, she successfully threaded the most intri cate part of tho Archipelago. "Once past tho south end of Bruny Island, and we aro safe," remarked tho captain, who was anxiously peering through tho gloom. " Any more sunken rocks ?" quorled Mr. Carlin, who had had quite enough of this Bort of navigation. " It is not a sunken rock tills time," replied tho captain; " it is n natural obelisk of basalt which stands a fow hundred yards off tho south ond of Bruny island. If it wero. as big as Mount Wellington I could not see it in this weather.". There ' was a violent bump, followed by a heavy grating sound, and the ship shivorcd from stem to stern. Slio had struok 'hor port bow on the. obelisk off Bruny Island. As quickly as possible the sails wore nucleated, and two anchors wero let go; Ilo's'n Brown piped all hands on deok, and his powerful voice, trained by long usage, as he 'directed the manning of tho capstau,-rose abovo tho clatter of falling spars, blocks and ropes, and even pierced through tho loudest blasts of the tempest. - But it was all over witli tho Triton, though tho affrighted paxnongers now on deck did not know it.. : She rolled. heavily and struck repeatedly against., the great rock, shuddering in all her timbers at every contact. Tho anchors held, but tho night was passed in great anxiety. The-Triton had tern away her forefoot, and there was a hole in hor port bow as big as a hay stack. At daylight the carpenter reported 10 feet of water in the hold, and she was clearly settling down, though the violence of the wind and waves had somewhat abated. Her bowsprit was already under water. Green seas swept over the forecastle and main deck, and she was going down by the head. "Clear away tho port lifeboat,' sang out Captain Warburton. " All the free passengers will go in her, with Sub-Lieutenant Wilkinson. The free passengers wero huddled to gether on tho quarter deck. They now realised their deadly peril. The ship was sinking, and there was small chance of a boat living iu such a sea. Jack Travis aiul Grace Fairway were locked iu each other's arms, and the remainder of the party endeavored to cheer each other with hopeful words as they best could. An unearthly stillness had reigned in the prison 'tween decks during this eventful night. Two hundred men, women and children were securely locked in there, and they were domi nated by tho agonising thought that in case of the ship foundering they would not be allowed on deck to fight for their lives, lest their pre sence should create a panic, oven if they did not capture the boats. When they heard the order to lower the lifeboat they fully realised their extremity. Many of them clambered up to the iron gratings in tho main deck and thrust their hands through to clutch the officers and guards, as they implored them to inter cede with the captain to let them out. Mr. Maddox, the lieutenant of marines, felt him self seized by tho trousers leg. " For God's sake give a poor cove a chance, instead of smothering him like a rat in a cage. It doesn't follow because a fellow's got fourteon stretch that he's been sentenced to be drowned," cried a terrified voice. The suppliant was Dick tho Dodger, for whom the officer had no particular liking. "Go to the devil," said Mr. Maddox, who was brutal even in the crisis of his own fate, as he kicked himself free. "Doctor! doctor!" screamed Mrs. Jackson, as she caught a glimpse of the genial Dr. Joliey through the deck gratings, "You always pro mised that you would stand by us if it came to this ! " " It cannot be done, my poor woman," was the doctor's sorrowful reply. The boats were on the skids, but tho crew weie under perfect discipline, and the life boat was soon hanging from tho davits. Jack Travis, and Mark Fairway assisted Grace into it. She came of a sturdy stock, had been bred in a rural home, and was possessed of some physical gifts, so that she was able fully to preserve her presence of mind. Mr. and Mrs. Travis, Mr. and Mrs. Fairway aud the other free emigrants followed. As soon as the keel touched the water's edgo a heavy sea hurled itself at tho tiny craft, the ship heeled over, and the boat was turned bottom up, all its occu pants being left floundering in the water. Jack Travis aud Mark Fairway were good swimmers, but what can the most accomplished swimmer do in a raging sea? In such a position one might as well not know a stroke. Chilled by the water, biinded by tho spray and deafened by the wind, twenty unfoitunate crea tures (including a boat's crew) were struggling aimlessly in the waves, and with little conscious ness of what they did. The first time that Jack Travis was able to think clearly, he found him self clinging to a topsailyard, which was drift ing in the sea. Mark Fairway was near to him at the same end of the spar. At tho other end there was attached a mmdle ot rags, which they afterwards discovered contained the form of Grace. None of the other occupants of the boat were to be seen. A strong current drifted the castaways towards JSruuy Island, and they landed tncro in a very exhausted condition iu about an hour's time. When they looked for the Triton she had dis appeared. She had gone down in deep water with all the remaining hands on beard, a few minutes after the capsizing of the boat. They then knew the meaning of tho awful yell which went up from the prison in the 'tween decks, and which pierced their cars, notwithstanding that thoy were distracted with the buffeting of the waves. "When Jack, Mark and Grace had sufficiently recovered to be able to move about, they felt in its full force the crushing blow which had fallen upon thein, but they had to make the best of their circumstances. For tho present they were not sufficiently well acquainted with the topo graphy of Van Diemen's Laud to know whether they wore doomed to die of starvation on a desert island or not. A case of biscuits and a keg of rum wero washed ashore from tho wreck, and witli these provisions, aided by a fire which Mark succeeded in lighting by means of a match that had been kept dry in a metal box which ho carried in his vest pocket, these ocean waifs contrived to make themselves comparatively comfortable. After a time they searched along tho beach for survivors or corpses from the wreck. There were no dead bodies to be found, but in a small inlet Travis came upon Maddox, Dick tho Dodger and three sailors lying appar ently at the point of death, witli the over turned boat close at hand. A nobbier of rum served round quiokly revived them, and they were able to narrate their several adventures. As the Dodger lay extended in tho sand by tiie sido of Maddox, both in tattered clothing and much knocked about, Travis could uot help noticing that the gaol bird was tho moro respect able looking man of tho two. With his cap off, and his wet hair lying back across his forehead, Maddox, nppearod to be the low-browed ruffian that ho'was. Dick had a'yhaip, Cockney face, but it was relieved by a tinge of humor which was not unattractive. Another turn of fortune's whcol, mused Jack, aud the lieutenant might have been tho convict and the convicttUo' lieu tenant. Maddox, it seemed, leapt from tho taffraii of tho Triton as her bow plunged into the sea and her stern rose high in the air. When tho ship filled, the decks burst open and Dick wasthrown to the surface with a number of his fellow prisoners. By and bye he found himself cling ing to the overturned boat with Maddox, who called upon him to auit his hold, and swore at him unceasingly. The boat rolled over many .times, tossing them into the sea at each somor- sault. They regained their places with the utmost difficulty, and when they were finally cast upon the beach they wero all but dead. Tho three sailors got ashoro upon loose spars, and had much tho same experiences to relate. Of the rest of tho Bhip's company no other soul survived , Tho boat luckily had tho mast and unset sail lashed inside. Tho castaways constructed for themselves a riido ima-raia which sheltered them from tho .wind for tho night ; and next day, under the guidance of Maddox, who was acquainted with tho route from examination of tho captain's chart on beard the Triton, they set out for Hobart Town, which tliey safely reachod in three days' time. As they sailed I through tiie archipelago of D'Entrecasteaux Channel into the Derwent protty tenements of settlers were seen on bjaky heights or in sheltered, coves, and the soft air was laden with tho. perfume of acacias and the mingled odors of aromatic shrubs. But tho voyugurs wero too much oppressed with tho sud thoughts left. by tho direful tragedy in which they had so recently, been participants to he able to fully approoiato tho natural charm of their surround ings. Arrived at Hobart Town, Mark, Jnck and Grace woro received into tho family of Mr. Jacob Travis, who at once charged himself with tho care of the three orphnns. Mr. Maddox, after a brief interval of repose, anil an interview with Governor Arthur in which ho claimed the merit of having saved the lives of all tho people who survived tho wreck, was made a magistrate and governor of Hobart Town gaol, where Dick the Dodger found free board and lodging ; and the three sailors returned to England by a man of war which left tho port a month after tho date of the wreck. Ciiaptku III.— Batman the Bold. Hands that aro red with slaughter, Feet that are sunk in crime— A harvest of tares and thistles For the pending scythe of Time. A notable figure in Van Diemen's Land in the days of which wo write was John Batman, dsstined to be the founder ot the great city of Melbourne. History has not much to say of some of the world's great men, but what it says of Batman is greatly in his favor. Ho was a humane man, ofuudaunted courage, and great physical strength, gentlemanly and conciliatory in demeanor, aud dominated by the restless spirit of the discoverer — in short, ho was of the stuff of which the true pioneer ia made in all countries. Tall and stout, with dark curly hair, well cut features, and a jovial manner, ho was popular with all classes. Though Johu Batman was a vory young man when in 1821 he left his homo in P&rramatta;, New South "Wales (where he was born of honest Yorkshire parents, who were greatly respected in tho district), he had already distinguished himself as an explorer, in company with his young friend and fellow townsman, Hamilton Hume. In Van Diemen's Land, the black war which tho Government were waging, with the ultimate result of tho extermination of the native race, and against the wilder savages who had escaped from tho cruelties of Port Arthur and Macquarie Harbor, Batman found a wider field for tho exerciso of his adventurous spirit. He worked most successfully with the natives, using some New South Wales blacks ho had brought over as a medium of communica tion, and he succeeded in reclaiming many aboriginals who would othcrwiso have been shot down under the military system. The bush rangers respected him because of liis personal character and well known prowess. The notorious outlaw, Brady, when roaming the forest like a wounded lion, surrendered to him, though lie would have died rather thau fall into the hands of a policeman or a soldier. Batman, indeed, as related by an historian of the period, rendered such valuable ser vices to tho Government that Governor Arthur promised him some boon ; not, perhaps, what ever ho might ask, as the Arabian Genii would have done, but anything in accordance with the quality of his public services; and he did ask something that made the Governor pause and demur. Ho did not request any honorable or lucrative office, nor that ample breadths of fair lands might he accorded him, but what onesofreo, gallant and fearless should havo done. He sued for a pardon for a fair and youthful dame— an outcast and outlaw— whom lie had mot with in the fastnesses of the mountaius, and secluded iu the solitary woods— too interesting a bushranger to be readily delivered up by lum to tho public authorities. It is said that she attended him, as Kalcd. did Lara, iu male habiliments, aud that she was secreted at tunes at his country location underground. What kind of bower he made for this fair Rosamond is not known, nor by what clue ho found her. Ho loved her well — perhaps wisely — and his intercessions found such grace, after somo delays, that she was par doned and became his wife. At the date of the events of our story, Jiatman was living witu lus neaitny young family on n fine estate some 6000 or 7000 ucres in extent, which he called his farm. The country was still infested with bushrangers driven to desperation, and resorting to overy enormity, including cannibalism, in their extieraity. Jack Travis entered the service of Batman with tho object of gaining colonial ex perience, and oventually becoming a landholder himself. Mark Fairway accepted a position in Jacob Travis's store in Hobart Town, so as to be near Ills sister. The bad days in the lifo of Jnck were those on which lotters arrived from Mark mentioning that Maddox had called to see Grace, and that he persevered iu offering attentions, notwithstanding that he had been told they were distasteful. One autumn evening, as Jack sat in the verandah of his employer's housb, smoking his after dinucr pipe, and woudoring wlicu ho would bo in a position to set up an establish ment of his own, and remove Grace from her irksome position, he saw tho tattered figure of a short, slim man limping up tho homo pad dock. It was Dick the Dodger. Hav ing been flogged by order of Mad dox for somo trivial offence, he had taken advantage of the first opportunity to cscapo from gaol. Ho had wandered for a week in tho bush, but being city bred ho was soon reduced to tho verge of starvation, and lie determined to sur render himself the first time he caught sight of a human habitation. Greatly surprised as well as dolightcd at meeting an old acquaintance, ho pathetically begged his old shipmate not to "go back on a cove as was down on his uppers." Jnck was young and enthusiastic, and the appeal was not made in vain. He had always had a sortof lik ing forDick, who?e crimes were notofavery deep dye, anil he was not ill pleased witli the chance of helping him to outwit a mutual foe. The runaway was accordingly introduced to Mr. Bat man as a free laborer seeking work, and ho was at onco engaged on the farm at a small wage with rations. Three weeks after the evening on which Dick arrived, and when the older inmates of the tene ment wero just proparing to follow tho' ex ample of the ohildren aud go to bed, the front door was suddenly opened, and five des peradoes, two of them armed with muskets, marched into tho room, iu which woro seated Mr. and Mrs. Batman and Jack, They woro a band of bushraugcrs headed by tho notorious Moonlight ; and they did not know who owned the house, or they would havo given it a wide berth. The miscreants at onco surrounded tho occupants of tho room, and prevented them from obtaining any firearms. "Who are you, and what do you want?" Btcrnly demanded Batman " I am Moonlight," answered the first ruffian. "IVo want food, clothes, guns, powder and shot; and what is more, we intend to havo them, so bail up." "Tlten take them," said Batman, as he knocked over the bandit nearest to him with his; fist, and sprang upon tho cbiof of the gang, whom ho seized iu nis irou grip. ! Mrs. Batman caught a third mombor by both! wrists, aud held hitn for a timo as iu a vice ; the, fourth, who was unarmed, ran into tho next, room to look for 'a weapon, and was looked in by; Dick the Dodgor, who camo from tho roar of: tho premise on hearing tho disturbance, and now stood guard over his prisonor at the door witli a cleaver in his hand; and Jack closed with tho fifth miscreant, snatching up from tho table at tho moment a blubber knife which had luckily been left there by ono of the form hands newly returned from a whaling voyage. Jack's antagonist was a powerful young man of about his own age and build. As they struggled tojccthor they fell, and rolled out at the frout door across the voraudah on to the grass. The convict held a muakot in hjs hand, but it exploded as ho fell, afld ho relinquished it. Locked in each other's arms a . W wrestled down the home paddock- V-.it- 1)a,r m rising to thoir foot at intervals till'thcv r!£ f5? H the first gate, full thirty yards from ti, 1 5? mg. In that desperate scuffle Jack ia Lf?!." different stabs on Ids adversary, but stiltl/fd low would not Rive in, and lie continued toraV £ ' assistance from lus mates. The outlaw !i ,l" held by Mrs Batman, attlnh2e e;; : wrench himself free, and he ran to the a d of to, comrade at the gate, pursued by Mrs. JJatman who throw herself upon him just i,Vi? seized Jack by the th'roat. v lunge Jnck sent the knife " haft home " int.Ii" breast and he fell dead. With the help of Afc Batman he securely bound the wounded man' and they then had time to see how tho oS wero faring. luera The man who was felled by John Batman 1» stunned and bleeding on the floor ; and AW light, the most powerful of the bushrangers k,i not been able to cope with his assailant 'list man had taken his gun from him, and, covering him with it, had easily obliged him to submit to bo pinioned by Dick the Dodger, who gleeful v left his post at tho neighboring door for the purpose. Fifteen minutes after the entrant of the gang they were all safe prisoners. A messenger was despatched post haste to Hobart Town, and a detachment of police under the direction of Mr. Maddox, came out' and took charge of the dead body aud the foul prisoners. The man who was felled by John Batman revived in a few hours, and the convict who received 14 stabs from Jnck Travis, .strange to say, recovered after six weeks' treatment in the gaol hospital. Moonlight and his followers having committed several murders and criminal assaults, were all hanged in Hobart Town two months after their capture. ' The arrival of Mr. Maddox was a very unfor- tunnte thing for young Travis. Tho latter made desperate offorts to keep Dick the Dodger out of sight, but the Batman family not being in the secret, all his schemes failed, and Dick was taken off to Hobart Town with the arrested' gang. " This is an unlucky thing for you, my yowi" friend," said Maddox to Travis, as ho took his departure, with a gleam of ill-concealed satisfac- j fciun in his eye. "Conspiring to assist an: | escaped prisoner to remain at large is oue of the j most serious offences a man can commit in this ; colony, and the - Govcrmont are determined to put it down. In three days from now you may expect tho arrival of a warrant for your arrest." Tho position was iudeed sorious, anil Jack, with a heavy heart, told Mr. Batman that he must leave Van Dieman's Land at once. " Go into hiding for a few weeks," said Mr. Batman, " and then I will be able to show you a way out of tho difficulty. I have got a great enterprise in hand. When I was last in Sydney my old schoolfellow, Hamilton Hume, who with Captain Howell explored the neighborhood of Port Phillip, tho other' side of Bass's Straits, in 1824-25, told me that he believed it to be the most magnificent part of tho. Australian conti nent. Iam forming an . association to make a settlement there, and -I expect to ba able to start in six weeks' time. If you join us, your knowlego of surveying will he of great value to the party, nnd you will be safe from tho persecutions of the Hobart Town authorities, to which your iudjscretiou has rcn-; dcrcd you liable. . Believe me, the new country' is the place for a young man to make a start in. Vast fortunes will be acquired over there by the early sottlers." This was good news for Jack. He readily fell in with his employer's views. Ho returned to Hobart Town with as much . secrecy as possible, and, by the friendly offices of Mark Fairway, he was enabled to conceal himself on board a South Sea wlialing ship which was being run for a Ho bart Town firm by Captain Nat Doolittle, a Yankee skipper of great experience. Occajion- ally leaving bis biding placo, Jack had mauy stolen interviews with Grace Fairway. Hut Maddox at length got to hear that he was in concealment in -the neighborhood of oue of the wharves, and tho pursuit became so hot that ho could not wait for the com pletion ..of. Mr. Batman's arrangements. Tiie , whaling vesnel, called tho Saucy Lass, a well found barque of 500; tons, was ou the poiafc of!sailing;for the South Seas. . Jad&willinpr; accepted, a place befor'o the mast with a pro mised "lay " on the proceeds of tho voyage; and one week boforo John Batman sailed for Port Phillip in the Rebecca, a little schooner of 30 toffs, Jack Travis had begun a brief ncctunmt- ance with tiie lifo of the whalo 'fisheries, uopmg that ou his return to Hobart Town he would be able to got ovor to Port PhilUp before Ins arrival liad bcoomo known to the authorities. Chapter IV. A Run with Dick Turpis. There, leviathan, Ilugost of living creatures, in the deep, , Stretch'd like a promontory > sleeps or swunii Anil seems a moving land ; and at hU gius Draws in, and at his breath spouts out a sea. The Saucy Lass was a quaint, worn and old- fashioned, but not uncomfortable vessel. sho tripped her anchor in tho Dcrwent a geutly glided towards the open sea, on a origin Van Diemen's Land day in tho ftUf.u,tunJnonn, of May, it was a damp, drizzly English Novem ber in tho soul of Jack Travis, for the future seemed darkly clouded. But the cheery life board and the fresh sea .breeze soon clearw away tho cobwebs Jaok was naturally deairo of seeing a little more' of the watery than,' ho had yot beeu able to examine, fg while the prospect of engaging m fcg nameless, porils of a sport m reg sg to which bo lmd heard many stones t _ weather-beaten seamen on board the barq js she lay at anchor greatly stimulated Inin. g of tho yarns told of tho captain »?ver w K bring ft frown to that worthy's brow if 10 | any allusion mado to it. One day, win | visit to n friond on Snftko Island, . Dti . t tcanx Channel, Doolittlo snw whftt ho b.olloV'. I to be a dead whnlo flouting in mid clinnno J cording to tho fishing laws it was » ',rV f which could bo claimed by tho first oonicr. . skippor promptly put off with bis boat j , carrying a sharp pointed staff with ft ft b ns with which ho intondod to mark tho tr f ) his own. Having been pulled »lon»'k hugo croaturo ho leapt on to ds i, -labor, rninmod tho flagstaff into tho ms of bluuuor. The whalo was not dead but aloeping, a mighty bound it plunged to tho J0""4 . ' Liic of tho sea, leaving Doolitt'o spluttering Tho voypgo of tho Sauoy Lass was a Pjo porous one, and nearly all horbarro s within six ' months of her doto o l.ng Jaok Travis had become a good 8aaYiko BU had learned to lump from spar l 0f Australian grasshopper in thop J onct .February ; ho was an accqinpUY 't /iln main- and when it was his duty t? stand cal|e,i mast head upon two thin W'. ,i10 ship liad tho t'gallaut cross-trees, no man ,"0U0Pn the a quicker oyo for tl.q spout of a v d>aic >o horizon. As for nautical Vl t|lcr0 was crow always retired in hi» favor \ t ,m a call for " A Dead Whalo or a Tho cruising ground waB from.tli ga Laaa Diomati's Land to tho line. hoipoward was now off Now .Caledonia, pad P„|np hound. Though sho had ,,rI,ct bag- barrel on hoard, a whales something sho la never so full hut shwill ho'u ?om $ I fual lookout continued to bo fcvoflj ®0Ixe«Hhc mast heads. £ I been but one disappointment dur- A ftcre k There was welt lmown to bo on I i fog romid an enormous sporm whale, t I Ue'WB'"®Ltaaid, than any crenturo cf tho I had been Been sinco tho days of J onah. h® ' rccognisablo in consequence of 4 Iher,Kof a card table having been 1 1 i1" 1 cut of its starboard fluke. It was also 1 "if to brist-lo like a porcunino with broken 1 91 which had remained in its body after 1 1 W0 JLtivo attempts to capture it. Tho 1 irehnil becomo as knowing as a Imro that 1 ft couiscil, nnd all tho crows m tho South 1 hVrv md an ambition to tako it. Tho r | 2;s whalo Dick Turpin, in conso- 1 3 » nf its well known speed nnd capacity for \- IS !Sht run, but that did not prevent thorn as Si ,£'Li rule from referring to it ns "sho;" n ' V „m,n3 at sea being feminine.' The crew of J U, had lowered for Dick Turpin off « Kiomon Islands, and again near tho Now 385 -i' ' 'Ik Each timo there was a most exciting m S'Anfitlcss chase. Once a strike was made '-4fi harpoon, but it failed to hold. Captain aitle boliovcil ho hail kept in tho track of aa monarch of the seas, running duo south. 'M sho blows ! Tlioro sho blows 1 A H , |ite Niagara !" cried the look-out man at m 5, main mast head, at noon, as the island of M ft Caledonia was fading awny astern. M '"Thereaway!" V "On the leo bow, about a milo a half off." t iiyhere go flukes !" nnd the whalo sounded. SB "Lower awny, and after liim," shouted M Main Doolittlc. "It's Diok Turpin, men. p other whalo ever raised such a fountain as '"lii "in an incredibly short spneo of timo tiireo "H! heats wero in tho water, and pulling in tho 111 direction indicated by tho signals of tho look- vSgl at the main mast head. Tho barquo fol- "9 lowed under shortened sail. The steersman is lilj tho whale killer, using a lanco for tho purposo ; SbJ the harfocnor is tho oowoar. Tho latter doos "mh not know when it is time to drop his oar and <«j|| isle the irons in his hand until he has got the 'iHa mnd from tho steersman. In tho first boat, <5«|i pontile was steersman and Jaok was bow oar. :;S8 captain could see all before him ; the rsjgj rowers, having their backs to the bow, know dp what they were told. sag! tfhen the jockeys in a hard fought contest on ' 111 inreeourso are jammed together in a bunch as j»| they dash round at breakneck speed, thoy ulieve their overcharged feelings by addressing trim phrases to each other, largely made up liiniha nnd whirling expletives whioh are not lied to ears polite. So in the fiery hunt of fe whale, when the supremo moment arrives, and the pulling of an extra pound or two may ryhe the difference between losingand scouring a leviathan, the excitoment readies a mailden- iag point in which ordinary language fails to express ono's feelings. Captain Doolittlo soon bd his eye on n promontory-liko form stretched cpon the deep at a distnnco of half a mile from to tat. The crew knew from tho glint in his eye that it focussed tiio whale, and they pulled witha will. A few minutes later Doolittle said, "It'a Dick Turpin, sure enough, boys. I seo (he rent in his starboard fluko. Ho's worth £200 if he's worth a penny. Pull nway ! " Dirt was basking in tho sun and Bwishing his great tail in mere wantonness. Tho boat crept aloug and got within 200 yards of tho quarry, which showed signs of restivoness, as though shout to tnko a dive. " l'ull away !" shouted Doolittle. "Pull, if jou break every bone and voin in your bodies." The men strained at the oars, but the boat did not fly fast enough. "Pull, jo- devils!" continued tho skipper. Givowny.ray horoes ! ' Can't you pull ? That's ndong and strong. Start her, my sea kings !" They were now within forty yards of tho ij l A. k.w n>oro 8trbos and tho bow oar would he within harpooning distance. " Pull, nnd be damned to you ! Pull to hell ta. hissed tho skipper through his set lie perspiration poured in torrents from emjonc of the oarsmen as they gasped rind Loaleu to each other broken words of encourage cmt or profane ejaculation. Thoy know trom iri drawn expression of tho skipper's face, now una with excitement, that- they wore all but ultra striking distance, and they wero nerved in the final effort The pack wero in full cry, unit : was a critical moment for Diok Turpin. 5 and up !' shouted the helmsman. In? a?" "i1 b'3 'ce' 'n aa instant, hnrpoon in win , '''unoo of ton feet from tho whalo, « hurled tho barbed dart. Stern all," said tho skipper, and tho oars- " was well thoy did, for tho tithtu it ? J10 aea' Preparatory to a run, r,iil ?cct,0? nn earthquake, and thoy just being hoisted on'onoof its flukes. As it .1® '10avi"E swell caused by tho wallowing but. n.i I?' cal,i!'i!od tile boat, throwing all bll ri f it .W1?cr' I'10 harpoon did not hi h«.n .out af tor a few fathoms of lino tw ban earned from tho boat, and Dick Tur- pn was again fre0 to roam tho billowy wihls. bait J"!? wor? a" picked up by tho Bocond boat m Wr1 SG heiiind, nud tho capsized 0"L y, 011 an ovon 'roo' »"d baled done ' d been 8l"'u"Ki so no hnrin oiLw'nf Ba'1' Hl'ttle, though tho ctb«inir ll r il1 .'i' woro within earshot instead ever I win 0 aw»y, "before tliis voyago iB your owf, gore "xnsot, anil tho boats' crews re- KivrLvA,. ,'- I"3"!"0' which had kept within lime npvf t?nc0 f them. At breakfast reported tl.Tn"'? ?," of tho look-ont men Vessel rn,,!,i .. IurP,n wns ahead of tho toi-e iil-n .i ." "ootii-enst nnd spouting with a "He ( . f tiio blow liolo nt Port Arthur. Doolittlo ito, leail 1,8 Captain late on„ nf'lrnU i lf wu m,<!0 get hi,n himnenl r . 10 or inlets of A'au hnent L ""i 1 ',, ?r ' tho Australian cou- Tlic f8,'.a 'jave biin to a certainty." WJthenL llowc.(1 witl1 aa 8-knot iireeze, mornin- d;h- a?' 1 ?pt lla>' aftcr day. Every tlowi„» atmi, . 1f"r|"a ,wn? descried pulling and 'ml sun,,- I' bht nlicad of tho sliip. Tbu mist ''tile mil. ve"i woro a beacon to the vessel, serin.. ii, o'en.d was to tho Israelites jour- 'eck'im tl„ '"'O'ned land. Soinotiincs a lung s'»vc tin, ii '!"no.tb sea, liko tlint which is scon fesenco in,, I rlp I'ort i'hilliji, Indicated ilia wakenf water, and on moonlight niglita "hnlecoiiti.01)'!1 foam could bo seen. The onthosoun. ' . "straight run to Capo Howe, sent tlmn "ca1 or"eoastof tho Australian conti- bsss's westwards, ho passed through bnd, tlii.q,. "" fa1-1" what iB now called Port 's' ho nevil'"5!! , H, "iways within sight of him, n ,0 tivo „ ,""cd long enough on tiio aurfuco B sspture 'i'i m?.UB loworing boats for a halii> aieasrs. Ilenty had established a I IKvions vou, u",' I'ortlnnd Ray in tho 9 'l work- ,, bjthor Dloic Turpin smelt tho i elllement decanted whale oil at this 8 ,!e'nz a I ,n\nr whether ho was alarmed ot i,:, f rew put off from tho shore to 8 'sown h.i'i '-I -n t"'nt5 which will never ho 8 ""dinnilo i,'" c,crla'n that ho turned toil, 1 "ssey La<» r bass s Strait ngain, and that tho a bhe could crowd o W'"' BVLr "titcli of canvas I ''eeiileclms?," W'"' 'J10 Mugby hounds, or your I ""'you n,ii-0ivcr m' l'odlington sticks, mny I toJocli'iv,:!8 observed Captain Doolittlo I 'S but givo me a tight ahip, a front.'?0020 nnd WbaI wort1' having in Jaok admitted that ho had d.i,. 7 pleasure from describing parabolas over counTv hedges in tho green lanes of t.'„,,i„. , u, try following tho fox houndsTb, lm"t"lUv interested in tho olinso of Diok Turnin U Slor Wh0l S'pe Do'uHttlo'.IOUl" To" hor ia"'" whale. Anil what is your fox's brush to tho solid rcatiUa gained by the whalo slayer9" Dick Curpm was now approachinc tho on«n mg of Port Phillip Heads. Alt hLds inPthe slnp wished ardently that ho could bo driven in p'0/; - W1,,e" ofE P?int ho wm mot by Latman s schooner, the Rebecca, returning from Van Diomcns Land with supplies for the Yarrn0ltHhi'-liP 8e,ttIoglont on ""0 hanks of the X?r,r ,p avlng tllo iSauoy Lass in his roar, Diok Turpin ran straight into tho Bay. As ho passed tho Nepoan rooks ho rose his vast bulk suddenly in tho air, nnd falling with a tremen dous i splash in tho sea, piled up an obelisk of shore lmoam' 81>ray Wllil1 roaollo<I tho " "Wo can slacken sail now, boys," cried tho skippor. Master Dick is in a trap, and wo will soon mako short work of him. Meanwhile, wo can speak tho Rebecca." i T)l voasel" came together off Short- land s Lluif, now called Queensoliff. Batman was not on board, but Jack learned that his settlement on tho Yarra was flourishing, and the bearings of tho river woro pointed out to him on tho chart. Tho Saucy Lass and tho Rebecca parted company next day at tho mouth of tho Yarra. Tho captain of tho Kobccca men- turned to soma of tho Port Phillip settlers next day that he had spoken a whaler in tho bay but he did not givo her liamo or any other par ticulars. 1 Captain Doolittle now discovered that the trap which ho thought Diek Turpin had run his head la'o was practically an inland sea, and that the ditncul.y of capturing him had not been reduced in any very sensible degree. This mighty hunter of whales, tho day after saying good-bye to tiio Rebecca, caught sight of his enemy's signal of troubled water and nir, off tho point which is now called Snapper Point. Tho boats were lowered again, and Doolittle and Jack occupied their respective positions as beforo, in tho first boat. Tlipy got well up to tiio whole, and tho skippor told the harpooner to prepare. "Another stroke," said Jack; "there must bo no mis take this time." The prow of the boat was within two feet ofjtlic monster.Jnck leapt upon its luck, nnd forced tho hnrpoon in to the point whore tiio shank joins tho shaft. The boat alternately sterning out of the way of tho whaio's wallow, and ranging up his flank ngain, gave the skipper a elmnco of sending his lanco into him beforo lie began to run, nnd Jack, swimming out of tho whirpool, recovered ilia place in tiio boat. Then Dick started off, his great flukes churning tho waves liko the screw of a 5000 ton steamer. The whale line, spirally curled in a tub at tho boat's stern, hissed over tho gunwale, and tho boat tore through tho boiling sen. At length the whale, beginning to get exhausted, somewhat reduced his speed. Tho men began to haul in the line, though the boat continued to ba drawn by tho power ful creature that was harnessed to it. Presently tho boat got fairly alongside tho wounded whale. Lanco nfter lance was thrust into his body. Rivulets of blood rolled down his sides : tho sea was crimsoned for a hundred yards aiound. Tho spasmodic dilating nnd contracting of tho whnlc's spout hole showed that ho wns in extremis. Then all motion ccascd — ho was dead. Tho capture was made off tho ti-tree scrub which now shelters the town of Brighton. Tho body of Dick Turpin was towed to the ship and tied by its head to tho stem and by its tail to tho bows, but its length was much greater than tiint of the Saucy Lass. On tho following morn ing cutting stages wero suspended from tho vessel's side ; the body was out up nnd stowed awny in tho blubbor room, preparatory to boing convortcd into oil in tho try works, wliieb oc cupied a prominent place on the main deck ; and the unhandsome skeleton was cast adrift to be picked clean by the sharks and sea birds. Chaptku V.— Adventures are to the Aoventdbous. Through the madding maze of gum trees, white the sun is at its worst, Slowly staggers in a circle ono whose throat Is parched witli thirst. Mites and miles ho wandurs onward, hearing nothing but tiio sound Of the crackling of tho dcadwoori on the broiled and burning ground. \Vhon everything bad been mndo snug oil board the Saucy Lass there was n fair wind to take iter into Bass's Strait. Jaok had intended to ask the Bkipper to put him down nt tho mouth of the Yarrn, ill order that lie might liinko his wnv to Batinnn's party, but knowing Doolittle's uuxicty to get back to Hobnrt Town lie offered to land at onco nnd walk to tho Port Phillip sottlemeiit. It wus only half a day's march, nmi ho had learned tho exact locality of the villngo a few days beforo from tho men oil hoard tho Rebecca. So Jack was lauded, on tho morning of tho 4th December, nt the point whore tho Brighton pier now projeots its length into tho sea. Ho took with him a fowling piece, a fow rounds of powder nnd shot, two days' rations (which were forced upon him to guard ngniust accidents), and tiio captain's blessing. Tho sailors wnved ndiou io him from the forecastle of tho barque as alio swung round to enter upon hor homownrd voyage ; nnd Jack, with a light heart, went forth- upon his way, thinking of tho surprise ho had in store for Batman— who, ovon if ho had hoard of tho visit of tho Saucy Lass to tho Bay— would naturally expect him to reach tho settlement in a small vessel direot from Van Diomen's Land. Ho also wondered what news lie would hear of Graco Fairway. Jaok thought at first tlint ho would follow tho shore lino to tho inouth of tho Yarra, hut, tempted by tho fineness of tho day and the attractiveness of the scene, ho made occasional excursions into the bush ; nnd having lost somo timo in this way, lie proposed to himself to make n short out and Btriko tho Yarra at tho point of tho Bottlomont olose by what lmd been doscribeil to him ns tho falls. Then ho rail after n couple of wood pigeons, following them from tree to tree without getting n shot. Night fell ; tho thick curtain of bush completely stint out tho bay from sight, and lie made up his mind to camp. His rations alfordod him a good supper, and then he slept peacefully till daybreak nt tho base of a huge gum tree. After nit early break fast ho resumed his iniirch, tooling confident that ho would renoii tho sottlemeiit in a couple of hours' timo. He walked steadily till he know by tho position of tiio suu that it was afternoon, but ho caught no glimpso of oitlier river or settlement. Then lie determined to tako his bearings anew from the shore line, mvl lie made, as lie bolioved, direct for tho beaoli. Night fell again, but no beach camo into viow. At tho closo of tho third day ho trod upon some shreds of a picco of paper lie lind used in loading his gun on tho second day of his jour neying. Then it dawned upon liiin tlint ho was lost ; ho lmd boon walking in a circlo. llis rations had now boon consumed, ho hail to rely upon an occasional bird which ho shot and firolwtii frw hl?ikity llaJ. mato'i"s to light a did not know0 iW'\ ? on> in what direction lie ivmibl T'-I M <Ics,I'erately hoping that ho would soon strike shore lino. chotvnf sT Mlncs in wIlioh tl10 we!r'I molan- It JZm Ll mi 1 lde.r"c3s a'most overpowered him. tho stLi f W/|th ?3t 8'liul0W3, and but for string k 8 i i forC3t trces an<1 the long 8,"p E 7llanK""g from gaunt gums, there nr-hn nfV£- "v"' T tho «"a"inal startling k . ii, tt- a,nott| or tho mocking tones of kanS. \ 3- Afc niShfc time, wallabies, kangaroos and opossums coursed over him ; and nf ir„TI?ed bl3 rcl' >y moonlight the forms of haggard gum trees gleamed white, bare and ty,nfWr! 9J!eotrall,'at3 ad,,c't to tho dismal terror of tho timo. Tho mornings brought a i ttn<li burmns Slla ; and as Jack crashed through scrub and jungle, waded through morasses and entangled himself in thickets, while parohed with thirst and faint witn Hunger, lie sometimes shouted aloud in tho fury of despair. On tho fifteenth day after leaving tho vessel (ho kept careful count of the days by means of notches in a small stick which he carried), Jack rcaohed tho base of a lordly hill (tho ono which is now known as Arthur's Seat), and ho know tnac its summit must command a viow of the i t amraunion was now expended, and bo bad thrown away his gun as a useless encum brance. He carried in its place a spear which ho hau found sticking in a native's grave, and which served him as a walking staff. Its aid was necessary, because ho was greatly weakened from want of food, besides having often been two days together without water. Arrived at tho summit sf the hill, which Jack had approached from tho landward side, the bush lay like a panorama below him, and in front retched the glittering waters of Port Phillip Harbor, without a speck upon them. He now saw that lie had been hopelessly mis taken in his route, and that he was on tho wrong side of tho bay. In his enfeebled state Iio could not hope to traverse tho circuit of the harbor, and reach the Yarra. H13 only ohance was to make for Point Nepean, and hope at the Heads to attract the attention of some passing craft engaged in tho whale or seal fisheries, or perhaps a schooner teading between Van Dicmon's Land aud tho Port Phillip settlement. Wearily descending the hill, he was captured at its baso by a tribe of natives who recognised in him a departed chief who had come to life again ns a white man. As Jack carried tho dead chief's spear, they had no doubt about his resur rection. The natives wero friendly, and gave tho famished wanderer much needed supplicsof food. They nrcssed him to remain with the tribe; but when they held a corroboree and danced like painted skeletons in a circlo whilo they chanted somo dismal dirge, Jack could not divest him self of the feeling that all this was preliminary to making him a burnt offering ; so he escaped in tho night timo and resumed his lonely journey to the Heads. His diob was now improved, becauso ho found shell fish on the beach every day, which was a great advance on the gum and tops of shrubs he had been reduced to for some time before his en counter with tho aboriginals, but he made slow progress. At length, on Christinas eve, ho felt that ho could go no further. As ho prepared his bed of leaves and gum boughs beneath a monarch of the forest, ho believed that it was his last rest ing placo. Ho slept tho sloop of exhaus tion and it was lato when he woke in the morning, unrofreshed and feverish. He romombcrcd that it was Christmas day. As ho lay in a semi-conscious condition, the sun blazed through tho insufficient shelter of tho gum boughs : tho shrill sounds of the garrulous cicadas which animated tiio thick bush wero almost deafening ; the wild flowers drooped under the heat ; a lizard ventured forth to havo a look at him, but quickly retired beforo the universal glare ; an occasional bright- winged parrot or lemon-crested cockatoo flashed through the palpitating atmosphero in search of a more leafy neighborhood ; giant gums twisted and flickered in tho sultrv air ; and the glaring slopes of tho beach rolled and woltcred in the sun. Dozing uneasily, Jack thought ho heard, faintly, merrily, far away, the church boils of his native villngo ringing on tho crisp air. Then camo memories of tho waits on a clear frosty night, when the earth, honeath a star-spangled wintry sky, looked dazzlingly white in hor pure robo of snow. Again it seemed to him that it was spring time, and ho was in tho meadows of the old farm with Gincc. Tho lark was soaring in tho sky, he listened to the linnet singing 011 the bough, the mavis on tho thorn, the Jack started suddenly and raised himself on his elbow. "Was he awake or dreaming, ho asked himself? He distinctly heard t-ho words, sung in a dear, pure voice -lie could- never forget— Hast thou forgotten this day wo must sever, Oil, host thou forgotten, this day we must part He roso to his feet, and then he saw through the bushes, not 30 yards off, Grace, in a whito muslin dress and large sun lmt, stooping to pluck a wild flower. It was in truth Grace fairway in the flesh, and no unsubstantial creation of a disordered brain, who lmd just sung those two lines of Kathleen Mavourncen, though sho had not sung a word of tho ballad sinco tho previous Christinas day, because of tho sorrowful memories connected with tho loss of H.M.S. Triton. At this moment sho was thinking of Jaok Travis, and wondering when his whaling voyago would bo over, and if he would ever got safely to Port Phillip. Chapter VI.— The First Victorian PlONIO. So shall tho pride of yon cities soar From the frigid Polo to the torrid Lino, Their sway shall stretch, their standards shine ! Pillarod temples— towering domes— Men, boo-like, busy by field-girt homes; Tiio wharf— tho mine— the hurrying crowds- All— all I behold through yon breaking clouds 1 A people of marvellous arts— in sooth, The wisdom of Eld, the strength of youth. — Dauipier's Dream. John Dntmnn lauded with his colonising party at Indented Head, near what is now called Quecnscliff, in tho last week of May, 1835\. Hero they met with William Uuckloy, tho wild white man, a convict who, hav ing escaped from tho settlement attempted by Lieutenant-Colonel Collins, of tho Calcutta in 1803, near what is now called Sorrento, nnd soon abandoned, had lived for nearly 33 years among tho blacks. He had forgotten his own langungc, and weeks elapsed before he could say more than a fow words of broken Knglish. What littlo spark of intellect ho had ever had seemed to havo bocu all but quenched. Ho proved useful in opening up friendly relations with tho natives, but ho remained taciturn to tho ond of liis days. The awful silence of the Australian bush had fallen upon him, and the frozen fountain of his communicativeness was novcr broken up. In a short timo Batman and his party re moved to tho north bank of the Kivcr Yarra, between tho southern ends of what aro now called Sponcer and William streets, and hero tho foundations of tho gient oity of Melbourne were laid, whilo large blocks of land were portioned out to tho projectors of the Port Phillin Association. In tho last month of tho year tho settlement consisted of about 50 men, women and children, living in a dozon wattle and dab huts. Tho life was rough, for tho pioneers had to carve for themselves homes out of tho wilderness, but they knew thero was a great future before them, and all hearts beat high with hope. Tho men dressed in bluo or red serge shirts worn over tho trousers, with a leathern belt and large straw hat. Tho ladies followed their own caprice, for the laws of fashion were not rigid in tlioso days. Tho community was distinctively an agricultural and pastoral ono. Tho excite- mcnts of tho period wero explorations (chiefly into the western district) and occasional con flicts with bushrangers from Van Dicmen's Land. Batman and his family, who had been joined by Mark 1? airway and his sister, were settled on a beautiful hill (known as Batman's Hill till its removal in tho sixties for commer cial reasons), ornamented with sheoak trees, and tho graceful figures, and open, healthfully blooming countenances of tho girls attracted much attention when they marched on Sunday mornings to tho low-roofed wooden church. Christmas week had come round, and there was debate in the Batman family as to what sort of jollification they should indulge in on tho great anniversary. Tho schooner Rebecca had just discharged her cargo of stores and farming implements, and it was finally rosolved that she should bo utilised for the purposes of a picnio to the site of Collins's old settlement of 1803, which is within a mile of what we now call tho Dromana side of Sorrento. Buckley could not be relied upon to find tho spot, because he had no memory. Lower down tho stream thero was another active pioneer who had followed in tho steps of Batman — John Pascoe Fawkuer — a strenuous man, but without tho attractive features of Batman's charactor. As a boy of 10 years Mr. Fawkner was a passenger on board tho Calcutta with his parents in 1803, and ho might havo mado a good pilot. But it was naturally supposed that he would not be de sirous of reviving the memories of an unhappy childhood ; besides, ho wag not on friendly terms with tho rivaL pioneer. Batman himself, when cruising in tho bay, had seen somo indications of felled timber in the locality in question, and, as the result showed, I10 had no difficulty in finding the spot. Tho Rebecca, with a select party on board, dropped down stream on Christinas eve. Soon after .daylight on tho following morning she sailed from the mouth of the Yarra, and a full hour before noon her passengers wore busily prepar ing an ttl fresco repast among the wild flowers and the ferns of a point of land which seumed to be chiefly inhabited by wallabies, magpies and laughing jackasses, and whose solitudes had not otherwise been disturbed for 33 years. Of tho convict settlement there was no evidence but the mark of axes on tho trees, a few empty bottles and a broken- pannikin. This was the progenitor of a long line of Vic torian picnics, for this sort of fete champUrc ba3 since become a national institution with us. A whito tablecloth was spread by the ladies of the party in tho forest dell ; and saucepans and camp ovens were soon at work in a crackling fire. The feast was quitcgood enough for healthy men and women. In place of wines there was plenty of tea ; there was Jamaica rum for those who liked it ; and thero were also three bottles of imported English ale,, which wero treasured as though they contained tho elixir ot life. ' lhis is hot weather in which to take one's Christmas dinner," 9aid John Batman, as the members of tho party throw themselves in more or less picburesquo attitudes around tho tablo cloth, " bub I would father bo in Fort Phillip than anywhere else for all that. What a picture those of us who are alivo iu 50 years' timo will seo in this magnificent bay ! There will be forests of masts, villa residences on wood crowned heights, and beyond, the spires and domes of a vast city will broak upon the view." "I don't think much of the first Lieut.-Govor- nor, Collins," observed Mr. Wedge, the surveyor to the settlement. " Ho was not much of an explorer if ho could not discover, during a four months' residence in the bay, enough fresh water to justify a settlement." " Depend upon it," Batman remarked, " thero was some reason for. Collins's retirement to Van Dicmen's Land which has never yet appeared ou tho surfaco. This is a delightful spot, nnd why should ho havo suddenly abandoned it wheu everything was going smoothly ?" "I havo often been told," said Graco Fair way, M that it was all whim and caprico on the part of Collins. If the men of his expedition had been as good pioneors as Mrs. Hopley, his assistant surgeon s wife, Port Phillip would have been a great place by now. That little woman was a brick. It is well known in Hobart Town that she wrote to a friond in regard to the settlement of 1803 : 1 My pen is not able to describe half tho beauties of that delightful spot. Wu abandoned it much to my mortifica tion. During tho four months we were there I never felt ono ache or pain, and I parted with it with more regret than I did my native land.' " 44 Tho abandonment was a good thing, all the same," answered Batman. "Colonel Collins saved Port Phillip from tho primal curso of con- victism. Years hence, when the future nations of Australasia are united and, linked in friendly bonds with all the English speakiug countries, arc practically ruling land and seas and giving laws to all tho world, tho inhabitants of Port Phillip will be glad to romember that. Never theless, I havo some sympathy witli Miss Fair way's view of the subject, and, by your leave, we will drink to the health of Mrs. Hopley, the first Port Phillip patriot of the soil." 44 And next Christmas," added Mark Fairway, 44 wo will drink the' health of Jack Travis in his presonco I hope." Batman, Wedge and Mark Fairway rose with pannikins of English alo in their hands. A faint gleam of intelligence animated for a second the stolid features of William Buckley, as, drawing himself up to the full height of his gigantic stature, he raised a tot of rum to his lips. Pigeon and Toby, two Sydney blacks iu Batman's - sorvico, grinned from car to ear as tho comparatively unaccustomed boverago of rum and wntor approached their mouths, nnd tho ladies and the rest of the party stood up to honor the toast with a deep libation of tea. At that moment every hand was arrested iu its upward course by tho nppearanco of n spectre on the sccno. It was Jack Travis, in tattered garments, wasted with famine, ami koking the ghost of his former self. The mystery was soon explained, and the now comer had a welcome tho cordiality of uhich could not bo surpassed, especially on the part of Grace Fairway, her brother, nnd Batihan. When Jack first caught sight of Grace, as sho was bending to pick a flower to complete tiio table clotli decorations, he was so overcomo by tho flood of emotions which flowed through him that he fell back upon his bed of leaves and gum boughs. Some little time elapsed before I10 was able to join the festive gathering, for he naturally camo to the conclusion that there wns a festivity in progress from a glimpse ho had of some of tho culinary preparations. By the time ho reached tho banquet it had advanced to the stago of drink ing a toast. The nam© of Mrs. Hopley was duly honored, nnd that of Jack followed immediately afterwards. He soon roviwd under the influence of the inspiriting surroundings, and tho revulsion of feeling which followed upon his marvellous rescue from a miserable death. And this was Jack Travis's merry Christmas — the day which in all subsequent years was to stand out as the bright particular Chiistmas Day of lus existonce. His happiness and that of Graco Fairway is not to be oxpresscd in words. Every- one can guage it by his or her own experience, or fill in the details according to his or her own imaginative capacity. Tho afternoon was spent in the pleasant inter change of facts of personal history. Grace Fair way and her brother thought as highly of. tho new Port Phillip settlement as did Batman, and it was soon a settled thing that Jack should throw in his lot with tho people on the banks of tho Yarra, where he would be in no danger of molestation from Hobart Town officials. When tho sun had set, rapid preparations wero made for a moonlight trip across the bay to the new settlement. Batman had monopolised tho attention of Jack for some time, as they sat together on the beach, tho former being inter ested in the young man's adventures on board tho whaler. At length, seeing that Miss Fair way was released from her duties in connection with the packing up of utensils, and was look ing wistfully in their direction, he called her. and said, while a slight pucker somewhat dis turbed the assumed gravity of his face j 44 Come here, Grace; Jacks wants to discourso to you of cctology, or tho science of whales." And he left the pair in the shadow of a rock, near the ribbed tide sands of the bay. # » Mare than half a century has elapsed sinco the occurrence of the events recorded above. Tho first marriage celebrated in Port Phillip was that of Jack Travis and Grace Fairway. Jack received in a short timo from Hobart Town his share of the proceeds of the voyago of the Saucy Lass, aud tho money enabled him to take up land for himself and Mark Fairway westward of the settlement, and beyond what wero then called the Iramoo Plains. Mr. and Mrs. Travis aro still living, and at the annual Christmas family gathering Jack never fails to narrato to his grandchildren tho story of how he spent his Merry Christmas of 1835. Batman's hopes in regard to the progress of the Port Phillip settlement woro abundantly ful filled, for Melbourne, as it is now named, is, in point of size, population and importance, the ninth city of the world. Tho pioneer himself, however, was not fortunate. After sinking large capital, his land claims were disallowed by tho Government in Sydney, his family of sons and daughters was dispersed, and he died a broken man at an ago at which he should have been in the prime of life. A monument to per petuate the name of John Batman would much better graco a Melbourne street than the figure of any European hero. Maddox lived only a fow years 111 Hobart Town. Ho was killed in the gaol yard by a convict whom he had op pressed beyond human endurance. Dick the Dodger eventually gained his liberty, and after serving for a timo as barman in a publio house in Flinders-street, rose to the dignity of a' licensed victualler. As for Captain Nat. Doolittle, that profane and mighty huuter of whales took the position of a marine surveyor at the end o tho prosperous voyage of tho Saucy Lass, whi has been described, and he 44 travelled" on h story of the run with Dick Turpin. But lie is dead long years ago. His body's dust, His harpoon's rust, His soul is with tho saints; I trust. 