BILL NYE ON J. C/ESAR. », H« Mulccx a Few Interesting Comment* I on tlio Flay. I Tho play of 'Julius Ccesar,' which has been at tho Academy of Music this week, has made a great hit. Messrs. Booth and Barrett nry wisely decided that if it succeeded hero it would do well anywhere. If tho people of New York like a play and say so it is almost stiro to go elsewhere. Judging by this test tho play of 'Julius Ccesar' has a glowing futuro ahead of it. It was -written by Gentle mnn Rltnl'Asnanm Pnnrtn an/I Tlnnnoltv whn collaborated together on it. Shakespeare did tho lines and plot, Bacon furnished tho cipher and Donnelly called attention to it through tlio'papers. ' Tho sccno of 'Julius Ciesar' is laid in Rome, just beforo the railroad was completed to that placo. In order to understand the play itself we must glance briefly at tho lead ing characters which aro introduced and upon whom its success largely depends. Julius Ccesar flourished considerably from 100 to 44 B. C., when a committee of repre sentative citizens and property owners of Komo called upon him, and on behalf of tho peoplo begged leave to assassinate him as a nmrk of esteem. He was stabbed twenty threo times between Pompey's Pillar and 11 o'clock, many of which were mortal. This account of the assassination is taken from a localjpapcr, and is graphic, succinct and lacks tho sensational elements so common and la mentable in our own timo. Coesar was the implacablo foo of the aristocracy, and re fused to wear a plug hat up to the day of his death. Sulla, once said, before Coesar had made much of a showing, that some day this young man would be tho ruin of the aristoc racy, aud twenty years afterward, when Caesar sacked, assassinated and holocausted a'- whole theological sejninary for saying 'eyether' and 'liyetlier,' the old settlers re colled what Sulla bad said. - ? . Cassar continued to eat pie -with a knife and in many other ways to endear himself to tho masses.until GS, B. C., when ho ran for , quaestor. Afterward ho was a;dile, during tho term of which offico he sought to intro duce a number of new games and to extend the limit on somo of the older ones. From this to tho senate was but a step. In C2, B. C., he went to Spain as proprie tor, intending to writo a book about the Spanish people and their cugtoins as soon as he got back, but he was so busy on his return that he did not have time to do so. . Caesar was a powerful man with the peo ple, and whilo in the senate worked hard for his constituents, while other senators -were having their photographs taken. He went into tho army when the war broke out, and after killing a great many people, against whom ho ho certainly could not have had anything personal, he returned, headed by the Romo silver cornet band, and leading a procession over two miles in length. It was at this time that ho was tendered a crown just as.ho was passing the city hall, but thrice ho refused it. After each refusal the people ap plauded and encored h,m till he had to refuse it again. It is at about this time that the play opens. Caesar had just arrived on a speckled courser and dismounted outside the BEAD OF THE PROCESSION. town. He comes in at the head of the pro cession, with the understanding that the crown is to be offered him just as he crosses over to the court house. Here Cassius and Brutus meet, and Cas fius tries to make a mugwump of Brutus, so that they can organize a new movement. Mr. Edwin Booth takes the character of Brutus and Mr. Lawrence Barrett takes that of Cassius. I would not want to tako tho character of Cassius myself, even if I had run short of character and needed some very much indeed, but Mr. Barrett takes it and does it . first rate. Mr. Booth also plays Brutus so that old settlers here say it seems almost like having Brutus hero among us again. In act 4 Brutus sits up late reading a story by E. P. Roo, and just as he is in tho most exciting part of it tho ghost of the assassin ated Coesar appears and states that it will meet him with hard gloves at PhilippL Bru tus looks bored, and says that he is in no condition, but the ghost leaves it that way, and Brutus looks still more bored till tho ghost- goes out through a white oak door without opening it. At Fhilippi Brutus sees that there is no hope of police interference, and so beforo time is called he inserts his sword into his being and dies, while the polite American audience puts on its overcoat and goes out, looking over its shoulder to see that Brutus does not take advantage of this moment, while the people are going away, to resusci tate himself. Booth and Barrett have the makings of giood actors in them. I met both of these gentlempn in Wyoming some years ago. We met by accident. They were going to Cali fornia. arid I was coming back. By some oversight wo had both selected the same track, and we were thrown together. I do not know whether they will recall my face or not. I was riding on the sleeper truck at the time of the accident. I always take a sleeper, and always did. I rode on the truck because I didn't want to ride inside tho car and have to associate with a wealthy porter who looked down upou me. I am tho man who was found down tho creek the next day gathering wild ferns and. murmuring, 'Where am II' The play of 'Julius Cassar' is one which brings out the meanness and magnetism of Cassius, and emphasizes the mistaken patriot ism of Brutus. It is full of pathos, duplicity, assassination, treaohery, erroneous loyalty, suicide, hypocrisy and all the intrigue, jeal ousy, cowardice and deviltry which charac terized the politics of fifty years B. C., but which now, thanks to the enlightenment and refinement which twenty centuries have brought, aro known no more forevor. Let us not forgetj as-we enter upon tho year 1888, v'vthat it is tf* presi-taitial year, and that all acrimony will under the dew and the daisies, andff&at;, no. matter how high party spirit may run, there will be no per sonal enmity.— Bill Nye in New York World. 