'WITCHCRAFT IX BOMBAY. (EOirBAY GAZETTE.) The belief in witches is not extinct. It is known to be common among the ruder and backward tribes of India, and the burning of a woman taken for a witch or throwing her into a well are not unknown, if they are not com is not so widely known that the belief is an active faith among the more civilised castes and among shrewd and calculating business men who have lived long under the influence of the enlightened native press of Bombay and many of -whom send their sons and daughters to English schools. A. curious case just tried by Mr. Hamilton illustrates this fact in a remark able manner. A respectable lady of the Dasa Oswal caste fell sick and gradually declined. In a short time it began to be rumoured that she was seized by an evil spirit, and her affectionate and dutiful husband cast about for the means of exorcising the unwel come guest. He appears to have found what he wanted in an old Brahman familiar with the powers of darkness and able to subdue the Evil One himself. After the usual delay the scene was arranged and the caste invited to witness the expulsion of the troubled spirit. In a low dark room and in the stillness of night the company assembled to the number of 200 men and women of the first fnmilips of the Dasa Oswal caste. On a low stool covered with cloth were laid flowers, wheat, and rice. A cracked cocoanut -was there in its shell and near by were burning coals from which the smoke of incense curled while ihe dim light of a smaU oil lamp made the darkness visible. The Brahman as the pre siding genius poured out libations of water, sprinkled incense on the fire, and set food before the lores and peiiates of the house. The sick woman lay in the doorway of her room, and an old hag. introduced as a part of the stage properties, sat shivering under clothes heaped on her. In due time, and in response to the invocations of the Brahman, the clang of the cymbals, and in the thicken ing smoke, her shivering became intense as she cried with a loud voice ' I am the devil,' and, in answer to questions, gave tie fliTfiUng information that Batanbai, the sick woman, was bewitched. rfatajibai was brought in and the Brahman, waring his sacred and dirty cloth over ihe head of the foul fiend, bade her be silent and begone, and the old hag shuffled herself under her coverings, and was heard of no more. The attention of the company was now directed to the sick Batanbai. The Brahman pacing before her suddenly stopped, and threw her a flower. Batanbai gradually drew herself up, and with her long loose hajr tmTTgrnjT about her and shivering violently, explained that she was Bhamalbai, a lady of the same caste, and not supposed to be particularly friendly to her. After many questions the restless spirit confessed that she troubled Batanbai because she had promised to give her mangoes to eat and had not done so. The mother of Batanbai then earnestly entreated the spirit to come and eat her mangoes, and kindly explained to the company that she knew the lady and where to find her. Batanbai, growing exhausted, now fell back in a faint, but the company demanded another manifestation of the spirit, and instigated the Brahman to rouse her and go on with his work. The fainting woman was made to sit np, the gods were invoked, 'bubble-bubble, toil and i trouble,' and the flower thrown. Again the fit and again the shakes, and Batanbai now explained, that she was Sundarbai, another respectable aud popular woman of tlie same caste. This time she would answer to none but her husband, and to him she explained that when he was manager of a marriage feast he had put food before everybody except the jealous Sundarbai. She had not fed on the boiled milk and the wedding cake, and she had seized Batanbai to avenge the slight. The sorrowful husband begged forgiveness; it was an oversight for which he had already apologised, and anxiously asked what amends he could make, and what would induce the spirit to cease from troubling and to leave his wife at rest. But the spirit was not be appeased; she de manded a dress, and when that was promised, refused it and wanted nothing, the natural state of spirit*. Then with a moan ehe said ' I am going,' and she went. The magistrate, who was curious to know something about this belief, inquired qf, a witness, and his answers were 'A witch is a ghost — and a ghost is the spirit of a dead person. Sondarbai is alive, and therefore she can't be a witch. Women, however, believe that a witch might- be a living person, but we don't; many women -were present at die ceremony.' These beliefs, it is evident, are shared by men who are shrewd and otherwise sensible. They walk in our midst, they plead in our oonrte, they Jispire to 'fee members of the corporation, and of the native Civil Service, and yet there is a gulf between us. We stand among them, but not of them, and yet we are so far in advance of them. The gaping crowds who attend seances to witness table-turning, spirit rapping, nnd banjo-flying, doubtless cherish the secret belief that these are the work of spirits, and indulge a morbid desire in such communications with the hidden land. We do not speak of mesmerism, clairvoyance, thought reading, or other curious manifestations which rest on a slight basis of nervous sen sitiveness, but even then, though partially explainable in our present knowledge, are popularly believed to be the workings of this spirit to ihe confusion of the materialist. After all it would eeem that disbelief is the privilege of the few and belief Ihe indulgence of the' many. The bounds of knowledge require to be spread wider yet, and the chief difference between the East and the West is in this, that while the East believes instinc tively and nndoubtingly, the attitude of the 'West is that of a cautious scepticism. We falter where they firmly- tread, and .con fidently await the unfolding of the enchanted veil which ehrouds the face of -nature. 