Panoramas and all the other 'Ramas. AN INTERVIEW WITH MR. POOLE. ' Who is Poole ? " The tailor," many people | would say. Such is fame. But there is another Poole who is also famous, namely, Poole the Pano ramisfc, the Stereoramist, the Dioramist, and all the other ramists. Poole and his brothers hare been running panoramas for fifty years j they have at this moment no less than six great panoramas on / the road," as it ia called. Two of these fascinat- ing shows aro now in London : one nightly unwinds xtself in Shoreditch ; the other ia just over the water at Mr. Sanger's establishment, nee Astley's. Being in tho neighbourhood, I called on Mr. Poole. We soon fell to, and the conversation took the fol- lowing form :- - "Then panoramas aro not played out, Mr. Poole?" " Played out ! Not a bit of it. We have six on the road, all doing good business. As each concern employs 30 or 40 people, it must do weil, or we couldn't go on. But panorama business has changed very much since I knew it. A panorama is not self Bupporting, and it must be supplemented by a variety entertainment. Fer instance, we are now running a tour round the world. Say we start with a view of Trafalgar-square, or the Strand, or the Post Office. Hore the serio-comic artist, say, cornea on and sings a stave or two, and then we cross the Irish Channel to Dublin or Killarney, or wherever it may be. Here an Irish ditty-« Tara's Hall,' or ' Tim Finigan's Wake,' say-is not, sir, unappro priate, as I think you will admit. We are no wdue at liverpool. The Cunarder is smoking in the stream, the tender takes us aboard, and then the baritone who is still well-sings 'A Life on the Ocean Wave,' or, ' We AU Love Jack.' At this point another little entertainment ia given, and BO the audience don't get bored by too muck canvas." " What is a stereorama ?" " That is a sorb of a set piece. Bless you, the effects you can get out of panorama«", are endless. We have battle pieces, actions at sea, and a cyclone is quite simple. There isn't a catastrophe we couldn't illustrate, butas wo are always on the road it is difficult to elaborate. What I Bhould like would bo to have a permanent hall in London, and then I could give points to Irving or Harris." " Well, now, how do you manage an action at s?a ?" "_ Well, take the bombardment of Alexandria, which is still popular. The ships are cut out in profile and so are the forts. In each of the guns a pinch of gun-cotton is placed, which makes a fine blaze, and gives off a splendid puff when the cue is given 5 and here is the big drum, you see, for the noise. They like lots of noise. When it is neces- sary to show the glowing track of the bloomiug ?bomb as it hurtles through the air on its mission of death and destruction-why you see its like this. The afore mentioned track to death .and destruction is cut out of the sky and sea. Hsre is one of Arabi's gunners. John, show the -gentleman a fire-box. In this a light is boxed up like the dark lamp of a policeman, just to ahow where it ia wanted, and placed on the end of a stick follows the line of the bomb. When the lethal weapon makes a hit in the fort or on the man-o'-warsuian, the explosion occurs on the tick. Why, ina big scene we may have a_dozen men stationed behind with gnn-cotton, light boxes, magnesium flares, a reg'lar arsenal of thunder, lightning, and fury. I tell you we can do a oyolone cr a tornado equal to nature, right bang up, if not tetter. And from the front it looks well, though I say it that oughtn't, but when the elements are raging round me I feel like the Storm King." "Now what may that curions thing be, Mr. Poole ?" said I, pointing to a couple of wooden drums. "ThatP That's the ripple machine. By the »evolution of those two simple cylinders you get the loveliest ripples on the waters. It is a picture. I don't know whether you have a sweetheart ? No. Well, when you have, sir, bring her here and make love to her by my moonlight ripple.0 I'll lay you five to one she accepts you. It may be the ripple on the bosom of a winding river crimsoned in the sotting sun, or it may be the ripple on the silvor wavelet of the summer sea. Again, it may rise to the billows of the stormy deep, and every night it produces the ahimmering roaring ripple on the face of Niagara. That's a wonderful machine." " How does it work ?" rt a:.. "_""" ;.. j-i," """""","" l,",.;,,"r.u o» ** Sir, are yoit in the panorama business ?" j "Let that pass. What is your most popular piece in the country, Mr. Poole ?" " They always ask for the Sepulchre of the Holy Saviour in Jerusalem. That began our prosperity. To-day it is still popular, with other subjects. Our public soon forgets, I used to show Gordon in Khartoum, and he always got a rousing cheer. Now he's no good-no good !" sighed Mr. Poole. " He's dead," " And Stanley ?" " He's down, too." Dead or out of sight-out o' mind, too. Yes. The panorama business takes the pride out of us. Once under the sod, and who cares for yours truly ? And when I say yours truly-why it may be Gordon's truly, or Gladstone's truly. So make hay while the sun shines is my motto. Take a cigar ?" "I see you have various musical instruments here, Mr. Poole"-pointing to a sot of drumB, a fiddle case, a pair of cymbals, and a horn. " Ah ! Music ia a great power in the panorama. Take that ghost scene. Rouse 'em up, stir their hearts, tune 'ein up to Merry Christmas. There's the snow outside, there's the yule-log on the hearth, there's the wassail-bowl steaming on the hob ; but what do vou want to fill the picture ? What do you think ?" "Soft music? . Something solemn ? 'Christians awake,' that sort of thing, oh ?" " Sir, you've hit it on the head. A four-voice glee. Why, I've seen it draw tears-real tears at the sotto voca. It touches the right chord turns the tear tap on-if I may be allowed the expression." I went round the world last night in two hours at a cost of two shillings, or rather it would have cost two shillings only I had been appointed Extra gpecial Panorama Eound-the-World-in-Two-Hours .. Commissioner, so I had a free run round. 