CHARLEY'S PIDDLE. ? It matter.-ib V'lvhiit v'prihy,.: -ITorth jSoa^tKb'^inmer^oyi^lo ^^br'^b^rijn^jarsuiiv. ffil^fi&WMgitiajua;^ ld'-wiS^hnii -^mbrthAtr-Hb^v^Tjoy; audi ".tf'^ted!him|-: ill', tlieir '.xbii^h Si'dy* ^e;:d v .C«hild; "^afiburht -Vinba? Sillied '-'liim fCharley;;'. tblked -%vith;.him; -epokV'baselines' far-away, ^licrb^ tho&e; ^ylth ^vhoiij these sun- .bufht inea Ibvcd jnoretbau anytliiiig olsein the. . wbrld lived f and.Charley listeu.ccl: to'them/an'd ' heard'what was : heyer.'told to older, less un ^sophisticated..compuuions, for somehow ; hii young.fttce and light, chcerful 'laugli appealed tb'thesemen, and made them connde m him. :Thcre was. even a rumour that Bandy Green, the .tall, awkward widower from the'frontier; had told. Charley about, hw oivii young days, and made the boy's blue eyes brim over at some little; touchpf sentiment. You may, perhaps, say that there is jio tiiiie, no pluce for sentiment araong.big, brawny'mon .preiJared Joraud-expcrieucedm war. • It is not so. : Around curnp-nres, in dim ulacss at night, whoa the tramp, tramp,' tramp of thssejitiy Beems ghostly, and dreary, anil full of warning, there are tales of love, ami sorrow; and lost*, aud hope re rue inhered and toid to listening ears that hear these faintest whisper as greedily ua they do tho awful, <luuth.deliver? ing sound er' cannon; or swift whlstl.5 of tlie ritfe-bali. . : Thus was: Charley, the drummer-boy. a cyclopedia of the gentler thoughts of the soldiers about him. . Often in the dusk.of evening, when flic men wore loitering ubout. the camp,' uud the kindly stars-were peeping fainrlyout above the'white tents, there would come a. little, wailing souud on the breeze, und tlio lLatenew would stop it their game ut cards; or their wild talk, smile. majW a . little, aud aay, 4 That's Charley's •And did auy ona tako the trouble look for the boy, lie might he seun perched up on t ledge of rock, or sitting Hat on tht« ground, fa.li chiu pressed.down, aud his-bow. isi his hand scrapmg dolefully out of his shabby violin all tho.old; oldtuh'es he remeinberod. und eoiuo of .the newer-ones made' for the war, and even some'silly, love- lorn'dilty,-which had cocao:by a ; devious way .aud' a t'eiiri'ul nuschance into camp.-Sb, here aiming the purple shadow's, when the-fire on the outjjusts-Hliuninei-od, and there was a strange quiec around,'while tho crickets chirjied, Charley would play the tunes of peace and happiness, the same as miles, . away they wero beiug plaveii aud siing-by-laughing, careless people iu the crowdod cities, ttlli'd with the rumours of war, not understood, ;but appreciated.' . ' But Charley had never beeu.iii an eugngemontas yet. and the men Raid, *X>on't be so anxious; boy-; it'll all come soon enough !' ;; And it did come soon enough for bim. - Charley wrote to-his aunt that catnp- life was '3UBt the tiling for hitd> only it was too. nibnotoiipuB.. .vHo ;ilsb told the. boys that- his aunt.was. the only. relatiya ho,had iii the .wprid;. -Md^hat^Iic^^iir^Tpinw'bltt'Wb'niUir of* will .aiid. temper,vaiid . that she was l >mortal angry with.him', for going uway from her. fdrT Bbmebow or other,-he guesaed Bbe-' sort' liked him.' That was all he told them, and they got quite a ioko up about * Aunt Teddy,""und often spokb of her to-Charley, a>idtoldhim, whe^i.thoy saw him-writing, to be sure and' send niuch ofithcir love'to her;*- , '. 'You don't know her,' said Charley.' or you •wouldn't.Juike so lijrh* oI it- Why, >he equld •take itny of you sin pi t-handnd, and y know:'whathurt you.' And so lib. wrote often •and often to'-her;* But Charley's fiddlo ! Well; it seomed part of him; He loved it i Ho lovod the niisoruble little tones ho could play on it; he loved .to;sitdown anywhero.and at any t;mand stiike up oiie of tliose little tunes, and..ij 1 ay,.;aiid play, and-play, "till it was a wonder how ...much euduradce catgut has,.not to. mention human fingers and patience. He would pat his fiddle almost as.though it were a little chiid^.'audhia blue.eves would flashes his-hand ewi.-pt .on the'stringi. . An I the time ' weut ou ;. and the'intervals-.of Charley's .drum-taps. his', fiddle tobkit'iip. • The'day came when there wero preparations for a battle going on: the enemy.-.wer '" rounding thorn.;-.and,'Charley was .glad, quiet.'- -r •• •:•. .. -r : ^ '. •'.••Tlicre was less time for-fuu inoamp'no\ picket.duty was not sentimental any inor. cbptthat it .was .tragic; Two men-had ^beeii picked off by. scouts, and .tlie .grim faces of the •boys looked death when they heard. Yet one pleasant, cooLnigh^, while the Jong, .'white streets ofthe cdujp glistened in thenioon- ;light,.aud it was -not yet time for the. men. tc. •turn in, ! Charier was eeen by Sandy . Green busily Avriting'a letter on hisdrum-bead:. ' ' -.•For: Aunt Ted," Ohfii-Iey?' askea.'.Saudy Green. . And the boy. nodded^ and laughed.- . • ^Thentlie old man stood there watch ing.. him. for*, long time;, He. &w.; the.pleasarit; : brdwh'j face, with the.blue eyes bent o'ver- the'.writing— and helwasaroug^dvcry.. rough man; inind iyou- tall,.ungainly, 'red-hairedbackwoods-1'^ ,4uu»,'older:'tliaa'aiddielife,-too-j and.one'toT 1 whom trquble''wa9 no account, bocause- it must: ^surmounted.-.Aiid yet ho stood hereViattie 1 early moonlight, watching the druinmorboy writiug a letter to an old woman. Charley looked up whoa he had finished. • Ho. Sundy! you thoro vut!' ftaid ho. Then ho folded the letter, uud directed it. • Sandjv I'll give it tn you to see posted for ine. Will you do it? You've cot-more chanccs than I have.' So Sandy took thclottur, and uaid,n6 ho turned to Charley: ' Do you know, boy, that wo oxpeel a ficrimraugo to-morrow V Vos, Charley know it, and he was glad. 33o got Sandy Green to tell him all over again about tho battles that had hueu fought hoforo; he hstened, and was bright aud chirpy ovrr the Ktories; und tho oldvr man warmed with his subject, watched the light in tho boy's eyeu,and onded by patting him on the bock. •lou'll do, Charley he said. 4 Aud now gtveue a tune, for who knows—well, give us a time J' So Charloy brought his fiddle, and aat down ithe Bide of liis dnnn: and Sundy laid his sprawling length on the ground, his head ou his hand. Then a tune, light and gay, went forth from the little fiddle! And the tune went on and on, till the 6tars blinked, and grew last night.- There was a slight pause, and then, quietly, pluintivuly on the pleasant air cnnie tlio old tune of 4 Home) Swoet Homo, 1 softly and slowly played,' filling the nil- urnim'l, ;uid touching il'li kind tingut-s the hearts of tho listeners, ho Iviv'a huad dropped over lus fiddle as ho eat there balanced.on thedrum, JindSandy Green's -hand, wda'pressea hrw^di^td lash^ad. '.: ; Aaid the„ tuno.wont:on and oni-.'Jtnd^ the.- sfaos. .aparJdodj'v tlio .cri(^ets' cliiiped;.T^ . whoii, till -air o'acdj'.a b'ugfe . : sbuiidedi'. .a^ccmlused .noiso wds" horiio:1xj^eun.;'SMdy,wasbu-liisfcQt, Charley's dram was iu-his 3iahd~imd tho : oueuiy was oil tlieml • Who can tell.of,.the, ..droaiy .uurprise, of the torriblo fight'df that'nighi, carried fai'iiito tho beautiful moniingi when innocent daisies .avere red aiid horrible to look at;.':.and the leaves, oftrees wero blackened uud scdi^ioii hy 'powdbr ? Who. cda .toll' of. tlio .wild, lithirclied:faces; tinned sightlessly, up to the aky.:. the dead hands. clutching tlie grass; the Boiled odd torn clothing -pierced-with it little w hole; whence life had iiutleredout? Lbngiutdtbe day.it lostaa; andthoro were no more birds' .songs head. The •whito Btreojs of the cjuup wore gouo, and a confused'mass of men, souic wounded, aud allbitter, wero here instead. Aiid the fight hiid ended, the enemy had disappeared, and these men wen: —victorious. Throughout the fight they all remembered to lvehcard tho drum. TJs.<eyremembered seeiug jouug Charloy hatless, his lithe, boyish form in the thickest of the . figiit, for thero hud been sinoil'drder-rrit coiild not ,be otlienyiae. And somo of tliein . said "ho had been socu with a musket in his hand, loading und firing, brave und-soldierly.-' -But iiow. there was a silenco;' theso were not hia druui-taps. And somebody else sounded the rolfas tneae men stood up to answer to :their names, ' There were many gaps in the roll—niiinv en who would. answer to but ono roll-call mdre-^themighty lioll of the Last " And, when Charley's name was called there iB.no response.; and many eyes turned to other, eyes in mute iumiivy. So ou the roll went; and at Inst Sandy Green's, naino wa«. eillnd—no. answer. Again it was culled, aud then—then Sandy Green's voice uuswei-ed from faraway, aiid fchoy saw him coining, limping up. the hill. Cluirley ou his shoulders, white and wild. The men bbeercd—yes, they did— they cheered ! And Sandy stood , in tho midst of theui, his leg wounded by a ball, and told how. lie.hail been found by Charley when a baybnet wus going to make an end of liiin, but that . Charley hod. uied bis. own bayonet 'to dreadful purpose, and,Sandy had boeii saved. . '• But, stnuige;to suy, tlie hoy had not seemed to; recogniso him. . Sundy bad taken :him on liis shoulder, for tlie boy had grown faint and white;had called.-liis name - ;, but a blank look was aU'-t.ho reply. hiShad rb'cewed. Charley's Tnmdli'adstdppqd. -.There. lie was, looking , at tlie men/a smile on his fuce, biit an unmeaning hghtiu.bis blue eyes... They looked'at him, they shook hiru by the hand; .but' lie biid nothing—he rccognised one.'." : . ••.; • ••.•'..•'. .':»• The surgeon-came, and:shook hib.Jicad. . •,,;>:rright !'. J he.saia.i . TisB at Sandy; Green'cried: :•:..-. . 'b'^l t's:ailiuj .beggihgyour paidonl."' The -l)by- ^"S^oir^^^EU^thatj? it^madb 'suiali; *"a}fferencc?to. Chariey.V'Day 'by;djiy3' : ;as.; thjs : porttbir : of the amy.made eh trim ch i u euts'where th ey.were; aiid propareii for \viut'urquaite'ra,"for'thisi)ojutniust -beguaidod, Charley loitered about the hospital, not siek. not ailing, but with his tniud clouded. One of tho ^oys had hunted for liis fiddle, but only tlie fragments and the strings were left, and these Saudy Green, had'taken charge of, as •lie.lay in his cot; for, said he, 'The sight of thoso things might make the hoy worse.' The surgeons studied the case. It was to them: a fine opportunity for experiment; and experiment Ihuy did, uitduiado uotlungof it; And still Charley smiled, und weut about soemingly happy, knowing no one, speaking tc no ouo, mi&smgnothing; ho had before known. The mcn, when they inothbn, culled out, 1 Hi; Charley !' and ho f.ecmed to be pleased at that —nothing more. ' Often they wouldkrok at him, speak oi him, for you see they liad all so liked lurii, Aud Sandy Greeu was grieved at heart, though his manner was as grulf und rude ever. '.Altera while the'surgeons came to it strange conclusion. They smM that tho life of Charley, from the first eurpri?.» on that eventful evening that night when he had seen a tight, y hl^nk. They said thuro was no bridge to ncet the time before, and tho time after that terrible experience. Thoy citod vast authorities, and confubed tlieii<ai!lves about them, aud so fai confused Sandy Green, who was hobbling about, that the rough man looked oti Chariey though lie were a ghost. One day Sandy Gr^en, feeling iu his pockct, found the letter which Charley had writteu to Aunt Teddy, and which had never been posted, aud had been forgotten ever since. At sight of it. lie weut for paper uud pencil immediately. That night hu tuld the boys ho had written to Charley's auilt, getting the direction from Charley's unposted letter. • Aunt Tuddy's coming to camp, boys,' said Homo of.tbom, in faint remembinncy of their old humour, over Chariev'a rehitjve. 'Sandy Grecii has writteu to her, tolling her <dl about tho boy.* .. Lo! lo! A few days after, a tall apparition, gaunt aud grim, dniped in grey, made its appearance iu the hospital, asking for Churioy Morgan; und in less th tit nuhouritwaskuowzx M over that Charley's Aunt Teddy had All who could SiLuutcred pu&t; tho window, just to poop at her. But they did cot go twice, lor her fievec look was eoiuething dv«;idful; and it was overy where at once. They were afraid of her. The might face the ouemv, but Aunt Teddy was something more. And Charley ? She just-went up to the poor lad, ami took hii face between her two bony hands. \- ' Charley!' she said. And . he turned h smiling, meaningless face to. her, and laughed low, and did not kuow her. . qiiietlv down; and- rocked horsclf to •and jfo. ; NoAunt K, .Teddy could do liothiiig ^elthor. So the days wore on. and some of the boys saw her sitting beside Charley, holding ]118 hund in hers, and looking fiereoly about her like a lioness guarding, lfer yountf. She would not have him stir from her, and ho seemed perfectly contented beside h'ev. . . And whrii the men s-iw her sitting tin. fierce und on guard, holding the boy's hand in her own. and lie smiling and happy.looking, they felt»lu .ip iu their throats: and iti a way they, respected Aunt Teddy more than if she had erica over liitu, culling hiin loving names, for they saw. strength .here, like their own— strength of protection. And, do you know, it was said that when Sandy Green saw her coming in that day. he hobbled out as last. as be could, and with a white face; and ho would not go near her when she asked, for tho man who had written her about Charley. He, too, was afraid of her— the gaunt, grim apparition To tlie doctors she was a little : ciliating; atnl, although she told chei they did their business, .. , yot, „ . when i of them. leaned d-swn, and tried to take Charley's hand from hers to give it a friendly shake she said: 1 Don't, pleuse!. Iwantto hold him to me, for he's ail I've got.' • Aud the doctor cbuM not help grasping hers, with a great, choke in his throat. . .' If we could awaken Charley to.some memory of the past/ said this doctor to her one day— 4 if wo coiild bring liiin back, to the day. beforethe fight—if ho could recogniso something ho ha'd-kiiowu then, we might save him, perhaps.' ' 'I'm Tjot a rich womnn. 5 was tho reply, 4 but I'll writo this instance to my agent to sell my house. And that money—all 1 have in tho world—I'll give to the man who brings niy boy :bacjf tome.'. - : Now this was duly, rcportedabout camp—all this androore. And'it was toldto Sandy Green, among others. Ho shook his head gruffly. 3ut in the middle'oi tho night Sandy G: rose up like one possessed; and searched around, and found an old, flat cigar-box. : All the. hext .day he' worked at the box, worked mysteriously, andkeptlookftrs^n For two days^he eoupedatft. .On the third j Charley ,waB to go away with his auat, for she had determined to.tcie him homo, 0:i this last ovcuiug Sandy Green was sees lurking about tho hospital; and once, when Aunt Teddy rose and went to see about somo tiual preparations for departure, he darted in, caught Cnarlov by the hand, uud limping swiftly away with linn, took him to a knoll lur off— took him to a drum laid siduwise on the ground, and Keating him there, pulled out a cigar-bos. shaped rudely liko a violin, the strings of Charley's own lost inetramout atretehod upon it. Then ho brought out a Tough bow. Charloy sat down there, and smiled vaguely up at the sky. Sandy drew the bow ucroaa the strings, but heforo he could ropoat it, a rustling noiso was heard, and thero was Aunt Teddy, frightened out of her wiU ot misbing Cltarloy, :uid she was followed by half tlie boys, tho two surgeons muong thorn. Sandy Groan raided his haud to warn thom. Thoy stopped, motionless. Then slowly, laboriously, out ou tho pleasant oven ing air come the old tune of ' Home, Swoet Homo,' rudely uud brokenly played; but there it was —there it wus! Tho Piuilc on Charley's face fadod out, like the li«ht of the iynis fnium. A startled uxpression caino instead: be leaned forward—he listened. . Tho boys pressed closer and closer, Saudy Green's fingers trembled bo that ho could scarcoly hold tho impromptu'fiddle. All at once, all ut ouco, two tears rolled »wn Charley's faco; he started up, looked confusedly about him, opened his lips. ' Auut Toddy 1' he cried; Ic was saved.,, His aunt wus kuoalmg at -his feet: hugguig his kuoes, crying wjldly. • ^fflsf^^rdocWiK'^t-up'tov&wdy;:. Greett, ; andshobkhim by . the Jian'd, for he had;done.. moraih'au 'they could do, onu they owned to it.; .Th'en'they all, ovory inau of them, went; up to ' Sdndy, and wrung his haad. . He hadlot the fiddle fall to the ground, .and-his rough face was seamed with tears. . . fHere!—somebody load me to Sandy Green I'- • cried a voico, the voice of Charley's annt, ' for "' can't see, I'm crying so. hard; and my legs « clean gonefrem me I? . . .. And Aunt Teddy , was marched up to him, but not beforo Charley had caught both Sandys .hands-in his. /. And wlmt did Aunt Teddy do? SUo just threw __ jr aimsaroundSan dy Green's neck, and gavo -him.a sounding kiss, before'ull the boys too! And from ascore ol strong- throats camo a. cry': '"*••'•. * Three cheers for Sandy Green—ntid a tigor ! r And she uhook hands with them, evory one. Aunt Toddy did not hbvo to «c!l her house, »a reward for *uny one who could save her " boy.'- " io cignr-box fiddlemay still be 60en there— and often i« seen there by' Sandy Greeu and' others—und it is christened 4 Ct£AEclip's Fiddle.'—Weekly Budget, 