"'THE CENTENNIAL MAGAZINE. : To Wost Australians, the article of most interest in the August number of the Centén-. nial Magazine will be that by Sir Thomas Campbell, on " Western Australia and hor political aspirations." Having already rc- j published it at length in this papor, it is not necessary to Bay much of its contents, j Those who have read it and at tho samo time have a competent knowledge of thc sub» jeot, will admit that the article is a model of masterly condensation, and that no fuller or more general knowledge of tho colony could be imparted in the same space. Mr. W. B. Wors fold discourses on a topic of perennial interest, "the modern ghost/' TaUiner up the text of the PsyohioalBesoaroh Society, ho urges that a ghoßt when1 'fóñhd, Bhoúld bo made a note of, iu other words that tho chain of ovidouoo should as far as possible be rendered complete by tbe description in writing, of the soper natural visitation, directly after _it has occurred. In cases where warning has been given of illness, sudden death, or accident, such testimony would be invaluable, but .hitberto-it has" proved tobo- theTnissingiink. Another articlo, on a somewhat cognate theme, is by Mr. James Inglis, M.P., I on Indian conjuring. The marvellous feats I of Eastern jugglers are a twice told tale to , most of us, but one that will bear repeating, ' and Mr. Inglis succeeds admirably in his task. Mr. G. B. Barton writes feelingly on " the status of literature in New South Wales; How the Government look at it." The Government, it is evident, do not look at it from Mr. Barton's standpoint, nor indeed from that of literary men generally.' In - fiction a new story by Bolf Boldrewood is begun, and gives every promise of running an interesting course. "The Unseen Poe," ¡ short story, is brought to : an abrupt "and painful conclusion by the disappearance of the heroine from the bridge of a steamboat. The illustrations are fully up to the standard we have learned to expect from this i well equipped monthly, and the general , result, both literary and artistio, of tho. August num- ber, is rexoellent. . * .. :'¡ '." ¡. 