'Magna est veritas et praevalebit.' SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1889. The Last of the Sub-equatorial ? Monarchies. ?-sn Dum Pjjdko IF., of Brazil, has been; tle \- ported, aud, in company with )a more than 'comfortable pension and a satisfactory amount of hard cnsli. is on his way to Eurone. where he will probably pass the remainder of his days in' the cultured and artistic circles he lms always affected. At the present, moment tho dwellorn south of the. line ennnot raise a resident, monarch amongst thorn, unless we fall back upon King Qi.Asi.uioo, of South Africa, orn New Guineu or Northern Australian chieftain. Accustomed ns wo always have been to look upon South America as the hot-bed of revolu tions and counter-revolutions, tho lute epi sode in Brazil differs so materially from the conventional pronunoiamenta that, one would at first affiliate it with the telegraphic hoax perpetrated on us some time ago, in refer ence to an alleged outbreak in Mexico, if the news had not been amply confirmed,. Dom Peduo was, as monarohs go, n very credit able specimen, far superior to most of the crowned heads of Europe, and it probably is tho result of such amiability of character th'n't he leaves the shores of his kingdom under, what may be called, favorable auspices. In fact his ' send off' closely resembles the uomniounlacelpave-taking-ofthe local clergy man ; all details bein-r present, including1 the purse of sovereigns, and the visit to Europe tor the good of his health. Doubtless the illuminated address with a border of native flowers has also been on hand when the cur tain fell on Dom Pedro's exit. Jastks Monroe, fifth President ot the United (states of America, is supposed to have promulgated a doctrine that American soil should be the home of Republics only ; mouarcuiul institutions not being allowed a curuer. By the departure of the Brazilian kin^r Mdnuok's unquiet shade is doubtless soothed, and the Dominion of Canada alone remains to vex it or him. The Moxuok doctrine, which wan founded on the idea, we arc this day, mutatis mutandis, repeating, 'America for the Americans,' has been through lapse of lime greatly misunderstood. Tho famous pnsaage in whii-h ho proclaimed his policy runs as follows : — Wo owe it. therefore, to candour, and to Hie amicable relations existing lietwoen tho United Status and those power* to declare Hint we should consider any attempt on their part to extend their system to any portion o£ our hemisphere as danger ous to our peace and safely. With Hie existing colonies or dependencies of any European power we have not interfered, and shall not interfere, l'ut with the fiovornments who liavo declared their independence, and maintained it, and whose inde poudence wu Inw. on great consideration ami on just principles, acknowledged, \v« could not view any interposition for the purpose of oppressing them, or controlling in any other manner their destiny. by any European power in any other 1 i^»lit rliaii as the manifestations of 'an unfriendly disposition towards the United States. Mii.vKOK acted i|iiitu ('in tln- tittji-iisivi' in tlm niutter. In 132u after the overthrow ol Napoi.kon, Tviissin, Austria, l'Vanoo iiu-l Prussia formed what was known as ' Tin1 Holy Alliance ' tins ohjrcr lieinir to put down revolutions! How well Russia lias succeeded the fate of the late' Czur'aini tlm present state of tho country shows. England probably would have had a linyer in the pie, but. the suicide of Lord Oasti.hhbaoii on the eve of his departure, to join the ctoileroiiee resulted in her standing aloor. At that time the Spauish colonies in America were iu revolt, and Monkoe's doctriue. which was then accepted by I he Senate, was to solely defeat any attempts of the Holy Alliance to compel, by. force, tb« return of the revolted colonies to their allegiauce ; it, was never needed to be carried out, and prac tically has since been allowed to lapse by t-lto States, as France was permitted to intorpoBo in Mexican affairs, and Maximilian met his fate, without the active interference of the States being provoked. Time, however, ' has brought about its own reveugos,' and tho aucicut President, could he -return, would be able to' view a southern continent of republics, although certainly not remarkably quiet ones. ' Tho progress and development; of the provinces of South America are of groat interest to us; for of all conutries in the world we mostly resemble them in climate and natural formation. The resemblance is not strong, but it exists, and it is quite possible that we shall be rivals in many branches of commerce, that, appropriately, are common to each. Wool-growing and lueat-prescrviug are . industries that our Franco-Pacific neighbours will seek to com pote in with us, and in which we shall have to put our best foot foremost, to hold our own. A change from a conservative form of government to a republican is apl to bring many other changes in its train, aud abovo all a spirit of emulation and a desire to com pote successfully with older nations is at once aroused, and the newly awakened people look eagerly round for the latest scientific aids to them in their onward progress. This feeling spreads and we shall probably see the people of South America as keenly alive as we .are in tlieir appreciation of all pastoral improve-, nients; in the breeding1 of slock and in the application of 'science to industrial develop; ment. Tho downfall of this last nionnrchy, peacefully as it has been accomplished, marks a step forward from old traditions, and the many republics of South America may, if they can possibly bury old rancorous feuds, aupiro to such a Dominion as we aro uow con templating, and in that case would become sturdy competitors in the bid for the Homo murkcts, as they could then offer the stability of government, the want of whioh hut: so long retarded their progress, and checked the progross of foreign cupital. The cause of Dom Peijhu is not likely to bo espoused by the parent kingdom of Portugal. The days when great nations in terfered in the interests of their neighbours' ' dynasties are piwt and gone, and the king's and kinglets of Europe are only too happy to \ lie allowed to retain their own thrones secure, ' without troubling about a loss fortunate , brother, who has become the victim of a , bloodlc.-i revolution, aiid that mute, intangible, but stiil aJl-puivorful force known a« the ; '?'.spirit of the,' age,' .There is little doubt \ that a republican form of government is most .suited to the Southern teniporuuicuit ; psssibly there may be u natural feeling of amusement in substituting one president lor another which is more gratifying than that of sotting up and pulling dowu kings, but ono alter another Spain and Portugal Imvn seen thuir colonies leave them and start an independent life, until wo now witness the Icoliiifr for freedom asserting itself in t!ic quiet deportation of Pedko. II., whose only fault siictns to has o been that of royal descent. Apparently, however, the deposed monarch was not happy in his domestic relntions ; an element of bigotry in tho character of his probable successors is said to have been tho cause of the outbreak, and this explains much: Tho republican assertion of independence, oncu aroused brooks no restraint ; the priestly yoke will no moru be borne than the kingly one, and this bus been (he history of all revolutions, peaceful or otherwise. Liberty of action must be accompanied by liberty of tho-jgbl.1 The idea of u bigoted ruler succeeding the gentle minded 'Pedro, whose heart was in his library, would be quite enough to fire the hlnod'ofnn excitable populace and an idle soldiery, and lead to the crowning oblation to the ghost of Monhoe being poured out. The new Republic of Brazil thus .comes into form and being and will, we trust, work cordially with its sisters of the great new world of the South iu the aspirations of peace, and common weal. 