LEGENDS ABOUT TREES. Trees, in the earlier stages of society, have uniformly been tho fertile subjects of poetical and mythological (illusion. Many of tho prettiest legends of heathen an tiquity, as well hs of our Christian pro genitors relate to trees; ■while pouts in nil countries and ages have borrowed from them their most brilliant images and com parisons. Some of these Tnned allusions, cleaned from various quarters, -wo have hero set down, in tho .belief that they will lit- interesting to our.readi'rc. We begin with the 'apple-tree, sosingu larly connected with the first transgression anil fall of man, and distinguished alike in the mythologies of the lireeks, Scandi navians, and Druids. The golden fniits of the Hesperides, which it was one of the labours of Hercules to procure in spite of the sleepless dragon which guarded them, were believed by the pngans to be apples. Hercules was worshipped by the Thelmns under the name of Miiiiis (from the Greek Melon, an apple), and apples were offered at his altars. In the Scandinavian Kdda we are told that the goddess lduna bad the care of apples which had the power of conferring immortality, and which were consequently reserved for the god?, who ate of them when they l>e.~an to feel them selves growing old. I'ho evil spirit, Loke, took away lduna and her nppie-treo and hid them in a forest, where they could not be found by the gods. In consequence of this malicious theft everything went wrong in tho world. The gods liecamo old and infirm, and, enfeebled both in body and mind, no longer paid the same attention to tho affnirs of the earth, and men, having no one to look after them, fell into evil courses and l>ecame tho prey of the evil spirit At length the gods, finding matters get worse and worse every day, roused their last remains of vigour, anil combining together, forced Loko to restore tho tree. The Druids paid particular reverence to th« apple-trco because the mislcloe wns supposed to grow only on it and the oak, and also on account of tho usefulness of its fruit. In consequence of this feeling, the applo was cultivated in Britain from the earliest age of which wo lmvo any record, and Glastonbury was called tho applo orchard, from the quantity of apples grown there, previous to the time of the Kotnans. Jlany old rites and ceremonies aro therefore connected with this tree, some of -which aro practised in tho orchard districts even at the present day. The wassail bowl, drunk on All Hallow Fen, Twelfth Day Ere, Christmas Eve, and on other festivals of the Church, was com pounded of ale, sugar, nutmeg, and roasted apples, which every person partook of, each taking out an apple with a spoon and then drinking out of the bowl. The custom of bobbing for apples on All Hallow K'cn, and on All Saints^ Day, which was formerly common over all England, 13 still prac tised in some ports of Ireland. A kind of hanging-beam, which was continually turning, was suspended from the .roof of the room, and an apple placed at one end and a lighted candla at the other. Tho parties having their hands tied behind them and trying to catch the apples with their mouths, frequently caught tho • candle instead. In Warwickshire apples are tied to a string and caught at in the same man ner; but the lighted candle is omitted, and in the same county children roast apples on a string on Christmas Eye; the first who can catch an apple tvhen it drops from tho string getting it. In Scotland apples are put into a tub of water and then bobbed for with the mouth. . The oak appears early to havo been an object of worship among tho Celts' and ancient Britons. Under tho form of tilts tree tho Celts -worshipped their pod Baal, the Celtic god of fire, whoso festival (that of Yule) was kept at Christmas,-was also worshipped under the semblance of an oak. The Druids professed to maintain perpetual Ore, and once ovcry year-all tho fires belonging to tho people were extinguished and re-lighted from tho sacred fire of their priests. This wns the origin of tbo Yule log, with which, even so lately as tho middle of last century the Christmas firo in some parts of the country was always kindled, a fresh log being thrown on and lighted, but token off before it was consumed, and reserved to kindle the Christmas firo of the following year. ThoYulo log was always of oak, and as the ancient Britons believed that it was essential for their hearth-fires to bo renewed every year from the sacred fire of the Druids, so their descendants thought that some misfortune would befall them if any accident happened to tho Yule Tho worship of the Druids was generally performed under an oak, and a heap of stones or cairn -was erected on which the sacred firo was kindled. Before the cere mony of gathering tho mistletoe Uie Druids fasted for several days and offered sacrifices in wicker lmskets or frames, which, how ever, were not of willow, but of oak twigs curiously interwoven, and were similar to that still carried by Jack-in-the-green on May-day, ■which, acconling to some, is a relic of Druidism. Tho well-known chorus of " Hey, deny down," according to Pro fessor Burnet, was a Druidic chant, signi fying literally, " In a circle the oak move around." Criminals were tried under nn oak tree, tho judge with the jury being seated under its shade, and the culprit placed in a circle made by the chief Druid's wand. The Saxons also held their national meetings under an oak; and the celebrated conference Ktween the Saxons and the Britons after tho invasion of the former was held under the oaks of Dartmoor. The mistletoe, particularly that which grows on tho oak, was held in great vene ration by the Britons. At the beginning of their year, the Druids went in solemn pro cession into tins forests, and raised a grass altar at the foot of the fini'st oak, on whiclr tlii-v inscribed the names of thoso gods which were considered as themost powerful. After this the chief Druid, clad in v white garment, ascended the tree, and cropped the mistletoe with a consecrated gcldun prun ing-honk, the other Druids receiving it in a pure whitn cloth, which they held beneath the tree. The mistletoe was then dipped in water by the principal Druid, tad distri buted among the people, as a preservative against witchcraft and deseasts. If «ny part of the plant touched the ground, it was considered to be the omen of some dreadful misfortune which -was about to fall upon the land. The ceremony -was always per formed when the moon was six days old, and two white bulls were sacrificed at the conclusion. In Scandinavian mythology, Loke, the evil spirit, is said to hive made the arrow with which he wounded Balder (Apollo), the son of Friga (Vsnus), of mistletoe branches. Balder was charmed against injury from everything which sprang from fire, earth, air, and water; but the mistletoe, springing from neither, was found to be fatal, and Balder was not re stored to the world till by a general effort of the other gods. The magical properties of the mistletoe are mentioned both by Virgil and Ovid. In the dark ages a similar belief prevailed; and even to the present day the peasants of llnlsttin, and gome other countries, call the mistlutoe the "spectre's wand," from the supposition, that holding a branch of mistletoe will not only enable a man to see ghosts, but to force them to speak to him. Tho custom of kissing under the mistletoe at Christmas has been handed down to us by our Saxon ancestors, who, on the restoration of Balder, dedicated the plant to their Venus (Friga), to place it entirelvunder her control, and to prevent it from being again used against her as an instrument of mischief. In the feudal ages it was gathered with great solemnity on Christmas eve, and hung up in the great hall with loud shouts and re joicing. The holly, like W)meotherevergreens,has Inngbeen used at Christmas for ornamenting churches and dwelling-houses. It appears to have been llrst mailo use of for this pur pose by the early Christians at Home, and was probably adopted for decorating the churches at Christmas, because holly was used in the great festival of the Saturnalia, which occurred about that period. It was customary among the Romans to send boughs of holly, during the Saturnalia, as emblematical of good wishes, with the gifU they presentwl to their friends at that season; and the holly came thus to bo con sidered as an emblem of peace and good will. The ivy was dedicated by the ancients to Bacchus, whose statues aro generally found crowned with a wreath of its leaves, and as the favourite plant of tho god of wine its ' praises have been snug by almost nil poets 1 whether ancient or modern. Many reasons have been given for the consecration to Bacchus of this plant. Borne poets say that it was because tho ivy has the effect of dissipating the fumes of wine; others, because it was once his favourite yotttli, Cissus; and others, becauso it is said Hint the ivy, if planted in vineyards, will destroy tho vines, and Hint it was thus doing nn acceptable service to Hint plant to tenr it nj> nnd wreath it into chnplets and garland.''. The most probable, however, iocmSto bo that the ivy is found at Jfyssa, the reputed birthplace of Bacchus, and in no other port of lndin. The ancient Greek' priests presented a wreath of ivy to nowly mnrried persons ns a symbol of tfiocluscncis of the tie- which ought, to bind them' together, and Ptolemy I'hilopater, king of Kgypt,. ordered nil the Jews who would abjure their religion and attach themselves to the superstitions of his country, to be branded with an ivy leaf. The ivy is symbolical of friendship, from the closeness of its adherence to the trees on which it has once fixed itself; hence, also, it has become a favourite device for penis, some of tho best of which are a sprig of ivy -with tho motto," I die- where I attach myself," and n fallen tree covered with ivy, with tho words, "Even ruin ennnot separate us." Ivy is the, badge of tho Clan Gordon. Tho jasmine is no Ics3 celebrated for tho' delicacy of its odour and flowers than for tho pretty love legend connected with ita European history. Tho custom which pre vails in Borne countries of brides wearing jnsmino flowers in their hair, 13 said to have arisin from tho following circum stance:—Agrandduko of Tuscany had, in IGO9, a plant of the dcliciously-sccntcd jas mino of Goa, which he wns so careful of, that ho would no suffer it to bo propagated. His gardener, however, being in lovo with a peasant girl in tho neighbourhood, gave her ft sprig of this choice plant on her birthday; nnd ho having taught her how to make cuttings, she planted tho sprig as a memorial of his affection. It grow rapidly, and every ono who saw it, admiring its beauty and sweetness, wished to have a plant of it. Theso tho girl supplied from cuttings, nnd sold them so well, ns to obtain enough of money to enable her to marry her lover. Tho young girls of Tuscany, in remembrance of this adventure, always deck themselves on their wcdding-Uny with a nosegay of jasmine; and they have a proverb," that sho who is worthy to wear a nosegay of jasmine, is as good as a for tune to her husband." The myrtlo was nn especial favourite among tho ancients, by whom it was held sacred to Venus. Tho name is said to have been takonfromthatofityrsine.an Athenian maiden, a favourite of Minerva, who, Buffer ing lovo to overpower her wisdom, was changed into a myrtlo by her pffended mis tress, and taken pity on by Venus. Others say that Venus, when she first sprang from the bosom of tho sea, had a wreath of myrtlo round her head.' Tho temples of this goddess were always surrounded by groves of myrtle; and in Greece she was adored under tho mime of 3lyrtilln. Pliny says that the Romans and Sabincs. when tlioy were reconciled, laid down their arms under a myrtle tree nnd purified themselves with its boughs.. Wreaths of, myrtle were the symbols of authority worn. by tho Athenian magistrates, and sprigs of it were entwined wifli the laurel wreaths worn by those conquerors, during their triumphs, who had gained a victory without bloodshed. The rose has been a favourite subject with tho poets in nil countries and in all ages, and in mythological allusions it is equally fertile.. It was dedicated by the Greeks to Aurora as an emblem of youth from its freshness and reviving fragrance; nnd to Cupid as an emblem of fugncity and danger from tho fleeting nature of its charms and the wounds inflicted by its thorns. It was given by Cupid to Ilarno crntes, tho god of silence, 03 a bribe to prevent him from betraying the amours of Venus; hence it wns adopted as a symbolical of silence. The rose was for this reason frequently sculptured on the ceilings of drinking and feasting rooms as a warning to guests that what was said in moments of conviviality should not be repeated; from which wluit was intended to lw kept secret was said to bo told " under the rose." The Greek poets say that the rose was originally white, but that it was changed to red—according to some, from the blood of Venus, who lacerated her feet with its' thorns -when rushing to the aid of Adonis, and according to others, from tho blood of Adonis himself. The fragrance of the rose is said by the poets to bo derived from a cup of nectar thrown over it by Cupid, and its thorns to be tho strings of tho bees with which tho arc of his bow was strung. Another fable relating to the birth of the rose is, that Flora, having found tho dead body of ono of herfavourito nymphs, whose beauty could only be equalled by her virtue, implored the assistance of all tho gods and goddesses to aid her in changing it into a flower which all others should acknowledge to be thefr queen. Apollo lent tho vivifying power of his beams, Bacchus bathed it in nectar, Vertumnus pave its perfume, Po mona its fruit, and Flora herself its diadem of flowers. A beetle is often represented on antique gems as expiring surrounded by roses, and this is supposed to be an emblem of a man enervated- by luxury—tile !>eetlc being said to have 6uch an antipathy to roses that tho smell of them will causo its death. Among the Itomans tho rose was an especial favourite. They garnished their dishes with it, wore garlands of it at their fen*U, strewed their banqueting apartments with its leaves, and their ladies used rose water n« a perfume. Throughout tho East it was still more extensively celebrated; tho poetical allusions and legends relating to the rose being numerous enough to fill an ordinnry volume. That which represents the nightingale as singing for its love, is perhaps the prettiest, and has given rise to some of the most exquisite verses both in our own and in the Persian language. The origin of the fable is thus told in the Ldmjucujc of Sloicers:—" In a curious frag ment by the celebrated poet, Attar, entitled JSul/ml JVnmeA—the Hook of the Nightin gale—all tho birds npjiear befere Solomon, and charge the nightingale with disturbing their rest, by the broken nnd plaintive strains which ho warbles forth nil tho night in a sort of phrensy and intoxication. The nightingale is summoned, questioned, nnd acquitted by tho wise king, because the bird assures him that bis vehement love for the rose drives him to distraction, and causes him to break forth into thoeo passionate and touching complaints which nre laid to his charge." Tho Persians also assert that "the nightingale'inspring flutters round the rose bushes, uttering incitsant complaints, till, overpowered by the strong scent, he drops stupitled on tho ground." Tho Catholic Church has also added con siderably to the legendary history of the rose. A golden roso was considered 80 honourable a present, that none but crowned heads were thought worthy cither to give or to receive it Koses of this kind were sometimes consecrated ■by the Popes on (iood Friday, and given to such poten tates as it was their particular interest or wish to load with favours; the (lower itself being nn emblem of the mortality of the body, nnd the gold of which it was com posed, of tho immortality of tinl soul. The custom of blessing the rose is still preserved in Homo, and tho day on which the cere mony is performed is called "Dominica in Rosa." T!.<? rnso wns always considered ns a mystical emblem of the Catholic Church, ami enters into t!ic composition of most of their ecclesiastical ornaments. As a symbol of beauty and innocence, it was customary, in some countries, to award a crown of roses to the girl who should be acknow ledged by all the competitors to Im> the most amiable,"moilest, nnd dutiful in their native village—a custom which, till lately, was annually performed in some districts of France. In the middle ages, the knight^nt a tournament wore a rose embroidered on their sleeves, ns nn emblem that gentleness should accompany courage, anil that beauty was the reward of valour. About this period, the rose was considered so precious in France, that in several parts of the country none but the rich nnd powerful were allowed to cultivnte it; but in later times we find it mentioned among tho rights of manors, that their owners wenl em powered to levy a tax, or tribute, on their tenant.*, of so many bushels of roses, which wen: used not only for making rose-water, but for covering the tables with, instead of napkins. The French parliament had for merly a day of ceremony, called " Baillee do hoses," because great quantities of roses were then presented. How many a man, by throwing himself to the ground in despair, crushes and destroys for ever a thousand flowers of hopn that were ready to spring up and gladden all his pathway. In- Persia, when a man is convicted of robKry, they put him in a brick t>mlc by the roadside, jmur piaster of pans uround him till he U suffocated, and leave him standing thcro hermetically sealetl up as a warning to all who pass that way. 