A Geological Story of no Particular Period AND there really are credulous fools who fancy this stone could once breathe and feel!' 'I breathed! I felt!' Was I dreaming, or had a voice really sounded at my side ! I was alone. The other visitors had drifted out, leaving me in the gloaming, face to face with that marvel of Orange \- the Marble Man. Remarks, wise and foolish, had struck my ear, interfering with the current of my thoughts ; but now I was at last free to give utterance to my own sapience undisturbed. Evi- dently my reflections were dual, since they found expression in opposing sentiments. 'Of course, it is an imposture,' I persisted, after a cursory glance round; 'the proofs are overwhelm- ing, and yet, after all-suppose the wise men were mistaken. Only suppose.' 'I breathed! I felt ! This time I was staggered. I had not spoken ; I had not even thought the words. Who was play- ing me a trick ? Yet nobody lurked in the gather- ing shadows ; the lad outside slept without a suspicion of ventriloquism in his snore, and I was unmistakeably wide awake. Once more I returned, to the charge, with a tinge of superstitious awe affecting my attitude. Well, after all, I don't mind playing at suppos- ing ; it is very good fun, and ---- 'I breathed! I felt! I suffered!' 'In the name of all that's mysterious, who is speaking ?' A nameless terror chilled my marrow ; an icy breath stole through my hair ; a film quivered before my eyes, and something, formless, colourless, impalpable, floated about me with a subdued moan. ' I am a Spirit of the Past seeking rest in stone, and I shall never find; it --never--never.' The words died away in a low wail like the sob of an AEolian harp, and the commonplace little shop in which I stood had become transfigured with the Poetry of Despair and Desire. I was as one struck dumb, but my thoughts formulated themselves in the silence and received an answer. ' You long to know my history ; ay, and I long to tell it. Only by winning mortal sympathy can I gain Peace. Mortal, float back with me--back to the lost ages.' * * * * * * My eyes were sealed as with ghostly-touch. The present faded away ; the atmosphere grew heavy, damp, and warm, as that of a hothouse ; strange vegetation waved around me and strange forms lurked in the dark foliage; in the distance, where some water stole sluggishly along, a 'damp mist rose like steam, clinging to the drooping branches ; no birds twittered among the leaves, no insects flashed in the sunbeams, all Nature seemed dead alive, like a beauteous body without a soul. 'It is our Earth without man,' whispered the Voice beside me ; 'Earth ere she was animated by her Spirit of Goodand Evil; her In- tellect and her Heart.' \ 'Then is there neither joy nor suffer - J ?. .-? ? inf??' .-' y :?' ? s ' Ay, both are there in shadow, slant ing before the reality. "Wander on, oh Mortal, and see my story.* Beneath the arching tree-ferns I idled, as in the aisles of a Gothic cathedral; but Nature's organ was mute-there was no harmony for lack of dis- cords. The straight-stemmed Calamites shot up vigorously like temple pillars, rearing their tufted'' heads without noting the. parasite that twined around them and fed its clustering fruits with their richest sap. Gigantic reeds swayed unsteadily as I passed, and gigantic mosses, clinging about my knees, stayed my steps. A,Saltwater lake spread out before me, and lying stretched out on ttye sur- rounding sandstone I saw a huge monster, ten feet long, with a gleaming mail coat, fins like a whale, and teeth like a crocodile. As he turned towards me, and I noted the'prominent eyes, with their tele- scopic powers, I knew him for that old. monster, the Ichthyosaurus or Fish Lizard. Opposite this very ancient gentleman lay his first cousin, another Saurian, chameleon - ribbed and swan-throatèd. Above them, on the overhanging cliff, towered a huge bat-like figure-a beast that was a bird, a bird that had the attributes of the beast. Men of science dub the creature Pterodactyls, but T, suddenly filled with a higher lore than theirs, knew the un ; clean thing to be an allegory, a living embodiment of that crawling Spirit of Evil, which was hereafter to take wings and hover with unholy power over the dark places of the earth. For I was surrounded by the mysterious To Be. All around me was in a state of transition. Life forms, temporarily arrested in their development, felt the breath of the Spirit bf the Future pass over them and struggled, knowing that their destiny was unfulfilled. Even while I stood and idly dreamed, I noted fresh forms springing into activity. Here a dragon fly suddenly hung in mid-air, its wings quivering with the warmth of the sunbeam they had caught and prisoned. There a butterfly fluttered heavily, as thqugh weighted with the perfume of the unborn- flowers into which its soul was to pass; or a bee, all unversed in hive and honey lore, sought patiently the rare blossoms which nestled in the darkling foliage. A sense of unreality oppressed me ; the Present was a dream, the Future seemed the only tangible good, and the jungle was shadow haunted with veiled possibilities.. 'Soulless,' I muttered impatiently, as I turned back to the tangled groves where I could see the vigorous branches of cedar-like pines, standing out amid the frailer vegetation. ' Soulless and spirit- less. Stay, what are these ; moving shapes or flitting shadows?' For gliding amid the tangled vistas I saw forms, impalpable as that which had already hovered near me, yet withal perceptible, and these forms wan- dered along in pairs, as though inseparably united by an invisible bond. 'These be ante-natal spirits,' whispered the Voice at my side. 'Tis theirs to work out their own incarnation, to evolve phases of ever higher develop- ment till atiast they are -qualified toanimate- the;, man of ages to come.' ' .And what are those winged atoms floating around them ?' 'The winged thoughts which they must translate into human act. Each of thtm take eternal form, and, accord- ing to the nature of his thoughts, pure ? or ignoble, will be the nature of the af ter man, pure or ignoble. But they cannot perfect themselves without trans- fer. See, they float round the ante- natal spirits in pairs : All perfection is dual.' 'But-' «But?' ' What happens then when the time of incarnation comes, when your spirit pairs and dual thoughts part company ?' ' They are born into human life,, as twin souls. Years may separate their incarnation, lands and seas may divide their forms, nothing ean sever that bond of twinship, nothing can make up for it. If they meet in human form, meet and recognise each other, to be linked in that oneness which humanity calls marriage, they are prepared, by their completed spirit life in mortal dress, to attain the perfection of joy and purity in a later existence. If they never meet, or, meeting, are yet kept asunder, then is their human develop- ment marred, and a fresh probation lies before them in the after life. The majority jare/marred.' Alas ! that was no news to me. I gazed wistfully at shades on whose winged thoughts so' much human joy and sorrow depended. The Voice con- tinued : ' Some mar their lot before- hand, wilfully, willingly-here come a pair. Woe's me ! Now you shall know my sorrow and my shame !' And with a lingering ory the voice floated away towards the taller of two shades. Then I knew that I saw before me the ante-natal spirit of the Marble > Man. *.._'*" * * - . . * . .* Gliding through tangled moss, fern, and feathery grove, the sunbeams weaving rainbow draperies around them, those twin spirits moved rhythmically amid the straight living pillars of nature's temple, and their speech, as it floated towards me, sounded like half-formed chords^ faint echoes from the har ' monies of the f ar-ofi To Be. They spoke no language/ in the human sense of the word, but their meaning passed into me even as, in our daily life, thought is transferred by sympathetic souls. As they floated in and out of the tree ¿ shadows their embodied thoughts danced around them, mingling with their, breaths .in inarticulate poetry. And these thoughts, all bore reference to some awful power, the Spirit of the Crag, with which the more delicately out- lined of the twin-shades had been holding private communion. ,, ..? ? 4 And so, Cyanea j our incarnation and separation draw near.' ' Incarnation, ay ; separation, nay,' answered the more diaphanous of the shades. 'How can our dual unison -really separate ? Are we parted when I wander up the crag while thou stayest by the waters ? Are we parted when I rest upon the moss bed while thou floatest above the tree branches ? There is no parting twin-spirits unless they be annihilated. Intervening matters may imprison us, but we have that light which streams athwart matter, and our twin rays will seek each other till they unite in one perfect beam.' I heard no answer, and I noted that Cyanea's unison thought, flitting about her companion's form, met no double, and came back, to her wearily. Then methought Cyanea moaned. 'Oolithus!' 'Av.' . ' Why dost thou shrink from incarnation ?' . ' I shrink from the unknowable ; I would see our future ; I care not for the matter-prison of which thou speakest !' * Yet it is but the transition to higher joys. We are happy now ; we shall be happier far in the grand To Be, to which we rise step by step in material dress. And thou knowest we may choose the first form of our incarnation ; perchance, if we choose well, we shall be allowed the same freedom here- after.' * What hast thou chosen ?' ' I may not answer till after I have again seen the great Spirit whose votary I am, but I will pray her to let thee enter a twin form.' And may I never worship her myself ?'? ' She only can say, but I will plead for thee.' They had come out of the leafy recesses, and paused upon the shore, where the sunbeams glanced on the scaly armour of the saurians. As they stood in the presence of that unclean thing, the Bird-beast, I saw Cyanea tremble, while a dark thought de- tached itself from the monster, and came hovering round Oolithus. Then Cyanea floated; away, and her twin was left on the shore, facing, that eviLcrea-. ture. .. .. Other ill-boding; thoughts thronged around him; swooping from under the webted wings bf the brooding* Bat-beast, 'lime passed, and the Shade still rested on the golden sand, the opal waves murmuring tenderly, while a cloud of black fancies danced between Oolithus and the sunbeam. Atlast Cyanea floated back, whispering tenderly ' I have chosen. I am to be a wandering sea blossom, and I hare asked that thou shouldst be an ocean coral, to which I may come and cling when I need rest.' . . The dark thoughts thickened and drew nearer. 'And may I not see her-the Spirit of the Crag?' 'Nay, she refuses. I know not what she has against thee, but she says that if thou drawest near to her it means danger to me.' The evil thoughts crowded closer. ' Cyanea !' 'Well?' ' Dost thou allow such a consideration to inter- fere with my desires ? Axe we no longer one ?' * One for ever !' 'And dost thou then keep thy Spirit to thyself when I long for communion?' 'But I am her chosen votary, and I dare not disobey.' ' I am thy chosen twin, and thou darest to vex me ? I say I too must worship at the shrine.' ' Alas, Oolithus, it must not be ! Only her votaries know the secret road to her shrine.' ' Tell me, Cyanea, is she beautiful ?' 'Yea, with the Beauty of Strength and Calm. She could crush the world, but she remains un- ruffled. She is Silent Power.' ' Power /' The black thoughts massed themselves around the Shade, like a host of evil witnesses. ' Cyanea ! If thou hast ever loved me, reveal to- me the secret road.' ' Alas ! I dare not.' ' If we are not to be severed for evermore, reveal me the secret.' . ' Oolithus !' . ' Dost thou not see that she is already parting us? She stays me from thy sympathy now, only to separate us completely after incarnation. The secret, Cyanea, my twin self! The secret that thou can'st not keep from me !' Then Cyanea was drawn in among the gloomy thoughts, and I heard not her whisper. » * * * « Darkness had fallen upon all things. Even the stars were clouded in myttery ; but from that vaporous heat which clung about Mother Eartha lurid glare detached itself, while now and again a sudden thrill and a scorching flash told that the Fire Spirit was busy with his messengers of Life-in Death, who- soatter the Seeds-of Progress as they ride. By the light of those sudden flashes I saw a tall shade wandering away from the dank, sensuous jungle towards a barren mountain region where the hard ground seemed accurst, and as it wandered I fancied I saw the phantom of the Unclean Bird-Beast hovering overhead, while round about gathered black andcruel thoughts, weighing down the murky atmos- phere. Stealthily the Shade glided, past yawning cavern and basalt rock; past volcanoes where the streaming lava and scoriae made the very air seethe ; and cliffs, where all vegetable life was scorched and shrivelled; till at-last it worked its way down a rocky pass into a gruesome glen, where huge boulders had been hurled down and lay in magnifi- cent disorder. On every side, rose, straight and stern, granite walls which the moisture was vainly trying to corrode, and,, when the lightning flashed, their jagged crestB cast weird shadows on the boulders beneath. On this rugged couch lay stretched, in huge uncomelinèss, a Something, vague and formless, that was neither human nor divine, albeit partaking of both: a Being, still with the rigidity of repose, yet retaining all the potential power of the Earthquake-the Spirit of the Crag. The Shade paused, hemmed in by boulder and granite wall,-and the Spirit-mass quivered, as one asleep, aware of a disturbing presence; then it stirred visibly. i' Who dares to invade my sanctuary without com- mand?' :' Spirit, it is I, thy votary !' ' Thou ; and who art thou ?' _ ; Calmly, with scarce perceptible motion, the Spirit altered its attitude till it lay brooding, an emblem of Majesty, upon the boulders. Calm, impenetrable, contemptuous, it was as the soul of a desert sphinx gazing into Eternity. . ' Thou so-called votary, I know thee for what thou art-the twin Shade to Cyanea, and false to thy twinship.' " 'Nay, Great Spirit, not false, only asking for completion ! Should Cyanea be singled out for thy worship while I am abandoned ? Should she haye the power to choose her incarnation while I remain powerless?' ' False one ! She was but singled out to try thy weakness ; she was given extra strength, which she was to transfer to thee, and thou didst repel it. As it is, I have allowed her to choose for thee.' ' Ay, Spirit-Power ! And she has chosen a low organism.1 . ' There is no such distinction in nature as high and low; it is your destiny to graduate through a series of forms, for your spiritu xl development to be complete, but all are equal in honour. Cyanea wa» limited to the kingdom over which I hold sway, buc : she chose wisely for ye both.' ' Not for me, Great Spirit-nay, not for me I Grant me the choice ; nay, since thou callest me but a false votary, grant me more than this-the power thou canst bestow on thy favoured wooer. Spirit of Power ! Thou hast cast thy spell upon me, my thoughts fly towards thee, I tremble with long- ing to blend my life with thine. What cars.I&r; union with Cyanea, when thyJbreath has stirred me with "vague hopes and-unknown possibilities ! Is there not a mysterious attraction called love, which seems to be the life of this earth ?'.. .'Ay, the love to which thou and Cyanea are destined.' _ .. ' Nay, the love to which thou and I are destined. ' Thou darest !' 'I dare all! Mysterious power, annihilate me J but hear me. There is no daring in love, Toe breeze woos alike the proud crest of the Calamite \- and the delicate cup of the liehen^; and as itsibreatfl v passes o/er.±hem the living sap thrills in their rems, and they yield to the power of love. The sunbeam flashes on the crested- wave foam and the dehc*&° film morn spreads on the mosses ; both tremble an j fiance in response, and are warmed into love. The I bunder - «Silence ! Thou speakest of my own lover. His 2-ressis on me now.' . . , _ , _ ; And the Spirit Power throbbed with sudden life ' is a lightning- sheet iHiirnined the ravine ,_while the granite walls rocked, the boulders heaved, and the ' _g masses of stone crashed down. i Spirit !' cried the Shade, ' Dery me not; let j,e too, be thy lover ! Though i" be unworthy ¿ere is HO humility, in love. Let me dare with the iaiing which is nature's life.' ^ 'Dost thou ask a share of my love or of my lower ? < Of both, Great Spirit. Do not lovers blend their ; fiftsP ' 'And dost thou realise what thy desertion means :oCyanea? Dost know that, reft from thee, twin i lerfectibility becomes impossible to her ? Betrayed ' n her dualship she remains with her destiny un Í ulfilled. She is practically annihilated.' ! 'I care not ! I see but thee, dream but thee, j l0pe but in thee. The bond is broken ; to me i ¡vanea no longer exists!' I The air quivered, as with the passage of a sun i ij ; for a second the Shade of Cyanea was seen in ; he ravine; then with a f¡int sobbing wail it sank i ¡own and faded. .Thou Shade of Evil !' said the Power Spirit, I lost Eee thy accomplished work ? The sacrifice is tonsummated. Cyanea, torn from thy love, has ; ost her .being.' \ 'What reek I! I was born for nobler things. I spirit of Power, Spirit of Silent. Strength, Soul of ! ie Crag and the Ravine : Draw me unto thee ; \ nerge my life in thine !' And the huge Sphinx Spirit stretched out arms . like brooding wings, where the Shade took shelter. A soft silver light, as of moonbeams, stole into the ravine, and a ghost-like troop glided down, Î seeking the spiritual atoms that marked where . Cyanea had faded away. They were the Spirits of Moss and Fern, of Tree and Shrub, the animating ; souls of all the living things amid which Cyanea ? had loved to stroll, and they were going to cherish ! and absorb her atoms, so that her existence, though ; arrested at the outset, should not be annihilated ; 1 4at her memory should stir within them. As ^ney sped on their work of love, and flitted up the face of the ravine bearing away Cyanea's past, they ¿anted softly a strange dirge, that sounded like the whisper of the winds among the tree-tops : Lost to Life and Love, poor Shade ! Lost to Woe and all Woe's gain; Thine the gladness born to fade, Gladness imniatured by pain ; None can Passion's rapture gain Save by winning Passion's pain. Lost to Hope and Dread, poor Shade ! I Knowing nor Terror nor Disdain ; ; All thy dreams, of joy were made, j Dreams, alas! all made in vain ! ! None can Passion's rapture gain j Save by winning Passion's pain. j Lost to Faith and Trust, poor Shade ! ' \- 'Faith but lives where'Doubt hath lain ; ..'.*' i Trust is not, where none upbraid, i Stagnant calm' is true Heart's bane 3, None can Passion's rapture gain Save by winning Passion's pain. " . All thy birthright lost, poor Shade ! Bight to suffer, soul and brain ; Through the heart's deep waters wade, Conquering quiet strands again :.. None shall Passion's rapture gain SaTe by winning Passion's pain. [; Lost the power to Live, poor Shade ! Sorrow's bitterness to drain ; Who with grief hath deeply played ; Can of maddest joy-throbs 'plain. ; None can Passion's rapture gain ii Save by winning Passion's pain. Î Lost to Life and Love, poor Shade I . nuP**e *s .Love» and Love is pain ; Thou hast missed the woes that fade j B Missed the raptures that remain. None may Passion's rapture gain !j Save by winning Passion's pain. \ (To be continued in next issue.) 3 --4 