LADY POSTLETHWAITE'S WILL. ' Phil,' said my father, here's a note from Lady Postlethwaite. She wants to see me this morning, to take instructions for a codicil to her will. I can't go, so you must. I received the suggestion with suf ficient ungraciousness. It upset my plans for a rapid despatch of office work that morning and an afternoon's holiday on the ice at HendoD. 'Lady Postlethwa'lte doesn't know me,' I demurred. ' Wouldn't she rather wait till yon are better f' 1 Bless my soul,' interrupted my father testily. 'When did you ever know me to get better The fit is due, sir ! I feel it flying about me at this moment, and here you go aggravating it with yonr stnpid, paltering objections. Do yon mean to go, or do yon not !' ' Of course Pm going, as soon as I get the address. I only thought of yonr being her old and confidential friend—' ' ' Old friends be 1' exploded my father, and then I knew it vat goat. A false alarm made him ' bless his soul ' occasionally, but nothing short of the real thing ever drove a profane expletive from those God-fearing lips. 1 knew my father's visits to his client were solemn undertakings, lasting half the day at ehort,Shra.ftj'/<j oiaTWend _rftSf!j"inore rapid despatch of her affairs, 80 as to get away before the afternoon waned. I had never seen Lady Postle- thwaite. I only knew she bad a large fortune and was much exercised as to its eventual disposal Lady Postlethwaite'a Will ' came ronnd as regalarly in my father's diary as quarter day ; and about as frequently. I journeyed in a sulky mood through the frost fog to the suburban region where ' Deodara Lodge ' then stood. A smart villa residence with ranch glass and ornamental shrubbery surrounding it. There was an air of trim loxnry, of a costly, qniet sort about the whole place. The little smiling maid-servant who opened the door was only incongruity. She trotted before down a warm, bushed hall to a door through which she ushered me and left me alone, as I thought. The room was rich and sombre, heavy with mahogany, gloomy with damask. A bright fire snapped and sparkled in a marvellously polished steel grate ; over the mantel- piece, in a gorgeous gilded frame, hnng a portrait of a little grey man in the splendourof aldermanic robes, and in front of the fire in the depths of a great leathern arm-chair, a little old lady slumbered sonudly. A comfortable, rosy-cheeked old lady, with greyish-brown curls pinned at each side of her placid little face, a very smart cap, diamond rings on her plump little mittened fingers, and a satin gown, in the lap of which rested a religions newspaper and a tortoiseshell cat, who opened a sleepy eyeasl softly approached over the thick Turkey carpet. The next minnte puss's mistress had sprang to her feet bolt upright, and wide awake, and catching the cat deftly with one hand gave mine a cardial shake with the other. ' Mr. Phillip Austen 1 No mistake about that !' she exclaimed. ' Eh, but you're like your good father ! So you caught me napping. I've done a long morning's work ; the hardest in the bouse I sometimes think ; and Pm not so young as I waa Pat down that hat and take yonr coat off. That's better. Now you'll just have a glass of wine and a piece of cake after yonr journey.' The little maid came in to answer to the bell, but I strenuously protested that I could eat nothing, that my time was limited, that I never touched wine in the morning. Lady Postlethwaite looked as honestly disconcerted as if I had been gnilty of some breach of eti quette, bat beckoned the maid and gave her a bunch of keys and some lengthy and minute whispered directions which I feared referred to luncheon. I delivered all my father's explana tions and apologies. ' An old gentleman crippled with goat! And that's what handsome Phil Ansten lias mrnn t/i - tlin nmtflst dancsrand the finest figure of a young fellow that you could see, once upon a time. A noble pair they made— he and Miss Anne Hooper. Eh, lad, lad ! bnt it's a sad thing to grow old ; or it wonld be, if it weren't for you young ones being left to us 1' She looked at me with such kindly eyes that I felt ashamed of my im patience. ' Did your father send me nothing by yon 1' she asked. I gave her a sealed envelope which she opened. It only contained a small key. This a fancy of mine. Look here,' she said. It fitted the lock of a central com partment in a large book case that stood in the room. A tall, narrow space between the shelves of books, evidently intended to contain maps or engravings. It was only a few iuchcB in width and the glased panel of its door looked hardly wider tnim tuesut or a letter wn. n was empty save for a long bine envelope tied with fancy ribbon and sealed with a Urge red seal. She took tbis out. 'This my will, you see. I can look in through the glass at it eyety day if I, like ami know that it's safe, nut I am secured from tampering with it except with the knowledge and consent of yonr father. That is Sir Joseph's old seaL You see, them is only my name end the date outside the envelope, though no one conld possibly mad anything through that glass if they tried.' She broke the seal and opened out the enclosed document, looking wistfully at me as she did so. 'To think of you — the baby that I' remember in yonr rea snoes ana sasa— cuunug w help me with this weary weight of money ! A quarter of a million. An. awfol charge for one poor old body. And one not brought up to the position either : your father trill have told you that!' 'He once said something ' ,1 hesitated. 'Told yon I was Sir Jbsuh's cook, most likely,' she said, smoothing ont the sheets of paper with a composed smile. ' Well, . I wasn't. I was his kitchen-maid.' She stopped, enjoying my look of surprise, then , nodded at ihe alderman.; river the " chimney-piece. ' Yes, thcrebe is, n knight, und elder-' man of ,'. the. rCity !of London. ' I. mart tell you how It «came ribonV-ns yonr father hasn't; doneso. . Yon're snre. ' yon'U not-tokea gliss of winefirsti1 i I declined again unci yet again before she began her story, settling her cap ribbons and stroking the cat into a con tented parr. 'Yea, I was kitchen-maid at Sir Josiah Postlethwaite'a fine establish ment in Bloomsbnry Square. There were three other servants, and nice timeB they had of it. All the honse to themselves from breakfast time till Sir Josiah returned abont six o'clock from the City. Once or twice a week there might be company at dinner, and very grand dinners those were. All the rest of the week nothing particular to do, or if there was I bad to do it. I never set eyes on my master till one day about twelve o'clock he came home unexpectedly and rang the library bell. The butler waa ont on same errand of hie own, the housemaid getting a new dress tried on, so I had to answer It. I found him in this very chair, with his overcoat still on and his hat In his hand, jnst as he had dropped down in it ' I'm not very well,' he said. 'Can yon get me something hot — sonp or some thing, sod a glass of wine 1 What a temper the cook flew into ! She wasn't going to serve meals all day long for anybody. I got it at last, hat the bat ter had the wine cellar and sideboard TasV touch nothing after alL1 "what's your name — you ate a new comer, are you not ?" he asked. " Bessy Alison 1 And yon come from Working ton f and he looked quite pleased. The butler came in just then, so 1 went back to the kitchen. Presently down came my gentleman looking very white and flaetered. " Pm going," he says. Then he and the others had a long talk together in the pantry. " Bessy, master says yon're to go for Dr. Shaw — No. 15 — -jnst across the square." I thought he might have told me sooner, bnt J ran at once. I was kept some time, and when I got back X found the house open, bnt not a creature downstairs, only all their boxes fastened np and labelled in the scullery. Master and I were left alone in the honse, and he was sickening for fever, so the doctor said. ' Norses weren't to be had then as they are now ; and, besides, Sir Josiah wouldn't let anyone near him bat ma So a woman was got to do the rough work, and I nursed him day and night, till he got better. As soon as he was well, be asked me to marry him. He wasn't the sort of sweetheart Fd fancied to have — poor little old gentleman — but Fd saved his life, and couldn't bear the thoughts of deserting him now, so I said 'Yes,' and never repented it. He was a good hnBband to me while he lived, and, when he died, left me every penny he possessed, just to do as I chose with.' It's a great responsibility,' I said, inwardly wondering how soon we might set to business. She shook ber head- solemnly. ' It's not the mere giving away of the money ; it's the seeing that it does no mischief that troubles me. Yon see Fve no kin of my own to whom I might rightfally leave it all, nor are there any alive of Josiah's. Then I thought of his first wife, poor soul, a born lady, who helped him and loved him while he was young and poor, and died jnst as the good times were coming. Fve tried to find Mrs. Postlethwaite'a people oat, and do what I can tor them. And there's charities enough to swallow the whole amount, bnt yonr father made me pro mise to take nothing on trnst, bnt to find out for myself how they would be likely to spend it if I gave it them ; and that has been a long job, aod a heart -breaking one. Fm nearly settled now, bnt there are still changes to be made.' She turned over the leaves of tbe will, making comments on each bequest, while I made a few Ineffective notes, and strove to possess my bouI in patience. I was rewarded. She ended by producing a most business-like little list of the additions she desired. They were few and trifling till we came to the last, . over which ehe paused and hesitated. 'Colonel the Reverend Vandenhoff St. worge, I opened my eyes, as well I might, 'Did you never bear of him ! £ thought everyone most know the great work he'a doing in the West End. The converted dragoon the paper here calls him. He has his Tuesday and Friday meetings here, too. An afternoon 'tea for ladies on Tuesdays, and a smoking concert for gentlemen on Fridays. He's a grand speaker. Yon most come arid hear him. I want to give him a chapel of hie own, as the clergy won't have him in the church. Now, when will yon come and meet him f 1 I was prepared with an evasion, but jnst then the door opened, and a far- clad yonng lady entered briskly, carry ing a violin-case. She stopped when she saw me, and, with a pretty gesture of apology, withdrew. 'You can come in, Letty. We've done all our business. How did the rehearsal go off! Yon're jnst in time to show Mr. Austen the azaleas Derore lonch. You'll not mind bring left to Letty for half an hour, Mr. Philip! There are some things I think I can do better myself than anyone-else, and '» wol-an-venl is one of tbem-3 I madeanotherefiortto escape— rifeeble one this time— arid, having collected my papers, foundmyself following1 Letty " pr ' Miss Dorrian, . as I discovered her name, to be, through the hall into the .large conservatory with its banks of bloom— the dear old lady's one ex travagance, as I waB informed. 'She'll spend her money right -loyally for other people's good—or their- pleasure — that's the best good of some of us/yon know, laughed the girl Two little maids, in big aprons ana moo caps, iqoxea np mm scrubbing ;ibe encaustic tiles "as 'we passed. ' . - ; Look at them— miserable little lod ging-house -slaveys when she discovered" them. She'i! teach and train them into perfect little servants— she has tbe'«gift — and then,- when J she might begin jto get some Comfort ont'rif them, emdfiien off Into good places and -begin all over again with a series Of fresfoincapablea. The hoBSels fall of theme— and of as.' ; ' 'Who rife " us " 1 , ;T enquired, as we made «nr>iWay irom the azures into the palmhoose.. . < - ocMGdds and ends,- waifo.pnd rirays jof girls -waiKnghdlidafripr mnmritesbris, orprotty frocks, oranythingwecao't riri; 'rind'rihfe can givena. HBe'eaealnt" the seedy, never sparing herself, wise and bind and unselfish. Why shouldn't a saint wear satin gowns and smart caps'' I was unable to raise an objection, so we wandered on from the palms into tbe orchii houBe aud so back again, by which time I had mentally voted skating very poor fan, and Hendon the last place £ wished to see that afternoon. Jnst as we gained the entrance to the hallj MIbs Dorrian stopped sudden ly. A loud imperative knock and ring resounded through the honse. Then a lond imperative voice enquired for Lady PoBtlethwaite, and someone passed in with s heavy martial tread. < .hat man again !' she whispered with a black frown. ' Do yon know him! That converted Colonel f Salvation Army rank, I suppose !' Nothing so respectable. Her Majesty dispensed with his services for some good reasons that his friends don't care to enquire into. He says be has a mission to the npper classes. I don't know what he does in the West End, but here all the little snburban gentili ties ran after him to revel in the society of the aristocratic fellow- converts he in troduces them, to Tywd T.oojnt rfllatpa ho turi experiences with penitence and abasement, and Lady Mildred Bagley holds forth abont the dark days when she wis a worldling and a society beanty.' ( . 'I know them both, professionally. Not in connection with anything ap proaching a religious service by any meant, unless it's the collection. We had gtined the drawing- room door, and Miss Dorrian nodded, langbed and left me at mwr uy wyseii. . ' The reverend Colonel stood with his big feet firmly planted on tbe white rng before the fire. A tall, broad-shouldered fellow, floridly good looking, and with a load aggressive manner. Lady Postle thwaite in a fresh and smarter cap satin a low chair beneath him looking up admirably. She introduced me in a pleased little flatter, whereon he drew himself np smartly like a eentry on dnty. 'Friend or enemy! Give the counter sign.' . This startling reception was, I imag ined, a hit of special affectation, so I made a point of being quite unimpressed, retained the stare of his black eyes with a blandsmile and replied : ' As I don't happen to know which side yon are on, suppose yon consider me a neutral.' ' Which side I am on!' — he began, bnt I refrain from a full report of the discourse winch followed. If he was in earnest it was in the worst of taste ; if not, simply blasphemous. ' I shall enlist yon yet. Yon are a recruit after my own heart,' he concluded, slapping me on the shoulder as we went in to lnncheon. He gave as a long grace, mnch edifying my dear old hos tess, and then proceeded to rejoice her heart by a thorough aud frank enjoyment of the good things before him. He com plimented her on the dishes, ordered up varieties of wine, Bent the little maids in waiting flying hither and thither, ad dressing them -as 1 Mary, my dear,' and made sundry gallant speeches to Miss ; Dorrian, for which I coald have cheer- folly seen him choked on the spot. Heims an amusing dog withal ; even I was compelled to admit. He had a jovial -and rollicking way of relating his adventures and they were strange and amusing ones ; and he pot in hb dash of piety artistically so as not to spoil a good story, and to pass one or two which otherwise might have been considered rather risky. Lady Postlethwaite opened her eyes and cUsped her hands at hb narrations of peril by'land and sea ; or smiled and purred delightedly over his minnte ac counts of the sayings and doings of the Royal personages with whom be had been privileged to associate. Afterwards he sat dovn to the piano and sang us a rattling hilarious hymn or two, with an irresbtible chorus, followed by some North Country ditties that 'made Lady Postlethwaite wipe her eyes and rub her glasses. I don't wonder at the success of the smoking concerts. Hb voice, with training, might have been a fortune i.. i.- t i.a l:_ at x -r w una. j. icii uiiu iu puoBBtwiuu ui the field. I foand my father too ill to attend to my report. There seemed no chance of hb being able to attend to business for many t day to coma So as soon as the codicil was prepared it fell to my share to pay Lady Postlethwaite a second visit. She received me as kindly as before, bnt seemedsbaent and disturbed. 'I should like to see yonr good father. How soon will he be back!' she asked, as she searched for a piece of red ribbon to en close tie trill and codicil. ' Hell not stop a day longer at Carls bad thin he can help, you may be sure. FH send him to you at once.' I siw bow ber bands shook bb she tied npthe envelope She stopped once and seemed abont to speak to me ; bnt checked herself and dbmissed the little maid who had witnessed the codicil, with instructions to bring in 'The old Madeira, Mr. Austen's wine' I lighted a taper and she produced Sir Jonah's ponderous gold chain and seals. 'Colonel St. George' was announced, and tiie chain and seal fell clashing to the floor. The Colonel sainted me with hb customary boisterous geniality, and withdrew with a newspaper to the win dow while we finbhed oar burin ess. I was glad to get away from him and, in dread of an invitation to dinner, accepted a ghu of the old Madeira and bade a hasty farewell. The wine had a carious effect upon me I fancied. After leaving the house I lingered abont, relnctant to go, hauntedby the aggravating idea that I bad left some commission unfulfilled, or forgotten some important part of my errand, l telt tor tne Key. l naa tnat safe enough, and I knew I had locked the door securely. I must hurry borne if I wanted to sasjmy father, eo hailing the fiat cab % jumped in, throwing my ovnmott on the front eeat. We had readied the .end/of . the road before I glanced at it and there, lying beside it waslady Postiethwaite'e will. ' There is no mistake about it. How had it come them Had we locked up the wrong pspsti I stopped the driver, and/as I did ;« the paper slipped from my hand. X searched, and Bo did he, bat in vrin. The' window had been ehntj.it conld "not |ure fallen oat. "Had l'tmeridroairi; ingl frit ashamed of the idea, bnt bo w"e!se could I account fortius. That old Mideira,' I meritrify riecidecl. ' ' My unlucky governor J Jf he goes there often l-Aon't worideif -he haa to finish at Caikd? . I saw him off and spent the rest of the evening with an old college friend wbo had come np to town abont marriage settlements. He bad a great deal to tell me abont lib lady love and I eat smoking, tranquilly listening to hb rap tures and thinking — who knows why!— abont Letty Dorrian. I was awakened early next morning by HarriB, my father's mad, who stood by my bed-side with a face of concern. ' Very soriy to have to rouse yoo, sir ; but a most argent message baa come — Lady Postlethwaite, air, — wonld yon kindly bring that hey at once !' I sprang up. ' Hot water directly, Harris, and send for a cab. How did the message come 7 Harris's blank look stopped me. ' What time did Lady Postlethwaite sendf 'Lady Postlethwaite, sir! I never mentioned ber ladyship. I was saying that cook says the boiler pipes b froze up she thinks, and she wants to know what she b to do abont your bath aod the kitchen fire ! Sorry to dbturb yoo, air.' I langbed it off to Harris, bnt I felt annoyed, and tbe annoyance lasted all that day and far into the night. I dreamed otfih»> tiU mora- mg. Now I was opening the envelope and discovering the contents to be a monster poster of .one of Colonel St. George's afternoon teas ; or I was bant ing frantically for that key through piles of old rasty bunches which Letty, her eyes full of tears, threw down be fore me ; or I was reading the will and turning the pages over' in vain search of the last sheet, while the Colonel laid .his hpftvv hand on mv shoulder and aano his jovial chorus in my ear. Always the two together, and alwayE connected by some notion of foal play and derision. I awoke fagged and nnrefreshed and seriously concerned about my state of health. I had no time to attend to it jnst then, however, and by midday had almost forgotten my troubles. My friend asked me to dinner to meet an other old schoolfellow, a yonng doctor named Mellor. We looked in at a theatre after dinner, and they both walked home with me. We had a good deal to talk over about old times, and lingered sauntering up and down one aide -of our sober, old- fashioned square, almost deathlike in its stillness after the noisy Strand. At last I ran up onr steps and rang the bell, then suddenly turned chill and faint, catching hold of Melior's arm. 'What's that!' ' This !' said Mellor, surprised, stooping and picking np a white long- folded paper that lay at my feet. ' Something of yours. I didn't see yon drop it, though.' I held out a shaking hand. This conld be no delusion. I touched, I held, I saw — distinctly as ever I did — Lady Postiethwaite'e wilL I turned it over. I saw in the bright moonlight the red ribbon fastened with the great red seal. I read the two gothic letters ' J.P.,' and saw the en dorsement in the precise old hand : ' Elizabeth Postlethwaite, 16th Feb ruary, 1888.' I knew Mellor was wondering at me as I stood gazing stnpidly. Then came the clatter of a boy's feet on the pave ment and a yonnn cantered np gaily. 'Beg pardon, sir. Have yon seen a parcel ! Yes, sir ; that's it. Thought I mast have dropped it here. Left a note in your box from Johnson and Palliserjost now.' The front door opened, letting out a blaze of gas, in which I b&w; io my hand a commonplace parcel fastened with an ordinary twist of string, with no resemblance to the mil but in size. I gave it np in such confusion that Mellor looked oddly at me. 1 Aren't yoo well, Ansten !' I don't know. Come in. I want to consult you.' He looked serious over my story, asked a string of questions, and ended by pronouncing it a case of hallucina tion, brought on by debility and over work. Could I not take a holiday at once ! T demnrrAd. Next thine to im- possible in my father's absence. 'Then I'll write you a prescription for a composing draught. Let me know how yoa feel after a night of unbroken sleep.' He did so. I had a night of sweet, dreamless sleep, and felt so well next morning that I wrote in tbe jay of my heart to say so. I was interrupted by my clerk before I had finished the first few lines. When 1 read them over they ran as fellows: — ' Peak Lady Postlethwaeee, — I will be with you without fail early to-morrow, as yon desire.' I threw tbe pen down in a sort of panic. My mind was going : I felt convinced of it. I sent for Mellor, who looked graver than before. You mnst have farther advice. I may have overdone that sleeping draught, and it is taking its revenge. I can't be sure. Here is the address of a fi rat-rate man — a specialist, uo and talk to mm. I promised I wonld. The great ansn ordered me away with out loss of time. He also gave me another variety of eleeping-stnff. I took it with the most singular result. It seemed to deprive me at once of all volition, while leaving my senses as acute as ever. Harris bade me 'Good-night,' and left me, believing me to be sonnd asleep ; bnt though I had been unable to reply . to him by a word or tbe lifting of ao eyelid, I conld hear every movement be i made, and follow the sounds by which I knew tbe honse was being closed for the night. 1 lay so for more tnan an. nour, ana then in the same strange, mesmerised condition I got np and dressed, let my self quietly out, and, I hardly know how, found myself on my way to Lincoln's Inn. I had the keys of "the office with me, thoogh.I had no recollection of bringing them, and let myself In. I next remember opening the tin box with Sir J. Poedethwaite'e name still outside, and searching amongst the' papers there. I found, as I knew I should, a -duplicate copy which my father had iu3 made of thB t»iil, hot not; of the codldL 1 bronght it away, and also the sealed envelope containing the "book- case key. I left all safe, made my way home, anil: sank Into a long, dreamless, refreshing sleep, th'aft laated tilL- Harria -woke me. : -i The , copy , pf the will lay on iny drbSBing toble Jahd tins key beside it > I satAnd looked at them In a sort jof panic. Then a sadden determination seized me. I wonld go" at once to Lady Postlethwaite and see if, once brought into contact witb tbe realities, my visions might not of themselves depart- There was no harm trying. I made a rapid despatch of tbe day's business and drove down — late as It was — to the Deodsras. Thelittlemaid-servanthaddisappeared, and a hoiking man in a smart livery opened the door. He stared at me, for all reply to my enquiry. I repeated it — ' Is Lady Postlethwute at home.!' ' lady Postlethwaite St George is not at home,' waa the astounding answer I received. I stood in surprised consternation. The door was doting in my face, when a yonng lady, who was crossing the hall, tnrned and looked at . me, and with a glad cry ran forward and caught me by the hand. It was Miss Dorrian. She drew me in without another word, past the staring servant, into the room where we bad first met. ' She was afraid you were not coming. Did yon never get a letter from her !' 'Never. Bnt what does this mean! Lady Postlethwaite St, . George ! Has bUc married that man f Letty clasped her hands and looked piteously in my face. ' Ob, is it not miserable I What can have possessed her ! Did yon know or guess anything of it when yon were here !' ' Nothing. How should I!' ' She may have been married to turn even then. We don't know when or where it took place. She most bave uwu fuuiiiuabWj >uwi U60T| Bliu uietl ashamed of it. I know . she kept tbe secret as loDg &B; he wonld let her, but he got impatient and wanted to come here as master. I think people were getting a little tired of hie preaching, and it was not payiDg so well. He has given it np, that is one good thing.' 'Are yon staying here!' ' In his hones ! No indeed ! I left the very day I heard it, I took advan tage of his beiDg away to-night to come and see her. She was so overcome I hardly knew how to leave her. I will tell her you are here.' She hurried away and I waited, look ing around me. Tbe house had suffered visible change and deterioration. The room smelt of tobacco, empty soda-water bottles littered the sideboard, a crumpled sporting paper was staffed into the enshion of the dear old lady's chair, and a card of rating engagements was stack in poor Sir Josiah's frame, which, like everything else, was thick with dost. Letty reappeared directly. ' Yon are to come to her at once, and yon are to bring the will with yon if yon have the key." I took ont the key with a carious feeling that I had done it all before, and knew exactlv what would happen next. I conld see the packet through the narrow slit of glass,, bnt the lock refused to turn at first. I withdrew the key, and found a tiny morsel of wax clogging the warda Then I tried again, this time with success. The packet was just aB I had seen it when Lady Postle thwaite and I left it there. Lady Postlethwaite was in her bed room aovarine over the fire, wrapprflo a big dressing-gown in which she looked grievously small aud shrunken. Her face was drawn aod aged, and tears came into her eyes as she held ont a shaky hand to me. She held me tight aB ii feeliDg some comfort In the clasp of my fingers. ' I wish it were yonr good father that had come, Mr. Philip. He'd maybe have had more pity for me than yon yonng folks. T've been a foolish old woman and a very unhappy one.' ' We needn't talk abont it, need we! Can't I do something to help yon !' ' Yes, you can. I was just wearying n see yon. Fve been thinking that hongh I've rained all that's left me of my own life, 1 must make sure that others don't suffer for my madness. I want to go over that will again, Mr. Philip. It'll stand good, yon know. Poor Josiah took care of that.' T »ava it fn lia«> onW fltiA t.nrnof? if. nVAF 6«u »» w — aod over, examining it keenly. Then she opened it. 'Lord save us !' she cried. 'Look here! The contents lay in her lap. So many blank sheets of foolscap, noth ing else. ' She looked from them to us once or twice. Then she sat bolt upright, her eyes began to shine and the trembling of her hands ceased. My desk, Letty, qnick.' She folded the sheets together and slowly and considering wrote a few lines on the onter ona 'Now, Mr. Philip, can yon and Letty make that envelope look as if it had never been opened !' We managed to do so by the aid of a fresh ribbon and by carefully spreading tbe wax of the new seal over the place where the old one had been broken open. ' Now Mr. Philip, I shall want yon at once to draw me a fresh will exactly like the old ona How soon can yon do it!' 1 nave a duplicate nere now, may Postlethwaite. You have only to sign, it But the codicil, what about that 1 And Colonel St, George— yon mnst con sider him.' 'I have considered him. He will find a remembrance there,' she nodded towards tbe sealed packet As mnch as I dare do for him now. We were interrupted by the announce ment of the doctor's arrival. I was glad, for I fancied I saw signB of feverish ex haustion in the poor old woman. 1 was glad, too, to bear the name of a man high In his profession. I knew it well by reputation. Letty and I withdrew to the cheerless dining-room, wnere j. repiacnaone praam- In the bookcase, and -then -stood beside her over the tireless, ashy grate, talking sorrowfully of the gentle, useful life so woefully cat short. 4 Do yon think her vety ill!' she asked. 1 1 am afraid so. Can yon gness what aUeherr-: ' I tfaink her -heart ie broken P Letty said with a sob.- tHe didn't ill-use her, aayou mean by ill-usage, bnt she loved him and believed in htm— and now she knows lum as he is. — Oh, .life cruel," cruel Y, . J-/: . . We were again sammoned fe fedy Postlethwaite. Letty trembled so as vnarerauted the door that Tcaoeht her -hshd haU- nnjconstibhsly to reassure her,; and -it was > on - onr (joined hands that .the old Iady> thaifc; hjfeg glanced terrogating look'-on1 wjf 'istse. dl ifelt Letty start and the little fingers thrill warm to ' their tips. I deliberately stooped and raised them to my- lips, while Lady Postlethwaite'a face lighted np with amusement, comprehension and satisfaction all in a flash. The doctor standing near her had lost the by-play. ' Tm telling Dr. Vincent what Fm after, and he's not. objecting. Stay where yon are, doctor. Now, Mr. Philip, read that will over again.' One bequest — that to ' my dear friend, Letitia Dorrian ' had been left blank. I asked what sum I was to fill in. 'Fifty thousand pounds,' she said firmly. Letty gave a cry and I hes itated 'It won't be all for herself,' she went on. 'I can trnst ber. Letty, ypu know my wishes and all I should bave liked to do if I had lived a free woman. Yon'll make good all I leave undone, eh, dear ! And may be/Mr. Philip here may give you his help if you ask him.' And the ghost of a kindly twinkle shone in her eyes. The will was duly signed, tbe doctor and his coachman acting as witnesses. She gave it to me. 'Keep tbis and tell no ona " Let the other be opened first. Now I should like yon to have this ; it will never be nsed again. Take it with my love, and good-bye.' She placed Sir Josiah's massive chain and seal in my hands ; then drew me down and softly kissed my forehead. I never saw her again. \- My father was terribly concerned to receive the invitation to the foneral of ms good oia mend directly on nis return. We both went, carious to see how events would turn out It was an imposing affair. Tbe arrangements were of the costliest description. Colonel St. George Postlethwaite, in the profounde8t of monrning, was, of course, the centre of interest,a spectacle of heart-broken bereavement. Invita tions had been sent far and wide. Old City friends of Sir Josiah's, governors of charitable institutions, the local clergy, every creature who conld be assumed to bave the slightest claim to such an attention. Lord Levant and a train of aristocratic converts rallied round their evangelist. There were others, uninvited guests, who thronged the cemetery, no one knew who or how many, grieving sorely, for their kind, lost friend ; and I fancied I could dis tinguish a scattering of the poor dead Mrs. Postlethwaite'a kin, an anxious- faced strnggliug set, to whom the with- drawl of their earthly providence made the-foture a very black look-oat indeed. The Colonel was liberal in his in vitations to the snmptnous luncheon which followed, at which he presided with subdued geniality. He had re sumed his piety for the occasion, and his conversation was most edifying. 'Now, gentlemen,' he began, when the servants bad withdrawn : 1 am a plain soldier, and only accustomtil to plain speaking. You ail want to know, of coarse, how my dear wife has dis posed of the property of which, in ber lifetime, she was faithful a steward.' (I omit irrelevanties, however improv- ing.) L Rfio Ixopt isrpim affairs in her hands to tbe last, and I wasn't the man to prevent her doing so. Whatever she did, she did of her own free will, uninfluenced by me. And I will say h9re, that np to the hour of her death, she was as clear- headed, right- minded a woman of business as anyone could find. Is it not so, Dr. Vincent.' The doctor gave an emphatic assent, 'Yon mnst ask these gentlemen,' in dicating my father and me, ' abont her investments, and about her testamen tary dispositions, if there are any, but I tell yon, gentlemen, that I do not expect to find any. She was not a woman to trust by halves, and she knew her worldly wealth in my hands would be blessed, etc. etc.' ' Hear, hear !' from Lord Levant. A thrill of consternation seemed to run round the room after this plain declaration. The charity officials looked blonklv into one another's feces, aod the bnngry-eyed relatives glared onus with wolfish eyes, as my father took the key from me. ' Let's look here first, if you please. If there is a will, we shall find it here.' He drew fourth the packet, and handed it to the Colonel, who, with an incredu lous shake of the head opened it. The sight of bis wife's hand-writing inside made him pause aud took wildly around. ' This is private — not a will, yon see. It's nothing, nothing.' He dropped into a chair, while the blank sheets of foolscap strewed the floor at his feet, keeping his hand clntched tightly over his wife's last message. His face took a ghastly hne. He drew the nearest decanter to him, and poured ont a glass- ful. It was clear my time had come. I gave the circumstances as briefly I conld, referred to Colonel St. George's own testimony as to his wife's state, and produced the veritable last will of Lady Postlethwaite. .The hungry-eyed relatives grew serene and placid as the reading went on, the charity officials shook hands with one another, and my father 'Blessed his sonl' copiously when it ended. They all came crowding round me to examine it and question me as to the details, and in the conf otion Colonel St. George Postlethwaite disappeared from our tight for ever. So did Ltdy Postiethwaite's dressing-case and a large sum of ready money which was knosn to be in tbe house. Colonel St. George is sorely missed by a large circle of believing followers and T hnar still mnre hv a liirmr circle of unsatisfied creditors. ' And. to think that if the scoundrel had only lef< that will alone he would have succeeded to the whole. The poor old lady would never have known that her snbBeqnent marriage invalidated it. A quarter of a million lost for the want of a little ordinary legal knowledge. Bless my sonl!' says my father. 