A FOUL FIGHT MADE BY HEAYY-WEIGHri TEBBY AQAIN8I FIELD. BTRUCK Bill WHEN HE WAS DOCTN. The following amusing account of the meeting between Judges Terry and Field, wherein Terry got shot by Field's guardian angel, Deputy- Sheriff Noagle, is supposed to be told to a Bei'okt man by l'ommy Warren, the feather-weight slugger : — It is not generally known that Colonel Tommy Warren, the feather- weight mili at Lathrop. Colonel. Warren has kept the i. secret well, for having been paid 200dols ai v week for exhibiting bis figure in certaia^f»*g.jg| places of amusement he had no desire to -1 ' impoverish his drawing powers by making a free exhibition of himaolf in the Circuit Court, as of courso he would have had to do had the attorneys known it in time. Bdt to a friend the other evening Colonel Warren thus graphically described the battle : ' Well, yer see it was *hin way— I'll give it to yer atraight. ' Field jumped into the ring first and hung his dicer on the south-west post. He waB followed by his second, Dave Neagle. Steve was going to take the Eouth-west corner, but Dave, Bhyinghis eye around, motioned him over to 'tothex chair and said, ' We'd better wait for TIIE TOSS-UP.' ' Steve was in good humour, bnt did net appear to be in very good condition. His face looked as though he had trained down a little too fine. But as he took off his overcoat he showed a highly developed ohest nnder a pair of solid shoulders, oa which Bat a very brainy brow. The spec tators murmured, ' He's got a great head. He'd be a hard man to down. Great General be.' 'Scarcely had Steve and Professor Neagle got to their coiner when Dave Terry, seconded by Sarah Althea, jumped through the ropes. Terry walked towardl the opposite corner, but his seoond, suddenly forgetting something, rushed baok into the dressing room for a smelline bottle. 'Before she could get baok and before Beferee Staokpole could announce the new ruleB of the California Club, Terry (who did not liko the way Stove had hiB hair . cut) jumped up from his earner and' withont putting on his gloves or even waiting to shake hands or ' hear the gong, stepped over to Steve and gave him a swinging left-hander on the jaw. FIELD OVERMATCHED. ' Terry weighed 2401b, aud Feld tipped tho scale at 1501b. Standing up over Field as Terry did, Steve hadn't a ghost of a show. It would have been an unequal match, even had Terry not fouled Field. As it was, 4t was a foul flght on Terry's part from beginning to end, and Beferee Staokpole would have awardeathe purse to Field anyway on a foul had it not tormina ted bb it did. ' Professor Neagle wns just arranging the bottleB and the towels when he heard Field get a bang on the jaw, whioh would have sent Peter Jaokson to glory. Neagle, who had never seen suob foul fighting before, did not wait for Beferee Staokpole to order the men to break away, but said something to Terry. I thought he said, ' I'm Field's second, and if you don't give the man a fair show I'll tump ver in dec treat.' ' But Terry paid no attention to the . Professor, because he regarded him as only a feather- weight. He swung his ' right for a knock-out. Neagle, as spry as a cat. let flv bin lnff nn Tnn'o n-in,t ' and stopped him. Then Torry, recovering ? Bomewhat from his surprise, stopped in again to make a jab at Field with his left. Neagle countered with his right, and with hia left struck a heart blow that staggered Terry and mado him a little groggy. - Quick as a flash he lod out again with his right and hit Terry a round-arm blow at the butt of the oar that felled him. ' Terry did not rise at the end of ten seconds and Staokpole awarded the fight, to Field, on account of the foul of hitting him before time was called, and of Terry's striking Field at all when he was down. 'The odds had been on Field, and when Terry went down silence reigned supreme until Field and Neagle hopped over the ropes. Then they .were congratulated by a host of friendB. « 'Terry's seoonds removed him to tho Hammam^ Baths at Stookton. . There was great excitement ariftind tho ting, aa ye may suppose, and somebody or other fired ? off a pistol in the sorimmage.' 