FICTION. From English« American, «ntl otlwr I?rrlort*cul«. THE LOVE THAT TRUSTED. CHAPTEE I.-PATE. The " Confessions," I am about to write will be found to shadow forth one of the moot trying ex- periences that can fal] to a woman's lot. There is no need to " pile up the agony," or go out of the way to harrow the feelings. I 6hall simply relate the circumstances as they actually occurred; nevertheless, before you reach the end of this, my own true story, 1 think that you will agree that my first experiences of wedded life fully warranted me in declaring " that .marriage is in- deed a failure." At the time my story «pens my parents were both dead, and, so far as I knew, I had no living relatives. I My father had occupied a good social position in the North of England-we always lived up to our I ~" means, perhaps, strictly speaking, somewhat be- ' yond them-and when his death occurred, within a year of my mother's I found myself, at the age of twenty-thiee " cast homeless, and almost penniless« on the mercy of a cruel world." I laugh as I write this sentence. For I do not believe the world one half as cruel as popular cur" rent fiction represents it If there is any truth in the old adage, " God helps those who help them- selves," it is equally true that the world emulates its maker. Men and women are, as a rule, ready enough to lend a helping hand to those -who will .work. With the exception which proves the other rule, 1 have nothing now to do. When my affairs were settled, every creditor being paid in full, my ostensible possessions con- sisted of a few articles of furniture, a very elabor- ate wardrobe, and just twenty-one pounds a year» That my friends sincerely pitied me I am con- vinced ; some even shed tears when they expressed their deep commiseration : " My poor, poor child ! Whatever is to become of you ? Brought up as you have been in the very lap of luxury and with such ¡ expensive tastes !" were the usual sentiments vari- ously expressed. " I shall work," was my answer to one and all j but none seemed to understand me. "Do you mean, dear, that you think of being a governess ?" " Certainly not ¡ because I know I am not quali- fied. Yet I'll work for a living or perish in the attempt. Wait a while and you shall see." They waited; I pondered, and ultimately ar- ranged my plans. Now, secretly in my heart, I knew that I pos- sessed gifts that were beyond the power of wealth to buy. These were health, youth, and a happy disposition. The latter especially my parents had done their best to foster ; and for that alone I owe them a debt of gratitude that will last my life. "Jog on, jog on, the footpath way. And merrily beut the style-a : A merry heart goes all the day, Your aaú tires in a mile-a," was the first song taught me as my mother danced me on hpr knee. At three-and- twenty both words and music had become incorporated with my very being. Less than a dozen miles from my old home was a quiet little watering place on the North-East Coast called Gulcotes. There my old nurse-a true Nbrthsbire -woman, now a widow-rented a modest dwelling where she took lodgers ii'the summer time. I became her permanent lodger, which arrangement suited her purpose as well as it did my own. Gulcotes may be summarily described as con- sisting of three parts: to the north, a row of fishermen's cottages fronting some houses and shops of anoient date, divided by a modern hotel from an old unpretentious crescent which overlooked the , little haven ¡ beyond these, and also facing the sea, A newly built and handsome terrace, where reside most of the principal inhabitants of the place. Some of these residents, previous to my taking up my abode in the more humble crescent, were al- ready numbered among my friends. My tastes had always been artistic ; now, I turned them to account. I found many eager pupils both at Gulcotes and the neighbouring town of Lynmouth. The despatching of painted china to the " bakers," the large demand for materials requisite for tapestry-work, lincrusta-painting, and decorative panels, testified to the result of my en- deavours, so that within a year of arriving at Gulcotes I was earning what may be called a " moderate competency," and leading a very enjoy- able/though by no means idle, life. I was in tone with my environment. The much abused variableneBS of the North- Country climate suited me to perfection. The appearance of the fisher people combined with their rugged dialect and quaint ways appealed to my artistic sense. As I became better acquainted with them, I strove my utinoBt to imbue the young girls with a love for their calling, and for the pituresque garb that had been in vague at Gulcotes for so many generations. The little children, too, charmed me. They seemed -as obildren should be-always happy. If I saw a little one, by chance, in teara, I never could re- sist stopping, picking it up in my arms, and sooth- ing it with a song. I thought then, and I know now,1 that happiness resembles a flower. It may spring up in any soil, but needs cultivation before it eau weather the , storms of life. One evening-my day's work ended-I threw my- self upon the cushioned lounge close to the wide open window of my small sitting room. It was a glorious September evening. The scent of the sea- weed-nowhere so sweet as on our North-East Coast-was wafted toward me. The voices of the fÎ8herfolk, as they got ready their herring boats, mingled with the musical murmur of the sea. Soon, quite a fleet of boats rowed out of the little haven, and presently with hoisted sails glistening in the setting sun, they seemed to dance right merrily over the waves. Later, when darkness set in, their flickering lights looked like a flight of Bro- dies on the horizon. ' ' I waa falling into a delicious Btats of dreamy lethargy, when a sudden draught of air caused by the opening of the room door aroused me. "Sorry to disturb ye," said Mrs. Griffiths, coming forward, " but a lad's fetched & note doon frev' the vicarage, an' says he mun hev au answer." "O dear, O dear1." I sighed laughingly, "What can they want at the vicarage now ? Tfeey give one no peace, do they Griffiths? I ion't care whether it is Mr. Vicar or Mrs. Vicar! I'll not turn out for anyone to-night." Meanwhile, Mrs. Griffiths elosed the window and drew my writing table near me. Then she lighted the candles on it, sad laid-down the aote. " Mun aa bide, honey f" she asked. " Yes, please." The missive was from my old friend the vicar's wife. £ opened it leisurely, singing softly to my- self the while. But-my song stopped suddenly aa I reaa: Deareat Nellie,-Come to the vicarage to-morrow evening at eight o'clock. We are inviting some frienda to meetJ?hilip Lorraine who is^oming to spend a day or two with us before going to India. Or. dit he has got a splendid appointment out there. -With love, ever youre, DORA SCBOLEY. The warm colour rushed into my face. How stupid of me ! My hand ¿hook I am certain-or why did the note flutter to the ground ? I was angry with myself for feeding any emotion ¡ more angry still because I showed it. I sprang into a sitting position, drew the writing materials towards me and wrote a hurried answer regretting my inability to accept the invitation. Then Mrs Griffiths came forward and took the note to deliver to the messenger. " I will not recall the past," I said to myself when she left the room, " No even the ghost of it shall rise again ! Did I not tear from my diary each leaf on which a word relating to that episode -that ridiculous episode-was written ?" My cheeks burned afresh with shame ; I walked to the window, opened it and leaned out for the fresh sea breeze to cool them. " And yet-if he stays-a few days at the vicarage it will be most difficult to avoid a meeting. I can but try-try by . every means in my power to avert it. Still, should fate be stronger than I-should fate bring us once more together, what will be the result ? Well ! there will be nothing for it but-to my revenge ! .I am not at all a typical tragedy queen," I thought, laughing at the very idea of being the heroine of a vendetta, " but, so surely as fate throws Philip Lorraine across my path again, so surely will I try to punish him for-" . In order to break off this train of thought, I placed myself before my easel, began designing a panel, and very soon became deeply absorbed in my work. I do not know how long I may have been thus occnpied when Mrs. Griffiths showed in the vicar's wife. "My dear Nellie !" she exclaimed, grasping both my hands with great empressement, and speaking almost breathlessly, " I got your note. What do you mean ? You positively must come to-morrow. If you have an engagement, give it up." "But if I can't?" " That's nonsense." " I am very sorry," I said seriously, " but really, Dora, you must excuse me. I have a great deal of work to do at present, and really cannot allow pleasure to interfere with it." " Then you loon't come because of-" She dropped my hands, and looked at me with a scrutinising expression. "Because of what?" "That ridiculous gossip about Philip Lorraine. Don't I know quite well there was nothing in it ? that neither of you dreamed of such a thing, until some busy scandalmonger-" . " Oh, not that, please ! .At most it was merely idle gossip." " You are as nice about the choice of words as the poor dear vicar. But we aro getting away from the object of my visit. If you don't come to- morrow evening, Nell, our friends will inquire the reason; then the stupid old story will be re- vived-" *' But what can anyone say ?" I asked, momen- tarily consoling myself with the thought that, after all, most women have some girlish folly to bluBh over. "What won't they? In a plaoe like this, we women have little else to talk about.than each other's affaira." Dora never denied that abe dearly loved gossip. Everything that went on in Guleotes was known to her, while her matchmaking proclivities were spoken of far and wide. "If you really are so bent on it, I suppose I must arrange to come," I said, aB demurely as I could. " Please forget that I declined. Shall I bring music ?" " My dear girl ! don't you know we always depend on you for that?. Bring somethingthilliugly senti- mental-" " When does your visitor arrive ?" "To-night. The vicar was setting off to the etation to meet him when I carne here. You dear girl ! I am so glad I have succeeded in convincing you that it is best for you and Mr. Lorraine to meet. Mind, look your very nicest, and wear your * Liberty* gown," she added, as she kissed me good night at the door. " Which ?" I inquired, mischievously. For- tunately for me, all my gowns being " Liberty's," they were never out of fashion. " Oh ! the-the-yow know ! But now I must fly." I felt seriouB enough when I had closed the door on her ; for a happy day had come to a rather un- pleasant finale ¡ and I went to bed with the strongest determination not to think. If any of rav readera have ever tried as hard as I did to arrive at that much-coveted state of mental apathy, they probably know the result better than I can describe to them. I believed it to be essential to my happiness that I should not again meet Philip Lorraine. Pate had been stronger than I ; for Pate had decreed that meet we must. But how ? That was now the question to which I should have to find the answer. Before daylight carne I bad found that answer and arranged my "plan of campaign." Then and not till then-I sank into a peaceful and re- freshing slumber. CHAPTEE II.-MY VENDETTA. The following day_Iwent considerably out of my vra.f rather than pass the vicarage. I gave several lessons both morning and after- noon, enjoying them as usual, though with a differ ence ¡ for in imagination I was continually re- hearsing the part I meant to play at night, nor could I restrain an occasional smile of delighted triumph at the anticipated result. Being "only" a woman, I bestowed more care on my toilette than I had ever bestowed on it before. For the first time since my father's death I dis- carded the delicate " harmonies in grey" I had been wearing for one of the gayest gowns in what I have already said was a very elaborate wardrobe. This was an arrangement of clinging draperies in soft sea-green silk that might have composed the costume of a sea-nymph. My sole ornament was a «ingle row of pearls ; each bead had had been care fully selected by my dear father, and the necklace was given mo »n the day I became of age. Hither- to I had cared little about roy looks j now, how- ever, I surveyed them critically, and-am not ashamed to own I was delighted with them. I even " inventoried" them somewhat after the fashion of Olivia : " item, two lipa, indifferent red ¡ item, two grey eyes with lids to them ; item, one neck, one chin," and BO forth. An overweening sense of self-satisfaction raised my spirits to their highest pitch. I reached the vicarage late j it was part of my " plan," and, lightly ruffling up the tawny euria upon my forehead, I entered the drawing-room with my brightest smile Seme twenty guests were assembled, all knowm to me. The vicar's portly person, as he carne for- ward, for tho moment hid some of the company fro« wy view. But when he had moved aside, I saw instantly the slight, graceful form of the man I had been so anxious to avoid. The elear-ent, delicate features of the sensitive face, contrasting in its pallor with the dark hair and moustache, gave him an air of distinction that at any time would have appealed to my sense of the beautiful. And, with a feeling of annoyance, I knew that it did so now." " Mr. Lorraine-here is Misa Blake at last," I heard Mrs. Scroley aay,- and Baw her touch him on the arm. He came forward eagerly and held out his hand ; esme strange power impelling me, even against my will, to give him mine. The look in his usually dreamy eyes was full of fire and intensity ; so elo- quent-it startled me and caused me to falter in my purpose. His hand-clasp tightened. I felt the tell-tale colour deepen in my face j another moment and I might have forgotten my rôle, but the vicar came, quite unconsciously, to my aid. " Don't you think Miss Blake does us credit ?" he exclaimed, with a kind of showman-like manner. " Isn't she looking well ? All the sea air, my dear Lorraine ; there's nothing like it. You found out its efficacy when you were down hore among us two years ago. Our now eminent engineer scarcely looks as strong as he was then, does he ?" He spoke the last words in a lower and half-con- fidential tone to me. " Beally I don't know " I answered, laughing lightly. " My medical knowledge is-is simply no- where. So you intend going to India immediately I understand, Mr. Lorraine ?" I asked with affected carelessness,glancingaboutthe roomandacknowled ing some of my oldest friends by bows and smiles. He did not answer for a moment ; I knew that he was watching me intently. "Yes-as you say-immediately," he replied, speaking very slowly. " Then I wish you Ion voyage with all my heart. I dare say you are a good sailor j most people are so now-a-days. What a difference ther« is in tastes !" I continued, turning pointedly to Mrs. Scroley. " Fancy, if you and I were told we had to go to India, say to-morrow, ©r next day, or even next week, we should scarcely survive the announce- ment. Oh, it would be quite too utterly awful !" " Beally, Nellie, dear, I don't understand you. Surely you must be joking," she answered, looking at me displeased and puzzled. " Not at all, I assure you." " Oh, yes. It is one of Miss Nellie's charming little jokeB," echoed the vicar serenely. "I think not," said Philip, very quietly, but with such peculiar meaning in his tone-which was withal so sorrowful-that I had the greatest diffi- culty to' refrain from looking at him." " Miss Blake is asked to sing," said somebody at this juncture ; and glad of the timely interruption I went at once to the piano and sang " Tit-Wil- low," with all the serio-comic pathos I could com- mand. This waa so rapturously received that I gave other^ songs from "The Mikado" with a spirit and verve not often attempted in a private drawing room. I was not myself, you must remember ; I was acting a part; and every moment I was becoming more carried away with what I considered the success of it. The men crowded round me, applauding each song. Philip Lorraine alone re- mained aloof. " Bravo, bravo !" cried a young officer from Lynmouth Barracks. " You're abrick, Miss Blake," ke added, sotto voce. " Am I, really ?" " That you are !" And, by Jove, none of us had any idea-" " No ? You have now ?" " Rather !" " We, all po8seas some latent power that only requires to be called into action-our reserve forces you know." I liked young Waddy, regarding him as a mere boy. He was a blue-eyed, curly- headed, amusing young fellow new to the service-one who by-and by might make his mark ia it, but not quite yet. Leaning over the piano and dropping his voice to a low confidential tone, he asked : " Miss Blake, may I tell yon what our colonel says of you ?" " If it is sufficiently flattering, of course." "That depends on how you take it. Youaeewe were discuaaing the Lynmouth and Gulcotea girla last night at mess. The colonel said, ' Miss Blake is talented, but not clever. She ought to make a good match, but won't. She's just the girl to throw herself away on a poor curate-' " " Oh, spare me !" I sighed, parenthetically. " I'm a little hot-headed, you know, Miss Blake, and was dying to say something, when he added ' or an equally poon devil of a subaltern.'" And the young fellow stopped, blushing furiously. " x am giaa v^oionei ^umpoeu aoes not consider me worldly," I remarked composedly, after a moment's pause. " I'm quite sure he does not. None of us do. But, by Jove! with your talents, and . . . and . . . attractions--" " Don't talk nonsense." I ran my fingers lightly over the keys, and was about to sing again, when the vicar called from the whist-table, where he was getting as much enjoyment out of his favourite game as the music would allow " If there is to be any more singing, surely some- one will be/good enough to relieve Miss Blake Mrs. Scroley suggests she must be quite exhausted." "Oh, nothing ever tires me," I assured him. " And I love to feel that I am amusing your guests % but if anyone else-" " No one else would venture now, said Dora. " Why didn't you sing the style of song I asked you?" she whispered to me impatiently. There was an unpleasant significance in her words and manner which I thought it better to ignore. " Where is Mr. Lorraine ?" I inquired, pointedly. " Do persuade him to play or sing something of his own. It would be such a charming contrast to my-" I stopped short in some discomfiture, for, entirely contrary to'my expectation, Philip Lorraine, who had heard my words, came to the -piano. There was a look of intense pain stamped on his coun- tenance. Without seeming to Bee me, though I made way for him, ho sat down at the instrument and began Beethoven's " Moonlight Sonata." He played divinely. Every voice was hushed. The sudden transition from my light music to that of exquisite pathos had an almost electrical influence on some of the listeners, most of whom were musical} while the effect produced OH myself was as though every «ote-coming as it seemed from the SOHI of the performer-spoke to ma a reproach. I fought against the uncomfortable impression, however, and determined to end the evening as I had begun. When Mr, Lorraine ceased playing, he almost immediately left the room, and shortly afterwards the company began to disperse. I was not per- mitted to go until the very last ; and then both the vicar and his wife came with me to the door. " Well 3 yon have done for yourself !" exclaimed the latter. " I am sure we are very much indebted to Miss Blake," said her husband goodnaturedly, " for her very delightful-" " Performance," added his wife, with sarcastic emphasis. " Good night, Nellie dear j and if ever I try to do you a good turn again-" "Take Punch's advice, Dora-don't!" And, laughing gaily, I ran down to the gate followed elosely by Mrs. Griffiths, who always came for me on such occasions. It was a lovely night. I orossed the road and stood for a moment to watch the sea shimmering in the moon's beams. " Hoo hov ye enjoyed yor party, honey ?" asked Mrs. Griffiths. I answered in the way I often talked to my dear old nurse. "Ifeel as though I had been a naughty girl, Griffiths, as I used to be when you had to put me in the corner, long ago. But I am quite good now. What else could one be face to face with this ?" The efforts during the evening had cost me more than I imagined. An unwonted feeling of sadness was stealing over me ; the strains of Beethoven's sonata still lingered in my ears. " Allow me to walk home with.you," said a man's voice, so near that, but for its low, pathetic acoents, would have startled me. Turning round, I found myself face to face with Philip Lorraine. " On no account, thank you. I have my usual escort. Good night," was my hurried and not unerabarassed reply. "Will you kindly walk on ?" he asked of Mrs. Griffiths. " I wish to speak to MÍSB Blake privately." This was a bold stroke, and one for which I was quite unprepared. " Aa'll gan an' be gettin' the door opened, MÍSB Nellie." So saying, and before there was time to stop her, Mrs. Griffiiths departed. "Miss Blake-Nellie! What have I done that you should tieat me as you have to-night ?" inquired Mr. Lorraine, as he walked by my side along the cliff. " I do not know what right yon have to call me to account for-for-anything," I said, turning my face away, because I felt ashamed to look at him after-what seemed to me now-this ehildisb part I had been playing. " Pray pardon me," he replied, " I came here be- lieving I had certainly some right ; that of But your manner chills ma. I cannot go on. The words I came to speak died on my lips. If you would only say in what way I have been so very unfortunate as to offend yon !" " Why suppose I am offended ? I am sure I have not said so." " No. And that is the hardest part of it. This meeting-which I have looked forward to with suoh -happiness-" He paused a moment, then re- sumed. " Never for an instant dreaming that I should find you changed-" " And you do find me changed ?" " To all appearance, yes. Most sadly." " And even if I am ? What difference could it make-to you ?" I asked involuntarily, with a little catching of the breath. j " Only this, Miss Blake. If time and absence | have really changed you as you would have me think, then, never more will I believe in truth, in honour, ' or in noble womanhood. My love-my love for you-was no short-lived passion, but deep and true and tender-a love that laats for life j one that-pardon me for saying so-I believed you not only understood, but shared. I told you of my poor circumstances when we parted. Every day, every hour, since then I have been endeavouring to improve my worldly position-for your dear sake. By great good fortune it seemed to me shall I go on ?" he asked after a moment's pause. " I will not do so unlesa you wish it." The last sentence was spoken proudly. (To be continued.) 