BROKEN HILL NOTES. (By ' Smiles.') ' Baoing may be the sport of kings; but there are plenty of visitors up here for our race meeting who would find it hard to' raise a orown, if I oan judge them by their outside show, and they are wandering round oursing their luok because the raoes have been postponed on aooount of the wet weather. The Silverton meeting takes plaoe to-morrow, and I think it will be about tke tamest on record, for that onoe lively town is now very siok, and l m prepared to lay odds that these will be more crows on the ground than oaroases to pick. I have never seenBuehan an ay of 'talent ' in this part of the world as now abide with ue— spielers, booimkers, thieves, and boxers have come, and they have pitohed their tents in our midst, and it ia quite possible that some of them will stay here and learn the nobleart of oraoUng silver . slugs, for our polioe sergeant is a hot member to oeal with, and is death oa the 'olever' orowd. The Broken Hill Meeting will be a very tamo affair, and if the ' books ' get a clean bill all round I doubt if they will make enough to pay expenses. In the fietio line we have quite an army of exponents. Boland and Owen Sullivan fought eight rounds last sight to a £45 house; but the Barrier boya were not satisfied with the show. Ihe 'pugs' made a mistake when they advertised the go as a knook-out, for there are hundreds up here who have been ia the habit of attending Lanrenoe Foley's rooms in Sydney. They won't stand ' sohlentera ' at any price, and more than osoe, when Snllivan refused to send Peter to deep, I heard a voice frcp the orowd yell, ' Why the devil don't you fight, you want the Bbfbbkb abont yoa,' fortyour paper ia beloved by the ' sports ' of Broken Hill. Now, the eight rounds were real hot, hand fought business, and the man who aaked for harder work waa a gluttoa. Yet the puss were to blame, as it was ap parent to all that it was a 'put up job/' for Bullivon had Peter in tronble after the third round, and oould have knocked ohip9 off the game little follow if he had been fair on the job. Sullivan has improved in a wonderfal manner dnring the laet few months, and Boland had not; a ghost of a ehow with him, and if yoa have any 12at men over your way who banker for a little healthy exercise, just tell them to drop a line to me, oare of fiAauaa Mimbb offioe. I'll fix op a match for them with thia long-leffged, raw-boned, but manly hearted boxer. Owen ia list 10lb, and will fight any man in Auatralia at Broken Hill, providing his opponent eaa tip the beam ai 12st. There is one thing tbat is troubling us. I have been asked by scores to bring it before the BBFBBSE. Our complaint is fixed like tbis. On the . Barrier we havo no ohanoe of outdoor sport, no shooting, hunting, or boating, , and we want to fix up an athletio olub on the lineB of the 'Califomian Club, but Our Sergeant of tolioe has said wc shall not box for more than eight rounds. Now this will not do np here, and as ther allov finish fights in Sydney, why in goodness' aims are we who reside in one of the most desolate spots in New South Wales to be prevented Irom enjoying the privileges whioh you happy mortals down there possess :? 1 If you will stir this matter up, I think that the Commla ; sionera of Polioe will see that we get justioe, or perhap'B if you oall our' Parliamentary representative's attention to tho matter he may let ns know how it ia that there is one law for Sydney and another for poor benighted Broken Hill. If you get the sanotion of the authoritiea for ub to box to a finish I can get a £50 purse together for Dooley and SaUivan right away. Wehaveulotof promising young sters amongst the miners hero, who would give some of vonr talent a shaking before they carried off the purses. So if the Bbfbbbe deairea to get right into tho teuderoBt part of I our vitals, and so insure an immense roa i lotion, this ia the card to play. Young Alf. ! Morgan, a miner hero, ia baoked to fight Billy ? Maher on the 24th for £10 aside, the fight to ' last until the polioe interfere or a knock- out : takoB plaoe.. I know this is straight business, ' as I drew ap artiolos and hold stakes. I only wish the polioe would let it go to a ; finish, as they are a oouple of game lads. Yoa ; will hear of Morgan in the magio oirolo yet, ! even if he is beaten in this, his first puolio \- trial for : money. Jaok Graham, Luke ; Keeghan, Fred Evans, Jaok Stewart, Bath gate, and H. Edwards are also here; but I den't think they will make salt under .the : present regimt, P.B.— If finishes are allowed 'we intend to get a Broken Hill ohampion silver belt worthy of the plaoe, to be fought 'for nnder the olub rules. 