The Murderer Harrison. WAS HE GUILTY OF OTHER FOUL DEEDS? Referring to the execution of the man Harri- son, convicted of the Elmore murder, the Mel- bourne ARGUS remarks : " So far as the very great majority are concerned, the latest and chiefest mystery with which Harrison has been concerned may be regarded as satisfactorily ended. He himself is hanged, and so murder is avenged. But other mysteries spring up now like fungi about the bole of a dead tree; or rather, perhaps, as larvæ released from some un- holy corpse. We are all pretty well satisfied that the Elmore murderer has been hanged, and agree that, on that account alone, he had rendered himself most proper Fleisch fur die Rabenstein But did he qualify himself by other foul deeds done long ago ? It is at this question that the unclean ghosts, the larvæ, the shapeless forms intrude, and we begin to long for some good old King of Denmark or John Fisher sort of ghost to speak out. (Though the latter, it has since been ascertained, consisted of such mundane and material matter as an old pair of breeches hanging on a fence post.) The ghosts do not help us nowadays, and, indeed, do not rise at all without ; some ante-mor- tem effort on the part of the criminal, or easily traced human assistance after his death. In this case Harrison himself was careful to let one ghost loose just prior to yielding his own. It was that of Cordini, hanged at Deniliquin, N.S.W., for the murder of the hawker, about four years ago. Cordini, it will be remembered, died protesting his innocence, and indeed, it seemed to many people at the time that he was found guilty a little too easily. And afterwards, when further investigation was made, care seemed to be taken rather to sift the facts produced at the trial than to corroborate or refute them by further search. It was not taken kindly in Sydney that an effort should be made here to prevent a possibly inju- dicious hanging. We were charged with meddling, and presumably, and with equal show of reason, we should also be guilty of meddling if we made an effort to save the life of any poor devil who might be drowning in a creek two chains the other side of the Murray. Now, Harrison has said, "I know that Cordini ' was innocent;" and, though possibly Harrison on Cordini may be no more trustworthy than Harri- son on Harrison, the assertion causes an un- pleasant sensation. This, however, is partially corrected when we consider that, whether true or false, the assertion must in a measure pile up Harrison's guilt. If a lie, it simply adds a small amount to a black total: but, if true, it adds on terribly. If Harrison, knowing the truth of the matter, kept back his evidence at Cordini's trial, he was clearly guilty of his death. But if he knew aught, is it not exceedingly probable that he knew all ? And, indeed, when the two murders are compared, a very peculiar similarity in method appears. In both cases it was a brutal, determined beating out of life with the readiest weapon — an axe in the one case, a tomahawk in the other. In the hawker's murder concealment was begun by covering the body with a sheep skin, and possibly was then interrupted; while in the other case time was found, to complete the work. Nor is it of any use trying to lay lay ghosts of this sort by asking, 'Whence came the man and whither did he go?' Whence come and whither go half the roving population of the bush ? They are, perhaps, the most utter non- entities to be found among any civilised people. But of the other ghosts which now seem to hover and gibber about Harrison's remains:- Who bruited the stories about them and their connec- tion with Harrison ? If the police had suspicions that Harrison might have been the murderer in any undiscovered case it was not politic to make such suspicions public. For nobody will really and absolutely believe that Harrison was the mur- derer, and many people will say, " It is easy to shift blame to a dead mans shoulders." Har- rison may, indeed, have been the mur- derer on many an instance, for murder is made desperately easy and safe by the cir- cumstances of the Australian bush ; and, more- over, few men who known aught of the world believe nowadays that Eugene Adam's doom is common or Cain's brand set visibly on Cain's brethren. That arch-fiend Sullivan (of New Zealand fame), who deserved, if man ever did, to be roasted slow even on earth, preserved a very respectable presence, and even a social demeanor on the close environment of a sailing vessel, till smelled out by a sailor who remembered him, when himself doing a runaway term in the Dunedin Gaol. And more than one or two mur- derers are now probably walking about amongst us. It is at a time such as this that we ask once again — Will there ever be a solution of that strange and terrible Bermagui mystery, where four men in a solitary coastal district of New South Wales, died, and as all available evidence shows, violent deaths ? They were seen and were missed —lost. And some of their lives were very valuable, and some of their memories are still very dear, and not one man in a hundred who has studied all that is known of their case believes aught but that they were mur- dered, Harrison may have been there too. It would be some satisfaction to know that he was there, and at the time the mystery began. Such knowledge, if available, should also be of some use to the police as a clue, for there must have been associates in that case ; and who have been Harrison's associates ? Possibly some of the ghosts about just now might answer that aright. One other important question arises, however. If any attempt is made to attach to Harrison the guilt of any other crime, why did he, in this in- stance, permit his own folly to surrender him so easily to justice ? The answer is, probably, he was drinking at the time; and drink, while it quickened his brutality, blunted his native cun- ning. He began to spend before he had placed any distance between himself and his crime. He murdered in this instance in his own. locality, and was fettered to his crime by his own home ties. He became a fool as well as a murderer at last. And is is not painfully clear that his victim had been a fool his whole life long ? He had practised the pernicious habit of hoarding and holding money, and yet could not keep his own counsel. He made public boast of his wealth, and public show of his gold, and therefore it was not a matter to occasion surprise that one night another accompanied or followed him down to the hut, and then —— We know the rest. Many a man has suffered through this habit of barring the door to available cash with nothing better than his own poor life, and each fresh victim should proclaim the folly of the thing, and with a loud voice of warning. Duggan's fate may warn in this way, and Harrison's doom in another. But there will be found a great many people in the colony anxious for a little more satis- faction than the expiation on the gallows affords. Taking up the threads which have already been discovered, it should not be impossible to arrive at a pretty near estimate of the movements and history of Harrison for some years past. His family connections are all in the colony. He was not, as an immigrant waif, drifted into the bush and lost. Wherever he has roamed he must have kept some lines of communication open, and it is much to be desired that these should be traced. 