SPORTING NOTES. [Br TBUMPAXOB.] Final payments for the Handicaps and general entries for Onkaparinga close with Mr. Von Donssa at 8 o'clock on Monday evening. Daring the week there has been a gcod deal of betting of rather a mixed kind over the Hurdle J&ace; and Steeplechase. The amateur element has been very prominent, and as a consequence the wagering has been of a peculiar nature, fancy prices being the rale rather than the exception. Bath Sluggard and Flashlight remain very firm, no liberties being taken with either of the BBllarat pair. On Tuesday 280 to 160 was taken Sluggard for the Hurdle Race, and as tbe day approaches he looks more formidable than ever. At Kapnnda Steelbit, who we imagined had an outside chance, ran so badly that the amateur bookmaker who has rnled the betting market for the last few days laid 300 to 3 against him. As muoh as 1C0 to 1 was offered Bachelor on Monday night, the prevailing impression at that time being that he would be reserved for the Cup. Sinoe then there have been signs that the good-looking black may run over the little sticks after all; but I doubt if anything is definitely settled yet Banker did not run in the Hnrdle Race at Narracoorte, but he romped home for the Bracelet, and appears to be in great heart. Snapdragon and Speculation are both under a cloud, and at present I do not expect either to see the post. Young Agent was to the fore at Narraooorte, and I believe be will run, but in form Banker holds him safe. Highover has paid np for no less than three races. He seems to be a fair horse, and might run well over hurdles. Dingo ran second at Ballarat on Saturday, the company being only moderate. Beggarman may prove the best of the others, but bar accidentB, Sluggard and Banker seem to stand ont from the field, and I think baokers of Mr. W. B. Wilson's black will win their money. The ptincipal move in connection with the Steeplechase has been the support awarded to Lovelocks. This mare is a stable companion of Ashes, and her party have accepted 1,000 to 80 that Bhe wins. So far Lovelocks, although very good- looking, has been a failure when fancied, and her public performances do not juBtify one in predioting that she will negotiate the country safely. That she has been jumped in private and given satisfaction iB pretty certain, bnt, both going, I would mnch rather back a safe old conveyance like Ashes. This peculiar-looking chesnut is well handicapped, and moreover he is just the sort to get to the end of the journey. Saxon ran again last Saturday, and there is still no difficulty about backing him at 10 to 1. Mahdi keeps his plaoe as second favourite, and he ought to shorten in price before the day. Thtee to one iB still wanted about Flashlight, whose backers will probably take shorter oddB at the post if they do not do so before, as tbe strength of the field seems to be dwindling. Snapdragon's chance need not be discussed at present, as Mr. Green is still pursuing a policy of "masterly inactivity" with regard to the correction of his nomination. Wednesday's running at Kapunda and Mount Gambier has some bearing on the race, Tamanack cut up so badly in the Steeplechase that his chance seems gone, and although Receipt can stay and jump, he is not much better than Sweep, and Mr. Ferry's old black is not Onkaparinga form this year. Beadsman only ran third at Mount Gambier in a small Hurdle Race on Wednesday, and he may be put on one side, i think, as'Pacific, his conqueror, is engaged in the Steeplechase at Oakbank. Skylark IL is very well, and if he doss not rusn his fences and fall he should run creditably. Another fair outsider is Rob Roy, but I think the winner will come from Flashlight, Mahdi, and Saxon, the topweight for choice. There will only be about eight starters for the Onkaparinga Cap. Micawber won his race at Kapunda in a canter, and unlesB Chetwynd oomeB over Mr. Cleary's brown will start favourite. Ivanhoe, Bachelor, Vanity, Merry Soul, Viator, Britannia, and perhaps Lady Kintore will make np the field, and the Snowtown Handicap winner should make a good fight with Mioawber now that the latter is penalized. Duringthe week Ynle has been backed for the Hill Railway StakeB, and such a quiok beginner must be respected over thlB course. Goldstream and The Flower read dangerous, although the filly has been given quite enough weight. The full programme of the S.AJ.C. will require attention on Tuesday next at 4 o'clock. To begin with, final payments for the Goodwoo Handicap (£3), and the Adelaide Cup (£5), must be made. I doubt if more than two or three will drop out of these races, as with the exception of Lord John all the nags engaged seem to be getting on very well. Particulars of the stakeB which close will be found elsewhere. The South Austra lian Stakes for two-year-olds should be worthy the attention of Victorian owners, as youngsters are a scarce commodity over here, and a fairly good one would have no difficulty in paying ite expenses. The Railway Stakes of £50, run over half-a-mile under selling conditions, should take, and the Baker Handicap of £100 with a sweep of £3 added, one mile, strikes me as a priza which should meet with the approval of owners. It is the last race on the first day, aud the winner will have every chance of procuring a good stake from the totalizator. On the Cup day there are four races in the programme, entries for which close on Tuesday. _ The Novel Selling Race has peculiar conditions attached with a view to securing a bonus for the Club. The winner is to be sold for one sovereign, and a horse will have to put np 7 lb. for every additional £10 tacked on to his price. The ordinary stipulations are made in the Selling Steeplechase, which is not likely to yield the Club much profit The Nursery Handicap is a sweep of 380VS., with £75 added, and the day's racing will wind up with the Fisher StakeB, a £100 handicap—distance, one mile and a quarter. This should command a good entry. On the third (Steeplechase) day there is a Selling Hnrdle Bass of £50, tbe Totalizator Handioap of £100, the Ladies' Bracelet, and the S. A.J. C. Handicap of £100 to be attended to, and entries will be received at the S.A J.C.* V.R.C., and A.J.C. Offices ap to4 o'clock on Tuesday afternoon. At intervals during the week there has been some desultory betting over the Adelaide Cap, but I doubt if any horse except Affluence has been genuinely backed. This horse is not doing any fast work; bat his owner seems satisfied that he will be pretty well on the dayvand he does not miss sny chance of taking lOO's to 12. Recall has been laid and then backed by the same party in a most perplexing manner. One hundred to 15 is enerally the rate of odds accepted about the flagot Plate winner, who is still at Flemington and apparently doing well; 5 to 1 is the offer on the field; but the legitimate bookmakers have very little money to lay, and until Onkaparinga is over tbe Ring will not settle down to business over the S.A. J.C. Meeting. The Kapunda people had a very successful little meeting on Wednesday despite the postponment and compulsory changing of the Course. From a racing point of view the departure from Mr. White's paddock to Bagot's Well was a decided improvement The latter place is eminently jnited for a Racecourse, and although it is 4 miles out of Kapunda this slight drawback is more than counterbalanced by its superiority to any other ground which can be secured. It was not until last Monday that the committee decided that a move to Bagot's Well was imperative, consequently they had little time to put the plaoe in order, but a good course and fair jnmps are. really the essentials to a successful meeting, and the Club was able to offer both these advantages. The Steeplechase fences were improvised, bat they answered very well, and I hope the Club will make np their mind to race permanently at Bagofs Well, and put np the necessary improvements so that their meetings may be properly conducted. Punctuality was fairly observed on Wednesday, and as the weather waa fine the day proved very enjoyable. The special train arranged by Mr. Danlevie proved a great boon to the Adelaide visitors, who were able to do the whole trip in about twelve hours, instead of having to leave at 7 o'clock in the morning and remain a night in Kapunda. The feature of the meeting was the success of the local horses. Both Don Quixote and Sir Joseph are owned by Kapnnda men, and Mr. Cleary, the owner of Micawber, is a resident in the district. Salisbury, the winner of the Light Stakes, was bred by Mr. John Harvey, and is a half-brother to the chesnut-roan Ghost, who won several fair races in Victoria. Salisbury is an ugly tempered colt, and he only just squeezed home from Richmond. This horse, who should be renamed to avoid confusion, is a very shapely brown by Richmond from Britannia. He was in no condition, but if looks and breeding go for anything he should be worth putting into the hands of a good trainer. Poor old Don Quixote is only a shadow of the horse who won the V.B.C. Grand National; but despite his dicky legs, he was too good for tbe lot opposed to him in the hurdles. Simpleton knocked himself about in jumping, and looked very woe-begone after the race, but he belongs to Mr. Ferry, and aB a consequence had to run twice afterwards. Micawber is much fitter than when he ran at Snowtown, and as I predicted the Kapunda Handicap proved a good thing for him. He won in a common canter, and as Mr. Hnghes was there to see, there is not much chance of his being let off under 10 st. in country handioaps for some time to come. Comet was equal to beating the Adelaide pair Native and Steelbit, and our trainers will have to travel with something better than these two if they wish to cope successfully with the Northern horses. The Steeplechase was a a splendid race between two, although Sir JoBeph, whose fore legs are a study, won comfortably at the finish. McGregor drove Receipt along from start to finish in the hope of bringing his opponents down, but Sir Joseph jumped ju»t as well as the South- Eastern nag. Tamanack was in one of his sulky moods, and after hitting one or two fences he refnBed to try. The Totalizator paid several good dividends, and was fairly patronised, seeing that the bookmakers were stationed alongside. At Narracoorte Young Agent succeeded in picking np a couple of flat raceB, and I hear his connection do not regard his chance for the Onkaparinga Hurdle Race as a forlorn one by any means. Banker wen his race in the easiest style, and all going well he well carry a deal of money on Easter Monday. At Mount Gambier Beggerman won the Bracelet, but lost the stake through not carrying a penalty, and the only other Onkaparinga nags whioh performed were Beadsman and Pacific. The sale of gates and booths for the Onkaparinga Meeting on Monday evening fairly beat the record. The gates brought £371 as against £265 last year. The total came to £558 158,, whereas the lot brought £371 in 1888\. I hope the plucky purchasers will be rewarded with a fine day on Easter Monday. John Hill seems to be somewhat out of lack jast now. Last week Voltigeur died, and now I hear that Lord John, who had an excellent chance for the Goodwood Handicap, has gone wrong. General entries for the Laura Meeting close next Monday. Since the acceptances closed the Secretary wires that Leonora was omitted by mistake from the Flying Handicap, and Revel from the Hardies, These sort of mistakes ought not to occur so frequently. Beadsman II., the smart little Tasmanian jumper, has died from the injuries he received when he fell at the last Caulfield Meeting. The Hawkesbnry Meeting, which begins to-day, does not excite much interest so far, but the Autumn Handicap on Saturday may call foith a little speculation. A great many horses are working at Randwick, the latest additions to the arrivals there being Man ton and Locbiel. The former is described as a very handsome colt, bnt his being well enough to win the Sydney Cnp is doubted. The best judges can hardly speak positively as to the racing condition of a horse they have never seen before, however, and may be Manton is forward enough to play a prominent part in the big handicap. Abercorn is doing good sound work, and I see has come to 5 to 1 for the Cup. That the handsome cheBnnt will oarry his 9 st 4 lb. successfully is highly probable, but I see his old opponent the Australian Peer is doing famously on the training ground, and Carbine wQI probably be included in the field. The Queensland borse Yabba is the sensational hoise in the morningB, and he will be dangerous the first time he iB backed. With Abercorn, the Peer, Lochiel, Carbine, Manton, Carlyon, Plutarch, and Yabba all going well the A.J.C. Autumn Meeting ehould be quite np to the standard, 