Novelist. The Ghost of Oak Crag. BY ESTHER SERLE KENNETH. The old Meadows house. Everyone in Lennox know where it was. For years ' only part of it wiib occupied. The build ing stood lipon what waa called ' 1 Oak ? Crag,' and. ipso, a- great solemn stone building, nearly square, in Iho full sight '? .of this town. Once it Bad fieon a very popular placo, ? ns tho country seat, of 'tho Meadows, , ? partita from tho city , tliroiiged it all summer, It was known as a popular ro , .ort .whilo old Drako Meadows lived; .But for years it had boon .nearly.; de- sorted,. ond most of tho family ^weru dead. ? Tho family had rapidly died out. Old . - Drake Meadows li-st his wifo and daugh ter, ^then parted with this life himself, leaving tlio property Io two sons— ono of . whom, veiy wenlthy, resided in Enropo j tho other— well, nobody knew exactly whero Rick Meadows wbb or what had become of him. IIo iised to be known it(. the old times as tho scapcgraco son, who was always in diflicu'ty. Ho had a kind of nassionato nride.' but no dwnitv. T-Tn was hail fellow well met with everybody, and used to go fishing with tho tavern' boys, and olf on night i.xpeditioris after nobody knew. what. A great trip! to his rather tilTy 'proud®^elations, thotairns pouplo assorted ; but with thorn ho wa3 a great favorite. - . ? In apito of his pranks upontlr^ir per iods and property, thoru wero jjfenerous wayjand winning tricks about.* the boy. Ho. would sDinotimcs atone in the moat laviah-'ninnncr for his depredations upon thoir possessions — bringing back tho fruit or chickoris or pumpkins hohad stolen at ' night, or if, tha property was destroyed, -mora than paying for it out of hia pocket ';;nioney. Whon angered or insulted, ho wpul, cl' -fight .like a'' young demon; and. Adrivo everything beforo him. In his por-' siinal likings .ho w'ss ijuito' as fervid, and ' to lovo andliato. liko Rick Meadows' , hadbccoiiiba proverb* in tho town. But wlion tho family ileft tho Cray, ono ijutumn. niid' never camo back again, Iticlc disappeared. fromHhoir view. Ho wns a lii-l of eighteen tlion ; ana, riot long after nows bf lnV father's death camo, it, wanreporleu tliutlio liad gono into Iho ormy.!';.V V ' '? 1'or yeare. and. years tho houso stood empty. . : Tho gardi'n run to wnsto, tho fences -grew dilupidatfed', and tho trees seemed tiv#'gli. i'n'a iiioflrnful way boforu ? tho silent,.doorvHheuJqno daj-;a meBsaii rcr arrived from th'o'*cify.to say that Ed Wiil'd' -Meadows, tins owner, wanted to |iut;an occupant in it wifo would koep tho liliiCo m oftli r fi-r.tho rent. ?? .' -. 'Tlni iiews snnnied ii port ! ct godaend^f I .. ]3nnii'» Liiiiii'1. She hover thuught^Jr a 1 .luimiuiit tli it Iho Iioubo was lySuntod -, ?(or thb; plaoc, liko' moy othot^Ttdcsorled .' jbal-itatisji-, had gathered disj/griSiblo ro ^J)ort-r - Site oftV: know thatnt w'agUl bo ti P%6nio , for her btv.tlics-^ JVesto^ and [; ierself during Woatoriy i sJudtjMrt and * - ihoaccordingly applied lor itiJWpbtam ji' ?J Tho brother and siater ivoro, very Hlifforont. Dcarlv ns limma Lamnr lovcd ^Bdr ?. t#*6thor Westerly , Lamiir ? was bad, :pas6Uinatfl, unsavupulous follow, haa inherited clmloric . blood anil a' i riat'uro from his fntlior. All his Kblo uqiialiiieV seomed trans lis ' Bister/ Emma was^ttio; I twonty-thrce. Westerly! : ? : ? * . facihg of a hanl world had taniar an aic .that- was a .but; sho had- oxquisito. fea-,. itftifiil, ;dnrli.,blue oye». -Sho besh » bpiintjp and a Jiollo if easeil-tho ti^stfii and' mnmicni tml a be'.lo ; but lifo was mid Veen a. serWiis matter with *nd sow' fiiihor;&rid;', mother*' iarly .yoiith.j and VtioHr' ; slid cstcrly, who wns not a very. -Vjecl to livo'for. , . ' : WdstoVly was; studying' modicino, and i'.v' irnB, at;leaat, a^ambitioua student. . Of j^^ourso - they wero poor, but Kmhia'a ^^^^?biljty kopt thorn always in rcSpcct ^^^^^Dpcn'ranco. Sho kept them also ^^^^^M^idcpen-!$nt«abd out of dol't which gavo thorn a strong claim to tho ro spoot of thoir neighbors. When thoy wont to Oak Crag to livo, thoy had everybody's best wishes. No one waa particularly fond of Westerly Lamar, but all wished him well for hiB Bistor's aako. Evoryono approved of Emma Lamar, the devoted daughter and good sister. - ; . . . ' The first evening thoy spent at Oak Crag, both folt a littlo . strangely. Tliey occupied tho west side. Tho remainder of th'o houso was deathly still. That morning thoy had wandered through it, viewing for tho first tiino tho spacious rooms, hn'.f stripped of their furnishings, imirk.v aud dusty, and smolling of mould. Tho placo was merely a curiosity to them then; but when darkness cloaod over it, and they remombercd what a changed placo it Avas since the. days whon tho grand old placo had been thoir childhood's awo and admiration, tho neighborhood of thoso cold and desolnto rooms to their ovoning firo was a littlo oppres sive. * 'This is a pokerish placo, after all, Em,' said Wenterly, aftor ho had sat silent a while, listening to tho moaning of tho wind in tho. chimney, while his sister Emma sat by the hearth, absorbed in her work. Sho locked up. ' But it i3 going to bo so much bettor for us, Westerly.' ' It will tako all my time to look after that old gardon.' ? ? 'Not moro timo than you ought to givo to excr--iso nftor studying so niucli.' 'But I want to go into tlio city some times.' And Westerly Lamar roso, strolled to tho window, and looked thoughtfully out at tlio pitch-black' night. His sistor waa silont fora momont,thcn bIio Ftiiif : . ... 'You mustu'l go into tho city and leave mo alono hero, Westerly.'' 'I'd novir have enmo hero if I had thought of that,' exclaimed Wcstorly Lamar, impatiently. »' What wero you thinking of when you mado tho plan, Em? Uid ynu want to bury us alive V ' We can't afford to bo very gay, -Westerly.' ' Afford ! I'll afford a., decent lifo oiip of theso days,' muttered tfio'youpj. J.iuin, aB lie turned again to tlio ^Window, iridT i'lbok'ed;at the city lights. , | There was a look of peculiar concern jupon his sister's faco as 'l-n nolt on with L,Vicr'Worfc' She might havo been hurt by .her brother's ingratitude, or .perhaps sh.^ was thinking lior plan of coming to Oak Cmg might bo an unfortunate ono. Hor expression . was very gravo, whatever might bo its cau'so. , Wostcily finally returned from tho window to his books. As. the moments passed, and the clock tickcd loudly in tho. silont room, Emma's head bent lower ond lower over her sewing, and at last n tear splaBhcd on tho snowy . linon. She liatl tried, bo hard to make the placo pleasant and homelike to Wcstorly 1 At loast it did ucetn that ho was unapprcciative. Ho looked up at her suddenly as tho clock struck ton. ?' ? ?'Em, you hnd botter go to bed. I am going to sludy till late,' lie said. Emma hesitated. : j ' I'm not sleepy. Won't you bo lonely hero, Westerly V' j ' No,' ho replied. ' I can study much i better by myBclf.' _ ' So, after a littlo while, Emma put by lior work, bade him good-night, and wont ! a'.rofs tbo hall to hor room, I She sighed heavily as Bho lot down hbr ? I hair beforo tho mirror; andi as sho looked at the reflection of her faco, bIio saw that j.Iiur cheek wa-; palo, and her eyCB mourri tul and stcadtast. Sho. went to bed, but did not sleep. She watched tho 'moonlight creep across tho floor, and listened to tl.o dismal wail ing of tha wind,, until tho, clock struck twelve. Then eho roso, wrapped herself from tho frosty air, and stepped across tho hall. Sho opened tlio sitting room door softly ami looked in. .Tha oil had burned out of tho lamp, and tho wick sputtered feobly.- The room lywunoccupiod, and apparently had beori'-for somo timo, for tho firo w.is out, and tho' atmosphere 'was chilly. Emma Lamar wont back to hor bed, and. burying lier faco- in tho pillows, sobbed like a child. . Sho realised hor dreadful situation. Probably sho Would bo left alono in that desolate place night nrter night, whilo lior brother was away, Heaven only knew whero. Sho had her sccrot. For tho last throe montlib her brother had been accustomod secretly to take tho night tram at olovon o'clook, go into tlio city, and return to hiYroom at somowhero about four o'clock in tlioj m'crnirg. ? She possessed this knowledge unknown to him. When ho would^nnfco liis appearance at breakfast, it vfouUl bo with palo clieoka and bloodsbfot oyos, ot sullen and heavy headed wjtfn insutliciont. sleep. With a dreail^at waa almoat a surety of ovil, she Iw&asked; no questions. Sho boliovcd hey^rothor to bo wedded to somo bad practice, but tlio could not toll what. , Hp^w us easily angered, and sho did . n^t^'unro qiicstinn him for fear of cauwfng an outbreak which would bo un _jyftisfnction.- S'i, aftor moBt oarnost thought, sho had enrao to Oak Crag, hoping thnfc tho ohanga of situation and tho demand upon his time and attontion might alter: his habits. Site - was con yiiieed thnt, the plan was unsuccessful; and tho prospnet of being left alono iu t. ,.innn M,*,.i.f ? .appalling. ' Tho^clook struck ono. Just than a slightlibiso startled hor.- Sho raised lier hijad and liatoned. It ivaa a stop in tho iSfctim abovo. ; Her heart stood still, arid tlrtn commenced beating so that she was nciirly suffocated. . . ; . Her first thought was to lock tho door of lior room, Sho did this, and then eront bsck.int'o t-a(l ond listened. Shoioutd i distinctly hear-somo one going about ovor [ head, and fot'.a while she \vas completely abandonod to. terror.' Then sho attompted somo solution of\tlio problem. 'Tho houso and tho 'jtoiso might bo caused by^Ats; But slip could riot, . in reason, entertain thia idea more than a minute. Tho atop hocairio a fogular pacing over. htad, ; : .-'/'.v , Sho wan convinced thatBomo ono beside htstisolf was 'in the houso^ Sho lay find listened to tlio sound. -^THop alio thought it inl^iit bo Westerly .; but sho know, too .well vtlir.t . hor brother nbhorrod ' thoso lonely procmcts overhoad, and would by nb'moans ontor 4Uonvby.;.mgl\ti ? Ho was inilos liway, and she waa valquo m what seemed to her great danger. ~ Tho suito.of rooms that the Lamnra liad takon wero on the ground iloor. Emma's bedroom window waa -about tlireo fee1; :. ? f ~ ? from tho gardon walk. ^Throiigh oak boughs tho moonlight flickored on th« floor, and sho lay looking at.,it1ris ?itio^j listened. Suddenly tlio sound ovothoad jl ccaaod. Wondering what this portend, sho listened: anxiously j fearing, possibly,, some assault? sho^^H momborcd that her bodroom wlndaj^^^| not faatencd, and tho: rooinwa^^^^^H from thu ground. sho was about to slip faston tlio of to tva a moment ; Whon sho sho heard hor ro slio turned, 'and it mu»t^^^^^^HH^^ngr With a feeling of Bat^^^P^^rened upon hor pillotfj, and,' rescBl^gto investigato tho mystery aa day c^ino, fall aslcop. It was lato ivlien isho awoke, and sho sprang from bed bef ore she remembered thn cvonta of tlio nijiht. It'seoniod like a dream ns'she suddenly romembcred what tho last night's expeiienco had been ; and! tho iiioro .so whon jslio throw open'*tho windows atid let in Jbho ringing songs of. tho birds. T At breakfast sho1, told ; Westerly the story. lie came out; of liis room sleepy and sullen ; 'but wli'on sho commenced her narrative lie flashed into sudden anger. : j ' I tell yoii tho cursed old placo is haunted, Em,1' ho oxcjlaimed. 'Ofcourso it is. 'There's -no' othjer solution for such sights arid sounds. - I presumo old Bloadow's ghost haunts i\t ; and unless you want such visitors every night wo had hotter leave. ' ^ ' If/I thought it nothing jmoro real than ghosts, and you woro hcroL Westerly, I should not bo afraid,' repliJd his siater. ' 'What do you. mean fey my. being lip're 5' ho said quickly. t \- ' You wero not hero last (night,. Wes terly,' answorcd Emma, hardly willingj.o uieet his glance of astonisjhmbfit^nnd nngcr at her discovery, yot speaking firmly. _ - ... i ' ' ' Wcstorly waa silent. a mormont, then said with cool bravado,—' , 1. ' ' I had business in tlio city.j And I'll toll you what, Em, I may b,y®away any aright. So, if yn'i don't want to bo. left: Ataio here with tho ghosts, you'd' better fittd aoirio other abode. For my: part; 1 never was in favor of coming hor.' ' ' Why, what can yoli'-want. in tho city at night, Woatorly ?' said Emnia, sorrow fully/ - '?.That's my business, ' replied Weatorly, gruffly, bonding over his breakfast, j' Here the conversation dropped, for Emma felt too deeply for- words, and Westerly nto his breakfast in silence. . During tho forenoon thoy went about thoir separate occupations ; but in the afternoon Emma camo into the sit ting-room where hor brother sat studying, and laying hor hand lightly upon.hia arm, asked, — ' Wcstorly, will you go up stairs with' mo?' ' What for ?' lie askod in surprise. ' . ' To sco if any ono is there, or has boon thoro,' slio said. . Fora moment ho looked incredulous. Then he roBo slowly, Baying, — ' Why, Em, you mdjt.bo a fool I How could any one got into rooms ?..XIiey , are locked in overy Jirection.^vISut I'll: 'go up if you like.' ^ » They lret^iip-stairs. TlioJs broad and tho steps low. Tlffi- lialla. chisty I and sunny, echoed their voicM whon thov apoko -Dilt; 'though lnnoly, tho place was not ilfiiny. degree fearful.'.'*-'' '? They unlocked and operidd ' room 'aftcr- roo'm, all of which , looked ailciv and un-' disturbed. At liTjJ: .tliey camo to tho chamber from wlienco had proceeded tlio. sound of footsteps, tho previous night' Emilia L imar's ho irt beat hard as sho uti lockod tho door. Tuoy entered. Tho rootn was silent, and echoed tho or'oaking door. AU was porfootly still and undis turbed. ' Wcstorly laughed as hia sistor looked about the room. * ' Do you supposo ghosts loavo any marks to track thorn by?'. said lie.,. '.Como, Em, don't be silly any longer.' I toll you no livo person cQukJAiavo boon in tho room last nighty - ' ' .What !b thjar?'- ' Emma pi^feod up a glove from the floor. Both examined it in surprise*. It waa a man's Juuckskiri glove, gauntloted, and fastened with o heavy gold button, on wnrfcli wero engraven tno initiaJs, ' K.HJ.' -1?ho glovo* boro the impress of a shajioly hand ; but it waa impossible to toll how recently it had beon worn, it waa ao soiled arid stained. .. ;. -.r' v.-. rVIthaa probably Iain hero for years, wK'cSro some visitor of tlio old family dropped it,' roniarkod Westerly, 'I fancy it foels slightly damp, Wos torly,' said his sister. .v 'Nonsenso! It's nothiVig but tho dunpuesH of tho room. Those north-West chanibera aro full of chills. Como, throw it down, and lot us- got dowii Btairs.' ' But Emilia kept tho fflcivo, carried it down stairs, and laid it away. Thiit night Westerly promisod hor that ho would not lcavo tho liouso, and the brothor lind sister retired to1 their rooins at ton o'clock. ' _ Suddonly, as tho clock Btruck eleven, a bell rang violently tlnough tho house. It' was not the hall door boll, but - proceeded front ono of tho chambers. Emma hoard hor brothor spring out of bed ivith an oath. Tho next -moment . ho was at hor, door, whon alio met liiin. 'For lieavonV Bake what is that, Emma ?' lie exclaimed. ~ ' It is tho boll of tho north-west chtim bor,' sho replied. v' V All thia timo the bell ir»3 ringiiig.' Sud denly it stopped. ' Wlint shall wo do, Wcstorl.rt' ' Curse me if I don't find out' what thia moans I' oxclaimed h6r brother.! . Ho sprang back to hia room, and, to1 Emma's Burpriso, returned with a revol ver. ' Whero did you got that, Wcstorly ?' : 'Novcc mind. Tako lliat light and como with, mo.' ; ' Sho was drossod only ip slippora arid' wrapper, and the air yf tho cntrics-.waa chill; but alio did not iriiritl. She fol lowotV lier brother in his rapid speed up stairs. Stjaugo to say, hia theory of ghosts had novor tnado_;i'riy impression, on lier. Sho. feared Jiothing so vnguo, but anticipated^ somo stfango ? discovery.' of human beni'gs whore all bad sejnicd deso lation, '? , ui' / trahgo, ^fWopme'At was that Ulio door of f lio riprth'-^roat chimDdr. wna «rilockfid. it'yieidod t^'Wostettly'shaud, ?nd with, tin cxclahiation o£ swrpriso h6 ktc-ed.. . . ' . ; ;*- ? V j s .Thorc_^7irio dpubV' thijt-''!^ was occu-: jtf?, jsKtiniriored. on the Bble, and upon la/auge lay a riirfni evi ^.?yo a^'iriics syp0Ri :oiivulsk)lvs.«.-Tlib. 2 IfTOr stood byin ailent-'hor: Bf'.-^crwMboin^nt.-tho fonviilscd fca' ^?^Ho is jr°a ro''xi and .'tho breath ^?'hey brof,a(j,' raid Westerly. j1' right tho light to tho marble ^Ksterly .u|7II3 ]i;mdao!iio and' haggard.' ^ff^Vha# ^ ttered an exclamation of our 8jp 13 it, Westerly ?'-' that man last niglit in tho .M'-,Yhoro ?' ^ 'In a gambling saloon j' roplied the young man, excitedly. . ,4 He forgot at ti.o moment that lio was betraying himself.- Indeed, Emma La mar waa too agitated to ivotice tho betrayal beyond1 tho moro words'. Shs looked down at the man, and a look of woaritiesa and aoi'row:on tho still, pallid faco touched liar -to Icara. 'Pshaw I What are you crying for?' exclaimcd Westerly. 'Hold' the light a minute.' ,. ., Hogavo hbr .tlio light,, then, unfasten ing.tiio man's necktie, and, baring ..hia . broast, made various testa of lifo. Tho form lay as itnpassivo and cold as marble. ? ' ? ' Ho's dead enough,' said Woaterly. ' What aro wo to do with. him ? Shall I call a physician, Woatorly? I am no afraid to go down tlio hill.' Emma Lamar thought sh'o would profor it to remaining with that solemn dead figure, whilo her brothor wont to cull help or ovidenco. But Westerly did n'o.t answer. After a few moinonts ho covcrod the faco, and said, — ' Como down stairs now.' 1 Thoy went back to tho; sitting room, put down tho light, and looked at each other. ~ ' How did ho como hero, Wcstorly ?' ' Heaven only knows ; hut, Em, it's the best luck that over happened to mo ?' 'How?' / : shall uso him for a subject if 110th ?iugJiappena to prevent — that is, if I aeo no- cliailce of dotcction.. Prof. Gardner will pay liib ono hundred pound.', arid risk no questions.' '* Good heavens !. Westody, I bog of you—' _ 'Paliaw ! Husb, .will' you ! There's nothing to prevent.'' l'vir-made up hiy mind. And there's the'tJoidy— a splondid caso. You noticed liis dress, did you not 1'~ 'No.' ' 'Army— major's outfit, I think. Ilo'ri a foroignor ; I no/iced his accent last, night. JIo won my money liko tho dovil. How he happened to bo Jn this- houso ia tno mystery.' ? ' What killed him * ' . ; Lato lioura arid liquor, perhaps, 'Poa- sibly lio took a quiet dose of something to got hiinsolf out uf tho hands of tho law. He was a desperate lo6king:fi.^low when thoro was lifo in his face.' '' '' Oh, Westerly, whero have you loSruod', about thoso tilings ? You havp cliaiiged so' much in a year P ' ? * ' (Jo. to bed. Em ; don't preach !' * ' What tiro you going to do ?' ' ' I am going up-stuirs again.1'. ~ ' WeatorliiLnrav voil do nothiliL' with that man's body to-night.' ' — 3 ' I'll do what I pleaeo, Em. You had botter go to bed.' -:- ' But, Westerly, the danger of— ' ' I will manage my altairs. Go to bed.' ' - ' V He took another light aud lvpnt to his 001:1 . His siater knew that he had gone for his surgical caso. Trembling with cold and excitement:, and [trying' vainly to. collect her faculties that she might think calmly, sho retreated to hor room, 'and lay down, half sick' with tho workings of foar and anxiety. She heard her bt'otjrcrgo -^y.. ataira. Tho thought o? Ws, work mado hor faint.. Slva 'prayed that aomcthing might 'liapperi to prcvont. Juat then alio hoard him returning. . ' Wosterly l' bIio called. ? .. lie came to tlio door. | 'Listen to 1110 a moment, Wcstorly. 1 Supposo that . man should bo . tracked here, and found mutilated, what is to. sava you from tho accusation of mur der?'' ? 'No fear of that. The family burying ground of the Meadows will havo ono more occnpant before iriorning. I shall' have' quite dono with liim in an hour.' . ?' '} Ob, .Westcrioy, you don't realise what a desperate tiling j'ou are doing!' 'Don't 11 A hundred pounds is worth a littlo desperation. Go to sleep; sis.' Ilo sliuttho door ond wont up stairs. Emma buried- 1101 faco in tho pillow, aiid wopt ill an agony of despair. Nut only was her brolhor'n work revolting to hor, but alio realised how imminent, was tho peril. Westerly soeriiod 'determined to bring cortain destruction upon tjiom. ? But suddenly alio, heard him come loapiiig down the stairs. Ho burst into lior room, . .^ , . ' Ho haa gono !'? ' V . ' Gono?' ... ' Ye8. I heliovo ho was - tho --devil. .How could he tako himselt off ivhcn ho 'was dead?' . . . Aiid Wosterly Lamar, a moment b'qforo so cool, loaiicd against tho lioor, 'and wiped tlio porjpirntion of oxcitomciit from liiB foralioad. ' How did lio go, Westerly ?' ' / 'I don't know. I made a slight- cut jn tho breast; and then caino do\vti^p%iy oiner lustruuiiiiiio. .1 , iiwii . ?* uuvn ho was gone. ' r . ' Were tho .windows and doors ppen ?' '! Tho door was ojar just as l loft it. Tho windows wero shut.' . --'i , £ ' Wosterly, I am bo glad.!' ? 7 ' ' Of what i' . ' - ; , : r {' That you. did him no harm.' , f -' r 'Fool!' exclnimod WosterlyJ^arSiid 'den rage. ' What harm could Impossibly do' tli^jhn if lio woro dead ?' 'jJpft.lio wasn't dead.'1. ... I- '-Xtollybu lio waB aa doa'd os a pOBt !' SVesterly ..wont b&cfc; '--'to tlier sitting room..'''. , It was nearly daybreak, an$l ho mado a firo. Ho sat over it moodily whon Emma f'amo out, ; Then ho roao auddonly, and went up-staira. ? In a few momenta he camo down with Bomctlung 111 hia hand. . , ' What ia that, Westerly ?' ?' '. ? ? ? ? ,. ? ? -I V^othing but that. glovo,' ? ha^Md. aa ho'to^aed it down.^j nufc .I'.put tlia^ glovo 'away. Tbio must bo;iKo mato.' , . B0 - buttons boro tho sanio initials. . Emma took thorn i'i clmr^o as a 'cluo to ,, tho atran^g oniaodo of tho uight,' . tint they KiiotiloTeavo fcli^luuao. .-in to Emnm Lamnr ; and, sinco coming tlicro wjib not likely to prov^«^ ccsafulj.'ttSvaa not worth while to .remain disagreeable , a placo, Thoy would, go back to tljii' littlo- cottngo they bad rented for tho last three years, anJ livo as boat thoy mi'^ht. At leaat alio would bb' near to neighbors thero whon left alono at night. : - : Sho had novor boforo in lier lifo been bo unhappy, and Bho could not keep back her tears as sho prepared for their ro moval. Bcaido her disappointment and aorro alio waa woaried and norvous from the effect# of the night's oxcitcment, and atlast, during hor brother's absenco, bJjo flung korsolf down upoo hor bed ond cried liko a child. Tho poor girl folt tired be* yond her 8trength.^ At twilight aho arose and wont into tho garden, hoping that lior aching hoad would bo relieved by the cle'ar; frosty air. ^Besides she could not but acknowledge to ?hoM'olf a dislike to stay in tho' houso alone^ Westerly had promised ro return at/} six~ o'clock, and alio stood on tho hill 1 Writchih'g tfro road, when sho saw a dark j .spat upon tho gravel *valk at hor fdefc. A | second glanco^assured hor^that it was blood, and her hea'rt leaped upjn hon*or. 1 Gazing in a kinA../&f; fascination at tho ground, sho saw-anothorand another dull i red spot, and still dro'pa beyond. 'Stop- ; ping forward aho followed tho inarka to a , littlo.aummer-houaQ in 'an oak coppice, and:thore upon tlio eat lay extended tho figuro of a inan, * ? .(Concluded in oitV ncxi.)' \--£2-1 ? 