CRUCIFIED HEARTS. CHAPTER XI. . TUB GAME P LAVED OUT. He made at spring at Leland, but was forcibly thrown back by tbe sergeant, and se curely -handcuffed. TDlio - Sergeant then proceeded to release Leland from the chair in wind) Lee had bound her, and in a voice quivering with emotion, she remarked — 'But for your timely arrival,, sir, lie would have doomed me to a worse fate than befel the kind, confiding mistress whom he murdered : but Ood would not suffer him to triumph longer in his wickedness. For love of those glittering toys,' pointing to the heap of costly jewels which the police-sergeant had turned out upon the table, and which be was comparing with a printed handbill ?that he had taken from his pocket, ' he has burdened liis soul with a fearful crime. He has taken the Ufe of one who had loaded him 'with kindness ; but fov him poor Lady Olive might still have been sparer! to be our comfort and joy to-day, and now — ' Here the memory of nil the ruin, nil the anguish, caused by the crime of the miserable Xiee, overcame all Lebuid's self-possession, and she burst into a passion of tears. 'This is no place for you, Miss Derenzy,' said the sergeant of police gravely. 'You have gone tlirough more than enough of ex citement and fright to-night ; will you allow one of my men to drive you back to the Place i We have a dog-cart here to convey the prisoner to the lock-up, and we can re main until it has taken you home.' ' No tliank you, sergeant,' rejoined Leland, controlling her agitation by a strong effort. ' I would rather not take the dog-cart. If Philip Goodwin will come with me I can manage very -well ; but tell me how did it happen that you and your men ar rived at such an opportune moment! I owe my life to you,' she added, gratefully. 'Not at all, iniss,' rejoined the sergeant ; ' it was entirely owing to your maid that your absence was discovered. Philip heve,' he said, smiling at the young gardener, 'came up to the PJace with a message for Nellie Price, from her mother ; and, going into the housekeeper's room, discovered that you had sent for Lee and that he was not to be found. Discrediting this statement,' added the sergeant^ in his most official manner, 'he caused Miss Price to make in quiries sis to your whereabouts, and then reeling uneasy at your absence, and suspect ing sonic villiany on Lee's part, I called up my men, and came here, thinking it the most likely place in which to lay hands upon our prisoner.' Supported by Phillip Goodwin's strong ami Leland managed to reach the house, where the young man resigned her into the care of her faithful Nellie, while he returned to the police-station, whither the prisoner had been conveyed. CHAPTER XIL ' GLOOM I? THE VALLEY AND GHOSTS ON THE WAY.' Strongly guarded by. a posse of policemen, Richard Lee was taken that night to the strong lock-up in the village, and being so notorious a criminal, he had two stalwart men placed in his cell to prevent the possi bility of any attempt at escape. The miserable man who, with the guilt of Innocent blood upon his head, had for more than four years carried a bold front, an easy conscience, so long as bis crime was undiE coverrd, was, now that the long-hidden crime had been found out, weighed down by tbe auguished remorse, the fruitless terror, of the deed which he had committed. But it was impossable to him. Ever be fore Ins mental vision was the pale, horror struck face, with livid lips and starting eyes, of the unhappy Lady Olive — ever in his ears pealed the death shriek of the ill- fated police officer, drowned in the roar of the mountain torrent. The narrow cell was full of name less horrors, a stillness as of the grave, a silence and narrowness as of a coffin. He pondered over die disgrace of the tria!, the crowded court, the stern judge, the sup pressed execrations of the spectators, whenhe should stand condemned as a midnight murderer, the fell ossassiaof a double crime. He thought of the fair future stretching away, which might have been so sweet had lie only remained honest. Doubtless Sir Marcus would not have left Jiis faithful servant unprovided for, he thought, with bitter regret; but he, fool that lie was, had not been content to wait^ but by one fatal act bad brought himself into this deadly peril. He knew what it must come to — the county gaol for the next month, and then thefiual closingsceue — launched into eternity, leaving behind him » name to be the bye word of all that is most base, most cowardly, and most treacherous. Meanwhile at Lady Place every endeavour was being made to prevent Sir Marcus be coming aware whose hand had struck the cowardly blow wliich had deprived him of his idolized wife. This was comparatively an easy task. The old man's intellect was fast growing weaker. He never looked at the papers, wliich were read to him either by Leland or his faithful valet, and he cared but little for intercourse with the outer world. A morning dawdled away among his flowers, a ride upon his steady old cob round the park, 'or a drive with Leland in her dainty victoria, these were his only amusements. When the jewels «ame to be esamined and compared with the list kept by . Sir Marcus's solicitor, several were missing, and it was conjectured that Lee had disposed of them secretly during his brief absences from Lady Place. Doubtless it was during one of his secret visits to the pavilion that he had been dis covered by tbe ill-fated James Cariven, a discovery which had caused his death. Mary Car wen was never to know the secret of her husband's murder. Long before Richard Lee's crime liad been discovered .she was laid to rest in her husband's grave. The bruised spirit was at rest ; the broken heart had ceased to beat. And Leland, with the full permission of Sir Marcus, had taken upon herself the charge of the little orphan's future, and he was uow being educated ut her expense at an excellent preparatory school in the neigh bourhood* And iir after years the handsome blue eyed curate who preached such excellent sermons in Llanvavon Chuvch was no other than the son of the ill-fated James Carwen. Amongst the jewels found liitlio black bag were discovered several letters, nil with their scales unbroken and stamped with various Australian postmarks. They were .ill directed in the same bold handwriting to Miss Derenzy. No words can describe the grief of tbe poor-. girL who had borne, so patiently the long years of uncertainty and grief, when she read theec letters, penned by her long lost lover; they breathed love,.and tenderness, fondest, devotion, and at last bitterest in-* dignatipn, when year after year had gone by without one line, or any news whatever, having been received from Lelmid. The last, full of bitterest reproaches, was dated a year ago, and tolri the young woman that no further letters were to be expected. With a breaking heart Miss Derenzy placed the letters in her desk,- livst having given every information eontsiined in them to Sir Marcus's trusted family solicitor, begging him to cause enquiries to be made respecting tho whereabouts of the long absent heir. The trial was over, a verdict of guilty was recorded, and in a few short days afterwards Richard Lee paid the penalty of his abomin able crimes upon the scaffold. He died as he had lived, bitter, impenitent, refusing to confess his guilt, and to the last paying no heed to the exhortations of the aged chaplain. CHAPTER XII 1. LIGHT AT EVENTIDE. Restlessly tossing upon the broad ocean is a great ship homeward bound for England, and among the cabin passengers is Edmund Leland, ex-ctiptnin of the Guards, and lately gold-digger, adventurer, and speculator, also homeward bound. He is returning to England after an ab' sence of seven years, tin ring which time he has been striving to make --i fortune. During the mist two or three years his labours were sweetened by tho thought of his absent Lilly, and in fancy would .see again her pure, sweet face and lovely, earnest eves through the smoke curling upwards from iiis pipe as lie sat smoking before the door of his hut when his day's work was done. But what toilsome work it was, this striving from the dim morning light till the great shadows of evening stretched athwart the plain — toiling on, without a friend to cheer him, at this most uncongenial work, longing — nh ! how earnestly, to be buck in England, pining for the sight of English flowejy, English meadows, .-iiid, .ibove all, for that one beloved face wliich was to make the glory and joy of his life. And (hiring all his ill-fortune, when it seemed as if the Futos were indeed banded together against him, Edmund never forgot to send lonir chemu-r hitters to his absent Leland. Alas ! those letters written beside the camp fire in that far distant land were destined to remain for ever unanswered. And by-and-bye, when (he long months lengthened into years, anil still no tidings from that distant home across the blue waters reached Edmund, the thought that he was forgotten daily gained ground in his soul and, with heart-sick despair, he ceased to write those unavailing letters. And then the tide turned, and though his fii- st gains were not large, they were suf ficient to renew hope in his heart, while he toiled steadily on. A strong arm, a bold heart, a clear brain, and herculean muscles, soon did the rest, and at the end o£ six years from the period of his leaving England Edmund Leland had realised a modest com petency. ? The hard life, the incessant toil, the ab sence of all those luxuries to which the young man had been accustomed, had but served to strengthen his character, to purify his tender, loving nature from the dross of weak ness and selfishness which had been the beset ting sins of the handsome, fascinating Cap tain Leland. And now, having placed the fruits of his hard toil in the bank at Melbourne, he re solved once more to revisit his native laud. But although his parents had long since slumbered under the daisied turf of the old churchyard, though his. uncle was estranged from him, and his chosen wife faithless, still he longed once more to .stand beneath old England's sunny skies, and to clasp once more « friendly hand in cordial greeting. And now, on a lovely evening towards the close of May, the great ship steamed into the Liveiyool docks, and in the early flush of summer Edmund Lelaud once more stood upon the soil of his native land. How strange it seemed to the returning exile to behold once more the familiar English kiid scape, which he gazed on so eagerly from the window of the express train as it bore him rapidly Londonwards. At last the great city was reached, and, undecided what to do with himself, Edmund called a hansom and drove to the hotel which had been honoured by the patronage of the gay Guardsman in the days wliich were no more. The fashionable ; waiters at that stylish hotel stared in undisguised surprise at the strange figure presented by Captain Leland in his colonial suit of clothes, his shapeless felt hat, thick shoes, and bushy beard and moustache. fl'o be CoivLinwe'd) 