tfoowltet. / HEIR OP STRATHSPEY TOWERS. r;X;": By Emma Garrison Jones, CHAPTER XIX. T1IE. COUNTESS HETUIIN.S. . The sun had drooped out of aighfc and tho dusky mantlo of twilight hung over tho'xllpino summits, before tho Countess oF Strathspey returned totiho spot where (Jolonol Ycrney awaited her. .The ofliccr' was amoking fiercely and growing desperately impatient, yet his Rphinx-liko face was coo) and smiling and his manner theveryperfcctionof thorough bred politeness. .Ho gavo tho lady ono koon glanco ns she approached him, and made up his mind that she had not seen her husband, and know nothing of his having followod her j and ho concluded not to enlighten her,but to gob hor on tho homeward route andloavo her to settle it with tho earl as best she could, I to sighed, and his oyoa softened ns lie looked dowu.Qii hev fragile, child- like beauty, How ho had loved her once ! And now sho had not tho p nver to stir his heart, save with a brother's tender pity. Ho was thoroughly in love with his brilliAnt fiance?, Miss Julia Boresford, independent' of her ten thousand a year, Lord Strathspey was a fool, if ho had only been wise enough know it, Lady Strathspey's faco was lluahotl and eager, and sho clutched a little packago in both hands, as if it wore an Jnviihmblo treasure. " Well, Lady Strathspey," said tho oolonol, ns ho handed her into the vehicle, 441 trust you liavo met with suc cess.'' ? 'Vfho child is mine, Colonel Arerney," bIio 'replied solemnly, "he has the Blrathspey birthmark on his a'ight.arm he ia my child, my babe, that was stolen from ma," . ' have no doubt of it, madam, but I'm afraid you'll Jhul" it didieuU ao prove it," replied tho colonM ;14 th^ other boy, you any, has tho birth-mark, too?" "b.res, holms! Poor little boy, I run J very fond of him, and ho ahnll always bo M my own," sho said, with emotion; ?,'* bat my owi\\_boy, in the valley yonder, Lord Strathspey's t mo son, shall bo tho )ieir." . ~ ; " But, my dear lady," continued tho iolonel, as thoy sped along through tho Jeeponing twilight, " how do yuu pur pose bringing this about ? Have you ^Utlieiont proofs to convince your hua Dand, and establish the child's claims V" "X havo tho child's clotheo." sho said, ilaaping tlvo little package to her bosom, \- *' the same ho had on when thoy found "himunder the milch-goat. Only a plain . jilip and a quilted flannel cloak, but I thought I would takq them." " I hope you'll succeed, but really it lookrf very doubtful," rosponded tho practical colonel. *' I know it 4q6s ; but heaven will help me, Colonol Yernoy. He sent mo to my vohild, and 1 shall look to Providence for .{help and diroetitfn, I nover will abandon f my purpose, never while I-haye life and i reason. My boy shall bo his father's heir, if it costs mo my life and happi ness." - 1 Her pftfo face glowed in tho twilight, \- .with tho light of inspiration and death leBa determination. , Colonel Verney regarded hor with ad Inuring wondor. J. " 1 hog your pardon,Lady Strathspey," J-Jho said at Inst; '' but I am older than ] sou and wiser in experienco ; allow me J1k> advis& you to toll your husband every I thing as soon as y'ftu ineot him ; conceat i ment folween man arid wife is like play . ?>*< ? " Yes," ahe responded ; " but I want to spare my dear husband all tho anxiety and suspense 1 can. As aoon as I can aeo my way cloar--" "But you may cause him far deeper anxiety, in regard to yourself, in tho meantimo," interrupted the oiiieer; he mny misconstrue your motives and actions," Sho turned upon him, hor bluo cyoa blazing in tho gloom. "Misconstrue mv actions'? What do you mean, Colonel Yerney ? My husband doos not mistrust me, would not, under any circumstances. Ilow dare you in-' Binuato such an impossibility V" "I beg your pardon, you will seo ono day that I am right, and have your wol faro at heart. And now, aro wo to find lodgings for tho night, or to start oii our journey at once ?" "Oh, start at once by all manna," cried tho countess; wo have not a mo ment to lose. I must get homo before my husband returns from London." . 44 Poor thing," sighed tho colonel j "it will bo a cruel blow 1" Tlroy proceeded at oneo into Franco, and, having seen her ladyship safely on board the Dover atoanlor, Culunel Yerney went on to Paris to soo hia siclc friend, wishing in hia iumoat heart that hia friend had boon at tho antipodes before he Bout tho message that caused him to Btart on such an ill-starred journey. The countoas reached Scvcnoaks boforo tho arrival of her husband, and found her household all in good order, and her guosta making themaolvos comfortable, Sho felt intensely thankful and oc cupied tho following day in making a, con ciso statement concerning tho child sho believe I to be hor own, to bo put iu tho hands of Sir Ilenry Clalbraith, her solici tor, . - . She was very determined and very anxious to have tho matter investigated at tho earliest moment. Pondering over Colonel Vorncy'a ad vice, sho concluded at lust to toll her hus band ovorything, and if possible to enlist 1)13 sympathies and co-operation. But her husband did not return ! A week went by ! Another followed, and at ill bo was absent. Tho shooting season waa famous, but tho oarl's friends began to think that thoir host was troating them rather shabbily, and ono by ono took their flight. The countess grew anxious and tele graphed to London, and, to her utter con sternation aho learned that tho oarl had not boon soon, Sho telegraphed a second time, to his elub address, and to his sistex', Lady Novill, with no hotter succoss. It wa3 evident that tho earl had not been in London, Tlio poor wifo'a anxiety know no bounds. She forgot hor child and ovory thing elao in hor fear for tho husband &ho; loved so well, and was just on tho point of starting for London herself to learn what hail became of him, when ho, all at onco, made hia appearance. Judith met him in tho hall, on his first arrival, and stood still in wonderful hor ror. No grave-yard ghost ever looked more ghastly. Recovering hor wits in an instant, and divining that something terrible had be fallen him, alio fled like tho wind to her lady's ohainb'jr.- The countess was read ing, or making a protcnco to do so, but sho looked up a3 Judith entered. "Well, what is it?" ehe quostionod, Boeing in tho girl's faco that oho brought aomo intelligence, " My lady, Lord Strathspey has come," The countess sprang to hor foet. "Oh, thank Heaven 1" she cried, "wliero is ho? Where is my darling husband T Sho was about to rush out in search of him in hor joy, but Judith caught at hor arm. "Ono moment, my lady," sho im plored, " I think my lord is ill-or-or -something has happonod-do nut go just yet." Uut, tho anxious wife shook hor oil, "Is ho ill? Stand out of my way, Judith, lot mo go to him." Sho freed horaelf from tho girl's de taining hands, and turned towards the door again, and there, faco to face; ahe mot her huabajid. 