A PAST REDEEMED. —4—- A: Story of Seven Links in a Chain. 1\. — A Wounded Sparrow. . Snow: .'has:. fallen, and is about to- fall. Dartmoor . is covered with .tliin white lace-work oro long her bridal veil will become a thick winter robe. The sun is hidden by the grey dome of haze that rises overy where over a white and silent world; He must be tho most self-confident of moorland pilots who, in the face of what is to come, has ventured to lead a littlo child into tho now pathless maze. Clearly, he is far more accus tomed to roll along tho - streets of Culmstead or Basford in his carriage than to tramp on foot among quaking bogs rendered doubly treacherous by their covering of snow. One may look far before lighting on so thoroughly respectable a figure , of a middle-aged man of business — so well dressed, well fed, well shaven, and well to do. But he has a head on his shoulders; mother wit and .-common sense are written at largo in the firm' ' lips and keen grey eyes that give strength to his general air of portly mid ilof id bonhomie. Tho child was in curious contrast to her guide. She was only .just old enough to trot about, 'a. summer garden under' watchful c!lr6'!| 'aiVd' yet, while \ he was made weatherproof by thick coats and comforters, she wore nothing better than a poor thin village frock and, ragged cotton' shawl to '. keep out. the cold : her hands were glovelessancl her throat was bare. Her, fingers lay hipped and blue in his 'comfortable, glove, and she ran along shivering while ho strode on brisk and warm. It is true ho never once looked at , her, or some of his wraps might have "been tempted to' 'chripge.-.. dioplders/v'For while an ogre would have pitied her for- her cold clothes, . her!: little rosy- . facej set in hair of golden. promise and itself tho setting , of a paif- of 'sapphires, . would have enchained :'tlie sympathy of : an angel— h ad : angels : been abroad to-. ' day. ...'. Sho .was more- careful of her -charge. .Cold as slie whs; tlie littlo girl spared a ' very large corner of her ragged shawl ; for a staring, ungrateful wooden doll, which;'' no doiibt, in, its nurse's opiiiibn, . ' risked- a galloping consumption. " Poor Dolly,": murmured the child,: " how could you must be !" ' = The man started, as if the sound of the little voice in the midst of the white -silence- had broken a spell. "Bessy, " he said in a sliaVp growl, " can't you get on a little faster ? If the "wind comes — r She tried , to mend her pace. " Uncle," she said; timidly but eagerly, ! " please— when shall we get there ?" . "There?— Where?" . ". Why, to that fine house' whorC l'm to he so liappy and have everything I want for.' v Don't -you knoAv ?' "Aren't you getting hungry, Dolly ! ' Did' you . ever see such a lot of snow? I never did, though I'm ever, so much bigger thailyou; Why, it's just like as if . Goci was gpmg to.make a ..picture -like 'Mr! Grey used; to,' Aunt Deborah says, -. Sras going to begin. . I hope it'll be ' prettyj.when-.it's'd you, ' "V uncle ?" ' " I. won't have you talk like that," he said hastily,' dragging her 'on a Httle more sharply. " If - your — if Mr. Grey had kept the fifth commandment t and you'd been taught tho third '"Why, Avhat did Mr. : Grey do? "Was he a ; bad man ? and — — is it 1 true the snow is tlie feathers of all the . ghosts of all the geese 'that are:plucked at Christmas ? What a lot of them there must be — but I don't believe' it, all the siime. Aunt Doborah's feathers neyer turned into snow, I know. ' But. oh, Dolly, if one of tho geese Avas to come down- instead of the feathers, all ready'roastedj , wouldiflt ..that bp nice for me' and -;uncle ,\and you ! 'When; shall .we!gdt<t6'.the bbuke, 'uncle"?''' Ancl' what do you Avant.to, walk so fast for ? . Do you always walk so fast? Gh, please, ' Avhen shall Ave be there V' ' " Neve.r,if ypu;. don't : comeValong.": " I'm trying to I'll try. Oh, uncle I Look there, !" ;1 ' ' . Wliat she' saAV.-. was, a solitary snow-, feather fluttering arid eirebng sloAvly to' earth : he saAV a storm-herald descend from the empire of the sky.''. .For once! a child saw less iri'a Common thing than a man. The flake Avas fol lowed by the' slightest possiblo Avave in the dead calm of the air ; but instead of bringing fresh color to the man's middy cheeks it .'blanched ..them,- .-In:; stead of increasing his pace, 'lie, sud denly stood still, took his handker chief, and wiped his broAv,- . He -was- perspiiing as if it Avere the middle of the dog days. ; " Bessy;" he began, withorit looking' in her :face, though he Avas a strong man, and she only a very little girl. " Yes, uncle' ?" she ansAvered, wrap-; ping up her wooden nursling yet more closely ; for 'a sudden keenness like the sharp edge of a knife had been set uppn the air. - : :.. ! ". We're not home yet," lie Woniion, with a sort 'of choking .groAyl, "and \- it's . npt, so. easy to be: sure of. hitting one's Avay among these confounded bogs and tors." What's the good of living in theso days of progress," he continued, with cuiiously unseasonable ahger, "if a'great wide staring quag mire like this -is to be alloAved to puzzle a; man V' " ' ".I'm sure I don't knoAv why, liricle," said'Bessy, gravely, as if .tlie question had been addressed to her, and. bad required an ansAver. " I suppose' it's because it belongs to the pixies— and . it" isn't right to take Avhat belongs to others — is it, uncle ?" She Avas not so ignorant of the' decalogue, after all. She looked up in Iris" face as she spoke ; and, Avhetlier it was fronp this straight look of grave, innocent, and fearless oyes, or Avhetlier it Avas from something in her Avords, her speech had a strange effect upon lief companion. He had not been angry Avhen he complained of tho con dition of Dartmoor. By seeing the real thing ono detects tho sluvin : lie Avas angry now. " What — what do you mean by that?" he burst out. "What do you know about what's right and what's wrong— a 'baby . like you? It's right, quite 'riglit,, to got rid of whatovor's in tho way ; and if anything stands in it, man or moor, so much tho Avorso for them. That's law, and that's common sense, and that's the way. of tho Avorld. Hold your tongue." - /. - 1 She opened her mouth arid oyes and; looked up at him in such iriutqAVonder as to forget her. doll, which hung its wooden head over her arm-rind attired up at her. V' / ! " Uncle," slio said at last, " Ith ought you Aveic gomg.to be kind." ' ' ;. . . "Arid so I ' am.' 'Whriy rire.you staring liko that fop, as if, I'Syas gbing to.Qat you ?" . ' / 'Human instinct is origirially'-keerior and, stronger than thrit't/ of.' bees, and spiders'. ; We. think liot, .because Ave do- all we can to boAvildef and stutlify ours1 with certain gross forms , of mental darkness pppularly known- as expert-' once arid reason. Bessy - -was without experience, and too young to; ronson ! she bad not yet lost the infaUiMq' in stinct of tlie bee.' Slio was; not , afraid, but 'as her undo spoke- slio wrapped her , doll irioro closely arid protcctingly; in her numbed and feeble' arms. Hie saAV the gestuve, arid growled. > : "Come, don't be, a. little fool. Don!t( talk, about what you- clbn't understand,,1 'thhtW id 1;" V . 1 '--"v ', '.llTwp :c-%kesjb$iMom''..tliei grey mist — thon'Jliree, /then four. Stillj ho stood irresolute— another irieoiisis- fcency. on the part of a man who owned, eyes so, sharp and a mouth so.finriV Ho looked "bbliquely at !Bessy, -theri 'at tliri moor, then at the clouds-— then at some half dozen upright gray. 1 stories; toAviirds which lie had steered Iris course from the first moment of their appoarance Avitlrin the surrounding Avail of cloud.'" Well' might the oyes of any Avanderer rest upon these. . Tlioy had been buried , by the siioavs of 2000 years. Thoso who placed them . .there : had' been buried by the years therh- :seh'es, by summers as Avell as by snow. . Tkey Avero the fossils of an- cxtirict Ifaitli that no Cuvicr lias eA'er pierced it'ogether, or ever Avill. But tbat it was ;a pitiless, faith. Ave may dimly gather, |and: 'a- basin-like 'hollow in ono of- tlio loAvef . stories hinted at terrible liba tions to tlie supposed thirsbof Nature for the -best that - men can; give ' her. We changed all that— Ave still sacrifice more heart, blopcl and brain blood than -ever stained a moor ' altar, but' it .. is upon meaner altars than Nature's that Ave pour it. We haA'e not learnt much, but we haA'e learned not to insult her. (The man and the child stood by tho. cromlech, and he said, as if to himself, anil only 'hrilf aloud — " No faithor than tho Giant's Grave, r— and the' Avind wising." Then he said sUcTdenly. and sharply to th.o child, !as if. he ;"'ha'ci' no tirno 'to' lose over words, ;" Are you afraid ?" i 1 " No, uncle," slip answered, though: Avith a doubtful look of wonder,: " I'm riot afraid.. / What's' the Girint's-Grave.' Was a giant buried hero ; rind Aviis he very' largo ? Was it Jack 'that killed, him?" . . i- : yff Rubbish— 7-it's';vqiily vri;.";beaprv ;dE stones." Ho'Avaitecl| witliouii, irioviiig' .arid m dead; silence, .uiitil 20 snow- llakes all at once had; fnllen-i-he might have been ; counting1 them, he was so absorbed. : -At: last he said, ' Avith> his', eyes fixed upon the', thickness of the' mist, and as though repeating a lesson in a fixed form of Avords— . : The. snptv is coming d'oAvn and it Avill be difficult to find the Avay liomri; I, must go on .quickly 'by -myself to see if aa'o're iri the right way. ' Stay by that . stone — and mind, whatever liap- pens, 'yipiv dqn'tSmove or stiivtill i coine back again— I shan't be long.-. ! ' Her face' fell. ' ; ' " What— uncle ! — you're ; going ; to leave me rill alone here \ ;' " What is thoro to be afraid of ? I thought you said ypu Avereu't'1 afraid."- I " No more I am,- uncle.;'; ;But if tlie. pixies !— " she began,/ 'looking dis trustfully at' the Giant's Grave, .j "/Stuff arid: nonsense. V. There, aren't, such things. You stay there and be 'good.— that's rill 'you've' got to do." ' I.;,-'" Pleased. iririy ;I sit- rdb,wri:?.: H'm so. .tired," ' : "If you like— there — " and," Avith-' out finisliing liis; seritenco, lie liurried 'off -with one short glance behind, him to make sure that . BesSy' Avas obeying ordprs. She . Avas standing; exactly; where he had posted" lief, like a, little sentry on guard . over the croinlech, i shouldering, her doll for. a .carabine. He .caught a; wistful, look"' that"-. fol lowed' him, arid mode liirn . hurry, on ijast'er still.' /' V. . . '. 1 ; Tho wistful look of the blue eyes pursued him . into the grey mistq at; last lie stopped, turned . round, and diw; a" deep sigh of relief- he' -'saw; the.ohild no more. ; . He' had loft her alone in thei-whito world, ' arid lie car- lried no compass to ; guide him .back to her again. . Tlie deed Avas done, arid! lie hadplaced as eft'eotual a barrier Ijetiyeen himself and repentance qs, if- l>e had. left a' corpse behind liim in-; stead of i, 'still ' living child;' . , ' ' " 1 ; , | -He .liad-ute.d'"'wero -ab- telitejr. bramble bush lifted its head from tlie noAv deepening snow. The biish was of a sufficiently peouliar appearance to cutcli his wandering attention for, an instant, and ...to . remain photo graphed in his mind Avith the lasting1 fidelityNof 'objects casually seen in a moment of intense nierital pre-oec'upa- tion. , Tlje autumn, had forgotten to ripen a few bunches of blackberries tliab still hnng upon tlio tAvigs hard and red— tliere were five ' small clusters, / grouped liked the' -live of diamond. He stayed . just long enough to obsoivo Ayliat Avas.not Avorthv observingipwent forward Wo -or three- paces— paused — -went back :one or tAVO — and \theii Avent on again at double speed, " It's no u noAv," lie thought : "it's: no good thinking of going back now.' She's more lost than if she Avas in the Dart and half way to tho sea. It's not my fault new. I must have left, her by herself Avljen I Avent on to ex plore. Anybody must have done it— and how could I toll sho Avould be out of sight Iso soon 1 I might Avander about till I Avas buried myself before I could find her now. Yes ; anybody would have done tho same. And if I can't bo sorry,.' that's not my fault either. ' If luck's on my -'pido, I'm not responsiblo for luck, I supposo. Duck ahvays is on my sido, someliOAV. No body' can-, say that I ever thought of losing her. ' If it ovor caino into my head,1 a thoright isn't an intention — and I should like to know tho head of a saint that, 'it -wouldn't have come into. Anyway, what's -the life of a baby, to break-up the Avhole life-pur pose of a man? And avIio can help accidents, I should like to knew? I didn't bring the show. I didn't bring tlio' fog. I didn't make it .impossible to find lier again Avhen I'd once lost heiy ' I, didn't make tlie world : if 1" liad I'd liavo made things different .from Avhat tlioy are. ' But there's one tiling I.'vo made, and that's myself — i 'l'in a self-made mail, I am, and nobody can say that's mado badly. I've only 'db.no | what my father meant to do if he'd lived, and kept the land for thetn that liavo' the riglit to it. 'I've lio'noved ray . father, arid I've earned the re- 1 Avard. v\ Yes— right ' and justice arb | done;'/ rind 'tAvould bo flat , rebellion ; againt -Provide, rice , to' qiiarrel with ; the Avay'noAV.1 -People shouldn't stand in 1 tlio Avay.if. tlioy don't Avarit.to be put ,out of , it. ' " l,J.t's getting cursedly cold1 — :I;:, oughtn't to - be many yards — Ah— what's, tliiit, behind. ?--Nothing ?— Of ;course— wliat ' else .sliould' it bo? .1 ; shall beviglad . when ' I'm. out of this — ; l.c'biifbuiid' thd 'niist; I . criri't', see,' 20, iyiirds.'': ' 'I wonder ife." this is' what people, meari 'by;i rierves ? ', It's '.'liicky I knoAv how to steer blindfold :. I : didn't count ;6ri 'the;snow .coining down ; sb' sharp arid' suddori; 1 Let mb see," he ,'Averit ,;on, "'drawing-, a/ handsome": gold ' Ayatcli(" ! firiiri; 'i.liiisV podkeb. "In 20 iminutos-r- iiq— haugi; it, ! I. needn't , tliinlc of '.'the brat : she's bden-!— -asleep long ago. : : .It's riqt ;ba.d:;tq go. off 'like; that, j -they 'say!; Bettisr' die.", in ;bno's' sleep tlmri -grow. up. 'and "rob /people of their/ rights 'as she'd have jdone. I've let. ono tliat was born frOm (blieats anH tliieves'.tb be "a . thief and a 'cheat: -slip out . of tlie wofki" easy—' that's all." "!'.': ' ; ' ' It is elGar--tliat>Y Bessy's nricle Avas, beyprid all qiiestion, a wise, a just, rind .a.' clover- nian; .':';Ho jirid.'caught'Brpvi- dence in a blunder, and had done his ;best to prevent the blunder from doing riny lasting harm.. As lie - liacl said, tlie schemes of men. are irilimteiyrmbre important' than babies, of. even than dolls. '.;,' ; He consulted his watch' again;-:," It's lucky I've got ; on so far,"; lie; tlibiight, as q: lieaA'ier Avave of wind c'arriod a thicker mass /' 'of. siioav . , into his face. In ziaripthcr .tAvo,-! minutes I .should have' ' been ' puzzled' about the way, ;; This;is;bliridiiig work- ; — they'll tlike me for the /twin: brother bf a. polar bear wlieri I get home." j , Tho'murdorer had liiade a joke, and he sliuddefed-i-rlfor ; the innocence o'f a jest jarred upon his heart, ; like the .stroke' of' a true tongue lipon a cracked bell. 1 I iriust havo beeri coming on more sloAviy; tKan'..I: tliougl'ittliougli I 'liavb been 'fifteen minutes, arid ;.I am not so near Greystock as I ought to, be; .Nbrieiri riiirid ; 'it's'''bri'ly":' tliiit T can't see Avhere J am. .1 must be on the a'ery edge of the holloAv., Hark !— what's that? "Wliat an awful. night it will be, to bo sure ! And to tliink that people haA'e been lost in Aveather like this— and— brili I must get on. Hark 1 "VVhat's that, .again ? If I didn't know wheiri I Avasj I. should think it was , water instead of- Ayiiid. When -I'm oricb oiit -of this, I'll gjve :£50. to tlie!. 'poor ,','of -the parish — and bo ' put up in eliuroh 1 among .the "benefactors-!—! liy tlie '/lord' Harry' .1 will.",- ' : The morp; likenesslof the. sound'in his ears to Avater instead of Avind Avas enough-to thfoAv his rierves into a cold ;foy/;-v;,His''ib6al'' laiOAylcdgq' assured1 hifri'!, - that hb ran' rio risk in finding his way barred by any of the nume rous streams which intersect the moof, "but the fancy Avas a threat, formidablp ;by .-reason , .of the imaginary picture ;thlt it' ''compelled' Kim to draAV.: Tliank's to luck and good management, it avoS riot, his -''doorii -to' Avander about, lost rind beAvildered, in the moorland maze, uoav finding himself Avaist . deep in a .quivering" morass, iioav brought to iy 'halt by a": forcliess stream, until the siioav sliould rise from his knee3 to his' >vaist, from his Avai3t-to his neck, .frorii his neck to his death. But such things had been, and they were not pleasant' to tliink 'of noiv. . ihventy/ minutes 'had' passed, ah .sloAvly as 20 hours; -Thirty days \\-j-G0, , months, —r, so. the. ipinutes Seemed to his impatience — dragged by .as lie drove hard'Avith all his strength, upliill arid downhill, as against the driving, blinding gust, and die Avas btill in the Avildernoss. It Avas nb longer easy to trample over, or rather ; through,' the soft. Avliitp .carpet' that -fell like the 'flutter of ri lady's fan, but gfeAV like' the effects 'of' sin, and"' began to. brir the way here and there like the gradual closing cIoavu of a phantom prm cased iri irin- iron maii.s The1 snbAV in his face arid at his feet Avas enough, no doubt, -to. account for the slowness' of his progress, bjit still it was strange. He could now see nothing -. but Avhite- riess — sky rind mid air, as "AVell as earth, Avere changed to snoAv, Well, indeed, Avas it for him that eyery step, however slowly made, was u step nearer homo. " ' " ; All at drice'he stood still, arid' trem bled from bead to .foot. " Good God ! " he . excl/iimed ; aloud, " the tiling that;' '."'follows me has passed mo and gone before-T-tliero it stands !". And, in truth,' right in front of liirn thoro stood a shadowy form, in broken; outline, that, in the blast which: rio>v.. began, to !driyp .against him madly, ' looked like ' a goblin of the moor., ; ". ; But lie did not believe in goblins, and a ,ni<vn iwho, caii face, as ho had done, thb after-thought of murder, cannot be Avholly a coward. : He had . trembled with the nameless fear born of- a deed Avhich ho dared not name, but hero, was something that might prove tangible, and, after the first startled pause, .ho pushed on. Moments wore of consequence. He had no timo to be afraid. The thing Avas not a goblin. It was not even tho' ghost of a child. It AVas only— a bramble bush. A bramble bush, indeed I The mur derer stood aghast at tlie sight of such a, bramble bush. Ho faced five bunches of unripe blackberries Avith greater horror than ho had faced the most terrible of crimes. For in .those five clusters he read, as plainly as if they had been! words, that he had been wandering in Avhat wizards call a devil's .circle : that all his impatient labor had only led him back to his starting point. North, south, east and Avost ' liad Changed places — and the snow was above his knees. His good luck had only given him the laAv that, a cat gives a mouse J and 'tis a blind mouso that brags a span from its hole.. - ; Turn Avhich Avay he Avould, he could see nothing but the monotony of snow- flakes ; if lie lpok'ed up, he suav them falliritr : if ' he looked round, he saw them circling ; if ho looked doAvn, he saAV them rising. They came thicker and thicker' arid thicker as the blast every , moment became more and more strong! At last they flew against hiin in direct, horizontal lines ; he Avas in a fierce drift of wind. He thought ;of a, prayer ; but those Avho dare not jdst- cannot -pray. ' For one instant he had felt his Avits failing liirn under the attack. -IIo Avas afraid of becoming afraid. But his bewilderment; 1 did not 'last for long; his : peril AvaS, pressing' enough to' ab- ;Sbi'b remorse itself and 'to summon the reserves of . his presence , of mind. He pulled himself together, and con sciously .set himself to solve the imme diate problem of Iioav to extricate himself from the, pit Avliich he had dug for another. There he stood as he ;knew, in the right path ; there, as he ikneAV, Avas bis home, terribly near, and yet in effect so far off that he could almost as easily reach the moon, .while every moment of delay rendered impossibility yet more impossible. To call ;oiit for help Avould be useless to the pitch of absurdity. Stentor could :not haA'e made liimself audible against tlie teeth -of such a Avind, and, if he could, there Avas nobody to hear him. ,But, as Ave have often heard, the Avord " impossible" . Svas long ago expunged from tlio dictionaries of thoso avIio knoAv Iioav, to .put Avill against circum stance. There Avas just one loop-hole open still!'. . .. ; The Avind liad not changed; it had been due north-east that morning, and must therefore be due north-east still. His. proper path lay due north across the moor, arid the track from tlie horrible cromlech to the yet more horrible bramble bush had, he knew, lain in the right course, so far as it liad gone. If, then, lie could trust Iris navigation Avell enough to go forward- at an angle of 45deg to the Avind, lie could not. fail to steer due north ward, out of liis devil's circle, and to keep, clear of bogs and streams. Even this Avas a poor clirince ; but to have thought'of . it proved his -possession of the pi'esence""'of ' mind that 'can turn straws to account Avheri no lifebuoy is at'hand. . ., \- He turned .his, right face to the wind, licnt his head, folded his arms, ...and stepped forward again. But, like Napoleorihimself, hefound that to erase the Avord " impossible" from the diction ary is nob to' expunge the thing from the world. The drift in front, of liim liad risen breast high. Like a great- burst of scornful laughter, a furious gust 'drove against him, and forced liim to crouch behind the . bush for im mediate shelter, like a criminal cling ing for protection to Iris judge's robe. Poor as the shield Avas, it might serve to delay the rising snoAv-tide for a few hours, and- by that time the tide might cease to rise. ' But, in his heart — though ho dared not read to himself the doom ho found there — he felt that his time had come. Justice, has. had a bad repute for lagging, but to him she had come literally on- the -wings of the Avind. And the child, Bessy—' well, it must have been over ' Avith her; long ago. No doubt she was already hidden under the mystery of the Avhite veil. There Avas no need to Avasto shudder ing remorse upon her. Ho saAV in his dpom not. the hand of oldTfashioried justice, demanding a life for life, but a mocking caprice' of fato ; he had become a laughing-stock for the Avind. Even noAv lie did not call himself a iuiirderer-: he called himself , Avhat- is worse in the sight of some people — a fool. The Avhole scheme might have ended so Avell — the loss of the child Avould have been so natural that the fear of neighbors arid of hangmen, so often , mistaken for remorseful con science, need not have embittered a single moment of his after life. He had lost this rare union of sin Avitli peace of, jnindtalDbecause-he chanced to cross a moor an hour' too late, or because a snowstorm had fallen an hour too soon. He crouched doivn to leeAvard of the bramble bush, numbed in heart and limb. ... It was not yob time for tAvilight, . and the snbw gave a light of its OAvn, Avhich compensated, in a Aveird, dismal Avay, for tho absence of tho suh. The numbness in his limbs crept sloAvly upward,- like the weight of a frozen nightmare. He felt half -inclined to close his eyes, but he kneAv Avhat that meant, and resolutely kept the lids open by tho dregs of will that out lasted his failing nerves. The effort Avas more ' painful than tho cold. Though anything - but a poet, and though resolutely . aAvake, ho became broadly conscious of strango sights and sounds that Avont far to shake his boliof in tho unseen poAvers Avho, ac cording to the child, keep Avatcli and Avard .over their moor. Tho masses of falling Avhite cloud assumed shadoAvy and' gigantic forms, dim, indistinct, and confused in outline, but not tlio loss real. - Many of us luivo traced out tho forms of those snow demons ; ho liad never seen them till noAv. And now ho was at their mercy, and they Avere Avithout mercy ; ho Avas a helpless child in their hands Avithout the innocence of a child. He did not cry out, for his very voice Avas frozen; but he groaned. 'All at onco his Avandering eyes, held open with might and main, caught a stranger sight than even the army of buoav- demons. In a sense, it Avas more terrible as well as more strange — though nothing more than' a wounded sparrow, Avho, like him, had been unable to reach his home-rest through the storm. . Trivial as the. sight Avas, it Avas terrible ; for tlie overmastering self- assertion of nature, Avhetlier her re bellious Titans take the form of fire, flood, or snoAv, is terrible in its unre- specting confusion of persons — in its coihmon disregard of guilty and inno cent, Aveak and strong, man, child, and sparrow. It is the commune of poAver — fraternity in helplessness, equality before force, liberty to die. It is less that the strong man is degraded to equality Avith the Avounded bird than that the- Avounded bird is exalted by us equal helplessness to a level Avitli the strong mail ; that the creature Avho is. sold for the fifth part of a farthing became magnified in this White Re public of blind force into tlio equal of an emperor. How this bird had come to bo swept out oA'er the moor, avIio can tell ? - This is not the story of a bird, but only of a man, on whom the feeling ofutter, hopeless helplessness in all its Aveight and force did not Avholly fail until he had looked upon a fellow- creature, in Avhose doom he had read his OAvn. . He, though . worth liis thou sands, Avas of no more A'riluo .thari.a wounded sparroiv before the storm; A sort of- desperate' compassion for him self Avelled up in him and felt curiously like pity for the bird, Avhose feeble at tempts to flutter up into the wind exorcised over him an unaccountable fascination. . (to be continued.) 