ghosts, witches and hangmen. HOW PROVIOENOE HAS IN TERFERED AT VARIOUS LEGAL EXECUTIONS REVIVING AN INNOCENT GIRL WHO WAS DULY HANGED— THK trap REFUSES TO WORK OFF A DOUBT. FUL CA.SE-STRANOK EXPERIENCE Or A MAN WHO WAS TWICE K.\\. KCIJTKI). Tliu Hammersmith ghcut was quite a celebrated character at tho commencement uf tho present century, and the court re- cord of IStvi coiitiiiu'quito a go«xl duscrip- tionofiiim. For mouths a tall white figure uauiueu inu isnus ami cuurcnyani oi nam. mcnmitli, now a London nubiirb, hut thou a country town. Women wore'' literally frightened to death, and many men do vcloped a snood iir e.c,ipitig from thu phantmu winch they liid not (lattere.il tliomielvex lqwu )«oMusing, An auti-ghoit league was formed, ami nil thu able-Lilted men in tho neighborhood took part in. n vigorous, not t»> >av vicioui, hutit for thu cnuto of alarm, lid vigilaucu com niitteow.ii uuiucceaful, for, altlmngh its memtara cnught n glimpio of thu phantom, it apjK'arod to have thu |>ouer of vunuhing at will, aud no trap could catch it. Finally the wife of onu Francis-Smith "was craning tho churchyard at dusk, whim the ghott apjHwrcd aud chased her home.. Tlio jwor woman was completely overeomu with fright, gave premature birth to a child, and expired. Smith smarted fur rovcii'-o. and. takhn hi shotgun, went out into tlio night to lay thu glio<t. By this lime it was Very dark, hut .Smith could dtavrn Mmivthhig white moving acnus tlio churchyard. Without delay lie fired, and found to his honor he imd riiot a neighbor who was wearing a white iluit cikit, Smitli was amstod, cun- victud and sentenced to death, but was uot executed, 3tid wd coou released from prison. Among thu many coses uu rvcoul in which alleged wjtehci liavo been comh-mne<l to death, there ore few iu which n Lma-tido evidence was brought forward agtdutt the' niLurahlu wrutuhvs, whose tioom wm scale.) before their arrest. But tha official records uf tlie trial uf two widows at Ihiry St. Edmunds, in ItVi'.', speak of uvidem-e of a nm»t remarkable kind. Thus whin ihr»-v of the conqdahiing uitnc.i«c.» camu- into court to swear Information, they fell down fit, uml after screaming were struck dumb aud remained until the conviction, when thoy immediately recovered tho jnwcr to speak. Tim evidence attlietiLd wiw very lengthy, ami thu nmonnl of corrotamthm wiuj quilt- tedious, i'.iiun, aches Mid other trouhles wcrus)Mikcn to, am) tlie Chief Jus tice, who see mi to have L-cn a humane man, decided to put the priioneii to the t&>t in court. The reveLtioui were mi extraordinary Uiat the jury convicted the prtamera, who wcie duly "xecutai, "whi le- own thu sundry and divers |Hr»»ua who had tacit tawvitchcd and troubled did regain their wontc.1 vigor, and so rvmnimil until their death hy natural mid pre|ter In the year 1750 a young woman named Anuc Green wax tried nt Oxford for the murder of her child. Tlio evidence was very miicitfcfactorv, und many In-licveil in the innocAice of tho girl, llut she was con victed, sentenced to ta tanged, und duly executed. After tanging half mi hour tho body was cut dow-n, plac-d in a coffin, and sent to a lumsu to ta «lisecied. Although thu i opo had not I icon removrel, ami (ho iiikwv was still tight, those who opened the coffin olncrvrel a movement of t he woman's breast, 44 where upon ono Ma»oii, h tailor, intending only an net of clmrity, set his foot upon her. and onu Ormn, soldier, struck her with tho butt-cud of his musket." But when the doctors camo thoy found life still existed aud proceeded to adopt stups to secure her . recovery, "liy ..|.uU.K . vein. Uyli.g l,cr in a warm lied, ami also tumg diver remedies respecting her iwnsclc&wieai;, in.so- much that within tourtcen hours she L-gan to pray very heartily." This revival was regarded hy tho |Hxipfu a an interposition of Frovidenco on tataH of the innocent. But thu hangman was lea su(K>n>tlti»us, and demanded tho girl sot tat hu might 44 com. plctu her execution on her." Ilio doctor refitjMiI to comply with thu request, secured a formal juriluu for tho young woman, who married, aud lived happily for tnouy tarly in the eighteenth century a -man named .Smith, was committed at thu York Assise of house- breaking and sentenced, with many others, to ta hanged. Tlio cvi- dcnco against thu accused was ver)- unsatis factory, and would uot iiavu secured his de tention fur an houriuthii more viilighte-ucd and merciful age. Smith was promised a comniutntimi if hu would conic, hut hu continued (o protest hi iunoceucu. Hewa tanged fur 15 minute, when lie was cut down. Hu soon recovered, 41 iu coiiscuucik-o of hlccding and' oilier Applications, ami lived several years. Ill account uf his gtimpio into csendty ia thu rejwrtetl by re|iutahlo eye ami ear wituexira 41 W'hon hu was turned off ho for somo time was sensible of very great piiu, occasioned by tho wuight of his body, nud felt hi spirits iu a strungu coniniotlon, violently preosiug upward ; that having forced their way to liii head lie, us it were, . saw a great blozu or glaring light, which seemed to go out at his eyes with a llaslqaud then hu lost at! aenso of pain. Thai after hu was cut down, uml began to cumo to him self, the lilondam) spirit®, forcing themselves iufti their former channels, put him by sort of pricking or shooting to such intolnr- able jialn that hu could havu wished those hanged who had cut hiui down." Unfortunately for tho pointing of a mora), fiudtir familiarity with thu gallows scans to havo bred contempt for it, for hu subsequently w cut astray, was caught in thu act. and handed over to tho taugtnan. 44 Half-hanged .Smith," as ho was caltai, did not on this svennd occasion suffer from a return of thoso revival pains ho so vividly duscritad. Thoso who liavo no talief in modern miracle, ami are sceptical m to remarkaldu cirrcisc of I'rovidenUl aid may ray the,. c.w arc all ohl, and that much that L supernatural in tlicm nuy Iw ueomntcd f„r hy thu siijh-rariliou of the ages ami by the iiuc urncy of rccrds. But there was a caso at Bristol, during the prm-nt drewde, in which there ran ta no ixwibL iuarennicv of twinl, for tho (.vii were fully re ported in all thn hading journal, ami weie diictiHwd in i'oi lintui'iil at the time. An uhlcily lady was found «li-ad in tar tad, and her butler, a man named Lc, wax arrested for the crtns. Ttare r. cmed little evidrnoe agaimt thu maq, except hli presence in the Louie nt tho time, and thu rojHirt of his conviction and rentemcd was re-eeivrel with iome«nrpr»e. Tlie re.xffuhl wo erected by the probswiimal hangman, who tinted It ami found it to work all right, tao was lml up the M«-p«, proleiling hu Imioeeticu to thu lait. Tho iiatigman pulled back tho Lfft, but tho trap did not fall. -Surprised ami annoys! he tam|Hd on it with onu foot, hut it still resLtcd. Finally thu Lilt waa replaced and tho mherablo I) R-<1 to one < ule. On investigation iiotlilug was fouml i wrong, mid, indeed, tho trap tell of its own weight. Again itwiw adput'd and Uu placed on It, but again It re ftucd to act. A upcr»tBions nwu t««ok jwowiutoji ,.f |ftC a.«.vmhled ®pcetaton», winch was incri:a»od when tho tanguun tried for tlm third Hum to coiupli'tu In® t.-uk. .Six deputire siauqioi imultaueously on llio trap-dtair, whkh ro- Ltul all effort, ami aftu over an luhir's delay the sheriff ordered tha prisoner tack (o Ids cull, ami tdegraplirel to tlio Homo BeuroLiy for liuLruction. Tim com was discussed iu 1'arlLmcnt, and it wji decided Uiat as Leo couUl not ta tauccd ho should bu imprison! for lifu in- stead. Uo ntlnlmtdUijn raeapoto 1'rovi- dunce, and when (hL'C year ago a tramp con fcw.xl to hvliifi commuted tlio murder, and disulnsvd where tho widow's valuable hoq tan ooncv.ilcil, public oplntai en- dorsod his at first rhlicuLd nMertiofts, csiks- dally as tho rebellion trap ,ta>r was tuUu- qnently uietl ou tin; actual imndcrcr with marked succuNi, 