*%muae meats THEATRICAL NOTES. ( Bt *TorroH8TONE.) As many of the readers of these articles would doubtless feel interested in the perusal of programmes presented at the Launceston theatres in past years, I pur pose presenting for the future a reprqduo tion of a 'bill of the play' with eaoh Theatrical Notes. No. 1. ROYAL OLYMPIC THEATRE. . SiTtfRDAT evening, March 4, 1843. Under the distinguished patronago of W. H.'Breton, Esq. The Insfc night of the foreign and gymnastic Co's. performing in Launceston. First appearance of Signor Dalle' Case — For the benefit of Signorina Amelia.' Signorina Amelia begs most respectfully to inform her friends and the ladies and . gentlemen of Launceston, that her. benefit will take place on the above evening. The performance will commence with the two young Brazilian ladies performing on tbe tight rope. Mons Larosiere and Mr. King, tho clown, will go through a grand ; display of acrobatic and athletic - feats. Mademoiselle Adello will appear in two popular dances, Signor Dalle Case will appear in the athlbtic exercises.. Signorina Anna and Amelia will ascend from the stage to the ..boxes on the tight-rope. Boxes 5s, pit 2s 6d. No half-price. ? -'? ? The local Academy is to be occupied throughout ^the week including Queen's Birthday by amateurs from' Hobart, who . ; will product) Mr. F. A. Packer's operetta, ?;*' Sweet JSimplicity.' Mr. G. M; Arnold, a violinist of repute.wi'l also appear. ? The Si)bon Combination left Hobart on Saturday last en route to'Briebane. ^ , Martin Simonsen's English and . Comic Opera Co. are doing fairly well at. the . '. Theatre Royal, Hobart. -?.*-.; Frank Lincoln, the humourist, is due in Launceston about the latter end of this months ? . ?;??'?.' Mr. Miln has abandoned his intention of visitirig Tasmania for the present, business : * having Jproyed too : geod. to leave ?Mel- bourne. This popular tragedian, is at present producing 'Hamlet,' with success, atthe Opera House in that city. . ; ???'?-, '??':? \- Mr. -Charles Holloway leaves for America after concluding his present .engagement : with Bland Holt.: / \ ,?:'??'?.? .Mr.' W. J. Holloway is stated to have purchased' property in London, and will become one of the Managers of the Grand : Theatre, Islington. ;'.?'. - ?;??'.]'?'.?? ? ' «. Mr. Charles Warner has been appearing in a round of his favourite: characters in Brisbane, supported by one of ?- Messrs*. ?Williamson,' Garner, ._. and ; Musgrove's dramatic companies. ~ ' . .r . ?? .Mr, Charles. Taylor, 'andXjMisa Ell» CarriDgton, and a powerful dramatic com '?.'.'?? J?anjr, hare just concluded a successful trip through the Richmond River District, N.S. Wales, and are now en route for Victoria. Tho company has been materially strengthened since the Launceston Mason, and now include Mr. Lachlan MacGowan, 'one of the best 'character actors in the colonies. Mr. Macgowan and his late wife, wero in years past great favourites with the Launceston public, and many old playgoers remember with pleasure their clever performances. — ».. Launceston, as usual, will probably 'be deserted by theatrical . companies during the winter months. ? The only provisional engagement for the Academy at present is stated to be'Mr. Frank Lincoln's. At the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, Bland Holt is still running 'The Ruling Passion.' Messrs. Brough and Boncicamlt ,have revived the successful cemedy ' Modern Wives,' atthe Hibernian Hall. *' Shainus O'Brien' is having a prosperous career at the Alexandria, and tha ' Yoeman of the Guard,' forms the attraction' at the Princess's. Miss .Isabel 'Mcrris has been tendered a farewell, matinee performance at the Opera House, prior to her departure for Melbourne'. - '...-:' In Sydney the pantomime ' Sinbad the Sailor,' still holds the «way._at the Royal, the ' Romany Rye ' is running at Her Majesty's ' Theatre, and '.Sweet Lavender 'at the Criterion. ? ; - . A syndicate it iB Btated has been formed to purckase Her Majesty's Theatre, Sydney, and transform it into an hotel. Tho New London Dramatic Co. recently brought out by Messrs. Williamson, Garner, and Musgrove, are . producing ' New Men and Old Acres ' at the Adelaide Theatre Royals ' Led Astray ' is to be the next production. Edwin Booth, the great American tragedian, is said to ; be in «, critical con dition from the effects of a paralytic Btroke. It is doubtful if he will ever act again. ' Barry Sullivan is stated to have in a great measure recovered, from 'Mb recent illness. : Mr. 0. HaddonChambers.tho clever young Australian author of 'Captain Swift,' has been commissioned by Mr. A. M. Palmer to write a play for the Maddiaon Square Theatre, New Tork,- for .next .autumn. Tom Matthews,' the London pantemimist, has just died at the age of 84. So far as his art is concerned, nig death breaks the cennection between the - old and the new. Matthews' appeared at Sadler'* Well* a» clown ? in 1829, and ' teok kig fare we II benefit at Drury Lane in 1865. ' Sir Morell Mackenzie's eldest son, who, under the name H. H. Morell, ii steadily making his way as a comedian, scored a. decided managerial success in hii trip to Edinburgh last week with ' Our Regi ment.' His father, who is very popular with the studente, had, ne doubt, paved the way for him ; but unless he kad provided a fatiafactory entertainment he would not have been asked by -the- management to repeat his enterprise, as he will in.Oetober next. -?-. - ? MrB. Langtry'g illnasi was caused by a catarihal affection. Her trouble was greatly increased by her trip West of the United States where the alkaline dust seriously aggravated tke disease. ' Reliable information from New Tofk states that Miss Mary Andersen has ' been afflicted with nervous prostration that has from the first assumed a very serieui aspect. It is believed, the London Sew York Herald says, that Miss Anderson's nervous eystem has partly given way under the constant strain involved by her latter work on, the stage, and that her present ill health .is entirely the result' of this trouble. Mr. Tom Mead; of tke Lyceum Theatre, one of the oldest English Shakespearean actorB, died at. his residence, in Islington, on February 17. Deceased was born, a/t Cambridge on August 22, 1819, entered the dramatic prof ession in 1841 at the Devon port theatre, under management of Mr, James Dawson, as Orozembo in Sheridan's tragedy, 'Pizzaro. ' His first appearance in London' was at the Victoria Theatre, November 8, 1848, as Giles Overreach. Ho joined the Lyceum company under Mrs. Batema'n during the Shakespearean revivals under the supervision of Mr. Henry Irving. He has been in that company ever since, playing the Ghost ('Hamlet'); First Witch. ('Macbeth')',' \Borbantio ('Othello'). Duringthe piovincial tour of Mr.~ Irving's' company last summer Mr. Mead was takensuddently ill. He returned to London, but he never .recovered, his health having been since slowly on the wane. ?'..-' -??- ' '* ? '?'??.'.* 