Jfotil jtetoa. LOB DON TABLE TALK FFrom our Special Correspondent,] Iionddn. ADrll 20. 188S. Straws show which way the wind bloers. Twelve months ago what an outcry there would have been had the Prince o! Wales held any communication with Mr. Parnell. Yet now it seems quite the right aud proper thing for his Royal Highness bo ask for an introduction to the Irish chief. Very little doubt prevails relative to the verdict) of the commission judges. Sir ?Tames TTannpn tlirasr .mfc a. t-,.-\lt»rB.Mw broad hint when at the close of Sir Charles's tbritiiDg peroration last Friday he ejaculated audibly to Brother Day — ' A great speech, and worthy of a great occa sion,' a compliment that was at once passed on in a little note to Sir Charles, The ap pearance of Mr. Parnell in the witness box may possibly rearonse a little interest In the proceedings^ though Sir Richard Webster will scarcely dare to handle him' . in croBS- examination at all offensively. It is not, I fancy, generally known that the late Lord Ely was several years ago an aspirant for Princess Beatrice's hand. His mother has always been the Qaeen'a dearest friend and confidante, and the yonng marquis saw much of the princess at the time. The match was pronounced out of the question for many reasons, but ' Lord Ely remained faithful to the princess, 'and never (even after she espoused the Battenberg) proposed marrying. His lordship left orders that his remains should be cre mated, and the incineration was, not without some difficulty, duly carried out at Woklcg on Saturday last. Lord Au gustus Lofibus could not be present, but his son Captain Loftus represented him, and the brothers of the new peer were of course in attendance. The drawbacks to the cremation process in England appear to be precisely those I noticed at Milan. At 3 p.m., after the burial service (all save the portion usually read by the grave) had been performed in an adjacent church the mourners adjourned to the cremato rium, and the corpse having been reve rently withdrawn from the coffin was laid on an iron car. The door of the burning . fiery furnace then opened, and the clergy man ejaculating ' dust to dust, ashes to , ashes,' the car with its human freight ran quickly in. Themournersthenadjournedto 'die cemetery to wait about for a couple of hours whilst the incineration proceeded. One can easily guess how a lively imagina tion would run riot under such painful circumstances, and whether, assuming the frizzling deceased- to be a relative of one's own, those two hours would pass very pleasantly. At about 5 o'clock Lord Ely's cretartion was announced to be complete, the fires were let out, and bis lordship's ashes collected and placed in a Doulfcon jar, which the executors took back to town with them. ? Both the Emperor and Empress of Austria have, I understand, Buffered very seriously from the shock and disgrace of the Crown Prince's sad end. The case of the Empress la the worst, as symptoms of mental disease manifested themselves scon afterwards, and now her Majesty's de lusions are so numerous and recurrent that it Is seriously feared she will pre \- gently become permanently Insane. The Emperor's mind is all right, but he has ceased to take any Interest in affairs of State, and political troubles and intrigues are multiplying. The question 'What is eloquence?' which has been pretty frequently dls? cuBsed since Jno. Bright's death, seems to me appositely answered In the follow ing lines, which are part of a «onnet on the 'Great Tribune,' by E H.B. (E. H. Boordillon) : — .For thine was the deep eloquence of soul, Which, like the steed owning one kingly band, *' Ob££^Vto its masteris sole command, field the mate spell' bound gazere at control With that swift fusion of the heart and mind Parental of thoBe thoughts which shake man kind, Mrs. Blair iavlng achieved her object and become Duchess of Sutherland naturally doesn't see the force of vege tating in Florida all her days, and hfia already persuaded the reluctant duke to return to England and the bosom of Ms family. The happy pair are In fact even sow on their way home. Society is naturally intensely 'carious to know the line which Lord and Lady Stafford, Lord and Lady Cromartle, and the Jjeveaon Govern generally mean to take up with regard to the new duchess. Recognition and avoidance Beem almost equally impos sible. A great deal that is both untrue and unkind has been written about Oaptaln Goldsmith Hunt, the unfortunate man who, in a -fit of ungovernable rage, first of all shot his paramour and then commit ted suicide in a house at St,Pancras hut week. As usual In such cases the sym pathy has been entirely with tfce 'poor victim.' In this case a Miss Marie de Braham (or Emily Greene, as she was really called) and Hunt Is accused of every sort of vlllany. The girl was a chorister at the Avenue Theatre for a long time, and well known about town. Vain, greedy, and shallow, she had all the faults of her class, and few virtues. To make men jealous and eet them at one another was her prime amusement. Poor Hunt more par ticularly ehe delighted In rousing. He waa a big, boyish, hairy man, with a jolly laugh and Bohemian manners. He .was honestly iond of the girl, and her 'goings on' with other men made him frantic ?with jealousy. When the final catas trophe occurred she had come back to live with Hunt, but could not forbear taunt ing him with reminiscences of recent amours. Hunt, who was always declaring -when enraged that he should shoot her and himself too, appears to have carried out his threat on this occasion. . A significant feature of the St. Pancras tragedy was to my mind the light in which _- _ the murdered girl's family looked upon ter moral character «nd irregular mode of life. A brother, who gave evidence at the inquest, spoke of his slater as a per fecQy qnlet, good- naturea, respectable :glrl, and then went on to say quite pro salcly that she had an allowance of £150 a year from a gentleman, whose mistress «he had been, but who had now married and settled down. Besides, he added, Marie had plenty of ' friends' who kept her well supplied with money ; in fact, fihe might and could have lived happily and comfortably but for her fatal ' apooni nees' for Captain Hunt. The brother's feeling against Hunt was one of hot anger, nob because the guardsman ill-used his stater, but because the captain (despite his frantic jealousy) allowed Marie to ob tain money from other men to minister to his necessities. That, Marie's brother could see, was blackguardly. What he couldn't or wouldn't see was that there had been anything Irregular or calling for his interference in his sister's mode of life. An amusing story, writes a London correspondent of the Leeds Mercury, Is going about as to how a very young gen tleman received by mistake an Invitation to a royal -dinner party. He was as tonished at the ' command,' but did not been intended for his more mature aud more sporting namesake. On reaching the house the royal host, while not in the leaet recognising Ids beardless guest, re ceived him on the strength of his name -with the utmost urbanity; and It was ' only when, after waiting a while for the real ' Simon pure,' that his Royal High ness grossed what had occurred, and that the card of Invitation had been left by «*? his equerry at. the- wrong address. He was consequently all the more careful not to allow hJs young guest to arrive at a ^ rftnliar solution, and therefore paid him every attention, and allowed him to leave without once hinting at the mistake which had been made. At the present moment he is said to be the only man in London who is not aware that he waa an '?unexpected guest' at the royal dinner party. This being PasBion Week most of the first* class theatres are closed. Ir ring set the example in 1884, aud now more houses eeem to follow suit every year. The failure of 'The Panel Picture ' (the mounting of which cost £2,000) at the Opera Comiqae was eo complete taafc Mis. Boringer had to take it off at onca, and now plays 'Little Lord Paantleroy ' in the evenings. As ueual when there is a total collapse cf this sort the company ex pected a great success. The Garrick premiere next Wednesday will be a great occasion. The company is a very strong one, including Me. Forbea Robertson, Mr. Gathc&rt;, Mr. Sydney Brougb, and of course Mr. Hare himself, also Mrs. Bernard Beere, Miss Kate Rorke, Miss OJga Nethersole, Mlsa Blanche Roylock, and Mrs. Gar ton Murray. Pinero;s new drama, 'The Profli gate,' alone forms the bill- of- fare, a song which will be sung in the second act being composed, we are Informed, by Sir A. Sullivan. '' Buffalo Bill' has at length come to an arrangement with the Paris municipal authorities, and obtained a suitable site for the erection of the ' Wild Wild West' Bhow. It will be much larger and smarter in every way than it was in London, and should draw ' tout Paris.' The success of Burnand and Solomon's cantata 'Pickwick' has Induced Solomon to try Ma hand at a musical version of the 'Area Belle,' aptly re-named 'Hot Coppers,' which will presently be pro duced at the Comedy Theatre. Signs are not wanting that the popu larity of Mr. Rider Haggard is on the wane. Tiliotsons were far from satisfied with ' Colonel Qaarltch, V.C ,' aud now I hear that the Illustrated London News people are grumbling a good bit over ' Cleopatra.' They paid the young man £2,000 for the serial rights only, and they eay it has not raised the paper's circula tion 10 copies ; in fact Basant's ' For Faith and Freedom,' which preceded 'Cleopatra,' was probably better llted. I notice too that a small eet of first editions of Haggard's books which a well known secondhand bookseller has been trying to get rid of for the past 12 months won't sell, though the enterprising trades man now catalogues them at half the price he asked last year. On the other hand, however, it is fair to say great accounts are going the rounds of Mr. Haggard's new Icelandic romance. ' Dear Andrew with the brindled locks' (as Stevenson calls Lang) swears the story is the fineBt thing Haggard has done, and the Savile Club are all expectation. I learn from the same quarter the scene of our author's next novel will be laid in Assyria, and that he means to get the greater part of It up on the spot. The new number of the Universal R*v*s.o issued last Monday contains two interesting memorial articles on 'John Bright' by the great Tribune's stanch comrade, the venerable Chas. Pelham Vililers, and by Professor Thorold Rogers. The former's contribution should not be missed. Forthcoming works of interest Include a new theosophist novel by Marie Corelli, author of 'A Romance of Two Worlds ;' *' Diana Wentworth,' by Caroline Fother giil ; and ' A Window ha Thrums,' by J. M. Barrle, whose admirable tale of journalistic life in London, ' When a Man's Single,' I cannot too forcibly com mend to youngsters with literary aspira tions. Poor 'Bobert Elsmere' has been preached upon, lectured at, and criticised to death. Now I see he Is being used In the States to push tea, patent medicine?, and ' shoddy ' generally. At the great store In Chicago, for example, 'every purchaser of five pounds of prime tea at half a dollar per lo. will be presented with a handsomely bound copy of either that Immortal work ' Robert Elsmere,' or of Mrs. Elizabeth Shandon's thrilling ghost story, * Imogene'u Shade, or Murder Will. Out.' ' In his new story, ' Greifenstein ' (which McMillans have included In then? Colonial Library), Mr. Marion Crawford abandons Italy for Germany, and draws for us an admirable picture of the Teutonic aristocrat, full of pluck, pride, and preju dice. The scenes at Heidelberg (or is it Bonn ?), and the vivid descriptions of the Korpe carousals and. duels, are excellently done and perfectly true to life, In fact this Is the t-eBt part of the book. 'The story itself Is a terribly gloomy one, and the cul minating tragedy (which 16 would be an* fair to Intending readers to hint at) over strained. ' Nevertheless ' Greifenstein ' will distinctly repay perusal. The DucheBB of Cambridge has left her favorite friend and musleo, Signor Tosti, an annuity of £500 a year. 