Additional Telegrams from the Melbourne Paraers- - LONDON, Mabo* 11. The Jliccht Hon. Henry Chapnn,. Con servative member for the North Kesteven division of Lancashire, and Chancellor of the Ducby of Lancaster, ia named as.likely to be appointed to 'the- pvopo&ed; new port folio of Minister of Agriculture. Mr. Oh-iplin in 18S& declined the Presidency of the Local Government Board because it urna n-\h fit'. t.l*rt.h fr.imo naftntu Afr.p.d With H. Rp.n.t. in the Cabinet. Since then he is said to have cast lonj'ing eyes alternately on. a colonial governorship and on th j new Department of Agriculture, for the ngri cultural depreasiun has affected him pecuniavilyjva well a3 politically. He ia forty-eight'yuara of ago, and was educated at Harrow and at Christ Church, Oxford. The death is announced of Mr. Jamea Baiues, one of the owners of the celebrated Black Ball liners. The floods in the Weat of England are subsiding. At Bristol several lives were lost, and the damage to property ia esti mated at £4,0,000* ' In the H»une of Commons to-day, Mr. Stanhope, the Secretary of State for War, Blid that it was possible that every .coaling station in the Empire could now be pro vided with a substantial system of mine defence in io days, and suffciont protection to greatly, deter hoatile cruisers from attacking them in three days. \- Makok 12. Mr. Stanhope stated in the House of Commons last night that he hoped that the arming of the coaling'atations would«be completed before the end of the present year. The Government had granted a large contract for heavy guns to Vickera, of Sheffield. In the House of Commons last night Mr. Stanhope, the Secretary of State for War, formally introduced the Army -estimates for the current year. He ex plained the details of the proposed syatem of defence applicable to the United Kingdom, and claimed that rapid mobilisation of the forces would thereby be ensured. It was, he said, intedede to establish three entrenched camps, tonb used in case of necessity for the defence of London. ' The Auioer, Abdur Rahman, de61area tbab -the report that he' is hostile to the designs of Russia haa been circulated by his enemies. ,.- In the House of Lords N last 'night the Earl of Carnarvon introduced a bill to dis-.. qualify from sitting ia the House peers guilty of certain offences. The- Canadian Government have decided to grant a subsidy of .£110,000 'to the Canadian Pacific Railway Company, which proposi s to establiah a line* of steamers for the Atlantic pasBenger trade. It is expected that .the steamers will be eventually utilised for the conveyance of pasaengers and mails for Australia, via Vancouver. Mr. E.; Huybecs, the secretary to the Victorian Commission fur the^Paria Exhibi tion, haa been sent to Patia' to' aupervise the arrangements in connection with the Victorian Court at the Exhibition. The reason assigned for the decision to wind up the Broken Hill Consolidated Silver Mining Company is, that the Com pany has not sufficient capital to work the mine. ' ? It ia expected that the case for The Times will be finished before the Special Com mission to-morrow. ,. It haa been shown that the Hibernian Bank received funds amounting to over -fi800,OQb on account of various branches of tbe League, but no direct evidence haa been brought forward to ahow how the money wtia disbursed. It has alao been clearly proved that Mr. Parnell directed the payment 'of pertain sums of money. Heavy contributions to the funds of the League were sent.to Ire land from Australia and New Zealand, ???'.'.?. ', ?'?.?'? March 13. ' The evidence aa to the amount of money received by- the League is confused, 'and it is doubtful if it exceeds JB450,000. The decree ordering the expulsion' from France' of . the Princes p£ tfo House of Orlea'nB having been rescinded, the Duo d'Aumole has arrived in Paris, where he received a warm welcome froirf his friends and supporters. He has expressed his thanks to President Carnot for the permia ??'./''. sion .which the Government has given him to retnrn to France. The management of the Eoyal Academy have refused to comply with a request to open their picture gallery on Sundays. The institution, is seldom or never visited except by the aristocracy, and the wellto do clus3es. . An action has been brought by Mr. Kobert Dennis against Mr; J; Henniker Heatou, tho Conservative member for, Canterbury. Tbo plaiutiff claimed £500 for services rendered-, and he alleged that, acting in the :capalcity of private sec retary to Mr. Heaton between 1885 and 1888, he had written for him hia speeches, certain articles in the National Review, letters published ia HheT*me3, and others addressed to the Postmaster-General, and the statement made by Mr. Heaton before the Colonial Conference- held in London in 1837\. He asserted that he had in fact throughout been that gentleman's ghost. The case .has been settled, Mr. Heaton paying .£400 to the defendant for Ins services and the costs of the' actisn, amounting to £200. An impression prevails in official circles that Prince Bismarck is agreeable to Eng land becoming, the- mandatory power in Samoa. A crowdel meeting; was held1 im St. James's Hall to-night as a nationaliprotest against the Irish policy of the- Govern ment, and more especially against the support given to The Times- in- connection with the Special Commission. Mr. John Morley, Mr.. Parnell, and many of- the most prominent leaders of the Opposition were present. Mr. Morley} who was one oft the speaKcrs, announcpa inac it was nia incen to submit the rupuduct of Sir Kichardi Webster, the Attorney-General, to the House of Commons on Monday next. The official price of copper has been fixed at £iG 1X-«,. under contracts for one' year. At tho sitting of The- rimcs-Parnell Special Commission to-day, a witness named George Mulqueny deposed that the knive8 with which the Phoanix Park murders were 'committed, had been pre viously exhibited at the officea of the League at Westminster. He confirmed the statement that Mr. ParneU had paid .£100 to Frank Byrnei March 14. The Times declares that it awaits with perfect confidence the result of the impar tial and thorough enquiry into Parnellistn which has taken place before the Special! Commission. At a public meeting held. in. London laat night to protest against the treatment of Irish political prisoners, a mesBage was received from Mr. Gladstone declaring that ho would endeavour un flinchingly to probe to the bottom the con neotion which existed betweenthe Govern ment and The Times- Parnell Special Com mission. - Mr. Dawson, editor of the Charleston New3, South Carolina, ,has been murdered by a doctor with whom he had a dispute. : LONDON, March 15. It is reported that Sir Henry l.och will probably obtain an extended time of offico as Governor 'of Victoria for a year. The Austrian Government has ordered the Danube Steam Navigation Company to have their vessels in a state of prepared neBS for war service, and to have them available at call in case of an outbreak of hostilities with Servia. It is suggested that the Marquis of Lome should be appointed Governor of Cape Colony. Vice - Admiral Jaures, the French Minister of Marine, has died at the age of 60. He accepted office when tbe Cabinet of M, Tirard was formed last month, LONDON, March 1-i. A colliery explosion occurred yesterday at Bryanaly, near Wrcxham, by which 20per sons lost their lives. , Mr. Paul Kruger and Mr. F. W. Eeitz, the Preaidenta of the Transvaal «r South African Republic and. tbo Orange I'Ytiu State, have agreed to a defensive alliance., by which tho two countries are to asRi3t oue another in the ev«nt of either beinp; involved in a war which is considered to be ajustone. The following London firms, namely, Messrs. John Potter and Co., ship and insurance brokers and general commission and forwarding agents, of 1& 'Great St. Helen's j Messrs. Gavin J. Birt and Co., shipbroker3, Thames and. Mersey line of Australian packetB, 27 Leadenball -street j and Messrs. AUport and Hughes, ship and insurance' brokers, and East India and Australian agents, 1 Leadcnhall-strect, have amalgamated aa from next month. The statue of General Gordon by Mr. Hamo Thornycroft, E.A., is now completed, and ready for shipment to Melbourne. In the House of Commons last night, a bill brought in by the Parnellites, the object of which was to mitigate the treat ment of Irish political prisoners,, was rejected by a majority of 66 votes. . In consequence of the unsettled position _of affairs in Servia, caused by the abdica tion of King Milan and the appointment of a regency, which includes M. Ristics, the leader of the Russophil party, Austria has stationed a corps of observation on the Servian frontier. Arrang--m«ntB have been completed by which 20,000 men will be ready to advance into Servia at half a day's notice. ? Mr. George Shaw-Lefevre has- given notice in the House of Commons of his intention to ask Mr. W. H. ;Smith, the , First Lord of the Treasury, whether the -refusal of Queensland to contribute to the expenses of , the Australian Auxiliary Squadron releases tho other colonies from their , obligations to contribute, and alao whether England will bear Queensland's share of the expense. ? ; . ; ? ? ?:. MAittOH 15. Sir Heroules Robinson, the Governor of the Cape Colony, has informed the Portu guese authorities that the district of Mashonaland, which lies between the Transvaal and tho Zambesi, is within the sphere of British influence, and must not bo interfered with by Portugal. The French Chamber of Deputies yes terday authorised the Government to pro secute Deputies Raiquet, -Laguorre, Laiaant, and Turquet, members of the suppressed Patriotic League and supporters of General Boulanger. There was a very stormy debate, in the midst of which General Boulanger suddenly roso from liia seat, and, in a menacing tone, commanded members to be silent. Several duels are being arranged to take place- between tnoinbere, arising out'' of the acenea in the Chamber. tThe Patriotic Leaguo^was an organisa tion which was founded with the object of keeping, alive- » feeling of hostility to Germany. M. Paul Doroul&de; was its leading spirit, his chief mission being to preach 'La Revanche.' It is said1 that the League- included in its ranks 100,000 young men, all of whom were armed. M. Derouletie and1 all the members of Abe League were atrongr supporters of Geneirf Boulanger.]) ; Mr. H. C. Railr-ee, the Postmaater General, has declined! the appointment off Governor of the1 Capo Colony, in succes sion to Sir Heroules Robinson, who ia about to retire from'that position.' ' The death is announced of Signor Henri ?Tamberlik, th-e- famous tenor singer, at :theag0'of'-9). ' Ia the House of Commons laat night 'Mr. Raikes, tho Pbamaster- General, \ made a statement with regard to the -queatioii- as to whether the time-table -was a' necessary part of the contract ?entered into between- the- Imperial Govern ment and the O'Hent and P. and O. .Companies for tho conveyance of the Aus tralian mails. Ho-said' that before sub mitting the oontraot to Parliament it would bi necessary for the Government to take legal opinion on the question. . ! LONDON, Mabcm 15. Sir Saul Samuel, Agent-General for New South Wales, ia oonfiheditra the house by a severe chilli. March 16. ? It is reported that Mr. J. L. Carew, the member for Kildare in the House of Com mons, who was- imprisoned under the Crimes Aot, has been* kept naked in hia cell for four daye.. Ho refused to wear the prison clothes. A colliery explosion; has occurred at Garth, South Wales. Fifteen persons were killed. The Emperor. William of Germany, in addressing a meeting of the Trade Guilds at Berlin, said that1 his recent visits to the Russian, Austrian, and Italian capitals had secured the peace of Europe for years to com«.. v The New Liyingatono Gold Mining Com pany has been registered,, tW capital being .£76,000. The objfiot of. the Company is to acquire the mine from the liquidator of the Livingstone Company. ? , The ship Sir TTaltor Raleigh, which went ashore at Cape Gris Nez, on the coast of France, has been Bold at auction for .£1500. It is considered: unlikely that Germany will allow, the conference which iB to meet at Berlin to deal with the Saruoan diffi culty to decide as to her treatment of MataaFa. It i3 expected in the United States that no agreement will be come to at tho conference unless Prince Bismarck will concede the autonomy of Samoa. Mr. George Bates, who has been appointed one of the representatives of the United States at the conference, is strongly opposed to the German claims. ? Tho Russian Government has demanded that the Shah of Persia shall concede to Russia the exclusive right to navigate the rivers that debouch into the Caspian, and to con&trucb; n railway through Porsia. [The largest of the rivers that flow into the Caspian ia the Kizil-TJaun, or White River, which drains an area of 25,000 square miles. The other chief rivers are tho Atrek, which is over 300 miles long, and the Gurgan.] It has been arranged that a ineoting 8h«U take place (it San Sebastian, in Spain, between Quoen Victoria, who is at present on a visit to Biarritz, and Queen Maria Christina, the Regent of Spain. The manager of a hotel at Bath has obtained .£3000 damages against Mr. Alfred Willoughby, the co-respondent in a divorce suit. Tbo death is announced of Lady Arnold, wifo of Sir Edwin Arnold, of the Daily Tele graph. The Rev. J. L. Porter, president of Queen's College, Belfast, died yester day. March 17. Admiral Krantz, who was Minister of Marine in the late Cabinet of M. Floquet, has accepted the same office in the present Ministry, in place of tho late Admiral Jaures. The Maori footballers played a match yesterday at Salford, defeating the local team by 'two goals and a try to a try. 