Cbfl&rcn.; I ? * My Little Neighbour* A^ atormy Jano dfty*.. How steadily the rain loll and bow tbe wind moaned. Bat aoy one looking into onr obeerfal sittiog room mast havo forgotten tbe stato ot tbe weather, . lor a bright fire snapped and eraoklfld in ilia or ate. and Olaira Wilson was seated on the heaiih-rag just at my teet with a gray kitten in her arms. Claire's happy faco mado snnshine all aboat. Her doll was sleeping npon my knee while I busily worked at a pink party dress for Miss Miriam Yellowtreas ; quite a long name for a rather small doll : it took Olaire three days to think of it. Yon see . Miss Miriam Yollowtrcea had been invited to a dolls' party, and so Olaire, my little next door neighbor, hod oome in to talk it all over with mo. 11 And sho shall wear her blao silk dress with tho blae s&shegain;,' announced Olaire, smoothing her doll's curls tonderly. ' She ought to have another party dress,' I said. M How would nink ailk do?' 11 Beautiful I It would just suit her ohcoks, Miss May,' cried Olaire. - ' 'Well, she shall have ono of that oolour, then, and I'll mako it lor her.' I ran away for the material, whioh Olairo pronounced ' juat lovely.' ' It's a picce of one of my danoing*sohool dresses — I wore it whon I was not much bigger than you are, Claire,' I eaid. 41 And now dolly must be measured.' And so eho was, and the dress onoo fairly started pro* greseed rapidly. Mies Miriam Ycllowtress dozed before the fire, Olairo. hugged her kitten upon tho hearth«rug and ohatted blithely to mo as I rocked and hemmed and at length finished tho simple trained ekirt. Then tbo tiny waist was commenoed, and Olairo, growing t'estlegs, commenced dancing about tho room and sioging, or paused to lean against my chair and bestow an earnest, kiss upon my check. ' Shall I road you a story, Miss May ?' asked Claire. ' Yea, pot, do,' I said. So she chose a book from tbe' oentro table | aiiu curien nersru up on iuo rag at my ir;u* again. Now -Olaire is six years old, and oan read very well if eho takes timo to puzzle the long words out. Tbis timo tsho never seemed to notioo whether tho words wero long .or ebort. The title of tbo book sho held was 'Longfellow's Poems,' and tbis is Clairo's i Biory: I ' Once there was a littlo girl who went to school every day, almost, but onoe in a j while, when it stormed, her mamma would | give her a holiday. Sho almost always spent tbe holiday with a young lady who lived next door to her. Olairo — I mean the. little j girl— loved this young lady, oh, very, very 1 much!' Here Olairo oauglit my hand and gavo ^t a warm squeeze. ' A lovely bird oang all day long in the window of Mies May's sitting-room, and gold-fish .swam forever in . a globe. Tho Bowers looked so pretty that grew in a long box in tho window. Once I carried a bunch homo that Miaa May bad given me, and tbey were so Bwcet evory one wanted to know whero thoy came from, ond I told them, and | Undo Wilbur took ono and gave me a largo oran^o for it.' i 11 Now, Claire,' I oried, 'you* aro juet making all that up I' M No, it's all true— it's a true Btory,' said Claire, earnestly ; then ehe said, 'Thero' a a nice kitty at Miss May's ; it will ooma to mo when I call it— it hasn't any name -but kitty. I think it ought to have a name be sides that.' ' You oan give it ono now, i( you want to,' I said. . 'Oh, oan I?' cried Claire, so joyously that any one might havo fancied I had just mado her a preaont o( five pounds. V Well, would Minnio do tor a name? No — it would tako too long to call— somothing short. Lot mo eeo. l?au — I don't V,actly like that — oh, I know I Lit'a call her Tinky . Pinky, dear, oonning Pinky , look up 1' To Olairo's delight, the kitten raised her little gray head and looked up. 11 Sho likes her name; eho almo&t; laughed, ebo'a so plc∿ i' cricd Clare, exoitcdly. Then, after petting puss, a few moments, sho picked up hor book and went on with her afcory : — ' Miaa May and l go to tbo Fame ohurch; she teaohes me in tbo Sunday cchool; .thero are four other girls iu the clans and oach one wants to ⁢ by Miss May, so we have to tako turns at it. Obrifitmao Miss May gave me a most beautifal book with, a green and gold oover, and a pioturo with a shepherd holding a dear little Iamb in bis arms. I read tho book Sundays. Then ono day when I was up in MiiS May's room, she opened a drawer in bcr dcuk and gavo' mo a lovely goll icocil. I often wear it around my nesk by a ribbon. ' Unola Wilbur has a splondid horse that he calls Sultan; sometimes ho takes me out for a drivs on bis tall oart — bo olton takes. Mies May out. My doll io going to a grand party next week ; sho will wear a pink , silk dre6S, and bcr first train— it's going to look beiutUul, and after the party Vox going to tell Miaa May all about it. Miss May is making the dress ; Bbe is sitting nesr mo, and ber checks aro as rod as roses. I tbinksho sits too near t)]efire, for her cheeks ure hardly ever so red.' 'It is warm,' murmured Miss May. 'Next summer wo aro going to havo a cottege by the seashore. I shall dig with clam-«hella in the eand every day and build forta. Miss May isn't sewing now she's rooking herself to and fro, and so I'll stop reading.' \ Then Olairo and I crocoeded to array Miss Miriam in the party dies 4 that I had just completed ; it set offlier Honda loveliuessto perfection, and sho looked fo fascioat'ng that wo felt compelled to kiss ber for be!ng eo pretty. Indeed, Olairo was so pleased that she clappsd her bands with delight, and then piruueed all around the room, finally rpiiugiug into my arms aud nearly Bmothcring mo with kisses. . Then Miss Yellowtvess was taken into tho next loom to mamma. I could bear Claire's .eager voios explaining and admiring it all, and mamma's comments; and thon baoktho littlo girl camo fluttering to my side like a bird. Miriam. YellowtresB waa laid upon tbo table, and then, withont so xnuch as 11 by your leave, ' Clairo sprang into my arms and droppod her golden head' upon, my shoulder. - 'Now it's my torn; Miss Miriam Yellow treso bas had you for a long time. Tell mo a.story, Miss May, pleaso.' So 1 told her about the day that kitty wW brought to my door in a little basket— a^e- sent from a oousln of mine wbo wajKgojag Sontlffor tho winter, i told her ho#etrange kitty felt at firsthand mowed ajfd mewed, and oven.ecraldbcd mo when I iook bcr up in my arms and tried to oomffct hfer. But kitty and 1 word now tbo beet of friends, and ; Bhe had forgotten to (eel lonely. . AUUU »1U P. ,«U HII1UUM UUU 10UBUU out at the rain. It dashed against tho win dow-pane, and the .tvind shook tho trees until tbey ewaved &md; bent beforo the blast, as though trembling and afraid 'of ita fury. Tbo eky was lowering ; eome of the clouds were of an inWblackness. Wo sat there until twilight camo/fou, and still it rained. . ; 'Don't yon feel awfully lonely, Miss May?' said Clairji! I do. ' I liko to feel so Bomo tiroeo.' r 'Whit a funny child ycu arol' I oaid. ' Hoar can you like to feel louely, pet?' ?' Well, solemn, then. Do tell mo a ghost Btor^r plesB3.' /'Not I, iweetbeart. Besides, I don't know ono to tell, as I never read them, T^to toy adrioe, Ciairo— never listeh to ghost stories; you may laugh ct tbem in broad daylight, but when you awake at night they will ecem very diffortnt.'. - - A storm ot wind ebook tlie easement ; hai- waa mingled with tha rata. Then mamma entered tha room and exclaimed ; ' Why, how dismal yoa both look; Bitting there in ihe dark with yoa arma around caoa other like tha babei in the wood.'- The oheery voice broko the spell ;. w'a left tha atorm to take care ot itself. I lighted the lami- with its amber- tinted globe, Btirred the fire till it eoap^ed and blazed up cheer fully, drew tha orimson curtains ' together, and all in a moment onr dusky , room was transformed. How dolieiously cosy and oomfortable it seemed I Olairo and I had a merry time— a gay, good time— until aomo one oame to tako my littlo friend aw'ay from me. . ? : . ??..? ?? And tho dolla' party ? Ob, it was a grand auceess, and, best of all, Misa YellowtresB waa tho belle ot the ball; 