THE GHOST OF THE PRINCE RUPERT. " Ahoy, there, ahoy! Ship ahoy!" "Mr. Wilson," said the skipper, putting his hand on the hatchway, " what's this darned row about?" " Please, sir, there's a ship over there on the starboard bow. We saw her quite plainly when the fog lifted a minute ago, but I'm hanged if I can now, and she won't answer to our hails," and I put my hand to my mouth and shouted again with all my might " Ship ahoy 1" Just then the tog lifted again, and right ahead appeared a ship under full sail, royalstun's'ls and skysails set, and the sunlight, which left us in gloom, brought out her white sails and every little rope and spar stood clearly marked against the dark and stormy background. So close she came we could see her decks and the people on them. " Down with your helm! Down with your helm ! Hard astarboard !" roared the skipper and I in a breath, making a dash for the wheel; but the stranger forged ahead, the fog closed over her* and we were left all aback, our Bails banging against the masts. Good Lord!" cried Captain Pratt, mopping his forehead with his big red hand kerchief, " thet war a near shave, Mister, What d'ye think of it ?" " Well, sir," I said, rubbing my eyes, for it had all passed so swiftly I could hardly believe my eyesight, " Well, sir, I don't know, I am sure; but if we were only a little more to the east'ard I'd have said it was the Fying Dutchman and Philip Van derdecken himself." " Wal, wal," said the skipper again, still polishing away at his forehead. " Wal wal; they do say he cruises in these latti tudes. But I don't keer about this fog. Why, bless my soul, you can't see tbe mainmast. Put her before the wind agin, Mister." The watch went to the braces and soon hauled the yards round and we were bowling along as before. Then the full force of the situation seemed to burst on the skipper all at once, and he turned to me and rated me soundly for carrying on in that way through such a fog, mixing up his jawing with imprecations on the stranger for not having his foghorn going. I ven tured at last, humbly, to remark that that was hardly my fault, but he immediately shut me up with an order to " keep her under tops'les till the fog lifts and keep your foghorn going," a totally unnecessary order, for it was booming away on the foc's'le like a cow in the extremest agony, Then the skipper went below and left me to see his orders carried out. The Prince Rupert was a Liverpool clipper, bound for San Francisco, and at the time my story opens found herself sailing before a fair wind in a heavy South Atlantic fog somewhere in the latitude of Buenos Ayres. I, Charles Wilson, was her first mate, Sam Pratt her skipper, and Fred Archer her second mate, while of her crew the majority, contrary to the run of things nowadays, were men from the British Isles the remainder being made up with the usual ragtag and bobtail of "Dutchmen, as we called them, men who in reality 1 seemed to be the sweepings and outcasts from every nation under the sun. We were a cargo ship and carried no passengers, luckily for them, for the Prince Rupert, though she called herself a clipper, was by no means so fast as her skipper &nd; her officers could have wished, and a prolonged stay in the latitude of Cape Horn some where about the middle of Jane is by no means desirable. There was nothing remarkable about the ship, nothing remark' able about the crew, they were all common place, aa common-place as one could well wish to see, but they were superstitious of course. All sailors are that, and I Boon found that the incident of the " silent ship," as I called her to myself, had made a profound impression on them. The man at the wheel had heard my remark to the skipper that she looked like the " Flying Dutchman," and had apparently repeated it in the foc's'le, where it was received as By-and-by the man who had been on the lookout on that day, a jolly little Irishman named Pat Mahoney, came to me and confided his fears. " Faix, yer honor," he said, " I don't like it at all, at alL For 'twas meself was was on the lookout that day, and I'd like well to know what'll be happening next, The bhoys is sayin' 'tis bad luck it manes for certain." »Nonsense, man, nonsense," I said, trying to disabuse his mind of the absurd notion he had got into his head, " ' the Flying Dutchman' indeed! It was only some skipper too lazy to keep his foghorn going." " Ye don't often see a packet like that these days, an' besides ye said 'twas the Dutchman yersel'," he answered doggedly, "Russian Pete heard ye, and faix if twasn't bad luck for me an' the bo'sun to fall out, and all over a slip of a girl, too, bad cess to her." " You and the bo'sun haven't fallen out, have you ?" I asked with some wonder ; for they had left the Liverpool docks such dear friends that the bo'sun—a tall, stern, lantern- jawed, north-country man named Scott, had come aft with a special request that Pat Mahoney might share his cabin, and their friendship up till now had been of such a demonstrative character, unusual among men, that not only the crew but even the officers also had noticed and com mented on it. It was with some curiosity I asked then, as Pat nodded his head in assent. What the deuce did you quarrel about?"' "Just about that same, sir; about the colleen, sir," said Pat, looking down sheepishly, and twisting a strand of rope through his restless fingers. " Ye see," he added, " 'was this way. Dan'l, ye see, ie grave, very grave like, an' the girl av coorse she liked well a bit av fun, she couldn't keep to him; 'twasn't he should have been expectin' it at all, at all—an'—an', sure 'twas only a lock av hair an' bit pictur he found. Sure 'twasn't worth a fuss about.'" Oh-o, Mr. Pat," I said, putting together this somewhat fragmentary explanation. " Oh-o, so you have been playing fast and sweet with his sweetheart, have you? Well, Pat, take my advice and make it up again if you can. I wouldn't stand in your saoes for something, but Fm hanged if I can see how you can blame the Flying Dutchman for your own folly." " Sure t'was the very day afther," began Pat. But I had had enough of his love story, and sent him for'ard again, with another injunction to make it up if he could. He could not, apparently, or perhaps he did not try, for whenever I thought about the matter I saw that the two men never spoke to one another—never crossed each other's path if it could be avoided, Evidently the breach was too deadly to be lightly healed, but I had not much time to think about the matter, for whether or not the mysterious stranger bad anything to do with it I can't say, but certainly from the moment we lost sight of her the prosperity of our voyage was at an end. Up till then we had met fair winds, and the Prince Rupert had gone ahead so fast that onr " old man " began to prophesy we should beat our record—not that that would have meant anything re markable, but from that time forth every' thing went against us. The fog scarcely lifted for over a week, and all that time we were almost becalmed, rolling heavily, and keeping our foghorn going. The men growled and grumbled and set it down to the "Flying Dutchman," which by this time the whole of the crew were ready to Bwear they had seen, not forgetting old Philip Yanderdecken himself. Then just as I began, like the rest of them, to think we were doomed to sail slowly through that fog for ever, a gale came from the west, a warm land breeze, which dispersed the fog indeed, but drove us out of our course to the east'ard. I really thought we should never round the Horn. We could sail south, we might have sailed north, the wind seemed determined we should go east, but west we could not go Whenever the wind was fair with all sails set the Prince Rupert couldn't make more than three or four knots an hour, while more than once we found ourselves hove-to under close-reefed topsails, for it blew perfect hurricane from the west. For more than a month we were kept dodging about in the South Atlantic, and then, just as the skipper swore he would make a fair wind of a foul one, and sail right round the world to San Francisco, it changed, and blew steadily from the east. Very cheerily the men's choruses rang out as we set all sail and went along merrily before this fair wind. " Blow, my bully boys, blow," they sang, and the only gloomy face aboard was that of the lantern-jawed North Country bo'sun, who evidently could not forget his sweetheart's faithlessness nor forgive the false friend who had supplanted him. Pat seemingly had forgotten about the matter, and once when I questioned him. merely answered— Och, sir, sure I've forgiven the crathur entoirely," which seemed to me hardly to the point. Bat this blissful state of affairs was not destined to last long. Just as we rounded the Horn our fair wind increased to a gale, the glass fell, and as night came on the skipper began to look anxious. " I guess I don't like the look of things, Mister," he said, taking a squint round at the clouds, " I guess if the gale increases you'll just reef the maintops'le slick." It was, indeed, a dismal night. A keen bitter wind that shrieked through the rigging was blowing direct from the icefields of tlie South Pole. All the sails and ropes were frozen hard as iron. The snow so soft and white when it first fell had become lumps of ice on tbe yards and decks, and the man on the lookout at the foc's'le head was a pillar of ice. A dirty night, Mister, a dirty night," said the skipper again as he went below. " Keep your weather eye lifting." My watch on deck began at 8, and as the night advanced the gale increased, and weather grew worse and worse. We were scudding along under storm canvas, with our fore and mizzen tops'les reefed, and about 10 o'clock I called all bands to reef the maintopsail. The starboard watch, turned up rubbing their eyes and swearing at their rest being disturbed, but they were soon at their work, singing with a will. Very mournfully the shanty rang out— Away to Bio, away to Bio; Then fare tbee well, my boanie young girl, If you're bound for the Bio Grande. The air was thick and white with falling snowflakes, and I standing on the break of the poop and straining my eyes upwards could not see farther than the maintop, but still I could hear the mournful refrain, nowdying away faint and low, now swelling loud and clear above the shrieking of the gale—" Away to Rio, away to Rio, to the banks of the Rio Grande." They were rather a long while about, I thought, though I knew the yards must be slippery with ice, and I was just about to shout an enquiry, couched in not quite the politest language, when suddenly through, the white haze which hid all aloft I saw a dark body fall, and it needed not tbe sudden cessation of the shanty and the wild cry of " man overboard " to tell me that ene of our shipmates had gone to .his long account. It was hopeless to think of saving him. I saw that at once as he touched the water, a shapeless mass of oil- skins, and the boiling sea swept him away to leeward. The hands without any bidding of mine ran down from aloft and crowded to the bulwarks, while the halfreefed sail banged against the yard. But the snow was so blinding, the haze so dense, it was impossible to see half a ship's length off, and it was hopeless to think of .saving him. Reluctant as I was to abandon a comrade, there was nothing to be done but to order the hands aloft again to finish, reefing the sail. When it was done, and the watch had gone below again, I enquired, and was told it was Pat Mahoney who had been lost. "He was at the reef-earring, sir," explained the man, questioned. " The yard was awful slippy with ice, and the ropes were like iron; the bo'sun was next him, and he says the rope just snapped, and Pat turned head over heels without a word. He never cried out and the snow was in my eyes, and that thick I didn't see it happen myself." I questioned the bo'sun, hut he was morose, as usual, and briefly said "he supposed the rope parted, it was rotten, as I might see for myself. It was just the way poor sailors' lives were frittered away." And when I asked for the rope I heaTd the other end had been chucked overboard. " It warn't worth keepin'," in the men's opinion, " it was too short." So there only remained to enter in the log " that Patrick Mahoney had been lost overboard at four bells in the "first watch on the night of July 8, 1886, lat. 57deg. 49min. Ion. 72deg. 20min., from the maintopsail yard, while eogaged in reefing the maintopBail. They missed Pat'a merry Irish Ways iti the foc's'le. The pore watch was short of a hand, and the men set down their bad luck once more to the Flying Dutchman j but if so, be appeared to have wreaked hits vengeance on poor Pat Mahoftey> for next day the weather cleared) and the 'Frisco girls got our tow- rope, as the men said, for we had fair winds, which stuck by us till we had sailed through the Golden Grates and towed up the Sacramento to Port Costa. "We by at San Francisco for otfefc Six months. Freights were bad> and finally we cleared out with a cargo of wheat bonnd to Queenstown for orders. We had not made many changes in our company; another man filled Pat Mahoney's place, and some of the crew had run and been replaced by others ; but the most of those who bad left Liverpool with us were going back with the ship to old England again. It was winter once more before we found ourselves in the latitude of Cape Horn, and on July 8,1881, we were down south of it, scudding along before a westerly Wind, a wind which, though fair, threatened every moment to become a gale. " Do ye reeollec', Mister," said the skipper, as we stood together on <he p3op, " it was somewhere hereabouts we lost Pat Mahoney. It was this very day, too, an* this kinder weather. Wal, wal, I cal'c'late wp'd better look out for squalls tonight,'* Now, though the skipper and I had both thought of the anniversary of Pat's death, I do not think it had occurred to any of the men. A sailor is a careless individual, living for the present only, and a man is soon forgotten at sea; therefore, that any of the crew should have remembered the very day was very unlikely indeed. At the most, some might recollect that we had lost a hand in these waters on our voyage out. Thus of what followed I can give 00 explanation whatever. It was my first watch on deck again, and again the night was dirty and squally with promise of more wind and a 6now so thick that from the break of the poop I could not see the man on the look-out at the foc's'le head. The decks were white with heaped up snow, and I myself as I tramped up and down the weather side was rapidly becoming a moving pillar of ice. Nothing was farther from my thoughts than Pat Mahoney, and if I was thinking of anything in particular it was the comfortable bunk I should be due for in another four hours, and the bright cosy fire I would have been sitting over had I the chance, and, well, yes perhaps I was thinking a little of the pretty bright-haired girl I should like to see sitting on the other side of that fire. The only other creature stirring, save the man on the foc's'le head and myself, was the hand at the wheel, the rest of the port watch having stowed themselves away somewhere for'ard, and practically I was alone. Up and down I tramped, up aud down, stamping my feet to keep out the cold, thinking harder than ever, by force of contrast I suppose, of the cosy fire and the pretty girl who should sit alongside it, and the wind that shrieked through the rigging and the waves that broke alongside formed a soit of accompaniment to my thoughts. I could almost have set them to a tune—" Pretty Nellie; sweet Nellie; dear, dear Nellie." There was no change for about two hours, and then the gale had increased so much that I had just paused in my tramp to look aloft and consider whether I hadn't belter call the watch to take a reef in the topsails, when the man on the lookout came rushing aft— "Oh please, sir, for God's sake, Mr. Wilson, there's some one hailing from aloft." " Aloft!" I looked up into the white haze. "Aloft! Johnson, you must be a raving lunatic. There's not a soul would . be aloft a night like this if he could help himself." " I heard it," he protested, and his voice trembled and his teeth chattered, whether with cold or fear I could not tell. " I heard it as plain down from the mainmast; it came from the topsailyard, I think." Convince him he was mistaken I could not, so there was nothing for it but to go for'ard to the main hatchway, which I did, Johnson keeping close beside me. I stood a moment shading my eyes and peering up through the blinding show, then I rashly spoke. *' There you see," I said, " I told you there was no one here." Hardly had the words left roy lips when there came a deep hail from aloft. " On deck, there," said the voice in deep, loud tones j " on deck there." The suddenness And ttnb&pebtednefeg; of the thing fairly took my breath away, but I swear I was not afraid,; there seemed nothing to be afraid of. Johnson gave a terrified sbd\it thfet brotight tbti w&ttih; tumbling otit, and 1 was so dumbfounded 1 could say nothing, but stood gazing aloft; and as we looked upwards (there were at least twenty of us by this time) again came the clear- toned hail from above— " On deck there; on deck there." I don't know Whjr thefb Wa& Siich a dis fbclib&tidn; h thong us to answer that hail* £ am certain I was not afraid, and on talking it over afterwards I found not one of the watch considered they were at first. I had considered in my own mind, unlikely as it seemed, that one of the crew had chosen this inauspicious time for a lark, when again here came the hail, slightly altered this time— u BeloW there;" tried the mysterious Voice ; " beloW there: ' " Ma God*" feAld 1 Chips, a Scotchman, " it eoUfldg awfu' uncanny an' awesome. Will ye no answer, Mr. Wilson 1" I suppose I must have been more frightened than I cared to own even to myself, for I found I had to brace up my courage before I could hail in reply. " Maintopsail yard there. Hullo." Back came the answer almost &t; onGe. " Stand from ufader " And I shouted in reply with more confidence this time, " Ay, ay; let fall." On what happened afterwards I make no comment. I tell what I saw with my own eyes and heard with my own ears, simply and exactly how it happened, but I attempt no explanation. To me it was a weird and awful occurrence slich as had no parallel in my experience, but t cannot explain it. Almost as the words left my lips something dark appeared in the white haEd above, something fell on deck with a crash that seemed to shake the ship from stem to stern, and that at first sight appeared an indistinguishable brown lump huddled up close against the mainmast. At the same moment there came a tremendous gust of wind that sent the ship over on her beam-ends, and made me fancy for a moment wo were gone for ever. But no, she righted herself; aud then a strange thing happened. Fifteen good, stanch British sailors, to say nothing of five Dutchmen, who arn't of much account any way, can swear to it, else I had never dared write it, but as the ship righted herself we saw that all trace of the storm had gone. A moment before and we had been unable to see as far as the maintop for the blinding snow, and the man at the wheel, and indeed the whole of the poop were entirely hidden by it; but now, not a minute later, every 6ign of the storm and wind had passed away. It was still piercingly cold, colder than ever I fancied, but there was not a breath of wind, the sea was smooth as glass, the horizon clear for miles away, and right overhead in the clear cold dark sky was the round bright silver moon, making with her rays the whole ship clear as day. Very beautiful looked the Prince Rupert in the clear white moonlight. A phantom ship, she might have been manned by a phantom crew, for her decks, save for the delicate tracery made by the shadows of her yards and riggings were white with snow ; her masts, sails, yards, and every little rope and spar were encrusted with it. We men who 6tood grouped round the mainmast were white from head to toe, and there were but few dark shadows, for the moon was right overhead and the one or two sails that were set were flapping idly against the masts. No dark spot, did, I say ? Yes, truly there was one close at the foot of the mainmast, right in the brilliant moonlight, a dark shadow that gradually as we gazed assumed shape and substance until clearly defined against the white mast and whiter deck we saw the form of a man clad in brown oilskins—oilskins on which, in spite of the surronnding whiteness, there was not a particle of snow, but which were drenched through and through with water that trickled down on to the deck and seemed to be absorbed in the snow there. " Ma God," said Chips, in a whisper— he seemed to have constituted himself 6pokesmaa to the party—"ma God, it maun be a ghaist." It was curious that none of the rest of us spoke till the man at the wheel, old man-o'-war's man though be was, abandoning the wheel and leaving the ship to drift idly where she listed, crept up to me, and peeped over mj shoulder. "Lord help ue," he said, in an awe struck whisper, " it's Pat Mahoney." Like a flash it came to me that he was right. It was Pat—Pat Mahoney. Poor M whom, sate for that passing thought that Wiy fiflormng, I bad not thought ot for nearly a J-etof. , v , "Pat," he whispered again. J™ Mtthoney I" , tfhen, gathering courage, he stepped out irotH attotigst. 08. "Pat, he said still in a whisper, addrefisitrg the dread figure in front of us,-standing there So calm and imperturbable in the brilliant moonlight, "Pat, never done ye no harm, my lad, did I now, Pat? It isn t me ^fc've tottie to haunt V' And solemnly and qmetfo fis if in answer, the awful figure he had called Pat Mahoney shook its head. One by one we stepped out and asked the same questioneven I, the officer of the watch—and all in turn received the same solemn answer. One by one we asked it, and just as we had finished the skipper came on deck. " May I be eternally smashed, Mister," he begati angrily as he saW the deserted poop and the little group for'ard, " What the tarnation"—then he joined tis, the words froze on his lips and the situation seemed to dawn on him without any explanation of ours. " Pat ?" he asked as gravely as the rest of us had done. "Pat, Pat, 'twasn't me," and then as the figure solemnly shook its head he passed the word to call the starboard watch and the second mate. One by one they tumbled up, first growling and wrathful at having their rest disturbed, but sobered and awed once they understood what they had been called for. One by one they put the same question, and one by one received the same answer, even to the idlers, the cook, and the steward. "Are we all here?" aBked the Bkipper, glancing round. " No, by the 'tarnal, where's the bo'sun ? ' I ran below, relieved to escape even for a moment from that awful presence, and found Dan'el Scott sleeping calmly in his bunk. Taking him by the shoulder I shook him hard. " Rouse out I Koflse oat 1" I said, " we want you on deck." By the dim light of the oil lamp which huug from the deck above I saw the wondering look in his sullen eyes, for a boatswain on a merchant ship works all day and sleeps all night, and if he is wanted the chief officer does not as a rule rush into his cabin and pull him out. "Eouse out I" I said again, "Eouse out!" and without a word he got up sullenly, put on his oilskins, snd followed me on deck and joined the other hands. Without a word being spoken on either brilliant light of the full moon. Not ag the others had done did the bo'sun. He asked no question, made no movement, only stared at the figure with a face which, weather-beaten as it was, paled to ghastliness. Then for the first time it raised its arm and pointed at the bo'sun ; no word it spoke, gave no other sign; but graven on my mind was the old-time accusation of Scripture, "Thou art the man," and then even as we gazed the apparition was no longer there. It did not fade away or disappear gradually. One moment we were gazing at it with all our eyes and the next, though I for one could have sworn I had never taken my eyes off it, it was gone. The bo'sun stared for a second at the vacant space at the foot of the mast, and then with a wild shriek that rang in my ears for days after, sprang on to the bulwarks, and before any man could stop him, into the calm, still sea below. We all stood paralysed, and then the Yankee skipper collected his scattered senses and shouted, " Clear away the starboard lifeboats; slick, now—slick, you lubbers!" We were slick, and in less than ten minutes the boat was launched; but search as we would —and we searched with a will—we could nowhere find a trace of the bo'sun. It was light as day, the sea was calm as a millpond, but, excellent swimmer as he was, he had vanished completely. Still we would not give up hope, and pulled about for an hour; then, a faint breeze springing up from the west, the skipper recalled us, and we set sail and resumed our voyage. The skipper entered in the log that the bo'sun had committed suicide by jumping overboard in lat. 57deg. 52min., long. 77deg. 20min., and we found on comparison that so far had we been blown out of our course—for ships returning round the Horn hug the shore, while thouse outward bound go m.re to the southward—that it was the very place within three minutes where we had lost overboard poor Pat Mahoney. Of the strange events that had preceded the bo'sun's death he made no mention; he could give no explanation of them, and how ^ d ^send such a wild story to the underwriters ? They would certainly have thought it the log of a raving lunatic, therefore he suppressed them altogether. Only ibe crew of the Prince Rupert are convinced that tbey saw face to face the ghost of Pat Mahoney, and they firmly believe that on the awful night of July 8, the bo'sun under cover of the darkness influenced by fierce desire to be revenged on the man who had supplanted him, but more probably by the Flying Dutchman, had cut the reef-earring and so eaused his death. The difference in the latitude where Mahoney was lost and where bis ghost appeared they explain by supposing that the skipper might have been a little out in his reckoning, which, after all, is not unlikely. For myself, I believe and shall believe to my dying day in the ghost I saw that stormy night on board the Prince Rupert. 