Jensen's Congress of Cabalistic Wonders. There was a larsje attendance at the Town Hall on Monday night to witness the performance of Jensen's Congress of Caba listic Wonders and the audience had reason to be well satisfied with the strong and varied programme, which was carried out without the slightest fault. Professor E. Jensen opened th.4 perfermance with his seance of modern magic, the grace and ease with which he executed his various and most inexplicable feats, fairly won for him the heart of his audience. His greatest feature in this act was the ' Skull Ibicus,' which was placed on a glass plate and covered with a glass globe, so as to exclude any electrical connection. The skull was able to tell the amount thrown with a couple of dice, also the amount to be, thrown, and any card drawn from a common pack of cards. After examining the skull it was proved to be a simple skull of^au aboriginal, although an imitation skull which was placed likewise on the plate of glass worked better. The second act on the programme was a skipping-rope dance by Miss Eclith Moulton, which was performed with admirable skill. Oko Mota— the Japanese Juggler— then pro ceeded to execute his wonderful manipula ti»n with the fan and butterflies. The latter were afterwards torn up, and from their remnants a great number of ribbons were thrown out in racket-like fashion. After gathering up these ribbons Oko Mota proceeded to take out of his hand about 24 balls, each of which was large enough to have filled a good-sized hand. Then followed the marvellous feat of firing a bayonet from a rifle straight at th-- juggler, who caught the bayonet in his hand-whilst it was flying past him. The second part of the programme was opened with the ' Black Art,' performed by Achmed Ali Bey. This feature of the programme is not to be explained, but must be seen. Achmed Ali JBey is magni ficently dressed in Oriental robes, and his charming assistant, Miss Haida, is likewise attired. The scene opens in a weird-looking cave. Achmed Ali Bey enters with his as sistant and three servants. After going through the invocation of his invisible spirits, Achmed proceeds to call for various things, which appear in due course, appar ently from nowhere in particular. The ap pearance of a tray full of tea crockery on a table that was a moment before perfectly empty was most startling, likewise the dancing ghost, who appeared frcm an empty barrel aud disappeared again in the same. The crowning feature, however, was the Hindoo basket trick. A boy is placed in a. common wash-basket. This basket is. closed, and immediately two swords are run through it. After with drawing these swords and wiping them with a clean white handkerchief they prove to be full of blood. The basket is found t» be empty, and the boy appears on the other side of the stage from a barrel perfectly unhurt. This act was loudly applauded. Then followed Mr. Albert Lin ton, who, in less than five minutes, painted a perfect landscape on a canvas 3 by 2 feet in size ; and considering he painted it upside down we cannot but say that it was a master piece. ' ? The performance concluded with Prof. Eobert Jensen's beautiful act Galatea taken from the Grecian legend, Pygmalion (Mr. E. Jensen) enters dressed as a Grecian sculptor and proceeds to put the finish ing touch to his statue Galatea (Mrs. E. Jensen). ' Whilst he is at work Mephis tcpheles (Mr. W. Farmer) enters and in forms him that if he will sign himself* over to the devil, he will endow the statue with life. Pygmalian refuses, but on Mephista threatening to destroy the statue he yields, and Mephista proceeds to put life into the statue. The changes are splendily executed, and the living statue walks down off the pedestal and Pygmalion falls enraptured at her feet, and is about to kiss the band of Galatea, when Mephista suddenly inter feres. Owing to a clause in the contract that Pygmalion was not ts touch the living figure, he turns the living statue back to sham again, and with a diabolical laugh disappears. Pygmalion, in dispair, is about to destroy the statue, when he sees a dagger lying on the ground, left there by Mephis topheles, and tries with this to reanimate the statue, but to bis harror only succeeds to turn the statue into Mephistopheles.who claims him as his victim. The scenery, costumes, decorations and properties are simply first-class, and a visit to the Town Hall, if only to see the drop- curtain in front of the stage (which is composed of Burmese hand-work), is alone worth the money. We can safely say that a better company of this kind has never visited the colonies, and feel certain that Jensens' Congress of Cabalistic Wonders will draw crowded houses during their season here To-night there will be a a change of programme, and His Excellency the Governor and Lady Broome have ex tended their patronage for to-morrow night, on which occasion we feel quite sure there will be a large attendance. 