MERCURY JUNIOR. I THE LOST BROOCH»! _. « I think you might lend me that old brooch, Aunt Abbie ' It is just what I need to complete my costume " , , , " Becky Alger turned from the lindow where she had been standing for the last half hour and began to walk up and down the floor A \ ery diacontented look was on her pretty face « Well I won't lend it, so you needn t ask me Again," said Miss Abbie, who was carefully and consc.entiously darning a small hole m a pair of old black cotton gloves "The young people of the present day are beyond my comprehension The idea of your wanting to flaunt around in a public place in anything so sacred as that brooch ' «I wouldn't flaunt m it I'd simply pin my collar with it, and it's ju¡>t what I need Beally, Aunt Abbie, I can't get along without it " You'll have to," rejoined Miss Abbie, grimly, " for I have no intention of lending it to you no matter how much you talk Why, I don't weai that brooch myself, except on rare occasions If I let you have it, I shouldn't know a minutes' peace all the time you were gone You'd be sure to lose '" If you thought I wouldn't lose it, would you lend it to me, Aunt Abbie ?" "Perhaps so, but as you ate no doubt aware, Rebecca, you are careless to the last degree I've always regretted my folly in letting you take that lace handker-" "O Aunt Abbie," inteiriipted Becky, im- patiently, " that was five years ago ' I was only a child then You ought not to bring that up now I promise I won't lose the brooch " "You aie quite safe in promising, you won't have a chance to lose it," said Miss Abbie, with a little laugh that ii ritated Becky " I could replace the handkerchief, but never the brooch " Becky gave a long sigh, gathered up her sewing materials, which were scattered on every chair and table in the room, and went out She was going np stairs, but changed her mind and went into the kitchen, where her sister Amy was making cake " There's an expression on your face that tells me that you and Aunt Abbie have been talking brooch again," said Amy, as her sister came and stood beside her " What is the use of it, Becky ? You know she never changes her mind about any thing " " I know it, this was a last attempt," answered Becky, disconsolately "But how am I to fasten that lace collar in front ?" " You'll have to use a common pin It wouldn't do to put on anything modern," said Amy, measur mg a cup of white sugar " Aunt Abbie has a hcait of stone '" cried Becky "As if I could lose the old brooch '" " Well, Becky, j ou know you aie rather caieless, you must admit that," said Amy, very gently " Aunt Abbie can't forget that you lost her best lace handkciclnef five yeais ago " " Oh, I'm sick of hearing about my caielessness and that wretched lace handkeichiet '" and Becky dropped into a chan " I wish I had never con- sented to go into this conceit It has been all worry from the very beginning " "1 hey couldn't get along without you, Becky , you know that And your costume will be the prettiest there That old brocade would stand alone " But Becky only sighed again, and her counten ance did not lighten She felt that nothing could comfort her now She had taken the most intenbe interest m the Old Folks' Concert, and had been as gay as a Iaik over the fashioning of the dress she was to weat, until, in an unfortunate moment she had remembered Aunt Abbie's biooch, and had asked to boirow it Miss Abbie had refused point blank even to con sider the request, but Becky was a girl w ho, when she set her heart on a thing could not enduie dis appointment, and she had argued and pleaded with Miss Abbio uutil the old lady was out of patience The conceit was to take place on Thuisday night, and Becky hoped against conviction that bei aunt would relent, but the old lady was obdurate to the last Miss Abbie had intended to go to the concert, but while Becky was dressing she put hei head in at the dooi lo say that she had been sent foi to sit np with Mrs Mills, a friend who had been ill toi a long time " So I shall not be able to hoai you sing, Becky," she aided, " and I can t even stay now to see how you 11 look m that brocade dress You ought to have let me see you try it on " " I'll put it on for you tu morro«, Aunt Abbie," said Becky, who was engaged in powdering her dusky head very liberally " And-and won't you let me have that brooch ?" " Yes, when I'm ready to say good bye to it forever," said Miss Abbie " By that time you 11 have learned to be more careful of thinDs," and she went away on her neighbourly errand Becky stamped her foot in vexation " I wiBh I hadn't asked her again," she thought " I wish I'd never seen the hateful brooch '" When she was all dressed she was obliged to acknowledge to heiself that she looked very well indeed The old fashioned gown was very becom mg, and the delicate lace of the wide collar softened her complexion If she only had the brooch to fasten it ' " I'll see how it looks on me, anyway Aunt Abbie couldn't object to my tiying it on," she thought She threw her cloak and nubia over her arm, and erossed the hall to her aunt's room, which was just opposite her own Mibs Abigail never locked her bureau diaweis, and in the upper one was the small faded velvet case containing the brooch It was a very hand some piece of jewellery Pearls and small diamonds surrounded the antiquated picture of Becky's gi eat grandfather, and the gold rim was heavily chased Becky lost no time in pinning this ancient heir loom to her collar, and then gazed at herself in the glass with much complacency How the diamonds sparkled ' The brooch seemed to enrich hei whole costume " I might wear it anyhow I shall be back long before Aunt Abbie, and she will never know Oh, it is such a temptation '" thought poor Becky It was, however, a temptation that would not, probably, have been yielded to had not Amy's voice at that moment called to her from the foot of the stairs "The carriage bascóme, Becky They're waiting for you " Becky hesitated just an instant Then " I will wear it '" she muttered, and thrusting the case back into the drawer, Bhe turned out the gas, caught up her cloak, and rushed downstaus " Let me see how you look," said Amy But Beckv, flushing hotly with the consciousness of the borrowed piece of jewellery at her throat, said she couldn't stop, and hurried out to the carriage waiting at the gate The concert was to be given in the Town Hall A dressing-room had been fitted up at one end, and into this Becky, with half a dozen other girls, was ushered on her arrival A tempoiary dressing table had been made of a large table, over which hung a mirror, and about this the girls crowded as soon as they removed their wraps "We have no time to waste It is almost eight o'clock," said Carol Cresson, as she gave a finishing pat to her hair, and away Bhe hurried, follón ed by all except Becky, who had taken off the brooch in order to place the lace collar a little lower down, and had been waiting a chance to get before the glass " O Becky," cried some one behind her, " I'm so late' Do help me' Just tie this horrid bow ' I can't do a thing with it my fingers are so cold " She turned and saw Plome Goddard, who had just come m and was throwing off her cloak and nubia Becky lent her aid at once, and was pulling out the loops of the "ow when Mr Starr, the sta<*e manager, put his head in at the door ° " Young ladies, wo are waiting for you," he said " Come, the curtain is about to rise " Both girls followed him immediately, all m a flutter of excitement, and Becky did not think of the brooch again until, in the middle of the second song, she happened to put her hand to her thioat The shock of discovering that the brooch was not there made her brain reel Every particle of color left her cheeks, and the song died on her lips She went through her part mechanically after that, not conscious what she was doing People m the audience said they never heard her sing so badly, and wondered what made her bo white How thankful she was when at last she was able to leave the stage ' She seized upon a small boy in one of the wings, and with the promise of areward of fifty cents, sent him m seaich of the missine irooch. ° Wi+"h that agonising impatience she n.i -ed his retu.rn-only to be told that the article could not be found. . ,. ,, ,, T," " It must be there !" she said, frantically. 111 go myself and look." But her looking was in vam. The brooch had disappeared. Poor Becky ! what she suffered can bo easily imagined. She looked like the ghost of her bright, happy self wheu, at eleven o'clock, she reached home, and hurried upstairs to her sister's room. Amy had retired, but sprang up, lighted the gas, and unlocked the door when she heard Becky's imperious knock. "Why, what's the matter, Becky! she cried. "You're as white as a sheet." " I feel worse than I look," said poor Becky. "Amy, something dreadful has happened; I've lost Aunt Abbie's brooch." "Lost Aunt Abbie's brooch!" repeated Amy, sinking into the nearest chnir. "Becky, surely you never-" " Yes, I did. I borrowed it without her leave. It was awful, I know, but I wanted it so much O Amy, don't look like that. I feel bad enough as it is." And then Becky, heedless of her dainty silk dress, threw herself on the bed, and wept until she was almost hysterical. Amy tried to soothe her, of course, but could say nothing comforting. Indeed, comfort of any kind was out of the question, for the terrible fact remained that the brooch was lost and would in all probability never be seen again. And the thought that Aunt Abbie must be told weighed on both the girls like a nightmare. " But you needn't tell her to-night," said Amy, " for she has been in bed two hours, at least. She didn't have to sit up with Mrs. Mills, after all." Becky was so pale, so nervous, and so depressed during the next few days that Amy wondered Aunt Abbie did not remark upon it. But the old lady apparently did not notice it. Every morning when Becky rose she sa'd to herself, " I'll tell her to- day," but when night came, the terrible confession had not been made. The longer she deferred it the greater grew her dread of making it. " I can't tell her," the poor girl would say, when Amy urged her not to put off the evil hour any longer. " You know how she'll look ; she'll wither me in one glance. I shall never have another happy hour after she knows about that brooch." " You're not having many happy hours now, I think," rejoined Amy. " And she must be told some time, Becky." Becky groaned. " Just the fact of losing the brooch is enough to make me wretched all my life," she said. " But to have to tell Aunt Abbie-that is awful ! Amy, I was weighed yesterday, and I've lost three pounds. Now don't tell me I haven't suffered. It's a wonder my hair hasn't turned white." Five days after theconcert Aunt Abbie announced at breakfast that she had accepted an invitation to visit a friend in an adjoining town, and would leave home tho following morning. " I'll get my things ready at once," she said. " Becky, you can lend me your large satchel. I'll a be gone so short time it isn't worth while to take a trunk." Becky went upstairs after breakfast to got the satchel, and Amy, who was dusting the balusters, followed her into her room, and carefully closed the door. " Becky, you'll have to tell her now," she said. " There's no help for it, for she always takes that brooch when she goes visiting." " Yes, I know it," said Becky, in a voice of hope- less despair. *' I thought of that the moment she spoke about going." " Perhaps she won't be as severe as you think," said Amy, trying to say something comforting. To this Becky made no answer save by a look. She took the satchel out of the closet, stood for a moment gazing at it vacantly, and then went straight into her aunt's room. Miss Abigail was sitting by a window, sorting out from a boxful of handkerchiefs those she wished to take with her. She looked up and smiled pleasantly as Becky entered. "Oh, you've bronght the satchel," she said. " I'm much obliged." " You needn't be," burst out Becky, desperately " You needn't be obliged to me for anything, Aunt Abbie. You'll just hate me when I tell you some- thing. Oh, I can't bear to toll you-it seems so awful-and I know just how you'll feel. But-but -I took your brooch that night of the concert, Aunt Abbie. I did want it so much, and I was sure I wouldn't lose it, and-and I did lose it. I put it down on the dressing-table for a moment while I tied a bow for Florrie Goddard, and Mr. Starr carne to hurry us ; and so I went off and for- got it. I know you'll never, never forgive me, Aunt Abbie. Your precious brooch! There's nothing I nan ever do to make up for it. Oh, I am so wretched over it. I've nearly died." She paused, choked with sobs, and with the tears streaming down her face. She expected a torrent of angry words, a terrible blast of bitter reproach ; but nothing of the kind came. Miss Abbie did not even look up. She went on quietly sorting hand- kerchiefs. Becky stopped crying, and'stared at her amazed. " Auut Abbie, you can't have heard what I've been telling you !" she said. " Oh, how can you be so calm ! If you only knew what I've suffered these last few days." " I do know," said Miss Abbie, quickly. " I've seen you suffering." " But you didn't know why I-" " Yes, I did," interrupted Miss Abbie. " I knew all about it." " Knew I lost your brooch. Then why didn't you speak to me about it ? How could you help speaking ?" " There was no need of it. I thought it better to lot you speak to me. And I wasn't much dis- turbed, for"-here Miss Abbie rose and went to her I bureau-" here is the brooch," and she took out the faded velvet case with a little flourish, and dis- played the ancient heirloom on its satin bed. I " Oh is it, really, really ?" cried Becky, hysteri- cally. " Where did you find it, Aunt Abbie ?" " On the table in that dressing-room at the Town Hall," answered Miss Abbie, slowly and distinctly. "I found on going to Mrs. Mills's that her daughter had arrived unoxpectedly, and that therefore I wasn't needed. So I concluded to carry out my original intention and go to the concert. On reaching the hall I went into the dressing-room to put my bonnet straight, -a man having run into me and knocked it to one Bide, and the first thing I saw on the table was my brooch," with severe emphasis. " I was so upset that I had to go home, and didn't stop for the concert at all. Of course I knew you must have taken the brooch, and with i your usual carelessness-" I "O Aunt Abbie, I'll nevei, never be careless again !" cried Becky, laughing and crying | together, as she rushed to her aunt and threw her arms about her. " This has been a lesson to me." " It ought to be, goodness knows," eaid Miss Abbie. " And, Becky, I'll tell you what I'll do." " What ?" asked Becky, eagerly, wiping away her tears. " If this should really prove to be a lesson to you, if you never are careless again, I'll leave you this brooch in my will. You don't deserve it, but I'll do it." 