TALES AND SKETCHES. THE PENHVC0MEQUIGX5. BY S. BARING-GOULD, Author op' " JiIeii.vt.ah," " CounT Rdyal," "John Herring, " "Tub Gaverockl," &e.; All Right.-: Reserved. Chatter XXV.— Without Bells. VirgiliuH, Bialiop of Salsburg, in the eighth century, condemned the erroneous doctrine hold by Homo that we have antipodes. It was, no doubt, true that men in tho middle ages had not their antipodes, but it is certainly otherwise now. Whero our fathers' heads wore, there now . arc our feet, Everything is the reverse in this generation of what it was in tho last. Medicine condemns those things which medicine did en- join, and enjoins those thing which were for- hidden. What our parents revered that wo turn into burlesque, and what they cast aside as worthless that we collect and treasure. Maxims that moulded the conduct iu the last generation ?i mplcd underfoot m this, and principles thought unmutablo aro broken by the succeed- "JK age, as royal seals aro broken on tho doatli orthe sovereign. . If we wcro bred up by our lathers in high Toryism, when of age" we turn a somersault and pose as Bocial democrats ; if we 'owned tho 'gospel atour mother's knee, we pro- fess Buddhism with the sprouting of our whiskers. Tlie social and moral harriers set up by our fathers wo throw down, and just as pigs when driven in one direction turn felioir snouts tlie other way, sodov/c — .10 do our children ; which is an evidence in favor of D.irwinianiam, showing that tho porcine character still in heres. . It was regarded of old as a canon by romance writers, that the final chapter of tho last volume, be it thcscveilth, as ill the days of Richardson, or the third as in these of Mndie and Smith, should c:ul with tlie marriage of the heroine. A cruel arid wayward fate hold the couple apart through the entire story, but they came together in the end. And there was a reason for this. Marriage is the climax of the romanco of life. It concludes one epoch and opens another, and that which it opens is prosaic. It was con cluded, and concluded with some show of reason, that a romance should deal with the romantic period of life and finish when that reaches its apogee. " The Parliament of Love at Toulouse in the twelfth century laid down that love and mar riage were mutually exclusive tonus ; that romance died to the sound of wedding hells, or at longest lingered to the expiration of the honeymoon. This law lias governed novelists ever since. The ingenuity of the anthor lias consisted in devising impediments to the union of the lovers, and in knocking them out of their way.as the story nexred its conclusion. But in this revolutionary ago wc have- dis carded the rule ; and, carried away by the in novating stream, the author of this told has vcriturcd'to displaco the marriage. Had he lioen completely lost to reverence for tho ancient canons', in his desiro to ho original, ho would have opened his' novel with a wedding proces sion, strutting to the carriages over strewn flowers, .holding bouquets, with the pealing of wedding' bells, whilst the bridegroom s mail cir culates, tipping tho parson, tho curate, the pew- opener, the sexton, the clerk, the bellringers, and all the other sharks that congregate about a bridegroom, as tho fish congregate about a ship on board of which is a corpse. But, as the author is still held in check by old rule, or pre judice, and yet yields somewhat to the modern spirit of relaxation, he compromises between the extromc.s, and introduces the marriage in the middle of his bale. In a novel, a marriage is always built up of much romantic and picturesque ami floral ad junct. It is supposed necessarily to involve choral liymns, white favors, bridal veils, orange blossoms, tears in tho bride, flaming checks in the bridegroom, speeches at the breakfast, an old slipper and a shower ot rice. AVithout these condiments a wedding is a very insipid dish. But hero wc are forced to innovate. The inarrlage of Philip Pennycomeqnick and Salome Ouswarth was hurried on ; there was no necessity for delay, and it was performed in a maiinor so prosaic as to void it of every feature of romance and refinement. In the parish church there was morning prayer every day at 9, and this service Salome frequently attended. On one morning — as it happened, a grey one, with' a spitting sky — Philip also attended matins, from tlie wicked man" to final "Amen." AVhen, however, the service was concluded — a service attendod by five Sisters of Mercy and throe devout ladies— the vicar, instead of leaving the dosk, coughed, blow his noso, and glowered down the church. Then the clerk began to fumble among some books, the five Sisters of Mercy perked up, the devout ladies, who had moved from their seats towards the church door, were seized with a suspicion that something unusual was abeut to bake place,' and hastily returned to their places. The Bisters of Mercy had with them ono peni tent, whom with sugar plums they were alluring into the paths of virtue. ' It at once occurred to those religious women that to witness a wedding would havc'an eloyatiug, healthy effect on their penitent, and they resolved to stay — for her sake, for her sake only ; they, for their parts, being raised above all mundane interests. Also, the servants of the vicarage, which adjoined the the 'churchyard, by some means" got wind of what was about to occur, and slipped ulsters ovcr'tlicir light cotton gowns, and tucked their caps under pork pie liats, and tumbled into church breathing heavily. Then Philip trying to look as if nothing was abent to happen, came out of his pew, nnd in doing so stumbled over n hassock, knocked down his umbrella which lcanodagainst the pew, and sent some hymnals and church services about the floor. Then he walked up tlie chnreli, and was joined by Salome and her sister and mother. No psalm was sung, no " voice breathed o'er Eden," hut the Sisters of Mercy intoned the responses with vociferous ardor, and the penitent took tlie liveliest interest in the ceremonial, expressing her interest in giggles and suppressed "Oh, my's !" -Finally,- after "amazement," the parson, clerk,' brido nnd bridegroom, and witnosscs adjourned to tho V03try, where the vioar made his customary joke about the lady signing her snrnamo for the last time. The bellringers know nothing about the wed ding, nnd having boon unforewarnod were not present to ring a peel. No carriage with white favors to horses nnd driver was at the door of the church— na oab was kept at Mergntroyd— uo rice was thrown, no slipper cast. Tho little party walked quietly and unobserved back to their house under umbrellas, and on rcaohing home partook of a breakfast that con sisted of fried fish, bacon, eggs, toast, butter anil liomo made marmalnde. No guests wcro pro- Bent, no speeches were made, no hoalths drunk. There was to be no wedding tour. Philip could not leave tho mill, and tho honeymoon must be passed in tho smoky atmosphere of Morgatroyd, and without tho intermission of the daily routino of work. As Philip walked homo with Salome under the same umbrella, from the points of which the discolored water dropped, he said in a low tone to her, " I have, as yon desired, offered your mother to manage her affairs for her. Sho has accepted my offer, and I have looked through her accounts. She has very little monoy." " I do not suppose sho can havo much ; my poor father died before he was in a position to save any considerable sum." "She has about £503 in Indian railway bonds, and a couplo of hundred in a South American loan, and somo £300 in homo railways— about £1500 to £1603 in all— that is to Bay sho had this a little while ago." " And has it still, no doubt." "No ; you yourself told mo she had met with losses." " She informed me that sho had, but I cannot understand how this can havo boon. I doubt entirely that she mot with losses." " But she allowed 111c to seo licr book, and sho has sold out some stock— in fact between £200 and £300 worth. Sho did that almost immedi ately after my uncle's death." " But sho has tho monoy realised, I sup pose." "Not at all. It is gone." "Gone!" " She cannot and will not account for it to me, except by the vague explanation that she had a sudden anil unexpected call upon licr wliicli she was forced to meet." " But— she said nothing about this to mo. It is very odd." "It is, as you say, odd. It is, of course, pos-tiklo that Janet may have had something to do witli it, but I cannot say ; your mother will not enlighten inc." "I cannot understand this," said Salome musingly. " I regret my offer," said Philip, " X would not havo made it if I had not thought I should he mot with candour, and given tlie information I desired." AVhen Mrs. Sirlebottom hoard that the mar riage had actually taken place, then her moral sense reared like a cob unaccustomed to the curb. "It is a scandal!'' she exclaimed, "and so shortly after my sweet brother's death. A bag- man's daughter, too 1" "Uncle Jeremiah died in November," said the captain. " AVell, and this is March. To marry a b,v»- man's daughter in March ! It is a scandal, an outrage on the family." " My uncle wonld have had no objections, I suppose. Philip is as good as Mr. Bayncs." "As good ! How yon talk, Lamb, as if all tho brains in your skull had gone to water. Philip is a Pennycomeqnick, and Bayncs is— of course, a Baylies." "AViiatof that?" " Mr. Bayncs was a manufacturer." "So is Philip." "AVell, ye3; for his sins. Bnt then lie is allied to us who have dropped an 11, and capi talised Q, and adopted and inserted a hyphen. Mr. Bayncs was not in tlie faintest degree re lated to us. Philip has behaved with gross in decency. A bagman's daughter, within five months of his unclo's death ! Monstrous. If she had been his social equal we could have waived tho month— but a bagman's daughter ! I feel as if allied to blackbcctlcs." "Her father was about to be taken into partnership when he died," argued the cap tain. ' If ho had been a partner, thai wonld have been another matter, and I should not ii.avc been so paiucd and mortified ; but ho was not, and a riian takc3 liis position by the place lie occupied when lie died, not by that which lie might liavc occupied had lie lived. AA'hy, if Sidebottom had lived and been elected Mayor of Northingliam in the year of the Prince's visit lie might have been knighted, but that does not make me Lady Sidebottom. " "Yon call him a bagman," said Captain Lambert, " But I should say ho was a commer cial traveller." " And how does that mend matters? Do seven syllables make a difference ? A dress improver is 110 other than a bustle, and an influenza than a cold in the head." " All I know is," said tho captain, " that his daughters are deuced pretty girls, and as good a pair of ladies as you will meet anywhere. I've known some of your grand ladies say awfully stupid things, and I can't imagine Janet doing that ; and somo do rather mean things, nnd Salome could not by any chance do what was unkind or ungenerous. I've a deuce of a mind to propose to Janet, as I have been chiselled out of my one hundred and fifty." " Chiselled out!" "Ye3, outof my annuity. If the will had been valid I should have had that of my own ; but now I have nothing, and am forced to go to you for every penny to buy tobacco. It is dis- disgusting.; I'll marry Janet. I am glad she is a widow and available. Sho has £150 per an num of her own, and is certainly left something handsome by Bayncs." " Fiddlesticks !" exclaimed Mrs. Sidebottom. " I will, indocd, unless I am more liberally treated. I hate to be dependent on yon for everything. I wish ' I hail served a « treat again it your getting administration of the pro perty, and done somethiug to get the old will to rights." Mrs Sidebottom. turned green with anger and alarm. . " I will go to Philip's wedding breakfast, or dinner, or dance, or whatever lie is going to have, and snatch a kiss from little Janet, pull licr be hind tlio window curtains aud propose for her £150, 1 will." Lambert's mother was very angry, but she said no more. She knew the character of her son; he wonld not bestir himself to do what he threatened. His bark was worse than his bite. He fumed and then turned cold. Bat Philip gave no entertainment on his wed ding day, invitod 110 one to his house; consc- Suontly Lambert had not the opportunity he C3ired for pulling Janet behind the window curtains, snatching a kiss and proposing for her £150. " I shall refuse to know them," said; Mrs. Sidebottom. " And return to York ?" asked her son. " I can't leave at once," answered his mother. " I have the honso on my hands. . Be sides, I mast have an eye on the factory. Lamb, it yon had any spirit in you- you would learn bookkeeping, so as to be able to control the ac counts. I do not trust Philip ; how can I when he marries a bagman's daughter? It is a proof of dcficicnoy in common sense, and a lack of sense of rectitude. AYhowas Salome's mother ? AVc do not know her maiden name. Thescsort of poople are-like diatoms that fill the air, and no one" can tell' whence tlioy came and what they are. They aro everywhere abeut us and all equally insignificant." Mr3. Sidebottom had bnt tho cars of licr son into which to pour her discontent, for sho had no acquaintances in Morgatroyd. On coming there she had been met by the manufacturers' wives in a cordial spirit. Her brother was highly respected, and they hastened to call on her and express their readiness to do licr any kindness she might need as a stranger in tho town. Sho would Imvc been received into the society there— a genial one— had she been inclinod. Bnt sho was supercilious. Sho al lowed tho ladies of Morgatroyd to understand that sho belonged to another and a higher order of beings, and tliat tho days in which the gods and goddesses came down from Olympus to hold converse with menwere over. The consequence was that she was left to hcr- solf, and now she grumbled at the dulncss of a place which was only dull to her heoauso of her own want of tact. No more kindly, friondly people are to bo found in .Eng land than the North Country manufacturers, bnt the qualities of frankness and directness; which are conspicuous in them, wore precisely those qualities which Mrs. Sidebottom was in capable of appreciating — wore qualities which to her mind savored of barbarism. And yet Mrs. Sidebottom belonged, neither by birth nor by marriage nor by acceptance, to a superior class.' She was the daughter of a manufacturer, and the widow of a small country attorney. As the paralytic in the sliccp-markct waited for an angel to put him into the pool so did Mrs. Sidebottom spend licr time anil exhaust her powors in vain endeavors to get dipped in the cleansing basin of county society, in which sho might be purged of the taint of trade. And, like the paralytic of the story, she had to wait, and was disappointed annually, and had the mortification of teeing somo neighbor or acquaintance stop past licr and enter the desired circle, whilst she was making ready and heating about for an introducer. She attended concerts, public balls, went to missionary meetings ; she joined working parties for charitable objects, took stalls at bazaars, hoping by these means to get within the vortex of the fashionable world and bo drawn in, but was always disap;>ointed. Round every eddy may he seen stick and straws that spiuontbeirownaxos; tbey make dashes inwaiils, and arc repelled, never succeeding in bciiig caught by the coil of the whirlpool. So was she ever hovering on tho outskirts of the aristocratic ring, evor aiming to picrcc it, and always missing licr object. A poom by Iionrick, written at the coronation of George III., represents thatcelebratcd beauty and toast, the Countess of Coventry, recently deceased, applying to Pluto for permission to return to earth and mingle in tho entertain ments of tlio Coronation. Pluto gives his con sent; she may go— but as a ghost, remain unseen. Then says the Countess A Dg for fine sights, if unseen one's fine face, AVhat signifies seeing, if oneself is not seen ? So Sirs. Sidebottom found that it was very little pleasure to her to hover about genteel society and see into it, without herself being seen in it. Her descent to Mcrgatroyd was in part duo to a rebuff she had met with at York; quite as much as to her desiro to conciliate licr half-brother. She trusted that when slio returned to York she would he so much richer than before that this would afford her1 the requisite momentum which might impel her within the magic circle, within which, when once rotating, she would he safe, confident of being able to maintain her place. " My dear Lamb," said she, "I may inform you, in the strictest confidence, that I see my way to becoming wealthy, really wealthy. There is a speculation on foot, of which I have received information through iny York agent, to buy up land and build a great health resort near Brid lington, to be called Iodinopolis or Ycoville, the name is not quite fixed. No one is to know any thing about it but a few who toko preference shares. I am most anxious to realise soriie of the securities tliat came to me through my. darling, brother's death, so as to invest. Tho manager is called Beaple Yeo." "Never heard of him." . . "And the chairman is tho Earl of Schoficld. Mr. Beaple Yoo and the Earl together guarantee 17 per cent. — think of that, Lamb!— on their own guarantee 1— an Earl, too, — and tho Funds are only 3 or 3j !" Chapter XXVI.— Hymen. Atwelveinonthslipped away easily, happily ; to none more so than to Philip l'cnnycomcquick. To the Fates, how strange must seem the icadiness with which women plnrige into matrimony, and tho shyness with which some men look at it ; for matrimony is emphatically an institution designed for the comfort of man irrespective of the interests of the woman. The married man ceases to have care about his meals, they come to him ; he gives no thought to his servants, they arc managed for him ; ho is not troubled about his clothing, it now hangs together, whereas formerly it fell to pieces. " AA'licn the married man prepares to shave, the soaii dish is full, his tidy is clean, his razors iu order; the bachelor finds all in confusion. Before marriage, he who had a cook was served with Indian-rubber; after it, lie gets his meat succulent and well cooked. Before marriage tlie linen went to the wash and only half returned, silk handkerchiefs returned as cotton, stockings came odd, jerseys in holes, sheets in rags, and shirt fronts enamelled with iron mould ; after marriage everything returns in good condition aud in proper number. But to tlio women matrimony is by no means a relief from cares. On the contrary, the woman passes through tho ring- into an arena of battle. AYe arc told by anthropologists tliat in the primitive condition of society a sub division of tasks took place ; one sot of men un dertook to till - the earth and manage the domestic animals, whilst another, girded on their arms and defended the infant community. These latter, for their services, wore fed by the tillers, housed and clothed with food they had not grown, houses they had not built, clothing they had not woven. Tlio same sub division of labor continues still in the family whore the man is the tiller and toiler, and the woman is tlio military clement She marches round the confines of his house, fights daily battles with those foes of domestic felicity — the servants. AVhen they oversleep themselves sho routs tlicm out of their beds ; when tlioy noglcct the dusting, she flies in pursuit to bring them to their duties ; when tliey nio impudent, she drives them out of tlie house. AA'ith what unflagging zeal docs she maintain lior daily conflicts. How she cuunterminos, discovers ambushes, circumvents, throws open the gates, and charges the foe ! Now consider what was the life of the girl before sho married. She had no worries, no warfare ; she was petted, admired ; siie enjoyed herself,' indulged her caprices unrestrained, gave way to licr humors unrebuked. Her bonnets, her drosses wore given to licr, slio had no care what she might cat, any more than the lilies of tho field, only, unlike - thorn, devoting herself to tho thoughts of her clothing, for which, however, she hail not to pay. Unmarried girls wero anciently termed, spinsters, and are so derisively still in the banns, for they formerly span the linen for their future homes; now they toil not, neither do tlicy spin. Then comes marriage, nnd all - is changed. They enter into a world of discords and </««- ;/i'JmJii!j. They havo to grow long nails and sharpen thoir teeth ; they have to haggle with shopkeepers, fight their servants ; whereas the husbands, those sluggard kings of creation, smack thoir lips over their dinners and lounge in their easy chairs, and talk politics with their friends, and smile, and smile, nnconcious of tiic struggles aud passions that rage down- stairs. .... The eyes that, 111 the girl, looked at tho boantios of creation in tho married woman soarch out delinquencies in thoir domestics and defects in tlio household furniture. The eyes that looked for violots now peer for cobwebs! that lingered lovingly on the sunset glow, now examine the coal hill ; and the - ear- that listed to tho song of Philomel is now on the alert for n mate voice in tho kitchen. The nose thnt of old inhaled tho- perfume of the rose now pokes into pots and pans in quest of dripping. From what lias been said above, tho reader may conclude that tho position of the wife, though a belligerent one, 13 at all events regal. Sho is queen of tlio house, and if shehns troublo with her servants, it is ns a sovereign who has to resist" revolutionary movements among lior subjects. . No moro mistaken idea can well bo enter tained. As the Pope writes himself, "Servant of the servants of Heaven," so docs the lady of the houso subscribe herself servant of the ser vants of the establishment. If she searches into their shortcomings, remonstrates and resents them, it is as the subject criticising, murmuring nt, and revolting personally against the tyranny of bcr oppressors. So far from being the lieod of tlio house she is the door mat, trampled on, kicked, set at nought, obliged to swallow all tbc dirt that is brought into the house. Marriage has produced a change ill rhilip. It lias made liim less stony, angular, formal. Slatrimony often has a remarkable effect 011 those who enter into it, reducing there peculiari ties, softening their harshnesses, and accentu ating thoso'points of similarity which arc to be found in tlie two brought into close association, so tliat in course of time a singular rcscmblanco in character and features is observable in married folk, hi an old couple their is to bo sccu occasionally a iikoucss, as that cl a brother and sister. This is earned by their being exposed to the .same caresses and the same stroke i of fortune; they arc weathered by the same breezes, moistened by the same rains! In addition to the exterior forces moulding a couple, comcstlie reciprocal action ot the inner powers— their passions, prejudices— so that tlicy recoil 011 each other. Tlicy conic to think alike, to fool alike, as well as to look alike. The 'man unconsciously loses some of his lutgtjcdncss, and tlio woman acquires somo of- liis breadth and stronetli. Tlioy become in somo measure reflectors to each other, the light 011c catches is cast 011 and brightens the other, and tliey mirror whatever passes along tlio faco of the other. The subtle, mysterious modelling process bad begun 011 Philip, although but recently married. Janet was no longer in tlio house ; she had re turned to France,- and as licr constitution was delicate had followed advice, and gone to tlio 'south for the winter. Mrs: Sidebottom and the captain had shaken off tlio' drist from their feet against Morgatroyd, and lmd returned to their favorite city, York, where tliey resumed tlie interrupted gyrations about the hirlpoo! of fashionable life, and Mrs. Sidebottom mode her usual rushes, still ineffectual, at its centre. Consequently, Philip was left to the undis turbed influence of Salome, and this influcnco affected him more than lie was conscious of, and would have allowed was possible. lie was- very happy, hut he was not the man to confess it, least' of all to his wife. As a Canadian Indian deems it derogatory to his dignity to express- surpriso at any wonder of civilisation shown him, so did Philip consider tliat it. com ported with lus dignity to accept all tlie. com- forts, the case, the love that surrromidod liim as though familiar with thorn from the beginning. Englishmen who havo been exposed to tropic suns in Africa have their faces shrivelled and lined. AVhen they return to England in the soft, humid atmosphere the flesh expands, and drinks in moisture at every pore. The lines fade out, and the flesh becomes plump. So did the sweet, soothing influence of Salome, equable as it was gentle, fill, relax, refresh the spirit of l'lii."J -, and restore to liim some of the lost buoyancy or youth. Salome was admirably calculated to render him happy, and Philip was not aware of the .rare good fortune which liiul given him a wife who had tlio self restraint- to keep her crosses to herself. That is not tlie way with all wives. Many a wife makes a beast of burden of lior husband, lading liim witli crosses, heaping on his shoulders not only her own, great or small, but also all those of licr re latives, friends and acquaintances. Such a wife cracks a whip behind licr good man; d.ivcs liim through the town, stopping at every house, and calling, "Any old crosses! Old crosses ! Old crosses ! Chuck them on, his hack is broad to bear thorn !"— precisely as tho scavenger jjoes through tlie streets with his carl and binder's it with the refuse of every house. Many a wife tokos a pride in thus breaking the back and gal ling tho sides, and knocking together tho knees of her husband with tlie crosses sho piles on liis shoulders. As wc walk through the wilderness of life, burrs adhere to tho coat of Darby and to tlio skirts of Joan. AVhy should notcacli carry his "or lierown burrs, if they refused to be picked olT and thrown away? AVIiy should Joan collect all hers and poke them down the neck of Daiby, and expect him to work them down liis back from the nape to the heel ? Little thought had Philip how.uiipcrccived and by stealth, Salome sought the burrs that adhered to him, removed them and thrust tliom' into Iier.own bosom, bearing them there with a smiling faco, and leaving hiin unconscious that he hail been delivered from any, and that they were fretting her. . AYe men arc sadly regardless of tlio thousand little acts of forethought that lighten and case our course. ' AVe give no thanks; wo are. not even aware of what lias boon done for us. Never theless our wives do not go unrewarded, though nntlianked for what they have done or botne; their gentle attentions have served -to- give us a polish and a beauty we had not'betore we caoio into their tender hands. , " ' A bright face mat Philip when he returned from tho factory every day. If Salome saw tliat lie was downcast, sho exerted herself to chccr liim ; if that lie was cheerful, she was careful not to discourage liim. Always neat in person, fresh ill faco, and pleasant in .humor, keeping out of Philip's way whatever might annoy liim, she made him as happy as ho could well be. . Pofcctly happy Philip could not be, because unable to shake ofT the sense of insecurity tliat attended his change of fortune. Constitu tionally suspicious, habituated to the . shade, lio was dazzled and frightened wlieii exposed to tho light. ' The access of good luck had been too sudden and too great, for him to trust its permanency: The fish that lias had its'. jaws transfixed with broken hooks mistrusts the worm that floats down the stream ririattacliod to a line. The expectation of disappointment had been bred 111 him by painful and repeated ex perience, and had cngcndcreda sullen predetermi nation to mistrnstttoodFortmio.Hctegardcdher as a treacherous goddess, and when she smiled, lie was sure that sho meditated "a stab with a hidden dagger. - Such as are born in tho lap of fortuno, frorn which they have never boon given a . fall, or whore tliey have never boon dosed witli quassia through a drenching spoon, such persons look on life with equanimity. Nothing would sur priso thorn more than a reverse." Bnt'with tho Htcpsons of fortune, the Cinderollas in tlie great household of humanity, who have encountered heart- break after heart-break, it is otherwise. AVhen fortune comes thoir way olferirig gifts, they mistrust tlicm as the gifts of tlio Danai. ' . It is with them as with him who is haunted. Ho knows that tlio spectre lurks at hand, and when ho is about to close liis eyes, will start iqi and scare liim ; when lie is merry will riso ubovo the table and echo liis laugh with a jeer. So do those who have been unlucky fear ever lest mis fortune should spring ontiicm from same unfore seen quarter, at somo unprepared moment. 'flic dread lost there should be a revulsion in his affairs never wholly left Philip, and took the edge oil' his happiness. He had found little dillicuity in acquiring the requisite understand ing of the business, and obtaining a firm hold over tlie conduct of the factory. There was no prospect of decline in tho trade. Since tiro conclusion ot' tlie European war, it had bscomo brisk. Peace bail created a demand for figures! damasks. He had no reason to diead the cessation of orders, a slackness in the trade. 