Adventure Tvitji a Ghost. Whon 1 was a lad of 17,1 was office boy for Pinkertoa's agency, and wa3 jus.t wild, of course, to bo sent out on a case. EVcry time the captain got a new job I would slide up to him and say, " Cap'n, you'd better let mo go out an tlmt,"and lie would answer with a quizzical grin, "Not this time, Harry; wait till the next case." Along in December of that year tliero-was a great riish of business at our office. had 15. detectives, all old experienced hands, and, they were on the jump night and day. - We could not handle the business that was condng hi; and the captain was wishing wo, had some lhore men.' I remember as well as can be,, sitting in my cliair by the door; and the captain calling out' in fun from his private office, " I guess we'll havo to let you take the next case, Harry." • ' Hardly had lie said the words, when a door opened, and a raw old countryman entered; Ho proved to be Joe Baylis,' a Montgomery county justice of the peace, and he wanted tho captain to send a man'down with him to attend to a ghost who rras cutting didos at Fort Washington. The captain told him ho would send a man as I soon as he had one at his disposal. The old j fellow left, and I jumped to my feet "Captain," I said,"send me on the case." The captain leaned back in his chair and looked at me"hard..-, "See here, Harry," he said, " suppose I were to send you, what would you doi"' , "l I outlined a very elaborate campaign against the ghost -He let me-finish and then said, "You'd make a confounded ass of yourself, now, wouldn't you? You'd make us tho laughing stock of the town: Now listen. In the first place, always bear in mind there is no such thing as a ghost If I send you to Fort Washington, go there with that idea in your head. There is no such thing as a ghost If you , see the ghost aud get near enough, jump for it - Don't be afraid, it won't hurt von, just jump for it It will turn out to be a iiuman being—no doubt of. that. Now, IH let you go and try your hand. If you see the ghost and think you can't handle it, lie low and follow it, and see who it is." , The captain gave me money and away I went. I felt pretty brave, for it was broad daylight then, but there were times when I wished myself well out of the thing. ; I got to Fort Washington about 3 o'clock, aud inquired the way to the haunted house from the station ngeut. I found it on a hill about half a mile from the town, and looked it over with interest and apprehension. It was an old white frame mansion standing in park-like grounds, with plenty of outhouses about it. borne countrymen whom I met told me that tho ghost was in tho habit of standing on top of the broad stone wall that skirted tho roadway. There was an onthonso so situated that anyone concealed in it could overlook tho whole stretch of wall from end to end, and I made up my mind that this was tho placo for mo to get into, before the ghost made its appearance. Then I went back to the hotel, took my supper, and chatted with the waiters and a few loungers about tho ghost. I learned that it first appeared about three weeks before my arrival. . A man named M'Tanish, an ignorant farm hand, was the first person to encounter it He was coming to the town one night from the grist mill v.-ith a sack of meal on nis back", and paused for a moment in front of the old house to set the bag down on a stump and rest his shoulder.. He heard a noise behind him, and turning round saw standing on the wall a figure he afterwards said was 13 feet high at least. He did not stop to observe the figure very carefully, though, but ran as hard as he knew how down the road. Next night a party of men saw tho ghost, and they also ran. They said tho ghost made after them breathing fire and brimstone, and acting in a i>eculiarly weird and unholy mauuer. After that the house was avoided at night, but several strong' parties of men, in eluding the select men of the town, saw tho ghost irotn a respectable distance. It approached them in each ease, and hi each cast tliey took" to their heels. After dusk I stole down to the deserted house, and it was dark when I got there. I slid along ' the wall to the outhouse, crept cautiously in, ' and shut the door again. Hardly had I shut tho door, M'hen I knew there was somo other porson in that outhouse. I felt sure tluro was somebody close to my elbow. ] War, trembling liko a leaf, but I managed to null a match from my pocket and strike it. I held it up. It showed uie a big white muffled figure not two feet away. Then the match went out. Was I scared ? Well, now, I should say so. There are somo people who laugh at the idea of a man's hair standing on end. They say it is a physical iin imssibility, but I know better. I could feel mv hair rise right up and lift my hat, aud iny flesh crept. But I had no timo to think. I jumped. I had to jump. I shut my eyes and grabbed for the ghost. I was so frightened I seemed to lose consciousness for a moment, but grabbed some thing and held on. When the first shock jrissed, I felt tho ghobt tugging and pulling to gut au-ay from me. It seemed us badly frightened as I was. and its hands were soft and warm. " Don't hurt me," it raid, in a terrified voice. I had no voice to reply with. I was choking, but I pulled my captive out on the laWn and looked at it in the moonlight. Tho sheet that had been muffled about the figure fell to the ground—a pretty girl of 15 was disclosed. I was ill a cold inspiration, and shaking ah if recovering from a shock of electricity, hut when I saw that I had caught a real genuine flesh and-blood girl; and no ghost, I liegaii to feel lietter, and presently was able to talk. " Who are yoii ? " I asked. "Jennie Baylis." " What 1 Tho daughter p/ Jpo Bayjis ?!' " Yes, sir." The gplbegan to cry. She eaid slip had not meant auy harm. She and her sister had played ghost mat to have some fup. Her sister was usually with her, h«lnot c°mo tlus night as she too busy, She had heard from Her rather that a detective WftS paming to catch the ghost, hut thought hq was not due (or a day or two. and resolved to make one last appearance and thpn givo up (ho performance, till things calmed down. , •'Who are you? she asked. " I'm tho detective," I said. She looked mo over w evident awe and con sternation, tinged with aornp surprise on account ""$hat are you going to do with me?" - " I shall have to expose yep." The girl, cried again and hogged to bo released and allowed to go home, but that did not suit mo at all. " I said she was-my prisoner,'andas such I must deliver her up to the authorities, and aftor a good deal of waiting, she suggested I had better give her up to her own father. I agreed to that, and picking up the sheet, I held her arm and took her with me to her father's liouso, about a milo. distant. <■ "Don't you know you might have been killed by some of those peoplo you frightened J" I asked. . "No; sir, I nover thought of that. Everybody who saw me ran away." . When we got to tho farmhouse where Jennio lived it was half-past-9 . o'clock. '.Everybody was iit bed. and the lights-ivoro all out, but I boldly.knocitod at tho door.. A window opened, . and n man's voice said :—< - ""Who's tliero?" . "Me." "Who'smc?" 1-" -" The detective." • \ . '.'.You'rerather late.' Why did:you not wait till to-morrow ? Better come around and see wo in the morning.", "I want to soo you now.- I have the ghost." At this the window was closed with a bang, and I heard hurried steps on tho stair. Tils door opened, and old Baylis stood in the door* way. He was draped in a very long old-fashioned white gown, and' wore a tall steeple-shaped nightcap. One hand held up a tin candlestick, and tho other shaded the light. A circle of beard sweeping under his chin from ear to ear modo him look very comical. He looked at me in astonishment, and when ho saw his daughter and the sheet, I thought he would go into con vulsions. "You, Jennie? "he asked at length. "Yes, father," said Jennie very numbly. Old Baylis sighed and said, " Come in. He sent for the neighbours immediately. I do not know what was said at their meeting, for I. was hot admitted to it, but old Baylis gave me a letter to the captain and packed mo off on the midnight train. Next morning I reached the office early and found all the* men present, waiting for the captain to detail tncm. The men grinned at me and passed the time of day pleasantly enough. They all knew where I had been and antici pated a wonderful tale of disaster and defeat, which they were ready to laugh at, although I was a favourite with them, having done many a piece of cxtraxvork for every man there. "I thought I sent you to Eort Washington, Harry ?" said tho captain. "Yes, sir." - " Made an ass of yourself, I suppose? " " There's a letter, sir." While tliq captain read the letter the "men guyedme. . " Thi3 iB a very nice lotter, Harry," said: the cajitain. "Boys, tho youngster captured-the ghost." _ , ; .Y' "Did hii? " said the men. "Yes, he did. Tho boy is a credit to us," and then the captain read the letter to tho select men out loud. At every sentence X grew a foot. - ' "Well, how did you do it? " several inquired. I told tho story, and you may be sure .1: did not refrain from giving myself plenty of credit. » My tale was very highly coloured. When it was concluded Long Jim Langdon drawled out: , "Harry, tell tho honest truth. Were you frightened when that match went out ?. - " No, of course not!1 said L But I was frightened two years later, when I asked.- the ghost to murrv me. and thought she was going to say no. However, she did not. -Engliehxaper. 