HAUNTED HIM AS A SPECTRE. A DEATH WHICH BECALLS THE STORY OF THROCKMORTON'S GHOST. The death of young; Maurice B. Throckmorton, killed at Birmingham, Ala., in December last while entreating the mob not to attack the jail, recalls a story as strange as anything in fiction—a story as full of dramatic scenes and incidents as anything that was ever produced upon the ;e and which has been four times brought by a tragedy to the memory of those who disliked most to hear it. It was nearly 40 years ago that Major John Throckmorton, son of Aris Throckmorton and uncle of the young man killed at Birmingham, was one of the leaders in the brilliant society of the old South. Ha was rich, witty, handsome. He was the finest type of the Southern gentleman, impulsive, generous; kind of heart and open of hand. He was connected by blood and marriage with every prominent Southern family from New Orleans to Louisville, and when he came back from college to live among his people the fairest prospect was poured out before him. He went in to enjoy life, and as he had ample means and was a welcome guest wherever he chose to go, time slipped by pleasantly enough. Just when pretty Ellen Godwin came into his life no one ever knew. In all the fierce light that afterwards beat upon them, their earlier intimacy seemed for ever buried in mystery, and both carried the secret to their graves. Ellen Godwin lived near Louisville, and was remarkable for her beauty and the gentleness of her disposition. She was well connected and had a small fortune in her own name. Friends of Throckmorton saw them together for a time, and then suddenly their intimacy was discontinued. Throckmorton left Louisville on a pleasure trip and did not return for several months. One stormy, blustering night in January, when the snow was beating against the window panes and the people were hurrying into blazing fires, Thockmorton returned to Louisville and went direct to the Gault House, a hotel owned by his father. When he entered his room he happened to glance across the street. He saw a woman standing motionless against a gas lamp directly opposite. She was dressed in black, and although he could not see th e face he recognised the outlines of he mmm figure. She stood tbertf ao silent and spectre-like that he became fascinated and watched her for hours. That was the first night that " Thockmorton's Ghost was 6een. . i * It was the beginning of what was to last without interruption for twenty years. The dark shadow that he saw from his hotel that flight was to follow him all over the wo'ld; it was to be with him in the blaze of noon and in the darkest night; he was to see it in every capital in Europe; it was to be close behind him in his most eecret moments; it was to mingle with his own shadow so that in a delirium of terror he would wonder if his mind were not deserting him, and if both shadows were not one and the same. It wfls in vain that he tried to put oceans between him and his awful, phantom-like pursuer • in vain that every resource of money was tried) from that first stormy January night John Throckihorton was never for one moment alone. It was wonderful how she appeared to know of his movements. If he would suddenly decide to go to a party she would be standing on the opposite side of the street when he got out of his carriage. If he remained in his hotel for days, and if theD, in the dead of night, he slipped out by a side entrance, ahe would be close behind him. iter appearance on the streets became so common in Louisville that people merely glanced at her carelessly as she flitted by. As the years passed her very name was forgotten, and she Vas only known as " Throckmorton's Ghost." Sometimes, when she would be waiting for him, children would gither about her, and often boys would hoot and taunt her; but Bhe never complained, and no man ever heard the sound of her voice. The weather never appeared to inconvenience her. She often would 6tand for hours in the midst of driving rain or hail, without shelter of any kind, apparently oblivious of everything save the man she was following. She always wore the same heavy black dress, with a black hat, and a thick, black veil, which concealed her face. At first Throckmorton attempted to laugh the matter off. The woman was a crack-brained creature, who would grow tired after a time, be said. He could keep it np if she could. If it amused her he didn't object. Thus he reasoned at first, but soon became restive, and then it grew to be a deadly offence to mention the subject in his presence. At last he determined to go abroad. He made all bis arrangements with the utmost secrecy, not even telling his most intimate Mends, and did not reBt until he had put the Atlantic between him and what had grown to be a horrible nightmare. He went straight to London, and the first person he saw when he got off the train was Ellen Godwin. He fled to Paris, and he thought he would lose her in the whirl of a winter in Parisian society. In a month he gave up in despair. She followed him to clubs and receptions and opera parties. Wherever he was, day or night, he could never look behind him without seeing her. He tried all the large cities of the Continent without avail, and at last returned to Louisville and again took up the old life. He used to complain that he was chained to a corpse ; that his life was blasted, and that no man ever before endured such a persecution. No woman would suffer his attentions, and he soon gave up all idea of marriage. He grew more and more moody, and at last he determined to rid himself of his tormentor by violence. The scene resulting from this determination, as it was afterwards told in court, was most dramatic. One night about 12 o'clock, as Throckmorton was walking home through a lonely street, he glanced over his shoulder and saw his "ghost" a few yards behind suddenly following him. He waited in a dark alley antil she came up and then he sud denly sprang out on her. He snatched her veil from her face and dragged her by the throat to the nearest lamp-post. " Why do you follow me ?" he asked, his voice trembling with passion. She made no reply, and clutching her more firmly by the throat he drew a dagger. She made no attempt to resist him, and just as the dagger was about to be plunged into her breast 6he cried out, half choked and every instant expecting death : "Kill me, John, but kiss me first." Throckmorton threw the digger away, pushed the woman aside and fled before he would be tempted again. At length Throckmorton could stand it no longer, and Ellen Godwin was arrested at his instance and tried for lunacy. The old Coort-hou?e in Louisville, where Henry Clay and the Crittendons had many a hard fought battle in days long gone by, was packed as it never wag before or since. The most emiaent legal talent was amployed, and the evidence was of the most sensational character. EUen Godwin was pu£ on the stand and was given a most severe cfoss-examiuation. Her answers were clear and intelligent, and after hours of closest questioning, Ibe opposing lawyers were forced to admit that tbey could make nothing of her. Poems written by her, essays and articles on various subjects, were read to the jury, and at last her lawyer, young Ely Parsons, arose to defend her. He was a man of commanding presence, s trained elocutionist and a rarely gifted orator. For four hours be kept the audience entranced. He told, in all its dramatic details, the story of Ellen Godwin. He went over the scene of the midnight meeting and argued that the woman had simply been wronged and was seeking justice. He pointed to her wan, haggard face, her delicate frame, and contrasted the wreck that stood before them with the beautiful, gentle, tender girl John Throckmorton had first met. His peroration was a master-piece, and when he sat down, the jury, without rising from their seats, found her sane. Then the lawyer and client were borne away by shouting thousands, and such scenes were enacted as were never witnessed in that sombre old court-room. A few months later Parsons was elected to Congress because of the speech. From the day of her acquittal E len Godwin never again followed Throckmorton. He left the city and died a few years afterwards, alone, on his plantation in Mississippi, fir from friends and relatives. After his death Ellen Godwin grew weaker and weaker. The strength which had borne ber through all the yeais of her unexampled pursuit gave way. She wrote a lull history of her life, for which a Chicago publishing house had offered her 10,0001ol. She refused the offer, saying the book should be buried with her. One day she went to Cave Hill Cemetery, one of the most beautiful burying grounds in the world, just outside Louisville, and told her sister, who had followed her through all the dreary years with a perfect devotion, that in one particular Bpot she wished to be buried, dressed a" b bride* with the book containing all her trials and wrongs upon her breast. A week afterwards she was laid to rest there, and a little marble slab at the head of the grave is all that tells the story of her most eventful life. 