TOONGABBIE ELECTIONS. t (To the Editor of the Farmerf Journal.) d Sir,—There — Ellwood at it again ! surely my ghost must haunt his chambers. Well, Mend, so you feel assured the discussion must soon close. What discussion ? surely you don't seriously say that you have entered into a discussion,—I did hear a gentleman say he had read a few feeble arguments about annexatien. I am glad to hear that you are thankful for the compliment I paid you. Gratitude is a groat virtue, and it was given in good faith, although 1 much regret it was not couched in the terms you desired. Never mind, my dear fellow, 111 put iu the next Farmer's Journal to your heart's desire. Fcr instance, how would this meet with your approbation—My friend Ellwood is the greatest living authority upon municipal matters ; bis master intellect solved the great problem of local government in a moment with his annexation principle, although for the last 20 years all the great presidents and councillors, of the district, with their united intelligence, have failed. After such an announcement, ratepayers could hardly fall into the error of believing you where entirely ignorant of municipal matters. Friend Ellwood intends adopting a different mode of procedure when he contests the vacant "seat for our riding. Doubtless it will be a grand innovation upon the old time honored requisition. There is abundant time, contest the seat, show us how youH do it. But really, Mr. Ellwood, did I put the cart before the horse ! well, now, who'd have thought it. But then I am not a recent importation to the district, we are more accustomed to putting bullocks in ou 1 - carts. I am quite content to come out first, it matters little whether head, heels, or tail first. No doubt, Mr. Ellwoed, your best efforts were designed to place me last ! I am quite prepared to accept the ruling of the majority, and Mr. Ellwood will havê to also. However, shall bid adieu to Mr. Ellwood, and allow him to have the old lady's privilege of the last-word in your next issue. It J is certainly to be regretted that my dull comprehension did not sooner recognize Mr. EUwood's annexation principle, municipal ambition, unien theory, journalistic ability, and other combined excellences. For still the wonder is, and still the wonder grows, how one small head so much of knowledge knows. Again, Mr. Editor I must apologise for'trespass ing upon your valuable columns. Yours, &c.;, W. H. GOODWIN. 