REMARKABLE ADVENTURE OF THE LATE EARLOF SEAFIELD. (SCOTSMraN.) The late Earl of Seafield had a career seldom found outside of romance. Scotland may well drop a tear with the thousands of New Zealand who lately gatheredin the ' Whito City by the Sea," to pay last honours to one of her noblest sons, who had a heart above all his solf inflicted misfortunes, and under the hardest conditions made good asupreme title to sterling worth. Upwards of twenty years ago, when he was a strong-boned lad of eighteen, he had in the West Indies a remarkable misadventure. H6 was then a midshipman on board the Challenger, under Captain Gordon. Permitted to go on onore at Janaica, lIý and another found the air of the ilue Mountains so pleasant and exhilara ting that they unpardonably exceeded their leave, and found on return to the ships their names struck olf the books, and their effects sold to the highest bidder among the crew. Grant was sent home in the Buzzard, which on its way touched at Barbaldoes, and here, being a free possenger, he lef the protec lion of friends, and with a few shillings in Ili pocket, and totally inexperienced in any wayof providing tlh means of livelihood for the day, he plnnged into the dark chances of an over-peopled land, too advanced in civili sation to takoeotice of the needs of a stranger. Finding no rest in busy Barbadoes, he sailed westward in a drogher to one of those lovely Grenadines which, as emeralds, rising out of the soft blue Caribbean Sea, more than rival the far- famed isles of Greece. Here, at- Cariacou, the Scottish medical man, Dr. Lang, kindly gave him quarters; but here began his troubles, which caused no small stir and talk in the colony, and form a most interesting illus tration of the great -wrong that may come out of too ready a trust hi untested circum stantial evidence. While Grant wis being hospitably entertained by the few families in Cariacou, Commander Franklin, of the Con stance, sent word to the authorities in Grenada that his body servant had run off with money and dressing-case, and was believed to have gone to that outlying island and dependency. As the stipendiary magistratoe and hied of the police, Mr. Horne, was reading the missive, a constable happened to come in from Cariacou, whoe was aoked whether aiiy stranger or white sailoastlhere at thattime. The answer wasthat there wasonegiving himselfout as anavaloticer. .Things fitting so neatly,- HonIo at once jumped to thesconiclusion that this must be Commander Franklin's runaway , servant.. and nothing could rid the worthy and kind- hearted man of his error until events covered him with- con fusion. At once lie issued an order to bring him to St. George's, the chief town and seat of Government. His host, Dr. Lang, impressed that he was no impostor, resisted the execution of the warrant, and was subsequently reprimanded by the Governor for so doing, while his neighbour, a major of volunteers, was unimnerved arid horrified by the thought that he hlad enter tained at lunchleo such a waif of the sea as Commander Franklin's run - away servant. Surely the ghost of -the grieved Major-Milne will be now doubly appeased on finding tlhat he had at yams and whale steaks not merely the eldestson of HIonourable James Grantof Grant, but an embryo Earl of Scafield 'and British Peer. After some incidents by the way which did not disabuse the constable of the idea of his prisoner's . guilt, Francis Grant was brought to town, and was. next found in the guard- room of. Fort George, then -used as a police station.. deftly brushing. his boots on his. feet, and- clothed n. a well worn brown shooting. suit. To a' ymipa thising fellow-countryman heo protested that he was the victim- of a mistake, and in corroboration showed photographs of his father and'stepmother :and other members of his family; but as the theory-was that the runaway as reported was -very cunning and plausible, it.was.conceived possible that he might have become possessed of these likenesses in the capacity of .a servant, . so that the more poor Grait said in .vindication of himself .. theo more . were thoseo nost fivourablo to him constrained simply to hold their judgment in suspense. Brought before the magistrates and some members of coimcil, who happened to-be present; Grant, in al self-possessed and dignified way, asked him to read the description -which Com mander Franklin gavoe..of his servant, and compare it with the person and features of him self, the prisoner at the bar. ' Look at myoyes," said Grant;- "and see-if -there be any re semblance.' But so poseseed -was the magistrate by his first illusion, - and so pleased was he with the idea.of being able to serve the commnander, that he .abruptly terminated the proceedings. ' "It's no use going into those things, my man,?' said he, "I-can bring a washerwoman, who is able to prove that you brought Commander Frank in's dirty clothes to her whe.his.ship was here six weeks ago." " Forthwith. Mr. Grant was taken to the common prison at the foot of Fort George to wait the arrival of the first ship of war. There he lay within 150 yards of that Careriage .which Mr. Froude has . lately described m all ?its picturesque beauty and tropical influences as giving him a sensation of paradise. Certainly Mr. Grant's experiences were of another- kind. The sweetest odour that rcached him was that. of chloride of lime- strewed in thO -corts of . the - prison and .intensified "in .its pungency by the torrid heat. For ' a companion through - the ' day he had a coolie waiting his -.trial for murder and a-' flipper-fin limbed negro;, a notorious thief, who could 'not go onurwith.the penal .gang. After three weeks the Admiralty surroying ship 'Gannet - tipiped -into the; harbour to. coal. Captain. Chimmo, well- known -of Othe Glago6w Gaiter' Club, belig conmunicated with, sent a sub-lieutenant and - quartermaster. 'ashoro. to- --bring- the prisoneron board; butwhat was the surprise of the sub-lieutenant (Sullivan) and his henchman when they found:in.g hmu a friend with whom they had both formerly served.. .How- delighted were =theey both: to be the means of his liberation! His first impulse on a?inmng freedom:,was to go and. express thanks to the only one who had:sympathised with.-him.in his troubles, and next to invest his last half-crown in a horsewhip for thq magistrnte: add all 'his other -police torment tors, but on being persuaded by the-Scottish .moointer '((now 'off Si.'- AI)drew's --Ch hrih Alloa) that all these functionaries were heartily grieved by what had happened, and would be almost ready ,to nndergo aobhrsewhippingif this would be any satisfaction for an- outrage :dnaascidoof the oblst of the?ritiish..aristo racy, he generously forgave them, and for three months, during which ha lived min Iho Scottfsh manse, he saw them with equanimity. -every . . . . . . 