OUR STORY. GEORGE. THREE o'clock on a December after noon, The gas flared in the Waterloo Station. Not that it was any darker at three than it had been at two, or any darker than at noon, for there had been fog all day—heavy, impenetrable, yellow. An express train was on the point of starting, and a young man stood at the door of the compartment In which he had already chosen his seat. He was waiting till the last moment, as young men will wait. Shadowy ghosts moved to and fro in the fog. A great-coated pater-familias loomed through it ogrewise, gesticulating vehemently to his women kind, who flut tered hither and thither like large bats. Ghostly doors stood open, and shadows flitted in and out of ghostly carriages. Every now and then a phantom truck rushed by and scattered other phantoms. Ereiywhere confusion, fog—when sud denly, within the radius of a flaring gas light, opposite to which our young tra veller was standing, behold a vision! A beautiful girl, her two eager hands out stretched towards him, her face bright with a look of recognition, raised to his. " George ! and I never even knew you were come ' home—never knew you had left Canada.' You are going down to Cragthorpe, of course? What fun we will have ! I suppose grandmamma meant it for a surprise. Put, there ! Let go my hands—we shall lose the train. Mamma will think I am lost in the fog." The little hands fluttered like captive birds in his grasp, released themselves, and the vision vanished. One of the shadowy carriages engulphed it, for the doors were being shut now by a phantom form ; which, as it drew near the flaring gas and came within its influence, took the likeness of a human railway guard. " Now then, sir; time's up." Our hero entered his compartment, the whistle sounded, th3 train steamed out of the station. But as it did so, far from making himself comfortable after the man ner of travellers in general, be left the crimson rug still unfolded on the empty seat opposite him, left the pages of Punch uncut, allowed the Saturday Review to lie neglected at the bottom of the car riage^ where it had fallen, and sat upright, staring out into the yellow fog and pulling his moustache, until in his perplexity he exclaimed aloud: " But who is * George ?' " For he was not George himself—that! was certain. In fact he was Philip—Philip Leigh, a young barrister not altogether briefless ; although a long and toilsome road, with many hills to climb, lay between him and fortune. About the said hills Philip had hitherto troubled himself little, such gen tle acclivities as he had yet met with hav ing served, rather pleasantly than other wise, to vary the dead level of his ordinary pursuit—a systematic chase after pleasure. But no man can court a sterner mistress than the law. No coquette herself, she never forgives trifling in her votaries, and was even now sensibly with drawing from Philip the few smiles with which she had hitherto encouraged him. He was just beginning to be aware that it; was not possible to combine the merry, careless life he was leading with any hopes he might entertain of success iu his pro fession. The object of his present jour ney was to pay a long-deferred visit to the home of one of his greatest allies. It so ; happened that, intimate as he was with Archie Thorpe himself, this was Philip's first expedition into Muddyshire. He had uever met either Sir Luke or his wife. Still, Cragthorpe had been bo often de scribed to him, that it puzzled him to | imagine who " grandmamma" could be, for there was no such person jn his friend's family. " Mistaken identity, of course," mut tered Philip to himself. " How pleased she was to see me—him I mean." And then the idea occured that " George" might possibly be in waiting to receive this bewitching little fog-fairy at Crag thorpe. " I shouldn't mind if she mis took me for him again—plenty of oppor tunities in a country house—rather nice if she were not to know us apart." Yet, on the whole, he felt he should 1 prefer it, if George were discovered to be still in Canada, or gone to Jamaica—no matter where, only the further off the | better. On reaching the station at which he was to alight, Philip looked out for bis fellow-travellers ; but by that time it was dark, and while he was finding his port manteau,^ foetman had handed the ladies into the family coach—looking in the gloom mournfully like the family hearse— and the tall chestnut horses had ambled off with it, into the Muddyshire lanes. Philip followed 'in a fly. He speculated upon his chances of overtaking and pass ing the hearse, or of arriving with it simultaneously at their joint place of destination ; but while he speculated, fate decided against either alternative. With a sudden lurch, the vehicle he occupied j subsided into the mud ; and, owing to j the delay necessary for the repair of da- j mages, by the time he arrived at Crag- 1 thorpe, all outside the house was dark j and silent. | Philip found Lady Thorpe'in a small ante-room. She was in consultation with her housekeeper ; and, probably owing to the delay occasioned by the break down, seemed to have forgotten that another guest was expected. Turning hastily as he was shown in, she, too, exclaimed, as Letty had done— "George!" Correcting herself imme diately, however. " What nonsense ! Mr. Leigh, of course—but really the likeness is very striking. You have been mistaken for Captain Bolland once before to-day, 1 believe. We are delighted you have found your way to Cragthorpe at laBt. I hope you don't need to be told how welcome any friend of Archie's is to Archie's mother." " George is Captain Bolland, then," thought Philip, suppressing with difficulty | the inclination to ask, " and who is grandmamma ?" " I won't make a stranger of you," con tinued Lady Thorpe. " Give yourself the trouble to go through that door ; you will find Archie in the library and he will pre sent you to Sir Luke." Philip went through the door indicated, stumbled over something round and black I which rolled away uttering discordant yells, and a tall, spare lady rushed acrosB j and fell on her knees before him. j "My love! my darling angel! my | sweet little dear!" Looking down at her, amazed, Philip was relieved to find it was not hunself, but the snarling lap-dog he had trodden on which was thus addressed. The large library was full of people. Philip's first indistinct impression was that it was full of tea. There were women in bonnets sitting here and there, and tea- cups every where. Archie came forward to welcome his friend and introduce him to his father. Sir Luke stood on the hearth-rug talk (ing politics with a bald-headed old gentle 1 man. " Glad to see yon, Mr. Leigh, j Better late than never. Hope you'll make i yourself at home. Eh ! what ? Fly broke down coiping from the station ? Now, I've warned that fellow Jobson twenty times that I'd withdrawn my cus tom if be would persist in keeping such rattletraps of " " But, Sir Luke," put in he of the bald head, " if Bismarck " i " Don't tell me !" exclaimed Sir Luke, wheeling ronnd upon him ; and they went hard at it again. | From the position near the fire Philip! commanded the whole room. There was | not a face that did not undergo a rigid scrutiny from the demure eyes so well under control that they appeared merely to bestow a passing glance upon the as sembled company. But the object of his search most certainly was not present, and he deferred an appeal to Archie until he should be alone with him. The op- [ portunity came at dressing time, when young Thorpe was himself Philip's guide to the apartment assigned to him. " It must have been little Letty Fair fax," said Archie. " She and her mother j arrived an hour before you did. I can't say I ever noticed the likeness myself, but it is no bad compliment I assure you old fellow, to be taken for George Bolland." " What is he ? A relation, I suppose. Miss Fairfax seemed tolerably intimate with him." " He is a native of these parts, Muddyshire man ; so, for that matter, is Betty—or a Muddyshire woman you know, it's all the same. George was a , distant far-away nephew of Letty's father, and it is so happened that all the estates went to him when Mr. Fairfax died with out a son. George and Miss Fairfax were a great deal together—brother and sister after a fashion. But he's been in Canada these two years now.' " And, grandmamma ?" asked Philip. " Oh, that's how we come to see bo much of them. Old Mrs. Middleton is a very old friend of my mother's family, and a good deal here, off and on ; and of course we have the others to meet her." " She dosen't live with her daughter then? Philip found Archie somewhat vague in his explanations. " What daughter ? Never had one. Had no child but this girl's father. She was twice married you know—it's from old Middleton she got all her money ; bnt he died in the year one, before her boy had left school. Oh, I see now! It's Mrs. Fairfax you mean. She is only i Letty's step-mother; and a fineAife grand-1 mamma has always led her with regard to anything that In any way concerns Letty." Fate sent Philip in to dinner with Miss Manvers, the lady of the lap-dog. Mrs. Fairfax occupied the seat on the other side of him, and her daughter was oppo-1 site. Miss Lettice flushed rosy red when ; she first met his eye, and her mother j laughingly spoke. "My daughter tells me she mistook you this afternoon for a vety old frieud, Mr. Leigh. She must have taken you rather by surprise." " It was the fog," said Letty, leaning ' across the table aud speaking very dis- ! tinctly. " You are not in the least like ] George. I can't think how I made so ab surd a mistake. It was the fog and the gas, and the confusion altogether." Philip ventured to remark that Lady Thorpe also had been struck by his re semblance to Captain Bolland. " Then it was because I had put it into her head ; she must have been thinking of him," said Letly quickly ; and immedia tely transferred her undivided attention to ( a straw-colonred moustache that had taken her in lu dinner. Such portion of Philip's attention as he could conscientiously divert from Miss Manvers was bestowed upon his other neighbour. He and Mrs. Fairfax were mutually pleased with each other. To wards the end of diuner, a harsh voice, which he had from time to time heard proceeding from his side of the table, was ! | raised above the general hum of conversa-' j tion to address Letty. , j " Did you bring the silk, child ? Forgot it, of course." " No, indeed, grandmamma, I did not forget it; and I never made such a bar-; gain before " " Bargain ! then it will be simply worth less. I beg you will not even show it me. Why on earth could you not go to a de cent show and pay a decent price ? Have you never been taught that cheap things are the dearest in the end?" and the speaker leant forward to cast a reproving glance at Letty's step-mother, by which means Philip caught sight of "grand mamma." Mrs. Middleton was a keen-eyed, wi thered, worldly - looking old woman. Philip's spirits sank at the sight of her. ' He fancied himself in the presence of his j evil genius. (To be continued in our next issue.) 