BEBMQMS, ETC. Joy Unspeakable and Full of Glory. [Bit Eev. Geobge_ O. G-rubv, Cahie.] Tho following address was delivered at tho recent Mildmay Conference : — My subject to-night is in 1 Peter i., S : 'Joy unspeakable and full of glory.' As I pronounce these words, whoro are your hearts P ' In Hoaven, of courso,' you say; 'where else should they be when we speak or joy unspeakable and full of glory P' But allow me to tell you gently that the Holy Ghost applies those words to the life of believers on earth. ' Well,' you say, 'perhaps there woro believers in tho Apostolic days that rejoiced with joy unspeakable and full of glory ; but certainly now they seem to have become an almost extinct class.' Thank God, apostolic Christians are not dead ; and, if they be dead, I believe in the God that raiseth the dead. Let us pray to the Lord God, the Holy Ghost, to-night that He may come in the plentitude of His all conquering power, so that the very stones hero shall cry out !. He can take away the stoney heart out of us, and give us a heart of flesh, so that we shall prolong His praises : With harp and with organ and voice, ? The loud hallelujahs prolong. Oh, may the stones cry out this night 1 Is it indeed true that some of you Save written ' Ichabod ' over your life P ' Icha bod ' is written in big, black letters over many a Christian's life. The glory is de partod from Israel because the ark of God is taken by tho Philistines — the ark of God has gone into oaptivity. The ark was the place where God chose to mani fest His presence ; and so long as that place is in captivity to the Philistines, so long ' Ichabod ' must remain written over your temple doors ; so long no Shekinah will shed its gentle radiance within the temple or around it. O God, show us how to get rid of ' Ichabod ' to-night ! What is your arkP Your ark is your heart, that has been made for the in dwelling presence of God. Tho heart must bo redeemed from captivity before the glory of God can visit it. WHAT HINDEBsP Now, we ^ust be very plaiu to-night as to how this glory is to be received, as to what it is that hinders the glory, and what are the conditions of its reception. We can understand nothing of tho coming glory until the glory of the Lord Jesus is a definite reality within our own hearts down horo. Therefore, I do not think I am out of order in impressing upon each one of you to seek to know what the apostle, by the Holy Ghost, meant when he said, ' We rejoice with joy unspeak _T.1_ Jl i- ll _l. „! ? , u- 1 ? aoie ana iuu 01 giory. am uas come into the world, and when sin came the glory left our earth. Now the glory has gone back to Heaven, and we only catch glimpses of Christ when the heavens are open to our gaze. Ezekiel said, ' The heavens wore opened, and I saw visions of God,1 and the closing verse of the chapter tells us ' this was the likeness of tho appearance of the glory of the Lord, and when I saw it I fell upon my face.' Thus it was with Nathanael. 'Jesus saith unto him, Verily, verily, I say unto you, henceforth ye shall soo Heaven opened and 'the angels of God ascending and descending upon the Son of Man.' WHAT ABE THE CONDITIONS of the reception of this glory? Before Heaven can be opened to your gazo you must comply with certain conditions. I snm them up in one word — you must be a Nathanael. It was to Nathanael that Jesus gave this promise. What do I mean by being a Nathanael ? Firstly, I mean that you must be a secret seeker after God: 'Before that Philip called thee, when thou wast under tho fig tree, I saw thee.' Has God ever seen you under a fig tree P Have you ever sought the knowledge of God in the loneliness of your own room, or your own heart ? or are you only a public sooker aftor God, with your Bible, your hymn-book, your note-book, and pencil ? How many notes in your note-book are burned by tho Holy Ghost into your heart? O God, make us private, lonely seekers after Thee. May we each one of us find out a fig tree, and pour out our souls to God alone. Is your soul athirst for God— for the living God? 'Oh, I must get a blessing ; I cannot do without a blessing. Oh! bless me to-night.' AN ISRAELITE INDEED. A Nathanael means, secondly, that you must be an Israelite indeed. What is an Israelite indeed P An Israelite indeed is a man who conquers God by clinging faith. ' O God, Thou hast brought pain into my very inmost being.' Jacob could well say, ' Thou hast touched the hollow of my thigh, and all my bones are out of joint. I will cling to Thee in the strength of weakness ; I will cling to Thee in the awful power of destitution. Q my God, I cling to Thee ; Thou must bless me, oven me also. I will not lot Thee go ex cept Thou bless mo.' That is aa Israelite, indeed — ono who has power with God and with man. But a Nathanael also means that you have a guileless, spirit: 'Behold an. Israelite indeed, in whom there is no guile.' You say, ' I do not think anyono can reach that state down hero on1 earth ;? that draws very near sinless perfection.* Does it P I do not think so. 'Behold an Israelite indeed, in whom there is no guile.' f Jesus has said it, and Jesus never tolls lies. O soul !? have you a guileless spirit P Have you an honest and good heart ? Has yoiir heart been cleansed from inward corruption in order that you may deal honestly and faithfully with the Word of God P For unless tho message of God falls into a heart1 pro pared by the Holy Ghost, it remains fruitipss. A Nathanaol ! Thou shalt sco the heavens opened. Well, what will happon when Heaven does open P Let me bo very plain about that. In Matt iii. wo read: 'And Jesus camo up out of tho water, and the heavens wore opened, and tho Spirit in the form of a dove descended upon Him. And, lo, a voico from Heaven saying, This is My beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased.' Jesus was perfectly born of tho Holy Ghost — sin- lossly born ; yet Ho needed to bo endued with power from on high before Ho enterod on those three and a-half years of wondrous service which have astonished le world nni\ f.lin nfnirnTi n-nA will nn_ tonish us throughout eternity. How much more do we, then, need to got a definite baptism of the Holy Ghost before wo presume to say a word in tho name of' our Lord and Saviour Josus Christ ? Oh, that onr lips might become silent ; oh, that our churches might have no services in them, until ministers were baptised with tho Lord God, the Holy Ghost I Then there would be such a flame, then there would bo such an excitement, that crowds would come together when tho tongue of fire was seen upon the disciples of Christ. The thing would soon get noised abroad. THE DOVE-IIEE SPIEIT. What are the marks of tho reception of the baptism of the Holy Ghost P Tho first is the reception of tho dove-like spirit. Somo professing Christians are like wolves, tearing one another to pieces ; others are liko boars, always growling ; others have the canning of the fox in them ; others aro like tho chameleon, thoy change their spiritual color according ? to tho company they find themselves in. When the Holy Ghost is received in powers, then the wolf-like spirit, tho bear-like spirit, tho fox-like spirit, and tho chameleon-like spirit pass out of tho man or woman, and the spirit o£ the holy dove takes their place. The guileless ness of Jesus — that holy trustfulness that cannot think a bad thought of a brother — the charity that thinketh no evil. May God give ns the dove-like spirit. But with the dove-like spirit we need the fire. Jesus did not need to bo bap tised with fire, but we do. Jesus had nothing for the fire to burn up. He had no dross to be thoroughly purged away ; we have plenty of it. So wo need not only the dove-liko spirit, but the fire to cleanse, to purge, to consume, to destroy. I do not think you can attribute less than that to the world ' fire.' Most Christians have never got tho fire. The rest of faith is good, so far as it goes, but God has more for you than the rest of faith. The rest of faith is the preparation for the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Then comes the intensity — for I believe the Holy Ghost uses tho word fire to denote in tensity — intense earnestness, intense love, intense passion for souls. Aff.RT t.Tlfi Vifl.-nt.isTn fcTlprA nmnAa flnTnA— thing else. 'Immediately the Spirit driveth Jesus into the wilderness to bo temxited o£ the devil.' You will have ? fiercer temptations after you receive tho power of the Holy Ghost than you over had in all your life before. But with this glorious difference — you will be uni formly victorious. Tictory is yours be cause you use the sword of the Spirit, which is bright and keen, sharper than any two-edged sword. With that alone you defeat Satan, and not with ecstatic experiences. Satan does not care one brass farthing for the experiences of any one of us. You can only defeat Satan. with the sword of the Spirit. ' It is. written ' — whether you feel the thing or do not feel it. Stephen's glimpse op oloby. t But I go a step further : Heaven is again opening to my gaze, not this- time on Josus, but on a suffering saint, a saint who is standing alone in the magnificently furnished council chamber — the council' chamber of the high priest of Israel. He is surrounded by the scribes and elders, of the people, by the synagogues of the Cyrenians and the Alexandrians. But why have these learned, logical mea this angry look ? Why the gloom and scowl of hell on their faces while this saint before them has the smile of an angeL upon hisP What has made the differ ence ? It is the last words which Stephen, has just uttered : ' Ye uncircumcisod in- heart and ears, ye do always resist tho Holy G-host ; as your fathers did, so. do ye.' Then Stephen, 'being full of the Holy G-host, looked up steadfastly into Heavon, and saw the glory of God, and1 Jesus standing on the right hand of God, and said, '|Behold I see the heavens opened, and the Son of Man standing on. the right hand of God.' What a vision this is ! How few. of us have seen the vision of Jesus standing at the right hand of God ! Why ? BecauBO we are too respectable to go in. for tho stones. It scorns te be fashionable in theso day to go and win souls where you. do not come in for showers of stones. — But what does the Holy Ghost say? — that Peter on the day o5 Pentecost was filled with the Holy Ghost, and thero weie granted unto him three thousand souls. Stephen was filled with tho Holy Ghost, and there wero granted unto him throe thousand stones ! God will give you1 ono day a shower of stones and another day a shower ot souls. Which ever way it is, go in for, the glory -of God,, ?Go in for the glory, and then lot the glory bring.oither souls or stones. 'j, THE COJIIMO KINO.; There, is. ono more vision that comes Tjoforoiiny; mind, and this time Heaven does-, not open Josus as tho Man of Sorrpws,;nor does Heaven open upon a suffering and persecuted saint pelted with stones, but Heaven opens upon a vic torious King with his Army. 'I saw Heayen jopenod, and behold a white horso,1. Heaven opens, lastly, to give us ? a placfe withipur glorified Head. If we suffer,, with Him down here, wo shall be glorified together. Are you longing for the time when Heaven shall open, and when you shall bo caught up to meet your Lord in 'the air P . I will remember the time in my own life wlien the coming of the: Lord Jesus became a definite 'reality to my soul. Never, iip to that moment was I willing to separate myself from the world and its pleasures ;, but,. once I realised that Josus might.r come at any moment, all was changed. . ' O Lord, I must be as busy as possible for Thee ; I think it would bo better to visit that drunken man than to go to this tennis party. It would bo bettor to go and confer with that other man about his soul than spend my time at that band, though I like music very much.' Let tho coming of tho Lord be a reality to-night. Ho shall come 'to bo glorified in His saints, and to be admired in all them that believe.1 THE STONE OF UNBELIEF. What are tho hindrances to your en joying ;the glory? There, may be many, but I shall only mention two. I hope I am not censorious in saying this, but I feel sure that there are a great many in the .Oonferance to-night who know not what it means to ' rojoice with joy un-, speakable and full of glory.' Then, what are tho hindrances P Why is it that the glory is hidden from our gaze P Because of two things — because of a stono and because of a nest. What do I mean by that P In John xi. Josus says, ' Take ye away that stone.' It is the crcat heavy stono of unbelief that is crushing down the glory. O soul, when wilt thou believe thy Saviour P You say to Jesus, ' Lord, I /»milrl nnh Tinni* fn con tvitt Tirnflm,* CiTi ! ho is so foul and corrupt, let him alone. I could not bear to look upon the corrupt corpse of the brother I once loved. Do not let them take away the stone.' May God rebuke us to-night for our unbelief. May the sword of tho Spirit slay the giant— the giant unbelief within us this night. ' Thou shalt see the glory of God.' But there is something else that pre vents you from seeing tho glory of God. It is' a hindrance that is mentioned in Duet, xxxii,, 11-12 : ' As an eagle stirreth up her nest, fluttereth over her young spreadeth abroad her wings, taketh them, beareth them on her wings ; so the Lord alone did lead him, and there was no strange god with him.' The hindrance of an undisturbed nest— THE NEST OF SELF-COMPIACENCY. That is the reason why so many come to conferences, but go away without a blessing.. They do not want to have thoir nosts stirred up by Lord God the Holy Ghost. Thoy have made a nice downy nest for themselves.' It is well furnished, and they are comfortable at homo. They do not want to hear the voieo ot tho liord saying, Who will go for usoven to tho uttermost parts of the earth ?' Tour nest is too comfortable in England to allow God to disturb it, and so you will remain without the glory until you dio. What a wonderful possibility thiB Terse opens to us. Tell me, ye in this Conference, who limit the power of the Holy Ono of Isreal — toll me, how high can God soar? After God has taken you on His wings, how high can He fly up P 1 He is the Lord God Almighty, and Ho wants to take tho young eaglets upod His great wing. You. foolish little eaglet, your .wings will get tired after a few yards ; hut God wants to take you on. His big, .broad wings, and to sail up to glory with you, even while you are dowa here. How high, I repeat, can God soar P Reposing calmly in my downy nest, T hnd ff\vnr\t:t.l*Tt aOT-f.h ia nnf. mw voaf ? Until, disturbed, I saw a gracious hind Point upward to a brighter, happier land. He stirred my nest ; then, fluttering o'er my head I saw His radiant wings benignly spread, To bear mo up from earthly scenes on high, To purer regions and a cloudless sky. My broken nest forsaken — on those wings Upborne— my spirit mounts, and sweetly eings I Victorious over all her foes she soars, And glorious, untold realms of light ex plores ! Oh.now a wide expanse, boundless, sublime, Stretches before my sight ; aad earth and time Seem but a point, a, bubble on the stream, While on my soul eternal glories beam ! O'erwhelmed with wondering joy, and filled with praise. I now exult in graceful, ceaseless lays To Him whose love amazing stooped to me, And stirred my nest, and set my spirit free. The writer of these lines understood what it was to ' rejoice with joy unspeak able and full of glory.' I have now Drought you up to glory. Jflease stay there. Do not come down again. Remain there by faith. God bless you, dear souls. Amen. 