THE JEALOUS WIFE. [BY JAMES McGOVAN.] I had just turned into the Fishmarket Close from the Cowgate one dark night about the end of the year to go up to the Central when some light footsteps which had been sounding bthind me suddenly quickened, and before I could start round a Bet of thin fingers were clenched into my arm like claw? or steel hooks. I looked round and saw that the owner of the claws was a woman, and quietly dusted the lingers away. She was not a woman of the clan I had expected. She was dressed in a very lady-like style and won kid gloves. So far aB I could make out in the dark close at one glance ehe was also tall, good-looking, and not old. Yet she had an "ugly" look about the face, and more especially about the eyee—the uglinees of high-strung excitement. Some of the excitement had run tingling along her arm and caused her to give me that claw like hookicg with more strength than she had intended, tor, aa I suggestively rubbed the place from which I had gently dusted her fingers, she apologised hastily, and then added— "I want you!" I stared enquiringly, bat said nothing. " I saw yon in Howie's public-house," she continued, ''and a boy at the door told me jou are McGovan, the detective." " Well, and what do yon want with me ?" I asked, because I could not conceive what euch a person could want near a public-house like Howie's or with a detective afterwards, and I quickly added— " Have you been robbed !" The question agitated her powerfully ; her two bands were clenched as if about to be thrown out at me, but instead they were drawn con vulsively back against her own bosom, aa she exclaimed in low, deadly tones — " Yep, yes! I have been robbed." "Just now?" " No, for Eix months, for nearly a year, per haps longer." *• You mean that the robberies have gone on all that time?" I began to think the woman mad and that I had better humor her. There was certainly a wild aid frenzied look about the eyes—a look known to me only too well as an indication of that state in which a woman will utter the wildest untruths and firmly believe them to be true, "Hadnt you better come up to the office with me and have your case properly take a down ?" I considerately suggested. " Will anyone hear what we say here ?" We were right under the high wall and grated windows of the lock np cells. "I think not-unless you have any one in there mote interested in your misfortunes than in their own." " Then I won't go into the Police Office. I .have never been in such a place in my life and never will. I have been acting as my own de tective—trust a woman's ability for that." I doubted it, for a woman's'cunmng is gene rally of the kind which overleaps itself and falls on the other side, but I politely remained tiknt: "And I have only come to you to get you to finish the work," she added. " Ob, indeed." I knew what that meant— that the whole of the work was yet to do—so I looked neither happy nor elated. " What nave you been robbed of ?" I asked, seeing that she did nothing but glare at me tragically daring the pause which followed. " Of my hucband," ehe shrieked with a sud denness which made me jump almo?t a foot high off the pavement. •" Of your husband ?" and I whistled aloud. "Oh, is that all?' "All!" and she made a dutch at my arm, whian, warned by experience, I nimbly evaded. "All? yes, it's all; my all—my everything. When a wife is robbed of her husband what has she lett 2—nothing. Her whole life is empty." true," I gravely answered, "and I wish three million wives who nave not been robbed could bear you preach that out." " And what punishment is too great for the robber V she added, in a tone evidently me nded for the ears of those on the " top flat" of the lock up. " A little lower, please—l am not deaf," I politely observed. "I would have punished her myself," she added in a cold hiss whic*? almost froze the point off my nose, " for I felt strong enough to have killed her the other night; but I knew that would do me no good and never care him, for I'd be cent to prison, and they'd be left outride and have it all their own way. The only cure is to get her out of the way." " Ob, of course; so ifs a woman V I had expected it to be men—some of my bairns— from tbe fact that I bad just been after some of them at Howie's public-house." "A woman! dont call her that; she's a— — ob, I can't say the word. But I've seen them together, and I've seen her go into his office, and have watched there for hours before she came out again. His orbce is quite a small place and he keeps only one clerk —sometimes none." " What is your husband's name and what does he do X' " He's a lawyer and his name is Kellaway." " Kellaway ? I don't know any such ua:ne among the lawyers." "He was only a lawyer's clerk at one tiae, but he set op business foe himself." "Do you mean Albert Kellftway, the in enrasce agent?' 1 " That is his name, and he does act also as an insurance agent." The man was not a lawyer at all; but had frequently appeared ac an unqualified agent in gdice eases which no lawyer cared to touch, c was a dry, withered-looking man, with a face indicative of care and concern more than any passion, and wa« certainly thejaat I should have expected to bother himself trotting at any woman's heels. " Is he not kind toyou?" I asked, after a pause. "Of course be is; but bis kindness just freezes the blood in my veins," " Oh!" I could not say more, but I thought of how many poor wives would have been glad to have their blood frozen in that way. "About a year ago he changed, and I soon caw that all bis love was gone," she tragically continued. "He hardly ever spoke to me: be was always sitting thinking; and I had the greatest difficulty in getting money from him.*' " A good many wives suffer in that way," I meditatively observed. " I know he was not doing well in his busi ness, but, if «o, be could have told me all about it and got me to help him out of the difficulty; bat to go and confide in another woman, and fall in love with her, and keep going about with her—that's what bas crashed me!" and ehe tried to clench me op the arm, but again missed. " Well, your best remedy would be to have a divorce. Any lawyer will arrange that for you." " But I don't want a divorce; I want to win back my husband—not to lose him forever —to punish this woman, not reward her." " Oh, well; could you not go and scratch her face, or tear her bonnet?—she'd feel that more than the tearing of her skin," I sug gested ; " and you're a tall woman; you'd have a good chance." "She's tall too," modestly returned the jealous wife; " and, besides, Ido not wish to soil my fingers with such a creature. I followed her to her home one night after I had seen her with my husband, and, from some enquiries which I made afterwards, I find it is a perfect den of thieves." "Oho!" I exclaimed, for the first time really serious. "Now I begin to understand jou." I asked her to describe the piace, when sh9 at once named a stair on the South-bridge Inading down to Niddry-street, and the exact door on that stair which I had seen and entered often enough. It professed to bs a lodging-house, and bad not even the excuse for that name which many houses have. It was exactly what tbe excited woman before me had said —" a den of thieves." ''We were pinched enough for money before he got acquainted with this wretch," continued the jealous wife, " but now he has plenty of mosey, and wonders that I do cot ask him for more. I can't take it; I shudder over every shilling—for I can never know but it is Btained with some crime of that thief." " What is her name f' " I don't know, and have no means of disco vering, but she is tall and always wears a brown merino dress with flounces, a black plaid, and a brown silk bonnet with ? flashy feather. I don't think she can be pretty or she would not wear such a thick veQ; but perhaps that's to prevent any one from seeing her features and recognising them again." " Veiy likely. How did your husband get acquainted with her ?" " Oh, I suppose in the usual way—she must bave come to his office to get him to defend Eome of her friends—her husband probably— and then made up her mind to add another dastardly robbery to the list of her crimes— the robbery of my husband, the only man I ever loved." A sudden thought struck me. " And yon think your hueband gets money and assistance from this woman ?" "I am certain of it." "Will you let me see some of your money ?" The woman stared at me haughtily and en quiringly. " I shan't ran away with it, I assure you," I smilingly continued. " £ just want to see it —the color of it." A dawning of my suspicion seemed to get ; j>to tiie head of tbe woman, and she quickly and eagerly brought out her parse, and we carefully went over the entire contents by the light of the street lamp close by. I looked over tbe half-crowns first, for it was in these coins tbatlwasatthatmomentmostdeeplyintere?ted, But those in the purse were both well-worn and old, and not at all like the new lumps of newter in that form, the specimens of which bad been accumulating steadily at the Police Office for six months at least. They ware sterling silver too, and that was the greatest disappointrcentof aIL The remainder of money was all equally genuine. "Have yon ever got money from your hus band which yon suspected came from this woman, and which was checked as bad money?" "Never; but of course 1 never looked ?t it particnlatly. I've no doubt if she gives him money it will all be bad. The wretch is fit (or anything. I had a failing of that kind the firet time I saw her, and I'm in daily dread that ehe wheedles my poor soft hnaband into an elopement. Hell think her everything that's good no doubt—men in love are such fools— snd ihe'U shake her ill-gotten money in his eyes and Ret him to ran away from me," and at the thought the jealous wife gotoutahandkerohief and wiped her eyes till the tean flowed. " Dont be afraid of that. Ksllaway seems to me not a young man—be must be forty-five or fifty— andl don't think tie's a running away man at all. Now, will yon tell me quickly —for itV cold standing here—what you wish me to do?" " Get tb&t; we man into prison ! watch her! track her! follow, her! discover some thing she baa done or is doing which U enough to ensure her getting ten or fifteen yearn' imprisonment, and I shall be happy. Now that you've suggested it I'm quite sura that ehe s ust be eDgaged in coining baas Tt'.ocey. What sentence would be passed if ehe were convicted of that T*i ••■ ( mZ-Z--< \- >1 "That depende— perhaps five yeare.^lf she luw) heen often convicted, perhaps ten o: more." " Often ? Shefhas very likely been in the bards of the police aa often m there are bain in fcer head. She has a murderous look about her, and I'm quite enre that my poor Albert is not the first she has wiled away from a loving wife. Bat he is so soft and co blind to any woman's faults bat thof c of his awn wife that I can't blame him. Now, will yon bring a great blee?iog upon me !" and her face, softened with tender entreaty, looked as different as light does from darkness. "Yon have the power, and I've heard that you've brought a blessing on many a miserable life—will you bring one on mine ?" Like most of us, I find it hard to refuse a wrman, but it seemed to that this one, in spite of many redeeming qualities, had one bad one. •• I will confer a Messing on you—if yon will take it and act on it." "What is it?" 11A piece of advice. I knew you would not snap at it very readily, but good advioe never ib snapped at. Well, never be jealous of your husband again; be content with loving him; that's all yon are created for. Jealousy is not in the programme at all) and whether he^ good, bad, or indifferent, you've just to go on loving him, and being tender and kind to him in order to win. This jealousy is a cruse to yon, and will be a curse to him when he finds it oat ualen hei? really what you say. He may be merely arranging some very intonate defence for this woman. lam quite sure if you could look at him every time you are with him as you looked attnejost now when you asked me to bring a blessing upon yon he could not but be conquered. Tfaesilken lea*h of lore hold« a man far more securely than a whole cable chain of force, Are you following me V I had reason to ask the question, for she stood back from me on the pavement im patiently looking about her and tapping the ground with one of her feet. "I hear you, but that's all thrown away upon me," she feverishly answered. "No human being could love him as I do, or more strongly than I do, I will never be jealous again—l will promise that—if you will but prove to me that lam mistaken this time. I am convinced that the woman is a criminal, and it is your duty to detect and arrest these. Give me the blessing I hunger for—peace of mind and the restored love of my husband— by following op and trapping this woman. Gnt her out of the way and sunshine shall be on all my life," It was a woman's argument out am* out. Just wben yon fancy you have completely out reasoned tfcem and borne all before yon they come op railing to the charge again, repeat their faulty argument with but with a slight variation, and then pose for the crown of vic tory. Like the English soldiers at Waterloo, they get" beaten several times but never know of it, and come on again all the same." I could therefore only promise to do what I could by hunting out this fascinating beauty, and trying to discover something against her which ehonld put tier out of harm's way for a time. I think I made the promise simply to get rid of the woman before met and* because my toes were frozen nearly as cold as the pavement, and I know that I had not th< faintest expec tation of being able to accomplish mush. If I booked the woman at ail I rather thought that it night be only for a term of a month or so, which would not help the jealous wife muoh. The day after the interview I called at the den in question, but I could find no trace of any woman answering the description of Kel lawoy's charmer, though everyone in the house showed herself. Not quite satisfied I had the house watched, but no one thus attired was Been to rater or leave, and that attempt alao was given np in despair. There remained then nothing to be done but watch Kellaway himself, in hope of his fascina tor coming to see him. I was nearly done with that and about to give np the case, which promised to little, when I one night chanced to see Kellaway exchange a few words at Howie's poblicbonse with a man named Michael Brno nan. Brennan was a little man, wiry ftad ac tive, and about as wideawake a customer as any one coald have to deal with, and though not much was known against him T bad my euEpicions roused by having discovered that be lived in the tune den on the South-bridge, which was said to be the home of the woman in the black cloak. When the two thus engaged saw me they immediately parted and, Kella way graciously saluted me, " Who i 6 that man, and where does he live?" lacked. I knew perfectly, and merely put the ques tion to throw a little dost into Kellaway'a eyes. " Ab, we never tell professional eecrets," he sirjlinplp replied. "If that man gets into trouble I shall have the defending of him. Ha is one of my clients." " He looks like it." Kellaway grinned feebly over the dig, an! arkedme Vc drink, but I left Hurriedly in the wake of Brennan. My hope was that he might meet that mysterious woman against whom my efforts were to be directed. Living in thesama bouse he must at least know the woman, and his acquaintance with Kellaway made me ,'eus pect her to be his wife. Now what was prin cipally laid to the charge of this man Brennan was the lower branches of base coining. He practiced mostly with half-crowns, and it was the maker of those half-crowns accumulating at the head office whom I was anxious to get hold of, A h?lf- crown is not much to lose, but when the loss comes chiefly among small shop keepers, and through them to the very poor, it is eeriou? indeed. The house on the bridge was a ehebeen, but I knew the tenant of it too well to believe that Bhe would allow the manu facture of baee money to be carried on there with her 'knowledge. She had been bitten too often by the police, and was exceedingly anxious to curry favor with us by denouncing everyone but herself. Brennan landed at that place in about half an hour and entered with out having sighted rue. I waited on hoping to see him come out again, but be did not. How eve^ I had quite as good, for in half an hour there issued from the house a tall woman dressed exactly as the jealous wife had de scribed. She went upstairs and out by the bridge entry* and looked neither right nor left. There was no loitering—straight ahead she went at a smart pace, and aB I had ex pected made for Kellaway's office. She re mained in the place for two hours. I could bear no one Epeaking inside though two of the windows were lighted. I thought of course that Kellaway had gone there before her; bat, to my unbounded surprise, when the lights were cut and'the woman had locked the door and descended to the street Kellaway appeared from the opposite direction, spoke a word or two with her under a street lamp, and then parted from her and went OS to his cwn borne without going near the office. This could mean but one thing—that the woman had a key to the office, which she car ried and had a right to use as well as Kella way. The whole place consisted of but two rooms and a clo?Ct—could it be possible that Kellaway, in his poverty, had rented off one of the rooms to this woman. They did not con verse as lovers as they stood thus under the lamp, but more like business acquaintances, and they did not even 6hake bands as they parted. Yet they were not out of sight, and I was debating which I should follow, when a clutch—which I knew only too well—was sud denly fastened on my arm from behind, and I heard the jealous wife hiss in my ear— "That's her! now youve seen her! Can yon get her taken for a heavy sentence?" 111 have eeen her. it is true; but I have not got a look at her face, and, what's more, I do not know that she has done anything wrong." "Not done anything wrong? She has robbed nee!" and she smote her breast vio lently with her hand, with her tone rapidly rising. "For goodness sake, don't [short here," I entreated. " We're on a public street and not in s quiet close, and you'll wake up the inhabi tant?. Be content. I think lam getting a case against her.'" I turned away abruptly an 4 put on my fastest pace, and so shook her off forthat night. While I bad' been following them she bad been watching me. It is so all through life. We all shadow one another. Next day, aB soon a« Brennan had got np and gone out, MoSweeny entered the house on tbebridge in great apparent haste, and«skedthe loan of a female duguise big enough Co cover his tall form. They eagerly brought out all the dresses in the place but the one he wanted, and their kindness was thus thrown away. Now, the only spot unexplored daring this rummaging was a little place oocupied by Brennan, of which he always carried the key. The inference, therefore, was plain—if the drees was anywhere in that home it waa in Brcnnan'e room. That morning we bad iafor r&ation; wLich pointed emphatically to the mysterious woman, for in Leith a number of base half-crowns had been passed tbe day before, and always by a woman so attired: MoSweeny was convinced that she was not in the house at that moment, but resolved to be there when ehe did appear ; he therefore inti mated to tbe landlady that he would like to see who came home with Brennan, and asked to be put in some place where he could do so without being eeen. The place apportioned to bim was under a bedstead. It wag very dnrty underneath, the boards made a hard resting plaoe, and there were other causes of restless ne?a, the narks of which did not leave him for weeks. " I never was so bitten since I was born," be said to me next day. " The bastes are thin with famine, and there's thousands of them, and they don't get a meal like me every day, co they made the most of it." While McSweeny was thus enjoying .himself I bad been watching Kellaway. There was nothing suspicious about his movements. He went borne aa usual about 4 o'clock and bad dinner, and in about two hours sauntered forth again, and went back to his office. His wife oJlowed, as she had arranged with me, on the opposite Bide of the street, and on Beeiog him eafely into tbe office we took up different posts —she to watch tbe windows, while I a?oended the stair and watched arrivals from above. Tbe stair was a dark one, the law havinc not yet made stair lighting compulsory. We had not long to wait, l think soarcely tan minutes bad passed when a footstep sounded on the stair and the mysterious woman ascended, and admitted herself with a key to KaUaway'a office. The door was not mamy momenta oksad when another cautions step ascended, and then I heard some one groping about. '' Are ye there, ye devil?'' I heard in the on mi?tekable tones of MsS weeny, and at tbe earns moment his huge hands came down on my shoulder, and I felt that he was shaking all over with suppressed merriment. "Do yon know who your foine woman is ?" be just managed to get out in choking gurgles, "the woman that Kellaway'a wife is so jealous of?" "No? Brennan's wife ?" " Brennan's wife! go along wid ye! When had be ever a wife or the ghost of wan ? It's— ifs" —and after about ten minutes choking and fighting with merriment he managed to blurt out one word. "Goodness gracious!" I exclaimed, "then the sooner we breai in here the better." "Get the. wife up to sse it done," roguishly suggested McSweeny. " Per haps she'd like to have it out wid the shameless hussy thatfe fascinated her hu?band! Fascinated him ! Ooh. begorra, bntthis'U be the death of me 2 Sure, for tick ling, tbe bngs is nothing to it." "She's easily get. Come down with me if you can keep that horse laugh of yours quiet for a few minutes; if not tit down on the stone step there and bave it out by yourself." With a tremendous effort MoSweeny drew himself together, and, palling on a long face, descended, and crossed the street to where the jealous wife was solemnly pacing the cold stones. "They're in there now," I Baid, indicating tbe two lighted windows, "and I think we'll break in and see what they're about; we have something against the woman at any rate," Tbe wife started joyfully, and tried to clasp my arm, but got McSweeny'a instead, and with the force of her grip made him twist and wriggle himself nearly into a lover's knot '' You nave!—then I am to be happy at last," she cried, with savage jsy. "Let ma be there when she is taken, that I may spit in her fare and trample on her—after she's hand cuffed." I motioned her to follow, while McSweeny Blank to tbe rear, and nearly doubled himself ia the effort to keep in his laughter. The police man on the beat went with us. I did not knock or ring, but tbe weight of <rar four bodies and a little steel crowbar inserted at tbe lock sent the door flying inwards. There was instantly an exclamation of alarm within, and, stepping quickly into the room whence the sound proceeded! I saw Kellaway himself with an apron on over his ordinary dress, in the midst of batteries, moulds, and pla?ter of paris oasts. Opposite him was Bren nan, looking equally horror-stricken and sur prised, for he was just in the act of removing a woman's frock of brown merino, having already ■ got rid of the black cloak, sUk bonnet, and veil. Tbe jealous wife, who had rushed in at our neels brimful of elation, no sooner took in the, situation and realised what she had done than' with a scream she threw np her arms and went unV) hysterics. For ten minutes it was not po?Eible to get a word of sense out of her, but, " Ob, what a fool! oh, what a fool! and I thought he was a woman! oh, what a fool.'" "I hope you will not blame me," said Kella way grandly. " I let-one of my rooms to this man, but had no idea till to-night that he was using it for such a purpose, and just came to tell bim to clear out at onoe." 1 " I suppose you did not fcaow either till to- i night that he came and went to the room dis guised as a woman ?" I drily returned. "Indeed I did not." II That's enough; you'd/better reserve your defence. You know encugh of the law to prompt jou to the wisdom of that course." "I taftvs rained him! I hare killed bias !" BCreamedhi? wife, trying to wreath her arm? j round her husband's neck. "He is innocent, j and yon know is was only the woman you were ! to teke and pat in prison." "Whafs that she says?" suddenly asked Kellaway. " Did she betray ub ?" A dead Bilenoe from us and a wail from the wife. " I did, but it was my love for you that made me do it." "Your love! Your love be hanged!" cried Kellaway, gathering all his strength and burling her from bim. "If that's your love, let me rather have your hate!" Sbe went back on the wall and the rap knocked the little remaining sense out of her. Sbe was allowed to remain for half an hoar in the place, and then came up to the office in the cab which brought the working plant of the coiners. Kellaway was placed on trial alone, j for Brennan, while he was being taken to the office by the policeman, dived suddenly, broke ; loose, and got clear away. Kellaway's sentence j was five years. His wife wrote to him regularly and promised all kinds of amend ment when he should be free, bat two months ] before the end of his term he died of pleurisy. I never heard of her again. 