THi GHOSTS HT. A MUSrCIAhTB STORY i - (Br II. T. W. Duke, Je.) I. I am a leader of tee orchestra Bijou Theatre at Pittsburg. I am notbfo!! but a plain musician, yet I was ones t mf sidered a very great one. That was wW t lived on Tuira street, in a suite of room- g/ small teat my piano and bird ca«rOS hardly room for me to turn aroniKl? r|v called. my rooms 44 The Aviary M then. Now I am well-to-do — rich, in fact, for a ha%e lor— and I owe my riches to the strangest circumstances that ever befel a mauoAnv prosaic nature. ' I am a diffident, shy man— have very few friends. Ivans, the drummer in tlw or. chestia (Tommy, as he k usually ealPd, and Skab, the manager of the theatre, are' my only intimate b lends. How they came to h this little story will tell you . I had been leading tee orchestra for two years, and it was on the night of October I J, 188—, that I experienced a .-ensation which gives existence to this narrative. I did not often use the piano before me, but tliia particular night we were one or Wo men short -and nee led noise. The piano and I supplied i he lack jn that particular. We were playing a waltz in the interval between the foiirih and 'fifth acta Of a Turid melo drama, and I was banging away in tewp, « fi steadily as you pleasj, playing -almost mechanically, as- oncuis/jipt to play fashionable waitz music. All of a sudden something — it was some thing, and yet I cannot say what, it was— took hold of my hands mid dashed thrin violently down on the keys. It was just as if someone had reached long arms around me and seized my hauds and banged them on the keyboard. My hands felt numb and chill and I verily believe I should have thought myself paralyzed but for the actual sense of strong bands grasping my own, overpower ing them and casting them down with & great crash of sound upon the piano. I felt a cold chill start at my toes, r.iu up my body and go out of tbe tips of my hair, which bristled as electrified. I was terribly frightened, I can tell you, and my frijrht grew no less as I felt cold fingers — or what seemed like cold fingers — place themselves over my fingers, a cold thumb place itself over each of my thumbs, and then my hands begin to move without any voliation of my own. The entire orchestra of course slopped and stared at me. The hum of the audience hushed, and then, without will or wish of my own, guided by these cold finger tips resting on my own, my hands began to play a waltz of G luck's — an exquisite bit of music I never could execute, but which I loved even as you love, Sir or Madame, tbe perfume of the first violet you fted in the early spring. Amid the profoundest silence, my hands, guided by this unseen agency, played this waltz with a perfection of time, an exquisite- ness of touch, a thorough appreciation of its beauty, and brought out in the most subtle way meanings I never dreamed lay hidden in the score. It was as beautiful as it was awful, and even in my terror — which was something to feel, not to describe— I felt that the music was rendered by something which had once been a master's soul. II. . The bell tinkled for the customary slow music for the curtain, but the cur Jain was up and the villain of the piece ou the stage ere my hands ceased playing. The last two bare were indeed soft and sweet aud low, dying away like the ghost of music, and as the last note ceased I fell from the stool bathed in a cool, clammy sweat, too insensible to heed tee wild and tumultuous applause teat came from pit, boxes, and galleiy, the loud shouts of encore and the sharp clapping of the hands of my own musicians. The villain tried in vain to speak his lines ; the distressed heroine peeped from the side scene ; the manager shook his fist at me from the prompter's window ; but the audience roared for me, and at last I was compelled to arouse myself, and in some form of words beg to be excused, before order was restored and the play allowed to go on. Tommy Ivans took me down under the stage, made ine swallow a draught of villainous gin from tee bottle he always carried, and restored me to some sense. Every nerve in me was quivering. I was as hysterical as a woman ; I laughed and cried all at one and tee same time. I verily believe I should have lost my senses bad not Skab — : — our manager — hurried down to where I was and aroused me by his ornate andlurid profanity. 4 What possessed you, Esstermann said he. - You don't drink, and yet you played well enough to have been possessed by the devil. Hang me if I knew you could do it. Only, for the sake of goodness, pick a better time for your solos.' And thus he went on, now blaming and cursing me, and then swearing that there was not a pianist in America who could have played as I did. "When I became somewhat composed I tried to excuse myself, though I found I could not possibly tell biin what was the matter. Something seemed to hold my tongue as 1 tried to speak, and finally I put a bold face on the matter, told him I saw tee audience was tired of the worn waltz we were playing, and I thought I would give them a surprise. 4 Hang me if yon didn't succeed/ said he and went off grumbling 'at what he called an infernal 4 ivory knocker's whim.' m. Ivans got me back to my. place, and the audience again interrupted tee play to roar at me. Extreme heat succeeded my chill. I sat in my place fingering my baton, my pulse leaping in tee ninefeiw? and my head throbbing. I managed to get throughtee rest of my work without any other dis turbance—only i did not touch tee piano again. All tee gold in Christendom could not have induced me to touch a key. .After the. play was over and we had finished our final piece, the audience having disponed, toy orchestra gathered around me, and while loud in praise seemed solicitiouS about my apparent f mating fit. I passed as a joke, ' told themlhat I I tte V'iv to tease them, and pretended to Pffi.4r to get a drink from Tommy. «e2hW»gly.tooktt all -ill good-Mrt, T cnwPcoud violin snd corn©! 1st put thoir ! but/5m.ethcras the clarionet looked at them, riita4®" tapped his pate with a very fL Ao«'er fn a very knowing way. Ivans,® said I, as lie and I left 0,0 tt/d-or, ' where do you sleep tO- tO® "" "rF fln'my usual quarters at the Bell,® said be/ToSPmust come -and stay with me, I TThatf in the Aviary ? Tour infernal mocking birds and canaries will wake rne t0?Verer mind that,' I answered, 4 I beg. "to stay. I ask it as arf riend.® « 411 inrbt> Johanii Master,® web his " r> ' p've no doubt you and I can bunk Slv together; but you show bad taste in fellows, my hearty.' T)oubtlcss I did, but. to be thoroughly honest I was wild with fright. I believe I -ould have lost my mind had I been alone Mv rand piano— a magnificent Weber — ctood in the room I called my parlor. I had to close the door between that room and my bedroom ! The piano looked to me in the &«dcw liko a great rosewood coffin, and the air seemed to have that terrible indescribable odour there is ever about a room in which a corpse lies. A basket 01 cut fiowers in my window, and I hurled into the street. Their scent but added to the terror I felt. IV. I Dever closed my eyes during the entire nwkt. Tossing from side to side I woke up poor Tommy half a dozen times with the insane query, ' Are you asleep ?' until finallv he sat up in the bed and stared at nie in s sleepy, angry- way. « Look here, Joliaun, is your noddle in exactly correct time? It strikes me you are o-ettiuii' bass and treble jumbled in your music box, and if you don't go to sleep you'll soon be jangled out of tuue I believe there's something wrong about you anyhow. What's the m ilter ? Hay out loud and then let me go to sleep.' 'Tommy,' said I, and I said it in deep earnestness, 4 1 didn't play that waltz to night. but the devil did.' And then in as few words as possible I told him exactly what had happened to me As I went on with iny story Tommy's eyes actually bulged from his head, ana his sleep -swollen face, his startled expression partook so much of the ludicrous that I broke out into a hearty laugh — which was a wonderful panacea to my nerves. " 13-ank me,' he said under his breath, 1 1" believe you've been drinking on the sly and have got Via at last,' and then he shook his head in the most solemn way. riveently he leaped from the bed, turned on a full head of gas, threw open my parlor door, lit the burners — every one of them — and came back to my bedside. 4 Get up,' said he, and there was a note of command in liis voice. 4 Here's your dressing gown. Blank me.' — his oath was almost like a. prayer — 'you've got to play tha: waltz right now for me or — or — or — I'll go home aud lock the door behind me.' I pica d and begged in the most abject way; but he was inexorable and I followed him into the pa 1 lor and sat down at the piano. As I did so I glanced at the clock ; it was half-past three. Nerving myself by a violent eiiort, and caning upon ail the manhood I possessed, I struck a chord boldly. The sound echoed tlirough the room. I put out my right hand to commence the waltz, when again, though this time without any force, but with a grip like steel, I felt both h«nds seized, and again the cold fingers lay_on mine and the cold chill passed over me. I felt my hair bristling, and looking at Ivans I saw he, too, had noticed and was partaking of my terror. V. He stood motionless before me, and I sat like a block of marble, only my hands, guided by the touch of those awful fingers, glided over the key- board. This rime it. was not the ?ny lnds played, but a selection from Gluoi s ' Orfeo ed Euridice'— that portion of the act where Euryoice has vanished and Orpheus wails for her m music that might indeed have stirred the heart of Hell. 1 never hear the music played now without j a shudder, although I never have heard it rcally played but once since that night. ; Weird and heart-thriliing, sobbing with an utter hopelessness, entreating, calling, plead - tag, beseeching, stretching out the hands of ffiusic to the vanishing soul ; begging it by the memory of happy bygone hours to turn and look upon him once again ere Eternity ewallowed it up, all, all! All this and a tiiou.-aud things more I heard as the relent less possessing fingers swept my hands over the keys, Nor was this the end. When the last note had died away the fingers again forced my hands to play — this time another selection from the musician, but from a different opera, Xa Buona Figlinola,' a sparkling little moictvai, that danced and chirruped and sparkled until my birds woke rqv and in a moment the room was alive with their notes, jtad glanciug at the window that opexed to the east I saw the gray dawn "begin to steal above tho horizon. But the spirit which possessed my hands deemed not to fear the dawn. When the ale of the last air was reached it dashed hands rapidly down the treble and in a taunieut the room was full of the sounds of he exquisite melodies Playford has preserved or Us — melodies than which nothing can be aiore unghostlike. It was broad day ere the Laurie ceased, and then as X felt a slight shiver creep over me my bands dropped rio-t hfcless in my lap, but I unyseliwae calm a Lid composed. Not so my friend. I ne\er saw a iaee in which awe and admira- n and ludicrous terTor were so mingled. fte shuddered as I stopped, then ran hurriedly ta that chair on wldch his clothes lay, drew oro some hiddeu source Hie bottle of gin p l i0llg"» long pull at it. turning to the piano he started at me and broke out ; — It is a ghost, by Jingo, for you couldn t 0 it yourself. Keep him J okann . It's a aunt that's worth at least a. hundred thou sand ?: «« would -wJraSU an kiSf8111 a few words what it tookliim Hour or more to explain to me be ff'a ormoreece if ifc rented Wch out on the sea of puouc life and give conceits. do d 887 that 1 % refused to aavfluno-of the sort, and that I parted wifli Ivans about dinner-time, wJaerjriih in a very good humour. - After dinner, as I was smoking a cigar in F0.®' sarpriee I . was "honoured by \- Skab— favour never before m+kS ln told met hat he had wonderfully struck by my playing the niglff before, nntChe wanted 0 know, to use his own language, 4 Whv in the blank X had kept it all to myseli?' . am ?t going to repeat much of Slab's talk, only I must say that in spite of his pro fanity and roughness he ! was about the" shrewdest manager I ever knew, and.' a man who understood when and how to take the opportunity — the theatrical opportunity" I mean by the forelock, and, . in his own words again, 4 work it for all it was worth."! A good deal of talk wound up by Skab's insisting on my playing for him, and X startled him not a little by the vehemence of my refusal; -It ended, however, just as I .feared it would, and in spite - of my horror - and reluctance I found myself at thepiano. Just here, for once and all, let mie say that from the first time I felt " this, strange posses- don, power, or whatever you choose to call it, until It .departed from me, " I never approached a piano without a terror and slimming fear that I caniiot eYpIaln . J grew hot and cohi, shuddered, trembled, even felt sick, and, although . I played over two hundred times before immense audiences, my sense of fear nerer left me from the rimA I approached the piano until 1 knew from the falling of my hands that X could play no longer. And in order to -save time I may as well here tell you exactly how the! thing felt. If it were possible to introduce into the veins of each foot at tlje toes about ten pounds of the smallest size shot frozen, to let the cold pellets run rapidly up the veins to the heart and hunt along the arteries until the whole body was tingling with cold and motion, and then to let every one of these shot run to gether in the throat, and rush up through the. head and out at the tips of each bristling hair, then it might be possible to feel as X felt when this awful Thing overshadowed me. First I felt my arms grow colder than my body was, next they grew hot, and upon each hand I felt the pressure of an icy hand ; the fingers crept along my fingers, the thumb pressed my thumb, and with a grip of steel 1 feit these hands close down on mine, then I surrendered, arms and. hands, entirely to their possession, and played what they played. How I pedalled I don't know ; I can only say that it, was purely mechanical and was done unconsciously. As far as my indi viduality was concerned I was a block of marble, with hands and fingers moved by machinery. After I had played, say an hour or so, the hands lifted from mine, sometimes quickly, sometimes rather slowly, giving my hands a sort of caress — if I may so call it— which frightened me more than a blow would have done. I felt all of those sensations when I sat down at the piano to play for Skab, and I played, or rather my hands played, for an hour or ao. The music executed this time was of varied character. An arrangement of Schubert's serenade first, then a potpourri of popular airs, then one of Mendelssohn 8 4 Lieder ohne Worter," and lastly a merry little bit from Galuppi's 4H Mondo della Luna.' Skab's amazement was very great, and Lis praises would have put me to blush had I been the actual performer of the music I plaved. . He then made the samq suggestion Ivans had made me in the morning, only putting it in a business shape, and offering to 'manage' mc. He proposed that I should commence by giving a concert at his theatre, then try some of the smaller towns, and eventually Philadelphia. If I made a success there, then New York, Boston, the South and West, and even Europe- He took my breath away with the auguries of future greatness, and a very Pactolus rolled in his rapid 8TB6Cll» I was carried away with dreams of ambition, of wealth, of fame, and ere he left me I had promised to consider the matter and give him an answer in a weeks time. VII. " That week was the most feverish of my existence. I coulduot, of courae.trflhowlong. mv ghost-given powers would last. I feared ihiv might leave me in the middle of a per- formance ; and I knew I could not finishes the audience hod heard me begin. . The prospect of being hooted off the stage was not agreeable, and that of bemg com pelled every night to go throngh theuensa- Son I have described .was ahnosfras b®d. I Zat ior Tommy Ivans ; I domesticated to fo w room, and I played ever night Sunday by invitation, I played at mass at iTpJtaiok's Cathedral Church, and fomid that on the organ my fingers were controlled even asnn the piano. , ir Skab for aax monflM ratS ito; Tommy I expenses and to j J employed in j ; Ivans, I me, andmy | gome caparatyso 12th day ol : first concert was nxea w November. to money on me, ?Sv detopreventhiB losing anytffing, , and my desire to p . anvfhing else to the reconciled me morc than j suffered ordeal I Ttwreeh the day I o£ 12Ui uf November. __T B1 not attempt to describe that night. My "success was phenomenal. Encore after encofco, Wild applause and unbounded enthu- Hasm greeted Hie7 performance, and I woke up Xhe next morning to find myself famous and the possessor of 650dol. net proceeds of my-ghost's handiwork. J ust here I will explain a want the papers complained of, namely, .that X gave out uo programme of my perfoianance, and Hie audimice had to guess at what I played; Leaving put of view the fact that the vast majority "of audiences do hot know any more about what you play with, a programme Hian they do without it, I will say thstt I could not help it. I never knew myself what was going to come until after a bar or so was played, and to be perfecHy honest, once or twice I playei piecesHie did know. " - ' : Aftrohe or two concerts I mended matters the best I could by stationiug lvaUs on the stage and telling him the, name . of .the piece ffter -I got well, info it. H!e thereupon aang it out in a stentorian voice. If happened —as it did more than once— that I myself did not .know the name of the' piece; I ' whispered, 4 A fugue of Taitini's ' or 4 A sonata of Scarietti's ' or 4:A staccata of Goudimel's,"® and Ivfins foared it out, and the . audiences were perfectly satisfied. They did not like this method— I mpan of proclaiming the names of my pieces— ih Boston, but they had to put up with it. Now, I am not going to attempt to de scribe my six months' tour, nor my wonder ful success. If.X mentioned the'mame under which I played, you could yourself write out the history- of my engagement. Suffice it to say that Hie' morning aft® my fifoX- concert hi New. York . Richard Grant »|ute prq- noimced me the finest pianist America had ever heard, and I do believe he was right, ordy he ought -fo have written. 4 my hands ' instead of rny name. I played steadily ; along— starring j as they call it— through half a dozen States, and by the end of the next May had invested lOjOOOdol. in "United States bonds, and had lOjOOOdol. more in the bank. Tommy Ivans was gorgeous on a salary of lOOdol. ' a week, and had! eschewed gin, never drinking any other tipple less expensive than! Roedeeer. VIII.. At a little city in Massachusetts the first incident of any note occurred, audit was the beginning of the end. About midway in the concert, a very ex cellent performance of one of Sporh's sym phonies was encored, and . I attempted to repeat it. Of course I failed, and my hands glided into an arrangement which I thought at. first was the andante in A flat in Beethoven's symphony. But ere I had played two bars I found I was mistaken, and that it was one of iny 4 unknowns.' What possessed me to do so I cannot tell, but I whispered to Tommy, 4 Original arrangement ; Love's Question,' and., he shouted it out. The piece was listened to in the pro- foundest silence, and well- did . it merit attention. As I say, it commenced- like the andante in A flat, then it danced off iuto a kind of scherzo, and then glided into the most pathetic music I have ever heard. My name was an inspiration. The whole arrange ment was one grand question, and the anxious, timid, hopeful, half -despairing way in which the chords groped about in" doubt, now feeling their way, now rejoicing at a little light, now beseeching an answer, now putting it off as if afraid of what it might be, has never, to my knowledge, been equalled in music. It was the cry of a soul to a soul, 4 Do you love me ? Gau you love me ? I am not worthy even of a thought, but. oh ! think of me tenderly. ' It said, in music, what Shelley only could say in words. 4 The desire of the moth for the star ' was the undertone of every note, and so strangely did it affect me that tears trickled down my cheeks as I played. All of a sudden I was conscious of a human eye piercing me through and through. I looked in the dress circle, and on the front row of seats a dark-eyed, grey-bearded man was contemplating me with a look in which wonder and fear were so blended that I caught something of each. In the midst of Hie most delicate and tender movement of the piece, my hands were violently lifted .up at my throat and then dashed down so violently on the keys that I heard the strings of Hie .piano snap, and heard and saw nothing more until I awoke to consciousness in the green room on Ivans' knee, Skab standing over me wringing his hands and swearing like a trooper. Finding that I had only been out a moment, I insisted on going back, Tor, to tell the truth, I was in an agony, fearing that my power had left me. Such, however, .was . not the case. The ghostly hands still" exercised their sway, and X finished! Hie concert. Once I lifted my ©yes to the dress circle, but theinan I had seen had left his seat. It appeared to me— it may have been, fancy, but it certainly" seemed to me— that ; Hie cold fingers on mine trembled, and that the execution was not as vigorous as usual. IX. Next morning, about ten, a visitor to «ee aae was announced. I told Hie bell boy to usher him into my apartment, and so fully convinced was I of who the visitor was that ; my pulse did not beat one whit the faster, and I was cool and collected, when Hie man whose glance had terrified me ao the night before came into my room. A fter the usual civilities, a kind inquiry .after my health, and a f ew compliments on my matchless playing, as he styled it, - the stranger, begging my pardon for what might seem an impertinent query, asked me if I had ever taken lessons from or known Rudolph Aronsonheim. I answered promptly and truthfully that not only had I wever known him, but that I then for the first time heard the name. 1 Strange, sir,® said my visitor, half; musingly, 'strange. Your tench, your ex ecution, Everything about your pla> mg, and down to your rather peculiar fingering, is Aronsonheim's in -every respect. And stranger still, that beautiful concert piefee you played was written by him. X. I never knew tiia.fr anyone but myself had 'Oven sp much as seen the score. Ihave it with me. It is un- finished, and ends in a confused scratching of pencil maarks |nst where ymi||yere bq Tin-; forfcunateas to faint last night. ' As he spoke he drew several stained pieces of music paper from ids pocketand extended his hand.holding them toward me. 4 You must excuse the dirty" appearance of Hie sheets,' said he in Hie 'same musing tone of . voice. 4 The poor fellow out his throat just before be finished Hie score, -and that is his life blood on Hie paper.' ; 4 Gracious me !' I .exclaimed, .starting from iny seat and waving back the accursed music. 4;I tell you I never heard of him before. Where I learned that horrible music I do not kaow. I said it was efriginal only be cause I could not locate . it. Take it away from me.' - .Bardpu me , ' said Hie stranger, rising. 4 I fear Ihave bd impertinent,' and he started as if to go. ! " . I interrupted, him. 4 Pardon me,' I replied, 4or rather iny vehemence, I shall not, I cannot, permit you to leave without giving me at least some information as to this unfortunate mau, whose music I seem unwittingly ttrhave ap propriated.' 4 With pleasure, sir,® . he replied, 4 if it can be a. pleasure to rehearse even in a few words so melancholy a history.' Seating himself he went on : 4 Aronsonheim was bom in Bavaria, edu cated in Munich. Before he was sixteen he was considered one of Hie finest pianists in Germany. Allured by flattering hopes held out to him by relatives in this country, he came to New York and gave a few concerts." He was very unfortunate in his selections, . for he had au insane admiration for early Italian and German masters, and would play their compositions. " Grand as they axe to ; the true musicians, they were caviare fo the general. . ; Aronsonheim earned applause and admi ration from artists, - but the public only came ; to hear him once or twice. Chagrined and heartsick he came to my native town with letters to me and boarded in my house. In a month's time he was desperately in Jove with the most beautiful and bewitching girl in our village, the daughter of a wealthy manufac turer there. An honest, openhearted gentle man, he declined to tell his love to the girl until he had the parent's permission, and i withi a frank manliness that deserved at least recognition he weiit to her father asking leave to address the daughter, who he believed was not indifferent to him. 4 The usual result followed. Cursed as a beggarly 44 Dutchman," he was ordered but of the house, forbidden to speak to the woman he "loved, and insulted as a snob only can insult a sensitive soul. 4 1 met him at the door. TTis face was so pale it frightened me. He rushed by me into his room, locked himself up there for a day, and then came out a broken man. | 4 He tried for a week to get a single word with his love. He was denied admittance. The letters he wrote were returned unopened. He believed, I know not why, that the young woinon loved him and would leap all barriers and fly with him, could he only tell her of his love ; but no opportunity was afforded him to see her. 4 At last he confided to me his scheme : — 44 1 will give a concert. I know she will come. I will play her Gliick's 4 Orfeo.' I will play her some of Playford's music, and then I will ask her in music to be mine. I know she will come." ' 4 Nothing could dissuade him, from his scheme. His conceit was advertised far and wide for the 22nd day of October, two years gone. He sat up from half -past 10 the night of the 21st' — I gave a convulsive start as the stranger said this, the reader can guess why— 4 to daybreak the next morning. J usfc before breakfast I entered his room and found him, wild-eyed and haggard, writing the score I now hold in my hand. 4 He would not come to breakfast or dinner despite my entreaties. I went np to his room about 4 in the evening, and just as I put my hand on the door-knob I heard him give a despairing cry. 4 1 cannot . do it- It will not come to me.' I threw the door open, but too late. He had cut his throat from ear to ear, and his life-blood ran out on this score, which I have kept by me ever since, but never heard rendered until you played ft last night. May I beg you to accept it ?' X. It is unnecessary to go into any further particulars. Suffice it to say that the stranger left me no wiser than, he came as to my musical knowledge or Hie source of my marvellous performance. But Hie horror that entered into my soul as he told his simple , narrative can better be imagined than de scribed. Had I then located my ghostly per former? I had grown somewhat accustomed to my peculiar possession. Ivans — who alone knew my secret — and I had talked Hie matter over, and I was beginning under Ms repeated asseverations to believe that it was really imagination on my - part and that my genius took this peculiar shape. Bat now all Hie horror of my first night returned. I recalled with a shudder that it was about half -past 10 on a 21st of October night that I first felt those awful hands. It was true he died two years before, but it was on the anniversary of the day he commenced work oh this piece of his that he— for I knew now it was he — came and took possession of me. Oh ! the horror of it, the horror of ifc. I knew now why sometimes the touch of those hands felt moist and clammy. Could I ever go near a piano again ? Yes ! I felt that I must continue to go on ; to let him through my agency accomplish some thing, I knew not what. And then a great pity surged in my soul for .the poor spirit whose body was mouldering into clay, with no loving hand to deck the mound under wMek it was to become dust. As the stranger left me he made no request. 4 1 beg of you, sir; to visit my town (here be gave me the name, which need not be re peated here), and if you do please play this score.' , . , . . I made up my mind to comply with this request, a.»d though Skab stormed and swore, And finally made me pay 1 ,00GdoL forfeit, I carried my point, and on a lovely June day found myself in the village of — , billed for a concert in its neat little music-hall. The stranger visited me at my hotel, but I declined his invitation to return the visit, aud with some petulance. I fear, begged to beex- i in mm i . i . 0 cused fromgoing fosee Aaronsonheim's gravq ns he urged me toclo, 4My dear tin,' I said, Xwhafc in the woild is the man-to me?1 I gayea little shudder as I said it-, but I flo not think lie noticed if. .He left meagaih, jrepeating his request that X would play Xh» dfod man's last composition that nfoht. I premised to doso— 4H I; ©an®— anXl must confess I clid not like the curious way in which the gentleman looked at me-as T oke these words. - . ; Aud nowldid averycurious Hiing,whicV Skab never understood and never will under stand unless he reads/the narrative. 1 sent for him aifo.pfofired hiim to pall in! our advance agent; and every future engagement. My sixLfoonths' "contract had expired about a ;month before,- but I had gonoon with my jjrerfecmanpes op. Hie same terms." ' - , -vf; -"Lr!. . '""W::. .\v The reader -can imagine? tite Scene 'that followed. I donbfc careto dwell onit." I agreed to pay all expenses incurred, and to give "Skab the entire proceeds of Xhe eon- cert that night, wifo. theXiaderBtanding that I was te have toy old gnace in the Bijou orchestra. This lati;Bo:pro!HW8ed with great eagerness, but in the most earnest manner begged and pleaded with; me not to throw away our fortunes, as he was convinced I was doing. - \ : I told him with seriousness that this wak my last appearance" as a pianist, and I wa«r convinced it was to be. A very estrange feeling had come ovOr ine as ;800n -aB X had arrived in the town. X frit that .I was called there to fulfil some purpose, and thafol ! was to be relieved of what was npw a tenible burden. No amount of fame, ..no sum>pf money, not all the applause of all the world, could have induced me fo continue . to suffer, what I now suffered every .time I touched the piano. . The effect on my nerves ever since , I had, the interview with Aronsonheim's friend was shocking, and I had gfown irritable, wakeful, peevish, and as capricious as a spoiled child. " 4 Oh!' said Skab; the manager reasserting itself under his rage anddisgust, 4 oh ! why didn®t you give me a chance to advertise your farewell performance V And with Hits disappointment rankling in his soul he left me. I walked to Hie hall that night with a fed ing of relief so great that it almost overcame the usual feeling of horror and reluctance with which I approached a performance. I found the hall packed and jammed, and the applause that greeted my appearance was, I think, the heartiest I ever received. The usual cola chill took hold of tee as I seated myself at Hie instrument ; Hie phantom, fingers grasped iny own and I played on just as usual. I suppose I had executed, .over two-thirds of the number of pieces I usually gave and had retired for:a rest behind the wings when Skab came around and spoke tome. 4 You are not playing, in your usual style, , said lie, ' what's the matter ?' I told him that I was unaware of any difference. But I was conscious I-was not exactly candid in Hie statement, for there was a nervousness apparent to myself and a strange tremulousness in the fingers that grasped my own. \ " I returned on the stage and took my seat. Just before I stretched my arms out to the keyboard I happened to' raise my eyes and saw in the box just in front of tne the most gloriously beautiful wowan I ever looked upon. She was not exactly a, blonde, yet not brunette, with a rich chestnut'hair -and ex quisite complexion, and ©yes the light of which no Italian sky ever equalled ; blue they might have been, for black they were hot, bulb if blue it was like Hie azure of the illimitable sky reflected in the blue depths of the un fathomable ocean. You. lost yourself looking in them. I saw that this beautiful creature was watching me intently. Her rich red lips were parted, so that a gleam, of her snow-white teeth could be seen between. -them. She was leaning slightly forward, und before I touched a key I felt that I could .not withdraw my eyes from Hie strange light that gleamed i& hers. And yet I was conscious that she whila watching me was looking beyond me, over my shoulder, and if I could have done so 1 would have turned my head. But before I could stir a' muscle the hands seized me witii a grip — this time so hard I gave an involun tary cry — and I (heard, as if in a dream, the opening strains of Schubert's serenade. Never have I heard anything play this witching music as I then heard dt. But for once my sense of hearing was . dimmed, so completely had Hie sensed right taken ' pos session of me, so entirely was I lost .in the gaze of Hie magnificent ©yes that looked, through nnd beyond me; that I only knew when the musio ended by -Hie applause of Hie audience. XII. An encore was demanded; Still watching the beautiful girl, who seemed now for the first time to be aware of iny gaze, my hands touched the keys, and ere a single note was sounded. I knew what was ©oming. 4 Loye'a Question, I heard Ivans shout, and I saw the beautiful face above me redden and then grow as white as sea foam. Oh! how that music sounded. . My flash grew cold, myeyes were flooded wiHi tears, my heart beat against my bosom as if it would burst through my flesh. Oh and on, in a strain whose ©aviahing sweetness no earthly melody ever ©quailed; I heard Aronsonheim at lafefc tell the bride !bf his soul the love earth had forbidden him. to! speak. She heard it. I saw' her rise foom he seat, push back with. a magnificent gesture - the air that rippled! over forehead, andlpau across the brass rod ihat encircled, her boic Her bosom was heaving like a tempest-toteea billow; her breath, I could see, was coming fast nnd short. Her lips were wjder capafo, and her eyes 'looked as thehalf-open gates©! Paradise must look to a pondemned soufr I partook of her agitation. Swaying from , side to side I tdi Tttrat tfae clMBaK raa approaching. The dnSoord at of the written soore v fonimg.. X toobreathed eharp and hard; but clenched & mv' teeth in terrible fo&T.; > - " Would those hands clutch c iay flitokX ? those ©old. riammr hngers tear me - JMpalnng smilfe# that muric could not tell its njgniKh 2 , Thfe lagt J jjfr ira cftclied/but ihstead of ilie crasliof iscbMijoteSj.pure fend : sweeE\ as ail gangers Jsoiig, astiblirae symphony etept from, the keys and made the warm blood leapm -my heart. It was no questioning miisic "gny longer ; it was a j oyous kno wledge that filled the soul and overran the senses with. it ' Silvery flood of harmony. . Thou art mine!" it said : 'mine forever t>nd ever and ever ! Ko more despaii', no tore doubt, no more fear 1 Jy , joy. 5py #ven as the angels feel in the presence of God . Nine ! mine ! mine !' _ ; My head swami a?oa reeled ; but above ihe musie l heard a-voiee'ery, Rudolph ! Rudolph !' , , In a I saw wluto arms stretched nut. toward, but notv at me, and as I saw the lovely woman's bead fall onher bosom and frer form sink back, the alms still stretched %nt- as if to clasp fend "hold a beloved -one, I felfc the cold fingeteiooseh iffcir grip upon my |ands, and vritha light caress leave them forever. ' When I recovered from an attack or brain fever I found myself iiV Hfeharg ; faithful J?ommy Ivans, lily nurse, : and Skab my general body gnardand wafaSier. For a long Jime I asked no <ptestioiio, but one day as I .pat in my easy chair on the balcony of my toom- 1- mustered " courage to ask ivaas a uestiptu . _ V ' "" - '' - i He intemipted tiie, her face white and \- ffouMetL- A . - i v 'ad, -he 'replied, apdyfrom that day fb this X have never mentioned the subject. vXr am : still leader of the orchestra at the . $ijou Theatre, but the piano;, at my request, has been removed. - 1 use my bow or arhand- fome baton Skab has given me. I have never touched a piano since my last joneert, and I do , not think: I .ever will iain. ' 