From the LITERA?T WORLD. dealesund oletuan. By Charles R. Corning, (London and Paisley: Alexander Gardner.) Aalesond to Tetnan is an account of a European tonr made by an America gentleman who was not in a hurry. He knew how to drift, and waso happily master of circumstaonces as to be able to follow his impulse whithersoever It might lead him. The book opens with his departure from England for France--id the Channel Islands, a ronte which he earnestly recommends to his countrymen, adding regret tollj: "But they won't take it." Sweden anil orway, Germany and Ruassia, Italy and Spmin are visited in turn. During his stay. in' Spain this- janerw mea reaya is tempted to run ncms to the African Coast and have a look at Tetuan, and is amply rewarded for the effort Nest after Aalesend, Tetuan seems to have made the most lively*impression upon his imagination. The charms of this Moorieh strongbold were, perhaps, enhanced by the dif6palties of gaining actets to it. TETAN nr MnG. r We came across camel trains and men on iot, and an hour before we reached our des tination a brace of sturdy soldiers joined our little party and kept with us to the end. In the fast gathering night-shades the indistinet evidences of wayside hats indicated the near oes. of Tetnan. The flickering lights and oeasional voics were aights and sounds most grateful, for we were fatigned to the bone, and hailed with delight the stone badge across a sltigish stream, for it brought nus beneath the formidable whitewashed battlements of Tetouan. It:was nine o'clock, and the gates had been cloeed since sndown ; but we all set up a mighty shouting" supplemented by vigorous poundings, a real international concert, inwhich many strange tongues commingled, but it ae complished its purpose and brought a solitary silbhaette to the parapets, who with the solemnity of an official ghost, demanded what we wanted. This unealled for question must be prescribed in the governmental rubric, for osrappearance ought surely to have done away with any suc inteirrogatory. After a long parley, in which mention of reward was frequently heard, the silhouette vanished, and in dne time, anecording to Moorish etiquette, two hours or so later, returned with a permit from the commandant to enter. Even at mid night it was highly ludicrous to watch that Moorish funetionary ax he stood in the exas perating ficker of a lantern, and did his bestto note our names as we gave them. His big car-rings moved mechanically as he tried to catch the strange phonetics, but he stuck to his task most faithfully, and after satisfying him self that he had secured our patronymics, we passed down the narrow inner walks, a weird hand, I'm hound, and then through another creaking gate out into the great silent market place, hemmed in by solid blocks of square white houses with miniature casements like so many ble?k e?es peering out upoa the night. I do not remember meeting a living soul in that midnight transit of Tetuan. Dogs barked as a matter of course, but the prowling rounder or the drowsy watchman did not come upon the In daylight the scene changed and the deserted streetas became thronged with a motley and picturesque crowd. TTULA nr DAT. "The rabble is even more kaleidoscopic than at Tangiers, and all kinds and conditions of men are met on the streets, the most abject and miserable creatures imoiable. Disease etricken beggars serretch forth their palsied palms for money, but nobody takes notice of them. Then there came along the prosperous merchant, the lood- mouthed hawkers of small wpre, the fruit-vendors, the donkey boys with shrill pipinps. and the sharp-eyed Jew with hands ehind his back. Then come the Tetuan women, with straw hats as large as cart wheels and faces hidden behind folds of linen, their eyes peering out and half smiling at Christian nariosity and modem trousers. Slaves with bare backs togging at their work; soldiers, counterparts of onr men-at-arms, with long beaunpoe pans slang over their shoulders; Iunters, with baskets of rabbits and partridges'; and many other comical and interesting figures of haman3ty play their parts in the panorama of the African Orient. "Oat in the spacious market-place were crowds of people seemingly doing nothing but existing, and yet many hidden currents coorsed beneath that moving sea of turbans and fezzes. The Moors appear stupid and meek, but they wear a mask, and behind it they keep up a tolerable thinking. Artisans ply their trades in dingy holes and cellars, and the traders sit cross-legged in their caddy-houses, wearing on their swarthy faces an expression of utter unconcern-and yet, just begin trading with one, and in a oaoment you will be surrounded with a roct ferous chamber of commerce, and then you will understand how much there is behind the Moorish mask." Not content with the canonicalal saup the Norwegian fiords, this untiring traveller pur chases a horse and trap and devotes himself to an exploration of the interior. Occasionally he has to put up with very primitire acommoda tion. A .rrOuwEGC. BED-noo3L "While the Norwegians are sturdy of stature, their beds are amusingly dwarfed and strangely made up. A novice may expect at any moment to find himself in a lunmp, painfully contorted and ebling in every joint, with the bed-clothes on the floor. It is a complete collapse. A generation of travellers had complained ofthis anomaly in housekeeping, until the guide- bookls m?e to the rescue and told how to make one's bed. Those to the manner born put in awedge under the pillow, but we are instructed to re maove 'the same, and then tuck in the clothes tightly anl 'riund, a proces which, after a few trials, becomes efficacious in carr ing the sleeper safely through the night Another peculiarity consists in hanging the looking-glass so high 'hkying' it, in fact, as if it were a doubtful painting-and compelling the matutinal razor to perform blood-curdling evolutions. Whenever I mentioned these indigenous things, the good people of the house manifested great surprise but no pity, and left me to undertake any reform I deemed proper." As a rule, the writer contents himself with telling what he sees, making little or no pre tence to histerical, antiquarian, ortopogrphieal knowledge beyond the local lore that is current coin among, tourists.. Deing an American h ntrall knockseh a good deal of fan onut of his European experiences. The drollery is mostly in the incidents, not in the relation. Midnight Sunbe ii; or, Bita of Nterel throgla t? honedof tAcsrorean: By Edwin Coolidge imball. (London and Paisley: Alex acder Gardner.)-" MidnightSunbeams"is also the work of an American tourist. It is asketch of a journey through Sweden, Norway, and Denmark. The sail from Treondbjeim to the Nirth Cape is not all poetry, however, and a visitto a whal-oil factoy affords material for realistic description in the sphere of the loath' snme, The salmon diet, supposed to be one of the nttraetions of the ford trip, seems to have been rather overdone on the North Cape steamer, Kong Halffdan. a. LWArs snox. . h 'Almost the first word the tourist willlearnm in Norway is Laz (salmon), for he is absolutely certain to sei pon thei? table every.day dring his stay in the oantry.? ,During our steamer trip we wekd sei9?rdi f salmn' three times daily; it cime spon the table, bkild, fried, beeiled and~-smoted;wg' re " s ersee with salmon salad;. salmonjelly, and salmot padding. 'o The puddins t6.o ,leffd'arrero.f thel Ear wegian .ook's irt The flah is fret separated from the boneia.mt.inta.smatpieoa, nod sar. beiaj chopped fine is mixed with eggs, milk, i teaour, seasoned with salt and pepper, and bailed inn moeld. It is genecally made eoem salmon and cod or hallihbt arranged in layers, and as it appears epon thetable it looks like a wccisgated'Italisn t -imit'obi?h-.mana. Its conasistency is somewhat firmer than the last, snd as we ate it for the first time at dinner, amed after the soup, ao wer lfll of wondenid and questioning as atowhat it could.be.. A lotabitel r or shrimp anoee is eaten with ;it, and it forms a palatahi dish; we did'not relish it is wlllsponits t econd appaane at mapper ect into iees isad fried., "rThc amnoked salmon is uncooked, and is cured and prepared. much like smoked halibut. It always graces the brecakft' table, and we be emd qiteo fond of it, although nmany dislike it S''otwithtza?ning the fact that the Norwegian arobsare-osenideree-- hbeseist-thewoldeear wd idt nt~De$ ndijdileilita i o tst the listn ports, where they had been taken frish fiom the water, yet after sifting dowr to thirty-three mearlsin souccession awhere LaZ is some ornar always one of the constituents, we must confess lshat, thbough we started upon the voyage with a great fondness for;eksmoom,,t its end Lus had lost all its esii aes ,,:c:s. A visit to the Svartisenulsler s one of the supreme delights of the expedition. g t ;:' "Aswealseod amidthis oficenstsseer we proceeded "np a marrsow joad, where the glorions cight of the Svartises gluirbrirtc pon our view. .s'hevartisen is the seedon laisge glacier in Norway, an enormons mantle of snow and ice forty- four miles long and covering a space of !sxty-two sq?are ;miles, spread out ulpon a plateau thousands of feet high, from i?-iolh potrude snowy peks." som this planteau descend eevmralglad ers between the mountsins, and we now viewed the one which descends the nearest to the sea. The bright afternoon soan shone uponr this grand glacier, which for ages has been moving slowly downward, until its glittering mass of snow and ice extends almost to the blue water. Nothing could be more beautiful than this pure-whitecongealed strea, as we iew its course, flowing from the grat ice-fields above, amid its dark framing of barren rck, down to the green slops at the baseof the mountains. "We landed in small boats upon the rocky shore and started to walk to the glacier, but the distance, which from the steamer seemed buhot a few rods, length'cned into over a mile. After two days of confinement upon thesteamerit was a great pleasure to walk along the rocky shore, gathering shells, sea-moss, and new and strange fliwers blooming upon grassy slopes just beysnd the rocks. At last we stood at the base ol the glacier,. which towered above us more than thirty feet ; great pieces of ire had been brhken off and stood detached in pools of water, or were piled against each other; as far as we could see, the surface of the glacier was of pure white, in great contrast with the Swiss glaciers, so soiled and dirty from piles of stones and great moraines. As we looked down the deep crevasses penetrating into the recesses of the glacier, we found that the ice was a beautiful dark blue, rivalling in tint the bluest of skies. We climbed op the glacier a short distance, but found it too difficult and dangerous an under taking, and were content to walk along its margin, lost in wonder before this great crysta? storehouse. "In beauty and grandeur the Svartisen glacier far exceeds anything we had seen in Switzer land; even the fine glaciers about .Pontresina, Zermatt, Chamonix, Grindelwald, and those that sweep around the base of the tegiskhorn, are surpassed by this pure-white glacier in the far North. We were rowed back to the steamer after two hours upon land, and as we sailed away e watched, until the last moment the wonderful Ssrtisen, which was one of the most beautiful sights of the whole trip." This.favoured excursion party had the crown ing good fortune to get a. clear view of the midnight sua from the North2 Cape, a hoon often withheld from the. most appreciative voyagers. - ' 