EREE AT LAST! T CHAPTER XXVIII. AN ADVERTISMENT QUICKLY ASBWERED. t ' The governess will sing and play I for you, dear Aunt Wroat, said Mrs E Blight. * She has orders to obey you during your visit, and you can command her at any or all hours.' 'Then send her to me in half an hour. Charles you can carry me up stairs.' a The lawyer obeyed the intimation, I carrying the old lady to her-own room, and depositing her in her arm-chair. b The maid was in attendance, and the lawyer and his wife bade their guest an affecting good- night, and retreated a to the drawing-room, to speculate upon their prospects and the state of Mrs Wroat's health. ' Shut that door, Peters,' said the ' old lady. ' And you might open the windows and air the room after those ' people's presence.' Peters obeyed. She was wont to ' humor all the whims of her mistress. I1 'Did you find them the same as c usual, ma'aml' she asked. a ' Just she same Peters,' and the old lady sighed. ' They call me 'an old d cat' and a nuisance' in whispers, and I ' dear Aunt . Wroat' out aloud. f Miserable hypocritesl I wanted to I give .them a last chance, but they have ruined their prospects with me. a Bahl A pair of fawning, treacherous cats! They will never get a penny of my money beyond a guinea to buy a mourning ring.' ' What shall you do, ma'aml Leave your money to a charityl. 'No I won't do that. I wont I have .it scattered and doled out in sixpences and shillings, when the whole sum might go to enrich some deserving person. I'll leave you an 3 annuity, Peters. You're the only I true friend I have on earth.' " The woman caressedthe withered i hand of her old mistress with genuine t affection. 'Have you. given up all hope of 1 finding your own relatives, ma am' she asked. ' You tracked your niece I until after her marriage with a corn chandler, and have discovered that she died leaving one child, a daughter, and that her husband died'also. The girl may live, ma'am. She'sthe last of your blood, and surely its better to give to your kin than to undeserving connections or to strangers.' i' But-I can't find the girl,' sighed the 'old lady. 'I'd adopt her and leave I er my money, if she was deserving of. ; but I've set detectives to look for r, and they have failed to discover ything except that h.r moonstruck i rents named her 'The Veiled phet,' or ' Llla Rook,' or some Ondoh other'was a lady-an that sh -had - taught music, or drawing, or something. But she may be dead by this time.' ' We might advertise for her,' cried Sthe maid, all enthusiasm. ' We could say, if Miss So and So would call at Ssuch a place, she would hear of some thing to her advantage. I do wish yon would leave your money to some nice youug lady, instead of these people below. I'll write the advertisement Simmediately. What is the na-ne of your great-niece, Mrs Wroat 1' SIt's hubla Khan, or Lalla Rookh Bird,' answered the old lady.- ' There was a crack in my niece's brain, as was shown by her marriage with a corn-chandler, and by the naming of her-child. I wonder what kind of a , Bird the cornachandler was,' and Mrs Wroat laughed queerly. ' He left his daughter not one penny to bless hero self with. Write the advertisement, Peters, at once.' .Peters brought out her mistress's portable writing, desk, and sat down before it to pen the required advertise ment.. Being unused to composition, she spoiled a dozen sheets of paper before she produced the following, which she read aloud to her mistress 'Is Miss Lalla Bird will apply to the undersigned she will hear of something to her advantage.--a.,, W., .o.-, Mount-street, London, W.' ' That will do,' cried Mrs Wroat, delighted. 'M. W.-Maria Wroat, Very good. We'll have it in all the London papers. Make a dozen copies of it, and address them to a dozen different papers. You shall get the ,post-office orders to put with them in the morning. But let us see if the advertisement wants any improving. » Read it again.' The maid did so. As she concluded, and before she could speak, the adver. tisement was answered, for a low knock was heard at the door, and the young governess, in her black dress, and with s her young face pitiful in its sadness, e entered the room, and said, shyly, and with a low courtesy 'If you please, ma'am, I'm the governess, and Mrs Blight sent me in to play to you. My name is MissI e Bird, OH HAPTER XXIX. LALLY AND MBS. WBOAT. ;_ The simple and business-like ,f announcement of her name by Mrs 1 Blight's young governess to Mrs 1o Blight's eccentric guest produced a fl sensation as startling as unexpected to e Lally. Mrs Wroat uttered a strange exclamation, and leaned forward on her staff, her black eyes staring at the young girl in a piercing gaze, her ry hooked nose and her chin almost meet \- ing, and her shrivelled lips mumbling 1 excitably an inaudible whisper. The 1 old lady's eagerness and agitation e were shared by her maid, who stared se at Lilly with a wondering and in.. R credulous gaze. lie Mutual explanations followed, and of the advertisment was shown to Lally, ' who exclaimed o *'This meant for met I-I don't a understand. Or is there some other L sly Bird' 'No danger of that,' said Mrsi Wroat. ' There were never two women in this world so silly and I moonstruck as your mother-never, two women who named their girls i Lalla Rookh. Pah! what a name But for fear your mother was not tha only goose in the world who married I. Bird, just answer me a few questions What was your father's name, and what was his businessT J ' He was a corn chandler in the City and his name was John Bird,' answered Lally, quite bewildered. ' And what was your mother's name before her marrisgel' ' Olara Mulford Percy.- Mrs Wroat gave a queer little gasp, and her hands trembled, and she looked at her faithful attendant in a sort of triumph. 'Do you hear that, PetersT' she whispered. 'Do you hear it I say?' Then she added aloud, 'Go on, girl. Who was your motherl' ' She was the daughter of a country gentleman who,--?aned an -estate in IHampshire. Thfh were several chiliren besides my mother, but they all died young and unmarried. The , estate was entailed, and went to a distant relative. My mother married my father against the w-ishes of her friends, and was disowned by them for her mesalliance.' 'And very properly too, I should say. If a girl chooses to descend from her proper rank in society as a gentle., man's petted daughter, and take to living in a back room behind a corn- I chandler's shop, she can't expect her friends to follow her,' said Mrs Wroat, with some energy. 'And you were her.only childl ' Yes madam.' ' Any relatives liring?' 'No madam. My mother died young. My fathsr lived to give me a good education, and then died in, solvent, leaving me dependent upon my own exertions when I was less 1 than sixteen years old. My father was a tradesman, humbly born, madam., but he was a gentleman at heart.' SSo poor Olary said. Humphb So. you've no relatives living, eh?' 'None whom I know, madam. The present holdec'of my grandfathers estate in Hampshire is my distant relative, but he knows as little of me as I know of him. And-and,' added Lally, suddenly trembling, as if a suspicion of the truth were dawning upon her soul, ' I have a great-aunt in London-she was my mother's aunt-who married a banker, and is now a widow, if she still lives. She must be very old.' 'About my age,' said Mrs Wroaest, her eyes snapping ; 'just about my age. What was her name T ' Her name was Maria Percy, when girl. She was married many years afore my mother was born, and she m o ut?o hers agodmqtser... I don't , ow he tmarried nanuii. If I ever ard it I have forgotten it.' ' Then I'll tell it to you,' said the old lady. 'Her present name is Maria Wroat. Her home is in Mount-street, London. And at this moment she sits before you, taking stock of you.' Lally grew pale, and her black eyes opened to their widest extent. 'You-you my aunt ?' she ejaculated. 'So it seems, my dear. I've been seearching for you for some time. And so you are Clara's child I You may kiss me if you w nt to, my dear.' Lally approached the old lady with some hesitation, and' bestowed a kiss upon the proffered wrinkled cheek. Then she shrank back in a sort of affright, wondering at her own temerity. 'HSit down,' said the old lady, kindly. ' I have a few questions to ask you, and on your answers depend more than you know of. Girl, how old se. you ?' 'Seventeen years, ma'am.' 'And I'm eighty-one of us at the \- beginning. the other at the end of life! Heigh.ho I And so you're governess here I' Lally replied in the affirmative. ' No wonder you look sorrowful and e pale and woebegone,' muttered Mrs 7 Wroat. 'To be governess of the young Blights is a horrible martyr dom. Don't you think so ? And isn't it martyrdom to be under the orders of that odious, vulgar, garrulous- Mrs e Blightt' , 'When I came here,' said Lally, a agitatedly. 'I had no home on earth. e I was out of money, out of clothes, n and utterly friendless. And so madam, e I am very grateful to Mrs Blight. for Sshelter and a home, and I cannot con sider any service that gives me these, , a martyrdom. Besides, Mrs . Blight advanced me. five pounds, -my first k quarter's salary, and I have eighteen g shillings remaining: h 'Humph! Eighteen shillings be ;, tween you and the union. Look me d in the eye lally,' The young girl obeyed, and looking Sinto Mrs Wroat's piercing eyes with a steady, honest, unflinching gaze, al. Is though the colour flattered in and out of her cheeks as a bird flatters in and out of its cage. 'Have you ever done anything in your life of which you are ashamed? e asked the old lady, in a low voice S 'No ma'am, answered the girl truth re fully, ' I never have. a What do you think of her PetarsT o ' [think ma'am as you'd ought to e take her and adopt her, and make her n your heiress; that's what I think, poor e pretty dear.' r 'Show; your sense Peters,' said Mrs t Wroat, 'You're a woman of a g thousand, Peters, and I'll double the re annuity I'm going to give you. Girl n come and sit here on the itool at my c feet. SLally came forward and sat down as directed. d ' I am alone in the world, except for , my good old Peters,' said Mrs Wras' with a quivering voice, 'and I am near t the end, my 'dear. Imay live week. r or it may be months; but the time is short.I likejou, Lally,andI ams goa ing to adopt you, and make yo my! heiress. You shall change your me n to mine, and be known as Lalla oat, d and at my death you shall inhe my a fitty thousand pounds; and all I k of ° you, Lally, is to love me a little and ° try to be a daughter to me. I ever had a daughter of my own.' Lally raised the old lady's hand t reverently to her lips. f ' I am afraid all this happine is no or me, madam,' she said, bravel ' I am not what you think me, a d you may set deem me fit to inhorlt your wealth. I-I have been marriel .' 'Peters, the girl's head is tur ed.' No, ma'am, I speak the truth. I am pure in the eight of heaven, but I am a disowned wife.' 1 SA wife-at seventeen r - - Lalla nodded mournfully, and then told her simple story, already known to the reader. 'So the young man is poor, but of good birth and connections, and univer sity bred 1' commented Mrs Wroat. 'Well, Lally, my opinion is that your husband is notifree from you, but that he will have to have recourse to law to secure his freedom. We'll consult my London lawyer when we get up to town, and we'll see about the young man. I'm afraid he's a poor stick; but we'll see -we'll see. I hav'n't changed my mind about adopting you, and I sha;l immediately assume a guardianship over you. You will quit Mrs Blight's service to-morrow. Peters, how soon can we go back to town ' I Before Peters could answer, the door opened from without, and Mrs Blight entered. Her glances fell upon Lally, who was still.sitting at the feet of her great- I aunt, and Mrs Blight's face showed her surprise and displeasure. 'I didn't hear the piano, dear Aunt Wroat,' she exclaimed, ' and I feared my governess might not have obeyed my order and come in to you.' The old lady's yellow and bony') hand was stretched out and laid caress ingly on Lally's black hair. ,I was talking to the child Laura,' she said. ' I have been hearing her history. Don't you remember that I I've been trying for years to find my neice, Clara Bird, or her childrenl Well, this girl is Clara's child.' A look of fear and anger disfigured, Mrs Blight's face. The girl became upon the instant a terror to her. S•Aunt Wroat, said the lawyer's wife hastily, this girl is a mere impostor that 1 took in out of charity. She has deceived you Miss Bird go to your room at once. To-morrow . morning you leave my house.' 'Peters said Mrs Wroat quietly give me my purse. Peters brought a plethoric pocket. book from her mistress's travelling. bag, and the old lady tdok out a five. pound Bank of England nsiot. ' Give that to Mrs fligh, Peters continued the old lady,calmly.. Mrs Blight, that is the amount you ad vanced to my great-niece when she entered your service. And here are twenty pounds to reimburse you for any expense I may have put you to. I am not so deaf but that I heard that you consider me' an old cat,' and an 'old nuisance.' This young lady is my adopted daughter and future heiress, and when you order a cab for her in the morning, you may let the boy come up for my luggage also. I shall go with my adopted daughter.' OHAPTER XXX. NEVA AND HER ENEMIES. Neva Wynde and her enemies had arrived in London by the morning express train from Canterbuty, in the care of Mr and Mrs Craven Black, .land from the moment in which she emerged with them from the railway station all clue to her movements was suddenly and mysteriously lost. I What had become of her? How i had she so singularly disappearedl These questions, which filled the souls of Neva's lover and guardians I with such unspeakable terror and s anxiety, and which they so singularly B failed in their efforcts to solve, we now purpoe answering for the benefit of t the reader. f On alighting from the crowded a morning train, Mr Black hurried his bride, her maid, and Neva into a waiting cab, and gave the order to be driven to . avesend, adding more explicit directions in an undertone. He then entered the vehicle, and it r rolled away from the station. \- Where are we going, Mrs Black I asked Neva looking from the cab t indow. ' I fancied Mr Black said' tl Gravesend. 1'So bhe did my dear,' said Mrs Craven Black, placidly 'Didn't I tell that we are going to Yorkshire by water 1 September is such a lovely month, and this is such lovely weather and its quite the thing to take a sea Strip for a bridal tour, and I prevailed upon Oraven to charter-is not that bthe word --a beautiful little yacht I which we are to have three months it we want it. We shall have a glorious Svoyage down the Thames and up the I Ohannel, and through the great, German Ocean. The very idea stirs all my love of romance. Doesn't it affect ) ou in the same manner I' 'But Wynde Heights is not near the sea, objected Neva ia asurprise,. ' It's not two hours diitant by rail, r and it will be delightful to get up yacht ing parties by ourselves, and go off for a two days' excursion; don't you think Sso? Don't throw cold uter upon my Slittle plans for happineas, I beg of you, I my dear Neova,' cried .Mre Craven Black, imploringly. * here is no reason why we shouldn't be perfectly Shappy, if you won't itrgoseobjec ions. Nova.' r Thus adjured, Neva k care to I 'interpose' no more obj ctions. She r had no liking for nor tat in Craven I Black, but Mrs Oraven saok had been a her .tather's beloved nd honored lwi, ad Nevai stil'blieved in her. That the pair could mean her harm l never once occurred to her. Neither u did she realize how completely she was in their power. She had left her , maid at home, at Mrs Black's solib ij citation, the latter declaring that one i maid would suffice for both, and that h she especially disliked heggy West the girl who attended upon Neva. Thus the young heiress of Hawk hurst was absolutely friendless and helpless in the hands of her enemies. They had a long drive to Gravesend. e On arriving at their destination, they t alighted at a pier at which a small boat with two oarsman was lying. These men wer3 dressed in blue sailor t costume, each having an arrow em. broidered on the breast of his jacket. Craven Black went up to them, accosting them familiarly. 'What boat do you belong tot' he demanded. 'To the Arrow sir, lying out yonder,' said one of the men, pointing to a graceful yacht lying on the stream, her sails unfurled, and looking ready for flight. 'We are waiting for Mr Craven Black.' ' I am he. It's all right my men. Octavia, my love, let me assist you into the boat. Miss Wynde this way.' The maid was left to scramble in by. : herself. The luggage was deposited in the boat. Mr Black took his seat, and the rowers pulled off for the yacht. The process of transferring passen gers and luggage to the deck of the Arrow was speedily and safely accom plished. Mrs Black was ecstatic in her commendations of the arrangements of the little vessel, and occupied the attention of Neva while Mr Black con versed with the sailors and their cap I tain, and the vessel was got under way. The Arrow was by no means a new vessel; but she had been recently painted and fitted with sails, and pre" sented a- very trim appearance. She was of about-twenty tons burden. She had belonged to a member of the Royal Yacht Club, . but had been advertised,to be sold for a com paratively small sum, her o ener having had built for him a vessel of greater size and speed, Craven Black had seen, a week before, the advertisment offering the. Arrow for sale, and warranting her ready to put to sea at an hour's notice, and- a .part of the business of Mrs Artress in town had been to purchase the vessel. Among his friends of high and lowS degree, Craven Black possessed one who was thoroughly disreputable, but who : had proved useful to him at too many periods of his life to be thrown aside. This person had formally been a lawyer, but had been stricken from the rolls for illegal or dishonourable practices, and was a needy hanger-on and parae site of Craven Black. This person had been called upon to assist Mrs Artress in the examination of the yacht; and. had purchased the boat in his own, name, paying therefore a sum of mohey I e provided by Mrs Craven Black out of a the jointure acquired by her marriage r with Sir Harold Wynde. The ex ,. lawyer had also engaged three exper ,t ienced sailors, one of whom had been a a mate on an Indian vessel, and whom is he hired as captain of the Arrow, and e these three men were now in charge of r the little yacht. e These sailors, we may as well men I tion here, had been chosen for other qualifications than good seamanship. The ex-lawyer, in the days when he had been qualified to practice his profession, had been called upon to defend the d three against a charge of mutiny, pre. g ferred against them by their captain Le The charge had been proved, they had been convicted, and were now fresh ,e from two year's imprisonment. The Sexr-lawyer bad come upon them at a t drinking shop after their release, and only a few days before, and' knowing w their reckless character, had engaged them for a cruise in the Arrow. te Such was the character of the sea ls men in charge of the yacht, and in d such manner had the yacht itself been y acquired by Craven Black. w As the vessel moved forward down of the stream, the sails filling, Mrs Black said to her young charge d ' Let us go below, Neva, and take a s look at our quarters. The luggage a and my maid have already gone down.' ,~ Neva assented, and the two went re into the cabin, which was found to be e. newly fitted up, and smelling un it pleasantly of fresh paint. The cabin was small, affording room only for 'the :1 table and divans around it; but there Lb were three neat little state rooms dl, newly carpeted, and newly furnished with mattresses, blankets,- bed linen, rs towels, camp chairs, and all toilet Il appurtenances. One of these state rooms was ly appropriated to Mr and Mrs Black, sr the second by Neva, and the third was .a assigned to the maid, a French woman, d completely won to the intereats of her at mistress. It , We shall be very comfortable here if Neva,' said Mrs Black, with afiected s gayety. 'The sea air will bring the is roses to your cheeks. I think you'vpe t, not been looking well lately.' ra 'I wish you had told me that we it 'were to go to Yorkshire by sea,' said Neva, gravely. r 'How could I suppose, my dear child, that you cared whether you I, went by train or by boat ' demanded. I- Mrs Black, in seeming uenrpriset r Your dear papa told me once that k you were a fine sailor, and I planned iy his voyage as a little surprise to you , --that's the truth. Neva.' • 'You are very kind,' said the young no girl, 'but I would have preferred to ly know it beforehand. My friends will Sbe anxious about me if I do not write as soon as I promised.' -o 'Your friends? and Mrs Black s arched her brows. *Are we not your n friends 1' n 'You are, madam, I trust; but you i are not my only friend.- Ileave those r. bdhinda rmwho are dint to'meP s who have a right to know my move' a ments.' Mrs Black looked significantly down upon the great diamond that sparkled in limpid splendour upon Neva's finger. She had noticed the jewel before, but had refrained from alluding to it. • Is that ring the gift of one who has a right to know your movementsI' she asked, smiling. Neva blushed, but gravely'assented. 'It is from Rufus Black 1' asked the elder lady, well knowing to the con'. trary. 'No, madam,' said Neva, bravely, 'it iq the gift of Lord Towyn, and is the emblem of our betrothal.' Mrs Black bit her lip fiercely, but made no response. There was a hard ness in her glittering eyes, and a cruel compression of her lips, that boded ill for the engagement thus proclaimed to her. At six 'o'clock dinner was .served. The swinging lamp was lighted in the cabin, which looked as comfortable as a yacht cabin can be made to look. There is, .at best, a dreariness about a ship's cabin or state m which no art can conquer." Ane -tis.cabinwkas 'no exception to the rule:. eva' was glcad to throw a shawl around her and go out again upan the deck. The moon was shining when she sat down at one side of the boat in' her folding deck chair, and the pale flood of silvery light illumined the white capped waves, and the dark 'abysses of the waters, the sails of vessels making into port, and the dusky little steamers, making. the whole scene a picture full of glorious lights and shadows, but a scene that seemed a picture rather than a reality. The yacht tas out mn the North :ea now; battling with the short chopping waves, but impelled onward by a - fine breeze. She was well ballasted, sea Worthy, and a swift sailer. What more could be desired by the guilty pair whose hearts beat exultantly:'at their evil success, a; they. regarded the' unconscious victim of their machina. tions . • -After a short consultation,; Mrs Black relinquished her husbanb's arm, and went to Neva's side, taking a deck chair, beside her, and gradually drew from her the fact that Lord. Towyn had the forged letter. She thin reiterated her injunctions to Neva to marry Rufus Black, telling her thit' it was nolonger--simply her wish but r: her command. Neva's pure, proud face looked very white' in the moonlight,: as she P answered-' 'Then I must fail in my obedience to you now, Mrs' Black. Papa'did a not desire me' to obey unreasonable I, commands to the deetruction of my own happiness; he would consider you n unfaithful to the charge he gave you, : could he know that you are urging me Sto 'marry Rufus Black. ",-Myyrejection o of Riifus was inal; yI' We will- see I. said' Mrs Black compressing her lips. " e In her angry mood, Octavia walked away, joining her husband, on the r- opposite side of the deck. Neva a leaned over the low railing, her face n upturned to the stars, and murmured, d 'Perhaps- perhaps, after all. she ,f forged the letter.' flow strange she seems to-night-I fear her ! I wish 1- I had not come with her. A .terrible er gloom is on my soul to night. P. That gloom grew heavier and darker, d and the'pure face grew whiter and e, moresorrowful as the time went on, te and the yacht. bowled on towards'the northward, bound-ab, whither I ,d OHAPTER'XXXI. WHERE NEVA'S TRAVELS ENDED. a Neva sat until a late hour upon the d deck, watching the play'of the moon g light on the waters, the' leaping white 'd furrow ploughed by the Arrow as she sped onward over the waters on her a- way to the northward. n The prophetic gloom settled down 'n yet more darkly upon the young girl's soul. At a late hour thetyoung heiress n went to her statearoom, and having Ik dismissed her maid crept into her narrow berth, leaving her lantern on a the wall burning. She could not sleep. ;e A feverish unrest was upon her. The first shadow of distrust of Octavia it Black had flung its gloom across her )e pathway. n- At last she fell a sleep; but her in slumber was not refreshing, and she he was looking very pale and worn, when, re after a careful toilet in the morning us she came out into the cabin. ed The breakfast was spread upon the n, table, and Mr and Mrs Oraven Black et were seated upon a divan, conversing in whispers. They started guiltily at as Neva's appearance, and Mrs Black k, cried out gayly as 'Good morning, .my dear. You n, are a laggard this morning. It is ten er o'clock, and I have already taken a constitutional on deck. 'It's a fine re bracing air.' ed 'I hope I have not kept.you wait. he ing,' said Neva courteously. re 'Did you think us barbarous enough to eat our breakfast before your re coming ' cried Craven B!ack, with id exaggerated courtesy. Sorry not to see you looking better. Did you pass ar a pleasant night I' n' I did not sleep very well,' answered d. Neva quietly. 'I suppose we shall st sleep at Wynde Heights to- night ' she at added, after a pause, forcing a cheer d fulnesa she did not feel, ' We must to reach Yorkshire, at our present rate of sailing, long before evening. Do ig you purpose landing at Scarborough to or Whitby, Mr Black T she asked. ill 'Both are railway stations, and we to can go on to the Heights without delay.' k The husband and wife exchanged ir significant glances. ' Nev dear,' said Mrs Black i caressingly, ' would you care it we did e not goto Wynde Heightsa You 4 know the place so little, a4' have no acquaintances in the neighbourhood, and I have none, and I dread 'a' visit to the Yorkshire dower-house as some thing dull and stupid .beyond com% parison.' Neva looked at the speaker withY startled eyes, ' Are we not on the way to Wynde Heights, Mrs Black I she- demanded, in surprise.. "Yes dear, if you insist upon adhering to "the. strict letter, of our original plan,' answered Mrs -Black. 'But I am sure you will not be so hard-hearted and cruel. I no' louger want to go to Wynde Heights, and Craven thinks that a stay there would be a bore; but of course, if :you. insist upon it, we will. sadrifice our own pleasure for yours.' . 1eva struggled with her bewilder, ment..- - mI supposed we were on our .way to Wynde Heights,' she said; but do not suppose 1 desire to go there, if'you prefer to go elsewhere. It is your wish and pleasure, Mrs Black, that" must be consulted. Would you prefer a watering-olace, or a visit to the Germain CL -il SNeither,' said Mras Blck. 'Iam so reliev.d, dear Neva, for I feared you would oppose my wishes, and I think if a woman ought ever to have her own way, it should be on her bridal tour. Craven has been telling me of the only piece of property he ownsin the world, a worthless 'old Highland estate, valueless except for the shooting, with a dear -old tumble, down house which no.one will rent, and I fairly long to see it; It's quite natural, I think, for. a bride to desire to visit her husband's property,-and this came to Craven through' his Scottish ancestors, the Macdonalds, and it has a host of curious legends and ghost stories, and such a charming romantic name- Wilderness-that I am impatient to get there; and Craven Says, if you do not object, we will go on to Wilderness.' ' Where is this place I' asked Neva. ' In Rossshire. There are post-offices convenient, so that you can write back daily, if you like.' 'But our coming will beunexpected,' objected Neva. 'The servants at Wynde Heights are prepared for our coming, but no one will look for us at Wilderness.' 'There is an old couple residing there,' said Craven Black. ' and' everything will be done to make our stay pleasant at my old ,' Castle Rackrent.? Can I say nothing to melt the stern resolution I see expressed in your face, Mies Neval' ' September seems late for the High lands,' said Neva. ' , But this is exceptionally lovely weather,' urged Mrs Black. ' And we only went to stay there a week. . I see you mean to destroy all our pleasure,'. N eva, and condemn • us to follow'yonur SYou are mistaken,' said Neva, gravely, ' I have no desire to urge my I own wishes in the matter. This pro ject of visiting the Highlands takes me L by surprise, but I have nothing to urge 3 against it. I wish, however,' she added, , colouring, 'that you would land me. at some convenient point on the coast, and permit me to return to Hawk. hurst-' 'What! Alone and unattehded T cried Mrs Black.. 'You wish to desert us, when I count upon your companion- : ship and society ? If you insist upon returning to Hawkhurst, Neva, of course you can go, and we will go with you. But this selfish tyranny--for give.me is not like your generous self. I would not have believed you so -une gracious. ' My pleasure is quite spoiled. Craven, dear, let us turn back' to e London.' .Mr Black arose to go on deck. \- Neva detained him by a gesture, te her proud face flushiug. r ' You need not turn back on my account,' she said half haughtily. ' I n will accompany Mrs Black to 's Wilderness. I. have no wish to is appear ungracious, but you will re I member that my friends do not know r where I am, and may be anxious a'out n me.' p.' Oh Neva,' cried Mrs Black. re", te proachfully, are we not your. hbest s friends? But I am too happy in your .r concession to find fault with your phraseology. Craven, we will go to ir your dear old Wilderness, and if I like te it, I'll fit it up for a shooting box, and a, next year we will come up here the g gayest party that ever visited the ' land o' cakeb,' e Nova did not linger inthecabin, b hut went out on deck, and walked to Sand fro for exercise, . while her eyes t scanned the water and horizon. k The yacht was far out upon the wide North Sea, or German Ocean, a u mere speck in the wild waste of waters. n There were sails gleaming in the. a distance, in the clear September sun. e shine, but no shores were visible. The wind was blowing fair and free, the sky was clear, the air crisp and chilly, but, nevertheless agreeable. (h Tbecontinued.) 