' SOMETHING ROTTEN.' In tlie fourth sceno of the first act of the tragedy of Hamlet, Marcellus is made to say, as he witnessed the perturbation of his lord at the appearance - of- his .father's -ghost; ' Something is a'ot.ten/invthe state of; Denmark.' We may well .borr o \v his words and apply thenv jtoi our. own time 5 and country. Something' . must be -? rotten in , the colony ' of 'New South; Wales, vvlien the guilty go nnpunislied, and - so called j ustice is meted out not even-( handed, but in suclii a manner that' it becomes grotesque. Iir our much boasted system of jurisijrudencc Ave claim, but upon , what grounds ha ve; never been made very clear to tlie; critical student of that system, that all men are equal before our law, and yet to-day the entire commun ity ot the colony is shocked by oiie' of the grossest biitragesTipojniic. intention and spirit, if not upon the letter, of. the . criminal stat.ute. tluil; ever was perpetrated even in the days when the judges were cor rupt and tlie dread goddess was not blind. This is the shameful story : A teller in the bank of New Zealand leaves his post of duty at about half-past two in tlio afternoon, saying that lie is un well ancr that he will shortly return. He fails to do so in time toibalance liis cash account, which, when hurriedly examined, is found to show a very large deiicit. In quiry at his lodgings is made, and information gained that he had paid them a hurried visit and then departed as it lor a journey. The police are informed of tlie facts, and two days afterward the fugitivo is arrested in Melbourne travelling under an with some nino hundred pounds of his booty upon him. Further examination shows that tho total defalcation amounts to upwards of. thirteen thousand pounds sterling; The young man is penitent. Most thieves taken in the act of flight encumbered with stolen goods are penitent ; that is, tliey are sorry that they were caught, and so far as is in his power makes good tho stolon money. Con signed to jail, in due time ho conies before a magistrate and is charged with obtaining, by means of a wil fully false promise, from R. J. M'Kenzie cheques to the amount of £7000, with intent to defraud ; and further with embezzling certain chattels, moneys, and valuable securities to the value of £13,782 entrusted to him by the Bank of New Zealand. On a subsequent occasion, when before the magis trate, the solicitor for the prosecu tion said that he had no evidence to offer with regard to these cliargcs, and the accused was discharged. He was, however, then charged with falsifying the accounts of the bank to the amount, of £1547. A remand was granted until Tuesday, when the solicitor who appeared for his defence said that lie had made the fullest reparation in his power, had freely and openly confessed to the bank solicitor, and had given all the help in his power to get the evidence together, and the magis trate sentenced, him, tov six months' penal servitude:'1 It; is' difficult to write calmly- in— view- of—facts' --like these, but certain unanswerable in quiries will arise, and -will rbe ie pGated;untir those who ^araentriisted- by the people, with tlie duty of attending to such inatters will hear tli em. Wliy was the Crown not represented in a case of such mag nitude ? Jf. the larceny of nearly i fourteen thousand pounds is not of sufficientamportaiice^to ; receive the attention of the' public : '.prosecutor, what! crime, 'involving, the rightsr of property merely, is worthy his con sideration ? The fact that the bank interposed no objection to the course pursued by, tho magistrate has no bearing upon the case, for when ;tlie bank,- -finding/1 its?;; teller jand 'cash missingv appealed to the con stituted authorities lor assistance itf »vas out; of ^the; case altogether, except so far as. to give .'truthful | ^evidence upon the trial of the' pris- i oner. : If Thomas had been detected | in his. crime before his flight and ' the bank had agreed- with him.that upon tliC( return- of a portion .of the stolon money ho should go scot free this would have been a crime; known to the law as compounding i a; felony, s; Wherein lies the moral difference between such a coiiipro lnise'-and- the onefovideiitly^made, .that ^the*: prisoner should' r escape with only a nominal penalty ? Cer tainly none., _It .was .a -crime- by avoidance, if not by commission. Not only., is .this ^performance an outrage uponVpublic justice, but it i is - a ? premium upon crime. The next' dishonest' teller will take care to steal :-a -sufficient sum to enable him to make partial restitution and yet have' a goodlyi;sum; with;- which to., ;cpmpeiisate- ; liiin- / for- j a six months' sojourn in a house of de tention. i Unless .the present, administra tion -grapple with the1 subject, and by the enactment of laws which will preclude the possibility of such a^i, miscarriage of 'justice, another reason will ' be added; to the many, already existing for believing j it | utterly -corrupt, and for the people to demand that it vacate the I offices - which / it - disgraces and ! give way to men who will discharge t tlie duties devolving upon tlieni,' and not^allow. the colony, by a repe I'tit.ioiii of\ the^Thonias'/scandal, ! to become a by word among the civi lized nations of the earth. !- -e ' 