The Poisoned Key of Padua. Another delight fill rolio of tho life and times of tho t.viant of U'a simplijkey— nbout the s'zr. of ,\n ordinal} di or key. It was the key of the d'ike's library in liis private room. When he want.''' r! 1 of any of his suite or nuy person in tii3 r.t,.., 'hoi I that it.. I....I l.itf.-fMlmr.onnninBt.hnii 1 t m r! n rr bis beli and ask for Mr. John to bo . Mit to him — faucy name, of .course— .'.v. vhsn John entered the duke would say — 1 Oh, John, I wish you would go to the bookcase in my private room and bring me the ' Daynet Da lids.'' ' Certainly your grace,' Mr. John would Bay, nnd th:n away he would trot with the key ill his hand. When he got to Ihe library he would put tho key in the lock of the bookcase and turn it. But directly ho turned it, out of tho key shot a long, poisoned needle, which stabbed the hand o£ the holder, and instantly sbot back again, John would drop the key nnd say, — ' What ths deuce was that?' He would look at his hand and seo only a I Bmall, dark blue spot. He would think nothing of it, hut all of a sudden he would begin to feel queer in his head. Presently some one would come in nnd find him in a fit on the floor, and tho housobold would be alarmed. ' Mr. John has had a stroke or a fit,' tho people would Bay. A doctor would be Bent for, but his services would bo of no avail. In twenty-four hours Mr. John would bo dead, and. everybody would think that he had died in a fit. There wero no bothering coroners' inquestB in those days to upset the plaus of clever follows liko the Duke FranciB, 'Olarisa,' writes to nsk, ' What is tho best age for matrimony ?' That depends, Clarisa. Wccan hardly pre scribe without seeing the patient. For some girls we alumld t.naiver : ' Never for others: 'The age at whichyou get the first chance.' ' Why do you shake your head so despond ently, my friend?' asked a good brother at the camp-meeting. ' I'm afraid there is mighty littlo hope for me,' replied the penitent, brokenly. ' I'vo been au organiser of brass bands for twenty five years.' 'I can't sny tbat I'm stuck on Sue Fitz percy,' remarked Amy. ' She is liable to fly off the handle.' ?' Ves,' replied Mildred, mildly correcting her friend's slang. 'I too have observed her tendency to disassociate herself from the hilt with winged celerity.' ' I wonder that you dare to take so gTeat a risk as going up in a balloon,' said ayoung lady to an mronaut. 'There is but little risk, Miss, in going up,' replied the man of highflying ; ' it is the coming down that gives ub* the greatest anxietv.' A cat that plays tho piano is said to be the latest wonder. Tho creature's ex hibitions are in no way remarkable, however, when merely to bang nwny nt tho keys is termed, ns it is now, playing j the cat who could not be taught to do as well as that ought to bo shot. 'Did the closo resemblnnco between a ghost and a balloonist ever strike you ?' nuked the Snake Editor. 'No,' replied the Horse Editor. 'How do they resemble each other V' ' Woll, a balloonist is nn usronaut,' 'Yes ; but what is a ghost ?' ' It's an airy nought, too.' Patron : ' I wonder why a beard doesn't grow on my face.' Barber: ' I don't know. Perhaps the cause is hereditary.' ' I don't think so. My father had a mag uifiicent beard.' ° ' Perhaps so, but your mother hadn't, I knew her well.' ' And so yon. have brought my beautiful Alphunso home, have yon, liko an honest mnu, instead of keeping him yourself, as you might easily have done?' said the delighted lady as she fondled the poodle. ' Were you not Btrongly tempted to keep the darline oreature?' 'No mum,' replied tlfo incorruptible man, as he pocketed tho reward, 'It weren't no temptation. I couldn't have sold his hide or a shilling at this season of the year, mum.' Seedy Party (to barman) : 11 Gimme a gin fizz.' Barman ; ' Yes, sir. Do you want it ex« tra fizzy?' ' Seedy Party : ' No, extra ginny,' An exchange Bays we have a right to take an umbrella or a kiss without permission wherever we can. . Well, but if the umbrella isn't returned the fault ii ourt l M the kin iia't it lithe lady'*. 