Andrewlina. By J. S. Fletcher. Author of ' Across the Breakers,' ' Old Latimer's Legacy,' 'frank Carisbroke's Stratagem,' &c.; Chapter III.— MURDER. The whole thing had taken place so suddenly that - Martin Aylmer had no time to ciy out after that first warning to Leonard. He saw the young- man step back, eent out the alarming word too late, and watched the victim fall headlong down the open hoist ; and now he stood panting at his desk, almost too frightened and shocked to move. Simon Murgatroyd, too, waiting at. the door, had seen the accident. If he had chosen, he could have prevented it, for he had noticed that Leonard, in his excited description of the treasure vault, was retreating towards the dangerous spot. But Simon made no sign, ' gave no caution. He saw the young man fall, and then, without waiting to see what Martin Avlmer would do, he hurried away along a passage leading towards the cellars. Martin stood by hiB desk a full minute, his hand convulsively clutching hiB side. He was not strong, and anxiety had made bim subject to attacks of pains at the heart. He was struggling now with palpitation, and he felt as if a single movement on his part would kill him. A decanter full of water Etood on the desk behind him. His eye, wandering away from the hoist, caught sight of it. He poured out a glassful and put it to liis lips. The cold draught revived him. He walked across the floor, and, peering into the well of the hoist, called his nephew's name in faint accents. No answor came. The perspiration broke out in great beads on Martin Aylmer's forehead as he stood looking down the gloomy opening through which Leonard had fallen. He knew that it vt as almost impossible for any one to survive tho shock of such a fall. The hoist penetrated deep into the extensive collatings of the warehouse, and Leonard must have fallen a distance of 30 feet at least. Martin Aylmer, making a desperate effort to recover himself, hurried out of his private room and went along the passage by which (Simon Murgatroyd had fled a moment earlier. It led towards the back of the build ing, and terminated in a wide flight of steps leading to the cellars. Half-way along Ihe passage the merchant remembered that the' door of the staircase would be looked. He went back to his desk for the key and, le returning to the staircase, unlocked the door and went quickly down. He left the door at the head of the stairs opsh, and he had no sooner disappeared iu the gloom than Simon Murgatroyd, emerging' from a little room close by, slipped after him quietly, and followed him in the direction of the cellars. At the foot of tho stairs, Martin Aylmer struck a match. He was not over familiar with these nether regions of his establishment, and it was a tull m nute before he was able to make his way to the gns-bracket and throw a flood of light over the place. While he was engaged in feeling along the walls for the bracket, Simon Murgatroyd, who had taken off his shops and fttolen alter his matter in his stockings, passed behind him quietly, and took up a position beyond some bales ?if goods piled at the extreme end of tlie cellar. From this point of vanfo&e; the clerk was able to see every thing that happern d without being seen himself. Martin Aylmer turned up the £as-jct to its full . extent and looked fearfully round. The va-t cellar was filled with bales of goods and packing cases ; and these objects, together with the iron pillars supporting the roof, threw long shadows acrois the floor. But Martin's eyes, disregarding these, went straight to a spot where, at the foot of the opening of the hoist, his nephew's body lay still nnd apparently lifeless. He made his way across the floor, and dropped on one knee at Leonard's side. The young man had evidently fallen on his head, and was* now lying with his neck half-bent under his chest, while little streams of blood t-lowly oozing from nose, and mouth, and ears, gave evidence that, some teinble internal injury bad befallen bim, and probably caused instantaneous death. He lay perfectly still, not a muscle of his body quiver ing. Martin Aylmer took Leonard's hand in his own, and rapidly felt the pulse. I here was no movement to be detected. He dropped the hand with an exclamation of horror, and began to tear open the young man's coat and waistcoat. But when he had done this, and put his ear to Leonard's chest, he could detect no sign of life there. He turned the face round to the light. The mouth was partly open ; the eyes, fixed and staring, bore a horror- struck expression. To look at his face there was no doubt that Leonard Aylmer was dead. Simon Murgatroyd, peeping through a convenient opening in the bales, watched all this with eager eyes. He saw bis master approach the body and examine it hastily. He saw the expression of horror which came into Martin's face as he found that his nephew was lifeless. But he kept still within his hiding-place, and made no effort lo go to the merchant's assist ance. Martin's first impulse on finding that Leonard was dead was to rush away for the nearest surgeon. He started to his feet, and went hastily towards the stairs ; but at the door he stopped and hesitated. Simon watchcd him curiously, divining the object of his speedy retreat, and wondering what made Lim stop ; hut he himself remained perdu behind the bales of goods. Martin Aylmer stopped at the foot of the steps, and put his hand to his head with a hesitating, doubtful gesture. He stood in the same attitude for a moment, and then, coming back to Leonard's side, he knelt down again and began to examine the motionless body with greater care and exactitude. First he took Leonnrd's wrist between his fingers nnd felt, during what seemed several minutes to Simon Murgatroyd, lor any tign of the pulse. At last he shook his head and 'let the nerveless hand fall again. Then he listened a long time for the beating of the heart, the watcher behind the bales meanwhile follow ing his every movement with eager eyes and craning neck in his anxiety to lose nothing of what was taking place. A look of satisfaction spread over Simon's face when he saw Martin Aylmer at last lift his head from bis nephew's chest and shake it again despairingly. But the merchant had not quite exhausted his method of ascertaining whether all life had fled from the still body. He drew from his pocket a small mirror, and held it over Leonard's mouth. At the end of ^uite three minutes he raised the mirror to the light, lrom his hiding-place Simon Murgatroyd could see that it was undimmed, and so he had no more doubt that Leonard was dead indeed. Martin Aylmer put the mirror in his pocket again, and, rising from the dead body, began to pace up and down the floor. Once, twice, thrice he passed and re passed the pile of baleB behind which stood Simon Murgatroyd, and every time the gloom on hiB face grew deeper. His arms were folded across his chest, his head sank forward ; he looked aB if he were endeavouring to think out some knotty problem. Simon began to wonder what occupied his master's thoughts. At the end of ten minutes Martin Aylmer aga'n approached his nephew's body. He knelt down at its side, and, feeling in the breast-pocket of the coat, drew forth Leonard's pocket-book. Ho laid it down beside him- and began to search the other pockets. Out of one he took a purse, from another some papers. He put tho purse back, took the papers: and tne pocket book, and carried them over to the gas-bracket. From his hiding-place Simon Murgatroyd was able to follow Martin Aylmer's every movement as the latter opened the pocket-book. He saw him take out a thick wad of bank-notes and count them over. He saw him search the pocket-book for any further contents. Of these there were nothing more than half a sheet of notepaper covered over with letters and figures. Simon was not near enough-to-make these out, but he could see, beyond doubt, that the letters and figures formed a list of the numbers of the bankhotep» Martin Aylmer read the list through, and compared * it with the packet of notes. This done, he held the list in the gas-flame for an instant, and, throwing if* to the floor, watched it burn away. 'Good!' said Bimon to himself ; ' that is a good stroke of policy. I begin to see what hois after.' He followed his master's movements with renewed interest. Martin, having burnt the half-sheet of note paper, turned his attention to the packet of letters and papers which he had taken from Leonard's pockets. Some he bnrnt, some he laid by the side of- the bank notes; and it was evident that he was all the time revolving some plan in his mind. When he had finished looking through the papers, he put them in the jo.ktt- bpok, and restored the bank notes to the same receptacle. As he unbuttoned his coat in order to put Leonard's property in a safe place, Simon Murgatroyd stepped out from his hiding-place, and, coming Boftly across the floor, planted himself exactly behind his master. Tbe movement^ silent as it was, attracted Martin Aylmer's attention. . He turned sharply round, aud found himself face to face with bimon! For a full minute neither of the two spoke. Martin Aylmer, surprised in tbe very instant that he was. placing the pocket- book in his breast, remained as though transfixed, his eyes staring at Simon, his jaw dropped in confusion, his whole attitude tbat of guilt. Simon, on the contrary, was cool and self-possessed. There was an evil smile on his face, and his eyes looked cruel and crafty. He folded his arms and looked inquiringly at Martin. Simon spoke first. ' What,' he said in a low, confi dential tone — ' what am I to have, Mr. Aylmer F' - Martin stared at him. ' What are you to have El' he repeated, as soon as tptcch came to him. ' What . do you mean, man ? How came you here F' ' Never mind that,' said Simon, with a wave of the hand. ' Here I am, and 1 hat's enough for you. I repeat it— what am I to have?' ' What are vou to have for what ?' , Simon nodded significantly at the figure lying on the floor, and then point.d to the pocket-book, which the merchant still held in his hand. *' For keeping a quiet tongue in my head,' he said meaningly. Martin Aylmer sank down on one of the bales and wiped tbe perspiration from his forehead. ' Great heavens!' he cried hoarsely. ' You— you don't think I killed him, do you ?' 'No,' said Simon, with another evil smile; 'I know you didn't. I saw the fall.' ' You saw the fall V' ' Yes ; and I've watcliod you since. You've robbed the body, Mr. Aylmtr, and I guess you've some plan behind that. Now then, what am 1 to have ? — quick ! ' Martin Aylmer rose from his feat, and put the pocket-bcok in his breast. While Simon sjoke his face had grown composed. 'You're going to have nothing, Simon,' he said quietly. *' As to robbing the body, that is all nonsense. Who has more right to take charge of my nephew's effects than myself ? Stand out of my way.' Simon stepped aside. His master passed him and walked towards the body. ' 1 have yet to learn,' he said, turning suddenly to | Murgatroyd, ' what brought you back to the counting house at this time? 'Iliat, however, wo will settle to- morrow. At present you will help mo.' Simon bowed hi* licaL He .saw the mistake he had made, and was already thinking liow lie could re pair it. ' I beg your pardon, sir,' he began. ' The sus picious ? ' ' Tbat will do,' said Martin Aylmer. ' My nephew is quite dead, and we mu^t have the body removed. You had bettfr go out for help. Don't make any fuss about it. I would not have my daughter hear of it suddenly. Fetch l)r. Roberts, and let Inspector ltob son know at the police-office.' Simon Murgatroyd bowed again, watching his master with stealthy eyes. ' Very well, Sir,' he said, going towards the door of the staircase. He went up the steps, and Martin Aylmer sat down on a bale ot goods close by the dead body, and looked sadly at if. lie was wondering how he would be able to break ihe news to Cose. At the head of the stairs, Simon Murgatroyd stopped, and remained in silence for a minute or two. IIin face twitched, his hands worked convulsively. Be was cursing his stupidity for not wailing longer before speaking to Martin Aylmer. Suddenly ha staited forward, and went rapidly along ? the passage to his master's private room.' He crossed the floor to the desk, and, turning the key of a small drawer, drew it out, and looked with Btaring eyes at an object lying within it. The object was a small revolver. Simon Murgatroyd took the weapon out and examined it. He looked at the chambers ; they were all loaded. And he shut tho drawer again, and put the revolver in his pocket and went out of the room. In the hall out side he paused an instant and bent his head as if in thought. He walked across to the entrance door and opened it, Iett'ng it fall to again with a loud noise, and then he very carefully drew a heavy bolt across it. ' He will think I have gone out,' he muttered to himself. ' And nobody can get in now that the door is bolted. And now for it.' He went, picking his steps, along the passage to wards the cellar-stairs. His (stockinged feet made no sound on either stairs or passage, and he was in the cellar again, and close behind Martin Aylmer without the merchant knowing it. Martin Aylmer still sat on the bale near his nephew's body, his elbows resting on his knees, his face propped up by his hands. He had heard the sound of the street door closing, and was now waiting patiently until Simon should enter with help. And at that very moment Simon was creeping cautiously towards him with the revolver extended, and every nerve on the alert to prevent a sound. He came nearer and nearer, every footfall like a feather, until he was directly be hind his master, and could touch him. And then, without the ghost of a sound, he pressed the muzzle of the revolver close to Martin Aylmer's ear and fired. The merchant sprang; up, beat the air with his arms, and fell forward at his nephew's side, dead. Simon Murgatroyd remained leaning towards his victim's body, his eye fastened on it, till the report of the shot had died away. Then he bent down and put his hand on Martin's heart. There was no movement ; tho revolver had done its work too well. A sound startled him. He sprang up and looked at the other inanimate figure. And suddenly he became aware that Leonard Aylmer was not dead, but alive, and was regarding him with eyes full of horror and amazement. Chapter IV.— ANDREWLINA. Simon Murgatroyd Btood staring at Leonard for several minutes, his heart beating violently within him, his tongue sticking to the roof of his mouth. He had been so certain that the young man was dead that the shock was terrible, even to so hardened a wretch as Simon. Leonard's eyes, wide open, expressive of wonder and horror,' were turned full upon his uncle's murderer, -and. it seemed to the latter there was a look of accusation in them. But in spite of this Leonard madei no -movement nor uttered any sound. All that he did wjjs.to keep his eye fixed on .Simon's face. After tflong interval of silence tho murderer drew back and fetched a deep breath. He saw that Leonard was alive, bvit he also saw that all power of speech or movement had left him. lie passed his band aeross his forehead with an air of relief, and, turning away, began to pace up and down the cellar, still grasping the revolver in his hand. He was trying to decide what must be done with Leonard. Should he add another crime ~to his list? . Should ho make himself safe from detection by putting a bullet through Leonard's head or heart, and thus killing him without any doubt ? Presently he went back to the spot where the two bodies lay side by side. He knelt down by Leonard j and looked at him. And suddenly he started with surprise again, for .Leonard's eyes had once more closed, and he was to all appearance as dead as any man can be. Simon put his band on wrist and heart ; be got the mirror from M artin Aylmer's pocket and held it over the young man'-s mouth*. There- was not a flutter of pulse or heart, and the mirror remained undimmed. Simon rose to his feet and breathed again more freely. ' Thatwas it,' he murmured ; ' 1 might have known it if I hadn't been thrown off my guard. It was a case of the eyelids contracting — a common thing enough. As for the groan— why, it was my fanoy. No, he's dead— dead as the old man is. And 'now what shall I do with' them?' He had evidently so little fear of interruption that he sat down by tbe dead bodies, and thought out his plan of action thoroughly. He produced a cigar-case from his pocket, and began to smoke as coolly as if he had been sitting by his own fireside. And the cigar was nearly consumed before he rose and prepared to carry out his plans.- .. . . Producing a key from his pocket, he walked across to the extreme end of the cellar and unlocked a low door. A cold rush of air came through the opening. Simon twisted a sliest of paper into a' torch, and, lighting it at the gas-bracket, advanced into the dark dungeon-like recess beyond. He held the im provised torch above his bead and looked round. The hole was about ten fet square, cold and damp and dark, and had been cut nut of the rock. Whether it had been intended by the builders for any useful purpose no one could have said, unless' the idea was to use it as a coal or dust cellar ; but it had never been so used, and it was now wet and green with the damp of years. Simon Murgatroyd went back to the two ghastly figures, still puffing . his cigar, and looked -at them meditatively. Then he deliberately took off his coat^ laid his c:gar aside, and, putting his hands under Leonard's arms, began to draw him towards the recess at the end of the cellar. ' He is getting stiff already,' soliloquised Simon, as he pulled his burden into llie damp, evil-smelling hole, 'and he will be considerably stiffer before au hour is over. Ugh ! How cold it is ! What's that — rats ? Well, here's some supper for them.' lie let Leonard's body slip from his hands to the floor, gave it a touch with his foot, and, going out, locked ihe door behind him, and turned to tbe spot where Martin Aylmer's body lay in the attitude in which it had first fallen. Simon put en his coat again and lighted another cigar. To .fudge by his cool, business-like air and un embarrassed-manner, he was not yet visited by any feeling of sorrow and remorse. He proceeded lo turn . out his dead employer's pockets, sitting by the side ' of the body as if it had been a mere log of wood instead. of the terrible thing it was. Leonard's pocket-book and papers were the objects of Simon's attention. He looked inside the case to see that the notes were i» stain quo, and, that precaution taken, he translerred the pocket-book and papers to his own breast, buttoning his coat securely over them. . ' And now,' he said, looking carefully round, ' there's nothing to do but put the revolver by the otd fellow's hand, so that they will think he did it him self.' He took the revolver from his pocket, and laid it close to Martin Aylmer's nerveless lingers, placing it in such n manner thai it looked as though it had fallen from the dead man's hand immediately niter the fatal shot. As ho carefully selected its position Simon Mur gatroyd noticcd that tho floor was stained with blood in the place where Leonard's body had lain, lie tcrewed up anotLer sheet of pnper in torch fashion on seeing this, and, lighting it, proceeded by its aid to examine the ground over which he had dragged Leonard's body to the little cellar. He expected to find some drops of blood, but after going twice over the floor he could find nothing likely to indicate the lact that a man had been drawn along tho boards to a ter rible grave. Simon turned out the gas and went upstairs. A light was still burning in the private room, and the murderer entered and sat down at his victim's desk. He took up the pen which Martin Ay liner had used not an hour before, and, selecting a half-sheet of notepaper, wrote a few lines upon it with fingers that did not tremble for a second. But though the hand that wrote these lines was Simon Murgalroyd's, the characters in which they were written were Martin Aylmer's; for Simon was quite as much an adept at for? cry as at murder. This was what Simon Murgatroyd wrote and left on the murdered man's desk— ' 1 dare not face the crisis which is at hand. May God foigivc ine and protect my daughter.' lie laid tbe half-sheet of paper in such a position that any one entering the room would notice it at once, and, this done, he rose to go away from the warehouse. But before he reuched the entrance a thought seemed to strike him, and he went slowly back and added another line to what he had already written — 'Simon Murgatroyd, take care of my poor Rose.' Simon smiled when he had written this— a 6ly, crafly smile with something of the serpent in it. He laid the paper doun again, gave a touch ortwo to certain objects lying about the desk, and went out, leaving the gas burning. lie opened the front door, and, stepping outside, looked up and down the street before locking it. No one was in» Mght either way, and not even a solitary footstep seemed to be coming towards him. He turned ihe key in the lodk, skirled the block of buildings, and went down the first side street beyond. 'After all that,' he said to himself as he paused in a sheltering doorway to relight his cigar, ' I have well earned the right to go home and spend the rest of the evening in comfort.' The district through which Simon Murgatroyd nassed on the way to his house was, j udging by its houses and their inhabitants^ anything but a respectable and de sirable one. His way led first amongst huge manufac tories, from which came an unpleasant smell of wool and oil and smoke, made worse in some instances because the factory fires wtre still alight and the chimneys vomiting out great clouds of black smoke. Beyond - this he came to a densely populated region of brick cottages, built in prim, formal rows, all gloomy, matter-of-fact, and suggestive of toil never or rarely interrupted by pleasure. Alehouses, from the parlours of which came choruses trolled out in hearty Yorkshire fashion, were plentiful, and their landlords seemed to . be doing a roaring trade. Simon left the mills and the cottages behind him, and came to a largo open piece .of ground, over which brooded what seemed to be an impenetrable blackness. There was no light to help the traveller acrosB it, but Simon left the road and plunged into its gloomy ex panse with a readiness, which showed that he 'knew j every inch of his way. He walked briskly along, never stumbling or stopping, though the waste ground was covered with. stones and rubbish. . After five minutes' progress he reached a cottage, which suddenly loomed out of the darkness before him, and, coming up to the door of it, knocked in a peculiar fashion. As the knock died away solne hand within the, cot- tage drew a Ijolt, and let the door fall back upon a chain, while a harsh voice asked in true West Riding dialect : ' Is it thee, maister f' - , ' Ay, my girl,' replied Simon Murgatroyed. ' Undo the chain — quick. There's, a wind blowing -oyer the Waste strong enough to take one's head off.'? The door, released from the chain, blew open by the force cf the wind, and Simon entered. ' In. the narrow passage, one hand resting on the latch of the door, the other supporting an oil lampabovehCr head, stood a strange figure. A woman, certainly, buFsuch an ill- shaped one that it was difficult lo classify her at first sight. She was, in fact, a terrible de formity. Her shouldtrs carried' an enormous hump, and one leg was several inches shorter than its fellow. But her face put these deformities in tbe. shade completely. The nose, an enormously long one, terminated iu a' huge bulb, and nearly met the chin , on which bristled a stubbly growth of Jiair. The eyes, deeply set under an overhanging forehead, were odd in colour, and while one was close to the ncse the other was situated some distanco away. It was a terrible face, and a terrible sight, . a sight to make a man shudder and a child scream. Aid. yet there was something in ' the ' poor thing's * eyes as she looked up at Simon Murgatroyd' that gave : you a feeling of sympathy for this strange freak of nature. She looked at Simon with something of that - adoring love shown by a dog to the master who feed^H and owns him. Three years before that time Simon Murgatroyd; then living alone in his solitary tumble-down cottage on the Waste, was one winter night startled by a hesitating knock at his door. Opening it, ho saw outside, framed - in a wreath of whirling snow, tbe strangest sight that ?; he had ever set eyes on. When- he recovered from his amazement, he drew the poor creature inside, and made her sit down by his fire and gave her to eat and drink. As he sat- and watchtd. her eat he wondered if all the world could produce such another specimen of ugliness; ' for if the humpbacked girl looked terrible in her de formity as she stood holding her lamp at tbe door, she looked ten timos more terrible clad in rags and with the unkempt hair hanging ovir her odd eves. Simon began to question her. Where did she come from, and what was her name, where was she eroing ? ' She answered him readily enough. She came from a manufacturing village 20 miles distant, her parents were dead, and she had walked to Millford in the hope of finding work. Ab for her name, it was Andrewlina ' Omerod. - 44 That's a queer name,' said Simon. ' How came ? ? they to call you by it ? ' ' It wor my another's fancy, wor that theer,' said Andrewlina. ' Shoo'd been readin' a taale 'ut had a L»ady Selina in it. Shoo wor it' t' family wny o' mc ? at that lime, wcr my mother, and fhey saiiy women's ; subject to fancies at-sich times, yo knew. My faatlier'a name wor Andrew, soa shoo called me Andrcwselina, - ... andi'_coi-r£0 o' JitaeJhey. shortened itto . Andrewlina It's leng eniff nah, isn't it r' ' I guess it is' said Simon. 'Well, and you luiyen*t got a place, then r' ' .Kooa, niaister. T' fowk did nowt but laugh when they seed ma. An' nooa wonder. I'm nooan sa gooid tu lewk at.' Well,' said Simon, 'you can stop here, if jou like. 1 can't pay you any wages, but jou can eat and drink as much as you like, and have some new clothcs twicc a year.' — ' Thank yo, -maister, kindly. Ah'Jl stop vri' pleasure. And Ah'Jl dew my best to suit yo.' And Andrewlina,. awful sight as she . was, had very quickly proved herself a model servant. She had enormous powers of observation, and seemeqpto take a pride in finding outrwhat her master liked and what he didn't like. She kept the old co tta ge~ bright -'and clean as a new pin, and always had a smart .lire. burning when Simon came home from the office- 'Stc found out what ho preferred, jn the way 'ofr : cooking, and never rested until ' she could serve up his favourite dishes in the most approved elyle. A word of praise from him brightened ^her life for many a day. And to do him justice,; Simon Mur gatroyd praised his unsightly domesticunsparingly. '* You're a good lass, Andrewfina,'' he would say as he sat down to his hot supper, 'the hunchback standing by with red triumphant face jc '/jou're. a Jea1 good ,-iasB.' V ' ? - Andrewlina's face would get iftdderatJhiH. ''Nowt o' t' sort, maister,' she . would jtw&wejv; ' li's yo' at's irooid. Didn't yo' tak' ma in wLen Ah wor hoiianilcss nnd friendless r' J ..v. .. ; And Simon would fcol thaf hc- h.-id once done a good deed. . .. -? \ :* ; * ? H lie walked along iho passage now, while ; Andrew lina fastened the door. In the parlour. of the cottage a bright fire was burning. Betore it was drawn up a little table spread with a snowy white cloth. Simon's slippers were set in the fender to warm. A smell of fiesh beefsteak came in pleasant whiffs from the kitchen beyond. ' T' supper's all ready, maister,' said Andrewlina, sotting her lamp on the table. 'Ah'll hev it on' as sooin as yo've getten yer slippers oh. Gow, but it's a cowd neet!' Simon put on his slippers mechanically and took his seat at the table. ' And then Andrewlina appeared with his supper — a splendid beefsteak and onions, potatoes, a warm apple-lie, and a square of prime cheese. , She poured out a glass of ale and put the jug at tier mastet's elb'ow. Aud then she began to poke the fire and draw the curtains closer together, doing these things so that 6ho might Lave some excuse for remaining in. the room and watch her master eat. . But Simon on this occasion seemed in no hurry to begin his meal. He sat with his head in his hand, lookrng abstractedly at the wall, Andrfewlina noticed his abstraction. ' Aren't yo wf 11, makteri' she. asked, in a tone of deep concern; '? vo' re letting th'. supper get cowd. Can't yo ate to-neet ?' ,t ' Simon started and took hp his knife and fork. lie had been thinking of the events of the last two hours. He strove to do justice to the meal and to bestow his usual praise on its cook; but Andrewlina,' noticed, being preternnturally observant, that her master ate very little, and she 6pent an anxious evening \Vbnclor ing if he was going to be ill. (To be continued.) 