FISHERMAN'S GHOST STORY. Saved from the Gallows. i A CORRESPONDENT Of tho Field nar'rntos IL story told in the smoking-room of Sunmch: Lodge, Porthshire, after a day's pike fislh ?ing in Glensunach Loch. "I lhave known of a fisherman being visited.by"a'.ghost," 'said Rose, one of the party,' "andI asI am an old man, I should like the story to b preserved. I was living some fourteen miles from Worcester forty years ago, and waira keen fisherman. One day late in tihe season I had a good afternoon of~trout fish-: .ing in the brook which ran three miles from ;,my house, and on the way home in a very dark evening was drenched to the skin by a thunderstorm, in spite of my efforts eto 'escapo by sheltering here and'tliele ucider 'sheds, hedges, and the like. Six months afterwards I was disturbed in bed by a loud voice in my room, saying, ' gept up, and go to Worcester.' I started, rubbOd .my eyes, sat upi and listened, but heard. nothing, and there was not a breath of air stirring out of doors. I went off to sleep :igain, and was again speedily disturb8d'b Ithe saim cry. I now awoke my wife, and asked if she had heard :invth';ng. 'Certainly not,' she re 'ilied, .:',t i ,,r oid not wonder I heard voices, after ' ,be indigestible dinner I had made. Tliiswis small comfort, and again the words sounded, this time louder. than. .e.ver at. my. ear,' Get up, and go to Worcester.' I rose and struck a light; it was half-past four a.m., and pitch dark, with much rain I could see. The idea of desibending,,: e ddl ing 'the hsrse. (for my groom hved.at a. distant cott:,ge), and starting to Worcester in 'such i deluge and- with such darkness, was not at all cheerful. But'the same words sounded more imperatively than before at my ear, and, telling my wife I was going to Worcester for the day, I slipped on my clothes, let myself out, and began saddling agrey. With some surprise I noted that, whereas sho always resented this process by leaping and kicking, on this particulai· morn ing she was perfectly quiet and tractable. I rode along the dark and miry chain of roads which surrounded Millington with ease, partly from knowing them perfectly, partly because no one was stirring, and' towards dawn approa'hed the Severn, now in full flood, wlhere it was necessary for me to cross, if I did not care to go on by the winding of the river (a muuch longer road),l to the city. Here I expected to spend half-an;hour lbawl-. ing from the bank till the' drowsy ferryman .would be pleased to awake, and come'over to ;take us across. Curiously enough, as I rode .down the bank, I espied him waiting. Heo touched hIis hat, and said, ' All right, sir; I heard you shouting and came over as quickly as I could.' Of course, I had not shouted but the rain and cold forbade'my raising any question on the matter, and I thankfully got in, and was ferried across; I had about six miles to ride on the other side, and it-was. half-past seven when I rode into Worcester, tired and hungry. However, I- pullt upi: iy beast, breakfasted, and, not knowing what to do, strolled out into the city; A ghostly summons lhad brough me there, but I had no further guidance, so one way seemed much the same as another. Noticing a crowd pressing towards the assize courts, I fell in wit.h them, and, by dint of tipping siand squeezing, soon found inmyself listening to the end of a murdor trial. The prisoner, one Llewellyn Morris, had just been found guilty, and as 1I entered the judge called upon him to say anything he desired against sentence boinl. pronounced upon him. The accused seemed familiar to me, and yet I could'not recall where I had met him. Heo was a little man, and appeared, while a crowded court hung upon his fate with breathless anxiety, to be the leist concerned of the assemblage.. Ho answered the judge respectfully, but carelessly enough, that lhe was entirely inno cent of the murder, and was two'or,threeoo miles away from the plac where it was 'onii. mitted. He had a defenco, ' a hally, boy,' he heard it was called, but lie could not' produce his witness. He had.no idea who hIis witness' Waiis, 'but orn th6iitliht 'of 'the murder hle had been fishlung, and ihad walked a couple of miles on tho road Ihbnin,ttillh .thunder routied aind the rain desdsisdehl likisa waterapout, w ith a gentlemani whom lie lhad mitat the riverside. At length thie stosrni wee ,io fearful snud the darknes so :deepl 1hat. .thlivey~. hlad both diverged' "flr lit-1?; road into anecighbouring churehyartl, and.taken refug, in ·ite porhl itils hallf-an-hliou;: after, thlie ooipiat 1,ssed on l 11o lad conl vsersed'tiat time with his neighbomi, but liud no potion who lie was, or hlie would elo r hini, .1lth, tstorm. took ple~ieuissmuslsitstily, after theold nimaii hlid beein niuiderled, and it rw;uldhavo beisen physically, iuipossibl: furo hl'im tIo Jiav stood in tise porclL }gtop,l.he ilehl, bsenLlfar nway fromn tlse o enl'ctild'%tuit?d?i tatths:timo,.- As it'was,.howevesl?,-aviesignon elu? to his iwitnessa: he was :oute biet.to lolre hijumself inlhisllno-hhips shlandsi ,At~toiico,si rceiemntssred thatthisr;wis tlie 'urySmmsui who hsadcisood with Ioe.iitltheschuroh, pIri.ch;i'iid, 'isimg.?ilamid inich ex'citemenic.df tfe 'fed?mo selt-if ti thte jidge as a wtnoess for thero atcishedo After being eworn, I wroti' down, sit the judgerqleid, ha we had t, had of, and 4 .what nswers theoprisoner haId inmide. Upoz ' tliis thief:prisoii 'ris oeainined, and thoe nuswers so tallied with wlht I had wtitern •down-thatthe-judgo delivered another ad "?l·,t6qlb j.ury, and delotingtheir previous ord'ict,lthe jury u.naniimou-ly and without a noiont's heositation nequitted him. We .had talked, as it happened, of a ourious lgend iri a neighbouring lord's family, and ?the prisoner had given me some information about thle spawning of trout whioh, as a fisherman, .I had naturally remembered. Y'd'ors afterwards a convict at Dartmoor prison on his de.thbod confessed that he alone was guilty of thie murder for which my companion in the porch so narrowly escaped a conviction; and so, you sece, a ghost was of advantage for once, and let use hlope, 'for thie credit of fishermen, chose onoe of' them to perform an act of justice in conse quoence of his gentle, amiable, and kindly disposition." 