A MINER'S MILLION. BT J. MONK FOSTER, Author ot "Carcbester's Vengeance,', "For Lore and Gold," "A Poor Man's tragedy,' &c.; ALL BIGHTS RESERVED ] CHAPTER XXVIIL—(ConcJuiecf.) The btauty of the morning had something tor do 'with the view that Walter ultimately took of the matter he had oome to consider. Oat there amid the trees and grass, with the warm sunlight beating on him and surrounded by grace, light, and life, it was impossible tu seriously believe in ghosts, and the idea that that he had seen one saemed to be ridioaled by the soft wind, waving grasses, and rustling trees. No one was less superstitious than Walter. His scientific training and tbe bent of bin after studies had made him relegate all supernatural agencies to tbe limbo of incredibility, and nothing short of the experiences of the previous night could bare induced him to seriously consider whether it was possible that he had seen a ghost. Pondering the matter carefully, and looking at it from all sides, it seemed to him tbat his strange dreams were the cause of the phantoms hs had afterwards seen. Alise Gray's face had been so vividly impressed upon his brain by the dreams that it hid risen before him again the moment he thought of her. Even now in the broad day he oouli bring her iace vividly before him by merely closing his eyes. This was the only conclusion he oould arrive at, yet it was far from being satisfac tory. He knew that the faoe he had seen whila dreaming was not exactly like the faoe he had seen afterwards. The faoe of the girl who had been by his side in church and on ths lake waB the calm, oale face of his old cohbolinistreBB, whilst the face he had seen bent over the bedside and at the foot of tbe stairs wore a strange, wild look, and instead of the soft masses of curls clustering about temple and brow whioh he remembered so well, the hair of the spectre, phantasm, or whatever it might be, was unkempt and straggling, and even the face had seemed unclean. This difference of aspect meant muoh, for Walter argued to himself that ii the face he had seen by iiis bedside and again at the bottom of the staircase were a phantasm only, then it ought to have been exactly similar to the face ha had seen in his dreams and as he remembered it of old. And there also remained the fact of the open door, and no feat of even the most owerful imagination could account for that, Ei the end Walter saw that it would be useless to attempt arriving at a full and satisfactory estimation of the matter. He was unwilling, nay, unable to believe that he had seen a ghost, and nothing short of such a belief would permit him to account for all that had tanspired. So he attempted to dismiss the unpleasant affair from bis thoughts, but was Bcwcely able to do so. He found that his thoughts persisted in straying back to the events of the preceding night, and he shuddered as he remembered the nameless horror that had smitten him dumb and powerless when that white-faced spectre or phantasm had so suddenly arisen before him. ' Returning to the Priory shortly before noon Walter found a telegram from Torleigh awaiting him. It was short, and run as follows:— " Pits all stopped here. Men on strike.— David Morgan. . Wondering what was wrong at Torleigh, and why one of his miners, instead oi bis Manager, had informed him of the matter, Walter resolved to rundown to Lancashire and sea. He had nothing of importance to attend to at home, and the journey would perhaps drive all thoughts' of dreams and ghosts from his mind. So he decided to set out that afternoon after lunch. EnquiricgforLady Ruth he was toldshe wain the old room, and he went to tell her ol his intention of visiting Torleigh. Her lady ship had two rooms devoted to her own special uses, and they were known commonly as the old and the red rooms. The firstnamed was one of the oldest in the Priory, andwhi'Bt almost all the ochor apartments had been altered to suit modern taste, this chamber had been left untouched, and its fine old wainscoting was eaid to be several centuries old. There waa a fine oriel window looking west, and this was one of her ladyship's favourite rooms ; when Walter was out or away, much of her time was spent there reading or writing, for it appeared from her own observations to her bnaband that th - world might be startled some day by a great romance from her pen. The red room was the lovely lotus-land in which her ladyship loved to lounge with her mate, pasting the hours in dalliance sweet, and With half-shut eyes ever to seem F4l!ing asleep in a hoi; drein ; To ilreim anu to dream. Tbe room owed its tinled appellation tothe colour of its garniture, all the hangings, draperwe, carpet, and upiiolstery being in ditterect shades of crimson, and the apartment WBB -well enitofi tothe sybaritic tastes and dark wondrous f^auty of the Byren, who Htd miae it her • L>»o - den. There bar splendil voice breathed forth loves tnnrffroet ditties for the Bole delectation of her lord. , Walter mado his way to the old roDin, which was on the groaud floor at an ang'e of the 1'iiiTt, bat he found tlie dojr fast, aod ao nm answered reueate 1 knocks. L,«ly Knlh often fastened ili-dof.r. when she letc htrMS.S loosdy s-jalte/td al,uut the desk, tor fear some of lb* »va>»t a might .display or destroy it, and thiul<i»t! the domestic had been mistaken in the apartment he went to the red room, expeoting to find his wife there. But the ohamber was empty, nor did it appear that her ladyship had been there that morning, for the piano was closed, and not a- book or oouch out of its place on shelf or by the wall, where the chambermaids would persist In patting them. Thinking Liady Ruth had gone ont for a short stroll, unnoticed by the servants, he was going to his own room, when meeting his wife's maid he asked if her mistress had come in yet, and was surprised to hear that her ladyship had not been ont that morning, and that she was then in the old room, having been there most of the morning. Going to the old room again, Walter found the door stall closed, but it opened to his hand, and there in a deep easy-chair in the window was Lady Rnth reading, or pretending to read, Swinburne's " Cnastelard," As he entered she looked up, saying:— "Ah, Walter, just listen to this;" ani she read about a dozen lines, ending thus— Then there was some low, flattered talk i' the lips, Faint sound of fierce, soft words caressing them— Like a fair woman when her love gets way. Ah! your old kiss—I know the ways of It: Let tbe lips cling a little: take them off, And speak some word, or I go mad with love. " Isn't that bit delicionB, dear ?" she asked, putting down the book and going to him. " No poet is able to interpret love in all its phases—Its softness and heat—as Swinburne is. I think, dear, that he must have loved some one—as I love you." " I donbt it, Ruth," he said, kissing the red : lips held np to him and smiling. "Now. won't you adirit that be is rather too warm at times, and now and again guilty of iteration and reiteration? Don't all his women have beautiful passionate bodies, heavy white limbs, lips full of lust and laughter, oruel red months, like venomous flowers, whose kisses bite and burn ?" " He only m«kes all his women beaatiful, sis all women ought to be, and be but gives full play to the passion inherent in every woman, but only developed in a few— Weil, did yon enjoy yonr walk?" *' Very much, and I think you might have accompanied me, for I believe you've only tnen dozing here all the morning." " My dear, I've been working," ahe replied, pointing to some sheets of MS.S, lying onher desk. "But I was here a few minutes ago and the door was fastened, and I believe yon were dozing, for I knocked without disturbing you." " Well, I admit the crime—did you get that telegram? It came soon after you went out; I expect it is nothing to take yon away ?" "The telegram is from Torleign, and singnlariy enough, it has not been sent by Mr. Fairhurst, the Manager, but by one of the miners, David Morgan, the father of the poor fellow who was killed. The pits are stopped and the men on strike it seems, and it is remarkable that Fairhurst has not informed me of it. I am thinking of running over there alter lunch, and I shall most likely get back for dinner. Yon know this Fairhnrtt is the new Manager whom I appointed when Mr. Birley resigned, and I fear he is too harsh with the men, 1 have been pre judiced against him for some time, and the men dislike him I know." *' Then why did you appoint him ?" "Well, the man is clever enough, understands the mineB thoroughly, having worked there many years, and as h° had worked bard to qualify himself for the post and was next to Birley, I gave him the place, thinking he would take a hint from me and try to make himself more popular with the workmen." It was still early in the afternoon when Walter reached Torleigh. The railway ran past the collieries, and he saw that the great pulleys hung motionless over the pits, and that little work of any Bort waB going on. The station was half a mile or ao from the collieries, and on alighting it occurred to Walter to call on old "Daff" Morgan, the sender of the telegram, as he would have to walk past his door on his way to the pits. Old " Daff" Morgan was one of Waiter's oldest and favourite workmen, having wotked for his uncle a long while, and he was one of those sturdy-minded, respectable, unlearned fellows found not infrequently among bis class. Even as a lad Walter had liked the old miner, and since the death of his son he had treated the old fellow generously. Reaching the house Walter found the door open, and he walked without ceremony into tbe olean little kitchen, with its spotless floor sprinkled with fine red sand. Mrs. Morgan was busy getting " baggin" readyas the afternoon meal is termed in Lancashire—when Walter entered and enquired for htr husband. " Daff" waB in the back yard bnsy among his pigeons, and he did not seem very much surprised by the sight of his visitor. Walter took a enp of tea with the old folk, and presently he aBked what was up at the colleries. " Hannot yo'seen Mester Fair'u'st?" asked tbe old miner. "No, 1 have only just come from the station, and I dropped in to see why you had sent me word of the stoppage. I hadn't heard of it before I reoeived your telegram this morning. How long have the pits been idle ?" On'y sin' yister mornin'." It's strange Fairhurst didn't send me word." Haply he didn't wantyo' to know abeaut cm beta' atopt, bur ah meant tellin' yo'. an' ah thowt yo'd be here sometime to-dav." Walter eat sipping his tea, while Morgan, in bis quaint Lancashire tongue, narrated tbo origin of the strike. It appeared that the Manager had tried to reduce the wages of a miner named Kirke, and the men had struck in a body against it, fearing that it was only the thin edge of the wedge, and their wages also would be reduced if they permitted it. This waa the ostensible reason of the strike, but it seemed that the Manager was greatly detested by the miners, as he was always fining some of them heavily for all sorts of petty offences. But it appeared from Morgan's tale that the Manager had been persecuting Kirke for some months, wishing to drive bim away from the place, that Kirke was a successful rival, having won many years before a pretty milliner with whom Fairhurst had been in love; and it seemed that the Manager was now paying off the debt of hatred he owed tbe man who had married his sweetheart. This story tallied somewhat with Jaok Mathas's cate, for it was Fairhurst who had driven him to America, and Walter reBolved to get rid of the Manager at once if, on investigation, he discovered old Morgan's story to be true. Getting Kirke's address from old 'Daff" Walter went there, and what the miner told him corresponded in every way with what he had previously .heard. In every possible way Fairhurst had vented his spite on Kirhe; fining him repeatedly; throwing him idle by stopping his place; and, finally, had taken threepence per ton off the price paid him for getting coal. Thence Walter went to his Manager, and wished to know why he bad not been informed of tbe Btoppage of the collieries- The answer received was most unsatisfactory, and then Walter told Fairhurst what he haid heard of his persecuting Kirke. Guilt showed itself in the confused epeech and heated face of the Manager, detpite bis vehement denial of the oharge. Walter was satisfied of its truth, still he went to the other officials of the Colliery, who might be assumed to be independent witnesses of the matter, and from them he obtained confirmation of the story Morgan and Kirke had narrated. The same evening the Manager received notice of dismissal, and Walter returned to Aldayne. But before leaving Torleigh he oal'ed npon Jick Mathas'e relatives to enquire how he was getting on, according to his letters, and he was pleased to here that Jack was thinking of returning in a month or two. Then it struck Walter that he had now a capital opportunity of doing something for his old friend. In a month a new Manager would be required for the Torleigh collieries, and no one was better fitted for such a position tbau Jaok Matbas ; for apart from his cleverness as a miner, he was intimately acquainted with every one of the Torleigh mines, as be had worked in them for many years as a boy and a man. Glad of the opportunity to do Jack a good turn, he obtained his address in order that he might write to him, and after dinner the came evening, he penned and dispatched a missive to Virginia City, bidding MathaB to get back as quiokly as possible to claim the Managership of tbe Torleigh Collieries. When he penned tbat letter he had nanght in view hut the benefiting of a friend; he never dreamt tbat Jack Mathas's return to England wonld be the first step towards the unravelling of a long tangled chain of mystery and sin. To OVERCOME WEAKNESS.—Pepper's Quinine and Iron Tonic gives New Life. Appetite, Health, Strength, and Energy. It oares Indigestion, Nervous Debility, and Neuralgia. Half-crown bottles. Everywhere. Insist on having PKPPER'H. zthso 