ENGLISH AND FOREIGN ITEMS. Extraordinary interest was evoked at Middlesbrough "by the interment of a Mohawk Indian, who died from an attack o£ pneumonia, and who was one of the attendants of Sequah, the vendor of Indian medicine. The gorgeously painted car used by Sequah bore the deceased from the infirmary, the coffin being covered with wreaths and floral tributes which had been sent by grateful patients of the famous medicine man to St. Paul's Church, where a full choral service waa conducted by the vicar (Rev. G. H. Stock). Over 10,000 people are said to have congregated at the church, and so great was the crush that several women fainted. The Indian was of the Christian religion. Oharles Dickens once had £70 Btolen from him by a confidential servant who had lost heavily by betting on the Derby! On discovering the theft, Dickens told the man that if he had come to him and spoken of his loss he would have paid it himself, but that now, having abused his confidence, he could never trust him again. Dickens then discharged him from his service, but said that, in consideration of his previous good conduct and to save him from starvation or an ill mode of gaining a livelihood, he would settle upon him for life an annuity of £60. This anecdote is given in The Allienatvm, on the authority of Mr. Walker, late superintendent in the Metropolitan Police. The work in Oorea has been abundantly blessed of God. The country was opened to the world by treaty in 1882. Dr. Allen, the first missionary, arrived in 1884\. Others, including the two Chinese missionaries from the Fuh-Kien Native Church, followed in 1885. ' In July, 1886, the first convert was baptised. In the autumn of 1887 the first church, a Presbyterian, was organised with ten members. It is stated that during the past year (1888) the Church of Corea has multiplied five-fold—there are now over one hundred Christians in the land. Eight native Corean workers spent a month just before the close of the year at Seoul, in receiving instruction and praying for the power of the Holy Ghost, before returning to their homes and work. During their month's stay there were twenty-eight applicants for baptism, nineteen being received. ' There are no Lost Tribes,' is Mr. L. N. Demlitz's verdict in The JLndover Review. The ten tribes were never bodily deported to Assyria. Most of the Israelite were left behind in the country they always occu pied. At the fall of Jerusalem Titus carried off only the inhabitants of Judsea, who were sent across the Mediteranean to Italy and Spain. Hadrian afterwards led the Galileans into captivity, and located them on the lower Rhine. From them—the' Ten Tribes '—the bulk of the Jews of Germany, Austria, Hungary, Poland, Russia, and Roumania are sprung; and these have in a very modern times sent offshoots to Northern France, Holland, and the United States. Between Israel and Judah there has always been a rooted anti pathy, and in America the Jewish families will not associate or intermarry with those of Israelite descent But the latter form more than nine-tenths of the Heb rew nation to-day. Rev. Charles Spurgeon, of Greenwich, has undertaken to give an account of his travels in New Zealand and the United States to the students of the Pastors' College. Speaking at the College on Friday afternoon, he said he had found that his father was loved intensely, not only in New Zealand, but in America. The 'Downgrade ' had no sympathy on the other side of the sea, On the Continent the Gospel was having free course, and was showing its power. For his father's sake he had met with all possible kindness, and whenever he had i met with any of the College brethren he had found them well. He much regretted that his brother's want of physical power had obliged him to resign the pastorate of the church at Auckland, where such a great work had been done. After mentioning some others, Mr. Charles Spurgeon added that he had read no books since he left England but the book of Nature. He seems to be much benefited in health by the rest and change of scene. An illuminated testimonial and an oil painting have been presented to the pastor by young men's Bible-class. This year the English agricultural returns show that there is a decrease of 114,648 acres of wheat and 10,901 acres of potatoes in the land under cultivation, but there is an increase of 32,822 acres in the land under barley and oats. As compared with 1887, there is an increase of 132,265 acres of wheat, 36,658 acres of barley, and 19,607 acres of potatoes, and the very heavy decrease of 199,168 acres of oats. There is a decrease of 5,952 acres, or 9'3 per cent., of hops. As regards live stock, there is an increase on last year— in cattle, of 10,670 head ; in sheep, of 136,264; in lambs, of 240,678 ; and in pigs, of 106,564; but as compared with 1887 there is a tremendous decrease—in cattle, of 301,223 ; in sheep, of 283,038 ; in lambs, of 41,630—equal to 1*3 per cent, all the way round. Pigs, however, are increasing rapidly, there being 211,615 more—an increase of 9*2 per cent.—than there were in 1887. 