Topical Sketches. Bi' Ezra. Soon. [' HAMLET ' IN THE SUBURBS. One -lav last week the post brought me an imitation to attend a performance of ?' Hamlet,' which was to be given under the auspices of the Collingwood ' Forties,' bv various members of that body irho had liit-n inspired by Mr. Miln's admirable re presentation of the Prince of Denmark, On the evening set aside for the play, I accord ingly ventured to the furthermost corner of that 'delectable suburb, and duly presented my sell at the tlicaire, wnicn was no other than a long cellar occasionally used by a ptiblican fur the storage of his commodities. Afa-r mn'Iestly falling down the steps which le.l to the cellar, I found myself confronted liv a haughty -looking doorkeeper, who was proudly expectorating tobacco juice on the opposite wall, and, at intervals, whistled a tune through his teeth which sounded like a wjil from a wounded wombat, only more so. ' Is this the place where 'Hamlet' is to be prmlnc^l to-night ';' I asked, to make assurance doubly sure. *? ^ on lict your bloomin' boots it is,' he an-weiv'I. spurting a pint of plug essence over his shoulder. ' Got yer stiff, pal *' 1 interpreted this to refer to my ticket, ami pare it to him, and as I passed through the .loorvvay, he said, '? Koo.-r where you like, boss ; it's all one price, toft's or no toffs,' and, accepting the intimation, I chose a place at the side, and t yik observations of the curious scene around me. At the farther end of the cellar, some barrels bad been placed together and covered with boards which represented the stage- The orchestra, a boy with an ac c inienn. sat on one corner of this platform, nd the audience, to the number of thirty or forty, Hjuatteu on gin cases, kerosene tins, c isks awl such like. The place was lighted up with can. He-ends stuck in beer lxrttles, ?R-ith here and there an oil lamp distributed about to vary the monotony. The specta tors were of cither sex — in some cases it was hard to tell which — and conducted them selves with an entire absence of that cold etiquette which obtains so largely in the mansion of the aristocrat. Thus, while one young man would be gallantly reclining on his sweetheart's bosom, another would be imbibing common ale from a pannikin, and gently bantering the actors on the stage. There !-eing no ' wings ' or dressing-rooms, the actors, after delivering their lines, would step off the stage, and mingle amongst the audience, until called upon by a pimply faced youth, who' acted as stage manager, call boy, and prompter, to resume their ?pvrts. I learned afterwards that there had been no studying from the book, the actors and actresses relying on what they had picked up from hearing Miln, and fining in crevices with what had seemed most appropriate to them. There were no acts or scenes, the performers skipping from one part to another just as the stage magager directed. Two or three rehearsals had given a peculiar sort of regularity, but there wasn't enough of it to bet on with any certainty. On my entrance the stage was vacant, and the stage manager was calling on the 'star.' 'Chuck yerself around, 'Shorty,' the C:host's waiting,' he said ; 'yer can 'aveyer boose after'ds, and ' Shorty,' putting down a Wile from which he had been seeking in spiration, ran his dirty fingers through his greasy hair, and swaggered up to the stage, while the manager said, ' This yere is where 'amlet cops sight on ther bloomin' Ghost, bo sling it orf yer chest, Shorty — ycr knows 'ow to do it.' ' Short v' teas a Vinli-n^nVpd. fiat-nnsed individual, dressed in a Crimean shirt, no collar, bell-bottomed tronsers, boots with high, narrow heels, and a red belt round his waist. Putting two fingers in his mouth, he drew them around his teeth, and pulled out a quid cf masticated tobacco, which he threw with considerable force against the wall, where It remained, while he, gazing at it solemnly, roared out, in a voice strongly liggestive of — ' Any bottles to Bell? — bottle lio : bottle ho !' — the speech which, as a rule, starts with ' Angels and ministers of grace, defend us I' This is 'Shorty's' version : ' Holy Smoke ! here's ago, take ray word fir it. I wonder what the Moses it is. Here, say, old pal, what's yer little game, ch: STielp me, if it don't look like my old man. Sling us some chin music, old party. What's yer monniker? Well, you are a mm 'un an' no kid. Darn me, if I didn't funk yon was dead and planted long ago. ?\Vhat sort, ch? What're yer givin' us? Yon know yon ain't a-doin' the right th'Dg, old man, a-comin' back on a feller like this.' TbeGhost, who was an emaciated yonthin a blanket, in lien of a sheet, I suppose, replied t-' Shorty 'tiras: ' Well, yer see, Hamlet, it's like this. I'm Ghost, ver Bee, as' I've cot to pad the hoof around ere every bloomin' night, an' scare the bloomin' liver out of enny blokes as I meet. By Gosh ! Ham., old pard, I crald pitch a euffer if I liked that would knock yer dead to the world in one act. Say, 'our did you an' yer old man get along!' Hasnlct-. 'Oh, rye buck, on'y for a tiff about the boose now'n agin.' Ghost: 'Well, look 'ere; I'll tell yer what. Yer uncle gave yer old man a dose of ' Rough on Bats,' and sent him up the HOC' llamlet: 'What, Kunk did! Slielpme, ?f I didn't think it was 1m. He alias was a wrong ;nn ' Chost: 'It was a bit off color, I tell yer. Well, look 'ere, Ham., yer ought U |ave a smack at 'hn, yer know. I never did :im no 'arm, an1 he hadn't no call to go for me like that' Hamlet : *? S'help me, if yer ain't my old man, after all. How're ' yer poppin , guvnor? Come on down an' Ve a boose, ' and amidst much applause the two got off the stage, and nude for a fin case which contained Eome bottles of colonial ale. 'Now, then,. Mag. Trotte, it's your turn,' said the 'manager, and a girl who had been snugly ensconsed in the arms of her lover, jumped on the platform, and waited for her instructions. She -would 'have been pretty if she had been clean, fcnt she -wasn't, and as she stood therewith aims akimbo,, and a knowinir leer on her face. I tiiouubt there was a big field amongst her class lor the sale of soap, though it would takes con siderable amount of advertising to make it popular. 'Now, Mag.,' said the stage manager, ' Hamlet's gone orf his psmnilnn, and has been trying to bluff yer into Jteeping com pany with him, so let* have it.' 'Right y'ara, Bill,' this Gollingwood Ophelia said, and then, facing the audience, gave us her description of Hamlet's mad ad dress to her : ' Well, this is the trouble. I was up In my room fixin' up that blue ekirt as I wears to work, when Hamlet shoves open the door and comes in lookiu' as if he was orf 'is 'cad. He just 'ad 'is shirt and pants and boots on, and thinks I ' 'ere'sa bloomin' game ; Ham's been on the boose ; I'd better look out for myself.' Well, he comes up to me, collars hold of my paw, and stares at me, as if he wanted to know me again, so I ups and Bays, 'Well, Ham, yer'll know me again when yer see me. What's yer game, sneakin' into my room like this ?' He never says nothin', so I got the needle a bit, and says ' Yer'd better sling yer hook, young feller ; ? if the missis finds ycr 'ere there'll be a bloomin' row, I tell yer, and yeril get chucked out on yer ear.' With that he looks at me again, tips a bit of a wink, and then sneaks out lookin' as Beared as could be. My troubles on him ; I wouldn't like to cart him round at a hop,' and Mag returned to the embrace of her 'bloke.' ' Let's have the cove with the skull,' suggested a spectator, after Ophelia had been complimented. 'All right iixon Shorty,' said the manager, and Shorty came on, and, having no skull, apostrophised a beer-bottle thus : ' He wasn't a bad sort, Yawrick wasn't. Me an' 'im 'as 'ad some games, I tell ycr. S'help me, it mis a picnic to see the way that bloke could use 'is 'ands. Ho was a bloomin' daisy, any way yer'd take 'im. He could do a jig, or trot out a ditty with any on 'em ; an' as for eatin' beer, well, 1 never see 'is ekeL I see 'im put away Ions sleev ers by the dozen, an' b'lime if yer cov'd c^ioke 'im orf it. He was a wunner, he was, an', as I ses to Mag the day afore yesterd'y, ' if Yawrick was 'ere now. Mag,' ses I, ' I'd boose im up,' ses I, ' as long as I 'ad a bloom in' stiver in me kick,' an' so I would,' with which generous assertion Shorty Hamlet made his bow and once more mingled among the admiring spectators. 'Kowthen, Baldy, stir yer pegs,' said the manager, ' give us another bit of the ChoBt.' ' Not me,' said the Ghost, who web about tares parts gone in liquor. ' I'm orf the bloomin' game. It's too dry hash forme.' 'Well, Mag, chuck us Ophelia's mad gag,, wont yer V implored the manager. ' Taint good enough, Bill,' replied Mag ; 'besides, Sam 'n me's going to sueak. There's a dance on at Birker's. 'Here, what's yer game, Mag?' said Hamlet, stepping forward. ' Didn't yer pro mise to go with me ?' my troubles on yer, replica upneiia, scornfully. ' Go an' git Sal Forbes. Sam 'n me's right enough, aint we, Sam ?' ' My colonial !' responded Sam ; ' look 'ere, Shorty, chuck it hup, or 111 cop yer straight. ' ' Yer'll cop me,' said Hamlet ; 'put up yer dooks, or I'll bang yer as yer stand.' Sim did put up his ' dooks,' and the last I saw of the scene was Hamlet sprawling over ?the stage on top of the orchestra, while Sam ferociously E-«x-re all sorts of vengeance and Ophelia, seizing hold of a beer-bottle, bran dished it over her head ; and, without wait ing for more, I made my way out into the street and homewards, resolving in my mind as I went that there were certainly some points of difference between ' Hamlet ' from the idea of the 'Forties,' and the same play from Mr. Miln's point of view. 