A Few Words AbJut Jackson. Writing of boxers in the Nrational Police ; Gazelle "Referee" says:- In my opinion Californians are an impulsive class of people generally and prone to make too hasty con clusions. Every new aspirant for fistio honours that bobs up serenely they over-rate, and then they find out their mistake when their pockets hIave been made to pay the fiddler for their over hasty judgment. After Joe McAuliffe put the once heavy-weight champion, Paddy Ryan, to sleep, a feat many of the heavy.weights of to-day could accom plish, sporting men of the Pacific Slope said he was "the coming champion," and they praised hIim to the skies and fairly doted over, Ihim. Jack Hallihlsn, Patsy Hogan, and other sports dubbed him a wonder. Finally McAuliffe met Jackson, the black ciampion · and although the Australian did not have a great fistic record, he defeated McAuliffe and' upset the calculations of the spotting men in' San Francisco, who believed McAuliffe was 'a' wonder. Peter Jackson then became the idol of the sporting fraternity of the Cali. fornia Athletic Club, and sporting men of the Pacific Slope put him up as the coming cham pion of t?he world. McAuliffe wap never : wonder, b14 possessed imsnonso natural cterngth, and was nothing but an unsophieti -tend. impropr'y-trainoed, overgrown boy, ." " , - ndrov after a Jackson defeatoa ue. . well.contested battle, and Godfrey can only be classed a selling plater, and by no means a stake horse, so what did that victory amount to? Jackson next. defeated McAuliffe, and that victory gave him prestige, especially among Californians, but not withl the Al judges of pugilism. His victory oover the third.clase, weak hearted Patsy Cardiff was a foregone con clusion, and it was announced in these columns that Cardiff would full an easy victim to the black champion. Upon these performances the Californians believe Jack son is a foeman worthy of any champion's steel; but, judgsng by hIis display with Billy Baker, of Buffalo, and hIis performance with " Ginger" M'Cormick, I cannot for a moment believe that he is a matchl for either Sullivan or Kilrein. Jackson is a gentle manly, well-behaved pugilist. He isshrewd, and hIis steering apparatus is in first-class order, whether he possesses the stamina and the courage to go through the trying ordeal of a fistia encounter according ta London prize ring rules, which code of rules he would have to contend by before he became the possessor of the Police Gazette champion belt and the championship of the world, I have my doubts. Perhaps I am wrong in my judgment, butI fail to see any reason for putting Jackson in the same class as Sullivan. What in the world has he ever done to warrant it? Surely hIie most zealous ad mirers won't claim that any of hIis victims would have a ghost of a show before John L. And yet one of the daily papers, last week, in an editorial on the subject, rather inclin d to the belief that shlould the two meet, Jackson would prove the better man of the two. Pshaw, this kind of talk is ridiculous. Let Jackson confine Iis efforts to make a matchl with Kilrain. Should this match be arranged it is my opinion that Kilrain would puncture the Australian bubble without much difliculty. Should I be wrong and Jackson prove the victor, then Bullivsn would either have to moeet him or. surrender to him the championship. The Californian Club is trying to induce Kilrain to meet tlheir echampion, and I hope they will succeed. A contest between the two men would create an immense amount of interest, and prove a fight well worth seeing, but if Kilrain recdovered hIis old-time form and re gained the speed and strength hlie displayed when he fought Jem Smith, it would be a one-horse race. Henry Gent, the EInglish professional sprinter, is out with a challenge to run any. one 300 yards. Gent is credited with run ning on May 41, 1887, 122 yards in 11 3Ssoo. Soon after tlhat performance hlie sought retirement, and hIis coming up so suddenly again is quite a surprise. 18-carat w.dding rings and keepers, and ladies' and gent.'s 18-carat diamond and pre cious stone rings, Hall marked, first qunlity and firishl. P'. LAussoN, 63 Blano-st., North. umberlhund Building Society's Buildings. 24893 COPIES of the Netecasele Atornling.Her , may be obtained at the stores of Mr. G. M'[ellan, Lakeoroad, Junction, and Mr. F. Allinson, Railway-street, Globoland. 