1*109 diet* The Midnight Prophecy HEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. By Em ma Garrison Jones. CHAPTER LXVIL *CI WILT, save you/* “ I climbed t,lie gory vulture’s nest. And found the trembling dove within." The voice of Mother Gwynnoth aroused her from a deep sleep, the sloop of utter exhaustion. She started up with a thrill of terror. The sun was shining in at the iudorv, and iho old woman was placing the tray containing her breakfast on the table. “Ye slumber late, my lassie,” she re marked, as Maggie sprang up, all dressed as she had thrown herself down ; “ yo must a keep bad hours last night ; see ”— pointed to the empty candlestick—“ yer caudles burnt out.” ‘•I like to burn my light all night in this ghostly place,” replied Maggie, quietly, hut thrilling with terror lest the dust on her clothes or some disarrange ment about the room should betray her ; “and I got to rummaging among the dusty old books, too, to pass away the time— ’tia awfully dull shut up in this way, my good woman.” Weel, wool,” responded the old woman, her eyes gleaming wickedly, “ ’twas yer own stubborn will as brung yo here; why dimia yo marry the young laird at mice ?” “ Because I was foolish, 1 dare say,” said Maggie, obeying a sudden determin ation to pretend she was being conquered in order to ward otf suspicion ; “but Lord Angus should havo been patient and not whisked me off and shut me up like a prisoner. I can’t forgive him." “Yes, yo can,” coaxed Mother Gwyn netli. “ Why he done it ail fur love of yo, aud he be a braw young laird as any lassie need bo proud to win. Ye’ll for giu him an’ moot him wi’ a kiss when ho gets back from Luunon, won’t ye Maggie tossed her head with a charm ing coquettish air. When does he come ?” she asked. “ To-morrow, mpbbc ; he thought to be gotio a week, but Berkit came last night an’ says he’ll be back sooner—so ye may be lookin’ yer puttie3t. Coom, here’s yer breakfast all hot now ; sit yo down an’ ian’ don’t fret any more ; I shall be busy to-day, since the young laird cooms to-morrow.” She loft the room, lucking it after her, and Maggie heard her go shuffling down the groat stairway with the bluod-liouud whining at her heels, lie followed the old creature wherever she went. To-morrow! Lord Aiigus coming back to-morrow ! Oh, what should she do ? llow should she escape 1 She sat for a long time in deep thought. There seemed to bo no hope, and she came to her decision in silent, dimness. If the worst came sho would slip through the aperture, replace the sliding panel, and lie down in the awful gloom somewhere below and die. They would never find her for it was evident they knew nothing of the secret pas Jlut it would be a dreadful end to life and her old father mourning over her And the E irl of Strathspey! At thought of him she started up.- The re nioiiibfance of lu’s white face rind hungry eyes thrilled her with new Imps. She crossed over to the table. The breakfast was very tempting and siie was weak and hungry. She ate one cake, a little bit of the broiled bacon, and swallowed a mouLh ful of tea ; the remainder she reserved for the poor sufferer below. But dare she attempt to mrke the descent by daylight'(\ What if some one should enter her room and find the panel open, the secret stair way revealed ? But she could not boar to let the carl famish throughout' the long, long day. I She resolved to risk it. I Taking the food in her apron as before j she removed tlio panel and hurried! When she reached the vault she was breathless. The peer, reclining on his bed of stone, heard her coming and arose to meet her, his white race eager and I smiling. It had seemed an eternity since she left him. I She spread her breakfast before him ] and invited him to partake of it. j “But, my little friend,” he said, | gravely, his eyes turning with wistful long ing toward the food, in spite of his will, “I cannot prolong my life at the cost of yours—you bring me your food while you are starving!” “ Oil, no,” sho cried. “ No, indeed. 1 have eaten some, and I shall have more at noon—please eat it, and try to gel your strength; you will need it all. And l, roust leave you again this moment. I will come again; in tlio meantime, remain quiet, and do not despair. The darkest hour is just before the dawn.” She fled away as she had come, with noiseless stops, up the spiral stairs, and back to Iter prison. The morning wore away. Noon came, and-a hot September sun blazed down upon the hoary battlements; the long,long } afternoon, the cool gray twilight, and at last, at last the silent night. | Maggie threw aside the old volume'she | had been trying in vain oread,and wont to the window with a sigh of relief. I The day had seemed so endless, and she had lor.ged for the night with a vague hope. A groundless hope, alas, for there 1 was not the most remote possibility of escape. Yet she longed with feverish itn j patience for the darkness, and welcomed it now, and watched the great white stars, Hushing out in the far-off sky, with tear dimmed eyes. Her keeper canto up with iter supper and a iiltlo morsel of candle that would not last through half the night. “1 won’t have ye watching the night through, an’ makin’ a ghost o’ yersel,” she said ; “ go to bed like a gudo lassie; yef bratv young sweetheart will be here to-morrow.” Maggie shuddered and sat down by the casement, that foolish, vague hope still tormenting her. She reserved her supper for the earl, intending to take it down to him by and by. Slowly the hours went by, and she sat there counting her own heart-beats. She could hear the fir trees moaning in the September winds, and the sea beating on the sands below, and at last, after weary, weary waiting, she heard that for which she had hoped with such feverish unrest. The sweet ilute-notes set to the music of the dear old song, “ The Camp bells are coming.” Assured now that it was intended as a signal to herself, she arose, in a tremor of excitement, and lit her bit of candle. Then she made her way out, and started 1 np the dizzy stairs again. Impatience winged her feet, and she made the long and tiresome ascent very speedily. A s;out, wind was blowing when she reached the tower-chamber, and she hurried her candle into a sheltered corner lesjf it should be blown out. Then she tore a strip from her apron, and twisting it into a wisp, lit it at the blaze, and hastening to the window threw it out as The wind caught it and whirled it away, like a flaming pennon in the dark ness, and swift as thought, from below, came the dulcet numbers of “ Highlaud Mary." Maggie,knew that she.was answered. A delicious thrill stirred her heart, and a bright bloom suffused her waxen checks as he gazed down the dizzy distance. She could see a man’s figure crossing the barreu heath below, and raising ar arm, ever and anon, with a warning gesture. She watched the dark, tali figure with fascinated eyes. It auproachod the base of the ruins with rapid steps, and then she lost sight of it. Still she did not re move her fascinated gaze, but continued to lean over the stone sill, her eyes strained down into tlio shadowy depths Ten minutes passed in dead silence 1 Then, all at once, a strain of exquisite melody broke on her ear. And, wonder of wonders, it came, not from the heath below, but from some near point. Her heart.throbbed witli painfui rapidity, and she drew back half in terror. Ten minutes more 1 The great owl, startled from his roost in the ivy, (lew out with a wild cry, and in the after silence the girl caught, at intervals, the sound of hoarse, panting respirations. Impelled by some emotion stronger than her terror, she leaned far out into the night, and she caught sight of a man’s head protruding above the clustering ivy. A low, startled cry escaped her lips. It was instantaneously answered. “ Be quiet,” spoke a clear, firm voice, a voice that inspired lior with confidence and courage ; “do not fear ; I am coming to hclpyou.” " Come on !” she responded, still look Thc ivy vines that clung about the lofty tower began ,to shake and rustle, the panting respirations came nearer, and presently the mau’s head came distinctly into view—a handsome, blonde head, and a pair of shining, resolute blue eyes. Their owner was accomplishing the dar ing feat of climbing the “ Border Watch tower” by aid of the ivy vines that covered it. He came up cautiously, but fearlessly’, now clinging by his arms, now finding a foothold against the rugged masonry. Maggie grew sick and faint as sho watched him, but ho smiled up into her white face, as it hung over him in the silvery moonlight; and in another breath he swung himself up to the window-sill, and leaped in. Covered with perspiration, and almost gasping from his great exertion, his elose fitting hunting-jacket torn into shreds, his handsome face Hushed, his blonde curls all in a tumble ; yet Maggie knew bin: in an instant. He was the young stranger who had drawn her from under the horse’s feet at the “Lion and the Unicorn,” and to whom she appealed for help when Lord Angus forced her away. Her eyes brightened, and a lovely color rose to her cho ks. She extended her hand with a shy but exquisite grace. “ I remember you,” she said, simply’; “ and you have risked your life to come to The young man bowed, and took the cold little fingers in his own shapely “No, not quite that,” he replied. “ ’Twas a close thing, I’ll admit, but I’ve a talent for climbing, and the ivy is strong and safe ; my life was in no danger. But I’in g’.ad you remember me,” lie added, with a flashing glance, “ because I’ve never forgotten you for one single moment ; sleeping or waking, your face has haunted me. 1 knew yon were not mad, as they asserted, and I determined to save you. I followed tlio carriage that bore you away that night, and saw you conveyed into this place ; and finding no oilier mode of entrance, you sen, ‘I’ve climbed ilie gory vulture’s nest.’ And now, what can 1 do for you '! ’ “ Help me to escape,” replied Maggie, promptly. “If I remain till to-morrow, a fate worse tliau death will be mine.” \- 1 fe considered a moment, his handsome face turned toward the setting moon. ‘•li’irst. tell me,” he then replied, “ how yon ever managed to get up here, if, as I infer, you have been bold <t pvt sonor. You surely did net ascend by the secret stairway ?’’ “ Yes, I did,” Maggie replied. “ I dis covered it by chance, and catne up here attracted by the sound of your flute ; but 1 fancied no one knew that such a stair way existed.’’ Tito young man smiled, showing his handsome white teeth, i “ You fancied rightly. 1 stumbled upon it by chance, like yourself, when this old place was unoccupied and I was here on an investigating tour ; but I can’t well believe that you had the courage to ascend it.” “I did,” said Maggie. “I would go through the gates of death, I think, to make my escape.” He flashed another glance upon her from his bright blue eyes. “ Come, then,” he said ; “ we have no time to lose, and there is but one way. The doors and gates are barred and bolted, and Mother Gwynneth and her blood- hound are playing sentinel. Wo must go down by the ivy.” Maggie started in surprise, and grew a shadcpaler as she glanced down the dizzy distance. “There’s no danger,” replied the stranger, encouragingly; “if you will only' trust mo, I will save you. Come 1” Ho held out his hand, and Maggie drew “ Now you’ll have to cling to me with all your strength—here, this way', so that I can use my hands in descending, and do not fear; you look like a brave girl. ” She permitted him to clasp her close, while she twined her arms about his stal wart shoulders. He was just on the point of springing through the window, when she uttered a quick cry ! “ Oh, I had forgotten •” she exclaimed ; “ how utterly seltish I am in my eager ness te save myself. There is another prisoner in this old castle—away down in the old donjon keep, the Earl of Strath spey' lies dying. We must save him—I won’t leave him behind.” The young man turned and faced her, a curious expression in hisey'cs. “ What do you say ?" he cried ; “ the Earl of Strathspey a prisoner here ?' “ Yes—his own son, or the boy rather, who has been reared as his son, lured him here by' a false letter, and locked him in the denjon to die. Providence sent mo down to him, I think, and I saved his life by sharing my food with him.” “And why should this boy' lure his father here, and leave him to die ?” ques-, tioned the stranger, a slight tremor run-; ning through his clear voice. “ The earl suspects that the boy is not his son, and talks of renouncing him, and the young man wants to murder him, and secure the earldom.” For the space of an instant the young man stood silent, a slow flush arising to his fair, char-cut face. . “ Well,” ho ejaculated at last, “of all strange things, this is the strangest, the Earl of Strathspey incarcerated here by his son and heir. I cau scarcely believe: it.” ; “It is true,” cried Maggie, eagerly;' “and be will die—he looks like death now—and I have carried him no food since morumg. Oh,' sir, can’t y'ou help “Of course I will—I'll rouse the oflicers of the law, and ransack this old ghost liest from top to bottom-” “ But every moment is precious,” inter posed Maggie ; “ the young Lord Angus, as he is called, falsely enough too, for I have the proof that ho is no son of the • ‘ What, you have the proof ?” ‘Yes—1 found it, as I seem to find everything, by mere chance, in the flan nel mantle worn by that poor little babe that was found, on the Tyrol mountain— the written proof that-” “Hist!" cried the young man,'catching at her arm, “there’s a carriage below— put out your candle, quick !” Maggie darted across to the corner in which the candle flickered, and ex tinguished it with a breath, then she turned to the window, gazing cautiously' A two-wliee!ed vehicle containing a couple of men was bowling up the gravel walk. In a second they paused at the great gate, and one of them 1< aped out, and proceeded to unlock it. Maggie had a fair view of the other as lie sat in the white moonlight. “Oh, heavens!” she.whispered, her cheeks paling with terror, “it is Lord Angus, the carl’s son ; we arc lost?” “Nay,” replied the stranger, “not lost yet. See, they’ have entered—Mother Gwy'nneth’s blood-hound 'bids them wel come.. Como !” He clasped her firmly with one arm and approached the window. “ But the carl ?” gasped Maggie, shiver ing with terror, as she heard the fierce baying of the beast below. “ I’il save him,” replied the young man, quietly; “but you must bo got into a safe place first. Come—the moments are precious.” And clasping her once more, ho leaped lightly through the window' and swung^ himself out. 