\- LE R From the LITERARY WORLD. Short Slories.-If there is still anybody in "this highl over-doeducated realm of England," as iMr. Lang terms it, no: thoroughly well up in the technical definition of the short story, we would respectfully refer that belatedpersonto a collec tion of papers published undder the title of "Pen and Ink," written by Mr. Brander Matthews. In that little book Mr. Matthews devotes a chapter to a full discussion of the theory of the short story. Mr. Lang and Mr. Sylvester-in the preface to a collection of short stories by famous French writers which they have trans lated into English and issued under the title of The-Dead Leman--lament the unpopularity of this form of literature among English readers, and trace the causes of its disfavour to two soures-one the idiosyncrasy of our leaders, and the other the material supplied to them. We English people, these illustrious confrreas tell us, have an inherent objection to having our atten tion awakened a dozen times in a volume. When we take the trouble to make the acquaintance of a certain set of characters, we like to follow their fortunes for some hours, at least. The other objection (and it, in our humble judgment, is a far more radical one) is thit we seldom get the short story at its best from an English writer. As our two translators point out, many of the subjects which lend themselves most naturally to the short story, and which are f.eely open th French authors, are tabooed to our writers, Tie first ecuential to a short story is a situation. The more intense the better, though it may be intense in various sphere- as, for instance, intensely ludicrous, or intensely pathetic, or intensely tragic, or intensely ghostly, or even intensely ghastly. As a nation we live a humdrum life. and have few adven tures or catastrophes. Nevertheless, we have not lost our appreciation of vivid life in stories, and we venture to think that if we had a Poe to write for us to-day his tales would not lack circulation. As to the sticcess that these gems from the Fr-ncuh are likely to have in educatiug the popular taste up to an appreciation of the short story, the translators are not verysanguine. It hardly seems to us likely that readers whose taste is suflienltly cultivated to appreciate the charm of such writing as Gautier's, Balzac's, andil About's should not read French easily, and should not prefer to read these tales in the lan guage in which they were written. The trans lators, in the effort to preserve the character and quality of tihe style- which, indeed, is fully half the charm, in these stories-have, to our mind, sacrificed too much. The turn of ex pression is often so un-English that the reader is reminded (if lie has ever forgotten) that he is rea ing a translation. It is a marvellously faithful version, b it one wants to be, for the time, uncosscious that it is a version. We are not criticising the performance any more severely than the translators themselves have esiticised it. They admit that the art of trats lation has yet to be discovered. We venture to predict that it never will be found in literalness. With regard to the prospects of the book in awakening a taste for short stories, we hope for more than we expect. Writers and readlers would alike he gainers if the tale (which is to the novel as the lyric to the epic, and which, like the lyric, is the product of a high tide of emotion artistically worked up into the simplest and strongest form pos-ible for it to take) were estimated at its true value and compensated aecordingly. The Dead Leman (" La Morte Amoureuse "). by Theophile Gautier, reads like a legend of the saints, coloured with an artist's skid and told with a scholar's grace. Thie miraculous element is present in large quantity. The exclusivr, secetic view of life tones every phrase. A beautiful abandoned woman named Clarimonde charlns the heart of a young priest away from his saintly avo-tions. ' At her deathl some sttange fatality summons him to adumilister the last rites of the Church. She appoints a spirit tryst withl himt, and lihe thenceforth enters u on a period of double consciousness. In the day lie fulfils tiis.ecrvi* t 0. .e u..t., a-ll aB Ilguit lie is Claritsonde'a lover. In time hlie diacaeorsr that his enchantress belongs to that very objee tionable order of ghosts knowrn as the vampire ; but though she preys upon his Ihfe. his devotion to her remains unshaken. A fellow-priest, observing how IRomuald is wasting away, dis covers Iris secret, anti lays the apparition by opening her tomb and sprinkliing holy water upon her bo.ly. The story is told by Iomuald when he has reached old age. Graphically as it is given, there is a curious coldness in its effect upon the reader's imagination. Its appeal is to tile menteal side only of the imagination, not the emotional. "The Doctors Story " (Balztc's), on the other hand, makes the reader shudder. As translations, the tales by alenruce strike'us as the most satisfactory. A certain curtoidss in style lends itself to the abrupt, forcible phraseology that is the feature of our conversational style. "Hue We Took the ltedoutt" is a magnificent chapter of, graphic writing. TIIE CHARGE. Our regiment was composed of three bat talions. The second was to. watch the redoubt on the side of thi gorge, the other two were to charge it. I was in the third bIttalion. On leaving the ground that had covered us we were greeted by some volleys of muslhetry which did a good deal of damage. Tile screams of the ballets took me aback. I kept tsnit?g my head, and my comrades, accustomed to the sound, laughedt at me gaily. "After all," I thought, "a batt!e is nothing so very dreadful. Wepressed on at the double, sharp-shooters in advance; suddenly the Russians gave three distinct cheers, and then waited, silent and holling their fire. " I don't like their silence," said the cap tain; "it means no good." I thought our owon men were a little too noisy, andu could not but cont-ass their clamour with the imposing silence of the enemy. We reached the foot of the redoubt, where our fire hal broken the palisades, and cut up the ground. Our fellows dashed over the rui?ns to tilhe cry of " Five l'Elompercur/" You would not have expected men who had shouted so long to have hlouted so loud. I chanced to look up, and I shall never forgot the sight I saw. lMot of the smoke had lifted, and hung like a canopy about twenty feet above the redoubt. Across a this blue vapour you saw, behind ltheir half-ruined Iparapet, the Russian Grena dier., their muskets shouldered, motionless as sn:toes. I think I see them yet; each soldier withl his left eye on us, hIis sight hidden by a tusket. In an embrsure, some feet frotl US, Smtan with a lighted tiatch stoad beside a I shuddered, thinkinig my last hour had "TIte danceis beginning," cried my captain. "LGuotd-nighst 1 " ° It was his last good light. - The druems bcat in the redoubt. All the mtskets csme to the level. I shut my eyes and heard a terrible roar and crash, followed by cries and ssroans. Then I opened my eyes, aitazcd to find myself alivec. Thie redoubt ws.s llind wiel smoke. Dead and wounded meo lay :l around nme. Iy lcaptain was stretched at tmy feet, his hIeadl blown to pieces Iy a ball. I was covered with his brains and blood. Of all iy conllany there stood but six men scoside myself. After this carnage came a moment of stupor. Thie colonel put Ilis cap on thie point of his twordn, and was the first man over the parapet, shuouitig " I'ie l'Empl'rscur " All the sur viVors followed lhim. I scarcely remember 'hiat happened next. We got into the reeloubt, I don't know how. Hand to hand we fought is a bliiding smoke. I believe I kept striking, for my sword wac all bloody. " Victory ! " I heard at last. The smoke thinned away; I saw dead men and blood all OVer the rerouht. The guns especially were littered witllh corpsea. About two hIundredl soldiec., in the Fr.e'rnch uniform were clustered anyhlow- here and there, some loadisg their pieccs, some wiping their bayonects. With thItm were eleven Russian prisoners. The Colonel was lying in his blood beside a brketn tsammunition box. Some soldiers glstered round hIim eagerly. I joined them. h \Vhere is the senior captain ? " he asked a The sergeant mer-ely shrugged Ihis shoulders. "'The senior lieutenanth, then l" "This gentlemnau who joined yesterday," said the sergeant, stoically. The colonel smiledl a itter smile. '' Come, sir," said lihe ; " take the command. Forsify tIhe gorge of the redoubt with those .Vggons, for the enemy is in force; but General C wi- suelport you." Colonel," said I, "youe are badly wounded." "Done for, my boy; but we have the re doubt." T'she short story thrives well in the sprightly air of America. Tile names of Poe, Haswtnorne, Aldrich, Cable, Stockton, &o.;, will at once occur to readers familiar with transatlantic lifertituire. 'flie .volume eitehtied.fffeier2'ines; by the author of "Margaret Kent," conoists of a collection of tles, fairly good of their hind, hut mediocre ioii ici? of the standard set by the names givdei above. ThesI bcories "made themselves," the author tells ius "out of instinct and sympathy, rather than from et" perience or observation," at a period when "paibstiaki g realisln was not thought of." Painstakiio g realism" is exaietly what the reader misses--the Mifore so as the romantic element is not overpoweringly stronig. The subject of the opening tale, which gives name to the book, and that of "The Tragedy of Dale Farin"' aire well conceivd ; it is the skilful dramatic hxiad ling that iB lackinig. Our right to include Mr. Chesney's Opcratic T'ales in this classification ifay be fairly ques tioned. . Some of thmn come under our h. aling and some do not. The tales do not pretend to any novelty or invention on the part of the compiler. They are simply the p'ors of our more popular operas given in a brief and read able form. Opera goers will be quick to recog nise their value as a help to the full enjayment of the performance. For the rest, that large class of readers who pride themselves on being in possession of most of the facts " that every body ought to know" have an exceptionally good opportunity offered them of filling up possible chinks in this department of their miscellaneous education. Twenty-three of the best known operas are included in the collection. A CURIOUS controversy has arisen over the article for which Leigh hlunt snffered two )ears' impriscnment. It commenced by MIr. fGose publicly attributing the article to Lamb, and the statement is seemingly in ilat contradiction to Hunt's own words in hir "Autobiogro:,hy." Air. Aiinger, Lamb's latest biograph r, calls for proof, and i is to be hoped that the question will soon be finally set at rest, for Lamb's moral reputation is sure to suffer unless the charge be refuted. 