LADF STRA.THMORE'S STRATAOEM. BR CLABA M.ULHOLLAND, Author of "The Miser of King's Court," " Percy's Revenge," &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER XVIL That night Strathmore left Mallnes for England, travelling bj the night train from Brussels to Calais. Arrived in London, he rested for a few hours, and late in the afternoon started for Longbridge Abbey. It was almost dark when he reached the little wayeide station, and as there were no flys to be Been, he was obliged to wait for some time whilst the porter ordered one from the Tillage inn. "It would have been better to have telegraphed to my mother before leaving Liondon," he thought, as he paced impatiently np and down the road in (front of the station. " She would have sent a carriage to meet me, and so saved this weary waiting. How surprised shell be to see me. She doubtless thinks I am tossing about on the briny ocean jost now. Well, she'll be pleased to find I've given np that folly, so perhapsj she'll be in good humour. I must be very tender and gentle—bring her quietly round to the Bubjeot nearest my heart. Heigh-ho! I wish Luoy were not so obstinate. After all, l am not a boy. And yet she is right. It would BOfc be pleasant, all things considered, to marry without my mother's consent." At last the fly rattled round, and as soon as his portmanteau had been put up in front, Strathmore jumped in, and told the man to drive aB fast as he could to the Abbey. ./'My lord," said the coachman, taming round upon his box and touching his hat respectfully as his horse crawled slowly np a steep hilL "I hope you won't think I'm making too bold, if I give yer lordship a word of warnin'. But there's been queer goings on at the Abbey." " Goings on ? What do you mean 1" . "Her ladyship denies them, and the few servants as is left daniea them, my lord—but" —lowering .his voice mysteriously, " the ghosts there are terrible." " Rubbish!" oried Strathmore indignantly. "Drive on, please; and don't talk such non- "Nonsense, indeed,"grumbled the driver. " It is nothing but the honest truth. Bat I'll say Ino more. You'll soon see and hear for yourself." And touching hiB horse with his whip he started briskly down the road. " It was from fools like this that Grind got his information, I suppose," thought Strathmore. "But I wonder why my mother has taken to dismissing her servants. She should keep a large staff. The Abbey, requires it. I must talk to her about this. Halloa! What the deuce is wrong now f' The man pulled np suddenly. " We must go a bit slow, my lord, The mare has oast a shoe." " Confound it," oried Strathmore, springing out of the fly. "You should have seen she was all right before starting." "I did, my lord, and the shoes looked as safe aB possible. But she'll go all right, only •lower, if you don't mind that, my lord." "I'll walk the rest of the way," he said. " Take the luggage quietly on, and I'll cut through the park to the Abbey." " Very well, my lord. Just as your lordship pleases." And he drove slowly on. fe Strathmore was a good pedestrian, and although he waB anxiouB to reach home ston, walking was less irritating to him in his present frame of mind than the uneven jogtrot of the flyman's horse. It was a glorious night. The sky was blue and clear, myriads of little stars covered the firmament, and the air was warm and balmy. At the outskirts of the park was a large lake, and as the moon shone down upon it there was not a ripple on the waters. A small boat, clusters of lilies, and an ornamental dnckhouse were all distinctly visible in the •oft yet brilliant, light. Strathmore paused for a moment upon the bank, admiring the pretty picture that lay before him. " What happy hours I have spent here," he thought. " In summer with Lucy in the boat. In winter with our skateB. How fond we all were of this little bit of the park. I have admired it many times, but I don't think 1 ever saw it look so lovely as it does to-night in this exquisite moonlight. But," looking at his watoh. " I must hurry. It is nearly 9 o'clock. Mother will have finished dinner. But I suppose even the limited staff will be able to get me some supper." And with one long look of admiration at the beautiful scene he turned, and struck out quickly across the park. Very soon he came in sight of the Abbey. Tall, gaunt, and black it rose from amongst the trees, a massive pile clearly defined against the summer sky. Strathmore stopped short and gazed at the honss in astonishment. Not a light was visible. Seen from a distance it was like a deserted building. Every one of the many windows seemed shrouded and dark. No friendly rays came forth over the lawns and flower-beds. The entire mansion was wrapped in gloom. ' It is very strange," he murmured. "How different it used to look in the old days. But I daresay my mother lives at the other side of the house. One person cannot occupy many rooms. But how odd it is she should care to lead such 'a secluded life, she who was so fond of society. I cannot understand it, and I don't like it." Arrived at the front of the Abbey, Strathmore felt still more bewildered. Here, also, there was no light of any kind. The whole "house looked gloomy and' deserted. There was no sign of life. Not a sound or movement to Le heard. He sprang across the gra veiled sweep and pulled the hall-door bell. He heard it clang and echo through the long corridors, but without result. No one came to answer his summons. "This is too much," he cried angrily. "They cannot all be in bed at this hour." And again he set the bell ringing noisily through the silent house. "This will wake them- unless they are dead." At last, some faint sounds were heard within the house; shuffling, uncertain footsteps came along the hall, and in a few moments, a stupid-looking old man, with a red heated face, opened the door and peered out into the night. He carried a lantern in hia hand, and as the light fell upon the visitor, he started back in evident alarm. " My lord—I—that is I—heard you were in Australia." "Indeed? Then you heard wrong, Jones. But what is the meaning of this ? Why is the Abbey in darkness ?" " Why?'' he stammered, looking frightened, "because her ladyship wishes it, my lord. She ." "Where is Lady Strathmore? She has not gone to bed yet, I hope?" "Bed, my lord! No! Lady Strathmore is at Ashton Castle." " At Ashton! Then that aocounts for the prison-like appearance of the house, and your disgraceful condition. When does sha return ?" "I don't know, my lord; perhaps tomorrow. I—I—" You have been drinking, Jones. I am surprised and disgusted to see yCP in such a "Oh no, my.lord," hiccoughed Jones. " My' old woman and me were having a bit of •upper, my lord. When her ladyship's at home we're kept very tight, an'it's distressin' work, my lord, very distressin'. So when Bhe 8 away we leave the others to mind him. an — "Jones," called a shrill, sharp voice, "what are you doing there ? come back here direotty." B"I my dear Sally; Lord Strathmore IB D8F6T "Don't call him that, you fool," cried So]'v coming into the hall; "he's dead-an* the other one " Then seeing Hugh's taU form loo'„in e 0 ut of the darkness, and feeling th»' were fixed npon her in stern Hi»nlBMnre genttored a scream, and fled - "She's afraid of ghosts , >• JOBM. "But HI tell ' J « 5 y flesh!" And setting *£• ^ Wa klltw harried after hiirterr n ho ' In a short time • ned 8 P onae - . x - and apologized' they returned together, Ignoranoe of b' numbly for their conduct and he frank* «• coming was their exouse ; for their a- y accepted it as a good reason beenjndr* jparent alarm. That Jones naa very «y' Jging in too much strong drink was upon' ident. But when Sally's eye was aad >iim> he seemed to grow suddenly sober, d^ able to walk almost ereotabont the room. jtween them, they prepared a fairly appetizing supper, and just as Strathmore nad finished his last cigarette Sally appeared to say that his luggage bad arrived, and that his bed was quite ready for him when he chose to go to it. „ , " I don't like those two," he refleoted, as « be went out. " Why they should be here as care takers, I cannot imagine. Has this auBurd story of ghosts frightened away all cur respectable servants ? It is extremely uopletesnb However, these creatures shall not remain much loDger. A man who drinks i i dangerous. I will shut up the Abbey, and force uiy mother to leave it I am glad Mrs. L'armoutn gets her to go over to Ashton. It will do her good. But what on earth is l b A load crash, a scream, and the quick Tunnine of feet heie startled bin. and iumpinK up be x'rode to the door, and looked up and dbwo the corridor. . " What is that ? he called sharply. ^Ily appeared round the corner. She was v* ite and trembling. .. j._jt—was only m —ay lord. I let a \- Well, don't do it again, please. Ztik mini." Strathmorepassed on to .his bedroom, feeling more indignant than ever. " It la simply disgraceful," he oried. " Suoh a pair of fools an not fit servants for a gentleman's house. But they shall march before long. I hope my mother may return tomorrow ; If not I must go to Ashton to see her. Confound those two, will they never keep quiet ? Jones," he called, going into the passage again," will you and your wife atop that noise ? I am tired, and want to get to deep." "Ifs not me—nor Sally," replied the man, nervously, " But pleaBe don t mind it, my lord, it. won't do yon no harm. Ifs only what some people calls the ghosts." Strathmore stared at him, then burst out laughing. " Yon old fool," be cried, "get away to your bed. You don't know what you are talking about." " Yes, I do, my lord. He—I—." " Nohe don't, my lord," said Sally, running np and catching Jones by the arm. " When he's had his supper—he—he don't know nothing. Come along now. Bob. You must not make any more of your noises to disturb hiB lordship." And in spite of his endeavours to free himself from her grasp ehe dragged him away with her down the stairs. After this, complete Bilence reigned through the house, and Strathmore undressed and went to bed. He was tired, for his journey had been long and fatiguing; and he soon tell into a deep refreshing sleep. 