'Bogus liberalism/5 ME, TEAEL.L AN AUTHOEITY. THE EELIGION OF THIS COUNTET SHOULD BE— The resurrectionist party, evidently fearful lest the ghosts of long since expired theories, which they have raised, should be permanently laid, by the recent freetrade orations, have determined to hold a series of meetings to remove -any doubts that may have been created in the minds of the faithful. The first of these meetings was held last night at the New Masonic Hall — the Protestant Hall was hardly a suitable place for a protection (?) meeting. ' Bogus Liberalism ' was the title of the lec ture,andMr. VV.H.Traill,M.L.A.,wasthe leetnrer. No better authority on this subject could have been chosen ; for as an exponent of bogus liberalism Mr. Traill is equal to fair Henry Parkes on true liberalism, and both gentlemen are entitled to claim the credit of practising what, they preach. The meeting was advertised as ' with open doors, no tickets required,' and here the resurrectionists were right, freetraders don't create disturbances at public meetings, and the rush __ to hear Mr. Traill explain himself was not likely to be great enough to necessitate limiting admission to the hall to ticketholders. There was a good attendance, and among the audience were some prominent freetraders, while on the platform were several remarkable citizens. There were Mr. Geo. Perry, who so often has helped to pass a dull Sunday in the Domain ; sitting close to the great temperance advocate was Mr. Toohey, who has done so much for Mr. Perry's cause; Mr. Edmunds, the New South Wales Mark Anthony (not perfected) ; Mr. Scott Boss, the friend of the 'working man (in kid gloves) ; one or two gentlemen who are on the road to fame via the Trades and Labor Council ; and a score of others interested in bogus liberalism. Alderman Kippax occupied the chair, and announced that this was a public meeting, and that Mr. Traill had come to tell them the meanin'g of ' bogus liberalism..' Mr. Traill then stepped forward, and Mr. Scott Ross waved his handkerchief, and the audience ae cepteTl the signal and cheered. The lecturer then addressed himself to the task of reading extracts from the late freetrade addresses, and denying the truth of them. He confessed that he did not understand what Mr. Bruce Smith was driving at in his speech, although he had read it twice. He denied' that the subject of liberalism was a purely philosophical one, as stated by Mr. Smith, and then remarked : ' Thus then I sweep away the sophistries of this address.' Mr. Traill spoke highly of Mr. Gladstone, and his audience cheered the name, forgetting apparently that Gladstone is a free trader. He denied that toryism and protection were identical, or that liberalism and freetrade were the same; and undertook to reply to Sir Henry Parkes's challenge to name any friend of progress who had been a protectionist ; and he named Washington, Hamilton, Clay, Ben. Frank lin, and other Americans, and Thiers, once Presi dent of the French Republic. When Mr. Traill was extolling these names, one enthusiastic admirer of the speaker called out, ' You'll be the Australian Washington.' The religious aspect of the question was touched on, and a remark of the Premier's made some years ago referred to, in which Sir Henry Parkes had said that the religion of this country should be distinctively Protestant. The speaker contended that it should be distinctively nothing, and the sentiment was cheered. He travelled in the footsteps of the Premier in tne history of England — only giving his side of the question, and described at length the virtues of the Chartists, who he said were land nationalists and trae liberals. Henry George had learnt land nationalisation from Spence; the speaker had learnt it from \3eorge ; and if George was the first exponent of it to the world Mr. Traill said he was thejj first exponent of George's thoughts in this country. He spent some time in explaining what had become of his Electoral Eeform Bill, and Ms determination to pass it next session. On the question of the repeal of the Corn Laws of Great Britain, he said the Chartists — who were true Liberals — were opposed to it, and quoted from a book written by an old Chartist in support of his assertion. Mr. Traill, while remarking that Cobden's motives were mixed a bit, in repealing the Corn Laws, was kind enough to admit that Cobden was, he believed, a f^ood man at heart. Mr. Traill's defi nition of liberalism was ' trust in the people without any qualification whatever.' Had the speaker substituted the word ' manufacturers ' for 'people' no one would have doubted that this was protectionist liberalism. Votes of thanks to the lecturer and the chair man concluded the proceedings. 