A siiort time ago wo referred to tho necessity of supporting local indastrics and enabliog them to struggle in their infanoy against tho crushing rivalry of tho home producers, and wo showed how this could bo attained by real protection, not tho parody of tho thing wo havo at present, and which is only a standing re proach to tho principles it ridicules, and now a fresh argument for what wo con tend is afforded by tho premier manu facturing industry of tho colony, tlio Ip3wich Woollen Factory which has taken to itsolf wings on tho way to prosperity, and has given good evidence that now it has fairly passed all the troubles incidental to childhood and has reached manhoods' cstato with a long and vigorous life before it. Tho Ipswich Woollen Factory is now a pronounced success, gauged oven by the stern standard of pecuniary results, which aro not all or anything like all in a case of this kind, and yet profit is a factor, tho presence of which makes tilings very pleasant, and tho absoncoof which certainly does notcn- banco tho popularity, not to say tho suc cess of any enterprise, and so wo tako it that not alono did the hearts of tho share holders of tho company rejoice at tho sound of tho magic words dividends and bonuses, but everyone throughout the length and breadth of tho colony felt gratified that an industry that is taken as the illustration of protective doctrines time without number should now realiso tho best wishes of its Wattilest sup porters. For Bothd time tho Woollon Company passed through what seemed dark days to nmny .of the shareholders, but now nil that lias ceased, and tlio factory takes a place in tho front ranks, having marked it success by declaring tho substantial dividend of 1 2A per cent, inclusive of a bonus of per cent, re sults tbat aro in tho highest degree satis factory and show what can bo attained by energy and porsovoraneo against tho discouragement of adverse criticism. At the annual tncetintr held last week in Ipswich everything wore a pleasant aspect, and it is probable that tho old reproach of no dividends, against which tho directors contended for so long is liko an uncanny ghost now laid for over, for not only do tho directors foci and show confidence in their undertaking by gratifying a not unnatural desire of tho shareholders, but tboy purpose to keep pace with tho times and develop tho worsted goods brauch of tlio business Not a few hold that the Ipswich Com pany wore allowing » rival to snatch a rose from their chaplet when it was stated that a worsted factory wor being initiated in Brisbane. Now, howovor, wo learn that tho premier manufactory of tho colony did not intend to allow others to take time by tho forelock, for it seems that more than six months ago the directors made enquiries at Ballarat, the sent of woollen manufactories in Victoria, concerning tho machinery re quired for developing tlio worsted lino of tho business, and now they come for ward with n lully matured plan of action and it is proposed to issue 1 5,000 now shaves to enable them to carry out their intentions by 'erecting now buildings and purchasing machinery, and thus oxtend and dovelop the industry as much as possible. The now departure thus taken will bo watched with tho deepest in terest by all, and no doubt tho proprie tary will oxpcrionco the truth of tho adage <( nothing succeeds like success," for now that tho turning point has licon reached and smooth water gained all will rro well, and it is to be honed that day by day the products of tho Ipswich looms may find greater favor in tho oyos of tho public, and the Company bo thus oncouraged to push onward, for there is no reason why Ipswich should not turn out -as popular and useful woollen fab rics as Kapoi in New Zealand or Bal larat in Victoria. "We have, it is truo, a different climato to consult, but that af fords all tho more reason why Queens land manufactures should ho pushed ahead as other countries in tho tem perate zonos can never manufacture a stamp of goods thnt are essentially fitted for this colony. As tilings nro at pre sent the resident in tho sweltering heat of tho coast towns must either be con tent to fri/.zlo in clothing utterly un- sui(cd to tho climate, being made at home for liomo uso, or wear linen which medical testimony agrees in saying is most per nicious, howovor pleasant it may seem for a time. A short timo ago attontion was drawn to tho fact tbat a flock of black sheep wore thriving successfully, being culled out and maintained in a state of tawny purity, and it was pointed out that tho natural brown ting® of the wool, clear and bright as it is, worked up into a fabric most oxcollent in appcaranco and most durable, for aU know hovr much tho dyo-pot has to do with accelerating tho wear and tear of garments, aud we are sure that if the woollen factory were to tako up such lines as these, untouched almost as yet, the demand would for a loner time ex- coed tho supply, while it would be found to tho profit of tho wool grower to tend tbat which ho has hitherto looked upon as maranatha — black sheep. Medical science is daily urging upon peoplo the necessity for consulting health in their garments, and we havo seen the German woollen crusade successful to a marked degree. Flannels are the goods most suitable for our warm seasons in Queens land, but flannel possesses many disadvantages which wiU prevent it from coming into general use, chief among which are tho unkind tricks it plays in tho wash-tub. This difficulty, however, might bo wholly overcome were a suit able flannel to he ni&nafacturcd; out of the brown wool of which wo speak which would ho found cool and durable, while presenting none of tho objections tbat are met with at present in whito flannel. Serge, too, could bo made in natural brown wool and prove to aU intents and purposes everlasting. "Wo understand that tho experiment was made at home and Droved so cmincntlv successful aa to fully justify its trial by our prosperous friends in Ipswich. "We do not want a servile imitation of home, homo cannot really supply our wants as thoy should be supplied. Only those on the spot, knowing our climato and its changes, together with tho temperature varying so much, can successfully cater for our wants, and so a great futnro is before IpHwich, and for that matter Brisbane also, for there is ample room for both, and one will spur the other to exertion. A great many persons will remember tho efforts of tho initiators of tho Ip swich fnctory and how it was supported by tho30 who wore clear sighted enouj to seo tho future that would inevitab corao, and tho results have now justified those members of Parliament who did their utmost to aid the infant industry to the full. Tho woollen trade is now not only firmly established but launched on the path of success, and the colony as a wholo is to be congratulated on the manner in which tlio directors of tho Company have by their wiso firmness and forethought ignored all grumbling against paucity of dividends and nursed their enterprise until wo see it now ready to tako fresh flight and increase still furthor its usefulness. Db. Macobkqoii seems to l>o initiating a policy in Now Guinea that promises to be a thought moro active than that generally pursued in tho South Seas. It lma too often been a standing reproach that in tlio Islands justico swayed always to tlio side of tlio Bavage, and wo iiavo heard men assort that as long ns they re mained British subjects they would never ex pect justico at tho bauds of the English au thorities in whom was pluccd tlio power of ruling them for good or evil— thoso most con cerned said, ovil. "If you want to get fftir play in the Pacific becomo denationalised ; hoist tho French, German, or American flag, annex yourself to something other than Englund and you may got ou. If you remain a British subject tho kanaka's cunning, and tho ruler's prejudices must eventually ruin you." Such was tlio opinion of ono who had spent many years " rambling ou from island unto iKlnud nt the gateways of tho day," nnd there was truth in what ho enid for at one timo tho con duct of the High Commissioner of the "West ern Pueifio and hi deputies forced tho belief on ono that tho policy of gentleness, which is absolutely incomprehensible) to savages, was the order of tlio day in ruling tho Polynesian races, whilo on tlio other hand a martinet liko sovurity characterised tlio treatment of thoso unfortunates who not taking tlio advice of tho old beach-comber did not cliango their countiy, and made themselves nmeunblo to tho too often capricious treatment of English offici alism in tho Pacific. Thero is un inborn senso of fair play in tho Briton that revolts uguinst this sort of tiling, nud so tho Fiji group has not advanced as its natural characteristics — . . would havo led us to anticipate, for it seems to havo been virtually lmiulcd over to ofilebils, missionaries, and Sydney invostora. This is not tin it should bo, hilt it Is tho natural out come of tho policy pursued by Sir Arthur Gor- douand thoso whom lie trained. Dr. Macgregor served hispoKticalapprrutiecshipundcrSirAr- thurimt seems to have possessed enough ri< to remain independent of any teaching bin reason refused to recommend, nnd ho wo find a policy in which firmness nnd kindness nro well blended, lieing pursued nt Port Moresby. This is gratifying for thoso who feared that thu mistakes of Fiji were destined to be re pented in Pnpun, but a pleasant disappoint ment has awaited them, in tho manner in which tho Administrator 1ms dealt out stern, but impartial justico to murderers who being taken and convicted according to law, not tlio law of Eugluud alono, but the law to which every community, however primitive, bow«, the lawn that demnuds a life for il life,, for a certain stage, luxury, must supervene before n lifo becomes a matter of purchase murder punishable with a fino. Dr. -Macgregor caught tho murderers of Captain Anoell, and their trial conducted with all the forms proper fur tho occasion, resulted in four of tho Papuans being condemned to death nnd a number of others to varying tonus of im prisonment. Thoso who know anything of the fncilo Polynesian nature nro aware that such severe yet just treatment will be followed by most excellent results, nnd wo only hope that tho Administrator will continue to exhibit tho name firm front to his lilaok subjects, for by so doing ho will speedily pavo tho way far tho development aud. civilisation of British Now Guinea and British New Guiueamcn. The tariff of Queensland, as imposed by Sir ThomauM'Iiwnrith, is exciting very unfavor able comment in tlio Southern colonies, and in New South Wales nttcutiou lias been' 'drawn to Queensland ns it was under the old reginio and under tlio new, a comparison that docs not tend to the ndvnutagc of affairs as thoy are at present. Tlio Sydney Morning Herald devotes considerable space in its loader columns to ft candid condemnation of protection according to tho Nationalists of Queensland, and the entire fallacy of tho system, its utter futility to accomplish that for which it was imposed, is demonstrated very clearly. It is very un- fortunnto that this very peculiar phase of pro tection has been put hi force hi Queensland, for thereby has tho cause of protection as wo rend it been immeasurably injured, and to what end ? None. Save that tho coffers of tho Govenuneut should bo swelled by enforced «- actions from tho poor, instead of contributions from the rich. Doubly unfortunate is tlio uuwisc attitudo the present Government liuvo taken, for henceforth we fear thnt protection will bo nunthoma inanmatliii to the poor man who will ever associate it with tho heavy mulcting ho was forced to endure ut tho hauds of thoM'Dwmith Government. Unfortunate also is this taxation for unother rcasou, for it cannot bo doubted that Queensland herself will bo very seriously injured, for n journal liko tho M. Herald curries weight wherever it goes, aud in this lender working men are warned away from Queensland, warned to think well before they make their homes here, and yet uve not tho deductions fully justified? A glance at the old nud now tariff in another column will show tho light in which a pniient observer sees it. It will show thnt tho price of servant girls' shoes hnR gono up 30 per ceut, that boots as a wholo havo gono up from 71- to 10 per ceut, while men's clothing has also l>ccii raised. In grocer' tho now tariff has been so graduated us to press witli tho greatest severity upon tho wonting man who ourns his bread by tho sweat of ltis brow, and finds tho Government step in nnd snatch half of it out of his month, and yet how often did wo hear Sir Thomas M'll- wrnith explain ou tho electioneering platform that all Iiis aim would bo to rcliovo tho pressure from tho laboring man, and, savo tho mark ! tho working mail is relieved from pressure by nil addition of 10 per cent on almost everything tlmtho consumes. Let tho laboring mnn rend that, mark that, and inwardly digest that. It is ho who is mulcted, and if ho bcliovo not us, let him turn to tho statistics in tho nrticlo on tho tariff and ho will seo very unpleasant facts mndu only too plain. Tho living of mechanics each with a wifo and four children has been increased ns much ns 7s. 6d. per week, whilo tho increased expenditure ranges from Is. to 5s. per week for each adult, and tlint is what we havo gained from tho now Govern ment. It is not protection, however, not protection ns wo rend it, it- rather resembles what tho Yankees call "pure enssedncss." Real protection would not raiso tho prico of imported and colonial article alike, yet this has been done for we find thnt hums for instance are stamped with tho M'llwrnith broad arrow Id. per pound higher no matter whether thoy bo tho English or Colonial article. This is not us it should bo, this is certainly not protection but rather oppres sion. Tlio cliango of Ministry is certainly not calculated to mako tho working man feel happier for what has ho gained to com pensate him for an increased expenditure thnt thut ho can ill ufford. As wo pointed out in a former articlo tho working man is the lust to grumblo at an increnso of prico us long ns ho is convinced that tlio imposition can bo defended on tlio grounds of patriotism. For this last is protoction as it should be, but nut as it is, under tho rcgimo of Sir Thomas M'Hvrraith. Thoso fino distinctions, how ever, tho majority caunot, or will not, take the trouble to understand, nud ho thero will be a . tendency to put all tho blnuic of pseudo- protection on tlio shoiddcre of protection pure and Bimplc, nnd thus give tho people bouud hand and foot to frce-trndo with its policy unselfish perhaps, but ruiuous. 