What England Owes to the Cath olic Church. IMPORTANT PRONOUNCEMENT BY CAR DINAL MANNING. Sunday, the feast of St. Augustine was observed with special solemnity at the Church of St. Mary of the Angels, Bayswater. A crowded congregation were present at the High Mass, when the Cardinal Archbishop preached and made the annual appeal for the schools of the mission. His Eminence took his text from the Epistle of St. James i. 18—" Of His own will, He hath forgot ten us by the word of Truth, that we might be some beginning of His Creat ures." Explaining these words, His Eminence said they meant that God had made us, by our regeneration by water and the Holy Ghost, to be His sons. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Now, what the first Adam was in the first Creation, the second Adam was in the new creation. And who is the sec ond Adam ? He is the Eternal Son of God, and of the Immaculate and Blessed Virgin. The first Adam was created out of the virgin earth, before sin had cursed it. The Son of God took our humanity, and assumed it into God, so that there never was a humanity so per fect as the humanity of Jesus Christ. He was God incarnate— God visible, palpable, audible among men. And therefore, our Lord Jesus Christ is the first fruits of the new creation of God. And if so, what is His mystical body, which is the Church among all nations ? What is Christendom ? Christendom is the first fruits of the regenerate humanity, of all those who are born again by water and the Holy Ghost — it is the first wheatsheaf taken out of the great harvest-field of the world. That which is born of flesh is flesh, and that which is born of the spirit is spirit ; and every one born and regenerated by water and the Holy Ghost, is a child of God in a sense, and an elevation beyond all the first creation. Well, now, His Emin ence asked, what is the meaning of all this ? I will tell you in one word. There never was, in the world, a home, until God restored. THE ORIGINAL LAW OF PERFECTION whereby, in the Sacrament of Matrimony, the husband and the wife become indis solubly, and, for ever, until death shall part them, united before God. The one law was the beginning of all Christian homes. And the Christian home is the school in which the children of God, who are born again of water and the Holy Ghost, are trained up in His love and the knowledge of the faith ; and there fore, Christian education is nothing but the domestic law of Christian homes. Christian homes, and children educated in Christian homes, formed a society, and then a nation, and then Christen dom itself, which is nothing more than THE AGGREGATE AND THE CONFEDERA TION OF CHRISTIAN HOMES, in the unity of the faith and the worship of God — one body, one spirit. And Christendom therefore, is the first fruits of the new harvest-field, out of which the reaper is continually gathering sheaves that are ripe in their season. They are gathered into the eternal garner — that is, the communion of saints, which is the offspring, and first fruits of the great harvest-field, in this world. Let us make a practical appli cation of all this. Whose festival are we keeping to-day ? We are keeping the festival of St. Augustine, the Apostle of England, and the first Archbishop of Canterbury. And this festival brings to us A FLOOD OF HISTORICAL MEMORIES. More than that, it lays upon us all, an obligation and a duty which we cannot fail to fulfil, without making ourselves responsible before God. I need not go into history — you all know it. In the year 597, St. Augustine, with his com panions, landed on the coast of Kent. They came in procession, singing their litanies, and carrying before them, the image of our Blessed Saviour. King Ethelbert, whose wife, Queen Bertha, was a Christian, was most full, I will say, of the Christian spirit. He re ceived them gladly. The see of Canter bury was found, and St. Augustine, who was consecrated afterwards, became its first Archbishop. The whole of England, within a century, became Christian, more or less — that is, the seed of Christianity was sown all over the face of England, and, in another cen tury, England had become England. It was not England before. It did not bear the name. It was not a united people. It was divided into seven, or five, or three, continually conflicting and warlike races. Within 200 years of the coming of St. Augustine, it had become England, and one ; and it has been one from that hour to this. What did it ? Not warfare, not bloodshed, not legislation. There was no supreme leg islative power. What made England one ? The pervading life of Christian faith which, pervading all these separate and conflicting races, drew them into the bond of charity, made them one people, and gave them one name, which they bear to this day. England was made one by Christianity— by the Christian faith. This being so. WHAT CAN UNMAKE ENGLAND ? Well, we might be unmade by powers greater than ourselves. We might be brought to ruin, by internal revolutions and conflicts and seditions. But there is something more subtle, more stealthy, more secret, far more deadly— and that is, if England should ever lose its Christianity. For, if Christianity made England, the loss of Christianity would unmake it. Well, the Christianity which Augustine brought, continued for seven or eight hundred years unmutila ted — as he taught it. You know what happened 300 years ago. I am not going to talk controversy — there is no need. That one perfect universal faith — which is called Catholic because it is universal— were shattered, and became fragmentary, lost its perfection. Nev ertheless, even in its mutilation, it sur vived, and I call England Christian still. Those who believe in the Ever Blessed Trinity, and the Incarnation and the Holy Ghost, are CHRISTIANS, THOUGH NOT CATHOLICS. They alone are Catholics, who believe in the whole revelation of the Day of Pen tecost, and in the whole circumference of faith, which is believed in all the Christian world. Nevertheless, the English people, retaining so much of the original tradition of Christianity, are Christians, and I rejoice over it. But that terrible disruption which rent England from Christendom, and which shattered the full and perfect faith of the Day of Pentecost, has had this result. Some years ago, it was found that there were a million of children in Christian schools, but there were some thing like THREE MILLIONS IN NO SCHOOLS at all. Nothing is more certain than that, when faith is mutilated, charity is relaxed. An imperfect faith shows itself in the slackness, and the want of energy, which spring from the charity of faith. What was the result of that faith? There came upon us a visitation. The schools of England had been schools of imperfect Christianity, but then there came the creation of a system of schools, in which it was intended that no Christianity should be taught. If Christianity made England, what would such an education without Christianity do, but unmake it ? I am bound, how ever, to say this : These schools which, by law, are without Christianity, by the will and conscience and UPRISING OF THE PEOPLE OF ENGLAND, have become religious schools of an im perfect Christianity. I cannot call them Christian schools — I would I could. But I am bound in honour and con science, to say that those schools have admitted Christian prayers, Christian hymns, and the reading of the Bible— though with an imperfect interpretation by untrained persons. I cannot say, that schools which have voluntarily ad mitted all this, are not religious schools. And yet the religion is imperfect and mutilated, which bars me, and I cannot therefore, call them Christian schools. In the meanwhile, What are our Catho lic schools ? They are the unbroken tradition of the faith that Augustine brought. They have never yielded a jot or tittle of the perfect faith, which we derived from that fountain in which the water of life is always full. If anybody thinks me overbold, I bid him to read the history of the Anglo-Saxon race by St. Bede, who wrote within a century AFTER THE COMING OF ST. AUGUSTINE. What do we read there ? We read of the primacy, the supremacy of the Vicar of Christ over the whole unity of the Catholic world, entering into England. We read of the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass. We read of the invocation of saints. We read of the honour which ought to be paid the Immaculate Mother of God. We read of the purification of souls after death. We read of the seven Sacraments of the New Law. That whole faith, which we call the faith of Pius IV., as delivered to us by the Council of Trent and THE COUNCIL OF THE VATICAN —the whole faith we find in the history of the Venerable Bede. Well, that is the faith which is taught your children in every Catholic school. To this hour, the tradition is unbroken, and no power on earth can break it, for "the gates of hell cannot prevail against it." 