A .ieadless Ghost. An English Farmer's Cruel Revenge on IIis False Lady Love. About thirty miles south of London, in one of the prettiest parts of England, is a village called Shalford. Adjoining it is a large common, or public pasture. There are a few houses fronting on it, prominent among which there was, about twenty years ago, a rather singular-looking dificee, known to the village folk as the " Black House." The name was apparently ill-chosen, for the bricks wero white and the tiles a bright red. But there was a good reason for the name, as any local gossiper has pleased to explain. The house had been built by a farmer named Somers for the reception of a young lady of good position who was shortly to become his bride. The wedding day had been fixed. But a few days before the one fixed for the wedding day the bride dissappeared, and a f÷ew hours after her departure a farm handin the employ of Somers was also sought for and found not. Rumor coupled the two nnmes, and thlodio. appointed bridegroom started eli in hot hauto in pursuit. For several months the house remailned untenanord, but one night lights were observed in the windows. The next day there was much speculaticn as to whether Somers had returned or whethcr he had rented. But there was no nigns of life during the nret nnr tiro eucce diuts a.tn , .a finally it waee thought advisable to force an entry. Accordingly the local blacksmith and Semers' farm bailiff broke open the front door. The house was found exctlly as left by Somers when he started out on his tour of revenge, nor was there any eeplanation to be detected of the lights seen at night. That evening the windows v.cro again bright, and for several rucersive nights the phenomeno n was repeated. Finally a corn. mittee of three was appointcd to invcstigat'e, The members of the committc were the blacksmith, the perish clerk, andl an old skeptic who believed in no one but himself. After cating a hearty supper at the village inn the trio set out on their task. The clerk was very nervous, the blacksmith defiant and the skeptic sarcastic. The door was forced open and the men proceeded to iuvestig:ate. They made a tour of all the roomy, bue dis covered nothing. The clerk bcamae reas. sured, the b!cksmith sighed for someone or something to fight, and the skeptic threw in an "I told you there was nothing" every two or three minutes. But shortly before midnight the light of the lanterns carried by the intrepid icvesti gators was supplemented by a tright illumi nation which seemed to have no natural source. The clerk looked at the blaeksmith!,, rnd even the ekeptic felt himself at fault. Suddenly the first named rprang to his feet and rushed headlong out into the passage, along it to the front door, and through it on to the open pasture. The blackemith and the ekcptio turned and decided to follow his lead as best they could. For, standing in the far corner was a figure so weird that not even the skeptic could ecntrol his fears. It was the figure of a young woman, absolutely head!oss, and ensvoiped in a shroud of ear pasIing brilliancy. From this unnatural clothing the mysterious light seemed to emerge. The two men got away safely and corroborated the parish clerk's deceription of the scene. The story was not generally credited, but again and again was the house rented, only to be vacated by sech eucceedi-:g tenant after one day's occupation. Neither Somers nor his falsa lady love ever reap peared at Shalford, and when your cnrrce pondent last saw it the blaok hiouso was still unoccupi:d and was gradually falling into ruins. 