ClIAl'TKB IX.-THBODOII THE WuDOW. When i uke Staudieh came cut of the ewoon which followed bia dream or supernatural VÍBÍOD, whichever it rotgut be, he stared wildly around him, net remembering for s few momenta where he waa sud what had happened. Tuen his memory came back with s rush, and an irrepressible shudder shook hÍB frame as he recalled the horror he had endured prior to losing hie «enevB. The first question he put to bimi elf was-Had he been dreaming, or »as he aware when he eaw, or fancied bc saw, that strange, weird-looking figure disappear in the tall just beyond where he was fcT.il! sitting ? A dream, surely. It was absurd to think t could be anything else. Glancing down the road, Luke could see the lampe of his comrades who were still awaiting hie return, and it struck him that he must have been unconscious for only a very short time, or they would have come to seek bim. Then he arose, und with cue last glance aiound, walked down the road to rejoin his workmates. AB he went along, he made up hi« mind to say nothing to them of the singular incident that had just befallen him. There were several reaBOns for this. Ia the first place, Luke Wis known aiming his comrades as a profound disbeliever in all things pertaining to dreams uud epeotrat visitations, and had always criticised in a most unmercif ul manner the ghost «tories eotno of the old pitmen were fond of narrating. Again, he thought, and perhaps rightly, that the recital of his strange experience might discourage his companions, and incline them to believe that they were all doomed to perish in the subterranean wilderness in which they were entangled. " Have all bin a good while away !" Luke asked, as he joined Joe sud the other two who were still sealed where be bad left them. " Middliti'," Joe answered ; " did yo' fshod owt ?" " A fa' o' roof, that's ew," Luke replied. " V hat'e eawr next move, Joe t" " Ali dun know," Thompsou cried wearily. " Ah think we mut os wcel dee heer as any wheer ehe." " A h'm going' no further," one of the other men cried doggedly. " It's no use ramblin' abeawt whim we duonot kuow wheer we are." "Sumbuildy ull ba' to fahnd us," tbe other man broke in, for we cannot fahnd eawrsels, an' they'll fahnd us heer es weel os any wheer else." j "Ah'm gooiu' to ha' o sleep, Luke I" Thompson exclaimed. " Ah'm gradely done UP;". . Luke eaw that it would be vain on his part tn urge bia comrades to continue their rambling just then, and it seemed there was small bupu of them finding their way unaided. fo he followed the example of the others, and reate ? himtelf on the cold hard floor of the mine. In a few moments he could hear the deep drawn regular breathing of tired men sleeping. Two of the men were already slumbering in entire oblivion of their situation, and a few minuted afterwards Joe Thompson also fell asleep. Then Luke standish drew a piece of chalk from his waistcoat pocket, and upon the rocky side ol tin- place be bad ascended he wrote hie name tu large thick strokes that would take years to obliterate, and in addition to this be inscribed the day of the month and year. He would be able to recognise the spot again should it ever kc his lot to revisit it, and, evcu at that moment it eeemed probable that at rome time or other be would desire to ace thc place where he bad, either iu fancy or fact, encountered that blue- shirted, dark bearded figure. It was D"w nfier nine o'clock. They had been wandering among the old galleries for nearly five hours, and were, it appeared, DO nearer liberty than when they set cut just after th : roof collapsed. There waa oo telling bow much longer their imprisonment might last. AU that day might elapse, perhaps much lunger, before aumeuoe came to lead them from out tbat huge labyrinth whose windings seemed endless. Thc dense unbroken stillness was both im- pressive and oppressive, and seemed to weigh heavily on Luke's heart and min.i. He would have slept also, but bis bead ached toofearfully to allow him to eleep. So he eat there pondering many thinge, and slowly the minutes slid past, every oue seeming to impress itself upon tbs young mine**. He looked again at his watch and found it was a quarter-|iast ten. Joe Thompaon and the others ali'l slumbered as peacefully as if they were at home in their respective beds, and a sullen despair was beginning to fasten upou Luke, wr.en at last his tired eyelids fell and lie slumbered. But his sleep was of Bhort duration. He had hardly closed his eyes, it teemed, when his attention was aroused by some distant Hound, nud in a moment he was listening intently. What «a« it that awoke him ? Was it thc clatter of falling roof, or the j eouiid ol approaching feet? tie bent down low, placed his ear against the cold floor, and held bis breath, while he listened in au intense, excited way. Thud 1 thud 1 thud 1 fell lowly, but unmis- takably, upon bis strained bearing, and rising to a sitting posture he ehouted with all the power of bis deep, strong lunga : "Hallo! Hallo! Hallo V Joe Thompson and the other sleepers rose suddenly to their knees, staring wildly about, unable to understand the gieat noise Luke had made. " There's sumbuddy abeawt 1" Luke cried to his wondering, eleepy-eyed mates. " I've beard feet ! Let's aw sheawt together !" The next moment four powerful voices blent together, end a mighty "Hallo !" swept along the old galleries of the mine. Intense stillness followed for an bâtant, and then they all heard a clear, piercing whistle. Again their joined voices rang out ; once more a wave ol eound rolled awittly along the low galleries, sod the whistle answered their shout. A minute afterwards old Ike Ells- worth, the othor fireman and two men were beside them, each one glad to find all the missing miners safe. " What's np lads ?'.' old Ike asked jocularly, .' Han yo' bin lost ?" " Ab think thah knows," Joe Thompson [ cried, ill hnmouredly. " We'n bin like four wand'rin Jews sin' four o'clock this mornin'." "Thah shouldn't o gelten lost, Joe," retorted Ellsworth, "for thah's bin tbro' th'air-roads afoor." "Ay, ah have, Ike, burah'U never gooa thro' em again," and Joe shook his head with great solemnity, " It was Joe us sed ho knowod t'road," one of the men growled, "and he lost hissel un us too." "Never mahnd, lad," wai Joe's response, " ah'll never do it no moor." There was a general laugh at Joe's expense, and then they prepared to quit the placo, old Ike Elleworth leading. Without the least difficulty thc old fireman lcd them out of the labyrinth, and Luke and his comrades were not overpleascd to notice that they bad crossed and re crossed the right way many a time. All the way out Luke Standish used his chalk unsparingly, making signs upon the roof and sides every score of yards. Old Ike and the other men laughed when they saw him doing this, for they imagined that he was only taking such precautions as would cuable him to find hie way out of the maze io futu'c, whereas, in reality, he was thinking of returning thither some day. rie had not yet forgotten the blue-Btiirted, dark-bearded figure, and every fr« eh chalk mark ho made attested to the depth of tho impression the incident had made upon him. After a long fatiguing walk thc pit Bhuft was reached, and a few minutes after the four miners were standing ou the pit bank in the warm automo. sunshine. Kate waa busy at her work ut number shouting, and she could only flash across to him a look of deep love and thankfulness that amply repaid the miner for all the annoyance of the last few hours. Just as Luke sud the others were about to ie»ve thc pit^bank the manager, Mr. Latham, put in bis appearance. He, of ooursc, had beard of the great fall in the north level and had been unaiay regarding thc misting men, and now expressed bis pleasure at seeing them all safe, Luke bad to give him sn account of all the events of ihn preceding night, and by the time tim was done the steam whistles wcro announcing the dinner hour. Mr. Latham was both a feeling man and a generous master. Knowing the four men were greatly exhauotcd by last night'» wanderings ho intimated that each of tbcm could take a holiday that evening, and that their wages should be paid io full ut the week cud. This pleased tbe miners very much, and each went home happy. The relatives of the missing men had been informed that their bread-winners were in no danger, being merely detainediu the pit through an accident, and this information hud allayed mauy fears in tbe missing miners' homes. On reaching borne Luke found his mother awaiting his coming somewhat auviously. The miner was almost famished with his long fast, having eaten nothing since midnight, und after a hearty meat be washed himself uud went to bcd. The remembrance of thc singular incident that had befallen him when he left his comrades for a epaie to explore the old road had seldom been cut of Luke's thoughts since the occurence, sud the affair troubled his miud still when slumber seized bis tired brain aud wearied limbs. In his sleep he wee again lost ia the old galleries of the old King Pit, once more he left his workmates to go up the old road to find it closed at the top by a heap of fallen cool. Again he scated himself disgusted ere turning to rejoin his follows, and once more WOB he struck sick and dumb with unspeakable borraron feeling that weird-iookiog, noiseless, blue-shirted, black bearded figure pass through him and then slowly disappear amid the fallen roof-heaps. The dream cuded suddenly there -sleep also ; and the miner sprang tu a sitting posture in bed, his face oovered with thick beads of cold sweat and the horror of it still upon bim. Then be lay back again on bis pillow, and tn a few moments was fast asleep again, and tbis time his heavy clumber was neither broken nor disturbed hy any phantom fancies. When Luke next awoke lt was a little after six in tho evening, so arising, he dressed and went out for a walk. He regretted now that he had not told Kate of the haliday the manager had given bim and the others, and made au appointment with her. It was a linc evening, worm and still, and Luke struck for tho fields, ou the eastern borders of the town, where one in half-an hour's walk might get beyond tho smoke and smell of Ashford. The big red sun hung low in the west, encompassed by a thin veil of haze which gave promise ol a fine sunset, whilst here and there the blue sky was dotted with islands of fleecy « bite cloud. The shorn wheat stood in thick sheaves in the fields Luke «trolled through, and amid the ripe-leaved trees song- birds »ere piping their vesper roundelays. Now and again he met a pair of lovers loitering about the stiles or sitting under the hedgegrows. But Luke had no eye thia evening for tho grace and light and life about him. He was immersed in reflection, aud his thoughts were of his late dream and the remarkable incident that preceded and doubtless origiouted it. Looking back now and calmly regarding the incident which befell him np the old roail be was forced to think it also bad been a dream. But the features cf the man bc bad seen, his dresa and figure, tlie weird aspect of bis fací -every detail WBB indelibly impressed upon Luke's mind as if be had kuown the mau for years and seen him tboUBands of times. Thus muviug, Luke came to a fitaudstill. beside a grassy bank, where a big leaved sycamore threw a broad ehadow, sod here he eat down, fie had scarcely eeattd hiimelf when an ¡ilea flashed through his mind, followed by an instantaneous determination to give sn effect to the fancy. F.om one of his pockets the young pitman drew an old pocket book, out of another he fished a piece of blackhead pencil, aud sharpening the latter he proceeded to carry out the idea that bod struck bim. Luke hail attended the Art i-chool held in the town for a couple of seesionB, and was able to eketrh a little. Going to work earnestly, if slowly and laboriously, be contrived, in the space of half-an-hour or so, to produce a crude, yet singularly striking likeness of tbe ligote be bad seen in the old gallery of the Kiug Pit. When the rune sketch was finished he held it at arm'n length and scanne.) it attentively. There before him were the form, face, aud clothes lin remembered BO well. He bad missed nothing, 'l here were the o rduroy breeches, patched at the knees ; the blue flannel thirt, toro at the elbows ; the compact form, and heavily bearded face, with its weird aspect. All were reproduced, rudely, it is tiue, but sufficiently near tbe original to satisfy Luke. Gazing at the lines be had made, the likeness fitruck him to much that a trace of the old shivering horror seized him, sud he hastily leplaced. the pocket book iu biB pocket. Then be arose from the grsB«y slope and continued his walk, taking a direction that would lead bim, by a somewhat circuitous route, past liuiiuister's How, in one of the. cottages nf which hi« sweetheart lived. But the leugth nf tbe walk was of small import to Luke, aa bc had cot tc work until the following evening. TheAun wu se'.ting now amid great backs of crimson and amber clouds, and through great < ifts in the gorgeous coloured vapour the glorious light streamed forth, dyeing every- thing it touched a deep blood-red hne, and trust arming tbs prosaic landscape to a picton of weird unearthly beauty. By the time Luke Standish came in sight of Bannister's Kow the sunset's glory «ss over, the Western heaven bad lost all its splendour i of colouring, and to mark where the sun bsd so lately fallen were only some feint streaks of grey far up toward the zenith, whilst apon the horizon's rim there still burned a dull blackish-red glow. The miner had resolved to call opon the Leigbs for a few minutes, and as he esme to the corner of the little garden patch he lifted the latch of tbe gate and stepped open the Darrow gavelled walk. Suddenly he paused, his gaze fixed intently upon the lower window of the cottage in which the Leigha lived. There was a good light inside the room, and as the blind was not pulled down, Luke could sec everything withio the apartment, whilst he remained invisible to those inside, And what he saw ehot into his heart a pang of keenest pain, and sent the blood in hot, passionate surges of jealousy through his brain. This is what he saw : lo the centre of the small room was a equure table, and on the farther side of this, with their faces to the window, so that Luke could see them both clearly, were Kate Leigh and a dark, hand- some young fellow. They were etanding side by side, so close that their garments touched, and their eyes were fixed upon the open pages of slime book or magazine. From their movements and the play of their lips-for no sound reached Luke-be could tell that they were talking ; and Kate seemed to be quite at home with the good-looking and well dressed gentleman who wa« standing beside ber. The man waa a perfect stranger to Lake, i who had not the remotest idea of his business there. But one thing concerning bim the miner had already divined. The man was in j love with Kate ; was a rival of his own ; and tn judge irom present appearances, the 1 stranger was not sn opponent to be despised. These thoughts flashed through his mind in the space of two or three moments ; and ss be j stood there by the gate of the garden, irresolute whether to torn homeward or toward the cottage door, be witnessed some thiog that added another pang to those be already endured. Kate waa bent low over the open pages, whilst her companion stood upright by ber side. One of the girl's long, dark tresses hod escaped from its crimping pins, and seizing it, uuoueerved by Kate, the young fellow toyed with it a moment, lifted it ta bis lips, »nd kissed it lovingly. Thc next moment Kate turned to her com- panion, and perceiving her vagrant tresa in kia bands blushed furiously. Some words were exchanged, bot Luke could only guess vaguely at their purport; then ho saw his unknown rival, with deft white fingers, re confine the glossy lock of bair. lie waiter! to Bee na more. Turning out of the garden, ho hurried post the row of cottages, through the fields, over the stile, into tbe wagon road, sud through the colliery yard, homeward. Far the first time in his life the young pitman was experiencing tbe extraordinary pains of jealousy. Hot-blooded as he was by nature, the little scene, of which be had been aa unsuspected witness, bsd aroused within his breast euob feelings ss he had never dreamed himself capable of harbouring. Aud when Luke turned bis back upon tbe white cottage, all love seemed crushed oat of his heart, and his excited brsio was fitted with bitter, unuttered thoughts of Kate Leigh and the unknown man who, he believed, bad ousted him from her affections. (To be continued.) 