THE HUMORIST. MR. AND MRS. BOWSER. [By Mils. Bowsbr.J " Well, what do yon think ?" queried Air. Bowser, as he looked up at me aoroia the eupper table one evening. «yon — yon haven't been and bought another horse, Mr. Bowser?" ... " Horse! Can't yon think of anything bat horse ? I suppose you'll throw that horae up to me to yonr dying day?" ... *• I'm so glad yon hftre dsoided not to bay another! Is it some more chickens, or a now fire-esoape, or another dog to eat ne up?" He turned pale, and refused to say another word for two hours. Then he could bold him self no longer, and he suddenly obeerved :— "X suppose yon will feel proud of the title of Mrs. Aid. Bowser." " What do you mean ?" "Justiwhat I say. You are soon to be known as Mrs. Aid. Bowser." " Are you going to run for office ? "lam. It was all settled this afternoon. X am going to be nominated for alderman for tbiBward." " Mr. Bowser, is it possible that yon are going to let them lead yon into any each loolishneu ? I thought you had a more level head than that, in spite of all yonr mistakes." " My mistakes !" he shouted. " I never | -made one in my life, except when II married I .yon i Level head! I'd like to see some one who carries a more level head than I do!" " And so yon are going to be an alderman ?" " If I live." "But what for?" " Beoauae it is the wish of the people. My oonntry calls. The oommittee have \- canvassed the ward and oonclnded that I was not only the best man for the offioe, but the only one who Btood any show.against the vicious opposition. It is a sacrifice on i my part, bnt the true patriot must be ready ■ to sacrifice." "il'm so sorry!" "Sosorry! For what? Because I have 'been selected above all others! Because honours have been thruBt upon me ! Mrs. Bowser, you have never appreoiated the -man you married, and you probably never will." .... •' Well, I shan't say any more. 1 think it 1 is a put-up job to get money outof vou, and I . know what a gang will be running here after yon. It's yonr own affair, however. Don't blame me if yon get left." "There yon go! Always opposed to me ! I can plainly Bee why some men never get along. If I had a wife like some I know of :l'd have been Governor of the State long ago. I'm going to rnn, however, and after I'm • eleoted you'll probably be iust mean enough to say you brought it about." i didn't say any more. As soon as he left the house next morning I prepared for visitors, and I was not disappointed. He was . hardly out of Bight before the bell rang, and I opened the door to fiod a dirty-looking •- fellow, with his hat on his ear, who asked— " Is Bowser home ?" " No, sir." " Gets ont pretty early, doesn't he ? Leave . any money for me ?'' gg" No, sir." " He didn't, eh ? Party specimen of a can . didate, he is! Expects ns to do all the \- tignrin' fur nothing, dosB he ?" " Who are yon, sir?" "Who are I?" he repeated as he slanted -his hat a little more and spit over his . shoulder. " I'm the party as carries this ward in his vest pocket, I am, and if old Bowse don't cum down liberally he gets leit. ' Tell him to come and see me." Nine times that forenoon I answered the bell to find a ward-heeler or some other sort of politioal parasite on the doorstep. One of < them even went eo far as to ask me to pledge Mr. Bowser to vote for him to ran one of tne \- City Hall elevators. There were three others waiting for him when he got home to dinner, and I saw him give them money. He came \- in excited and jubilant, and when I told him what had oocurred he replied— " Let the dear people come! They know -that I am the man to do all I can for them if I am elected, and eleoted I shall be as sure \- as the sun rises on the day. What do yon think ? I was talking with a prominent man belonging to the opposition, and be said it would be no use for his party to pat up a man against me. Bowser stoc* is way up, \- hey!" For a week I lived in a state of miserable agitation. Every hoar in the day a ward \- heeler rang the bell, and when he wasn't \- ringing, it waa some man who wanted a sower < or other contract. Every evening the honse waa fall of politicians laying plans and . guzzling down my ourrant wine, and on three ! nights Mr. Bowser had to " go the rounds" 1 of the ward and " see the boys." On the last! night Ii had to help him upstairs, and the tears rolled down his cheeks aB he whim . pered :— "Shay, Mrs. Bowser, it just breaks my heart to ehee how e'r people love me. They > cry f'r me, and—and I cry f'r zhem !" This went on for a week, and then the caucus waa held to nominate. Mr. Bowser said he wonld go through by acolamation, but as the boya wonld expeot some sort of \- speech, not to say a keg of beer, afterwards, he would have to be on band. As soon as nominated there would be no more heelers innning after him, and a nomination meant eleotlon by a large majority. I didn't say \- much, but I felt pretty ante how it wonld . come ont. Along about 9 o'clock he came home. He was running. He also breathed hard and : looked white. ; " What on earth is the matter now ?" I asked, as he banged into the hall. " G—gone!" ho gasped. "HowgoDe?" " Gone np." "Mr. Bowser, tell me what has happened. Yon act bb if you had met a ghost and lOBt | yonr senses." " 1—I didn't get the nom—nomination!" he whispered, bis Knees quaking so that he had I \- to ait down on a chair. [ " Why didn't you ?'' " Beoanse they oonclnded that Mr. Scott -was the more popular and the stronger mao." " What! That cross-eyed loafer who was arrested only last week for whipping his •wife ?" " Y—yes." We looked at enah other for a long time without speaking. Thenleatd— " I thought the dear people loved you, Mr, Bowser." " Yee." " You were to be selected above all others and bononrs thrust upon yon." "Yes." " Yonr country oalled upon yon to do wn the virions opposition. You were the patriot | who was ready to sacrifice himself." "Yes." " How much has thiB experience oost yon ?" "Four hundred." " Well, you have made a fool of yourself, and I hope it will be a lesson to you. Yon'd | better go to bed." " I—I guess I will!" At midnight he woke up, sat up in bed, and exclaimed:— "Look here, old lady, I hope yon feel better, having aooompliehed |your villainous objeot?" " What do yon mean 1" "I mean that you defeated me la the caacus! Everybody knows you, and thia opportunity for revenge eonld not be paued over. Mrs. Bowser, yon have gone a step too far." " 60 to sleep." "Yea, I'll go to sleep, hat don't imagine I shall forget or overlook your base dnplioity. I have borne and borne, bnt this la the end 1" Next morning, however, he made no refe renoe to the matter, and aaeome of hie party made him believe that he had been with drawn in the interests of harmony, he oame home one day to observe— "I hear that my name is being mentioned for Mayor, but I Bhan't take the nomination. I prefer to be a plain, hnmble citizen,"— Detroit Free Press, 