THE HOME GARDEN. Mr. Angus Mackay lectured iu the Bowral Scliool of Arts, on Thursday evening last, on the subject of " The Homo Garden." There wore about 51) per sons present, including a number of ladies; mid tlio Mayor occupied the chair. As on previous occa sion!!, tlio lecture was illustrated by means of dia giains, which assisted the ainlionce to more closely follow the remarks of the speaker. In regard to the soils of this district Mr. Mackay reiterated his re marks made last, week, statins; that 1w In 1 lwcoine more convinced in. the, soundness of litem as lie Ixad sinco hail fuvilicr opportunities of investigation. In speaking ol the home garden he drew the lino between professional and amateur gardening; urxl re ferred to the fact that it was one of tlio special sub jects^ which \vera being taught in the technical1 eol lege in Sydney, at which the dasues this yoar were tui> largest, yet in connection with the institution. Thero was uo million people oa the face of' the earth so badly off for vegetables ns the million people in Mow South Wales. Itv dealing with the subject oa the platform, it assisted him to draw two fancy pictures—tho " humpy " surrounded' by the garden-, and the cottage without the garden;— tho formar showed the home instincts.. Fruit and vegetables should not couie under tho heading of luxuries"—they were absolute foods,and- good sup o£ them, were neeessary. He took the opportunity of reiterating the statement that in this district dwuning was an essentia] in improving tho soil, as it slackened the clay. It was the want of organic matter that inado land difficult to, work; no soil con-, tained too much organic mutter. It is better to have-a home garden around tho house, than, to have it a distance away, so. that any material containing organic mutter could bo used up. ia the. garden. When dry earth, v/hieh. (lies nbcut the streots is understood, and its. value known,, thero would bo less,fever; dry earth, was nature's own deodorant;, baoteria, for instance,, could only live in moisture, it eould not exist in dry cucth.. Do not oommenco a garden without ft proper fence. Split posts, eifjht feet in length, with three barbed wires stapled on tile posts, and. wire nettjingj 2yds, wide was the most economical and, best; the only tiling against it is that it gives no. shelter; and shelter on the western, side is, necessary., Hs next suggestedi jvhat might be done to improve, the the soil in this district, and he deprecated tine use of underground drains. For soils which have- anything over 15 per cent in clay matter draijiing is. the most offectual way to. get it into form. Trenched land in this, colony is often by the heavy falls of rain " hammered" harder than before. He described, the process of draining, and, recommended it as a mora effectual means of improving the soil. Horse, labour in all cases is best iuid should be employed wherovee possi ble.. The number-of tools anii implements that can be-obtained ia this colony is almost inconceivable,— there was not a garden tool at the Melbourne ex hibition. that could, not be obtained in Sydney. After being provided with proper tools,, which in all cases wus the cheapest labour, the ground must be pat in good order.. One of the moBt import points was to start right in sowing the seed. A perfectly lovol seed bed is the best, and attention given to this by Ciiinese is the seoiet of their success ill gardening. "■Mulcning" tin; seed is tho best practise of sowing them : and when tlicyn.ro up they should' be thinned, out about two inclics apart so that tho stems may grow woody, and still enough to stand ro-planting. But thero is no soil in Now South Wiiles that can stand three crops of cabbage, without manuring or enriching. Before putting in a siju;!e plant the ground should be cnriched, and everything about the house may be UBed for that purpose1 The list of vegetables that can bo grown is almost limitless, and yet wo lot a business like this slip into tho hands of the Chinese—why in London tho Chinese would not have a " ghost of a show " against tho residents there in growing vegetables. Ho made a passing reference to tho superabundance of raw am monia in Chinese vegetables, ami it was that which made them dangerous in a raw state. Tho valuo of healthy vegotables consisted iu tho amount of phos phoric acid and lime which they contained, these being the elements which build up, bono in the i human frame. Quite as much owe is necessary in tlu> cultivation of fruit. In this district thore are apples and pears to sttirn with, and after thein the lmrdy fruits, JSvory care should be taken in the selection of tho young tree to be planted out. They should not be put into a hole which simply holds the water and kills tliem for nn absolute certainly. A trench should be opened out—not isolated holes,—and tho best of the loom spread over tho roots first, as tho young roots do not like to come into contact with the clay. Two fertilisers being prepared by tho sugar company are speoiully suitable for fruit cul ture. Tho speaker then passed on to a brief reference to the good examples which home gardening gives, and of the healthfulnesB of gardening pursuits. This ought to be a splendid district for some of the soft fruit—strawberries, raspberries, and blackberries for instance. The posts of the garden wore next dealt with, and described in their different natures and destructive habits. In all cases, wherever found, they indicated weakness of the plant itself, and gave evidence that tho plant or the tree as the case might be needed fertilising, A grape submitted by a resident of the town was suffering from a fungus called oadium, the spores of whioli settle on the point of the leaves, and afterwards spread on to the fruit and cause it to split; tlion they get on to the stems and break them at the joints. Sulphur is the antidote for it; and it can be relied upon to effect a cure. It should be blown over the plant; and it liad the additional benefit of being good for tho consumer of tho fruit. Many of these posts which alloet the trees and fruit woro not opidemio, they likoly come in from tho bush in time of drought, settle perhaps on a certain specie of tree, and then leavo again tho following season. But it was at all times advisable to kill them whenever found, for if not thus treated they invariably left their spawn behind them. Any thing which was injurious to their digestion was good to use, or anything which prevented their breathing. Thus a coating of lime solution was a good remedy. At the conclusion of the address, the Eev. J. Wo Debenham moved a hearty vote of thanks to the lecturer; and in doing so he expressed the pleasure it was to him to hear an address from anyone who was so proficient in his subjeat asMr. Mackay. The motion was seconded by Mr. Alcorn and carried by acclamation. Mr. Mackay returned thanks, and moved a vote of thanks to the chairman and to the secretary. The meeting then terminated. 