'OUii yVOLUNTEERS IN CAMP. (OY OUR SPECIAL REPORTER.] NATIoNAL P.I.Rc, Tuesday. EA LivnTio xsu?5Y was a beautiful day in ~atip. 1 Tlio mIliing broke fine and clear, ;,ithouttlie leastindlication of rain; indeed itsooums as if T~hli Bloements will not disturb the canvas city during the wholo period of training. The camp was aroused from it gentli" sluiiibrbit by tlieioirniiig' gmi it 0 a.l., ant as is usual in llcearlnp coffee was surved prior to the mnon falling in for the early iernung perado tit 6.30 am. After 'brstkfaist ltler' was a general muster of the forces at 10 a.si. Tie general had ordered a march past, which was accomplished in splendid style, nearly the whole of tile 3000 men participating in it; The sight was simply granid and one not often wit nessed this,'sido of the line. After this ma naeuvre had been successfully nccom plished, the whole formed into line and gave the royal salute. The different corps 'nud:regisnects were then wheeled off and proceetded to drill under their various com isandsor': the mounted infantry practising klirminshing, movements, which thley seem to be gotting 'rapidly acqutinted' with. There v ?ns a vast number of visitors from Sydney, every train being packed to its.utmost .capacity. On account of the new drill the plan has beeoon to give the men as much opportinity of getting acquainted with it a possible, and inconsequence of this there.has not been anything very particular to chronicle in connection with the force, The men are kept liiard at work froin sun rise to sunset. On Monday afternoon the ordtler.of drill was attackforunations, in which all the troops in camp were exercised. At night the usual concert was hold in the large recreation tent, and Mr. Wilkinson deserves every praise for his exertions in providing them. At the early mornming parade one or two casualt' s oo curred; one was a somewhat serious case, one of the mounted. infantry being thrown from his horse, and sustaining a fracture of his skull, which, had it not boon for his helmet would have: resultbd fatally. The unfortunate fellow belongs to the Hunter River Corps, andis being carefully attended to in the hospital, On Tuesday morning the first drill took place at 6.30, and took the formn of skir nishsing mancmivres, much precision and smartness being noticeable In the ranslt. The forenoon parade was formed up at.lO a.m,, when a series of attack formations wore gone through. The mounted infan 'try and cavalry were drilled in thei· fight~ ing movemouts, and for this purpose were supplied with blank ammunition, and were extend,.d ,',r n great area of country, Their uanotuvrres consisted of rapidly ssd =vanoing1 forming squads of lthree, deliver ing their fire their horses being utinder cover if possible) and then retiring to their horses, the reserve company galloping up and taking up the fire in the imaginary battle. The afternoon drill was simply a repetition of the foronoon drill, with the addition of blank.ammunition being-served out to the four regiments of infantry, The Jet, 3rd and 4th regiments were taken away in a north-eastorly, and the 2nd in a south-easterly direatiobn The' move ments consisted of 'four companies being sent out to form'the fighting lino, another acting as reserve, The fighlting line advanced on a given point in extended order, delivering their fire as they advanced, As the line advances the supposed killed and wounded fall out, the ammunition be ing taken froin them and given to the men still uninjured. AsAtlheo ranks are thinned down by these casualties the resirves double up and take their places, the whole ,ad vtnsigi in rushes of half companies right up to the desired goal. In the engagement on'' Tuesdiay evening the KICiama company sustained "the loss of fourteen killed and wounded; If this was real warfare thlat would be a terrible loss for one company, .This is an outirely h'nw fdeature in attack for nlations, SI notice the IKiatnma men have their sign boards hanging out, one tent hanging up the name "IKiama Boys," while another has appropriated that oft-repeated phrase "aima Ghost." This has an almost nmtgical effect on visitors, who stop and look quite puazled at such a supernatural sign, If Sir IHenry Parkes happens to visit the camp during the poieiod of training, and gets a glimpse of- it, I should fancy he would know the moeaning of it. There are one ortwo'Qf the Kiama men slightly indisposod, but nothing to be alarmed at I afew have slight attacks of dyeontry, while Private Price is sufferling from a sprained knee1 but this -will be' alc ilght in a day ortwo, Whenou he will be able to resume hi duties,: Tl) 'hest of the ameno sir exoltrmely lively, i'id som to be greatly eFnjoying their staty lri canvas city,. " Ou [onoday evening the 5th Scottish Riflos marohede'out of camp. This is are serve regiment, and they did not intend to stay under canvas after Monday. These HIIighlaideors worodressed in full Highland costume, and as they marched out of camp thoy. wrte cheered to the echo by their nompatriots id narms, 