ODDS AND ENDS. I AM learning zee language vnrey fast. Zee leetle poy zare a-spiiming his top. He's a spinster, eh ?" Dover (ardently): "I love the verv rmmnd you tread on." Heiress : " I thought it was tho farm you were after." More Poetry than Trvtji is Tins.— "Do not be unhappy. When unhappy people die they become ghosts and never get to heaven." Reginald: "I have a vague idea." Gros- venor (interrupting) : "What, that is a positive improvement 1 Lot mo congratulate you." Philosophy.— In life we oughter ricolleck dis fack "One word spoke ergin cr man has mo' weight den fivo words spoko in his praise." Waiter: "I didn't know whether you wanted this steak well dono or rare sir, but I brought it well done. How do you like it ?" Jones : "Well done, thou good and faithful ser vant." Husband (impatiently): "What is the reason my wife don't come down? I thought she was almost ready to go to tho ball half an hour ago." Maid : " Sho will bo ready in a minute, sir. She has been changing her color." The Labor Question. — Mechanic: "Hullo, Jem, not at work! What's up?" Collier: "Oh, we'ro out on strike." Mechanic: "What for. then?" Collier: "Aw diven' knaw, but we II not give in till we get it !" Out op Date. — Enamored Swain : " For you, darling, 1 1 wad lay mo down and dee. ' " Practi cal Maiden : "That sort of thing is clear out of date, Willie. What a girl wants nowadays is a man who is williug to get up and hustle for her."- Beatrice : " I envy a professional lady whistler." Benedict: " Why, my dear?" Bea trice: "Because, when she wants a new dress she only needs to whistle for it ; but when I want one I have to whistle for it because I can't get it." A Quiet Send Off. — " Good evening, Mr. Stickby, you really must come to seo me again some time." " Er, but I wasn't going quite yet, Miss Eva." "Oh, I beg your pardon! You generailv do go, you laiow, after an hour's silence. A Queer Question.— Cora : "I really must be careful not to givo Sir. Smythe any more en couragement, for I do not want to hurt his feel ings." Edith : " Ho has not proposed, has ho ?" Cora: "No, but ho has been asking mo if I thought I could keep house on £2 a week." Husband : "Wife, tho doctor taid I was to havo but ono ouuee of liquor per day. How muoh is an ounce, dear?" Wife: "Sixteen drama." Husband: "Wife, I believe that doctor understands my case thoroughly. Let's see; I've eleven moro drinks duo mo yet to day." In the Old Summer House.— " Believe me, dearest Miss Poplins, if there is anything on earth I can do to provo my devotion !" Dilapidated Stranger, suddenly appearing at tho door: "'Ear! 'Ear! Sir, 1'in suro the young gal ud liko to sco you 'clp a poor travel ler 1 I ain't n tramp, sir, " kc. A Vacation Allowable.— "Moses," said a colored men, " did you ever break a Command ment?" "G'way; d'you thik I'd criminate rayse'f?" "But did you?" "Look hyah ; I 'serves de Scripters all de yeah roun' ; but when de watah-raillyun season comes, Isut'nly do tink it's 'sousable to take a vacation on ono out ob de Ten Commandments." A Delicate Distinction. — Hero is a remark —a little Jato in tho day, but amusing — over heard at tho Eton and Harrow match. Small Hanow boy, loudly to his friend : " Isn't it n beastly shamo calling it tho Eton and Harrow Matoh ? It ought to be tho Harrow and Eton.' Larger Eton boy interrupting: "I beg your pardon, Eton ana Harrow surely; yon know we always say Gentlemen and Players, not Players and Gentlomon." Discomfituro of tho Harrow boy, who cannot think what to say, but feels that ho would liko to kick somebody, if he wcro only his own size. The following ourious letter lately rccoivod from Indiana shows, on tho part of tho writer, great confidence in tho powers of the British I'oafc Oflico : — "Dear Sir,— I want to know if you know anything of 0 D I wanted to know and his eon licnry ond if you know ony- thing of him let mo know for ho went in tho war of 1812 umlor pnekingham they man that fitchcd him from that country 1862 thoy landed in Illinois but tho last account wo had from hira ho was still living 1876 Mr. R— w— said thero was mooy for h D at tho old mans Death and I wanted now if thcro was and if not lot mc know and if not lot mo for I need tho money and obligo Mr. H— Troubles of a Lamb. — Abont fivo minutes aftor a lamb is born ho is on his feet. The un steady earth under him now heaves to tho right, surges up and then down, and whirls and twirls with him whilo ho staggers and struggles, and twists ono leg around tho other liko a vino around a tree, or elso ho spreads thoao members all out until thoy look liko the forks under a weathervane. He tumbles down for tho 50th timo, and for the 50th timo renews tho fight to seouro that footing in the great worldfrom which only can ho reach tho Iifo giving milk. His mothor — particularly if it is Iter first — in her crazy onxioty to help, knocks liim down, steps on him, and docs— without leaving out a possible oxcoption— ovory thing she should not do, whilo sho leaves nearly everything undono that might help tho little fellow to get tho desired nourish ment. "Oh tbo poor dear little thing, Isn't it too bad," says the sympathetic stranger. "Tho confounded pair of Idiots 1" frets tho impatient shepherd, who does not oaro to drivo them until tho lamb finds milk. In half an hour his sides bulgo out, and as the shepherd slowly urges the old ewe towards home the lamb goc3 reeling and rolling along like an old tar just ashore from a year's voyage. About the first error the lamb makes in life 13 to mistake the shepherd or his dog for its mother, and many are the manoeuvres that must be gone through with to make tho new arrival follow the right party. His next error is likely to bo an attempt to walk on air when ho comes to a place where he should go down hill. His 10 minutes experience in life ha3 made him believe that all the earth is a level plain, and in broad daylight he steps off the top of a hill just as serenely as a man steps off tho top landinc of the stairs in total darkness when he is certain that the stairs are yet 20 feet away. Tho result is a great sur prise in each instance. The lamb picks himself up, and continues down the hill; he soon comes to the conclusion that everything is down lull in his life, and not on a dead level. Upon getting to the foot of the hill, he still tries to continue downward, and as a result runs his noso into the ground, and looks sutpriscd again. He now comes to a placo to get uphill, and goes up just as our man starts to go upstairs in total dark ness, when he thinks the stairs are still 2C feet away. Our lamb is now getting very suspicious. He was pushed over and growled at for follow ing the dog when he thought it was his mother; the shepherd kicked and abused him for follow ing him ; he tumbled down lull when he saw nothing unusual in the looks of the ground, and up hill again undersirailar circumstances. In this frame of niind he comes 'to a shadow cast by a nejghboring hill. This is the most appalling thing he has yet seen in life. Ho stands in the bright sunuhine ; 12 inches ahead of him all the world is black. How shall he get over that terrible line? It must be worse than going down hill or up hill, or running after a dog that growls or a man that kicks. It surely looks much moro frightful than any of theso things. His mother is in the shadow, and coaxes him to come along, but he will not risk it ; he stands on the edge and baw3 at the top of his powers. Tho shepherd with I113 big foot comes to the rescue, and our little lamb is lifted from sun light to shadow on the end of a No. 9 hoot. He trots along after his mother for a few yards and meets a now difficulty. This time it is from shadow to sunlight. It looks rough ; tho situa tion seems to present no end of difficulties. Ho walks across the line with fear and trembling, only to find it very simple and easy, and con cludes that things are not so bad as they look. He has already begun to find out that things which seem easy in life lead often to disas ters, and forbidding things often present no real danger.— -Montana Wool Grower. 