A MESMERIC EVANGELIST. Considerable excitement is being manifested at Langley (says the Birmingham Daily Gazette) owing to the appearance of the ' Rev, Dinock,' from Berkshire, who is going through some extra ordinary performances at the Primitive Methodist Chapel in that locality. Crowds of people are flocking to the place nightly — most of them out of euriositv -m accnilTit-. nf thp iiirnTi-1oj-fnl Etj-iri»s that are abroad. No one knows much of the antecedents of the rev. gentleman, who seems to combine the preacher, jresmerist, and spiritualist all in one. After the ordinary service, at which he holds forth at great length, a limited number of persons are invited to enter an ante-room ' to receive the Holy Ghost.' By performing a number of mes meric passes, and apparently calling to the spirit world for assistance, he makes a number of people fall from their seats on to the floor and roll un derneath the benches, apparently unconscious ; during which time the rev. gentleman declares ' that the Holy Ghost has entered into them, and taken possession of their whole being.' More mesmerie passes and mysterious antics follow, after which the individual operated upon sud denly recover consciousness, and are said to have become converted. On Monday evening no fewer than five individuals were lying on the floor at one time, and the benches had to be removed before they could be restored. On Wednesday night an indignant mother, whose SGn had been operated upon by the rev. gentleman was clamoring out side tho chapel door with a poker in her hand, and it took a number of people to prevent her en tering the building and committing an assault. Since then the ' rev.' gentleman has ceased to 'convert' the people of Langley by the methods indicated, but he explains the whole matter to very large audiences. A number of simple people put great, faith in this itinerant evangelist, but on the whole he has not been well received, and he intends closing his mission at Langley this evening. 