MISS INGRAM'S HEIRESS. BY E. CHARLES Author of "An Australian Idyll," etc. CHAPTER. I. Miss Ingram was considered a most eccentric person by the good folks residing at the village of Five Oaks, Jersey, in the year 1866, for she had peculiarities of character and habit bordering on insanity in the eyes of ordinary and sensible people, so that in speaking of her the neighbours were wont to shake their heads, lower their voices, and point impressively to their foreheads. Miss Ingram was also considered rich, though how the tradition of her riches had arisen was very diflicult to determine, seeing that she lived in a most frugal manner, employing but one servant, and dressing with rigid simplicity. Perhaps the fact of her being on intimate terms with a lawyer and having frequent interviews with him, had fostered the supposition of her being the possessor of considerable wealth ; perhaps the mysterious demeanour of her old serving-woman, Keziah, was calculated to inspire the curious with fanciful pictures of concealed riches. Keziah was deaf and taciturn, and most provokingly reticent regarding her mistress and the affairs of that mistress, answering all prying questions, however delica:tely worded, by shruggings of her thin shoulders, and solemn shakings of her head, while to those whose curiosity got the better of their discretion, and who shouted into her ears plain queries as to Miss Ingram's riches, she invariably returned the oracular reply, " Ah, what's riches ? Lay not up for yoursel' treasures on earth ; '" and shuffling off left her interlocutors to interpret these sybillic words according to their own pleasure. Keziah's personality and behaviour were another proof of Miss Ingram's eccentricity. None but an eccentric person would have endured the presence of such an ugly, deaf, and disagreeable old woman as Keziah was, and as eccentricity is frequently found compatible with wealth, Miss Ingram was generally believed to be as eccentric as she was wealthy, and as wealthy as she was eccentric. The outward appearance of this interesting lady was a stern refutation of her rumoured wealth. When she went for her daily walk she was attired in an old black gown made with Puritan simplicity, a shabby grey cloak, a rusty-black "coal scuttle" bonnet, cotton gloves, and thick boots, while in all seasons, and in all weather, she carried in her hand a green cotton umbrella ingeniously patched and fastened with green cloth and bits of wire. In the same black gown and bonnet she might be seen daily, occupied in weeding and hoeing the little garden in front of her house, where with Keziah's assistance she grew enough vegetables to supply her moderate wants, and such homely flowers as required little care and labour. Few of the inhabitants of Five Oaks and its neighbourhood had been inside that garden, and yet fewer inside Ashley Cottage, since Miss Ingramn had rented it about sixteen years ago, when she had appeared suddenly, no one knew from whence, bringing with her some scanty furniture, and settling down with Keziah into the life we are describing. A few ladies, belonging to the parish, had indeed called at Ashley Cottage after Miss Ingram's first appearance at church, and after having been ushered into the parlour by Keziah had been left awaiting Miss Ingram's appearance so long that they had been able to take an ample survey of the room and its furniture, and to express their opinion thereon in subdued whispers. A dingy, gloomy room it was ; dark-green curtains excluded the sunshine, and shed a ghastly light on the faded carpet ; the stiff backed chairs and stiff horsehair sofa seemed to scout all idea of lounging comfort ; and the dark family portraits on the wall, grave-faced men and women in high collars and ruffles, looked sternly uncompromising. A table near one of the windows overlooking the garden was covered with some plain needlework, and an antiquated bookcase contained darkly-bound volumes with religious titles. The only bright thing in the room was a plain white vase filled with fresh field-flowers. " It was enough to give one the shivers, my dear," said Mrs. Gaudiu, the lawyer's sister, relating her experiences subsequently to a female friend who had not been among the visitors ; " quite an unearthly sort of room, so musty, and damp, and dingy, with such tasteless wallpaper, such an ugly, faded carpet, such dreadful furniture, and such an unbecoming light, making us all look like ghosts ; really I felt myself becoming quite nervous and low, and I do not think I shall ever be able to bring myself to visit her again, poor thing, though one owes a duty to one's neighbour, and all that. But I think I've done my duty towards her, and there's a limit to everything." The other ladies were much of the same opinion, more especially after Miss Ingram's appearance, which did not justify the supposition that they had been kept waiting in order that she might improve her toilet for the reception of her visitors. Her tall, gaunt figure arrayed in the usual rusty black gown, her abundant grey hair unadorned by cap or lace, the lady of the house received her visitors, who one and all imagined themselves to be conferring a great kindness on her, with frigid politeness, and sitting bolt upright in her chair answered all attempts at conversation with monosyllabic unapproachableness, made no excuses for having kept her visitors waiting so long, and appeared so unmistakably relieved when they rose to go that they all registered a silent vow never to cross her threshold again. Nor were any of these visits returned with the exception of that of Mrs. Gaudin, who keeping house for her brother, the same lawyer who seemed admitted into Miss Ingram's confidence, could evidently not be treated with such freezing indifference as the other unwelcome intruders. The clergyman of the parish, an easy going elderly man, found Miss Ingram both affable and of exemplary piety, and was completely won over by the lady's offering to work a new altar-cloth as a gift for his church, as she had noticed that the present one was badly faded and worn. From these conflicting statements it will be seen that Miss Ingram's nature was evidently composed of strangely contradictory elements. She shunned all human intercourse, and yet was inconsistently affable to certain persons who through some secret power, worldly or spiritual, claimed her sympathy ; she was saving to a degree of parsimony, denying herself the Iuxuries, nay almost the necessities of life ; and yet she was ready to spend her time and money in decorating the parish church, while refusing inexorably to have any intercourse or co-operation with the other female parish workers. Eccentric, inscrutable, Miss Ingram was therefore the wonder and problem of the village of Five Oaks and of the parish of St. Saviour's Church. Sixteen years had she resided there, and yet in those sixteen years no one had penetrated the reserve with which she surrounded herself as with an armour ; no one knew from whence she came or who she was, or what her past life had been, excepting the lawyer before mentioned and perhaps the lawyer's sister, who, however garrulous as she was on all other subjects, was singularly reticent regarding Miss Ingram, and only referred to her as " Ah, yes, poor thing ; " which was about as unsatisfactory a way of evading questions as Keziah's oracular speech mentioned in the beginning of this chapter. Every morning between eleven and twelve Miss Ingram might be seen issuiug from the narrow garden bordered by tall holly hedges, taking her way through the village towards the lanes and hedgerows that lay beyond. Even when the channel mists swept down upon the island, when the lanes were sloppy, the hedges dripping, the meadows marshy, the hardy old lady would set out on her regular ramble and the weather had to be very rough indeed to keep Miss Ingram indoors. With her tall thin figure, brown furrowed face and deep set dark eyes, her old fashioned bonnet and shabby grey cloak, she made a figure at which the neighbours' wives shook their heads with mysterious whispering, and from which the neighbours' children shrank away in terror, conscious of Miss Ingram's name having often been used as a bugbear to terrify them into silence and submission. " Here comes Miss ingram," or " Be good at once else I'll give you to Miss Ingram, who'll shut you up in a dark room with the bogies," were househo!d threats with the mothers of the refactory juveniles of Five Oaks. After a time however these youthful transgressors, with the wonderful perceptiveness for love belonging to both children and animals, began to discover that the terrible Miss Ingram had a great tenderness for childhood, even in its most unwashed and ragged form. Her love for children was indeed all the more remarkable by reason of the antipathy which she manifested towards the generality of grown-up persons. She, who resented all expressions of good-will from her adult neighbours as prying interference and undue familiarity, would often stop on her walk through the village to watch some group of noisy, barelegged urchins vociferating with loud-voiced energy over their marbles or tops ; would pat the curly headed toddlers on their shaggy pates, propitiating them with candy and sugar-plums ; would judge between the childish quarrels of the older ones, and endeavour to preserve peace and to gain their confidence by appropriate anecdotes or brightly coloured text-cards ; and would comfort the unhappy ones sobbing out their little grievances with childish vehemence. At first her advances were received with suspicion anud shyness, but under the magic influence of sweets and pictures this gradually wore off, and soon Miss Ingram became a popular instead of dreaded personage among the rising generation of Five Oaks. Soon too she had a body-guard of juvenile admirers of all sexes and sizes, who followed her out of the village like the the Pied Piper of ancient lore, and crowded round her as she seated herself under some shady hedgerow to listen to the wondrous tales that she could tell and to which the little villagers were never weary of listening. Their parents were at first almost inclined to attribute the wonderful fascination which the strange woman exercised over children to supernatural influences, for there was certainly something uncanny about her, and it was incomprehensible how children could " take to the likes of her," but after a while they began to perceive that her iufluence was not for evil but rather for good, and that its power was due simply to the natural tenderness and sympathy which she bestowed on her little friends. After this the maternal minds turned in another direction, and one and all began to build visionary hopes on Miss Ingram's preference for their Johnnie or Mary, and to speculate on the probability of this promising olive branch eventually becoming heir or heiress to Miss Ingram's wealth. For Miss Ingram's wealth and the probable final disposal of the same was the most interesting of the many problems disturbing the minds of Miss Ingram's neighbours. Some thought Keziah would be the fortunate heiress, that is if she survived her mistress, which was questionable as she appeared to be the elder of the two. Others suggested the lawyer, and others again thought the lawyer's nephew, Captain Gaudin, had as fair a chance as anyone, for he visited Miss Ingram regularly once a month, bringing her fruits and flowers ; and it was observed that she would frequently walk with him to the gate and smile graciously as he rode away looking so handsome and bright. Other people again thought the money might be left to some charitable institution; and others finally spoke of probable poor relations who might appear at the last moment as heirs-at-law. The general interest of the neighbourhood being thus centred in Miss Ingram and her money, it was with considerable excitement that the unusual apparition of a cab was descried one afternoon in spring driving to Ashley Cottage, where it drew up before the gate. Miss Ingram was next observed coming out to receive a female figure in deep mourning who descended from the cab, and with whom after the usual haggling with the cabman she disappeared into the house. Conjectures ran wild in all directions after it became evident that the new arrival was to be an inmate of Ashley Cottage for an indefinite period, and Keziah had a trying time of it whenever she issued from the gate to make her purchases at the corner grocery. To all inquiries respecting the stranger, the old woman, literally turned a deaf ear, and the good folks who took such a warm interest in Miss Ingram's affairs were thrown back upon the resources of their own imaginations. The stranger's arrival at Ashley Cottage was generally believed to "mean something" and the prevailing opinion was that "Miss Ingram's Heiress" had at length made her appearance on the mysterious scene of Miss Ingram's life. " Miss Ingram's Heiress " was accordingly the chief topic of conversation for many weeks following her arrival, and divided to a great measure the interest which was felt in the elder lady. CHAPTER II. Had the neighbours been able to cast a look into Miss lngram's parlour on the afternoon of the stranger's arrival, they would have gained some insight into the true position which that stranger occupied, and would have found fresh food for conjectures and predictions. Miss Ingram was standing in the middle of the room, with an air of stern gravity, her eyes fixed on the face of a slender girl in deep mourning, who was standing opposite to her in the soft light of the evening sunshine, which poured in through the windows, the blinds having been drawn so as to permit Miss Ingram to take a better survey of her visitor. The small oval face and abundant light-brown hair were glorified by the golden glow of the slanting sunbeams ; she had taken off her little crape- trimmed hat, which she held in her hand, and her shapely head was thrown back defiantly ; the delicately-pencilled dark eyebrows, contrasting like the long dark lashes with the light hair markedly with the light hair, were contracted into a frown, and the dark-hazel eyes flashed through, gathering tears. The features of the almost childishly youthful were small and regular; but there was an undeniable resemblance to Miss Ingram in the resolute mouth, small and rosy though it was, and in the square chin so expressive of energy. " You are not an lngram ; you are the image of your mother ; " Miss Ingram was saying in her hard voice, and with her clearly chiselled utterance ; " you have your mother's face and figure, and your mother's fair hair and wax-doll complexion. We Ingrams are all dark and tall ; but you have the doll-like figure and alabaster skin and untidy fuzzy hair that took my poor brother's fancy in your mother, and doubtless you are as helpless and useless a creature as she was, and expect to be waited upon like a queen, although you are as poor and as friendless as any beggar-maid." " Aunt Margaret !" exclaimed the girl, her clear voice trembling and her fair face flushing with suppressed passion ; " I did not think that you would speak to me in this manner as soon as I entered your house, or indeed my foot would never have crossed your threshold. It was my dear father's wish that I should go to you after his death, as you are my only living relative, and had promised to befriend me if anything should happen to him. But had I known that you would receive me with taunts and sneers, and, taking advantage of my lonely condition, speak unkindly of my dead mother and cast my poverty in my teeth, I would have worked my fingers to the bone ere I had sought your protection." There was a ring of dramatic passion in the young voice choking down the rising tears as the girl uttered these words ; but Miss Ingram appeared to be nowise affected by this outburst, and smiling calmly as she surveyed the flushed face with critical eyes, said coldly :- " Ah ! you have some of the old Ingram spirit smoulderiug beneath that babyish exterior of yours after all ; I was wondering whether I could strike any fire out of your inner nature and I have actually succeeded in bringing out a spark of the Ingram pride and energy. And now I come to look at you more closely I can see a resemblance to your father about the mouth and chin, aye, and in the eyes too. Yes, yes ! as you stand there with tearful angry eyes, and head thrown back, you do remind me of poor Percy in one of his manlier moods, when I had said something to rouse him into momentary passion out of his usual indolent good humour. Poor, poor Percy" she added, suddenly dropping her voice to a softer cadence ; but immediately recovering herself, she continued in her former cold hard tone. " Your mother had no spirit - poor creature ; had I spoken to her as I have spoken to you now, she would have answered only by a flow of tears and never have found a word to throw back at me. Ah ! she was never the right wife for Percy - a soft babyish creature that helped to ruin his life when he wanted a strong hand to lead him from his follies." " I will not stay and hear my parents disparaged," said the girl, flashing out again. " I know my mother never found favour in your sight ; but my father idolised her and although I was unfortunately too young when she died to remember much of her, I have been taught to revere her memory and no one shall say a word against her or against my father without my resenting it bitterly. It will be better for me to leave you," she added after a pause during which she had struggled to compose herself ; " better for me to go before we say such hard things to each other as will make all reconciliation impossible. You have been kind to me and I know I owe you a debt of gratitude which I shall never be able to repay, and which I should not like to repay with angry words. Therefore I will go back to France and endeavour to earn my livelihood among strangers." She turned away as she spoke, and replacing her hat with one hand, stretched out the other towards the small portmanteau which stood near her. But Miss Ingram arrested her movements by laying a detaining hand on her arm. " Stay, child," she said in a gentler tone thian she had yet used towards her ; " stay and listen to me. I did not mean to offend you beyond all hope of reconciliation when I uttered those hard but true words regarding your nemother. I am a plain-spoken woman and do not mince my words to suit people's feelings. Had you been a poor- spirited creature and had submitted quietly to my remarks I would have despised you ; but still I would have considered it my duty to keep you with me, for I could never allow my brother's child to wander homeless and unprotected while I had a home to offer her ; but now that you have shown a spirit akin to my own, I shall not part from you on any consideration. No, no ! you shall stay with me. I like your spirit, girl, and I will not again offend you by referring to your mother. I have always felt a bitterness towards her because I knew this marriage to be one of poor Percy's greatest blunders - but there, we will say no more on that subject. You shall live with me and have a home and cheer my loneliness, and I will make you more of an Ingram in feeling and spirit day by day." The girl seemed rather doubtful of the advantages to be derived from this promise. She was still sore from the words that had wounded her most sensitive feelings, and she looked into her aunt's face with startled hesitation. The stern features of that dark face had softened somewhat, and there was a certain resemblance to the orphan's dead father in the lurking smile and deep-set dark eyes that involuntarily turned her heart towards this only relative. The angry flush faded from her cheeks, and her voice was full of sweetness as she said, " I will stay with you, Aunt Margaret ; we shall understand each other better after a while." " No doubt, no doubt," said Miss Ingram resuming her usual cold reserve. " Mind, you will not have a life of ease and luxury with me. You will live very plainly and learn to do many things such as you have doubtless no notion of at present. But now you must be tired and hungry. "Keziah" she continued, addressing the old serving- woman, who appeared in the doorway at that moment, "take Miss Margaret's luggage upstairs and show her the room that has been prepared for her. What is the matter now ?" she asked sharply, noticing a look pf amused perplexity in her niece's face. " Your name is Margaret, you are my god-daughter I believe, and were baptised by my name if I am not greatly mistaken." " Yes, I was christened Margaret, but I have always been called Daisy. My parents thought this name a pretty substitute for Margaret, which is rather formal and old fashioned, you know." There was a roguish smile on the young lady's face as she uttered these words. She could not resist the temptation of letting loose a random shaft at her terrible aunt, who looked the very impersonation of old fashioned formality. " Daisy, indeed ! replied Miss Ingram, sniffing scornfully. " A babyish name for a girl of your age. A name that is better adapted to a dairymaid than to one of the last descendants of an ancient house. Daisy ! The English version of a silly foreign interpretation of the good old name Margaret. Marguerite, a daisy ! A pretty daisy you are, more a wild rose ready to prick at the slightest provocation. However, you will have to adapt yourself to my tastes and views at present, old-fashioned and formal though they may appear to you. You have been named Margaret after me, and Margaret you shall be called while you reside under my roof." " Very well," said Daisy, turning away hastily to hide the annoyance she felt at this assumption of authority. She foresaw that she would have to bow her neck under a yoke and give up everything, even to her personal tastes and feelings, in order to please her aunt, and to conform to the traditional code of the Ingrams. A tide of rebellious feelings surged up in her, but she was already beginning to learn the necessity for self-control, a necessity new and irksome to her young, wilful spirit. Shutting her lips tightly to keep back the angry words that were struggling for utterance, she turned away and followed Keziah out of the room. Ashley Cottage was a misnomer, for the dwelling was not a cottage in the generally accepted signification of that term, having two storeys, in the upper of which were situated the bedrooms. At the end of the narrow, dingy hall was the staircase, carpet less and creaking dismally under foot as Daisy followed Keziah into the upper regions of the house. Crossing a small corridor, the old woman paused before a door, and after struggling awhile with the crazy lock she succeeded in opening it, and disclosed a small square room with whitewashed walls on which the setting sun's rays threw a dazzling glare. A small iron bedstead, an old chest of drawers, a couple of ricketty chairs, and a discoloured washstand composed the furniture of the room. A mirror in a tarnished gilt frame stood on the chest of drawers and before it lay a large black bible looking like some relic of the old Puritan times. The window was open, admitting the soft springtide air laden with perfume of hawthorn, and a clear-voiced thrush was warbling its vesper hymn in the meadow behind the house. Daisy, accustomed to the simplicity of her French school dormitories, was not much shocked at the bareness of her room, but Keziah, thinking the young stranger's silent observant gaze to express disapproval and disappointment, chuckled grimly, and and setting down the portmanteau with an energetic thump, crossed her arms, and said triumplhantly " This is your room, miss, and if it's not just what you've been accustomed to, you'll just have to get used to it and our ways o' living if you mean to stay here. There's no bell-rope, for the good reason that there's no one to answer the bell, for I've my hands too full o' the house and kitchen work to wait on anybody but my leddy." Keziah always spoke of her mistress as " my leddy." She had been Miss Ingram's maid when that lady was a handsome, high minded girl with no lack of suitors, attracted by the double advantages of good looks and wealth. Keziah was at that time a tolerably comely Scotch lassie. She had passed through her own disappointments, which had soured and hardened her naturally sharp temper and tongue. Her auburn hair had turned grey, her small grey eyes had grown near sighted and dim, her features had sharpened, and her figure had become bent and withered, but her love and devotion for her mistress had remained unchanged. She had clung to her with a tenacious affection through many long years, and as she once had been the trim waiting-maid ready to guess at and sympathise with all her mistress's troubles, so she now was the drudging maid-of-all work as anxious to save her mistress's money and to serve her interests as she had formerly been proud to keep her luxurious wardrobe in order, and to deck out her lady's charms to their best advantage. Under these circumstances it will be easily understood that the arrival of the young stranger had filled Keziah with deep resentful jealousy. What, was she, the sole companion of Miss Ingram's voluntary seclusion, to be supplanted by this baby- faced girl whose white hands and fair skin proclaimed the truth that hard work and plain living were unknown to her ! " A loaf of bread more a week, and that of the finest, aye, and well buttered too," had been her comment when she had first seen Daisy entering the house ; and she had promised herself the pleasure of giving this fine young intruder (a beggar for all her grand airs) a good piece of her mind at the first opportunity. " Aye," she continued as Daisy, taking no notice of her words moved towards the open window, "aye, this isna" what the likes of you are accustomed to I'll be bound, in your dainty foreign school. But ye'll have to get used to many things that are strange to your high notions. My leddy hersel' was daintily nurtured, and in her young days she was far beyond you in looks and carriage, but she's content to fare poorly and to live plainly, and if you're going to share her lot you'll have to do the same. ' Lay not up for yoursel' treasures on earth where rust and moth do corrupt. Ye'll find that text in yonder blessed book ; aye, and others as speaks of setting of nae store on outward glitter and of pomps and vanities and such like ; but I doubt me you're not well acquainted wi 'the book o' books ; you're half a papist I'll be bound, brought up among the parlee-voos, more's the pity fur Mliss Ingram's own brother's child." Keziah paused to take breath, and Daisy turning towards her with an angry sparkle in her eyes, said sharply : " What are you standing and talking there for ? Your place is in the kitchen. I do not want your services nor your lectures either. You need never trouble yourself to come into my room again. I can do all I want for myself." " He, he, he ! " giggled Keziah with an unearthly attempt at merriment, shewing her few yellow teeth. " Vanity of vanities, saith the preacher; you'll find that out too, some day, young lady, when your smooth cheeks will become furrowed like mine ; your eyes that look all ablaze at me now will become dim, and your hair bleached and thinned ; and when you look at yoursel' in the glass ye'll turn awa' and shiver and wonder what's gone o' your bonny beauty. Aye 'remember now thy Creator in the days o' thy youth'; 'twill be well for you to learn that lesson betimes, ere the years draw nigh when you shall say 'I have no pleasure in them.' You're proud and high-minded now, but pride goeth before the fall, and you'll find that out soon enough ; but I'm not the woman to waste the precious moments talkling to the likes of you when it's like water running through a leaky dish to speak to them as hasna' a mind to listen. But you be come to the right place to chasten your vanity, and to make you a brand snatched frae the burning ; and now I'll leave you to yoursel', and may the Lord direct you to find the wisdom you're lacking i' the blessed volume as your aunt's kind thought had placed before the glass. Aye, I'll be bound you'll be all for staring at your own shadow i' the mirror, instead of opening the book which will tell you how to wash and be clean." Keziah having run to the end of her peroration, a reminiscence of some revival meetings she had frequented in the years when she first " got salvation," as she was wont to say, now shuffled out of the room ; and Daisy, who had turned her back on the impromptu preacher, endeavouring to lend a deaf ear to her high-pitched voice, could hear her still muttering to herself as she descended the stairs, until she was lost to sound in the back regions of kitchen and pantry. Left to herself the young girl drew a long breath, and after relieving her pent-up anger by shaking her little fist vigorously in the direction of the door, broke out into a scornful laugh, and tossing her hat and gloves on the bed, went back to the window, where she rested her elbows on the sill and her face on her hands and gazed out dreamily at the evening laudscape. Beyond the red tile-covered roofs the setting sun shone upon fragrant meadows, bordered by tall hedge-rows white with the snowy blossoms of the may. A belt of dark-green trees surrounded the distant church, of which the square grey tower, with its gilded vane glittering in the parting rays, was alone visible, and beyond the meadows and hedges and trees there was a glimpse of the blue ocean which she had crossed that morning - the sea that separated her from dear, sunny France, where she had spent her childhood and dawning youth. Beyond that bit of gleaming water lay her father's grave, alone among aliens, 'mid the tombstones of the itinerant Anglo-French population of Boulogue ; and further still, in a quiet village of southern Fraunce, was her mother's grave, the mother whose memory was only a faint dream-like vision. She was feeling very lonely, the resolute little maiden who had defied her aunt a few moments ago, and had been ready to throw herself into the world, utterly friendless and poor as she was, rather than endure the taunts of the only relation left to her. Her hazel eyes, that had even a moment before flashed out so angrily at old Keziah, were now full of self-pitying tears, and her heart was so heavy that she was well-nigh wishing that she also were laid beside her father in the country they both had loved so well. But it was not Daisy's nature to allow depression of any kind to weigh down her buoyant young spirits long, and suddenly dashing away the tear-drops from her lashes, she sprang to her feet, shaking herself resolutely and exclaiming half aloud : " This will never do. Neither Aunt Margaret nor that hateful old woman must know that their unkindness has the power to make me unhappy. And they shall not have the power if I can prevent it," she added, stamping her foot and compressing her lips until she resembled her aunt more than she would have cared to admit. ( To Be Continued. 