THE BY S. BARING-GOULD, Author o! "Mehalab," "CourtRoyal," " Herring," "The Gaverooka," &q.; Published by apeotal arrangement with the Author. All rights reserved. CHAPTER XKY.-(Continued.) Mrs. Sidebottom had bat the ears of her eon Into which to poar her discontent, for she had no acquaintances in Mergatroyd. On coming there she had been met bv the manufacturers' wives in a cordial spirit. Her brother was highly reapecbed, and they hastened to call on her and ex press their readiness to do her any kind ness she might need as a stranger in the town. She would have been received into the society there-a genial one- had Bhe been inclined. Bat she was super cilious. She allowed the ladles of Mer gatroyd to understand that Bhe belonged to another and a higher order of beings, and that the days in which the gods and goddesses came down from Olympas to hold converse with men were over. The consequence was that Bhe was left to herself, and now she grumbled at the dulness of a place which was only dull to her because of her own want of tact. No more kindly, friendly people are to be found in England than the north country manufacturers, but the qualities of frank neBS, directness, which are conspicuous in them, were precisely those qualities which Mrs. Sidebottom was incapable of appra* elating, were qualities which to her mind savored of barbarism. And yet Mrs. Sidebottom belonged, neither by birth nor by marriage nor by acceptance, to a superior class. She was the daughter of a manufacturer and the widow of a small country attorney. As the paralytic in the sheep market waited for an angel to put him into the pool, so did Mrs. Sidebottom spend her time and exhauBt her powers in vain endeavors to get dipped in the cleansing basin of county society, in ;whtch Bhe might be purged of the taint of trade. And, like the paralytic of the story, she had to wait, and was disappointed annually, and had the mortification of seeing some neighbor or acquaintance step past her and enter the desired circle, whlkt Bhe was making ready and beating about for an intro ducer. She attended concerts, public balls, went to missionary meetings; she joined working parties for charitable objects, took stalls at bazaars, hoping by these means to get within the vortex of the fashionable world and be drawn in, but was always disappointed. Bound every eddy may been seen sticks and straws that spin on their own axis; they make dashes Inwards, and are repelled, never succeeding In being caught by the coll of the whirlpool. So was she ever hovering on the outskirts of the aristocratic ring, ever aiming to pierce it, and always mis sing her object. A poem by Kenrick, written at the coronation of George III., represents that celebrated beauty and toast, the Countess of Coventry, recently deceased, applying to Pluto for permission to return to earth and mingle in the entertainments of the coronation. Pluto gives his consent; she may go-but as a ghost remain unseen. Then says the countess " A fig for fine sights, if unseen one's fine face, What signifies seeing, if oneself iB not Been 1" , So MrB. Sidebottom found that it was very little pleasure to her to hover about genteel society and see into it without herself being seen in it. Her descent to Mergatroyd was in part due to a rebuff she had met with at York, quite as much as to her desire to conciliate her half brother. She trusted that when she re turned to Tork she would be so much richer than before that this would afford her the requisite momentum which might Impel her within the magic circle, within which, when once rotating, she would be safe, confident of being able to maintain her place. "My dear Lamb," said she, "I may inform you, in the strictest confidence, that I see my way to becoming wealthy, really wealthy. There is a speculation on foot, of which I have received infor mation through my Tork agent, to buy up land and build a great health resort near Bridlington, to be called Iodlnopolls or Yeoville, the name is not quite fixed. No one Is to know anything abont it but the few who take preference shares. I am most anxious to realise some of the securities that came to me through my darling brother's death, so as to invest. The manager is called Beaple Yeo." " Never heard of him." "And the chairman is the Earl of Schofield. Mr, Beaple Yeo and the earl together guarantee 17 per cent.-think of that, Lamb !-on their own guarantee ! -an earl, too-and the funds are only three or three and a half!" 