AN ARCADIAN TALE. Two years of sun, rain anil wind and bad weather bad passed over the countless water courses aod vast prairies since Loydltegal left the lingulariy lonely volley of the Ticlie, and now, after the lapse of that time, v he again rode away from New Iberia across the far-reacbing prairie, he remembered those days, as one vaguely tries to recall an almost forgotten dream, and ho thought of gar, blithesome Josephine Felichn, and easuiUy wonJcred if the were happy. It was carlj in the morning, and the ma shone over tho interminable green prairies stretching far away ts the misty horizon like tho shimmering ireves of an endless emerald sea. Chain-like processions of clouds now and then darkened the son and threw deep purple shadows over the sluggish bayoo, which glittered like a silver thread here and there through waring willows and hoary, mistletoe-crowned lire oaks, mots-mantled and hoary with years. In the distance herds of cattle grazed, and the passing wind brought intoxicating odours of jasmine, rose* and magnolias. Everywhere there was the abundant life and colour of ex travagant nature. ' Bcgal drew bU male to a stsndstill where the animal's feet sank up to the fetlocks in a perfect Übyrinth of grasses anil tiowen. He was a man of some thirty yean, dressed in well-made, fashionahlo garments. Uis featnrc* «ere finely cut and eipreuioncd with the impress of his careless, amorous nature. From somewhere in the distance ho heard the hoarse call of a bittern—the only sound in the absolutely silent land. Be (canned the plains of waring green grass with a swift penetrating glance, and then rode on with increased speed. "Yes," he murmured to himself, "they said th< second house. I bate already paswd one." After travelling several hours longer be ap proached a low, uupainted cabin with over hanging sire*, concealed by rnatses of grape- Tines and yellow rotes wMcb entirely covered the black, curled shingles, and clung lovingly around the begrimed chimney* like dependent children about their mother's neck. B«gal dismounted. Then was no fence, so he tied his mule to one of the china tree* which grew on the banks of a miniature circular lako in front of the house.' Be/ore be had time to aswnd the slept a ■talwart man stood in the open doorway. Be was about Begal'i age, dratied ia a nankeen cotton shirt of a yellowish colour and cottoude trousers, and had a pathetic, watehf al exprea. sum on his sunburned face. fl« slightly nodded to Begal, and* toiled aa if to an old acquaint ance.. ;..■,'. ■• ; ;-,■.■:•' . .. • "Are ysa .Joseph Ouboiil" inquired the latter, in broken Arcadian French, before ac centing the proffered chair under the vine covered verandah. . ■-.",'■■■ ' ' " Yes, m'sicu," eagerly answered the man, in the peculiar Arcadian patoia. "A&ddoyon; come to see my lanijl" v , -. ' ' ' "; ■ Bcgalaasented. ■'■i:'- '«■'>' '■-■' ■■ ■)-'■■■•' 'iw; The, Arcadian explained that ha could not guide Mm over the land that day/ owing to tome small matter which required immediate attention, bnt promised: ta attend to.tt tht next morning, inviting Eejal in the meantime to make himself at home. Uter on ha went away and left Segal smoking on the verandah. Joseph had not bees long 'gone when a low laugh of delight came to Begal—the laugh of a rery roiDK child. He ]«oV«d &hhd; him, itiU f-oTh ''you-joa!" «h« murm.ml >n the of this nan, and longed to see htm. "I. Joseph Dubois jour husband ! he in qatad.roL.tl, not noticing l*r conluMon, Cm iSitjrebaked by her «*>wle» fact Coptic, memories throng .^^to ?£. dark-eyed Arcadian, and of ihe lv« »^ •"" given him-. P»»io» «" h'J rf uS W never *oa>i.laintd-and for such a debt be had £id fa?,'with—bat! Neglect, lilaci, and °bl''"v°"j thii Uttle cbUJ, b it jour-, Jo«- A cry of intolerable .uflVn» S Utke from her. joan. t*,«UyJidjou leave ukitl.cn^ l \uu triil! " the wailed, and then rtopped ««ll«»V an the blood criroK»«l ber race, bbc k*l .pokca in the impulw «f the old W ,h -had crer jielJcJ him, and wtcndinj to «i>- Hegal ibmWered a. he beard her. and hoiteae.l to rcjair what seemed like a claim »a hHB for that pait foolisb affair. "I Till malt) all reparation in mj yrttt, he conlinuetl, and would have aiid more >»t at tint raoßtnt J«ei>b Cuboii cima loanl *h l corner of the home. Josephine gathered ber cbiU op m her arnn, and, without glancing at either man, wtnt m as<l closed tbe door. " I have found, m'sicn, that I cm go 10-day, I afler all," slid Doboi« with do»nca*t c/e«. " Tb" I water i» high; tbos we on make good headwiy and get back by mndown." Rrg.l received thin oewi with delifc-bt. lid I longed to fcare tin place «litn mry «»™ ut" ttred reminded him of hi» own baseman. While ho stayed he knew raaone «ad n|«ntanco would be with him, so with one covtrt glaacr at the do«ed hooto he followed Doboii a »hoil JUUnc« acrres tte patbl«M prairie to tbc laton. Tbe tall grass wai kneeJefp wilh laffron-tinted flowen, and a flock of rice birjj rosu frem tbo edge of the ttrcam a« Daboii po*bcd bin jiirofno from tbe reeds into th« water and motioned Regil to Mil himself, *hik be uteppe-l in and | without a word Wok op the tart and l-egan to '■ row rapidlj up stream. Reg»l nmle mveral ef forts at convention, bnt receiving only mono «yllabic repliet be relapsed into ulenre, w»kh ing the weird »;ehery en the banki a.i bo rapUly floited by; The nir vu balmy and heavy with the perfumo of innumerable flonere, but |>n> foondly mebuicholy with the awful silence that hovered over all the tplcndid, ancient land. On Dubois poshed bis pircgao through the tangled mats of white and yellow lilio in tbe wide 6trcUhe» of tbe bayou, where gig«ntie lire oatj waved alonj tie banks, droning Ibeir mossy t'ciUi to the very water and moving their branches like the dripping, spectral arm of ghosts beckoning toward an enseen land ; on through Mmbre Ugoooa, where tbe water wai to bigh they were obliged to droop Ibeir beads I to avoid tbe rank vines which bung from the I trem in fantastic festoons; on over tbe flooded ' swamp, tbe lair of cmmaginablt horrors, where moccasins bty coiled en rceda aod deadly rattlesnakes curled on low hanging bnnchea, a twisting, writhing, voiceless man of living venom, just discernible in the twilight gloom of the Mtnbre cyjireu forest by the glitter of tbeir eyes. On through tbc chilly atmosphere'and malarious hf, and then oat of that jungle of horrible growths into a small lake fairly aliro with voracious alligatoni and other loatbsomu things. DnboLj ran his pingne up to a small island covered with tiny bine surfaced bins soms. " Del out a moment, ui'iien," he sn 1 calmly to Regal. "Thew is something wrong with the boat." Begal, suspectio;; no barm, stepped out into tbe black mad, and before be could prevent it DuboU poshed off into tbe lake again. When sevaral yards di&ta;&t; be called to KegaL " look to yonrself, nVicn. Yon are on an | island which if generally SooJctl at this season. j The water will grow higher day fey day. Yoa | will wear your life out counting too inches as it comes to yon. Look to jourself, in'iieo, for Cajans never forget dishonour offered to their women. While the hungry alligators twim around jour island waiting for their time to I come think of Josephine aod her broken heart. I loved her, boy and man, before- jou came, and after yon had gone I still lovtJ her. To-day I learned you are the man who broke her heart; so adieu, m'sieu," and lJubou began to ru« away. " Have you no heart, man 1 " cried Kegtl in agony. " Surely you «ould not leave luc here to be drowned," A derisive laugh was the only response. " For the lore of God I beg yoa to retain," implored Begal in frenzied tones. The monstnxu passion flowers waved in the breeze, and a call of a whoop-crane from the recesses of the dark, mysterious forest was tho only reply, and Dubois plied his oars faster. "1 will give you all I possess, and I am rich— just think, Joseph—l will give you thousands of dollars—if you vill come back!" But Dubai* had gone. Hidden by the buy ousts of moss he rowed homeward through tho gloom of the swamp. At supper he was quiet and thought ful, tad in reply U) Josi'[>hine's eafcr question, said the stranger had returned la New Iberia, lie retired eatly and sink into a tronbled deep, in which he talked and Duncd and told of the man on the island. Quick as a flash it came to the almost craze I woman. He whom she laved was alone in that death-dealing place, where tho very atmosphero was pestilential. KU&inj; h»r baby the rushed frantically from the boast. She found tho pirogue and pushed it oat in the water, which lay like c vast sheet of silver under the moon's white rays. Straining her hands until her wins vere knotted and swllcn like great panic cords she roweJ, as one pursued by ileaili, over tbo course bcr husband and her lover had traverwd. From somewhere in a thicket q{ roses a mock in; bird sang iv sweetest notas. It ;brougbt back that dead summer when Btgal had wooed her nnder the Tines of her father's cottage, and fasterand faster she urged the boat en. At last, weary and cxhauited.she reached the island and fell fainting into Eegal's arms as he stcpi«d into the pirogue. After awhile htr roatciouaness returned, and they soon started oa their dismal ride. Batk through that black choked inn; Bcgal ro»ed, while the fatigued woman poihed the low hanging branehoiaudo. Once ahe stood up and raited a network of twitted viucs *o they could pua under." Suddenlj, before the naliied it, the had disturbed a huge rattlesnake. With a horriUo tbud it ilia iato the boat and gather ing iUelf up made a fierte daih at Kegsl, who tat nolionleu v though charmed. Josephine •aw the replHo dart iv forked tongoo at her lorer. She grabbed an oar from the daud man and brenjhv it down on tho knaks In nreral •urecuiTo Urn%. The angered aerpent hived and tamed from ficgal, Trho began to rtgaia huuelf, and itrnck furioud/ at the girl. Bcgal ponndod the horrible moiutcr with the other oar, and at length kilted it, bat; not before the deadh poison of ita bite tv taking eSect on poor Josephine. She tank down ajaiiui Rtgil's kn«e>. Her head fell back and her month iv growing gray and parched. "Iloved job.always," abe murmured tuntlj in the ttillnea of On tvtj morning. " Bemem' ber mj babj. : When jou go—take her—with job. Yo»—you art her father. Lore her—and remember me for a while," and littla kr little death liole ot«r all her KDHa. . Ike io»j tun began to mount the eaittrn tkiea and a Uik joared upirari, tingiag it| fint Butin. "Jcacohine-Jostpkine!" mqanel legal, beoduii qver her in angoi.h, "Bear Uttle Jo*, phtne (.Look sp and a; jm will live, for I lore J°» fc«!y- It U the old loV« rrtnrnßa.- B*.»>k«,eTe« did not open; - The Upt dH not replj. - mat me wai remorse when it earns «o lat«l'''A •:■.':',..-r,'-;;: ;■., i .■•■;,.„ ,-. . ; ..,: ■ ■' And jAm Daboi* »wok» tn'th* moraine h» found the woman for whaw aakehe had tinned dead in the iwteVaeeatad TOanda, and th» little child, who had her face, was gone. Cast Itoav-FUtrinmi qk<] for miuitet, 