? ? vary— Eemorse for temptation to which you have yielded, is A shadow you can't sell as Peter Schlemil did bis; It haunts you for ever—in bed and at board— Ay, e'en in your dreams, And you can't find, it seems, Any proof that a guilty man ever yet snored ! It is much if he slumbers at all, which but few— - François Xavier Auguste was an instancecan do. Indeed, from the time He committed the crime Which cut off poor sitter Therese in her prime, He was not the same man that he had been— his plan Was quite changed—in wild freaks be no mora led the van ; - He'd scarce sleep a «rink in A week ; but sit thinking, • % From company shrinking— He quite gave op drinking At the mess-table, too, where now seldom he came, Fish, fricassee, fricandeau, potage, or gime, Dindon mut txvffct, or twftot à lacrime, So !—he still shook bis head,—it ma always the same, Still be never complained that the cook was to Maine! 'Tiras his appetite fail'd liim—no matter bow rare Ani recherché the dish, how delicious the fare,— What he used to like best he no longer could bear ; But he'd sit there and stare With an air of despair; Took no care, but would wear Boots that wanted repair ; Such a sbirt too ! you'd think he'd no' linen to spare. He omitted to shave ; he neglected bis hair, And look'd more like & Guy than a gay Mousquetaire. • One thing, above all, most excited remark ; In the evening he seldom rat long after dark. Not that theD, as of yore, he'd go out for " a laik " With bis friends ; but when they, After taking café. Would have broiled bones and kidneys brought in on a tray,. —Which I own I consider a very good way, If a man's not dyspeptic^ to wind up the day— No persuasion on earth could induce him to stay ; Bat he'd take up hi* candlestick, just nod his bead, By way of " Good evening I " and walk off to bed. Yet even when there he seemed no better off, For he'd wheeze, and he'd sneeze, and he'd hem ! and he'd cough. And they'd bear him all night, Sometimes sobbing outright, While his valet, who often endeavour'd to peep, Declared that "his master was never asleep ! But would sigh, and would groan, slap his forehead, and weep ; ' That about ten o'clock His door he would lock, And then never would open it, let who would knock !— He had heard him," he said, " Sometimes jump out of bed, ' And talk as if speaking to one who was dead ! He'd groan, and he'd moan, In so piseous a tone, Begging some one or other to let him alone, That it really would ^soften the heart of a atone To hear him exclaim so and call upon Heaven, Thai—the bother began always just at eleven !" François Xavier Auguste, as I've told yon .before, I believe was a popular man in his côrps, And his comrades, not one Ofwhom kttir of the Nun, • ' V Now began to consult what was bat to be done. Count Corden Bleu And the Sieur de la Boue Confess'd they did not know at all what to . do: But the Chevalier Hippôlyte Hector Achille Alphonse Stanislaus Emile de Grand ville Made a fervent appeal To the zeal they must feel For their friend, so distinguished an officer's weaL >"' Hie first thing," he said, "was to find out the matter That bored their poor friend so, and caused all this clatter— Mort de ma vie! " —Here he took some rappee— *' Be the cause what'it may, he shall tell it to me!" He Was right, furo ejwngh—in ajpouple of .flays- . ... " " He worms out the whole -of^isfcer There», .... ' Now eoterab'd,|»Br dear some Dutch Pen la. Chaite. —"But the Worst thing of «11/ François Xavier declares, «Is, whenever I've taken my candle up stairs, There's Therese sitting there—upon one of those chaire 1 Such a frown, too, she wearB,and so frightfully glares. That I'm really prevented from feaying my : pray'iB, , ; While an odour, the very reverse ofperfume,— More like rhubarb or Beùna, . pervades the whole • room !" . '. ..• Hector Achille Stanislaus.Emile, .. . ^ When he heard him talk so felt an odd sort of, feel; Not. that he cared for. Ghosts—he was far too . genteel; . Still a queerish sensation came -on when lié saw. • " - : T ''' - Hinj, whom, for fun, They'd, by way of a pun On his person and principles nick-named San» Foi, A man whom they had, you see, Mark'das, 1 aSaducee,— t Inhishoms, all at on ce, so completely to draw, And to talk of a Ghost with Buch manifest \- awe ! It excited the Chevalier Graadville's surprise ; He shrugged up bis shoulders, he turned up his «yes, And he thought with hunBslf : that he could " not do less Than lay ihe whole matter before the whole mere. Repetition's detestable ;—So a* you're best able Point to yourself the effect at the Mess- table— How" the bold Brigadiers Prick'd up their eara, And received the account, some with fears, some with sneers. How the Sieur de la fione Said to Count Cordon Eleu, • "Ma foi—cal bien drole—Monseigneur, what say you ! * How Count Cordon Bien Declared he "thought so too;''— How the Colonel affinn'd that " the case was quite new ; "— \- How the Captains and Majors Began to lay wagtxs How far the Gbost pvt of the siojy was true ;— How, at last, when asked "What was the best thing to do?" Everybody/was «ilefflt,—formjbodykne w !— And how, in the end. they said, "No one could deal With the matterjbo well, from his prudence and • . «•>, • As tbe Gentleman who was the M to reveal This -strange Btoty—via. Hippolyte Hector ' Aïilllte-. •.-, Alphonse Stanislaus Emile de Grandville ! " I need soaroely relate The plans, little and Whkh came Into the Chevalier Hippdrte's pat* - , To rescue his friend from his terrible foes, nne mUànai Imps, wham the world, I Aom extravagant notions respecting their hue, Has *trang«iy «greed to denominate " Blue," ch a« echçœee «erç of Jtç mortr MIOi . • Tlun those he had, early In life, found to fail. When ha strove to lay salt on mbu little bird's tail. lit rain did he tiy pfy to His friend, on the ground that he never could thing as a Ghost, a drop in his Foix never would drink noSF dry ; j wbat the vulgar «al! incti; lésa offeot on a tn&u; he's funl_ lid he strive to detain him at table Till his " dark hour" was over—he never was able, Save once, when at Mess, With that sort of address, Which the British call "Humbug," and the Frenchmen " Finetsc " (It's " Blarney " in Irish—1 don't know the Scotch,) He fell to admiring his friend's English watch.* He examined the face. And the back of the case, And the youog Lady's portrait there, done on enamel, he " Saw by the likenesa was one of the family ;" Cried M Superbe Magnifique ! " (With his tongue in bis cheek)— Then he opened the case, just to take a peep in it, and Seized the occasion to pop back the minute hand. With a demi -conge, and a shrug, and a giin, he Returns the bijou and—c'est une affaire finie— " I've dona him," thinks be, "now I'll wager a guinea !" It happen d that day They were all very M g»y* 'Twas the Grand Monarque'* birthday—that if, 'twas St. Louis', Which in Catholic countries, of course, they would view as his— So when Hippolyte saw Him aboat to withdraw. He cried, "Come—that won't do, my fine fellow, St. Foix,— Give iib five minutes longer, and drink Vive le Jtoil" François Xavier Auguste, Without any mistrust, Of the trick that was plsy'd, drew bis watch . -from his fob, • Just glanced at the hour, then served.-to "hobnob," Fill'd a bumper, and rose, With "Messieurs, I propose—" He paused—bis blanch'd lips fail'd to utter the toast. 'Twas deren !--Jie thought it Iulf-past ten at most— Ev'iy limb, nerve, and muscle grew stiff as a post,— Hie jawdropp'd—his eyes SwelL'd to twice their own size— And he stood as a pointer would stand—at a Ghost ! —Then shriek'd, as he fell on the floor like a stone, "Ah ! Sister Therese ! now—do let me alone!" It's amazing by sheer perseverance what men do,— As water wears stone by tbe " Srepe cadendo," If tbey stick to Lord Somebody's motto, " Agendo ! " Was it not Robert Bruce J—I declare I've forgot,. But I think it w'as Robert —you'll find it in Scott— Who, when cursing Dame Fortune, was taught by a -Spider, "She's sure to come round, if you mil but abide her." " Then another great Bob, Called " Whiteheaded Bob," Whom I once saw receive such a thump on the " nob " From a fist which might almost an elephant brain, That I really believed, at the firat, he was slain. For he lay like a log on his back on the plain, Till a gentleman present accustomed to train, Drew out a .small lancet and opened a vein Just below his left eye, which relieving the • pain, He stood up lij» a trump, with an air of disdain, "Ç-"'*'-' While his *' backer " was fain—For he could not refrain— ' i • • (He was dress'd in pea-green, with a pin and gold chain, And I tbiii I heùd somebody «dls : him; "Squire fiayne,") To whisper ten iporth one should'always retain, — u TAKE A SUCK AT SHE IEMOS AND AT HIM AGAIN m " 4 hint ne'erlnrpua'd, though thus spoken at randoa^^Ç-; .. I Since TeuMÉymostrophe—Nil desperandum, I GkaniitHRHman it, and order'd his Tandem. He i St, Foix eay, That no very great From Nami a snug little town called Grandpre, Near which, a few miles from the banks of the Maese, Dwelt a pretty twin-sister of poor Dear Therese, Of the same age, of course, the Bame father, same* mother, And as like to Therese as one pea to another ; She liv'd with.her Mama, Having lost her Papa, , Late of contraband tchnaps an onlioensed distiller, " *-• ' • = -And her namn was Dèr-j&m;ïinB- fin KAgfoai Miss Miller}. ' Now, though ] .Hector Could hardly expect To feel much regard for her sister's " prot!ectoiri?* When she'd seen him BO shamefully, leave&ud; neglect her ; StUlj he very well knew In this ^orid- there are few But are ready muoh Christian forgiveness to • show, • 4 • - For other folk's wrongs—if well paid so to do— And - he'd seen to what acts " Ret Angusta; " compel beaux ......" 1 And belles wjiose ^fikira have once got oat at elbows,; With the magic effect of a handful of crowns Upon people whose pockets boaat nothing but "browns:"" Aiew /rancs well applied. He'd no doubt would dedde Miss Agnes Des Moulina to jump up and ride As far aB headTquarters, next day, by his aïe; For the distance was nothing, to speak by conipàrison, To the town where the Mousquetaires now lay in garrison ; Then he thought by the aid Of. a veil, and gown made lake those worn by the lady Jus friend had betray'd, They might dress up Misa Agnes eo iike to the Shade . Which he fancied he saw, of that poor injured maid, Come each night, with her pale face, his guilt to upbraid ; That if once introduced to his zoom, thus array'd, ^ And then unmask'd as .soon as she'd long enough stay'd, Twoiild be no very di£Bcult task to pemuade Him the whole was a scurvy trick, cleverly play'd, Out of spite and revenge, by a mischievous jade I * , With respect to the scheme—".hough I do not , call that a gem— Still I've known soldier's adopt a worse stratagem, And that, too,- among the decided approvers Of General Sir David Dundaa's "Manoeuvres." There's a proverb, however, I've always thought clever, Which my Grandmother never was tired of repeating, "The proof of the pudding is found in the eating !" We shall see in the sequel, how Hector Achille Had mix'd up the suet and plums for AùmeaL The night had set in ;—'twas a dark and «.gloomy one :— Off went St. Foix to his chamber a roomy one, - Five stories higb, The first floor from , the sky, And lofty enough to afford great facility For playing a. game, with the youthful nobility. Of "crack ewp^" a deal in Bequest, ' *hen they're Ceding, ; . In dull country quarters, amui on them stealing; A wet wafer's applied To a sixpence's side, Then It's spun with -the thumb up to atfakon theoeÙing; . XntdOta$naI~a«mnem£Bt, wbiohcustom • allows r?e enn it h^^practised at home by our Household froopa. • «' Tomphm'i, I prwpn® T Fawjuiuub,, Sure François Xavier Auguste lock'd and bolted hÎB door With just the same caution ^Bractised And now comes the moment—the watches and docks All point to eleven—the bolts and the locks Give way—and the party turn out their bagfox!— With step noiseless and light, Though half in a fright, A cup in her left hand, a draught in her right, In her robe long and black, and 'her veil'long and white, Ma'amselle Agnes dés Houlink walks in sis a Sprite!— - !•:•• - " ... She approaches -the 'bed < With the came silent tread - Just as though she had been at' least half a year dead 3 v r Then seating herself on the "rush- bottam'd chair," • . - .' Throws a. cold stony, glanoe at thé Blade Mousquetaire. If you're one of the "play-going public," kind reader, And not à Moravian or rigid Seceder, You've seen Mr. Kean, 'I mean in that scene Of Macbeth,—by some thought the crack one of the piece, Which baa been: bo well painted - by Mr. M'Clise,— When he wants, after having stood up to say . «««ce,* To sit down to his haggis, and can't find a place; Tou remember bis stare At the high-back'd arm-chair, Where the Ghost sits that nobody else knows is there, And how, after saying n What man dares 1 dare!" • , He proceeds to declare Htf should not so much cane If it came in the shape, of- a "tiger" or "bear," • - ! ; i : But he don't like it sinking Us long gory hair! While ihe obstinate Ghost, as determined to brave him, '. With a horrible grin, Sits, and cocks up his chin, Just as though he was atking the tyrant to shave Mm. And Lennox and Bosae Seem quite at a loss If they ought to go on with their sheep's head and sauce! And Lady Macbeth looks uncommonly cros*, And says in a huff It's all "Proper staff 3"— AU this you'll have seen, Reader, often enough ; So perhaps 'twill assist you in forming some notion Of wh?t muBb -liave been François Xavier'* emotion If you fancy what troubled : Macbeth to be doubled, And, instead of one Banqao to stare in his "face .-'•• : Without "speculation," supprae he'd a brace! I wish Fd poorFuseli's pencil, who ne'er I believe was exceeded in painting the terrible* Or that of Sir Joshua Reynolds, who was so a-droit in d«picting it—»tcfe his piece Descriptive of Cardinal Betfufort's decease,' Where -thA prelate is . lying, Decidedly dying, With the Eing and his suile, Standing just at'hÎB feeft, And bis bands,- as Dame Quickly says, fumbling the sheet ; While:, close at'his ear, with the air of a scorner, t BuBy, meddling," Old Nick'n grinning up in the corner. But painting's an art I confess I am Taw in, Tbe fact ÏB, I never took lessons iu drawing, Had I done so, instead Of the lineB you have read, I'd have given you a sketch should have fill'd you with dread ! • François Xavier Auguste squatting up in his bed, His hands widely spread, His complexion like lead, Ev'ry hair that he has standing up on his head, r As when, Agnes âe<ra6>ûlin| Aist catching his view, - - - '? & •• Now right, and now left, lipid glances he threw, Then shriek'd with a wild andfèjinearthly * halloo, ftffr "Mon Dieui v'la demi "Br SHE POPE . XBEBE ABE TWO ! ! ! He fell back—one long In flew De la Boue, Bleu, Pommade, Pomme-de their crew. He Btirr'd not,—he «j them jknew ! And Achille -cried , his looks, Our friend, François the hooks ! " 'Twas too true ! Malheureux/! .' [t was done!—he had ended his career,— had gone off at onoe with a il gould hope ope. * sk If ever clianôé shouldlbring some'Cornet gay And pious Maid,—as, possibly, it may,— From Knightsbridge Barracks, and the shades serene Oï Clapham Bise, as far as Kensal Green ; O'er some pale marble .when tiiey join their heads : • - To kies tba jfalfing bears each other sheds ; Oh ! maytbey pa'£se !-—and think, in silent awe, .-- v . He, that,he reads the words, "Ci git SL Foix!" She, that the tombstone which . her .eye . . •surveys'^.'-. •; _ -, Bears this sad line, -— " Sic j'dcet ]Sœur Therese f"— Then Bhall they ngh, .and weep, and mur- ' muring say, " " • ' - "Oh ! may we never play such tricks as they!"— Ani if at such a time some Banl there be, Some sober Bard,' addicted much to tea And sentimental song—like Ingoldsby— If such there be—who nngs and sips so well, Let him this ead, this tender story tell ! . Warn'd by the talé, the gentle' pair shall . boast, . . . ' "Tve'scaped the Broken Heart ! "—'.and I, the Ghost"!! 1 May good digestion waCton .a] And health on both.—Macbett 