Protection v. Free Trade. To tub Kbiiob.— Sir, — At the present time a specious attempt is bi'iog made by certain political opportunists to dtory tho advantages of protection, and tho withering sarcasm of having a professedly Protectionist Governmunt, in which the influence of Sir T. M'llivraith operated whh about as much power oh a mafic lantern ghost, haa been fully exposed in all its naked deformity by tho confessions of Messrs. Morehead ar.d PattiBon, who distinctly avow that the preseut tariff was imposed as a com promise (or (-helving of the real question) for the bvlo uud single purpose oi raising revenue. As Mr. Ockelford ' has pointed out. the present evolution out of free trade ii' neither fish, fowl, nor good red herring, and while it disgusts the genuine protectionist it serves as an irritant to the freetrader. What is wanted is a genuine policy j-upported by the vast majority of pro tectioniEts in the Houee, who were sent there to provide work and wages for the people. Without in any wuy pretending to hive the vast experience and intimate knowledge pos sessed by Mr. Ookleford on this question it ap peurs to me to be a suicidal polioy to export '2b. Gd. worth of wool to England and obtain in return a jardof sloth worth 15s. In this cfato it is clear 12b. 6d goes into the bands of thn me-chantt-, manufacturers, and manipulators in England, while we have to put up with the half, crown. In my opinion it is necessary for thiB colony to conserve its own labour, and form a social potitiou in order to give employ ment and honourable occupations to the thousands of children 'vho are growing up and anticipating a chance of earning a livelihood within the four comers of the colony. On tho question of tho diversity of occupations Daniel WebB*er, the great Ameri can ttattuDim, states 'the interests of every lubcuiing community require diversity of occu pation, pursuits, and forms of industry. The TTnflTA tTmfc riivprflifv i« TniiiHnlipfl nr ftTfrnniinii tbe better. To diversify employment is to tnhance wage?. And take this great truth, place it on the title-page of every book of political economy intended for use, put it on every fanner's almanao, let it be the heading of every column in every mechanics' magazine, proclaim it everywhere and make it a proverb, tbat -n hero there is work for the hands of men, there will be work for their teeth. Where there ib employment there will be bread. It ia a great blessing to the poor to have oheap food ; but greater than that, prior to that, and of still higher value is tha blessing of boing able to buy food by honest and respectable employment. Employment feeds, clothes, and instructs ; employment givea strength, sobriety, and morals constant em ployment ; and well paid labour produce, in a country like ours, general prosperity, content and cheerfulness. '' Thus happy have we seen America, thus happy may. we oontinue to see it.' — Tours, &o.;, Gbo. Sissons. 