NBWS OF THE DAT. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's R.M.S. Valetta, with mails from Europe, China and India, reached Albany at 7.30 a.m. yester day. ThcValotta may be expected to rcacb Adelaide on Wodncsday, and Hobson's Bay on Faiday night. Lord Hopetouu intends to visit Mount Mace- don to-day for the purposo of inspecting the gubernatorial summer house. He will proceed by speoi&l; train; and is to return to town agaiu this afternoon. A trial trip was made on Saturday of a new stooping oar constrnotcd at the Newport railway workshops for uso on the Portland lino. Its length is 70 teet, and it is divided into eight compartments, four of which will hold two people each, and the remaining four are designed to giA'e accommodation to four persons each. Thero is thus sleoping accommodation for 24 persons. A smoking compartment is also pro vided. A small place is divided from the remainder of the car, and may be utilised as bar, wherein tho conduotor or other officials may attend to tho Avants of thirsty customers by supplying them with potations of tho softer kind, ardent liquors being absolutely prohibited. A system of olcctrio bells is provided, and there aro also lavatories for the use of tho passengers. The car is to bo lighted by oloctricity generated in storage battorics pieced under the carriago. The inside is beautifully fitted up, and spcoial attention has been paid to ventilation. Tho Avoods employed in construc tion aro kauri panelling Avith oak and black- wood mouldings and frames, Avhile tho panels inside are very prettily painted with Australian sconos. A passage runs along ono sido from eud to end of tho car, so that any person may leave bis own oompartmcnt without disturbing those in tho next one. Tho borths or bunks aro in trvo tiers, ono abovo another, and in the day time tbo upper tior can bo let doAvn so aa to form a baok for the lower one. Steps are pro vided for those who have to climb into the top bunks, and these Avill fold underneath or may be used as supports for ocoasionol tables. A linen press is fitted up at ono end, sad altogether the fittings are most oompletc. Tho car ran very Bmoothly en its trial trip, and scarcoly any oscillation was noticeable. Mr. Alison Smith, under whose direction the car svas built, took a number of tho men employed at tho Newport workshops with him on tho trip, with a viow of noting any defects which may bo obviated in tho seoond car which it is proposed to build for Also on the Portland lino. Tho ear ran as far as Baiiarat, where a stay was made of somo hours, and tbi party returned to town on Saturday night. A conference between tho traffic managers of railways in Viotoria, New South Wales, South Australia and Queensland will bo opened in Melbourne about the ond of tho week, on matters of general interest In tho conduct of railway traffic and the classification of goods. Mr. Speight received a telegram ou Saturday, stating that the delegates will arrivo in Mel bourne on AVcdncsday, 11th inst., and it is probable that the conference will begin next day. The Minister of Public Instruction has agreed to appoint a special board to inquire into and report upon the cases of two State school teachers, Messrs. Burston and M'Nab, who recently petitioned Parliament and called atten tion to a wrong done them in consequenco of a mistake made by the classifiers. Both are first assistants in first class schools, and complain that they missed promotion to head teacherships as the classifiers, in error, omitted to offer them advancement by seniority of service, giving it to other teachers whose claims consisted only in priority of application. When this mis take was corrected, and their chance came round again for promotion, Messrs. Burston and M'Nab again found themselves shut out by the provisions of the Education Act Amendment Bill. The board, which will probably con sist of Messrs. Akehurst, Wilson Brown and Taylor, M.L.A., is to determine the claims of these teachers and what amount of compen sation they are entitled to. Attention has been directed by a correspon dent in The Age to the inconvenience caused by abutting off the water in the retioulation mains whenevor service pipes have to be laid. It was suggested that this incon venience could be obviated by tho Water Supply department procuring a tapping machine, with the aid of which mains can be tapped without necessitating the water being first' shut off. But it is explained by the officers of tlio department that such a inaobino woul not be of much advantage to thom, as the department does not undertake the laying of ser vice pipes. No responsibility is accepted by the department in respect to service pipes I| or oonsumors at their own cost by priva e plumbers, and whenever a main is shut off t e department takes advantage of the oircum stance to effect necessary repairs. The laying of the now water main to South Melbourne is approaching completion. On Satui day anothor important connection was made in the main, Avhich is now finished ss lar as Victoria-street, North Melbourne, and has been tapped. The last section is now boing laid, including the pipea over the row Falls bridge sod it ia expected that tho whole work will bo comploted before the oloso of tho year... A eaao of deplorable filthinoss in conneotioq ifith the now 'Watts River nqucduut lias been brought under the notico of tho Minister of Publio Works by Mr. W. Davidson, superin tending engineer of tho Ynn Yean system. Mr, Davidson last week visited the aqueduct and found that a person owning a small farm on a hill side, on tho Upper Plenty-road, had com mitted on outrage upon publio dcoonoy. This farm has a natural drainago towards tho aque duct, and in consequence of this tho Wator Supply dopartment bought a portion . of tho land for somo distanco up tho hill, fenced it, and constructed a drain to carry off tho storm wator along tho side of tho hill. But the owner of tho farm, between whom and tho officers of tho Water Supply depnrtmont thero appears to exist somo fooling arising out of strong opposition shown to his establishing a slaughter yard in tho Plenty Ranges, covered his soil with a mass of niglitsoil and liquid manure. Thero has been no attempt to dig in or cover this material, which has gravitated into tho storm water ohannol, overflowed, and found its way into tho nquoduct, whero it now lies a festering mass. Fortunately tho aque duct is not in uso yet, as tho Watts River scheme is still in progress and will not bo completed before Juno next. Tho case has been referred to the Crown Law.officora with a view of crimi nal proceedings being instituted against tho per son who has committed this shocking outrage. Towards the closo of last week an uneasy' feeling prevailed on Chango in consequence of somo damaging rumors currant about the Premier Building Society. Tho affairs of tho society wore said not to bo in so flourishing a condition as shareholders might wish, and it was in fact said that no dividend was to bo declared this year. The stock, which was pressed upon tho jnnrkot. was sold at heavy reductions from 8fR down to 50s. Sir. J. Nimmo, M.L.A., chair man of the board of directors, on Saturday made a statement regarding tho affairs of tho society. "In my opinion," says Mr. Nimmo, "the society is in a thoroughly sound and solvent condition. A very caroful -investi- 'gation bos been made by an actunry thoroughly qualified for tho task of the loans made by the society, together with its finances generally, aud wo find wo aro in a posi tion to pay everybody 20s. in tho pound, and when that is done still have £17,000 or £18,000 to the good. Of course any institution of a finanoial ohnracter having a run upon it sud denly must necessarily collapso ; but I bold that wo aro in . a sound' solvent condi tion, aud if tho shareholders conduct themselves with prudence and refrain from doing anything calculated to bring about a panio until the yearly finanoial state ment is published, they will sea then that the society stands in a sound position. We will hold tho annual meeting of shareholders next Friday, wheu the report of the aireotors will bo brought up. Tho society has not made any spcaial losses this year, and is doing a very good business. Tho loss that tho socioty has bad to provide for has more to do with previous valua tions than anything elso, but thero is not tho slightest oauso tor alarm. " The Minister of Water Supply has set apart £200 for distribution in six prizes for tho best irrigated garden, orchard or vineyard farm and variety of irrigatod crops. Nominations, which are not to bo made after the 14th inst., will only bo rcooivod from irrigation and water supply trusts and agricultural and horticultural societies, and each trust or socioty has the right of nominating competitors for each of theso compotitious. Complaints having beon made as to tho inof ficioncy of tho landing nrrnngomouts at tho Williamstown piers for tho P. and O. and Orient steamers, Mr. Pattorson, Minister ot Customs, called for a report from Mr. E. A Wilson, Engineer ot Ports and Ihrbors, on tho subject. Sir. Wilson's roport is to the effect that tho gangways used by those vessels aro stanch and safe, and up to. tlio requirements of tho Ports and Harbors regula tions. Ho mentioned the matter to tho sergeant of police, who assured him that both the com panies mentioned were most particular with their passenger stages and tho usual rope not underneath. The cadets' matches fired at tho Williams- town Butts on Saturday brought the Victorian Rifle Association's meeting for 1889 to a close. Fcithor the attendance nor tho entries woro what might have been looked tor, and no spcoial interest attached to tho day's proceedings. Tho headquarters staff were absent aud tho medical duties devolved on Scrgeant-Mujor. Porter. , Owing probably to the non-appenranoe of the principal country corps and to untoward circum stances as regarded some of the metropolitan schools tho Scotch Collogo teams had pretty much of their own way and carried off all tho principal prizes. Lieutenant-Colonel' Temple- ton was executivo officer, and under his management tbo day was profitably and enjoy- ably spent. Tbo matoh for sonior teams was won by one of three teams ontcrod by the' Scotch Collogo, tlio total score being 251 points. Two teams from tho Gcolong Church of England (i ram mar School took second and third places, with 239 and 213 points rcspeotivoly. Tho Junior TcamB Match was won by a Scotch College team with 173, the Geelong Church of England Grammar School coming second with 172, and tho Kensington State school team third with a similar score. The volley tiring oontcst for senior teams was won by tho Goelong Grammar School with a total of 38 points, two Scotch Collcgo teams coming second and third with 31 and 27 points respectively. Tlio Toorak C'oilcgo team took first place in the junior volley firing with 85 points, Carlton Stato sohool, No. 112, coming second with 84. The Senior Cadets A'olley Firing Match was won by tho Carlton detachment. In tho individual matches, the senior event was won by Cadet Pigdon, Scotcli College, who made 62 out of a possible 70 ; Cadet James, Geolong Grommar School, coming seoond with 60. The junior ovont was won by Color- Sergeant Nelson, Footsoray Stato sohool, with n total of 45 out of a possible 50; Cadot A. Humphreys, of the Balwyn State sohool, coming second with 42. Among tlio labor troubles whioh have been threatening in the metropolis latoly tho difficulty at Newport presents the most serious aspects. Thero aro ouly seven men on strike thero at present, but a dozen casual hands in tbo joiners' shop hnvo threatened to go out if their wages aro not raised from 9s. 6d. to 10s., and a similar courso is likoly to be followed by 44 men in the truck and carriage shop who aro receiving 9a. per day. A innss meeting of all tlio workshop employes, per manent as well as temporary hands, will be held to-day to consider tho situation. Jho threatened striko among tlio cabinet makors nt Messrs. W. , II. Rocko and t'o.'s warehouse has beon averted, a mutual un derstanding having boon arrived at concerning tlio constitution of tho shop committee. The recent requests put forward by tjie Furniture Irado Society concerning cnbinot making work have been almost universally adopted thongbout the trade. The condition of tlio ohampion sculler, Scarlo, lias undergone a decided change for the worse. Inquiries mado at the sanatorium, Newport, yesterday elicited tho fact that the medical men in attendance wore disposed . to view the case with tho utmost alarm, and thoro is gravo cause to fear a fatal termination. At midnight there had been no obango, and the patient was reported as in a critieal condition. By tho breaking down of the engine of tho 5'35 a.m. goods train, leaving Broadford on Saturday morning, the Sydney and Goulburn A alley oxpross trains wero delayed for about two hours. An ongino was sent up from Mel bourne and shunted tho disabled train baok to I'allarook, so as to clear tho line, and fchotwo expresses, instead of arriving at Melbourne between 11 a.m. and 12 noon, wore detained by- .the accidont until after 1 o'olook. , A trial of Carpo Diem coal was made on Wednesday last on tho Box Hill railway lino, , and the locomotivo deportment roport that the coal is a good one, and that the train was taken by it from Melbourne to Box Hill and back. The trial on such a short line was not sufficient to afford a thorough test— as if the coal had failed thoy would not have heen warranted in condemning it without further tests— and a fur ther trial will bo mado shortly. Tudgo Molosworth cannot sit in tho Insol vency Court to-day to hear tho reference made in tho caso of Dark and Lock. The matter lias therefore beon postponed. Max O'Rcll (M. Paul Blouct) gave on Sunday, - Z'tli October (says % London contemporary), at tioutli-place Institute, the fourth of the series' of free leoturo3 on " National Lifo and Thought. " Wis remarks took the form of a comparison ; -"titutod between " Jacquoa Louhomme " and' "Josef rrndhommc" on the one side and John Bull on . tho other. Jacques Bon. hdmmc, according , to M. Blouct, is a very small landowner, who has "throe acres apd a cow," and lives by tliqra. Ho is sharp on tho market, wears cheap' clothing, which is always now whon he gets it, hns a wife who is ono' of tho mainstays of tlio country, and a daughter whose life is mapped out to fill a similar position. Tho women dress neatly, always cleanly, they' pass their lives quietly, but industriously, - and arc, as individuals, unknown to foreigners. Josef Prudhommc, of tho bourgeois or middle class type, is entirely misunderstood by Englishmen. He does not aoho for glory and conquest ; his cry is "Peace, peace." Ho is quiet and retiring; his wifo, always good, loads him by tho noso ; ho lives with his raothcr-in-law ; 'and his aim in lifo might b'o briofly stated — to give his son a good education, save a good dowry for his daughter, see them both happily married and have their children around his deathbed, and ho usually realises this. Tho two characters, with their prosperous contontmont, wero the pooplo that mado Franco at tho present day probably one of tlio riebest countries in tho world. In tho French savings bank there was now £96,000,000 as tho result of tho thrift of workmon and servants. Tho Frenchman had the reputation of being a Republican. Ho was a Republican. He (tho lecturer) believed, especially now, that a Republic was probably tho stablo form of government for France. Frenchmen suffered from over- administration. Tiioy lived under a Govern ment whioh looked after all their wants, and even supplied thom with matches and fireproof cigars. It was said they meant to tako a monopoly ot alcoholic liquors, but if their alcohol was not more inflammatory than their matches and cigars thoy would not do much misohief. It is vory satisfactory (remarks tho Daily News) to find from tho now Wreck Reyistcr and Chart for tho year ended June, ,1888, that tho number' of accidents around our oonsts was 220 loss than in tho previous 12 months, although more vessels entered and loft our ports. Alto gether 4004 casualties aro rcoorded, of whioh 3628 bofel British and Colonial ships, whilo 376 wore incurred by foreigners. It is curious to noto that tho deoroaso in tho total is entirely due to . tho British and colonial vessels, aecidonts to foreign skip3 having actually increased from 373 to 376. Tho loss of life involved is distributed in a strangely disproportionate manner. Of tho 571 fatalities, 332 were from tho British and Colonial ships and 239 from the much smaller number of foreign vessels. That is to say that tho los3 of each British lifo required nearly 11 casualties,- while each 3 aecidonts under a foreign flag involved the loss of 2 lives. Eighty-four woro lost in foundered vessels ; 226 — more than doublo tho record of the previous year — in collisions ; 149 in stranded ships ; and the rest either in missing vessels or in loss serious mishaps. Great as this loss of lifo appears to bo, tho total is far below tho average. Even in tho previous year 645 persons met their deaths around our coasts, and if we tako the mean for tho last 30 years wo find that it is 813, or 242 more than this latest record. . Muoli of this improvement no doubt is due to increased efficiency and seaworthiness in our shipping and sailors, but a great deal more must also bo put down to tho growth of tho Royal National Lifeboat Institution, which has saved in the samo period 24,580 lives, a number which exceeds the lossos by 178. The caso of Praed v. Graham, decided on 30th Octobor, possesses (says a London contempo rary) somo public intorest and importanoo, quite apart from tlio faot that the plaintiff's wife, to whom tbo libel was addressed, is the well known author of An Australian Heroine, and many othor novels. What the judges have in substance bold is that a jury may give heavy damages for libel where tho plaintiff has suffered no pecu niary loss whatever. Mr. Graham, tlio defen dant, editor of the Gentleman, wrote a foolish and offensive letter to Mrs. Campbell Praed, in which ho said that he could reoeive no further contributions from her, because her hus band bad asked a young lady to dino alone with him. Tho innuendo wns plain, the insult was gross, the plaintiff and the young lady both denied tlio fact. In theso circumstances tho jury awarded tlio plaintiff damages to tlio amount of £500. It caunot bo denied that tho sum is a very largo one. Mrs. Praed, of courso, did not believe Mr. Graham, and no harm was doiio. But it is right that people should be pro tected from tho annoyance of mischiovbus busy- bodies ; and if judges wero to set aside a verdict whenever they, thought tho damages higher than they would have given thomsoivos' trial by jury might as well bo disponsed with alto gether. The Quoon Regent of Spain has, it is said, shocked her proud aristoornts by raising Si. Santa Anna, tho editor of tho popular journal Corrrespondencia d' Espana to the rank of a marquis. The now noble is (writes tho London correspondent of tho Manchester Examiner) a man of great onergy. Forty years ago he reached Madrid with 10 franos in his pockot.. He has not only created a newspaper, but bas foundod savings banks and pension banks for old age. Ho iB widely popular, and tho Queen's recognition of his public services is generally applauded. A truly sonsational scheme for getting tho shipping businoss between two continents under tho control of a ring is (a writer in Iron says) boing promoted by tbo International Transpor tation Company, rocontly started at Nashville, Kentucky, whioh is intonded " to revolutionise the shipping system of Europo and America." The plan proposed to be adopted is this : — Ar rangements are to bo mado with all or a majority of. tho. shipping merahants in the United States to yield to tho oompany tho sole privilege of routing competitive freight to and from competing points over tho various liues and waterways. .Tho shippers aro made tlio oompany's agents. Tho oompany has sent to tlio American railways a oircular letter, asking for their term3 on various classes of freight, and tho business will bo conducted over tho lines from which tho best compensation is derived. Not loss than the following pcrcontago will be charged by the company : — Three per cent, per £100 for all packages and pound freights ; for pig iron, iron ore, salt, implements, wood, coal, lnaoliinory, telegraph poles, cement, rook, railway iron, lumber, cake, &o;,, 1 dol. por car ; live stock, furniture, &o.;, 2 dol. per car. Those rates— or drayage charges, as they are called — apply to each line over whioh tho shipmonts aro routed. Railway men in tho United States consider the projeat an impossible one. Tlio Ohiucse diplomatic sorvico is (says tho Times) in its infauoy, and many years will probably liavo to pass boforo it attains the efficiency of the corresponding services in AVcstorn countries. One of the most prominent features of the Cliinoso legations abroad is tho enormous number of persons brought in tho -train of each successive Mlnistor, all of whom- seem to be ongaged in some capacity. AVhat witli secretaries of all grades, attaches, orderlies, and servants in more than Oriental profusion, a Oiiineso legation is a Chinese colony. It is understood that the Marquis TsSng had in one capacity or auotlior about him some 120 per sons in Loitdou alouo, including not only his own secretaries aud servants, but their families and servants, and excluding the number in Paris, St. Petersburg and the other capitals to which ho is accredited. This state of things appears to havo now attracted the serious attention of tho .Chinese Government, for tho Ministers of tho Tsung-li Yameu havo submitted a memorial to tlio Throne recommending the adoption of certain . modifications in the Cliineso diplomatic servioo. Tho Ynmen propose that horoaftor each Chinese embassy shall consist only of tho Minister, two secretaries of legation, two or threo interpre ters, two! attaches, one military attache, ono medical officor and two writers. For embassies appointed to more than one country the above staff may bo increased by one of eaoh capaoity, but this prescribed limit shall in no wiso be allowed to, bo exceeded. This measure is pro posed with the view of curtailing public expen diture in connection with the Chinese diplomatic service. Possibly it will increase its pfUcIenoy also. Tbo Prinoess's Theatre was orowdod to excess on Saturday evening, tho occasion of the 50th performance of Littlo Lord Fauntleroy. Lord and Lady Hopotoiin and suito witnessed tho .performance, which was givan with great spirit, and elioitcd general applause. Tho last nights of this successful pieoo are announced. It will lie played during tho ensuing week until Satur day evening, when the AVilliamsou, Garner and Musgrove Opera Company is to re-appear in tho Yeoman of the Guard., Hamlet was revived at the Opera Hoose on Saturday evening,' with almost the same east as when thia masterpiece of dramatio composition was first produced by Mr. Miln somo 12 months since. There was a largo attendance in all parts of tho theatre excepting tho dross circle, whioh presonted a beggarly array of empty benches. Mr. Miln, who appeared as tho melancholy and vacillating Hamlet, showed tho effeots of his recent indisposition, but struggled manfully to carry tho performance to a successful closo. Ho was well supported by Mr. J. F. Cathcart as tho Ghost, Mr. Henry Hodson, who appeared as Polontus, Mr. H. N. Douglas as Laertes and Mr. A. E. Grccnaway as Horatio. Mr. J. B. Atliolwood acted the part of tho first playerwith more than ordinary ability. Miss Kato Douglas distinguished herself as tho Queen, a character she played with dignity and great feeling, her acting in tho oloset sceno rising far above tho common lovol, and doserving to bo placed beside the boat seen upon a Melbourne stage. Miss Louise Jordan is seen to more advantage as Ophelia than in any other character which her ambition bas urged her to assume. Somo of the minor ports, as well as that of KingCJlaudius, wero very indifferently played, but tho soenoryand general mounting wore oxcollont, and upon a far more elaborato scalo than theatrical monagors ordinarily think it desirable to adopt when pro ducing any of Shakspoare's plays. Hamlet is to be repeated this ovoning. Tho Sultan of Mooha was. successfully per formed at the Alexandra Thsatre on Saturday evening. It will bo repeated to-uiglit ond to morrow, and for AVodncsday Flotow's Martha is announced, with Signor Buzzi in tho role of Plunket. St. George's Hall was filled to overflowing on Saturday evening, when a now programme was presented by tho variety combination under the direction of tho Oogilt Bros Several new faoes appeared in the entertainment, whioh nmbraces man-" novelties and is about as faun as anything of its kind yet soon in Melbourne. Tho music hall entertainment given at tho Victoria Hall is boing well attended, and on Saturday evening, whon a change ot programmo was presented, tho hall was not largo enough to hold with comfort the audienco paoked into it. Tho Yarravillo and Yurravillo AVcst Stato school soholarsand teachers and the Seymour cadots enjoyed a visit to tho Cyclorama on Saturday morniDg last, .the former through tho kindness of Mr. James Cuming, J. 1\, of Footscray, whilo a largo number of Ballarat excursionists also attended during tho weok. An early visit will ho paid to tho Cyclorama by tho teachers and scholars of the North Mel bourne AVesloyan Sunday schools. A meeting of tho Land Nationalisation Society will be held at tho Bourke-street Coffee l'alace this evening. ft The Marine Board invites tenders from porsons compotent to examino, adjust and compute the errors of compassos. Tho last data for receiving offers is Thursday noxt, at noon. At the mooting of tho Jewish Literary Society, to bo hold in the Australian II&U;, Flinders-sireot, Miss Itosonhain will read a papor on lloligious Idols and Ideals. Members and visitors aro spe cially invltod toatfcond. 'I h© relatives of Mr. Henry A. Paydon, who was accidentally killed at Kiohmoiut, desire to express their Biucurografcitudo to tho members of tho Cab men's Union for their gratuitous services at his funeral on Friday afternoon last, and also for tho many letters of coudolenco to his deeply grieved parents. Tho address from raombers of tlio Church of Eng land is to bo presonted on Monday, 16th inst., at 4 p.m., to his Excellency tho Governor, who has arranged that date for the purpose. It is desired that clergymen and laymen of tho diocese should meet at Government House shortly boforo the time appointed. Wo havo recoived from Messrs. Caaselland Com pany (through the Melbourno agencv, 2 Russell- street south) tho volume of Little Folks for 1G89. It contains a large collection of children's stories, with numorous illustrations, and othor tnattor interest ing to tho juvenile mind. Tlio volume forms a vory acceptable present for children. Yvlo TWc, Cassell's Christinas annual for 1839, has been forwarded to us through the Molbourno agency, 2 Russeii'stroot 6outb. Tho number in cludes a largo presentation sheet in colors, Welling ton's First Encounter With tho French, from tho painting by g. w. Joy, and also four full page pictures mid other illustrations, all nicely executed, and some of them of a very amusing character. Tho lettor press consists of tales and sketches, all of which aro very readable. 