Fanny, the Colt. L'tUo Fanny wns motherless, having been ditcoverud in an open field beside her dead mother, BJore alio waa a year old sho oould open tho door to her own room and go to bod alone. Sho did not quite understand tho fasconinga from the iuaide, and had to be lot out> in tho morning. Tho children, thero were six, thought her a most wonderful baby, and olaimed her aa their own, Tho boys had taught hor to take c if their oaps with her teeth, ehako hands with her feet, nnd do many other cute fc!iinge. But wuen fine waa four yeara old flha had to work, {or Fiinny was only a horae, after all. Never wag aho driven exoept by one of the family, and whe really aoted aa if she liked to go. Wlion thu buggy wan drawn out alio would give a littlo pleased whinny and step daintily about aa if impatient to be off. And when onoo on the road disliked, of all things, to talio tho dust from anotbor vc.bicla. Tho ohildrc-u were ft oroupy got, and a physician was often oalled, Fanny taeintf tho hor^o to bo ridden every time ; and ho well had fltio learned what was wanting if a saddle wes plaoed hastily upon her back, ahe only waited for a ridor, and without a hint from tho rein, bounded oil in tbo direction of tho dootor'o oflioa; returning, she jogged loiauroly home. It wau ft Bad day for tha family when one morning no Rlftd whinny greeted the one who went to feed her. She had been Btolcn. Two other hornes had boon takon from a neighbor at tho «amn tinao, and bo bemoaned theui aa co muoh money lost. But the joint owners of Fanny grieved na if a friend were dead; to her it might be even worao than dentil. " For how oould the talcer bo other wise than cruel?" they BBlfed. A thorough eofirch was made, but no oluo obtained, and tho horses were given up aa lost. Tho older children strove to bo brave, but the younger ones could not keep baok tlio tears when epealinfl of "poor Fanny," and the mother waa shocked one evening to liear four-year-old Beaeio r.dd to her infant prayer; "And pleafe, God, Bond Fanny back." Hho kiasod the ouild tenderly and whin* paved ; " If we cannot have Fanny we will havo another horro to take her plaoe, my dear." " But it wouldn't be ber, mamma! I want just Fanny," and she laid her face in maratuft'd lap and sobbed, as aha had done many timea oinoa tha loaa. A lew daya later, as the family were at breakfast, Nova, tbo girl, rushed into the room, exclaiming: "]f ye pleee, mum, Fanny'a in tho stable, or else 'tia her ghost, Bui'6 I I wint to find the olo'ee-pina loafc laot night, and aa I wint a-near the barn I hearn a whin-now aa like hern aa two paae, and"-> hut bofore aba had concluded every aeat wae empty oik! all had hurried to the barn. The stable door watf oponed, and forth etepped Fanny to be hugged and kiesed aa never before, She etiU wore her halter, from whioh a broken strap dangled, showing hov/ she had released herself, and, onoe free, her presence in her own stall wro no mystery. An ofilocr waa duly notified, and taking her tracks ha went about live miles along tho beaoh of tho lake, where, in the bluff over hanging a ravine, he found a yort of oavo where tho two other lioreea were still tied. Fanny had broken her halter, opened tha wide door that swung in, pushed her way through I ho bruah piled against it, and hnmcd homo to her own stable* Tho horsea muot have been taken to their hidiug-pltioo by being led along'the wtUor'a edge to ooBceul their iraokg, and their food oonveycd to them by boot. Tho thief waa not caught, more is tha pity. Evidently aooing tho eigne of Fanny's escape he was only too glad tp oecapo himeelf. The owner of the two horses suggested that Fanny ouglitt to have a medal, but upon being Bhown a lump of augar eho uttered a decided ne>gh, and then muoohod her sugar in silence. 