PEARL. '. (WWJC THE ptASOOW WEBELY CtTlZS.) tSaaj years'kgo vessels carried far heavier crewa than at present, for nowadays tiro great aimof owners seems to bo scrimping . every thing to'the lowest possible figure. ;t / tins arises from the greater coinpctir kj' tioaiu trade, decrease of freights, and in- v,\: crease of harbour dues and wages. r At any trite, the old dunder-thumperbrig- tigged vessel Pearl, hailing from the .-/good port of Limerick, and about 300 tons or 80," carried a/crcw of thirteen, including tho j;- cook : and ; two boys— ono doing duty' aft tead-atpward and bottle-washer. She) of course, . carried two mates, and, with the skipper,' - brought up the whole tally to PKslxfeea.hands. 1 ' Tho great, majority wore Irish ; andT can' V-j ,' tell, you that among Irish. 'seamen thoro is no JV Vliartpyraediura-s- tbey arocitlier first-nito or y'.wleM when well out at sea and clear of tho .. ' grog-shop ; and the men on board of 'the 'Pearl brig were as smart a ret of seamen ; i aa you could find on Limerick quayj. lire vessel was cleared out, bound to London kf. in ballast to take in cargo .for the port of '. Genoa. " I don't know whero the old man nulled from, us he had a name I never came across before — it was Jospor Trojan — and this ' ; might have fitted any country. . He was a "' Powerful, thick-sct-looking man, between . tbrty and fifty, with shifty bead-looking 8e cpP back in his head, and was ')' : iir pOly disfigured with small-pox ; alto- U : golher he wasmnything but lovely in appeat- .-.i.J auop or polite in manners. I don't believe Captain Trojan ever washed V'. or oliangedluK linen— if, indeed, he wore any ' at all_ ; ho just rolled out of his bunk. of a \- . morning and bolted his breakfast, and then tumbled tip the companion for a look round. ' Tho Pearl's cabin was just a kind of den v. haoeercw down table amidsltip and lookers pU round — I don't suppose it was . above eight feet squaro bv five lugh. . Tho skipper had a bunker on tho starboard side, and the mate one opposite. I was cabin boy and steward, and slept on tho after transom, or on one of the lockers. ,Thc . second mate and crew all bunked in the forc- \- ; castle. ' Just you fancy a dark hole, with black beams and dingy floor, only lighted by a small booby hatch by day and slush lamp by \- where it was impossible to sew or read i (if anyone wanted to read), and reelring with all tho abominations of the Egyptians ; aiid this was the dining saloon, bed chamber, and retiring _ apartments of thirteen men, who seldom, if ever, washed, and nover changed -a rag except when deluged with u green 'sea ' over the bows. Now, just take a look at the Pearl as she blunders along under all plain sail, royals arid flying jib set — an old set of dingy patched oanvas — bowsprit steered nearly up ohd down, bluff square bows thumping the water and sonding tho spray broad off on each side, and unpointed bulwarks, the green corroded copper up to the bends, and the standing rigging innocent of Stockholm, and not a ratlin or footrope trustworthy a seaman's foot. She had a dingy figurehead, represent- , . . ing a woman with a dub of crimson on each check, with eyes staring out to starboard, gazing intently and keeping, a vacant look out for nothing at all. Of all unromantiu craft, that was most unlikely to have a lasting history iutragedics "and mysteries of the' ocean, the Pearl was the most unlikely looking, as she rolled and pitched along past the west coast of Irelaiid.' Eocent events in London and elsewhere, of butcheries and fiendish deeds apparently without aim or object, have brought back vividly to my mind one of the most ghastly, episodes that ever occurred at sea. Hiirder generally presupposes some motive . . — cither revenge, greed, or sudden mania ; but there is no safeguard against the deliberate, carefully wrought-out plan of the punning, and hitherto unsuspected, calm and deliberate demon, living asitwero two . distinct lives, and seemingly having two Separate beings 'swaying and animating one . person. . . The skipper, us far as my then ' > ; experience tindprbseut recolluctioii servo mo, ' . navigated the ship and gave orders as customary ; . the inen worked at the them- \- sand-uud-ouc odds urid ends alwuys to be foun'd to do aboard a vessel, anil. smoked and lolled- iibont in the lust dog-watch in a commonplace sea faring way. Now, every evening, about eight bells, my . duty was to wash the dishes, clean up the : . galley (u little wooden box on dock mnid- , .... whips) and tidy up : and then I used (being a big lump of a boy of fifteen) to go 'and .smoke .at the windlass forward, . after .trimnuugand lighting the cabiu lamp. It in i lie end of September, and pretty ligln mi deck at six in the morning. . One, night— 1 will never forget it — I Was Ijmg dnsnig on th'. after tranr-oin. when I silddi.hh started up fully awake, fioiue in- dcseribable l;i,n-or ; r i med toonpres- me. I looked uj>: the -feeble uiirilGileil wick of the ntu rly empty bimponly served to make things amino! dim and iim-..it:iiii. 1 suppo o il weohl he' a'nout four bells in . the middle wateli. when J. distinctly heard u . suppiessed groan and gurgling note1 from the mute's think, and could see the indistinct form of ii -mail leaning over it. . Ihen the lamp flickered am! went out, and a grca;; honor fell upon me. 7 knew not whv. I heard ihe skipper tumble inio liis l)unk,unti . n ciinous soniiil likv air eis-spiiig from the w deek ptimp, ami I ruse up ami nrop; deek unci sat ram-priu;- under the oimrler-d.ck bul- \- warkx, trying to iliink. ' Want's tin- matter, . lad r snog out th" :<yomi mole, who had the Wntoli. as liedraggcd rue to the biiuiiieleliimp. «Iou are as white as a ghost, ami all trembling. ' I don't know, sir,' T said ; 'I think I had the nightmare.' Hut go beiow I . would not till full daylight. All una correct, seemingly. The skipper was snoring peace fully ; all else was still ; and at .five bells in the morning watch I set the cups, went lor the galley for fho coffee, and roused the skipper. One of the seamen \- : used to keep the morning watch and have his ooffee :n the cabin after-tho skipper haddone. : The old man roused tint, swallowed bis coffee, . wont on deek,. and told the officer of the watch to go down: . .7 Tn the Kant morning light everything was cdim and uncertain: Ail was quiet for a foiv ' minutes I could- )«r the mun strike flint ..-/.sy and stool, mid then light a sulphur ninteh,- :iv. . nnd,\as it burnt sip dear, and he was lighting Shcadlayovertiiccnrline— li|s"face ' w bine, 'and dead." A. stream of clotle<Tj,lood v. wevyris ovr hist.neck and' breast", over ihw,iil'at and n i lots mrl. Wotehos.dn the denku f ' >F"u pneai omtJnf J. stood aghast: I tliifri ruslied to reach ; the' ladder, alipned ' on tfo blood'-i t uiyd deck, and tore up on deck yond fell fainting against the little skrIMit' ' The s m id offlccr and all hamls' soon wrambl d aft : and body was with great difficulty carried up tlie smaU compailion- . a ; Baton niul luid alt in the wheel yratin- Tlio seeppd mate gripped me conmkivelv l»v the s wrist iind on roirsmg up tiifidl consciousness' I saw the skipper walking up and down the v quarter di i k. lie never looked at. any of its and he ntv m glacced aft at the bt.dv ' After A,, a long tune he stopped, leant over the .-nii"- way, and steadily looked over to windward " s. ' Lou , Captain Jasper Trojan seemed to have no characteristic any more than that lie never swoio; lie was taciturn, hut not morose und I never heard him tell any storv , 1 . or allude to any event of his former life. Pre- , .. sently ho turned round und drawled out h V ' Cut his throat in tho night, ay ! Get some , canvas, Mr. Donovan, and sew it up.' ' , ; . i- The seaman hung buck, while tho captain , .y.. .went below, brought up somo old canvasund PT'm u id needle, and knelt down and ,'v- flelifioratelv sewed uji tho body, dressed as it ; was. and then ordered tho ma'iri topsail to bo . : backed, mid before anyorio could spe k or in- v terfi re, lifted the body up. and throw-it over . .. the Ice gangway iuto tho sea, braced tho maiiijTi u forward, and on the vessel .went, tlio dhigy canvas .with its ghastly freight r.singimd falling on tho waves in our . wat. e till we lost sight of it. The mou n linked fonvard, liorror-strlokon, ana then the old man, without a word, wont . .. oclov, and deliberately turned into his bunk. , . fUfUni short hour the whole ship seemed claimed c„p men conversed in groiipa > ' Oldund/'Miinoa'stermfo ngitaia. . i under their : breath, workwaa stopped, and though tho.- whool was rcllorcd ana watchca changed, sail made and shortened, yet tho veaaol wasliko a coffln to tho imagirihtion. Tho second mate wouldn't go aft' to the spare bank y)nnd,I nover, if I could help it, in the cabin' went far frorii the Iaddor. Two nights' passed away, and the weather was dark and squally; no. at theohange of watches — eight bells of tliosocond dog-watoh — we brindc.il topgallant sails and reofed topsails, stowed tho light sails, and tho watch below turned iri. Tho watoh on deck coworcd under tho dec of tho galloy and long boat, leaving "only flio second mato, man at tho wheel, and look-out mnn forward on tho night-heads. I sneaked down the foro- scuttlo, and coiled myself away among tho mcq, not daring to. go nft. .' Tho wind was blowing in gusts from the S.W., and. Cape Clear light was almost dead astern, and it 'was all hands on deck to shorten sail, and stand by the topsail halliards, ao a heavy squall caught us aback, and tho brig gathered stem way. I thought wo woro gouo. Everything was lot fly, and tho head-yards braced abox, and so she paid off, and wo oloso-reofed, and stood off on thoport took. , The hands went below. At two bolls in tho morning watoh (5 a.m.), it was as dark as pitch, rain arid Moot, whoa tho brig flow right up in tho wind, and when tlio men rushed to the braoes, thero was neither officer of tho watch, helmsman, or second officer to bo seen, search high and low. The cabin lamp was out; the binnacle lamp was tho only light available. "Wo shouted — it was in vain; wo lookod bolow and aloft, and thon waited in terror for . the dawn. Seeing tho skipper seated on the main hatch, I crept below to try and light tho lamp, and atoacued mysolf against the Starboard bunk. Great heavens ! As I stretched .out my hand, I folt 'and' knew instinctively that that bunk was occupied, and my hand fell on the cold upturned face of tho corpse. I staggered up, ran forward, nnd throw mysolf headlong down the fore-scuttle. In incoherent tones, I managed to let the mon know my tale. But still we waited for tho daylight. Tho men went aft and took the wheel, and kept together ; tlioy all had some weapon, mosUy the iron belaying pins from tho topgallant rail forward. Silently sat Captain Trojan, and the only sound whs the woird whistle of the wind throngh tlio rigging, as the brig camo np or rolled to leewards. An hour passed, and then broke tho blessed dawn. A unrk scud flew overhead, with a leaden sky ail round. But oh, for tho blessed light ! With set faces tho mon kept their oyes on tho skipper. Then he roso slowly and camo lift; the men fell back right and loft. A significant look went round, and as tho skipper put his foot on the ladder a rush was mado at him, and he was thrown back on tho deck. A desperatq. stnigglo ensuod. With the strength of a maniac, tho captain hold one man in his powerful grasp and fought and twisted, una nt last roso straight up, still retaining Ills hold, till ho crashed '; against the weather gangway board, a frail piece of timber: and, itS'the brig rolled to windward, the captain, with the doomed seaman in ' his grasp, foil headlong overboard, arid rose no more. With trembling, stops tlio men crowded into the cabip, and there) in tlio captain's bunk, stark and cold and bloody, lay the body of the second. mate,' with his .throat out from ear to ear. . . . There was no traco of astniggle : the detail of that tragedy will cver-reiriaiu. a.mystery. Carefully, tlio body .'was wrapped up and slirouded— only one glance was given to it to be assured ho life remained. . The main topsail was once more baoked, arid without a prayer, though not unmounted, tho corpB smote the water and; Bank. I awoke to, consciousness in tho hospital in Liverpool j but even to this day do I involun tarily. | shiver .when my mmd calls back this mcinory. . ' 7,; 'v x' < I - learnt hfterwards- tliiit the' men', having found anrinker'ofwhiskey, held 'a' saturnalia.' Tho I'earl was pioked up by 11 rovenuo cutter, nnd taken up the -Mersey, with four men missing arid' the strictest official inquiry ncvor yet unravelled the mystery of tho Pearl of Limerick, or whether the skipper was a responsible, person arid a common murderer for some utikiiowu purpose, or a lunatic with a homicidal mama, 