Rev. G. W. Chamberlain's Letter from Sao Paulo, Brazil. You ask me for my recollections of the sermon in which the congregation were told that "St. Josoph got a sinnor into Heaven through his inflvence with the Virgin Mary, etc., and against the will of tim Father." In the year 1870 the said sermon was pub- lished in the Correio Paulistano, then our largest daily, as having been preached by a notable priest of his day in Naples, to the Lazzaroni of that oity. In a letter written at the time (a copy of which I have), I said : One of the most blasphemous pieces of ephemeral literature that I have ever read, appeared in the Correio Paulistano. I called upon the editor of our most popular daily, to protest against the insertion in his columns of such offensive matter. " You forget the majesty of God so far aB to make him figure as a puppet and a tool of the Saints, for San Jose is made to carry the day againt God in behalf of one of his devotees, an Italian brigand, and blas phemously defy God's law." " It is the logical result of the Ohuroh's teaching," was the reply, "and we are not responsible for the blasphemy." I confess I was not then prepared to make the Roman Oatholic Churoh responsible for the.bald blasphemy of one of her priests, but the Bishop of Rio de Janeiro, and the pro fessor of Theology at the Diocesan Seminary of Sao Paulo, shortly after convinced 'me that the editor was right. The image of the beast which had on its " heads names of blasphemy " (Rev. xiii. 1.), and " of a woman eitting on a . scarlet coloured beast, full of names of blaBphemp," (Rev. xvii. 3.), was re flected in the sermon, of which I oan recall in substance the following : — " Do you know how powerful an advocate St. Joseph is?" said the priest to his audience. " You remember a noted brigand who was 'executed for his crimes? Well, he presented himself before St. Peter, who holds the keys of Heaven, who bade him begone to his own place. He went down to hell, bat was told at the entrance that no ' duAotee ' of St. Josoph ever was admitted there. Up again he toiled, but was mot with a stern refusal on the part of St. Peter, who refused to recognise the plea that be had devoutly prayed to St. Joseph. Tho latter Saint, hear ing his name mentioned, drew near and listened to the colloquy which was going on at the door of which St Peter held the keys. He advocated the cause of hiB client until the contention grew so hot that appeal was taken to the Highest. St. Peter's decision _ was maintained by the Almighty. . St. Joseph indignantly . prepared to leave the celestial court. He called upon hie wife — the Virgin Mary — to accompany him. She obeyed like a dutiful spouse. But she was told to use her authority with her Sou, as the Mother of God, to see that he too went with them. He was subject to his parents. But St. Joseph beoame more exigent. ' We are not going alone,' said he, ' let him command - the saints to follow.' AH prepared to obey these be hests, r when the Eternal Father, finding that he. was about to be left alone with St. Peter, reversed the order, and the devotee of St. Joseph was admitted to the celestial court, and peace and order were restored in heaven." This from the sermon of the Italian Priest in Naples. , As I said, I was loath to believe that any such ' utterances would be tolerated in any pulpit of the Roman Catholic Church, and was disposed to attribute the sermon to some carioaturist who wished to draw out in a bald way some of the conclusions from premises in which Romish theology is fruitful. But the Bishop of Rio de Janeiro returning in the following year (1871), from the Vatioan Council, made haste to convoke the priests of his diocese in the Seminary of St. Joseph, and there felicitated his auditors on the fact that by the decree of that council, St. Joseph had been made universal patron of the church. For the eame reasons, said the bishop, we conclude that St. Joseph haB great power in the presence of God. We may resume iu two words : Having real rights as legitimate spouse over the Qaeen of Heaven, who is the channel of heavenly graces and favars, St. Joseph is an omnipotent protector. In the second place, having real rights as the putative father of Jesus Christ,— the Son of Mary, bis wife, and of God the Father, — St. Joseph is not only an omnipotent pro tector, but holds omnipotence himself at his orders. Shudder not, oh reader, as though I had re produced Borne horrible caricature of an enemy of the faith. No these are the words of the Christian (?) Bishop of the Diocese of Rio de Janeiro, fresh from sessions of the Vatican Council, proffered to an illustrious assembly of priests and theological students congregated in the Seminario Episcopal de San Jose, in the heart of the largest city of South America. We have not raked the dust of the middle ages for relics of what Rome was, but quote from the official organ of the Bishopric, 0 Apostolo, an authorised report of His Excellency's sermon.' ' ' Hear him a little further : — " Therefore the Ohurch took a well advised step when in these evil times, and by request of the faithful, she proclaimed St. Joseph Universal Patron of the Catholic Ohurch." What can the Chnrch fear, having by the -throne of God such a protector? Let the tempest of persecution be unchained ! Let the thunders of error rattle 1 Let the lightn ings of blasphemy flash 1 Let the sea of im piety roar furiously and roll its revolutionary waves agrinst the Throne of St. Peter! Let the muddy and poisonous waters of Italian hypooricy undoqinine Rome! "At one nod of St. Joseph, the Omnipotent lifts his arm, the tempest ib dissipated, the San of ; truth, and justice reappears before the eyes of trembling humanity, and evil is hurled; into the depths of the abyss." Thus, far the : Bishop, Dom Podro de Lacerdo, who. still governs the important Diocese of Rio de Janeiro. Now hear the Professor of Theology, the French priest at that time in charge of the youth preparing for " orders " in the Diocese of this lmperial Oity of Sao Paulo. He is at the bedside ol a dying Senator of the Empire, to give " ghostly counsel " to his immortal soul about to appear in the presence of bis Maker. If ever a man should speak the truth from his heart, it is now. If ever the core of one's theology is patent, it should be in Buoh circumstances. Listen then ! , , "Senhor Barao, pega-se com San Jose " Sir Barou ! lay hold of St. Joseph. " What more ?" do you ask, as I did of .the oldest daughter of the old Baron of Antonina, when abe was narrating to me the interview- between the dying Senator of the State, and this authorised representative of the Religion of the State. " What more ?" " Nothing more," sh9 said sadly, " he only repeated it, 'take hold of St. Joseph.'" And your father, I could not refrain from saying, your father, what did he say ? "He said : ' Much obliged, my friend,' and turned his face to the wall." Ah I I replied, I think be had ob tained a better hold, a hold on something far better, for ho said to mo at our last conversa tion, when for two hours I explained to him. the goBpel, "I wish my faith reduced to this; the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost." The aged man, who thus passed away, had lived 92 years in the bosom of the " Holy Mother Cnurch," and as he told me, a. few- weeks before his death, he had never owned a Bible. This " Holy Mother " is careful to keep from her children the pnre milk, of tha word, lest they grow thereby, and as for, the meat, they cannot bear it, for they arenot able. Evi-n down to old age and the borders of the tomb, she gives them for the bread, of life, a atone— instead of Jesus, Joseph. H Do not blame the Italian priest, the French Theological Professor, nor the Brazilian Bia- hop ; they gave the best they had, the best the mother churoh gives them. On 1 yo who have freely received better things, freely give. G. W. Chamberlain.; 