FICTION From RagUah, American, und other Pe rio di call. HAZEL'S VICTORY. CHAPTER XLIV. "AT LAST I MAT CONFESS IT !" "Mamma," said Helena, turning suddenly to Mrs. Stewart, as the voice3 of their departing guests died away in the distance, " it is too lovely to go in j let us have a quiet stroll down to the boat landing." " But it is very late ; we ought to go directly to bed," objected Mrs. Stewart. "Please, mamma-just for one last glimpse of the sea," Helena persisted. " Very well, I will go with you," her mother re- turned, yielding reluctantly ; " but Belle must not go. Child, run up stairs and go to your rest at once." Belle had no inclination to accompany them, and went obediently to her room, while her mother and sister descended the verandah steps. They strolled slowly down toward the water, those two beautiful, stately women, one in the first flush of life, the other in its rich maturity. H ebria chattered pleasantly about the evening and the success of their reception, of their antici- pated return to London, and their plans for the coming winter. She had not seemed so cheerful and agreeable for some time, and Mrs. Stewart flattered herself that the experiences of the de- lightful evening had effectually diseipated the gloom which had hung over her of late. When they reached the water they walked out upon the pier, Helena going to the very end of it. " How beautiful the water is to-night !" Helena observed, looking down upon its glassy surface. " I can see every object reflected almost as plainly as in broad daylight. How clear the sky is, too almost like another sheet of silver." She stood looking up into its depths for a moment ; theu she asked : "Do you suppose heaven is really beyond the sky ? Or where is it ?" "Why, Helena, what has set you to talking about that?" exclaimed Mrs. Stewart, in surprise. " It must have been Hazel quoting Scripture," she added. "I am sure I have no idea where heaven is 5 it has always seemed a very vague place to me." " But you believe there is such a place, don't you?" " Of course ; I suppose everybody believes that." Mrs. Stewart assented briefly, but not relishing the subject over much. " And you expect to go there some time ?" "I-hope so," was the not too confident reply, while the elderly lady glanced nervously at her daughter. "Then it ought not to seem vague, unreal to you ; one ought to have some definite idea of a place one expects to spend eternity in. Why haven't you taught us more about such things, mamma ?" "Why, Helena, we have almost always attended service on Sunday, and I sent you and Belle to Sabbath-school when you were little, and gave you both Bibles to read. The Bible tells us all there is to be learned about heaven." " I wish you had studied the Bible more with us ; it is very blind and hard to be understood unless it is explained. Do you ever feel afraid to die, mamma ?" "Mercy! Helena, what has come over you so suddenly ?" cried Mrs. Stewart, shivering, and re- garding her with startled eyes. " I suppose good people need not be afraid," the girl went on, absently ; " but what becomes of those who are not good ? Do you suppose there is really another place for them, where they always have to be miserable ? I wish I knew. Mamma, you ought to have made us study more about these thing's. It is not right to let young people grow up and not know anything about what the future holds. I used to long to do right and be good once-5 but, somehow, we've lived in such a hurry and whirl of late that I haven't had time to think about it, and so the evil in me has grown as the weeds grow. But I have heard somebody say that people never remember the evil in those who die ; they forget it, and speak only good of them." " Helena, you shall not talk so ! Come back home and go to bed, and get over these morbid feelings," said Mrs. Stewart, really alarmed at the frame of mind her daughter was in, and feeling guiltily con- scious of her neglect of duty in not directing the minds of her children more toward a preparation for the future. " Presently," Helena replied. " How very bright the moon is !" she added, turning her back upon the water and looking up at that glowing disk. " I believe, though, there is a circle around it, and we shall have a storm soon. Isn't that a star near the rim?" she continued, stopping back as if for a better look, and pointing toward it. "Yes, and there is another ; that is a sign that it will rain in two days-a star for a day. I wonder if- Oh, how beautiful the world is, after all !" with a re- gretful, shuddering sigh and another backward step. " Take care, Helena ! Oh-" The frightened, warning cry rang out too late, and ended in a piercing shriek of agony, as the girl made one step too far and fell backward, without a sound or cry, into the shimmering waters, which opened to receive the white-robed figure and then quietly closed over it, as if eager to devour its beautiful prey. Mrs. Stewart was like one frantic. Shriek after shriek rang out upon the air, as she rushed to the spot where her daughter had sunk ; but the water was very deep just there at the end of the pier, and she could seo no trace of her. But for a few bubbles and circles, spreading out and ever widening, it was as still and beautiful as before it had swallowed her from her sight. The servants were all busy iu the basement at the house, and the clatter of dishes, mingled with the clatter of their voices, drowned the woman's cries, and it seemed as if no one would ever come to her aid. Belle had fallen asleep almost as soon a I her head touched the pillow, and she was therefore unconscious of the terrible tragedy that was being enacted so near her. But help was near notwithstanding, for at the . sound of that first shriek, the tall form of a man darted out from the shadow of the trees, upon the farther side of the grounds, and flew with lightning speed toward the boat landing, where Mrs. Stewart was now kneeling, gazing down into the dark, cruel waters, waving and ringing her hands in almost frenzied agony. She heard the sound of his flying steps at last, and turned eagerly, to find Chester Osborn, rant- ing and white as a ghost himself, almost at her side. "Oh, save her! save her!" she sobbed, hysterically. " Whom?" he demanded, sternly, in a quavering voice. " Helena ! She made a misstep, and fell just here. " Oh, Heaven !" he breathed between his shut teeth, as he flung off his coat and dashed off his shoes. At the same moment he saw something white flash upward into the light, at some distance from the pier, for a moment, then slowly fade from sight again. The next instant he had sprung into the sea and was swimming toward it, but when he reached the spot where he had seen it he could find nothing. " Oh, Heaven ! he cried again, " let me save her !" and as the agonized petition arose, a marble white face and hand appeared beyond his reach. He darted forward, and in another minute had gathered that senseless form in his arms, and then slowly made his way back toward the pier. It was no easy task, but his burden was at last deposited upon the landing, and then he leaped from the water, seeking for some signs of life in the limp body. " Oh ! is she dead ?" cried Mrs. Stewart, in an agonized tone, as she sank down beside the beauti- ful, inanimate form, and gazed upon those waxen features. There was no heart-throb ; there was no pulse, and their hearts were filled with despair. As she lay there in hei white garments, with her fair face upturned to the sky, her yellow hair float- ing like a net-work of gold around her, and bathed in the soft radiance of the moonlight, Chester Osborn thought herthemostbeautif ul object his eyes had ever rested upon, even though her rigid loveli- ness drove him nearly to the depths of despair. Mrs. Stewart was naturally a woman of nerve and Belf-possession, and after the first burst of fear and horror was past, she braced herself for work. \- She wrenched off the filigree band around Helena's neck and cast it from her, unmindful of the costly stones that gleamed from every white point. She tore open her dripping dress, but started back with a frightened cry, as a thousand other lights flashed up at her from the white, beautiful neck beneath. She recognized it in an instant-her own missing necklace ! and she understood at once all the sto *y of wrong and guilt in which her idolized daughter had been the chief actor. In a moment she had it off, and had thrust it within her own bosom. " Never speak of this to any human being !" she said, in a hard, stern voice, to her companion. " No, no !" he breathed. " I am as anxious as you can be to shield her from every breath of reproach-my beautiful darling !" Mrs. Stewart shot a quick, earnest glance at him, and then tarnpd again to the task before her. .' We must work-worfc !" she ciied. " Can you carry her to the house ?"' "I must, if she is to be saved," he answered, resolutely. And lifting Helena's lifeless form, he strode over the ground toward the house, and never stopped until he had laid hor upon the verandah. A servant was at once dispatched for Doctor Morton ; then blankets were brought, hot water was applied, and everything done that could be thought of until Percy should arrive. But no trace of life was visible when he reached Crescent Villa, and he knew at once that there was no hope. The beautiful girl was past all earthly aid or skill. "She is gone," he said, when he had made a careful examination to satisfy the agonized mother. '. She must bave died almost instantly, for life has been extinct for some time." "Take her up stairs to her own room," com- manded Mrs. Stewart, pale and calm now, but with the calmness of despair, and she turned to lead the way. Many bands were stretched forth ready to do her bidding, but Chester Osborn strode forward, his face set as in a marble mould. " Stand back !" he ordered, in a stern, authori- tative voice, and every one fell away, regarding him with wondering eyes. Again he lifted that lifetess form, and bore it unaided upstairs to the pretty chamber, from which she had come forth so radiant only a few hours previous, and laid her upon her bed, as Mrs. Stewart directed. He placed her in an easy, natural attitude, straightened the graceful form, folded the white, jewelled hands over the pulseless breast, and smoothed the tangled hair back from the blue veined brow. Then he staggered to the door, locked it, and going back to the bedside, hung swaying over the dead girl, despair written on very feature of his white face. " Mr. Osborn," said Mrs, Stewart, regarding him with unfeigned astonishment, in spite of her own grief, "are you not forgetting yourself ? We must have no locked doors here now, you know." He turned upon her almost fiercely. "I forget everything, at this moment, but that I loved her-everything but that she belongs to me, and I will have her this one hour to myself !" he said, in a voice which she never would have recog- nized as belonging to him. " Belongs to you ! I do not understand you !" the stricken mother returned, unable to grasp his meaning. "Yes, tome alone, in the face of the whole world -at laBt I may confess it- Helena Stewart was my legally wedded wife !" (To he continued.} 