GABBENIN© OPEBATIONS FOR JANUARY. KITCHEN GUeden, - Sow cabbage, kale, savoy, cauliflower, and celery in shady, sheltered positions, -watering them regularly, Trim edgings.of herbs, such as thyme, mar joram, etc. Where water is handy BOW a few radishes and mustard and cress. Supply -liquid manure and water t.o cucumbers, melons, marrows, and pumpkins. Roughly dig up vacant ground, and trench new land. FLOWER GARDEN. - Attend to watering newly-planted shrubs and trees, and flowering plants, iii^borders.Bud roses.. Layer Carna tions. - Take up bulbs as they become ripe, and collect seeds. Trim hedges and edgings, and keep the grounds generally in order by removing weeds', stalks of dead flowers, etc. Put in cuttings of chrysanthemums, for pot culture. Attend to -watering,. shading, and syringing of pot-grown plants. During this and the following summer months particular care must be shown to all pot-grown plants, whether they stand in the open air or under glasf, watering thein -ireely and syringing them all over evety Wight.'- Soft-wooded, strong-growing sorts should receive Oc casional dose OF liquid manure. Shading them must not be omitted, nor most it be forgotten to admit air freely to glass houses, except during hot winds, when they are best kept close, keeping the floor damp. Cycla mens and other tubers may be.,repotted during January and February, and started iuto fresli growth. FRUIT GARDEN.-Bud peaches, almonds, apricots, and other stone fruit. Collect fruit as it ripens. Attend to summer pruning or fruit trees and vines, and" to the watering of young, recently.-planted, trees. NEW YEAR's DAY.-? To-morrow picnics will be held at Tarlee, Greenock, and Angas ton, and at Truro there will be horse races. In Kapunda public amusement will be con fined to a cricket match between the local team and a team from the Burra, and the variety fair in the Wesleyan Lecture Hall. The fair will be opened this afternoon,. alld will remain open until to-morrow night. PROFESSOR Wtman.-As will be seen from an advertisement in another column Pro fessor F. A. Wyman (of Kent York) who is heralded by a brilliant reputation as a skatorial artist, and styled as the world's champion exhibitionist on wheels of various kinds, is of much renown in England, America, and the colonies, -will open, for a short season, his entertainment in the Kapunda Skating Bisk on Thursday, January 9th. His skill on the skates is said to be wonderful, and if the press opinions from the various cities in which he has per formed can be taken as a criterion, the public of Kapunda will have the chance of witnessing some trick and fancy skating of a nature super ior to anything before exhibited in the town. Professor Wyman's ability is not confined to skates, but his dexterity ou bicycle -wheels is alone worth seeing. As an equilibrist he is positively a wonder, for the wny he Keeps his balance under the most difficult circumstances is surprising. By the Adelaide dailies the professor is spoken of in glowing terms. THE SEAL or CONFESSION.-It is eighteen hundred years and more since Christians be gan to go to confession, and it is yet unknown that one single violation of the seal should have been proved. Fear not then to disclose your sins in confession, for qb St. Ambrose says : "Nothing is better concealed than what we disclose ill confession." At the time of the Gunpowder Plot Father Garnet of the Society of Jesus was hanged because be re fused to disclose the confession of one of the conspirators.. Father Houlbert having lost the use of his reason, some young man en deavoured to make him say what he heard in confession. Whereupon he became furious. " "Wretched man," said he " go. away from me; you know well enough I cannot speak of this." And it is a fact that even were the priest to lose the use of his reason thero is no danger of his breaking the seal of confession. Indeed the inviolability of this seal seems to me a perpetual miracle,-wliichcan be accounted for only by the special assistance of the Holy Ghost. Let the enemies of the Church say what they please, they will never destroy the evidence of this wonderful fact. Tbey may recount the scandals of many -wicked priests, but they have never been able to show that one of them in one single instance has been permitted to violate the secrecy of confession, and this is another oroof to me that a Catholic may trust his confessor is truly his soul's friend andfaithfulconfidant.-Southern Cross. Joseph Faulkner, an agricultural laborer at. Nantwiob, -was going home accross Mr. Dut ton's fields, when a bull, which he was accus tomed to feed, rushed at him. The man flung his coat over the beast's head and bolted to wards a hedge 50 yards distant. The bull speedily caught him and knocked him over, the man feigned to be dead; and the brute man gled him-in a horrible' manner, rolling him over and over, butting hiin, tearing his clothes to ribbons, and finally tossing him right over the fence. The poor fellow was in- a fearful condition-torn, bleeding and brused until there was scarcely a siug'e sound spot oh the whole body. TO THE DEAF. The description of a simple remedy, by which a person has just been completely cured of deafness and noises in the head of 40 years' standing, can be had free of charge on application verbally or by letter to NICHOLSON, 175, William-street, Melbourne. 40-2 " Buchu-pahu."-Quick, complete cure all annoying Kidney, Bladder, and CVinary Diseases. At ohemists and druggists. F. H Faulding & Co., Agents, Adelaide 