I A Vacant Seat. the Author of " Atheretone Grange CHAPTER III. (Continued from- our loot.) The Earl of Eritnblecombe was se cretly very much pleased' with the alliance hiB. second Bon was about to form. He would have preferred a title—someone, as he f»ld 'himself, who moved in thea&me; aociety, and whose name was known. He was hardly aware , of the fortune that would come with the pretty girl whom his son brought to Estermere and presented to him as his future wife. He knew the banker by repute— most men of his standing did—but he had never met him, and was agree ably surprised to find a courteous gentleman, instead of a mere man of business, in his son'a future father-in law. To Cecile herself he was fatherly and kind, taking her in his arms and kissing her blushing face, while he greeted her with kindly words as well. Estermere sent me a glowing ac count of you from Vienna, he said. I was afraid'! be 'was romancing a dittle^-not :tbat he is given that way j .but he has; not .said half 'enough. ,You are welcome, my dear. She bewitches everybody she comes across, Hugh said delightedly. I never heard the pater so enthusi astic over anyone in my life before. When ^ou have quite done with her, sir, I will take her to my mother. Cecile felt verv much as if she were in a dream' as she was escorted along splendid corridors aud through all sorts of sumptuous apartments to the pretty room where fcne invalid Coun tess was obliged1 to spend most of bor time. Her father's wealth would lave enabled him to live in a place quite as handsome as Ester mere Grange, but, his ;riches could not buy the priceless relics of the Brimble combe ancestry, nor the evidences of long descent which met her eyes everywhere. : The -very ivy-coloured walls of the. old place,, part of which dated back to the old Crusading days, when every castle was a fortress, and every noble a little king in his own domains, and which had passed through the varying fortunes of many civil wars to come back a gain to the old race whose founder had upheld King Richard's cause in Engaud while that monarch wats fighting under the walls of Jerusalem. There had .always been a Briinble combe of Eeterinfere, though more thau once the head of the house had been an exile and a fugitive, aud Hugh promised Cecilea rich treat in showing her all the relics and portraits of his ancestors. He took a keen interest in the history of his family, differing from bis brother in j that respect. Lord Estermere was apt to speak of the G-range as " a mouldy old hole," and to scoff ir reverently at the family portraits in the long gallery. He had not had his mother's gentle, teaching as his younger brother had, and had lived away from his home very much as a child and a lad. The Countess had well nigh lost her life at his birth, and had to yield up to strangers the management of her baby. When she recovered, her husband had been ap Eoiuted to a distinguished function a road, and it was necessary that she should go with him aud help him to keep up his state, ' •She returned to Estermere for the birth of her. second baby, aud as she delightedly said "had her own way with him." Hugh grew up with a love for his hoihe and a reverence for bis mother that nothing could efface, aud it was with a feeling of deep sad ness that his .mother heard of his in tended marriage. He would never be quite the same to' her after this—s he had seen it often—it would be the verification of the old saying " Tour sou is your sou till hp gets him a wife, ■ Sc.," nd her pleasant confidences with Hugh would be at an end for ever j ■ She > ardly knew w uat she expeotod-1 —the idea conveyed iu the descrip? j tiou, a banker s daughter, was of a4, — /' somewhat load overdressed young person, who had been educated in the racehorse sort o£ fashion of the present day; a system which" the gentle lady cordially disapproved. There was no necessity for gentle women to be as learned as college professors, she Baid, and she hoped that Hugh's future wife was not one of the over-educated girls whose pre sence was always distasteful to her, She was pleasantly disappointed. Her son brought her a sweet gentle girl, a lady every inch of her, though Bhe had no ancestors, and could not trace her family on either side farther back than the Hanoverian accession. Her voice was low and sweet—and •Lady Brimblecombe was a great be liever in voices—and her hands, which were another great point with her ladyship, were as shapely and soft as if the .blood of all the Howards flow ed in her veins. I could not come to you, my dear, she said, kindly, as Hugh led Cecile to her side. Every body has to be brought to me. Come nearer, and let me look at the wife my boy has chosen. Cefeile felt as if she had found a mother in this gentle lady, who talked to her and caressed her with evident delight at having such a daughter in prospect, and before she had known her tnany hours she was quite at home at Estermere. Lady Brimblecombe was as satisfied as her husband, and the girl's stay with her was a time of unmixed pleasure to both of them. While the Earl and the banker dis cussed settleinents and money mat ters, and took counsel with Hugh 1 about the future home of the young couple, Cecile and the Countess were learning to know each other, and the bride-elect was gathering a store of! information about her new relations 1 that were to be, and learning much that was necessary for her to know. The Countess was never tired of. talking about her sons—Hugh especi ally. She spoke of Lord Estermere with a certain ring, of trouble in her voice that Cecile could not bat notice. She thought of what Hugh had said about his brother, and wondered whether it was the old bygone wild nesB that troubled his mother. Harold and Bugh tyere always so different, the Countess said one day when they were looking over sorro albums in which the brothers figured in all sorts of attitudes and styles of photography. My boy—she always called her younger son my boy—has such a bright, winning face. Poor Estermere is apt to look rather stern. He did not look stern when I saw him, Cecile said, remembering how polite to her the young man had tried to be. He was very pleasant. j I am glad to hear it. I hope tkiiljra5? are better with him than they were. j"l Lady Brimblecombe sighed spoke, and Cecile turned ths of the album iu silence, what the trouble was. I mere had been very polite bad given her the idea grave young tnau who woi . displeased. If he had^^^Hkpn Hugh's brother she thougjjg^^^PMild have disliked him. . an ex tfi e said ; I^qfyiinto Lady Es Ca8*j3|tq saw the portrait of a 'Cecile's own age— Stiful, with lustrous soft hair lying in on her forehead. It ell exactly where the ^face lay; it was more in lan in actual regularity She was well dressed, "high-born and refined, your pardon, Cecile said, in Lady Briinbiecombe's look, had not spoken. Should I juched this ? , It fell into hm; . p> idea it was there, my dear, !r lady replied. It is a picture iad memories for us all. Poor fpoor child i Siie was a lovely girl: Was ? Yes, she is dead; and the Countess took the photograph from Cecile's hand and put it in the drawer of a cabinet close to where she sat, locking it securely when she had done so. Some day you Bhall hear all about her, she said. She died when her life was just beginning, in all her bright beauty. The ways of Provi dence are wonderful, and not always to be understood. Was she a relation of yours? Cecile hazarded. She was very curi ous concerning this beautiful girl. We hoped she would have been Ester mere's wife, the Countess re plied, and Cecile asked no more ques tions. , ■ She learned all there was to tell from Hugh, to whom she told the story of the portrait and his mother's agitation at the sight of it. ! Ah! it is a queer story •, he said, and I suppose no one but Estermere ! could give the right version of it. I But who was the lady, Hugh? I She was lady Alice Cataret, Lord [ Mouutinerlin's daughter; she was an 1 orphan, and fairly rich. The match was in every way a good and satisfac tory one, but it came to an ultimely | end—no one quite knew how—and I Lady Alice died. [ Hied of that—of the sorrow and j the disappointment ? I think so ; i believe bo, said Hugh, [ lowering his voice. She was a sweet girl, and it killed her ; at least some thing connected with it did—we never kuew what. Oh, do tell me all about it! ex claimed Cecile, burning with curiosity. I don't kuovv that there is a great deal to tell, Hugh said. We had known Lady Alice from a child—and ! one winter—three years ago this Christmas that is coiuiug— Estermere came home after a more plentiful strewing of wild oats than usual, and the governor was very aogry with him and threatened all sorts of things, for he was really going the pace too fast, and making things disagreeable at home by his recklessness. 1 don't quite know how it came about, but Lady Alice somehow managed to avert the pater's wrath, and Ester mere was forgiven ami helped once more. 'The upshot of it all was that he vowed he would turn over a new leaf, and he fell violently in love with Alice. She was Alice with all of us— she seemed like one of the family al most—we all loved her very dearly. i can quite understand that, Uecili said, i kuow i should have loved too. 1 am sure you would, Hv on. No one could help .it. Jhsterinpre ever*.J to. itert;.|;hoi^.'^^0!l^pier t.hht- he She secret tor graht iu the late ear—my father jfis term ere had of the time, w that his re aud he told barest wish of his iu Lady Alice for hiB ;oing over to the Oouti and when 1 come back :o her. She understands s, I think; but I will understanding with her ahali have her daughter, aud I shall be the happiest nijiu in the three kingdoms. it, and Alice looked radiant for two days, and then an le change caine over her. er could get about better she went to see her, and quite prostrate from head . almost unable to speak! iron was quite alarmed a but could not account in >r the attack. There bad that she knew of to ud she could not get her Lke doctor they called in bave had some shock, ls there to give her one ? say was that she must directly be came -back— that sbe would explain she ? If sine did "we never knew. He came back; looking; jveryhaggattd «nd worn. f lie bad.^d a wretched cold all the time he had been away, he said. I told him "of Alice's, illness, and how she had asked for him ; and his reply was ah outburst of curses, more like the uttering of a Wad man than a person' in' his', right senses. Who or what he was Carding," whether it was hilnselfj or jftice', or soine third person, 1 could not undefsthhd, ahd I left him. 1 could see'that something was terribly wrong, and I hoped that time would set it straight, hut it did not. Did Lady Alice never explain? Never. Nor your brother ? Not a word. He went to see her, and stayed there for some hours. Then he came back and went straight to my father. He did not say much to him, I believe, except that he hop ed he should never hear the name of Lady Alice Cateret as long as he lived. They had not quarrelled, and she was not in any way to blame, but they should never marry j,and be was going away, an<j did not care if we uevsr saw or heard of hi*p again. Poor fellow. 'Had she jilted him ? No, that she 'had not. My father went to her as soon as Estermere had told his story an|d talkedtober,, She was quite calm npd self .possessed, but looked, he £old us afterwards, lijke a persoii sttic'kdn1 fordeath. ' phe had uothing to sky. The blbmewas'hers. She could never marry Lord.Ester meret and she deblined to give any explanation' of her bohdtict! I'believe the Earl said some harsh things to her in the idea that she had thrown Ester mere over, for reasons of her own. And he was angry naturally at all the good of the last year being undone by a girl's caprice. But she looked in hiB tace with those speaking eyes of hers, and told him that she loved his son with all ber heart and soul, and should never love anyone else as long as she lived. And that will not be long, she said. My life was bound up in his; and they are wrenched a part now. 1 shall not live long. Poor girl! And she did not. She faded away and" died on Christmas Eve -two years ago. It made a sad Christmas for us; we have not got over it yet. My mother cannot bear anyone to talk to her of a merry Christmas. , We were all so sad then- Esterusere was a «_•'vvo uone us kiiew where ; ho ■it gone back tp ^bis wild ways, thiugs, .between them we couldIt was h bittfe'r' good bm^^^^^^awhile we were afraid mmp made a way w,ith £imsel||nS^|g^ay Alice died a, letter letting us it now be was^E^H||w^)08tmark was London, bu|W>|^^^elieve he was in England. it had been When did be^P^^|ack ? asked Cebile, interestea'rapwia measure in this Btrange tale of unhappy love. To Alice's funeral. He came a niongst us like a ghost, so pale and diB trait that I was afraid his brain had turned ; he was like a madmaa wheii it was all over, but from that time he has been an altered man., He has lived the atraightest of lives, And allowed his marriage to be arranged for him as the heiii of an old same should do. | Oh! don't you think he lores the lady ? asked Cecile, with a dismayed look; and Hugh laughed. Quite as sheloves him, he replied. It Mw suitable mar* riage in they will be a 