SIR WILLIAM MACLEA.Y. . ? A WORTHY KNIGHT. We ilearn by cablegram that '.the Queen has con ferred the rank of Knight Bachelor on the Hon. William Macleay, M.L.C. To Irishmen and Catholics this elevation of Mr Macleay cannot fail to give deep satisfaction. This gentleman throughout his long .career has always been oh the ei,de of liberality, and it is to be ever remembered to his credit, that he stood out con spicuously for his courage and manliness at the time the ' Kiatna ;G host ?' scare -w as created after the shooting of the Duke df Edinburgh in Sydney. It was'a critical time for the Irish citizens and Catho' lies generally, for their character was assailed and their rights and liberties imperilled. William Macleay it was who, with the late William Forster and Sir John Robertson, led the Opposition to the passing of the Treason Felony .Act, and it was he .who personally burst up the anti-Irish conspiracy in ?Parliament; by -reading to the House the his toric confession of the poor cracked-brained O'Farrell. It will be remembered that just before O'Farrell' s execution he wrote a .confession in duplicate, one copy pavs ing into the hands of the Colonial Secretary (Sir Henry Parkes), the other being retained by the chaplain, the late Dean Dwyer. When the con fession was referred to in the House, the Colonial Secretary declared that it contained information which it was not safe to reveal, insinuating thereby that O'Farroll had revealed a plot in which several prominent Irishmen were in criminated. 'William Macleay challenged Sir Henry Parke3 to read the confession, but he re° - fused to do so, and then Mr. Macleay, to the con Bternation of the Kiarna Ghost conspirators, took Dean Dwyor'a copy from his pocket and read it to the House,. Another instance of Mr. Macleay's liberality was his sympathetic letter, enclosing a handsome donation, addressed to the late Arch bishop Vaughan when that lamented prelate com menced his Christian education cruaade. Sir William Macleay has been one of the best type of colonists. Born at Caithness, Scotland, on June 13, 1820, he in 1839 came to the colony, where his uncle, the Hon. Alex. Macleay, had been, performing the duties of Colonial Secretary before' the present Constitution Act was passed. The 'first 15 years of Mr. Macleay'8 colonial life werespent in squatting pursuits on the Murrutn bidgee. In 1854 he was elected a member of the Legislative Council for the Laohlan and Lower Darling, and afterwards for the Murrurnbidgee, . being for over 20 y«.ars continuously a member oi the Legislative Assembly until he resigned his seat; -Mr. Macleav never accepted office in the Ministry;, his real taste lying in other directions, i No one could Buspect of the gentleman who now evinces such a strong attachment to natural his tory inquiries that in his more robust days he was able almost Bingle-handed to put to rout the re doubtable bushranging gang — Ben Hall, Gil bert and others. In 1863 this gang eser ciaed a reign of terror in the district about (Jouiburn and those who were 'bailed up' by them ofiered no resietance, the fear of the bushrangers being Btrong in their hearts. Mr. Macleay had gone to his electorate with Sir James (then Mr.) Martin, and was returning alone, Or with only a lad accompanying him. When near Goulburn the bushrangers were met with, and they tried to stop the legiolator, but instead of quietly submitting to any terms that might be offered he showed fight, and several shots were exchanged, the bushrangers finally taking to flight. For this a gold medal, which was struck by Sir Charles Cowper for those who resisted the bushrangers, was presented to Mr* Macleay. His pluclry fight with the lawless band had an excellent effect upon the community, who had been almost panic-stricken. In 1874 Mr. William Macleay fitted out at his own expense the barque Cheverb and, accompanied by Captain Onflow, conducted an expedition to New Guinea, bringing baek mtich valuable informa tion and many new specimens^ He was president of the Entomological Society, now no more, and was the first president of the Linnean Society. Of this society he may well be said to be the origi nator, and since then its life. A building was erected by him for the society in Billjard-avenue and presented to therm In this building is a very fine .library for the use of the members, which is the most complete on natural science south oi the Equator^ Mr.' Macleay was the possessor of a museum of .natural history unrivalled in Austra lia, and this he handed over at the beginning of the' year to the Sydney University with an endow ment of .£6000 for the curator of the museum. It will be in connection with his scientific pursuits that Mr. Macleay will be best known in the future, and this crowning act of his long, exem plary, and useful life will hand down his name with honour to the generations to oome. Sir William Macleay ie now a fine old gentleman of . 09. Like most men of true ability, and of studi ous habits, which of late years he has specially cultivated, he is extremely unassuming in his manner, and though he has been for Borne time in the Legislative Council, it iB amongst his books that he. best loves to be found, and in original researches into natural history that he more thoroughly excels. 