TEE MYSTERY IN BERKLEY SQUARE.. "CASSEI.L'S SATURDAY JOOWAL" To this day it remains a mystery, and it will probably ever remain eo. There is no question of delusion; 110 one could or can deny it. The facts are facts, plain aud unvarnished; and as they were told to the writer by a friend-if he were not u relative of tho parties-they shall be 1 repeated. As there is no use in alarming people, 1 we shall not mention the number of the house, j It is, however, on the wc3t side of Berkley j Square, London,W.; and we reptat that tiie tale is absolutely true. The liouse, which we visited was at that time apparently untenanted. It was certainly in a bad state of repair, aud as certainly not to be let. No tenant was desirous to inhabit it; for, though a caretaker and his wife lived in the basement, they could not enter the haunted room; and the mansion bad re mained and empty and desolate in the whirl of Mayfair. These were the conditions when a family from the country came, and, despite the exterior ap pearance of the house, were certainly pleased with its interior arrangements. The house suited all parties, and it was painted and reno vated sufficiently to satisfy the tenants for the season. The tradespeople were all on the tiptoe of expectation, for 110 one had ever lived in the the liouse for four consecutive weeks. Rent had been surrendered, and a hurried departure had again caused the advent of the caretakers. "It was their doing," was the whispered comment. : 'These people say the house is haunted, and so they have house room." But they never dissuaded a tenant. Many tenants came and went; 6onnds_ were heard, and something uncanny wfis in possession, for no one rc» mained* _ Tiie family who came into temporary posses sion of the mansion had no idea of its history, and it is at this period-in the year 1871-that the writer's acquaintance^ with the house began. The new tenants took possession, and were handed over all tho keys. There were occupants for all the bedrooms, aud one upper apartment was allotted to the housemaid. It was a uicely furnished room at the back of the house ; small but except for a peculiar atmos pliero, very comfortable. " No cue had hitherto slept in that room," they said, "and it was rather dainp." So a fire was lighted, aud the bed made ready for it3 new occupant. The girl oame in in good time, and went upstairs to bed. Everything was in readiness lor her,and the ladies'maid, who had indicated the apart ment, had left her. Ere she had got into bed, a piercing shriek aroused the household; then a heavy tail in the housemaid's room caused them to hasten upstairs. What could be the matter? Mistress and servants rushed up together; master followed. The room was broken open, and a terrible sight met the gaze of the intru der.--. The poor girl, partly dressed was lying insensible on the floor in a dead faint. She was laid on the bed, and remedies were applied as soon as possible. The convulsive movements of her limbs were succeeded by violent ravings and it required two men to hold her,so terrible were her struggles. , Her appearance was that of a maniac, and when, with the assistance of a doe tor, she had been calmed, it was pcrceived with j unutterable terror,that the poor girl was "nu ing mad." She was quite exhausted for a while" but the paroxysms agaiu began. She was re moved as soon us possible, and after a while a lucid interval intervened. To questions addres sed to her, she only replied, with terrified mien and nameless horror in her face, " Yes, I saw it! I Haw it!" and re-lapsed into imbeci lity. Now what she bad seen was a mystery. She never gave any account of tho horribly strange sight that met her gaze. The story got wind and was laughed at ; was credited wholly or partly according to the constitutions of the hearers. The tenants avoided the loom, which was again locked up, and no more was hoard of "the ghost" for a while. It happened one evening that the tenants gave a party. There was a small dance, and amongst the guests were some guardsmen and other officers. Thero was some curiosity expres sed as to tbo hauntod room, 'and many of the guests - particularly tho military ones laughed at the idoa of any danger or ghost. Finally, tho subject absorbed general attention; dancing wasdiscarded for discussion; the believers outnumbered the sceptics. "I'll bet you five pounds," said a young officer, " that I will go and remain an hour in the haunted room and come down unharmed." " "Done!" exclaimed his opponents. "Don't!" exclaimed the more timorous o: his friends. The lady of the house and her husband both endea voured to dissuade him. But he was firm. He laughed ghosts to scorn, and jestingly bade "farewell" to his companions. He carried a candle, and as he prepared to ascend to the room, which had been lighted with gas, some presentiment seems to have affected him, but lie laughed [away all remonstrance. " You wont frighten me with a regiment of ghosts," he said. Hut I'll securo my retreat. Remember, if I ring once, you will be ready to coine upstairs, because you will then understand that I have seen something and may require assistance." They promised, and he continued, " But if I ring twice, you will at once know that I am in peril, and then come up as fast as ever you can. I shall not ring without reason." They wished the ycung fellow good luck, and standing in and near the drawing-room door watched him ascend the staircase. He laughed them a cheery "cood bye," entered the room, which was fully ligh ted, and shut the door loudly. The noise echoed through the house now silent, for every one, even the servants, were 011 the "qui vive," and the ringing ot the bell was anxiously ex pected. The men stood on the landing: the ladies generally remained in the rooms, conver sing only in whispers, and felling as one ex pressed it, as if something was going to happen. He had been gone fifteen minutes, and no sound hadalarmedthe guests. Bets'began to be talked of and wages tendered that fie would not ring, and that there was no "ghost" nor mystery at all. Suddenly a jaint " ting, ting" was heard from the basement. There was no mistake-ho' had rung the bell [ On the startling notice the ladies ran'out, nnd some of the men began to ascend the staira. A few were for rushing up at once, but the courage of their friend and their agree ment held them back; still they were ready for a dash up the flight at the first tingle of the second bell. Some terrible minutes passed; tho ticking of tho clock was distinctly audible. Then a loud, violent crash of the hell; a sovnd of fearful signi cance to ell who heard it. Two seconds sufficed for the men to reach tl\p room and mirst open the doa. '{'his is what fchuy saw-The young officer, stretched in his evening dress on the bed, rigid, dead I . His jaw had dropped; his eyc3 were staring open vacantly in mortal terror; a dumb, stony fear and awful horror stamped on his features ! His left hand clutched tho bell rope which had summoned up his friends. But 110 presence was visible. No foim appeared to alarm the others. There he lay, stark staring mad in death! What he hacl seen- whether demon or spirit-must for ever remain a mys tery as great as ever puzzled the London world. He died, scared to death by the awful .appari tion which lie had in some manner defied or offended. Sometime after, we believe in 1S79, the condi tion of the house and the mystery again claimed attention. Questions were publicly addressed to those interested, but no reply was given, was any explanation ever afforded of this perfectly true mystery of Berkely Square. A Nun's RULES OF CONDUCT.-Do not be curious about matters whichdo not concern you. Say no evil pf anyone but yourself, and do not listen to any. Never ridjeulo anyone, ^0 not contend in words a.bflUtthingsof no consequence. Dq not exaggerate, insert nothing as a fact of which you are not sure. Give no hasty opinions. Avoid empty tattle, Do not draw comparisons. Be not singular in food or dress ; and be not loud in yonr laughter. Bo gentle to others and severe to yourself. Speak courteously to servants. Do not note other people's faults ; but note your own iaults and their good points. Never boast. Never make excuses. Never do anything when alone which you would not do before others.-Saint Toresa. How TO STOP BLEEDING.-A correspondent of tho " Farmers' Advocata" writes While away from homo a weaning colt of mine broke through a barb wire fence aud cut its front leg badly. It had. been bleeding for eight hours, when I got home. I took dry horse manure and held it on the wound for one minute, and the blood stopped flowing at once. An applica tion of dry manure will stop the bleeding of a wound every time. This information may be worth a good deal to many of your readers, so I send it. Tny New WEAPON.-A contributor to tho " Argus" writes :-" The weapon which is to play suclivi important part in the next war is not bo bo a riflo at all somo say. The old days of tho gunstock are as numbered as wore fchoso of tho firelock when flint and steel camc into fashion. Tho reception of the repoil on the shoulder is no longer neces sary, iind 80 wo will have Sib machine guns, which can be carried above tho knajr-^k, so as to bo unstrapped ill ftvo noconds, and fixed in a position 011 tho ground a small shield forming an effective cover to use in the prone position. Each soldier will carry a supply?'' Tiie soldier having both hands "free on tho nwch, \yill v/(\lk lighter, and on rough ground clamber over obstacles with great freedom and rapidity. Thsre will be fittlo risk of the weapon gotting damaged when crossing a fonoo, oy out of or.ler in fording a river. So fare theo well, goo-] old Britisli riflo, Rifle shooting, llko aroho.-y, will hencefoitl be clossocj omong;;fe nimriQ. jnentj," 