A HardyJ Iorsemall By EDNA LYALL, Author of " Donovan," " IV Two," "In the Golden Days," "Knight.Errant," 6Lc. CHAPTER XIV. THE cemetery just outside the Stads port at Bergen, which had called forth 1 the eager admiration of Blanche Morgan in the previous summer, looked perhaps even lovelier now that winter had come with its soft, white shroud. The trees, Instead of their green leaves, stretched 6int rinse-laden branches against the clear, frosty sky; the crosses on the graves were fringed with icicles, which, touched here and there by the level rays of the setting sun, shone ruby-red, or in the shade gleamed clear as diamonds against the background of crisp white snow. Away in the distance Ulriken reared his grand old head majestically, a dark " streak. of precipitous rock showing out how and then through the veil which bid his summer face; and to the right, in the 'valley, the "pretty Lungegaarsvand was one great sheet of ice, over which skaters glided merrily. The body of Sigurd Falck rested be side that of his wife in the midst of all this loveliness, and one winter afternoon Sigrid and little Swanhild came to bring to the grave their wreaths and crosses, for it was their. father's birthday. They had walked from their uncle's house laden with all the flowers they had been able to collect, and now stood at the gate of the cemetery, which opened stiffly owing to the frost. Sigrid looked older and even sadder than she had done in the first shock of her father's death, but little Swanhild had just the same fair rosy face as before, and there was a veiled oecitement and eagerness in her manner as she pushed at the cemetery-gate; she was able to take a sort of pleasure in bringing these birthday gifts, and even had in her heart a keen satisfaction in the certainty that "Their grave" would look prettier than any of the others. "No one else has remembered his birthday," she said, as they entered the silent graveyard. "See, the snow is quite untrodden. Sigrid, when are they going to put father's name on the stone ?" and she pointed to the slanting marble slab which leant against the small cross. "There is only mother's name still. Won't they put a bigger slab instead where there will be room for both ?" " Not now," said Sigrid, her voice trembling. "But why not, Sigrid ? Every one else has names put. It seems as if we had forgotten him." "Oh, no, no," said Sigrid, with a sob. "It isn't that, darling; it is that we re member so well, and know what he would have wished about it." "I don't understand," said the child wistfully. " It is in this way," said Sigrid, taking her hand tenderly. "I cannot have money spent on the tombstone, because he would not have liked it. Oh, Swan 'hild I-you must know it some day, you shall hear it now--it was not .only his own money that was lost, it was the money of other people. And till it is paid back how can I alter this?" QCs'?CRs Snwaahild's eyes grew large and bright. It was that, then, that made him die,' she faltered. "He would be so sorry for the other people. Oh, Sigrid, I will be so good; I don't think I shall ever be naughty again. WVhy didn't you tell me before, and then I shouldn't have been cross because you wouldn't buy me -things ?" . "I wanted to shield you and keep you from knowing," said Sigrid. "But after all, it is better that you should hear it from me than from some outsider." " You will treat me like a baby, Sigrid, and I'm ten years old after all-quite old enough to be told things . .. .And oh, you'll let me help to earn money and pay back the people, won't you ?" , "That is what Frithiof is trying to do," said Sigrid, "but it is so difficult and so slow. And I can't think of anything we can do to help." "Poor dear old Frithiof," said Swan hild. And she gazed away over the frozen lake to the snow mountains which bounded the view, as if she would like to see right through them into the big Lon don shop where, behind a counter, there stood a fair- haired Norseman toiling bravely to pay off those debts of which she had just heard. "Why, on father's last two birthdays Frithiof was away in Germany, but then we were looking forward so to having him home again. There's nothing to look forward to now." Sigrid could not reply, for she felt choked. She stood sadly watching the child as she bent down, partly to hide her tears, partly to replace a flower which had slipped out of one of the wreaths. It was just that sense of having nothing to look forward to which had weighed so heavy on Sigrid herself all these months ; she had passed very bravely through all the troubles as long as there had been anything to do; but now that all the arrangements were made, the villa in Kalvedalen sold, the furniture disposed of, thenewhomein her uncle's housegrown familiar, her courage almost failed her, and each day she realized more bitterly how desolate and forlorn was their posi tion. The first sympathetic kindness of her aunt and cousins had, moreover, had time to fade a little, and she became Sgrowingly conscious that their adoption into the Grinvold family was an incon i:-.venience. The house was comfortable but' not too large, and the two sisters occupied the only spare room, so that it was no longer possible to have visitors. The income was fairly good, but times were hard, and even before their arrival Fru Grinvold had begun to practise a few little economies, which increased during the winier, and became more apparent to all the family. This was depressing enough; and then, as Swan-. hild had said, there was nothing to which she could look forward, for Frithiof'Ps prospects seemed to her altogether blighted, and she foresaw that all he was Slikely to earn for some time to come would only suffice to keep himself, and Scould by no possibility support three pausing again to struggle with the stiff gate, while Swanhild held the empty flower-baskets. "Can't you do it?'" exclaimed the .child. "What a tiresome gate it is I worse to fasten than to unfasten. But see here come the Lundgrens. They will help. Sigrid glanced round, blushing vividly as she met the eager eyes of Torvald Lundgren, one of Frithiofs school friends. The greetings were frank and friendly on both sides, and Madale, a tall, pretty girl of sixteen, with her hair braided into one long, thick plait, took little Swanhild's arm and walked on with her. '" Let us leave those two to settle the 5gz te between them," she said, smiling. ' It is far too cold to wait for them." S Noiv Torvald Lundgren was a year or two older than Frithiof, and having long been rta a position of authority he was p unusually old for his age. As a friend t Sigrid liked him, but of late she had half feared that he wished to be more than a sa friend, and consequently she was not ii well pleased to see that, by the time the d gate was actually shut, Madale and tl Swanhild were far in advance of them. c "Have you heard from Frithiof yet?" fi she asked, walking on briskly. b "No," said Torvald. "'Pray scold r him well for me when you next write. l How does he seem? In better spirits c again?" a " I don't know," said Sigrid, "even to c me he writes very seldom. It is wretched v having him so far away and not knowing t what is happening to him." S "I wish there was anything I could do for him," said Torvald, " but there t seems no chance of any opening out here I for him." "That is what my uncle says. Yet it was no fault of Frithiof's; it seems hard I that he should have to suffer. I think the I world is very cruel. You and Madale 1 were almost the only friends who stood by us; you were almost the only ones who scattered fir branches in the road on the morning of my father's funeral." "You noticed that?" he said, colour ing. "Yes; when I saw how little had been strewn I felt hurt and sore to think that the others had shown so little respect for him, and grateful to you and Madale." "Sigrid," he said, quietly, "why will you not let me be something more to you than a friend? All that I have is yours. You are not happy in Herr Grinvold's house. Let me take care of you. Come and make my house happy, and bring Swanhild with you to be my little sister." " Oh, Torvald ! " she cried, "I wish you had not asked me that. You are so good and kind, but-but---" " Do not answer me just yet, then; take time to think it over," he pleaded; "indeed I would do my best to make you very happy." " I know you would," she replied, her eyes filling with tears. "But yet it could never be. I could never love you as a wife should love her husband, and I am much too fond of you, Torvald, to let you be married just for your com fortable house." "Your aunt led me to expect that, perhaps, in time, after your first grief had passed-" "Then it was very wrong of her," said Sigrid, hotly. "You have always been my friend-a sort of second brother to me-and oh, do let it be so still. Don't leave off being my friend because of this, for indeed I cannot help it." "My only wish is to help you," he said, sadly; "it shall be as you would have it." And then they walked on together in an uncomfortrble silence until they over took the others at Herr Grinvold's gate, where Torvald grasped her hand for a momenit, then, looking at his watch, hurried Madale away, saying that he should be late for some appointment. Fru Gronvold had unluckily been look ing out of the window, and had seen the little group outside. She opened the front door as the two girls climbed the steps. "Why did not the Lundgrens come in?" she asked, a look of annoyance psasing over her thin, worn face. "I didn't ask themn said Sigrid, blush ing. "And I think Torvald had some en gagement," said Swanhild, unconsciously coming to the rescue. " You have been out a long time, Swan hild, now run away to your practising," said Fru Grinvold, in the tone which the child detested. "Come in here, Sigrid, I want a word with you." Fru Gronvold had the best of hearts, but her manner was unfortunate; from sheer anxiety to do well by people she often repulsed them. To Sigrid, accus tomed from her earliest girlhood to come and go as she pleased and to manageher father's house, this manner wasalmost intolerable. She resented interference most strongly, and was far too young and inexperienced to see, beneath her aunt's dictatorial tone, the real kindness that existed. Her blue eyes looked defiant as she marched into the sitting-room, and drawing off her gloves began to warm her hands by the stove. "Why did you not ask Torvald Lund gren to come in ?" asked Fru Grdnvold, taking up her knitting. "Because I didn't want to ask him, auntie." "But you ought to think what other people want, not always of yourself." "I did," said Sigrid, quickly. "I knew he didn't want to come in." "What nonsense you talk, child!" said Fru Grtnvold, knitting with more vigour than before, as if she vented her impatience upon the sock she was mak ing. "You must know quite well that Torvald admires you very much; it is mere affectation to pretend not to see what is patent to all the world." " I do not pretend," said Sigrid, angrily, "but you-you have encouraged him to hope, and it is unfair and unkind of you. He told me you had spoken to him." "What! he has proposed to you?" said Fru Grinvold, dropping her work. "Did he speak to you to-day, dear?" "Yes," said Sigrid, blushing crimson. "And you said you would let him have his answer later on. I see, dear, I see. Of course you could not ask him in." "I said nothing of the sort," said Sigrid, vehemently. "I told him that I could never think of marrying him, and we shall still be the good friends we have always been? "Iy dear child," cried Fru Grdnvold, with genuine distress in her tone, "how could you be so foolish, so blind to all your own interests? He is a most ex cellent fellow, good and steady and rich -all that heart could wish." "There, I don't agree with you," said Sigrid, perversely. " I should wish my husband to be very different. He is just like Torvald in Ibsen's ElU Dukkehjem, we always told him so." " Pray don't quote that hateful play to me," said Fru Grdnvold. "Every one knows that Ibsen's foolish ideas about women being equal to men and sharing their confidence, could only bring misery and mischief. Torvald Lundgren is a good, upright, honourable man and your refusing him is most foolish." "He is very good, I quite admit," said Sigrjd. "He is my friend, and has been always, and will be always. But if he was the only man on earth nothingwould induce me to marry him. It would only mean wretchedness for us both." "Well, pray don't put your foolish notions about equality and ideal love into Karen's head," said Fru Gr6nvold, sharply. "Since you are so stupid and unpractical it will be well that Karen should accept the first good offer she receives." "We are not likely to discuss the matter,! said Sigrid, and rising to her feet she'hurriedly left tlieroom. . Upstairs she ran, choking with angry tears, her aunt's last words haunting her persistently, and inflicting deeper woundS y the more she dwelt upon them. al " She wants me to marry him so that tr she may be rid of the expense of keep- om ing us," thought the poor girl. "She al doesn't really care for us a bit, for. all hi the time she is grudging the money we w cost her. But I won't be such a bad at friend to poor Torvald as to marry him because I am miserable here. I would rather starve than do that. Oh I how I si hate her maxims about taking what you n can get ! Why should love and equality A and a true union lead to misery and mis- tl chief? It is the injustice of lowering woman into a mere pleasant housekeeper that brings half the pain of the world, it n seems to me." But by the time Sigrid had lived through f the long evening, bearing as best she might the consciousness of her aunt's r disappointment and vexation with her, f another thought had begun to stir in her heart. And when that night she went to t her room her tears were no longer the tears of anger, but of a miserable loneli- I ness and desolation. She looked at little Swanhild lying fast asleep, and wondered how the refusal i wbuld affect her life. . .. i "After all," she thought to 'herself 1 " Swanhild would have been happier had I accepted him. She would have had a much nicer home, and Torvald would never have let her feel that she was a burden. He would have been very kind to us both, and I suppose I might have made him happy--as happy as he would ever have expected to be. And I might have been able to help Frithiof, for we should have been rich. Perhaps I am f losing this chance of what would be best for everyone else just for a fancy. Oh what am I to do? After all he would have been very kind, and here they are i not really kind. He would have taken such care of me, and it would surely be very nice to be taken care of again." And then she began to think of her aunt's words, and to wonder whether there might not be some truth in them, so that by the time the next day had dawned r she had worried herself into a state of t confusion, and had Torvald Lundgren ap t proached her again might really have I accepted him from some puzzle-headed notion of the duty of being practical and always considering others before your self. Fortunately Torvald did not appear, and later in the morning she took her I perplexities to dear old Fru Askevold, the pastor's wife, who having worked I early and late for her ten children, now toiled for as many grandchildren, and into the bargain was ready to be the t friend of any girl who chose to seek her f out. In spite of her sixty years she had a bright, fresh-coloured face, with a look "WHAT NONSENSE YOU TALK, CHILD," SAID FRU GR5NVOLD. or youth about it which contrasted curiously with her snowy hair. She was little and plump and had a brisk, cheerful way of moving about which somehow re called to one " The bird that comes about our doors When autumn winds are sobbing, The Peter of Norway boors Their Thomas in Finland, And Russia far inland. The bird, who by some name or other, All men who know it call their brother." " Now that is charming of you to come and see me just at the very right minute, Sigrid," said Fru Askevold, kissing the girl, whose face, owing to trouble and sleeplessness, looked more worn than her own. " I've just been cutting out Inge borg's new frock, and am wanting to sit down and rest a little. What do you think of the colour? Pretty, isn't it?" "Charming," said Sigrid. "Let me do the tacking for you." " No, no; you look tired, my child, sit down there by the stove, and I will tack it together as we chat. What makes those dark patches beneath your eyes ?" " Oh, it is nothing. I could not sleep last night, that is all." " Because you were worrying over something. That does not pay, child; give it up. It's a bad habit" " I don't think I can help it," said Sigrid. "We all of us have a natural tendency that way. Don't you remember how Frithiof never could sleep before an examination?" " And you perhaps were worrying your brain about him? Was that it?" "Partly," said Sigrid, looking down and speaking nervously. "You see it was in this way-I had a chance of be coming rich and well-to-do, of stepping into a position which would have made me able to help the, others, and because it did not come up to my own notion of happiness I threw away the chance." And so little by little and mentioning no name, she put before the motherly old lady all the facts of the case. Child," said Fru Askevold, "I have only one piece of advice to give you--be true to your own ideal." " But then one's own ideal may be un attainable in this world." "Perhaps, and if so it can't be helped. But if you mean your marriage to be a happy one, then be true. Half the un happy marriages come from people stoop ing to take just what they can get. If you accepted this man's offer you might be wronging some girl who is really capable of loving him properly." "Then you mean that some of us have higher ideals than others ?" S" Why, yes, to be sure; it is" the. same in this as in everything else, and what you have to do is justto shut your ears to de all the well-meaning but false maxims of he the world, and listen to the voice in your m own heart. Depend upon it you will be fo able to do far more for Frithiof and Swan- ge hild if you are true- to yourself, than you si would be able to do as a rich woman and si an unhappy wife." st Sigrid was silent for some minutes. al "Thank you," she said at length. "I lit see things much more clearly now; last fa night I could only see things through st Aunt GrOnvold's spectacles, and I think n they must be very shortsighted ones." w Fru Askevold laughed merrily. ti " That is quite true," she said. "The V marriages brought about by scheming tl relatives may look promising enough at n first, but in the long run they always ii bring trouble and misery. The true mar- li riages are made in heaven, Sigrid, though lF folks are slow to believe that. Sigrid went away comforted, yet never- a theless life was not very pleasant to her c just then, for although she had the satis- a faction of seeing Torvald walking the i streets of Bergen without any signs -of t great dejection in his face, she had all I day long.to endure the consciousness of t her aunt's vexatioh, and to feel -in every little economy that this need nothavebeen practised had she decided as Fru Grmn- 1 void wished. It was on the whole a very 1 dreary Christmas, yet the sadness was i brightened by one little act of kindness and courtesy which to the end of her life she never forgot. For alter all it is that I which is rare that-makes a deep impres sion on us. The word of praise spoken at the beginning of our career lingers for ever in our hearts with something of the glow of encouragement and hopefulness which it first kindled there; while the applause of later years glides'off us like water off a duck's back. The little bit of kindness shown in days of trouble is remembered when greater kindness dur ing days of prosperity has been forgotten. It was Christmas-eve. Sigrid sat in her cold bedroom, wrapped round in an eider-down quilt. She was reading over again the letter she had last received from Frithiof, just one of those short, un satisfying letters which of late he had sent her. From Germany he had written I amusingly enough, but these London l letters often left her more unhappy than they found her, not so much from any thing they said as from what they left unsaid. Since last Christmas all had been taken away from her, and now it I seemed to her that even Frithiol's love was growing cold, and her tears fell fast I on the thinlittle sheet of paper where she had tried so hard to read love and hope between the lines, and had tried in vain. A knock at the door made her dry her eyes hastily, and she was relieved to find that it was not her cousin Karen who entered, but Swanhild, with a sunny face and blue eyes dancing with excitement. "Look, Sigrid," she cried, "here is a parcel which looks exactly like a present Do make haste and open it." They cut the string and folded back the paper, Sigrid giving a little cry of surprise as she saw before her the water colour sketch of Bergen, which had been her father's last present to her on the day before his death. Unable to pay for it, she had asked the proprietor of the shop to take it back again, and had been relieved by his ready consent. Glancing quickly at the accompanying note she saw that it bore his signature. It ran as follows : " MADAM,-Will you do me the honour of accepting the water-colour sketch of Bergen chosen by the late Herr Falck in October. At your wish I took back the picture then and regarded the purchase as though it had never been made. I now ask you to receive it as a Christmas gift and a slight token of my respect for the memory of your father," &c.;, &c.; "Oh i" cried Sigrid, "isn't that good of him ! And how nice of him to wait for Christmas insteadofsending it straight back. Now I shall have something to send to Frithiof. It wil l-get to him in time for the new year." Swanhild clapped her hands. "What a splendid idea! I had not thought of that. And we shall have it up here just for Christmas-day. How pretty it is ! People are very kind, I think !" And Sigrid felt the little clinging arm round her waist, and as they looked at the picture together she smoothed back the child's golden hair tenderly. "Yes," she said, smiling,, "after all, people are very kind." CHAPTER XV. As Presten Askevold had feared, Fri. thiof bore the troubles much less easily. He was without Sigrid's sweetness of nature, without her patience, and the little touch of philosophic matter-of-fact ness which helped her to endure. He was far more sensitive too, and was terribly handicapped by the bitterness which was the almost inevitable result of his treatment by Blanche Morgan, a bitterness which stirred him up into a sort of contemptuous hatred of both God and man. Signd, with her quiet common sense, her rarely-expressed but very real faith, struggled on through the winter and thb spring, and in the process managed to grow and develop; but Frithiof, ib.his A 13 desolate London lodgings, with his sore h heart and rebellious intellect, grew daily t more hard and morose. Hadit not been r for the Bonifaces he must have gone alto- t gether to the bad, but the days which he v spent every now and then in that quiet, r simple household, where kindness reigned supreme, saved him from utter ruin. For j always through the darkest part of every life there runs, though we may sometimes s fail to see it, this "golden thread of love," so that even the worst Snan on earth is t not wholly cut off from God, since He will, by some means or other, eternally t try to draw him out of death into life. We are astounded now and then to read that some cold-blooded murderer, some man guilty of a hideous crime, will ask in his last moments to see a child who loved him devotedly, and whom he also loved. We are astonished just because we do not understand the untiring heart of the All-Father who in His goodness often gives to the vilest sinner the love of a pure-hearted woman or child. So true is the beautiful old Latin saying, long in the world but little believed, "Mergere nos patitur, sed non submergere, Chris tus" (Christ lets us sink maybe, but not drown) . Just lit thiý time there was only one thing in which Frithiof found any satis faction, and that was in the little store of money which liy slow degrees he was able to place in the savings bank. In what way it could ever grow into a sum large enough to pay his father's creditors he did not trouble himself to think, but I week by week it did increase, and with this one aim in life he struggled on, working early and late, and living on an amount of food which would have horri fied an Englishman. Luckily he had discovered a place in Oxford Street t where he could get a good dinner every day for sixpence, but this was practically his only meal, and after some months the scanty fare began to tell upon him, so I that even the Miss Turnours noticed that z something was wrong. r " That young man looks to me under " fed," said Miss Caroline-' one day. " I met him on the stairs just now, and he i seems to me to have grown paler and a thinner. What does he have for break a fast, Charlotte? Does he eat as well as a the other lodger?" "Dear me, no," said Miss Charlotte. "t It's my. belief that he eats nothing at d all but ship's biscuits. There's a tin of it them up in his room, and a tin of cocoa, e which he makes for himself. All I ever ;t take him is a jug of boiling water night e and morning !" e "Poor fellow !" said Miss Caroline, sighing a little as she plaitea some lace r which must have been washed a hundred d times into her dress. A delicate caretulness in these little details of dress distinguished the three ladies-they had inherited it with the spelling of their name and other tokens of good breeding. " I feel sorry for him," she added. " He always bows very politely when I meet him, and he is remarkably good-looking, though with a disagreeable expression." "When one is hungry one seldom looks agreeable," said Miss Charlotte. " I wish I had noticed him before," and she re membered, with a little pang of remorse, that she had more than once preached to him about his soul, while all the time she had been too dreamy and unobservant to see what was really wrong with him. "Suppose," she said timidly, " suppose I were to take him a little of the stewed American beef we shall have for supper." "Send it up by the girl," said Miss Tumour, "she is still in the kitchen. Don't take it yourself-it would be awk ward for both of you." So Miss Charlotte meekly obeyed, and sent up by the shabby servant girl a most savoury little supper. Unluckily the girl was a pert cockney, and her loud abrupt knock at the door in itself irritated Frithiof. " Come in;' he said in a surly tone. "Look here," said the girl, "here's something to put you in a better temper. Missus's compliments, and she begs you'll accept it," and she thrust the tray at him with a derisive grin. " Have the goodness to take that down again," said Frithiof, in a fit of unreason ing anger. "I'll not be treated like your mistress's pet dog." Something in his manner cowed the girl. She beat a hasty retreat, and was planning how she could manage to eat the despised supper herself, when at the foot of the stairs she met Miss Charlotte, and her project was nipped in the bud. "It ain't no use, miss, 'e won't touch it," she explained; "'e was as angry as could be, and says 'e, 'Take it away I I'1 not be treated like your mistress's. pet dog,' says 'e. So, bein' frightened, I ran downstairs agen." . Miss Charlotte looked troubled, and later on, when as usual she took up the jug of hot water, she felt nervous and uncomfortable, and her knock was more timid than ever. However, she had scarcely set down the jug on the floor when there came sounds of hasty foot steps in the room, and Frithiof flung open the door. " I beg your pardon," he said. "You meant to be kind, I'm sure, but the girl was rude, and I lost my temper. I ask your forgiveness." There were both pathetic and comic elements in the little scene; the meek Miss Charlotte stood trembling as if she had seen a ghost, and gazing up at the tall Norseman who, in the hurry of the moment, had forgotten to remove the wet towel which, in common with most night workers, he was in the habit of tying round his forehead. Miss Charlotte stooped to pick up the jug. " I am so sorry the girl was rude," she said. "I wish I had brought it myself. You see, it was in this way: we all thought you looked so poorly, and we were having the beef for supper, and we thought perhaps you might fancy some, and-and---" " It was very good of you," he said, touched, in spite of himself, by the kind ness. "I regret what I said, but you must make allowance for a bad-tempered man with a splitting headache." "Is that the reason you tie it up?" asked Miss Charlotte. He laughed and pulled off the towel, passing his hand over the mass of thick, light hair which it had disordered. " It keeps it cooler," he said, "and I can get through more work." She glanced at the table, and saw that it was covered with papers and books. "Are you wise to do so much work after being busy all day?" she said. " It seems to me that you are not looking well. i "It is nothing but headache," he said. S"And the work is the only pleasure I have in the world." "I was afraid from your looks that you had a hard life," she said, hesita itingly. "It is not hard outwardly. As far as work goes it is easy enough, but there is a deadly monotony about it." S "Ah ! if only-" she began He interrupted her. y "I know quite well what you are y going to say-you are going to recom a mend me to attend one of those relig o ious meetings, where people get so full of .t a delightful excitement. Believe me, they would not have the slightest effect on me. And yet, if you wish it, I will I go. It shall be my sign of penitence tfor e my rudeness just now." d Miss Charlotte could not make out whether his smile was sarcastic or s genuine. However, she took him at his word, and the next evening carried him off to a big, brightly-lighted hall to a it revivalist meeting, from which she hoped )f great things. s, It was a hot June evening. He came :r there tired with the long day's work, and it his head felt dull and heavy. Merely out of politeness to his companion he e, tried to take some sort of interest in NUaLL oVuL U11 llbul U IIIMLiusndLIUI LU laugh now and then, and watched the proceedings attentively, though wearily enough. In front of him rose a huge platform with tiers of seats one above the other. The men and women seated there had bright-looking faces. Some looked self-conscious and self-satisfied, several of the women seemed over wrought and hysterical, but others had a genuine look of content which impressed him. Down below was a curiously heterogenous collection of instruments cornets, drums, tambourines, trumpets, and pipes. A hymn was given out, fol lowed by a chorus; the words were solemn, but the tune was the reverse; still it seemed to please the audience, who sang three choruses to each verse, the first loud, the second louder, the third a perfect frenzy of sound, the drums thundering, the tambourines dash ing about wildly, the pipes and corets at their shrillest, and everyone present sing ing or shouting with all his might. It took him some time to recover from the appalling noise, and meantime a woman was praying. He did not much attend to what she said, but the audience seemed to agree with her, for every minute or two there was a chorus of fervent "Amens," which rolled through the hall like distant thunder. After that the young man who conducted the meet ing read astory out oftheBible, and spoke well and with a sort of simple directness. There was very little in what he said, but he meant every word of it. It might have been summed up in three sen ences ; "There is only one way of being happy. I have tried it and have found it answer. All you who haven't tried it begin at once." But the words which meant much to him conveyed nothing to Frithiof. He listened, and wondered how a man of his own age could possibly get up and say such things. What was it he had found ? How had he found it? If the speaker had shown the least sign of vanity his words would have been utterly power less ; but his quiet positiveness impressed people, and it was apparent to everyone that he believed in a strength which was not his own. There followed much that seemed to Frithiof monotonous and undesirable; about thirty people on the platform, one after another, got up and spoke a few words, which invariably be gan with "I thank the Lord I was saved on such and such a night." He won dered and wondered what the phrase meant to them, and revolved in his mind all the theological dogmas he had ever heard of. Suddenly he was startled to find that someone was addressing him, a hymn was being sung, and there was a good deal of movement in the hall; people went and came, and an elderly woman had stepped forward and taken a place beside him. "Brother," she said to him, "are you saved?" " Madam," he replied coldly, "I have not the slightest idea." "Oh, then," she said with a little ges ture that reminded him of Miss Charlotte, "let me beg you to come at once to Christ." "Madam," he said, still in his coldly polite voice, "you must really excuse me, but I do not know what you mean." She was so much surprised and puz zled by both words and manner that she hesitated what to reply; and Frithiof, who hated being questioned, took his hat from the bench, and bowing formally to her, left the hall. In the street he was joined by Miss Charlotte. "Oh !" she exclaimed, "I am so sorry you said that. You will have made that poor woman so terribly unhappy." " It is all her own fault," said Frithiof. " Why did she come meddling with my private affairs? If her belief was real she would have been able to explain it in a rational way, instead of using phrases which are just empty words." " You didn't leave her time to explain. And as to her belief being real, do you think, if it was not real, that little, frail woman would have had courage to go twice to prison for speaking in the streets ? Do you think she would have been able to convert the most abandoned thieves, and induce them to make resti tution, paying in week by week wh':t they could earn to replace what thC. ,ad stolen?" "Does she do that? Then I respect her. When you see her again, please apologise for my abruptness, and tell her that her form of religion is too noisy for my head and too illogical for my mind." (To be continmd. 