A Hardy Horseman. BY EDXA LYALL. Av'kw "Itowo n," "He Tiro," "7>i fftt Golden Ikiyr," " Kvlgit'Erttoni," d X. CHAPTER XXXIX. -Cui.tii.m-J. tt'T though she tried in this way to Lake Oic edge oll'hcr pleasure she could not do L. Afterwards might take care of itself, 'ilierc was no jxtssihility <>f realising it now. idie would enjoy to the full just the present that was liors. the long talks with Fiiihiof, the delightful sense of fellowship with hiin, the mutual enjoyment of that exquisite valley. And so they drove -on, pastAak, with its lovely trees and its rippling river, past l lie lofty Romsdalshoni, past theTroltin- derno, with their weird outline looming up against the blue sky like Die battle ments and pinnacles of some magic city. Aliout Die middle of the day they reached llorgheiin, where it had lieen arranged that they should spend the night. Frithiof was in a mood to find everything beau tiful, lie even admired the rather Iki re linking posting-station, just a long, brown, wooden house with u high flight of steps to the door, and seats on cither side. On the doorstop lay a fine white and tabby cat, which he declared he could remember years before when tlsey had visited the ilniu&dal.; "And that is very possible," said tho landlady, with a pleased look. " For we have had him these fourteen years.'' Every one crowded round to look at Otis antiquated cat. "What Ida name?" asked Cecil, speaking in Norse. " His name is Moiis,1' said the landlady, "Monii Unrgheini." They all laughed at the thought of a cat with a surname, and then came a general dbjtcrsion in quest of rooms. <Vil and Swanhild chose one which looked out across a grassy slope to the river ; the lliiuiim just at this jurt is very still, and of a deep green colour ; beyond uere jagged, givy mountains, mid the moraine of n glacier covered here and there with birch and juniper. Half-a- dozen little houses with grass-grown roofs nestled at ihe foot, and near them were Mveet-amelling hayfields and patches of golden com. They dined merrily on salmon, wild ! strawberries, and cream, and then a walk : was promised. Cecil, however, excused herself, saying that she bod letters to write home, and mi it chanced that Frithiof ami Sigriil had what did not often fall to their lot in those days, the chance of a quiet talk. "Wlmt is wrung with you, dear old hoy?" she said ; for since they had left Horghoim she could not but notice that he hud grown grave and absurliod. "Nothing," he said, with rather a forced laugh. Hut, though he tried to resume his usual manner and talked with her and teased bri playfully, she knew that he bad something on his mind, and, half-hupefully, half -fearfully, made one inure attempt to win his confidence. " 1a1 us rest here in the shade," she raid, settling herself comfortably under a silver birch. "Roy and Swanliild walk ut such a pace that I think wo will let them have the first view of the Mongefos." He threw himself down ou Die grass beside her, and for a tiinc there was silence. "You did not sleep last night," she raid presently. "How do you know that?" he said, his colour rising a little. " Oh, I know it by your forehead. You were worrying over something. Come, confess. " He sat up and began to speak abruptly. 44 1 want to ask you a question," he said, looking lip tbe valley beyond Irel and avoiding her eyes. " Do you think a man has any business to offer to a woman a love which is not liis first passion ? " "At one time 1 thought not." said Sigrid. "But as 1 grew older and understood things more it seemed to mo different. 1 think there would lie few marriages in the world if we made « mlc of tiiat sort. And a woman who really loved would lose sight of all selfish ness and littleness and jealousy just be cause of tlie strength of lier love.'1 He turned and looked straight into her eyes. " And if I were to toll Cecil that 1 loved her, do you think that eIic would at any rate listen to me ?" " I am not going to say yes ' or no ' to that question," said Sigrid, suddenly 'ending forward and giving him a kiss— a raluto almost unknown between a Nor wegian brother and sister — "but 1 will ray instead, 'Go and tiy.' " "You think, then " She sprang to her feet . "1 don't think at all," she said laugh ingly. "Good-bye. I am going to meet Die others at tho Mongefos, and you— you are going back to Horghoim. Adjo." She waved her hand to him and walked resolutely away. He wAtclied her out of sight, then fell back again to his former iiosition on the grass, and thought. She had told hint nothing, and yet somehow had brought to him a most Wonderful sense of rest and peace. Presently be cot up, find began to re- traoo his steps along the valley. CHAPTER XL. Tiie afternoon was not so clear as the morning had been, yet it had a Iwauty uf its own which appoaled to Frithiof very strongly. The hluo sky had changed to a soft pearl grey, all round him rose grave, majestic mountains, theiv summits clear against the pale background, lmt wreaths of white mist clinging about Dicir sides in fantastic twists and curves which bridged over huge yawning chasms and seemed to join Die valley into a great amphitheatre. The stern grey and purple rocks looked hardly real, so softened were Drey by the luminous summer haze. Here and there tlie white snow gleamed coldly in long deep crevices, orin broad clefts u here from year's cud to year's end it remained un limited by sun or rain. Oil each side of the road there was a wilderness of birch and fir and juniper bushes, while in the far distance could ho licnrd tlie Mongefos witli its ceaseless sound of many waters, repeated on either hand by the smaller waterfalls. Other sound there was none save tlie faint tinkle of cowbells or the rare song of the little black and white wagtails, which seemed yhe only birds in the valley. Suddenly ho perceived a little further along the road a slim figure leaning against the fence, the folds of a blue dress. Die gleam of light-brown hair under a sealskin travelling can. His heart began to heat fast, lie strode on more quickly, and Cecil, hearing footsteps, looked up. "J had finished my letter and thought I would come out to explore a little." she said, as he joined her. " You have cumo back?" " Yes," he said, " 1 have come back to She glanced at him quest inningly. start led by bis tone, but before bis eager look Iter eyelids dropped, and a soft glow of colour suffused hor face. "Cecil," he said, "do you remember what yon said years ago alumt men who worked hard to make their fortune and then retired, and were miserable because they hod nothing to do ?" "Oh yea," she said, "1 remember it von' well, and have often seen instances of it." "1 am like that now," Ire continued. "My work seems over, and 1 stand at the threshold of a now life. It was you who saved me from ruin in my old life — will vuu lie my helper now?" ' "Do you think 1 really could help?" : she said wistfully. He looked at her gentle eyes, at her pure, womanly face, and lie knew that lus life was in her hands. " 1 do not know," lie said gravely. " It depends on whether yon could love me — whether you will let me speak of my love for you." Then, as Ire j»auseil, partly because his English words Would not come very readily, partly in hope of some sign of encourage ment from her, she turned to him with a face which shone with heavenly light. "There must irever K- any secrets lietween us," she said, shaking quite simply and directly. "1 have loved you ever since you first came to us— yearsayo." It was nothing to Frithiof that they wore standing at the side of the king's highway— lie had lost all sense of time and place-Die world only contained for him the woman who loved him— the woman who let him clasp her in his strong arm let him iress her sweet face to his. And still from the distance came tlie sound of many waters, and the faint tinkle of the cowbells and the sung of the little black and white birds. The grave grey mountains seemed like strong and kindly friends who sheltered them and shut them in from nil intrusion of the outer world, but they were 6o entirely absorl»ed in each other that tiiey had not a thought for any thing else. . " \Vitityou I shall liavo Courage to begin life afresh," he said after a time. "To have Die right to love you— to be always with you— that will be every! Mug to me." And then, ns he thought of her true- liCHrted confession, he tried to understand a little better the unseen ordering of his life, and lie loved to think that those weaty years had Well wasted neither oil liim nor on Cecil herself. Ho could not for one moment doubt that her pure, unselfish luve had again and again shielded him from evil, DiAtull through his English life with its hard struggles mid bitter suffer ings her love had in some unknown way Weil bis safeguard, and that his life, crippled by tlie faithlessness of a woman, had by a woman also been redeemed. All liis old morbid craving for death bad gone — he eagerly desired a long life that lie might live with her, work for lier, shield her from care, fill up to the l>ost of liis jHiwer what was incomplete in lier life. " I shall have u jnistscript to add to uiy letter," said Cecil presently, hiking up nt him with the radiant smile which lie so loved to see on hor lips. " What a vciy feminine 41110 it will be ! We say, you know, in England thnt a woman's post- cript is Die most important part of her letter." , Will your father and mother ever sjtfirc you to uie 1 " said 1' rilhiuf. "Thej- will certainly welcome you as their son," she replied. "And Mr. ana Mrs. Horner? sug gested Frithiof mischievously. But at the thought of Die consternation of hor worthy oousiiis Cecil could do nothing but laugh. "Never mind," she raid, "they liavo always disapproved of me as much as they have of you ; they will perhaps say that it is after uJl a highly suitable arrangoinout " 1 wonder whether Swanhild will say Die same?" said Frithiof vith a smile; "here she comes hurrying home alone. W ill you wait by the river and let uie just t.l her my good news?" He walked along Die road to meet his sister, who, spite of added years and inches, still retained much of her cliild- Ukenrss. " Why are you all alone?" lie said. "Oli, three is no fun." raid Swanhild. "When Roy and Sigrid are out 011 a holiday they are just like lovers, so I came back to you." "What will you say when I tell you that I am betrothed," he said tcazingly. She looked up 111 liis face with some alarm. " You are only making fun of me," she protested. "On the contrary, I am stating tho most serious of facts. Come, I want your congratulations." "But who are you betrothed to?" asked Swanhild bewildered. " Can it be to Madalc ? And, oh dear, what a horrid lime to chose for it — you will be just no good at all. I really do think you might have waited till tho end of Die tour. " It might possibly have been managed if you had spoken sooner," said Frithiof with mock gravity, " but you come Lio late — the deed is done." "Well. 1 shall liavo Cecil to talk to, bo after all it doesn't much matter," raid .Swanhild graciously. " Hut unfortunately she also has be come betrothed," said Frithiof, watching the bewildered little face with keen pleasure, and seeing the light of percep tion suddenly dawn oji it. Swanliild caught liis hand in hers. " You don't mean— " she began. "Oh, yes," said Frithiof, "but 1 do mean it very much indeed. Camp," and lie hurried lier down the grassy slope to the river. " 1 shall tell Cecil every word you have been saying." Then, as bhe rose to meet them, ho said with a laugh, " This selfish child thinks we might put it off till tlie end of tho tour for lier special benefit." "No. no," cried Swanliild, flying to wards Cecil with outstretched arms. "I never knew it was to you lie was he- throthed— and you could never be that horrid, moony kind who are alwaj's sitting alone together in corners." At which ingenious congratulation they all laughed so immoderately that Mons Horgheim the cat was roused from liis afternoon nap 011 tlm steps of tlie station, and after a preliminary stretch strolled down towards tho river to see what was tlie matter, and to bring t he sobriety and accumulated wisdom of liis fourteen years to lx-ar u|>o!i the situation. "Ah, well," said .Swanhild, with a comical gesture, "there is clearly nothing for me but. as they ray in Italy, to stay at home and nurse the cat." And catching up the astonished Mons, she danced away, eager to be tho first to tell tlie good news to Roy and Sigrid. ' It will be really very convenient," she remarked, to tlie infinite amusement of her eldcz's. " We shall not lose Fritliiofl at nil ; be will only have to move across to Rowan Tree House." And ultimately that was bow matters arranged themselves, so that the house which had sheltered Frithiof in his time of trouble became his home ill this time of his prosperity. He had nut rushed all at once into full light and complete manhood and lasting happiness. Very slowly, very gradually, tho life that bail been plunged in dark ness had emerged into faiut twilight ns he had struggled to redeem his father's name; then, by degrees, the brightness of dawn had increased, and sometimes helped, sometimes hindered by the lives which liad come into contact with his own, be had at length emerged into clearer light, till, after long waiting, tlie sun had indeed risen. As Swanliild liad prophesied, they were by no moans selfish lovers, and, far from spoiling the tour, their happiness did much to add to its success. Cecil hardly knew which part of it wss most delightful to hor. Die return to Molde and the pilgrimage to the quaint little jeweller's shop where they chose two plain gold betrothal rings such as are always used in Norway ; or the merry journey to the Gciranger ; or the quiet days at Oldoreii, in that lovely valley with the river curving and bending its way between wooded banks, and the rampart of grand, craggy mountains with snowy peaks, lier own special mountain, a« Frithiof called Ceeilienkroue, dominating all. It was at Ulddren that she saw for Die first time one of Die prettiest sights in Norway —a country wedding. The charm ing bride. Pern ilia, in her silver-gilt crown and bridal oruamcuts, bad her heartiest symyathy.and Frithiof, happening to catch eight of' Die tiddler standing idly by the churchyard gate when, the ceremony was over, brought him into Die liotel and set every one dancing. Anna Kasuiu6en, the clever and charming manager of Die inn, volunteered to try tho spring dans vith HalfsUn, the guide. The hauilct was searched for dancers of tlie balling and the women showed them tlie pretty jcUtcr and tho frrttir. | By degrees all the population of the place crowded in ns spectators, and soon ! Johannes and PorniUa, tho hridc&nd; bride- : groom, made tlieir way through tlie throng, and, each cariying a decanter, approached the visitors, shook hands with tlicin, and lagged that they would drink tlieir health. There was something strangely simple and charming about Die whole thing. Such a secnu could have been found in 110 other country save in grand, free old Nor way, where false standards of worth are almlishcd, and where mutual res|>cct and equal rights bind each to each in true brotherhood. The day after the wedding they spent at the Brixdals glacier, rowing all together up the lake, but afterwards separating, Frithiof and Cecil walking in advance of Die othurs up the beautiful valley. "There will soon be a high-road to this glacier," said Frithiof, "but I am glad they are only beginning it now, and that wc have Diis rough path." And Cecil M as glad too. She liked the scramble and the littlo bit of climbing needed hero and there ; she loved to feel the strength and protection of Frithiof's hand as he led her over the rocks and boulders. At Inst, after a long tvalk, they reached a smooth, grassy oasis, shaded by silver birches and bordered by a river ; beyond, the Brixdalsbrae gleamed white through tlie trees, with here and there ex quisite shades of blue visible in the ice even at that distance. "This is just like the land of Bculah," raid Cecil, smiling, "and the glacier is tho celestial city. How wonderful those broken pinnacles of ice are ! " " Look at these two little streams run ning side by side for so long and at last joining," said Frithiof. "they are like our two lives. For so many years you have been to me as wo should ray, ' ' What does Diat moan ? " she asked. "It is untranslatable," lie raid. " It is that in which one puts one's trust and confidence, but more besides. It means exactly what you have always been to 111c." Cecil looked down at the little bunch of forget-me-nots and lilies of the valley — the Norwegian national flowers with which FriDiiof loved to keep her supplied— and the remembrance of all that she had borne during these five years came back to hor, and by contrast made the happy present yet sweeter. "I think," she raid, "I should like Signer Donati to know of our happiness ; he was the first who quite understood you." "Yes, I must write tohim," raid Frithiof. " There is no man to whom I owe more." And thinking of the Italian's life and character and of his own past, he grew silent. "Do you know," he said at lougtii, "there is one thing I want you to do for me. I want you to give me back my regard for the Sognc once more. I want, on our way home, just to pass Balholm again." And so one day it happened that they found themselves 011 Die wcll-remembcrcd fjord, and coming up 011 deck when dinner was over, saw that already the familiar scenes of the Frithiof saga were coming into view. " Look ! look !" said Frithiof. "There, far in front of us is the Kviunafos. looking like a thread of white 011 tlie dark rock ; and over to the right is Framnaes ? " Cecil stood beside him on the upper deck, and gradually tlie scene unfolded. They raw the little wooded peninsula, the lovely mountains round tlie Fjacrlauds fjord, Munkeggen itself, with much more simw than during tlieir lust visit, and then, once again. King Dele's grave, ad tlie scattered cottages, with tlieir red-tiled roofs, and Die familiar hotel, somewhat enlarged, yet recalling a hundred memo ries. < iravelyand tliriughtfullyFrithinflooked on tlie little hamlet and on Munkcggen. It tvas a picture thnt iiad been traced <>11 liis mind by pleasure and cugravod by pain. Cecil drew a litUe nearer to him, and though 110 word passed between tlicin, yet intuitively their thoughts turned to one who must for ever be ;issociated with those bright days spent in tlie house uf Oic Kviknc long ago. There was 110 in dignation in their thoughts of her, but there was jwim, and pity, and hope, and tlie love which is at once the source and tlie outcome of forgiveness. They won dered much how matters stood widi lier out in the far- off southern seas, where she struggled 011 in a new life, which muBt always, to the very end, be shadowed by the old. And then FriDiiof thought of liis father, of his own youth, of the ivon- derful glamour and gladness that had been doomed so soon to pass into total eclipse, and feeling like some returned ghost, he glided close by the flagstaff, and the grey rocks, and the trees which had sheltered his farewell to Blanche. A strange and altogether indescribable feeling stole over him, but it was speedily dispelled. There >vas a link M'hich happily bound liis past to bis present— a mommy which noDiiug could sjKjil — 011 the quay he instanDy per ceived the well-remembcrcd faces of the kindly landlord, Ole lvvikne, and his brother Knut. "See!" he exclaimed Mith a smile, " there are tho Kviknea looking not a day older ! Wc must just see if they re member us." Did they not remember ? Of course they did ! And what bowing and hand shaking wont uii in the brief waiting-time. They had heard of Frithiof, moreover, and knew how nobly he liad redeemed liis father's name. They were enchanted at meeting liim once more. " Let me have the pleasure, Kvikne, to introduce to you my lietrothed, m1io was also your guest long ago," said Frithiof. taking Cecil's hand and placing it in that of the landlord. And the Mann congratulations and hearty good M-ishes of Ole and Knut lvvikiie Mere only cut short by Die boll, which warned the travellers that they nitiMt hasten uii the oaimwAV. "Wc shall come back," raid Frithiof. " Allot her summer wc shall stay with you. " ' Yes," raid Cecil. " After all there is nothing equal to Balholm. 1 had for gotten how lovely it was." As tliey glided on Dicy left the little place bathed in sunshine, and in silence they watched it, till at last a bend in tbe 'j fjord bid it from vieM. Frithiof fell into deep thought What part had Diat passionate first love of bis played in his life-story I Well, it had Wen to liim a curse— it had dragged j him down into the depths of despair, and to the verge of vice : it liad steci>cd hint in bitterness and filled his heart wiUi anguish. Yet a more perfect love bad awaited him — a jiaasion less fierce but more tender, less vehement but more last ing ; and all those years Cecil's heart had rcidly been his, though ho had so little dreamed of it. As if in a picture lie raw the stages Dirough winch he had jiasscd — the rapture of mere physical existence ; Die intoler able pain and Jiuiuiliatiuu of Blanche's betrayal ; Die anguish of bereavement ; Die sliaiuo of bankruptcy ; the loug effort to >ay Die debts ; the Dow return to belief in human beings ; Die toilsome steps that had each brought him a clearer knowledge of the Unseen, for which he hod once felt no need ; and. finally, tliis wonderful love springing up lilce a fountain in his life, ready to gladden his somewhat prosaic round of daily work. It M'as evening when they left the steamer at >Sogiidal, but they were none of them in a mood for settling doM'ii, and indeed the n-caDicr Mas so hot that they often preferred travelling after supper. So it was arranged that tliey should go on to a very primitive little place railed Jlillcstad, sleep there for a few hours, and then proceed to Die Lystor fjord. Cecil, who was a much better walker than cither Sigrid or Swanliild, Mas to go on foot witii Frithiof ; the others secured a stolkjacrre and a carriole, and went on in advance v ith tlie luggage. The two lovers malked briskly along tlie side of tlie fjord, but slackened tlieir pace when they reached tlie loug sandy hill m-jth its filial) zigzags ; the evening was still and cloudless ; above Diem towered huge, rocky cliffs, partly veiled by under growth, and all the ail' m'os sweet with the scent of the pine trees. Tliey were close to St. Olaf's well, where, from time im memorial, the country people have come to drink and pray for recover' from illness. "Don't you think wc ought to drink to my future health?" said Frithiof. He smiled, yet in liis eyes she saw all the time the look of sadness that had come to hint as they approached Balhohn. Tlie 011c sting in his perfect happiness was tlie thought that he could not bring to Cecil the unbroken health that had once been his. He knew that the strain of liis past trouble had left upon Iiini marks which lie must carry to his grave, and that the consequences of Blanche's faithless ness had brought with them a secret anxiety M'hich must to some extent shadow Cecil's life. The knowledge mus hard ; it humiliated him. Cecil knew liim so well tlxat b!ic read his thoughts in an instant. " Look at all these littic crosses set up in the moss <m this rock ! " she exclaimed when they had scrambled up the steep ascent. " I wonder how many hundreds of years this lias been tho custom ! I wonder how many troubled people have come here to drink V "And have gained nothing by Dieir superstition?" raid Frithiof. " It was superstition." the said thought fully. "And yet, perhaps, tho sight of the cross and the drinking of the water at least helped them to new thoughts of suffering and of life. Who knows, perhaps some of them went away able to glory in their infirmities?" He did not speak for some minutes, but stood lost in the train of thought suggested to hiin by her words. The sadness gradually died out of his face, and she quite understood that it was with no trace of superstition, but merely as a sign of gratitude for a thought m'hich had helped him, that he took two litUe straight twigs, stooped to drink from St. Olafskihle, and then set up his cross among tlie others in tlie mossy wall. After that tliey clambered down over the boulders into the sandy road once more, and climbed the steep hill leisurely, planiung many Dilngs for tbe future — tho rooms in Rowan Tree House, the litUe m'ooden cottage that tliey meant to build at Godcsund, three hours by Matcr from Bergen, 011 a tiny island, which might bo bought at a trifling cost ; the bright holi day weeks that they would spend there ; the work tliey might shave; tlie efforts they might make together ill their London life. But the sharp contrast between this pictured future and the actual >ast could hardly fail to strike one of Frithiof's temperament; it was tho thought of this wliich prompted him to speak as tliey paused to rest ou Die u'Ooded heights above Ilillstcad. " 1 almost wonder," ho said, " Diat you have the courage to marry sucli an ill- starred fellow as I have ahvays proved to l>o. You are very brave to take Die risk." She answered liim only witii her eyes. "So," he said with a 6inile, "you think, >erhaps, after all the troubles there must lie a good time coming?" " Tliat may be very well," she replied ; "but noM that we belong to each other: outer things matter little." " Do you remember the lines about Norway in the Princess? " he raid. "Your love has made them true for me." " Say them now," she said ; " I have forgotton." And, looking out over tho ruddy sky where, in this night hour, the glow of sun set mingled with Die glow uf dawn, he quoted the words : 1 wa J one To whom tho tou«-h ut all mWhiuicc but mue A to him that sitting on a hill S_>cs the mH'Uiiiincr, midnight, Norway t>un She followed the direction of his gaze and looked, through the fir-trees 011 the hill upon which they were resting, down to Die lovely lake which lay below them like a sheet uf niothcr-of->earl in the tranquil light. She looked bcyoud to Die grand cliff-like mountains with their snowy tops touched here aud there into Die most ex quisite rose-colour by the rising sun ; and then she turned back to the strong Norse face with its clearly -cut features, its look of BtrengOi, and independence, and noble courage, and her heart throbbed with joy as she thought how foreign to it was Diat hard, hitter expression of the past. As he repented the words "Set into sunrise " iiis eyes nu t hers fully ; all Die tenderness and strength of liis nature and an infinite promise of future po&sibiliticB; seemed to strike down into her very soul in tliat glance. He drew lier towards him, and over both of them tliero stole a strange calm which is sometimes the outcome of strong feeling. All nature seemed full of perfect ponce ; 01, it U'ltll tllf» siirllt ()f tllUBC KIIOWV 1)1011)1- tains and Die fnniilinr scent of tlie pines to tell hiin that lie was indeed in liis own country. wiUt Cecil's loving presence to assure him of his new jvissession, and wiDi a jK'ace In his heart which had first come to liim in bitter humiliation and trouble, Frithiof, too, was at rest. j After all, what were tbe possible trials j I tliat lay before them ? "What was all ! I earthly pain f Looked at in a true light, ' | Buffering seemed, indeed, but as Oiis brief ' northern night-, and death but as the i herald of eternal day. 1 "Cecil," said Frithiof, looking again i into lier sweet, grave eyes, " who would ! have Diought Diat Die Linucca gaDiercd all j those years ago should prove the first link in the chaiu that u-as to bind us togeDicr for ever ? "It was strange," she replied with a smile, as bhe gathered one of the loug trails growing close by and looked at the lovely litUe white bells with their pink veins. He took it from her, and began to twiue it in her hair. " I didn't expect to find it here," he said, " and brought & fine plant of it from Nordfjord. We must take it home with us Diat you may have some for your bridal wreath." She made a little exclamation of doubt. "Why, Frithiof? How loug do you think it will go on flowering ? " " For another month," he Baid taking her glowing face between his luuids aud stooping to kiss lier. " Only a month ! " she faltered. " Surely that will be long euough to read the banns ? " he said with a smile. 'And you really ought not to keep the Lintuva waiting a day longer." THE END. "I THOUGHT I WOULD COME OUT TO EXI'LOllE A LITTLE." 