ANNUAL ORANGE CELEBRATION. The anniversary of the Battle of the Boyne was celebrated last evening, under the aus pices of the Loyal Grange Institution of Victoria, at the Alfred Hall. The celebra- tion took the form of a tea and' concert.' About 500: persons sat dowirto au excellent tea, provided by. Mr Klein. •' - Subsequently, ii concert was held in the hall; at which there was a large attendance.. Mr R 1 T. Vale,.U.GiM., occupied the chair, and a number of prominent Olangemeu oc cupied seats on the platform: The brethren of the various lodges formed a procession previous to the proceedings,, marching twice round the- room, headed by. the baud. The toasts of “ The Q.-ieeu,” “ The Prince and Princess of Wales and the rest of' the Royal Pamily,” and “ His Excellency- the - Governor,” were then proposed. The “Charter Toast” was honored, in silence, the brethren linked , , The chairman read a telegram from.Laun ceston, conveying information of the success of the demonstration at that -city, He re marked that similar telegrams might be sent from every placo where liberty of speech., was acknowledged. More misery and suf fering had been inflicted, by the Church, of Rome than. by. any.other organisation. The speaker referred to the martyrs oh Smith field, and to the thousands who were put to death elsewhere fortheir religiousconvictions.. Wnere the Church of Rome had- power there would be neither personal-freedom nor religious freedom.. They knew that that church had a marvellous orga nisation, and an organisation wonder fully destructive.. There might he difi ferences of creed am...... Protestants but they. had one common dogma of personal freedom and personal responsibility. No Rfotestant dare dictate to them, but Romanists had- to act as the church dictated. They, liad had an illustration of: the working of: the oliurch. in this colony. In the first few years of the colony’s existence,.the. Romanists had gone ahead, hut where where they now?. The Prote3tant creed in begetting a sense of per sonal responsibility,, better fitted.the people for the fight in life. There were few. Roman ists at present at the head of any great indus tries, as they, hail evidence even in Ballarat.. They had been oppnsedto good legislation. The Protestants were- loyal and- wished to. have a common interest with the martyrs.at the stake. It was better to build: up. a nation .of: English- speaking, people and: au empire which-will.say there shall he no. war (applause);, an empire which, would last longer than thut.ofiolil Rome. They would have a nation untrammeled by, any foreign despot, .and they would have full.liberty, for everyone, and peace and welfare for maokiud.. (Applause.)] The toast of “ Orangemen All: Over the World.” coupled with, the name of the. Im perial Grand Master,, the Earl, of, Erne,, was then given.. Selection—Bradley’s Ballarat Baud;: song, Mrs Garter.. ' The-Rev. J. B. Johnson responded to. the toast of “ Orangemen all ov-er the World.” He believed' they would, have one of the greatest organisations iu. the world, if men fulfilled the vows they took when they became Orangemen. Whemthcy. were more united: they would, hold a greater, power iu the laud. They took, the Bihle as their guide,, and rejoiced that they were under a sovereign who would protect them, (Ap iplause.); As Protestants and as Orangemen, jit was their duty to protest against the jerrors of the Romish Church. (.Applause.) i'Li. Ballarat they were not protesting us '.they ought to do, and .as they saw 1 the- church making encroachments they ishould be more united. (-(Applause.),- Lately in Ballarat -there had been a college started j which had been called blasphemously by the hiameofthe Holy Ghost. ((Applause.) Let i them be earnest in the cause they espoused, land stop these encroachments.of the Church •of Rome. (Applause.), He wished every i prosperity to the Orangemen of Ballarat. If ; they had' more Orangemen, among the Pro ! testants they would not have so much : crime, and lie hoped the day would come when Protestants would, more generally be come members of the institution. (Ap plause.) Song, “True till death,”'Mr R. J. Dunn; recitation, “Orange and green,” Mr Ned well. The toast, “Apprentice boys of Derry” (croppies lie down); was then honored. Mr T. White sang ‘■‘•Romany lass;” violin solo, “Blue bells ot Scotland,” Br Doherty. 31r James Russell,. M.L.A., responded to the toast. He was responding to one of the most illustrious events ever recorded in history. There were men who asked why they as Protestants and Orangemen con tinued to refer to. Derry. They referred to Derry because: it brought to mind hoys and men and women of illus trious name, who had handed down down to them the liberties they now en joyed. (Applause.) The speaker referred to various incidents iu the siege of Derry, and to the mounment erected to the men who de fended that place. He rejoiced that iu these days they were living to exalt a nation and and were loyal and true to their religion. (Applause.) He was pleased as au Orange man to see so many people living in social comfort, and not in degradation. If they were true to themselves and their religion they would have such a power that they would carry everything before them. (Ap plause). Mr Russell concluded his respouse amid applause. Vocal duet, “ Eliren on the Rhine,” Mrs Carter and Miss R.-Ellis. The marshal (Br Stuart) gave the toast of “ The Heroes of the Boyne ’’ (Kentish fire), the baud playing “ Bovne Water.” The Rev. E. W. Nye responded to the sentimeut. If he did not beloog to an Orange lodge, he was ns ardent a Protestant and as loyal a subject of'Queen Victoria as any Orangemen preseut. (Applause.) In referring to the question of the perpetuation of past differences, the speaker, said the same differences still remained, and working in religion would show their effects iu social and political life. (Applause.) The fact that their Ruman Catholic citizens stood on the same footing n3 themselves was all due to the revolution of 16SS. (Ap plause.) Recitatiou—“ The signal box,” Mr P. J. Murray. Song—“ Protestant rallying song,” MrR.J. Dunn. Song—“ Unfurl the banner,” Mr White. The sentiments of “ Parliament” and “ The Ladies” were also given, and the proceedings were brought to a close by the siugiug of the National Anthem. ' 