ASTON HALL AND CHARLES I. Mr. Wiiitwortii Wallis, F.S.A., has a paper on this subject in the English Il.I.us- strated Magazine, from which tho follow ing is an extract : — Of tho many " stately homes of England " none has suffered more from tlio vicissitudes of fortune, yet few have survived tho boating of tho storms for more than 250 winters better, than the rich old red-brick building of Aston Hall, near Birmingham. Erected by the head of an anciont untl wealthy family, this imposing edifice was deemed a fitting accompaniment to the title which had just then been be stowed upon tho owner of those broud War wickshire acres, Sir Thomas Holto, who thus thought fit to erect and leave for future ages, as an enduring monument of its founder's name, this truly repre sentative example of tlmt stylo of architecture which was developed dur ing the reign of England's virgin Queen. Sir Thomas Holte was famous for his loyalty to tho Stuarts, aud jn 1(112 he had the honor of entertaining Charles I. ; and this visit, trivial though it was, lias invested tho mansion with an undying interest. The king arrived on Sunday evening, October 10, anil oven after the lapse of many years one can picture in imagination tho memorable scene. Tlio. setting sun throws the shadows of the great domes across the courtyard, where the proud but loyal old baronet stands awaiting the coming of his sovereign. We hear, as it were, the roll of drum, tho flourish of trumpet, and the clash of arms, as the cuirasses and "waving banners of Prince Rupert's troops appear in sight and sweep up the broad avenuo of bpanish chestnuts. And then the joyful shouts of tlio Loyalists as the monarch, sur rounded by a brilliant retinue, in cluding the veteran Lord Lindsay and the thoughtful Lord Falkland rides slowly up to the front of tho hall, where Sir Thomas bids his king welcome to his "poor house of Aston." The townsmen of Birmingham mainly supported the Parlia mentary cause, and on April 20, 1043, attacked Aston Hall. The marks of tho cannonading aru still visiblo on tho walls of the southmost wing of tho building, and tho interior of tho hall also suffered no littlo damage. Sir Thomas had to pay dearly for his loyalty ; ho was imprisoned, his house hold goods were twice confiscated, his estates decimated — in fact his losses were computed at L'2U,OUO. The sturdy old baronet died in 1G54, about tho middle of November. He was succeeded by his grand son, Robert Holto, who, during tho reign of Charles II., erected the- almshouses at Aston, according to previsions con tained in Sir Thomas' will. Through three generations the estate passed from father to son, but Sir Lister Holto dying in 1770, bis brother, Sir Charles, succeeded him, but he never occupied the old hall. Sir Charles died in Portman-squaro in 1782, far from tho hulls of his forefathers, and away from all the scenes hallowed by tender recollections ; and lie passed away witli tho sad consciousness tlmt those who had no moral claim upon him would inherit tho estate of which he had onco been the proud possessor. Tho estates reverted to Mr. Hencago Leggo, aud ho resided at tho Hall until 1817, when an Act of Parliament was obtained for tho sale of tho estate, and with this sale faded tho lust glories of Aston. Tlio hall and park were then purchased by a firm of bunkers at Warwick, who disposed of tho mansion and 43 acreH of the land to tho Aston Park Co. for tlio sum of- L35,000 — largo portions of tlio park having previously been sold for buildim; purposes. Prior, however, to this arraugo- ment, James Watt, tho son of the eminent engineer, resided at tho hall, and died thero on Juno 2, 1848. On Juno 15, 1858, tho Queen, accompariied by t.ielato Prince Con sort, inaugurated tho hall and nark as a re creation ground for tho piffle, but tho com pany was not able to complete tlio purchase. Her Majesty expressed a desire that it should not bo lost to the public, and tho Corporation of Birmingham, aided by soveral liberal benefactors, acquired tho mansion and the remnant of ti,e park. Since then it has been well cared for, and has also bcon of somo service, for after tho terrible destruc tion by tiro of the Midland Insti tute in 1879 tlio building was used as n storo for the property of the frco libraries, tho eolleetions being arranged in various rooms. Since tho opening of the splendid museum and art gallery in the city these, collections lmvo been removed, und the old hall has boen in somo measure re stored to tho beauty for which it was re nowned 200 years ago. The principal, and indeed original, entrance to the pnrk was by the Church Lmlgo, so named from its being immediately opposite the old parish church, in tlio churchyard of which wero buried some of the Royalists who fell during tho defenco of tho hall ; and tho chancel itsolf contains somo fine altar tombs anil other monuments of tho Holte family. Tho first iloor is reached by a magnificent staircase divided into short flights by numerous land ings. It is of massive oak, and is unsur passed us an example of the curly Eliza bethan pattern; for it is devoid of that rich though somewhat ponderous Italian de coration which may be found in many Eliza bethan mansions, notably Hatfield. Oil the second landing may be seen tlio rcsultsof tho cannonading during the-attaok mado by tho Parliamentary forces in April, 1643, One heavy cannon ball — it is preserved in a small case near the window on this landing — after passing -through o thick walls Btruok the massivo oak twi of tho nearer balustrade, splitting and uu ling the former from top to bottom. This shattered newel and broken panelling remain as they wero left after tuc fighting. On the walls are numerous marks showing where the halls entered — indeed it is a matter of surpriso that the whole staircase was not destroyed. From the second landing we outer thfc great drawing-room — a fine apartment — 39ft. by 23ft., und lighted by two iiuillioiieff and transomed windows on the south side. Op posite, looking into tho courtyard, is another window which was formerly bricked up. This room is generally looked upon as nrchiteeturally the best of nil the chambers. A characteristic feature of its decoration is tho carved stone frieze, of spirited Renaissance execution. Under semicircular niches running round the walls, executed in high relief, nre figures in military costumes of the Roman aud Elizabethan periods. Tho ceiling itself is enriched with scroll-work and further orna mented with cherubs and groteBquo heads. The panelling is coarse, and not in accord with the other decorations ; but the walls were probably covered with tapestry. Tlio chimuey-picco is one of tho finest to be found in any mansion, being of white stone, alabaster, and black marble, and it rises to the lovel of the cornice. It is divided into two parts by bold entablatures, each sup- ported by gruff tiatod pilasters— thciipperones resting on bosses with grotesquo heads. The doorway on the left loads to King Charles' bedroom, which retains a prestige attaching to no other portion of tho house, for here it was that the ill-fated monarch slept when staying with the loyal old baronet whilst on the nuirch from Shrewsbury to reliovo Ban bury Castle, and on the Sunday following the royal visit the memorable but indecisive battle of Effgchill was fought, during which engagement Edward Holte was severely wounded. The room called tho King's Cham ber is unpretentious nnd small. At one end is a recess for the bed. Tho ceiling is of geometrical design, and below is a bold frieze modelled in relief. The walls aro hung with tapestry — tlio work of Mary Holte and her Histcrs, as a tribute of respect to tho memory of Charles I. It is worked in cross- stitch ; much of the fabric still retains itsorigi- nal color, though the Birmingham holiday- makers havo wantonly dilapidated and in some cases cut pieces out of it. The two largest pieces have views of Aston and Brereton — the family estate in Cheshire — with shields containing tlio Holte arms and quartcrings. At tho northern eml of the hall, and communicating by a room with the long gallery, is a secondary Htuircaso by whiuli the rooms above the entrance hull from this end of the building may bo reached. The staircase is of oak. Tlio rooms do not deserve spooial mention,' although one called the nursery has a nico stono fireplace, in which are some quaint old Dutch tiles. The upper story of the northern wing was principally devoted to the Bleeping apartments of the servants, lighted by small windows, in somo of which the old quarries remain. On this story is a long dismal corridor run ning tho whole length of tho building from the grand to the secondary staircases. It is only natural that a famous old building liko this should be haunted — an ancient family like tho Hoi tea would surely leave a respect able ghost behind it — and no hotter plnce could be pointed out than a small room at the end of this glooiny and ill-smelling cor ridor. It is a mere cabin or box, dark and forbidding, made up of the great rafters of the roof — the abode of bats and Huge spiders — yet bore, says the legend, a young lady, a member of the Holte family, was immured for a considerable time, as she refused to ally herself to the husband chosen by her hot-headed father, nnd sho finally died a raving maniac. 