TWICE TRIED. By ANNIE S SWAN, Authoress of "Aldersyde," u Oarlowrie," •' Aciobb her Path," " Sundered HeartB," &o.; Published by special arrangement with the authoress. All rights reserved.! "Chapter XXYII.—Dark Hours. Kitty was unable to understand what was the matter with her mistress. She had watched her walk up the street with Mrs. Harrington that afternoon, and thought Bhe had never seen her look so well. After an absence of little more than two hours Bhe returned in a cab, looking like a person who had been seized by a fatal illness. The face, to which some thing of a girlish bloom had been restored In the sunny south, was one more pallid and worn, but the anguish written so plainly upon It was what caused Kitty the keenest distress. " Oh, ma'am, my dear lady, what has happened to yon ?" she exclaimed, when she opened the door. "You look as if you had seen a ghost." "So I have, Kitty; so I have," re turned Mrs. AnguB, almost in a whisper. 11 Put a fire in my dressing-room, my girl, and let me lie down there. When did you say the girls were to come home ?" "To-morrow, ma'am," replied Kitty, taking her mistress's portvionnaie and sunshade from her trembling hands, and offering her strong willing arm to assist her up stairs. " I am glad It'la no£to-nlght. We will be alone and quiet together in the house," responded Mrs. Angus wearily, " Get me Bometlng warm to drink. 1 feel as if it were winter instead of May." (> Will the master be home to-day, do you think?" asked Kitty when they reached the dresBing-room, and her deft fingers were busy unfastening bonnet strings and mantle." " 1 cannot tell," said Mrs. Angus with a low moan. " Oh, Kitty, my girl, pray for your poor master and mistress. They have need of it." Kitty, more distressed and mystified than ever, made no reply, but made haste to put a match to the fire and to arrange the pillows of the couch for her mistress's aching head, Mrs. Angus took off her walking dress, threw on a loose morning robe, unfastened the colls of her magnifi cent hair, and wearily sank on the couch. Every atom of physical strength seemed to have deserted her ; she felt weak as the veriest infant. Kitty ran for a cup of tea, which she feverishly drank, and refusing anything more substantial, asked that she might not be disturbed. " If any one calls, Kitty, say I am too indisposed to appear. I cannot Bee {even Mrs Harrington shonld Bhe come in." "Very well, ma'am, I will attend to it," responded Kitty, and Bhe stole away rather disconsolately down Btalrs, wonder ing what new and terrible tronble had fallen upon the house. Unable to move, Joan Angus lay with her. dazed head buried among the cushions, trying, even as her husband had done before her, to think out this thing which had been revealed to her. J dare not try to describe or attempt to analyse her state of mind. The terrible truth in volved many painful complications for hor, bnt for a time only one fact was pre sent to her mind—that she and her hus band must part at once and for. ever. Bemember how long and how trulyshe had loved him, reflect on the years of her happy wifehood, on the undying and sacred memories which bound her to him in a tie which she had hoped only death would break, and imagine something of the agony which rent her soul. She lay perfectly still while the first waves of the tempest broke over her, but' the clenched hand, the pain drawn brows, the ashen Hps, told their pitiful tale. After a time the other aspects of the matter began to crowd in upon her, and she realised in a flash that her life was ruined. Henceforth she must be a homeless, nameless waif, drifting alone and uncared for on the sea of life. And she had been so happy, bo favored among womenj so honored among her fellow-beings. Had she grown proud and hard of heart, she wondered, that so awful a punishment should *be meted out to her? Then she thought of her little child, and a wave of healing swept across her. Eor the first time, I believe, Joan Angus really thanked God in her heart that He had taken the child to Himself. The myBtery of that hard dealing was in a moment made plain, for had the child lived what name or place could he have had among his fellow-men ? At length the overdriven brain, Weighted by Its heavy burden of thought, pressed upon the eyelids until merciful slumber came. It was the sleep of utter exhaustion, mental and physical; so heavy and dreamless that when Kitty stole into the room late at night the tired head did not even stir upon the pillow. The falbh fnlgltl, with tears in her eyes, softly dre w a rug over. the. prostrate figure and stole away 8gain, to wonder anew what the trouble could be which in a few hours' time had wrought so dire a change. She waited until she thought her maBter had ample time to come from the station, Bhould he have arrived by the evening train from the north, and then, after another look at her still slumbering mistress, she retired to rest. About I o'clock Bhe heard her mistress stirring, and at once sprang up and ran down to light the kitchen fire, so.that she might have soon her much-needed breakfast. The early sunshine was streaming in at the window when Mrs. Angus awoke, and, rising slowly, she dragged her feeble limbB across the room and drew up the blind. Oh, how fair the Bweet summer morning, how bright the Bunehine, how green the leafy treeB in the gardens, how loud and glad the singing of the happy birdB ! What a mockery it all seemed ! For the first time in her life Joan Angus closed her eyes to shut out what had ever given her keenest delight She walked back to the couch, sat down, and folding her arms acroBS her breast stared in a vague, dazed way before her. A new day had begun—the day on which probably .Robert would come back. With what words would Bhe greet him —in what words tell him of the blight which had fallen npon them? Would it not be better far, she asked herself, to go away before he came, leaving an ex planation behind ? Would they not thus be spared' needless agony? Prudence said It would be the wiser way, but the heart whispered no. She must see him once more. She must creep into his arms and lay her head a moment on hta breast: Bhe must hear a word of love to carry with her into the desolation of the future. They must look into each other's eyes once more, reading there true, abiding love—ay, for the last time. Not one gleam of hope was cast npon the darkness —It was a vast, Intolerable, rayless despair, encompassing her like the black nesB of eternal night. The weary day wore on. Only once did • Joan Angns quit her dressing-room, and it was to wander vaguely and aimlessly through the house, perhaps to take fare \- well of all that had been associated with her lost happiness. It tried her strength, for when she again returned to her own room she was glad to lie down again to reat her trembling limbs, though there was no rest for the throbbing brain. In the afternoon the other two maids re turned to their duties—looking forward to brighter days, only to find that some new and heartbreaking cloud had fallen on the house. Towards evening a strange, deep peace seemed to come upon Joan Angns, a preparation, as It were, for the keenerordealshehadyettoendare. She was resolved to be calm, to Bpare Robert the Bight of the anguish which she could carry with her Into the dim shades of the desolate future; she would do her utmost to soften the blow for him. The day wore on, the ann sunk slowly to his rest 'mid a blaze of golden light, and the sweet summer dusk stole softly, tenderly, over the mighty city, The stars were trembling In the cloqdless sky when Robert Angus, with slow and heavy step, came np the quiet street to his own door. He had thonght himself strong to tell Joan the trnth, but now, when the ordeal was so near, he shrank from it with a great shrinking, He pictured the radiant face paling at the cruel words ; he pictured the light slowly fading oat of the sweet, serious eyes; he saw the beautiful sensi tive month quiver with pain •, ay, he saw it all. There were no lights in the front windows. Dining-room, drawing-room, and study alike seemed to be in dark ness. What did it mean ? Kitty answered his knock, and he wondered why the girl looked so anxious and pale. "Oh, Bir, I am so glad you have come back," Bhe said quickly, "I thonght you never would come. This has been such a long, terrible day." " Why ? Tour mistress Is well, I hope. "Why ia the house in darkness? "What has happened ?" he asked quickly. *s Mrs. Angns Is not well, sir. She has been very ill since yesterday. I think she has had some bad news or something. It is a ter.ible trouble, any way," said Kitty, anxiouB to prepare her maBter for the change In his wife. " Where is she ?" he asked briefly. " In her dressing-room, sir. I think she expected you about nine to night." Robert Angus did not hear the latter part of the girl's sentence, being already half way upstairs. The door of the dressing-room waB a little ajar, and a broad line of light Bhed by the glowing fire was casb npon the crimson carpet on the landing. ItB velvet pile deadened his footfall, and he reached the door wlthont disturbing the Inmate of the room. He saw the recnmbent figure, the dark hair lying loosely over the white dreBsIng gown, but he could not see the face. He entered the room, closed the door, and his wife sprang np. " My darling! my darling! Has the blow fallen already? Am I spared the pain from which, God help me, 1 have ehrunk too long?" he cried hoarsely, and gathered her In his arms as if he would never let her go again. For a minute or so she lay still in his arms with her white face drooped npon his breast so still that he was afraid. " Speak to me, Joan. My wife, my darling," he said almost wildly. " Let me see your face. What Is it has happened to yon ? Have you fonnd oub what has made the past few weeks one prolonged agony to me ?" " Kiss me, Robert, only once," she said In a low, still voice, and raised her color less lips to his. He kisBed her, not once, bntagalnandyet again, calling her by every endearing name until at length she drew herself very gently away. " Let me go now," she said very qnietly. "Tell me what you were talking aboub? What blow do yon refer to ? Do yon know that Amy Burnett, your former wife, is still alive ?" . "Yes, I know. How and when, my poor darling, did you discover lb?" he asked, controlling himself by a mighty effort. " Yesterday, at Lady Finch's. You knew Bhe would there ? How long have you known It?" she asked, In low, clear, passionless tones. " Since the day Eric died," he answered, almost as one might have answered to a judge. " That Ih three months ago. • Why was I kept in ignorance so long?" •'Joan!—wife! Don't look at me with those eyes !" ,he exclaimed hoarsely. " Oh, my darling, if yon only knew how I had been tempted .and tried. Iconld not have told you then. It would have killed you." " I—I thought you loved me," she said unsteadily, but swayed a little where she Btood, but when he would have pub an arm about her Bhe waved him back. " You have allowed me for three months to occupy a false position," she continued, and her clear eyes looked bright and fear less into his. ." What have L done to be so treated? Did you nob know me well enough to feel sure that any certainty, however terrible, would be preferable to that ?" "Do not.be so hard npon me, Joan Let me plead my case with you. I have been weak, erring, unjusb to you if you will, but it was because I loved you, Look at me, and tell me If you think I have not suffered " " How long would you have continued to deceive me bad I not discovered the truth for myself ?" Bhe Interrupted. " Be more merciful, Joan!" fell hoarsely from Robert Angus's lips, " Believe me when I Bwear to you that I was on my way to tell you the whole troth. My father knows, so will hlB wife by this time. Do nob let me plead in vain for forgiveness. Oh, my wife ! my wife !" " Go—away—for a little, please, if you love me, Robert," she added with great difficulty; " just a little while, please. I must be alone. I cannot bear it." Her look was so imploring, so Intense, that he dared not. demur or disobey. When she was once more alone a great dimness came before Joan Angas's eyes and she sank on her knees before the coach, The final blow had come, the idol she had set up for herself to worship was shattered to atoms at her feet. The hus band she had adored and reverenced as a king among his fellows, a man upright and honorable above any she had ever met, was only common clay. She bowed her head upon her clasped hands, and one voiceless prayer ascended from her breaking heart—" Let me die !" 