NOVEL. ? v ? ? Hale-Weston. By M. E. SEAWELL {in LippincoU'a). (continued.) Ciiapibb IX. Although tiio weather had boon hot and bright in. Now York, it wns cold and stormy for moro than a week nt Hale-Weston. Mrs. Weston, -who loved warmth and light, had an exouso for haviug a littlo ohoory firo lighted in hor own littlo sitting-room, up-staira, in tho corner of tho wing. Algy and Miss Fisher woro thon married and temporarily domiciled at Hulo-Woston. Mrs. Angela had never, in all tho months boforo, so wearied of Maria as in that ono weokof rain and clouds. Sho oould not oven got ovor to Mrs. Thorpo at Broomhill in tho uf teruoons to hear what was going on in the county. Dr. Peyton hud spout ono ovening with thorn ; he camo ofton . now, to seo Mr. Weston, who was strangely ailing of late, though not ho ill as Henry Weston imagined. On tho fifth afternoon of wind and rain, Mrs. Weaton began to suffer for company. Sho so»t over to Sparrow Point for Anno Brandon to como and stay with hor. Anno arrived about iivo o'olook. Maria who was delighted to play hostess, mother at tho door: ' So glad to seo you ! Mother,' — for bo sho called Mrs. Weston, to that lady's wrath, who could not, howovor, forbid hor son's wife to do what custom required of daughtersin law in thoao days, — ' mother is not woll. She is.up-staira. I will show you up. You turn to tho loft ? ' 'Don't troublo yourself,' Baid Auno,coolly, who was kind to Maria on tho whole, but who objected to being patronized by hor. * I have known tho way perfectly well ovor sinoo I oould remombor.' Mrs. Weston, too, was delighted to see Anno. Sho kissed her, and put her down in a great chair near tho firo, and told her how noarshocamoto sending tho coaoh after hor just to plaguo Maria. ' But if you aro ovor my daughter-in-law, Anne, you shall havo ttoo coaoh to return your wedding visits in, and I'll pay the visits ?with you. That's a promise' At this, Anno's oheoks turned so beauti fully red that Mrs. Weston concluded sho need not trouble herself any more' about Anno's perversouoss. Girls do not blush that way for nothing. ? You will novor havo another daughterin law as obedient as Maria. Sho is deathly afraid of you.' _ 'I know sho is,' ropliod Mrs. Woston, nod ding her head, ' nnd I mean to keep her ho. Now, if— I don't say it's cortain, by any means ; I am only speaking of possibilities — you and Henry should muko a match, you woujd to tho most independent daughtorin lawin tho world, nud Henry would make the most uncompromising son-in-law. Mi-. Bran don would not bo ablo to frighton him any moro than I coidd frighten you.' Mrs. Wostou was in great good humour. Tho idea of tho way Honry would rout Mr. Brandon tioklcd hor immensely. 'Dear Mrs. Weston,1 said Anne, quite out of pationoe, ? youmako mo dreudfuUy unoom fortablo. If you want to muko Honry and me hato eaoh other, just go on in that way for a littlo whilo.' Mrs. Weston would not dosist immediately: 'Maria is already jealous of you. I don't do anything to roliovo her mind, you may do pend upon it.' But Anno, rosolutoly turning tho con versation, got Mrs. Weston off a topio that was very pleasing to hor, but very embarrass ing to Anno. Presently Mrs. Woston got baek to Henry. It was gonorally understood that Honry Woston would oome homo for tho sammor at all ovonts. Ho might oomo any week,— any day, almost. Mrs. Weston had heard throngh tho Chovalier Vaughan that Honry was woll, and staying at Fontaino bleau. Tho lottor ha&tomng; Honry's do parturohad ovidontly not readied Franco at that timo. Mrs. Woston had not hoard from Honry for seven wooks, and bo imagined ho had started for America immediately on ro ceiving hor lottor. Ho had probably written on tho ohanco of tho lottor getting to hor first, butthe eamo winds that kept him baok would koep tho letter back too. Mrs. Woston was not uneasy. Sho was ono of those well balanced, strong-norved women who reason naturally about things and do not borrow troublo. Presently they wont down-stairs and had tea in tho vast old dining-room, Mr. Woston looking palo and ill as they sat at table. An extra place was put, which Mrs. Woston, soo ing Anno glancing at, ns if oxpeoting another guest, explained with a happy smilo was Heotor's doing. Ever Binoe Henry had boen ?written for, and long boforo it was possible ho could reaoh Now York, that pluoohad beon sot for him at every meal. Hootor, whoso woplhud grown a littlo grayor, grinned with doligutatthoproBpeotof Henry's homocom ing. 'When littlo Mnrso come, — I o'yarn call him nuttin' but dut for tor save mo, ? ho gm1 flu' ho place all Hot ; an' he mammy' — this was Kosdah, Hector's wifo — ' sho keep ho bed sheeted, nn' ho bureau full o' dom nice whiio shuts o' his'n, an' sho stay so in trusted wid dem conjuroments in dat room, . sho ain' got timo fer tor men' my oloso.' This wan confided in a rospectful whisper to Anno,_who blushed again at finding horself theobjeotof all information boarintr upon Honry. Still, to bo courted, and invited into tho family and made lovo to as it wcro by ovorybodyfrom Mrs. Woston down to Hootor and ICoziah, was certainly flattoring. Aftor tea they wont tho hall alcove, whero : a firo was lighted, nnd Mr. Weston drow up sniveling to tho blaze, whilo Mrs. Woston \- seated herself comfortably on ono sido of tho table, with Aliry and Maria on tho other. Maria rivalled Elizabeth Brandon in hor neatness and persiHtenoy in fanoy- work. Toinotto, a shy slip of fourteen, camo up to Anno, of whom sho wns fond in hor quiot, 1 tmdomonatrativo way : . 'Anno, won't you play battlodoro in tho ? hall with mo ? MissFishor — I mean Maria — a ? used to do it boforo sho marriod brothor Algy but now sho Bays it nrakos hor arm aohe and tumbles hor hair.' ; ' Cortainly I'll play,' cried Anne. ? It doosn t mako.my arm aoho, and I don't caro if it docs tumble my hair.' , Whilo waiting for Jnko, un nttaoho of Hootor's who described himsolf loftily as 'Morao Honry's bo3y-Eorvant,sah,' tofotoh .tho battledores and shuttlocook, Toinotto con tributed hor mite of information about Henry in Anno's car : ' I'll bo so glad when brothor Honry comos homo. Algy is very good to mo, but brothor Henry is the most delightful brother. Anno, you don't know how easy itis to learn French verbs from brothor Henry. And he takes mo riding, and doesn't scold bocauso I don't sit straight.' ' What; a disreputable-looking old shuttlo cock, Toinotto!' cried Anno, in roply totliis, giving it a toss that sent it up to tho coiling. ' I'll mako you a bettor ono to-morrow.' Tho groat folding screen was putaorosstho spaco dividing tho main hall from tho alcovo. Behind it and ovor it tho warm red light of fire and lamp could bo scon, but tho hull it solf was only lighted by candles on tho tall silver branches ovor tho firoplaco, whio h gaped black and vast andfircless. Tho game was very merry. Toinetto who seldom spoko or laughed much, was in a perfect gale. Anno ran hither and thither, hitting the shuttlo cook every timo, beating poor littlo Toinetto's score uuinercif ully, but ho gaily and good humouredly that Toinotto was quite rocon oilod. Mrs. Weston could hoar their shouts of laughter as tho two girls scrambled over chairs in tho dim light, and with littlo screams, dnshod hithor and thithor over tho polished and slippery floor aftor tho flying shuttle cock. Sho liked youth and laughtor and merriment. Toinotto was so proternaturally quiet and Maria sinco hor marriage so ox coseivoly diguifiod that it was as bud as hav ing no young pooplo in tho houso at all. Evon Mr. Woston smiled feobly. ' It sounds cheer ful,' ho said to Mrs. Angela, who heartily agreed. But tho shuttlecock, already vory dilapi dated, got a final whaok that burst it opon, and Toinetto ran off to Mammy Keziah to got it tiod up, ho that tho game might bo finished Anno, balancing hor battlodoro on hor fin gers, went and looked out of tho side-lights to tho outor hall which was not so light that sho could not sea out into tho night. Tho wind Htill howled, and tho rain camo down in sudden misty gusts. Tho treos woro full of folia™, that soughed tho louder as tho blast rushed through them. A fow olouds Hcudded ovor tho dark sky, and far, far down tho dark uvcnuo, whore magnolias rustled their polished loaves, a truvolling-curriago was moving rapidly. Of oourao it was Henry Woiton. Something told hor of his approach and an invisiblo forco held hor to her placo from which sho could watoh his arrival. Tho wind and rain drowned tho Hound of tho wheels and thu horses' Iiooih. Tho oarriago rolled noaror and noaror silently. Soon it had turned in tho wido swoop of tho gravolled drive up to tho door. Honry Wcaton was leaning out of the window : sh& know it wus ho, although tho largo hat ho woro concealed hisfoaturcs.When tiiocarriagodrow up at tho door, tho dogs did not give tho alarm. The carriago door was opon, and ho was on tho ground and up tho broad stono steps at three bounds. Ho did not riso tho big brass knocker, but, turning tho knob at once, Htrodo into tho hall, and f aeo to faco with him stood Anno Brandon. Ho seized lier Huddonly, almost violently. ' My dearest !' ho said, and strained hor to his heart. By this timo tho noiso of the oponing door and tho rustling in of tho chilling brcozo had aroused Mrs. Weston and tho others in tho sorconcd-off alcovo. Mrs. Woston ran for ward with a delighted cry : 'My son ! My son!' In a instant thoy woro all around him. Not anything, not oven that French girl at tho hair-dresser's in Now York, who ought thon to havo beon with him, could utterly mar for Henry Woston tho joy of that mooting. Thero was Anno, who stood silent, trembling, flushing, and yet happy; his mother, who hung uponliim fondly, and tried to unfasten his great Spanish travelling-cloak, and cculd not do it for tears and laughtor; and Mr. Weston, who for onco touched thorn all. Ho could only hold Honry Weston's hand in his, and say over and over again, ' How glad I am that you havo como ! 1 was afraid you would not como. I did not 'wish to alarm you.' ' I cumo, sir, tho very momont I heard of your illness. Nothing could havo l'opt mo.' Two tears trickled down tho ox- oversoor's homely and somowhat foxy faco. ' It's such a comfort to seo you,' ho oriod. Algy, too, and Maria, woro smiling. Algy relished his brothor' s hearty congratulations, after tho lukowarm ones ho had received, and when Maria found horself saluted with a fraternal kiss sho folt for the first timo that sho was ono of tho Wcstons. ' I congratulate you, old follow,' said Honry, clusping Algy's hand. ' I saw you woro wingod before I wont away. You always wero a douced luoky follow.' Algy blushed with pleasure. His brothor' s backing was of 'jreat momont to him. Xiittlo Toinotto had slipped her hand in Henry's, and was whispering in his ear, ' I can rido tho bay pony now you havo oomo homo,' How sweet, how pleasant it was to him, aftor tho hair-dresser's family and tho shop with sixteen heads in tho window ! Then Hcotor hud given tho alarm, and tho housc-eorvautH camo flooking in, headed by Heotor und Kezinh. Keziah held him in her arms, nnd kissed his hand with delight. ' Gord bless my young marso ! Missis, ain't ho do han'somost thing you ovor Heed? Jos' look at ho h'yar, do way hit ourls !' 'Hush, you old flattoror! I'vo got somo thing in my trunk for you.' ' Has you, honoy ? And you thought 'bout yo' po' olo mummy 'way off in domfurgitious places ? I got a cloan shut for you, honoy, tor put on in do niornin'. ' ' Koziuh, fur do Lord's sako lot Bomobody elao git d'yar an' shako ho hun'. Como up houh, you niggers, an' shako yo' youngmnrso's, Imn b.' Presently, whon tho houso-sorvants had all shaken hands and blessed and exclaimed and yah-yahed, and Hector had mado a big bowl of punch to celobrato tho occasion and had handed it around, and Jako had bustled about putting wood on the Aro, nnd Keziah had gono off to got littlo Marso's roomready, thoy gathered in the littlo alcove. Anno was no interruption to tho family party. So intimato had they always beon that thero woro no rosorves botweon thorn. Sho sat on ouo sido of Mrs. Woston, still toying with tho bnttlo doro. Mrs. Woston thought sho had novor scon her look so protty, or bo happy. Quito naturally sho and Honry got back to tho old intimato, hulf- bantering way botwoen them, although to each tho other occupied a now attitudo. Thoir positions woro rovorscd. Honry Woston, crushing down in despair, felt that tho worst that had yot bofallen him was to givo up Anno Brandon. But, liko other wrotohed wrong-doors, ho put his wretched ness nnd his wrong-doing out of sight for a littlo whilo. It was almost happinoss, thon, to seo her onco moro. ' I supposo I ought to tako tho first oppor tunity of thanking you for tho charming fan you sent mo,' sho said. ' Of courso you ought. You might havo dono it half an hour ago. Eliznboth would havo boen moro prompt. I shall rcmomber Elizaboth in tho distribution of my gifts from Paris.' ' Do. I could always got anything I pleased out of Elizabeth.' ' Anno,' oned Mrs. Wepton, ' if I wero you I would flatter him until you boo what ho lias brought homo with him. You will havo tho wholo summer to quarrel with him.' '.Thank you, ma'am, for your advico. I shall bogin right away. His hair does curl beautifully. His noso, too, is straightor than whon ho wont away.' 1 Disparago mo as you liko, you will novor ma'co mo admit that you are not tho prottiest girl in tho country,' answered Honry Wbston joldly, with a glanoo of open admiration in his dark eyes. Mrs.Wostou laughed. Tliingsworo certainly going finoly. Thero was Honry making opon lovo to Anno tho minute ho saw hor, and Anno confused and vexed, but auytliing but displeased at it, if Mrs. Weston could read tho signs, — and sho thought sho could. It was midnight boforo thoy know it. ' To bed ! to bed !' oriod Mrs'. Woston, waving hor hand up tho stair-caso, as Jako appeared with candlesticks. Honry Weston gavo his arm to his father, who walked moro actively than for months up tho stairs. Mrs. AVestonran up liko a girl of twenty, and showed Anno her room. ' Good-night.' said Anno, ?bowing to tho group in tho upper hall, as Jako, flourishing a tall silver candlestick, prepared to escort her to tho door of her room. ' Horo,y ou, Bir, givo your master your arm, said Henry Weston ; and, taking tho candlo from Juko's willing hand, ho himself lighted Anno to her door, nnd pressed her hand as ho eiiid good-night. Do not bo too hard on him. Ho wus so unhappy. Even Mr. Woston Hmiled when ho rejoined them, und his mother drow him in her dress ing-room and shut tho door. How handsomo, how tall ho was ! What an jndesoribablo air of eleganco ho had acquired! No Miss Fishers for him. Perhaps thnt misadvonturo of Algy's mado Mrs. Woston a littlo moro eager about tho Hchomo sho was fomenting botween Anno and himself. Sho novor could feol altogether suro now until ho was safely married. She had boon taken in onco, and it behooved hor now to bo prudent. Anno Brandon hud everything necessary to mako tho mutch an oqual ono, except monoy ; and monoy was tho ono thing Henry Weston could do without. But when, standing over him as ho lay back in her favorite arm-ohair, sho Hpoko openly of this cherished plan of hers, sharpened by her oxporienco of ono daughter- in-law, a look sho could not under stand, and which gavo her strange forebod ings, camo over Honry Weston's faco, and suddenly, putting his arms around her, ho leaned his head on his mother's breast and uttered a groan bo dooj/, so full of despair, that it could only como from tho depths of misery. Mrs. Woston was a strong woman, but her nor vos woro shakon. Sho had novor soeu anything liko that, And presently, still holding to his mothor, ho told tho wholo wrotohod story. It would bo hard to dosoribo tho horror of disappointment which Mrs. Woston en dured. At first uho did not quite tako it in. With that strange characteristic of all womon in their judgment of mon, sho could havo forgiven him wiokednoss much moro easily than woakness. Whon ho convinced her that it was no moro escapade, but that ho had behaved liko an honouruble man, she was overwhelmed with despair. Sho wopt tor ronts of tours, ? and wrung hor hands ns sho walked tho floor. Sho reproached him vio lently, not for hisentanglomont with Joanno, but for making hor his wifo. 'I could for giyo you all, anything, but that !' sho gasped, livid and trembling with grief and oxoito mont. ' To havo marriod her, — that was tho real crimo !' Henry Weston looked at his mothor with a singular expression upon his faco : ' What wus I to do, mother ? Would you havo had mo play tho rascal P At loust I am a gentlemnu still. I can look an honest man und an honost woman in tho face' ' Can you ? Then it is moro than I can. What havo I over dono in my Uf o that I should havo to suffer thus ? And I wus tho proudest mother ! Oh, could you but havo thought of me, you would novor huvo mairiod that woman.' Something brought to Honry Weston's mind that littlo soono with tho tOhovalier Vuughun, so many years ago. Did'sho think of him thon ? . ' It is dono now i' ho said, sullenly. ' But it muBt not bo known. Oh, heavens ! Could I but sco tho Chovalior ! Promiso me that you will kcop it a secrot, at least for a littlo whilo. Spare mo — spare your futhor for a littlo whilo !' In tho extromity of hor grief and despair, Mrs. Woston did not know why sho asked this, oxcopt that second only to tho misery of her knowing this dreadful thing about Honry Weston was tho shame of having it known in tio county, and sho held on desperately to tho idoa that thoio wassomowuy out of it. And if Mr. Westou Bhould know it ? Mrs. Woston grow faint and her hoart almost stopped still at this apprehension. Perhaps tho Chovalier Vaughan, with all his brains and taot und worldly wisdom, might bo of help. It wns only a straw, but sho grasped at it and olung to it. And, just us Honry Weston had dono whon his wifo mado tho samo suggestion, ho refused, and thon sufforod himsolf to bo per suaded. ' Only until I seo tho Chovnlior Vaughan, — until I can consult with him/ sho urged, anxiously. ' What good oan consulting with him do ?' replied he, still sullen. ' Will consulting break a legal marriage ? for I toll you it is as hard and fust us I could make it. And did I say that I wished it broken ? I did it with my oyos opon.' ' But for your fnthor's sake— consider,ho is not woll. Sometimes I think ho is much moro ill than ho appears. Dr. Poyton is hero so ofton. Think what tho blow would bo to Li;:i.' It was nil weak, inadequate, if not worso, yot nt last ho agreed : ' But I will mako no promiso. It may como out any day. I may ohooso to roveal it ; sho may.' Mrs. Weston was thankful for ovon a littlo rospito. ' And I had plans for you !' she oried wooping, — for sho had molted into tears, and sat ou tho sofa opposite him, and wopt and wopt. ' I thought Anno Brandon would bo a fitting wife for you ? ' 'Say no moro,' replied Honry Woston, rising with a look that checked his mother's tears as well us words. 'Thoro aro somo things about which ovon you must bo silent.' And ho went out, closing tho door aftor him. Mrs. Woston did not Icnow how long sho sat thore. It was getting cold. With tho dull curiosity which makos ono wondor at such times how long ono hits siifforcd, sho glanced at her watch. It hud run down. Sho opened tho door to look at tho big bruzon-fuco clock that ticked loudly in tho upper hall. Undor Anno Brandon's door, on tho other sido of tho hull, sho saw a thin thread of light. It wus nearly threo o'clock. Mrs. Woston crossed tho linll and tapped lightly at tho door. ' Anno.' sho said, in a low voico, ' aro you ill?' Anno opened tho door. Sho was still fully dressed. Tho candlo flickered faintly, und tho broad burs of moonlight on tho floor — for tho night had oloarod ofE — woro plainly visiblo. Mrs. Woston's palo faoo showed that somo thing wns tho matter. Anna drow hor into tho room. ' Why do you look liko that ?' she askod. ' You frighton mo.' ' I'vo had a blow, Anno ; I've had a blow,' wns all Mrs. Wcstori could say, as sho sat down on tho bed and clasped Anna's hands nervously. Anno grow a littlo palo : ' Is it— is it about ? ' 'Yos.' Thcso two womon enoh know tho person in tho other's mind. 'Ho has had nn — entanglement.' Mrs. Weston thought it kind to tell her this much. But sho could not bri».g horself to toll tho rest. If only ho had not married hor ! A wave of angor, shaino, nnd all that ono could feol of pain swept over Anno. Ho had held her in his arms, end had culled her ' TloaroHt :' — and thoro was anothor woman 1 Somothing in hor faoo impolled Mrs. Westou to toll her moro than sho had intonded. ' Ho funoied his honour involved ; ho lmB dono whnt can nover bo undone.' 'I think I understand,' said Anno, in a strained voioo. 'At least ho has behaved honourably. Thnt should bo a gonuino com fort.' ' Do you call that comfort ?' oriod Mrs. Woston, soizing hor almost fiercely. 'Do you call it comforting that ho has sacrificed himself und you and mo to a shadow, — un idoa f ' Yes,' said Anno, in tho samo voico. It is vory hard, but it is right, I supposo. Any how, ono musttry to lovo whnt is right. But it would havo beon bettor for mo hnd ho bo haved wickedly und shamefully, bocauso, ul thoagh one cannot stop loving all at once, — nor can one lovo but onco, — yot if ho woro not worthy — I don't kn»w how ono oan stop loving just because tho man ono loves has hud ouo wouk moment. That is why it iB ho hard.' Mrs. Weston listened attentively to this specoh. ' Anno,' said sho, presently, ' I don't un derstand you : wo aro vory unliko. I hato folly much worso than wiokedness; but I know that if I had my way I would rathor that Henry should marry you, with nothing but tho clothes you stood in, than any other woman in tho world.' 'But ho is married alroady,' answered Anno, with tho ghost of a smile. ' I did not; say bo,' cried Mrs. Woston. Sho oertainly hnd not meant to say bo. 'Mrs. Woston,' answered Anno, 'ooncoal ments aro useless between us. I know enough ; and you know of mo what I onco thought I would havo died rather than toll you.' ' But itmuBtbo kopt very soorot,' said Mrs. Woston, and lialtod hero, and did not know what reason to givo, oxcopt that tho dreadful momont might bo postponed ns long as possi blo, ' for my nsko and his father's. It would kill hia father, I beliove. And, Anno, I ohargo you now with a message for tho Chovalier Vaughan, if you should seohim first, — a message which you must givo him at tho first opportunity,— just as soon ns you hear of his arrival in tho county, — because somothing might prevent mo. Toll him, for my sake,— foT.nty snko, do you hoar? — that ho is to say nothing about what Honry did in Paris.' ' I vill,' replied Anne. Mrs. Weston kissed ,her good-night. Her eyes wero quite dry and bright, although tears rained down Mrs. Weston's cheeks. As soon ns sho was gone, Anno undressed quiokly and went to hod. Of courso It was boat, al togethor best, that ho should do right, — poor Anno folt a thrill of prido in Honry Weston at that very momont, — but then ono must suffer a great deul. Chapter X. Mrs. Wosten, who had never had a day's illness hi her life before, wns very ailing after that. At least, Bho said sho was, and spent many days lying on tho sofa hi hor dressing room, with hor faco turned to tho wall, muto and hardly noticing anything. The uproarious welcome that would havo awaited Honry Woston's roturn to tho county was somowhat damped by the stato of health of both his fathor and mothor. Noyortho less, thore was a round of visits paid him, which ho retnrnod scrupulously. Everybody remarked upon tho vory distinguished and self-possessed air ho hod guinod in his travels, and a groat many pooplo said Mint after Algy's littlo affair Mr. and Mrs. Wostdii wero very lucky to havo ono son who must always bo a sourco of pride and grati-. fication to thorn. Elizaboth Brandon dis played to Mrs. Thorpo a suporb laeo hand kerchiof Honry Weaton had brought her from Paris. Mrs. Thorpo, in roturn, shewed a handsome laco cup from tho sumo sourco. Evon tho four Wickkara girls hud l/onl/on-hoxcs. ' How easy it is to bo generous when ono has plenty of monoy !' signed Elizabeth. ' But what did ho bring Anno f ' inquirod Mrs. Thorpo, consumed with ouriosity. ' I can't toll, to savo my life, whothor ho brought her anything or not,' answerod Elizaboth, plnintivoly. ' Anno won't say a word.' ' Depend upon it, my doar,' oriod Mrs. Thorpo, triumphantly, ? it is you who aro to be Mrs. Woston of Halo-Woston. I nlwnys know it.' Elizaboth protested that for her part sho had always liked Algy best, — ntwhiohMrs. Thorpo laughed, as well sho might. Honry Weston hnd, howovor, brought Anno somothing. It was a littlo heart sot in rubies, — not showy, but rathor oostly. ' I saw it ono day in a window, nnd thought how well it would look uround your nook, 'ho said. Anno noceptcd it, but sho did not wonr it around hor nock. In thoso days Anno wns muoh atHalo Weston. If sho did not go ovor every day or two, Mrs. Woston would send for nor nud reproaoh hor gently fsith forgotfulnoss. In former days, thoir talk had boen of Henry Weston. Now his namo was novor so muoh as mentioned botweon them, oxcopt when it could not bo avoidod. Mrs. Weston con tinually told Anno what a oomfort sho was to her. 'Not that thoro is any real comfort for mo now,' sho oxolaimed, despon dently, ' but because you would comfort me if you could.' And Mrs. Weston saw that in ministering to hor, Anno's soro heart was a littlo soothed. So these two un happy womon, aftor tho manner of their kind, drow near to each other without pro faning with speech that common grief thnt mado them kin. Whon Mrs. Weston lay on her sofa, weoping silently, Anno would sit by her, holding her hand, and not sponking ; but hor oyos woro eloquent. But for her, Mrs. Woston would havo botrnyod to thorn all that somothing fonrful was proving on hor, but Anno kept thorn all out of the room whon Mrs. Weston was in theso fits of depres sion which passed for illness. At thoso times Honry Weston novor camo near his mother. Yot ho expressed by look, and occasionally by word, his gratitudo to Anno Brandon, who know that not ono pang his mothor suffered was lost on him. Anno in no wiso avoided him. Aftor all, sho thought, it was as woll to got accustomed to seeing Honry Woston intimately ; and, thon, his sooioty still gavo hor a strange dolight, that, was not all plea sure, nor yet pain, but was somothing of both. Nobody to see Henry Weston would havo imagined h im a culprit. He carried his head ns high ns ovor, and was far from laying nsido any pnrt of his natural dignity. It is truo ho did not admire Anno so openly as ho hnd dono that first night ; he gnvd no ocension to anybody to smilo at his marked gallantry towards hnr. But ho did not avoid hor : nor did ho fail to oxert himsolf to pleaso her when thoy mot, ns thoy did ofton nnd inovitably. ? It is not ray fault,' ho would say to himself, doggedly. ' I cannot .run away from her, nor can I help trying to ploaso her.' Meanwhile, occoslonal letters, ill-spelled nnd written in vory badFronch, camo to him from timo to timo. But of this nobody was nny tho wisor. Honry Weston was not a man to bo questioned about letters that ho oither reooivod or wroto. Tho Chovalier Vaughan had roturnod within a month of Honry Woston. A day or two nf tor ho got bnok ho cnllcd at Sparrow Point, and, hoariny that Elibaboth and Anno woro gono to Broorahill for a walk, followed thorn thoro. Tho opportunity for whioh Anno watohod closoly camo witliin an hour of thoir mooting, and whilo Mrs. Thorpo was showing thom around hor beautiful old-fashioned garden, rioh with lilac nnd syringa nnd honoysuoklo in tho llrst glory of thoir blossoming. Anno nnd tho Chovnlicr wero standing undor a tall lilno-buih, whilo Mrs. Thorpo wns showing Elizabeth a now stitoh in orochotinn; us thoy walked up and down tho long garden- wulk in tho soft air. It wns now tho first of Juno. 'Chovalior,' said Anno, drawing down a blooming brunoh of tho lilac, lest hor faco should roveal somothing, ' havo you beon to Halo-AVoston yet P' 'I wont yostorday, — tho vory day nf tor I got homo ; but Mrs. Woston wns not woll, nud sont mo word sho would not bo able to boo mo for a day or two. I shall go again to-morrow.' 'Sho desires,' snid Anno, sponking vory Blowly, nnd with a vain effort tohidotho colour that surged into her ohooks, ' that you will not mention— anything — anything of importuueo that occurred to Henry Woston in Paris.' ' Say to hor,' responded tho Chovulior,nftor a slight pauso, ' sho nood not havo warned mo. I shall maintain, as I havo maintained, tho strictest silenco,' ' Thunk you, ' oriod Anno, warmly, and thon blushing still deeper. Tho Chevalier lookod at her keonly. Ho know somothing about women, and ho guosBcd how tho land lay thoro. Tho wood-violets wero lato in blooming that year. It looked as if thoro would be none at all. Anno was fond of thom, and often she and Henry WoBton as boy and girl had trampled through tho meadows uud over tho still woods in t£o spring hunting for thom. Tliis year sho had soarcoly Been any. Ono day, walking along tho path that led through tiio alder copso botweon Hulo-Weston and Sparrow Point, sho suddenly found a bunch of wood- violets at her feot. Sho pickod thom up. Yes, thoy woro tied with wiro- gress around a stout aldor twig, just as sho had shown Honry Weston how to tio thom years ago. Sho wnlked baok quickly to Sparrow Point, palo and agitated. In hor own littlo room sho kissed thom and wept ovor thom, and thon, lighting tho fow sticks of wood that lay always in tho firoplaco in oaso of a chilly day, she dropped thom in and watohod thom shrivel and smoulder away. It was some days uf tcr feis that ono after noon Juko camo over with a messngo from Mrs. Woston. 'Mistis folt kinder po'ly. Wouldn't Miss Anno como ovor an' spon' do night?' If anybody had told Mrs. Weston, somo yoars boforo, that sho would havo yearned for any other woman, — that sho would havo folt tho want of her own box and longod for womanly sympathy and companionship, — bIio would have laughed it to scorn. Yot that was just what had como to pass, ns it does eventually in the lifo of all Evo's daughters, and sho sudd only found herself, in a oountry in whioh hor wholo lifo hud been spent, with out ouo friond to whom sho could lay partially baro hor bouI, oxcopt tho girl who liad grown up with her children. Tho summons was frequent, but Anno novor disregarded it. Tho mngnolia-1ro:s in tho avenue woro then in their splendor. Tho econt of thoir gor goous white blossoms was all ovor tho land. Anno, walking slowly along tho shaded path by tho sido of tho avenuo, suddonly found herself standing within two foot of Henry Weston. They had beon alono together many times sinoo his roturn : but not so completely alono as this. Boforo, thoro hnd been Mrs. Weston lying on tho sofa in hor dressing-room, orolso paciug restlessly up nnd down tho poroh whoro thoy sat. Toinotto followed Honry Weston liko a dog, and' Maria was apt to bo hovoring about. But heio thoy woro half a mile from any human being. Tho low, ovor hanging brunches of tho forest growth on ono sido of tho raised path shut thom off com plotoly on that way, whilo on tho other, a high groon myrtlo hodgo had sprung uj1 bo twoen tho tall trunks of tho mngnoha-trees. Tho air was soft and balmy. It wus about six o'olook, and a hush brooded over ovory thing. Anno folt horself blushing and quivering ns Honry Woston took hor hand. Sho almost rosonted his coolness nnd fiolf- possession. 'I am on my way to Halo-Woston,' sho said. ' So I know ; und I camo that I might in tercept you,' ho nnswered, onhnly. Anno could hnrdly boliovo her sensos. Why should ho want to intercept her ? ' I seo,' ho said, with a half smilo, answer ing hor unnsked question, ' you want to know why I should waylay you liko this. Don't you know' — after a pauso — ' that I havo suffored hell itself sinco I enmo bnok? A man cannot always bo cool nnd reasonablo when ho fools as I do ; and when I heard my mothor' s message I fancied you would bn coming along horo about this tirao, and I know just how you would look in that broad hat, and tho expression in your oyos whou you saw mo. In short, I am horo bocuuso somotimos you draw mo so strongly I ennnot keep nway.' Tho colour had suddonly dropped out of Auno's cheeks. Sho lookod at him withnngor and resentment in hor spoaking faco. ' Honry Woston, I know all, more— muoh moro — thnu you suspect.' ' And I know you know nil,' ho roplicd. 'Don't you think Ionn rend facos— your faco, Anno— a littlo f ' ' Then you aro unpardonablo.' ' Wnit a little,' ho said, laying his hand upon her arm. 'You womon havo no fooling for a man. You think ho must not only bear iinbonrnblo things, butbonr thoin silently and in patiouco as you do. Woll, it is impossible. I know that I havo lost you forovor. I would if I could mako amends to— to — that other woman whom I wronged in marrying. I meun to do right, but 1 cannot sco you day aftor day and rotnain nlways master of my solf.' ' But whon you must rosign — wo must re sign each other, it is but a littlo moro to bo silont about it,' said Anno, in a low voico. ' Yos, so you say, liko a woman. Now, I say, liko a man, although I must rosign you, yot why should I not ? Good God ! do you think a man ovor loved a woman as I lovo you without telling hor so ?' ' You must riot speak bo,' cried Anno, breathlessly. 'How liko a woman you talk!' answered ho, smiling a grim smilo that hud no mirth in it. 'Always prudont, — nlways thinking first of what is right. Somotimos you talk a littlo wildly, you womon ; but that is all.' Hor heart could not but softon. What people did, and not what thoy Baid, washer rulo of judgment. And ho loved hor, nnd wns so unhappy. 'Tbat is truo,' sho said. 'Women can but bearitall.' 'Anno,' ho said prosoutly, 'somotimosl havo roproaohed you. Had you boen a littlo kinder — a littlo tondoror — to mo boforo I lift!' ? -.. ' Lot us not speak of that now.' ' Yon might in turn roproash mo. But whon I looked for a sign you gavo none.' Anno could t nly mako a gesture of silence to him as grout tours foil from hor oyos upon tho ground. ' It Bcoms so long ago,' sho said, after a while. ' Last year wo woro liko boy and girl, — porvorso, caprioiouB, trifling with our happinoss, thinking that no ohango oould ovor oomo. And now look ntus! How old wo aro in knowledge ! — how quickly and ensily tho gulf ? ' Sho (Stopped, choking. _ ' And yot,' ho said, taking hor hnnd in his, ' is not this triumph ? Could, nny other man hnvo won thoso words from you ? Ah, Anno, do not deny nny moro thnt you lovo mo. Be lieve mo, dnrliug, it does not mnko us nny moro wrntohed to know thnt wo lovo enoh other.' ? 'Don't you sco,' sho said, stumping hor foot, ' that wo must not speak of it ? Words nro ? ' 'Nothing,' snid Henry Weston, coolly. ' What docs it signify whotherltoll you with myoyesormy lips that I lovo you? Anno, thero is a gulf botweou us, but wo oun nt lenst onll to onoh othor across it for pity.' Thoy had beon walking slowly along tho path towards Halo-AVoston. Anno stopped all at onco. . ' I cannot go on. You must mnko Bomo ex cuse for mo to Mrs. Woston,' she Hnid, hur riodly. ' I will romnin nwny for to-night, if thnt is what you desire.' ' No ! no ! — that would novor do,' oriod Anno. ' I must roturn. I want to bo nlono.' Thoy turned and wnlkod along tho path to Sparrow Point. It ended abruptly in a clump of evergreens on the border of tiio lawn. ' Say anything ; raako any excuse. I will como to- morrow,' said bIio. Then tho two poor souls stood for a minuto gazing into oach other's hopeless eyes, nnd wont slowly their different ways in darkness. OiiAPTnn XI. All Juno and July, things woro in an un settled und tentative stuto ut Ilulo-Westou. Mrs. Westou rulliod bravely from hor de pression. Liko Henry Westou, sho know something of tho requiromonts of u French mnrringe. Sho Bont for tho Chovnlicr Vnughnn. Sho canvussed tho wholo thing Whon ho told her that Henry Weston hud taken tho vory most soourowny to mnko his marriage logul and binding, sho had almost shrieked with despair ; but yet it was hot in hor to yield to this despair. Sho hoped agninsthopo. Somothing might nriso. All was not lost as long as sho could keep it Bcorot. And sho really fearod somewhat Mr. Weston's displonsnro for Henry Woston if it should becomo known to him. So Bho lived with n sword ovor her. At what moment might not all bocomo known? Sho did not half understand why tho Frenchwoman should not demand recognition. She was a little nervous in thoeo days whenever she heard wheols grinding upon tho gravelled path. It might bo Jeanne ! As for that young por Bon, she was ns happy us sho could bo nny whero out of sight of tho bridges ovor the Seino. Truo, Now York, ovon with an unolo who hnd a superb shop, wus not equal to Purls ; but then eho had moro monoy thnu slip hnd ovor handled in her lifo boforo, nnd enjoyed tho dolights of idleness. Sho could, if sho ohose, spend tho wholo day at her toilotte, — whioh sho vory often did. In August, Henry Woston had oomo to Now York for a visit, prepared, if sho so required; to tako her buck tii Virginia with him and faco the world. Indeed, ns in duty bound, he mado Mio direct proposition to hor. Joanno, who read Honry Weston easily, saw that ho was not anxious for the momont of revolution : und, as sho oould stay with tho Loroux in Now York ns long as tho marriage wns not known, sho used tho old arguments: it would bo host to wnit nwhilo boforo mak ing it known,— although what they woro waiting for neither could havo tola. But concealment wns tho bribo Honry Weston would accopt iu hou of takiujr hor to Virginia with him, and a plenty of monoy and Undo Leroux' charming houso liold was tho bribe Joanne took us tho prico of keeping in tho background. Houry Woston's visit was meant to last somo weeks — possibly months — but again ho was summoned by Mr. Woston's illness. Dr. Poyton thought a trip to tho mountains would bonoiit Mr. Weston, nnd Honry Weston wns needed to accompuny him. Dr. Poyton's practice did not admit of his going, and Mrs. Weston did not fool woll enough to undertako tho fatiguing journoy. As for Algy, Muria wus tho obstacle in tho way. Mr. Weston did not care about taking her along, and Mrs. Weston did not desire hor to bo loft bohind. So Honry Wostou wns to tako his father to tho mountains, und later Mrs. Weston would probably join thom. Honry Westou, therefore, after a fortnight passed in Now York, was summoned homo, and of oourso wns obliged to go. Whon ho saw tho ohimnoys of Hale- Woston, and ro mombored that sovon huudrod miles sopar ated him from tho Loroux family and thoir guest, ho felt somothing liko a thrill of hap piness. Mr. Weston, howovor, put off from day to day his departure. Ho told Dr. Poyton that ho hnd somo arrangements to mako boforo going. Dr. Poyton understood them to bo testamentary urrangomonts, and, thinkiug thut tho interests involved in so largo a pro perty ought to bo attended to, gavo him a fow dnys' grace. . One inorniug ho called to sco Mr. Weston, and found him sittiug iu a big arm-ohair bo foro his iron safo in the library. 'I'm looking for a paper,' said Sandy Wcaton, as Dr. Poyton hud always called him bohiud his baok. ' Thorn's a paper I want to destroy boforo leaving on this journoy,' ho continued, feebly. ' It ought to havo boon destroyed years ago, but I actually forgot its existence. To-day I romemborod it ; but I can't find it— I cnu't find it,' ho snid, almost pitcously. 'It mnybo in horo.' Ho tried to turn a koy which ho produced in tho lock of nu inner coinpnrtment, but ho had not tho strength. Dr. Poyton's strong fingors soon accomplished it. ' I must find thut paper nnd destroy it,' ho cried, nervously. ' It would bo the cnuso of great injustico if it wero not destroyed.' Dr. Poyton was a kind man and a skilful doctor, but ho made n mistnko on the spot. ' AVait until to-morrow, ' ho snid soothingly. ' You nro already lutigued und excited. Try not to think about it until to- morrow ; tliou get Honry or Algy to liolp you.' Mr. Weston submitted to hnving tho safo looked and tho koy put iu his pooket. To morrow Henry Weston chould find it for him. But on tho morrow, ns ho sat on tho grcnt stouo poroh waiting for Henry Weston to ro turn from his ride, that thoy uiijjht together look for tho paper, ho wus so still that Mrs. Webtou glanced at him uneasily us sho paced up and down the hall with a book. His mo tionless attitudo and his drawn fnoo told it all. At thnt very momont tho Chovnlier Vaughan rodo up to tiio door nud dismounted from his rfiowy iron-gray nag ; nnd ut tho snmo mo ment Henry Woston appeared, riding-whip iu hand. Sirs. Weston screamed, — a scream whioh brought Hehry Wostou to hor liko a flash and mado tho Cliovulier bound up tho stone steps throo at a timo. Henry Woston run to liia futhor uud spoko to him : ' Futhor, aro you ill ? Don't you know us?' With difficulty Mr. Woston managed to utter, — ? xos. , Tnon, utter a pauso, ' I'm vory ill. I wnnt to sny ? ' Ho stopped. Heotor and Keziuh woro on tho spot thon. ' Put Jako on a horso and sond him after Dr. Poytou. Tako Blaok Prince,' shouted Henry Wostoa. Mr. Weston motioned foobly with his hnnd to tho ? Ohovulicr Vaughan. Mrs. Woston stood with u white, Beared fnco, gnzing nt hor husbnnd. Tho awful nud invinoiblo solomnity of death was upon thnt oommon-placo faoo now. _'I wnnt to say,' ho continued, with a piteous olEort, nnd stopping between ouch hnlting word, ' thnt I have— porf cot oonfldenoo — in Mrs. Weston. Ouco, sho angered ? mo —greatly. I saw hor in tho greon-houso— with tho Ohov — Chov — Vaugliau. I filled in— a deed. I huvo beon trying— to find it ? to destroy it — nud hnvo — a now— ono mado — — ' Wns his mind wandering ? Ho oould say no moro, but thoro wns un imploring oxpros sion in his eves; ' Nevor mind, father,' said Honry. 'Don't think of thoso things now.' Thoy got him up to bod. In duo timo tho doctor camo. Ho took ono look, nnd his ox perienced oyo saw that Sandy Woston would nover speak or movo again. For a day or two ho lingored, speeohloss and motionless thon died. Dr. Poyton, driving along tho moonlit road tho night of Mr. Woston's death suddonly romombored thopapor thodoudman was so anxiouB to destroy. Ho romomborod that ho had induced him to givo up tho search. It troubled tho oajolloct dootor. ' It is ono of tho most dolicato points in a' doctor's oxporieuco to know how to aot in thoso ciroumstnucos,' ho almost said out aloud. ' Howovor, nobody could foresee tho oud was so near.' So ho flioVod his horso with tho whip, nnd jogged along in his com fortublo old-tushioncd gig. Angola Weston wns onco more f rco. This wns tho sum oi tho doctor's reflections, nnd it staggored him As for Mrs. Weaton, sho was at lenst no lypocnto. Sho did not protend to griovo for mudy W oaton us womon who love thoir hus bands griovo for thom. Slio was awed, Beared, mid a little romoraoful. Thoir later married life hud beon vory muoh moro hnr momous than tho curlior pnrt. When sho cumo to roflcot upon thoso hist words fal tered out from tho fast paralyzing tongue, Bho understood thom, and, undoratandinir them folt more grateful to Sandy Wostou dead than sho hnd ovcrfelt to himliving. Ho nnl3 W T ;or J'»8tio° ! *-»? she roool looted wit!; a flush of shaino and nnger that more tliim onoo hor husband und hnrsolf had hnd words nbout tho Cliovulior Vuughnu. S-ho too understood thut half-intelUgiblo rofoionco to tho Jitto snono in tho greenhouse, which though trilling nnd inconsoquontiul ouough, Imd yot borno ovil fruit. Tho bit orost quarrel of their lives had followed botween Angola Weston and her husband after thut. (to ije continubd.) 