Why he Wasn't Hanged. " I hare known of a fisherman being visited by a ghost," said Eose, one of tho party, " and as I am an old mau I should like the story to be preserved. I was living some fourteen miles from "Worcester forty years ago, and was a been fisherman. One day late in the season I had a good afternoon of trout fishing in a brook which ran three miles from my house, and on the way home in a very dark evening wai drenched to the skin by a thunderstorm, in spite of my efforts to escape by sheltering here and there under shedB, hedges, and the like. Six months afterward I was disturbed in bed by a loud voice in my room, saying, ' Get up, and go to Worcester.' I started, rubbed my eyes, sat up and listened, but heard nothing, and there was not a breath of air stirring out of doors, I went ofE to sleep again; and was again speedily disturbed by the same cry. I now awoke my wife, and asked if she had heard anything. 'Certainly not,' she replied, but she did not wonder I heard voices, after the indigestible dinner I had made. This was small comfort, and again the words sounded, this time louder than ever, at my ear, . Get up, and go to Worcester.' I rose and struck a light ; it was 4¡ 30 a.m. and pitch dark, with much ram 1 could see. The idea of descending, saddling the horse (for my groom lived at a distant cottage), and starting to Worcester in such a deluge and with such darkness was not at all cheerful. But the same words sounded more imperatively than before in my ear, and, tell- ing my wife I was going to Worcester for the day, I slipped on my clothes, let myself out, and began saddling a gray. With some sur- prise I noted that, whereas she always strongly ' resected this process by leaping and kicking, on thie particular morning she was perfectly quiet and tractable. " I rode along the dark and miry chain of roads which surrounded Millington with ease, partly from knowing them perfectly, partly because no one was stirring, and toward dawn approached the Severn, now in full flood, where it was necessary for me to cross, if I did not care to go by the windings of the river (a much longer road) to the city. Here I expected to spend half an hour bawling from the bank till the drowsy ferrymen would be pleased to awake and come over to take us across. Curiously enough, as I rode down the bank I espied him waiting. He touched his hat, and said, 'All right, sir; I heard you shouting, and came over as quickly as I could.' Of course, I had never shouted ; but the rain and cold forbade my raising any question on the matter, and I thankfully got in, and was ferried across. I had about six miles to ride on the other side, and it was 7 30 when I rode into Worcester, tired and hungry. However, I put up my beast, breakfasted, and not knowing what to do, strolled out into the city. A ghostly summons had brought me there, but I had no further guidance, so one way seemed much the same as another. " Noticing a crowd pressing toward the Assize Courts, I fell in with them, and by dint of tipping and squeezing soon found my»elf listening to the end of a murder trial. The prisoner, one Llewellyn Morris, had juBt been found guilty. As I entered the Judge called upon him to say anything he desired against sentence being pronounced upon him. The accused seemed familiar to me, and yet 1 could not recall where I had met him. He was a little man, and appeared, while a crowded court hung upon his fate ^witb breathless anxiety, to be the least con- cerned of the assemblage. He answered the Judge respectfully, but carelessly, that he was entirely innocent of the murder, and was two or three mileB away from the place where it was committed. He had a defence, "a hally boy" he heard it was called, but he could not produce his witness. He had no idea who his witness was, but on the night of the murder he had been fishing, and had walked a couple of miles on the road home, till thunder roared and the rain descended like a waterspout, with a gentle- man whom he had met at the riverside. At length the stirra was so fearful and the dark- ness so deep that they had both diverged from the road into o neighbouring churchyard, and taken refuge in its porch until, half an hour after, the tempest passed on. He had con- versed that time with his neighbour, but had no notion who he was or he would clear him, as that storm took place immediately after the old man had been murdered, and it would ' have been physically impossible for him to I have stood in the porch unless he had been far away from the Bcene of the murder at that time. As it was, however, having no clue to the witness, he was content to leave himself in his lordship's hands. " At once I remembered that this was the very man who had stood with me in the church porch, and, rising amid much excite- ment, offered myBelf to the Judge as ft witness for the accused. After being sworn, I wrote down at the Judge's request, what we had talked of, and what answers the prisoner had made. Upon this the prisoner examined me, and the answers so tallied with what I had written down that the Judge delivered another address to the jury, and, deleting their pre- vious verdict, the jury unanimously and without a moment's hesitation acquitted him. We had talked, as it happened, of a curious legend ia a neighbouring lord's family, and the prisoner bad given me some information about the spawning of trout, which, as a fisherman, I had nntarally remembered; Years afterwards a convict at Dartmoor prison on his deathbed confessed that ho alone waB guilty of the murder for which my com- panion in the porch so narrowly escaped a conviction ; and so, you see, a ghost was of advantage for once, and let us hope, for the credit of fishermen, chose one of them to perform an act of justice in consequence of his gentle, amiable, and kindly disposition." 