CHILDREN'S COLUMN. SAILOR BOY DROMIOS. [Br H. H. CLABK, U.S.N.] (From St. Niehoat.] Very early one bright morning two row boatB, one flying American and the other English oolours, reached at about the eame moment a sandy part of the shore not far from the Egyptian city of Alexandria. Each boat had oome for a load of sand, to be ased in holystoning the decks. The English boat belonged to H.M-S. Alexandra, and the other to a famous little veBsel of the Amerioan fleet. The meeting of theBe boats, engaged in the same doty, was a trifling coincidence; bnt not so the meeting for the first time of two lads, one belonging to the English boat's orew and the other to the Amerioan. No sooner had tbe prows of the cutters touched the beach than each crew began to stare, one at the English lad, and the other at the Ameri oan boy. The boys themselves looked at each other in mutual surprise. " Say, Dooket," exclaimed the coxswain of the American boat, "may I never see a ghost, if that ain't yours in that English uniform there 1" "Look a' there, 'Arry," sang out an old English sailor, while he {pointed his big, stubby finger at Dooket; " if 'e harn't your twin brother, then I'm the Prince o' Whales 1" " Don't let 'em git mixed np," piped out a third sailor, "or they won't know their BelveB 1" So close were the resemblances between the boys, in stature, figure, and features that, had it not been for differences of aocent and nniform, it is doubtful whether they oonld have been distinguished. Indeed, the men declared with emphasis that if both boys should come into the foreoastle of either ship wearing the same uniform, unless they should betray themselves by their speech, there oould be no certainty aB to which was whioh. The men went to work filling the boats in great haste, for, as matters were in Alex andria at that time, it was a rather dangerous expedition. Meanwhile Docket and Harry, in spite of orders from the ooxswains and growlB from the orews, promenaded together Back and forth along the beach, each giving an account of his personal history, and ar ranging for a future meeting. By the time thenoats were ready to shove off, the boys were very well acquainted, and had appointed the following Saturday as the first day of meeting, when, it was agreed, Dooket should viBlt Barry on board the Alexandra. Just a word about Dooket and Harry. Dooket, by the way was only a niokname, given on board ship. The lad was the son of a Massachusetts clergyman, Much persua sion and no little coercion had been brought to bear to disenohant him with his romantic notions touching a seafaring life, but to no purpose, Finally he was oommitted to the Government bb a third-elaBB apprentice boy, United States Navy. Harry was the son of a poor London mechanio, who esteemed it a great privilege for his boy to be in Her Majesty's service, in any eapaoity. Eaoh boy was very clever and mischievous, though Dooket, having-had better advantages, was the better educated. It so happened that several weeks elapsed before Dooket oould pay hiB promised visit to Harry. One Saturday he was in high spirits. He had at last obtained permission to take the dinghy, of whioh he waB coxswain, and a orew of boys for the purpose of visiting the Alexandra. Shortly after eight bells, or the hour of noon, they set out out. From the yards of his own little ship, Dooket bad often looked down in delighted wonder upon the vast decks of the Sultan, the Inflexible, the Invincible, and the Alexandra, anchored near by. Then, it moBt be oonfessed, he wonld experience a feeling of chagrin that a great nation like his own should permit its prond flag to fly over the feeblest navy of the globe. Docket loved a ship almost as he might love a person. Indeed, to him a ship almost seemed to think and feel. Harrv happened to be on the lookout from one of the Alexandra's catheads as the dinghy drew near. He had already obtained permis sion from the offioer of the watoh for the boys to come on board when they should arrive. Presently the dinghy lay quietly, hauled out at the Alexandras boom, and Dooket stood in the starboard gangway, staring like a country boy at his first sight of Broadway or of Pennsylvania-avenue. Perhaps there is no better word than immense/ if it may be allowed, to express Docket's thoughts as he stood gazing fore and aft along the Alex andra's spar deck. But a sailor boy soon learns better than to stare. In fact, Dooket had now seen enough of the world to feel rather above showing suprise at anything; he regarded surprise as an altogether rnstio emotion. He therefore quickly reoovered himself and fell at onoe into certain sailor wayB. Giving hu oap a smart tilt and bia trousers a spirited hitoh, to intimate that he felt perfeotly at home on a man-o'-war deok, he started with his ousto dian to inspeot the ship. It was very clear to Dooket that the news of his wonderful likeness to Harry had pre ceded him. Everybody was Btaring at him, even the offioer of the watch. No sooner had , he reaohed the forecastle than tbe member of the boat's orew who had first noticed the resemblance, sung out at the top of his voice -" There's that there Yankee twin of' Arry'e. I never seen a better match a-tween a pair o' donkeys I" , The men and boys all laughed at this Sarallel from the animal kingdom, and >ocket didn't altogether relish it. But he made np Us mind that he would be good natured whatever might be said. A great crowd now gathered aronnd htm, and if he ] had stepped ashore np the Congou, and had there fallT in with a tribe that had never Been a white person, be hardly oonld have been an objeo( of more curious attention. He bad come to bm the ehlp, but it was very certain that If he and Harry had been oa exhibition anywhere within ten miles, the whole ship's company would have gone to see them. Finally an old petty officer, evi dently thinking tt might be a little tedious for Docket, dispersed the crowd by shouting . out, "Git out o' here, I tell yer 1 The l»a hain't a 'one, as is np for sale!" Left to Harry, Dooket began his tonr of the ship. If there was anything between the mighty steel prow and the powerful twin Borewe that he didn't see, it mast hive been something scaroely worth mentioning. The calibre of each gun, the thickness of the armour-plating, the power of .the motive machinery, he took partioular pains to learn. 'With Harry he discussed the qualities of .the . ship as a fighter; asked if she had ever been in action-in short, plied him with bu sorts of Questions. By the time they had worked around to the main-deok battery he bad an excellent idea of the different parts of the ship, knew Harry's stations at fire-quar ters," " great-gun drills, and so on; and felt that he oould almost duplicate Harry in his duties as well as in hie person. "I tell you what, Harry, he erqUimea with enthusiasm, as they stood beaide the eighteen-ton gun. to the orew of which Harry belonged, "wouldn't I like to belong to a ship like this 1". , . , . , - « You'd get sick enough of it befors yon a been here a weekwe gets harder servioe than you Yankee sailorB." .... "It would be easy enough comm if yer wants ter ship," remarked an old quarter gunner who was leisurely polishing up the ^ "I didn't mean that I'd like tobeloug to (hit ship. You don't suppose that I d dsaert, do you ?' asked Dooket, in an injured tone. 1 "When you gits older, you'll take higher views of these things. I've been in three or four navies myself. I used to be first boat swain's-mate aboard the Lancaster." An idea seized Docket. " Why not, he said to himself, " have a little fun out of this likeness? I might be Harry for an hour or two, just as well as not; and he could be i Docket. We oould keep our own counsel, and Bee whether anybody could tell the dif ference. Besides, I'd juBt like to see how it would seem to be under the British flag. This w&b; ft bold scheme on the part of Master Dooket. He was sharp enough, too, to appreciate itB diffioultieB. In the first Blace, oonld he get Harry to agree to it i If [any agreed to it, then oould he walk as Harry did? If successful in this, oould he talk with Harry's accent, if obliged to speak at all? Harry had the oookney habits of dropping his h's at the wrong plaoes and putting them in where they didn t belong, besides speaking ungrammatically. But should he succeed in his part, as he felt quite well assured he could, how would it be with ] Harry? If Harry were foroed to speak he 1 certainly would let the oat out of the bag. To tell the truth, Dooket thought Harry a little slow, not to say stupid. What was his ; surprise, therefore, when Master Harry not only fell In with the plan, bnt was eager to go further than Docket had dared to imagine possible. Dooket didn't know the depths of misobief that were beneath Harry s innooent e*When their plan was perfected, Harry led Docket to a recess in the '* starboard shait alley," where, unobserved, they exchanged uniforms. Everything came out right but the ties, Dooket fussed a while before he could arrange Harry's to look properly " American ., and so did Horry betore Docket's wonld take on an altogether English" look. Everything arranged, they stood apart and looked each other over. Quite as much surprise was depioted on their countenances as at their first meeting. In truth, they seemed to have gradually dis solved the one into the other. s . Holding their faoes down, and introducing a heavy roll into their gaitB, their started for the berth-deck. A shaTp observer would , have deteoted mischief in their eyes, and, in I fact, in their whole demeanour; but as no ' body suBpeoted what they were up to, they passed along this deck unohallenged. The berth-deck, however, was a little dark; how would it be on the main-deok? Gould they esoape detection there, they might go any where else without the slightest hesitancy. Very slowly they monnted the oompamon ladder. They stood for a moment by the hatch-coamings, then, not daring to look any i one in the faoe, they began their promenade. The men, however, only stared at them, or remarked with some attempt, at humour on their wonderful likeness. The boys almost langhed outright when one one of Harry a I ohums slapped Dooket on the shoulder and requested him to assist that evening in getting a new uniform ready for Sunday morning inspection. The " yes," whioh comprised the whole of Docket's reply had an aooent quite EngliBb; but it did not Beem to satiBiy the other boy, for he gave Dooket a quiok glance and looked bewildered. Before he could say anythins further, Dooket and Harry slipped away. Incredible as it may appear, they went everywhere about the Bhip from keelson to maintop, and never an officer, man or boy, weB any the wiser concerning the exchange of identities. ... The hour for Dockets return to hiB ship arrived. Meanwhile Harry had proved a most skilful actor. He now, with the utmost coolnesB, submitted a proposition the audaolty of which startled Master Docket. It was nothing less than that they should exchange ships for the night. He, Harry, would go to Docket's Bhip in the dinghy, and by hook or by crook get back to the Alexandra early next morning. They would then re-dress, each In his proper uniform, and Dooket oould take his chanoe on getting back on board his ehip in time for inspection. Ordinarily, Dooket would not nave enter tained such a proposition for an inBtant. Bat they had been so sncceBafnl, and deluding people IB so fascinating (particularly when no great wrong is involved as in this oase) that Harry found it not at all difficult to over come Docket's scruples. Now the plot had so thickened that it was no longer feasible for the boys to keep their secret. Summon ing the dinghy's orew, Dooket at onoe took them into his confidence, and Harry did the eame by two English apprentices. The whole party were cautioned to repress every sign of the wonder they might feel at the subBtitu tion. With rather stem self:demal, the youthful accomplices succeeded in doing so. But there was much quiet fun over the per fect innocence of everybody as to what was going on under their very noses. This inter fered somewhat with the arrangement of details; but at last, everything being ready, Harry jumped into the dinghy, and she was presently lost behind the wall-like sides cf the great ironolads lying between the Alex andra and Docket's ship. ITo It continued.) 