AMUSEMENTS.. THEATRE ROYAL. " Hamlet" replaced Drink" at the Theatre Roval last night, wheu a large " house" greeted the performance. Mr. Warner, as ou a previous occaaiou, made au excellent Hamlet, his repre seutatibu meeting with such approval and giving such satisfaction that he was called betore tne curtain at tuc end ot almost every act. Mr. Herbert Flemmiug as Horatio, and Mr. H. H. Vincent as the ghost, acted well ; the other principal parts being filled thus : Ophelia, Miss Gracie Warner; Queen Gertrude, Miss Ada Ward ; Laertes, Mr, Richard Stewart, jnn ; King Claudius, Mr. Albert Marsh; and Polo- nim, Mr. Oily Deering. To-night "Captain Swift" will be put on the stage, but for one night only. On this occasion Mr. II. H. Vincent, the popular stage-manager aud actor will take a benefit, the first ono for nine yean. THE ORPHLUS CLUB. The 14th smoke concert of the Orpheas Club was given last night at Aarons' Ex change. A remarkably good programme was remarkably well rendered. The uumbers were not new to the suscribers in every cave, but the opening one at least was all tho more accep table on that account. The first movement, indeed, bad been previously omitted owing to the extreme difficulty of tho tempo. Thus Saint Sana's trio for piano, violin, and cello was heard in Its ontirety for the first time last night. Messrs. H. Kowahki, Rivers AUpress and E. Strauis were the executants, and proving thoroughly famiiiar with their work, gave a truly admirable, render ing. The movement referred to as newly- heard was the allegro vivace in which the in strumental parts take each other up in synco pated time. The leaping motion of the subject and tho fact that short expressive phrases for the strings alternate with gushing sparkling passages for tbe piano suggests very vividly the ibea of some repeated utterance ot nature heard iu the solitude above the music of tho daucing brook. This curious leapiug motion is found again to a different theme in the andante. At first the ear rebels ugaiugt these jerky strains as contrary to tbe spirit of the slower movement ; but the sound grows upon the ear by repetition, and ut last, thanks in a great measure no douot to the skill of tbe players,' becomes imbued with dignity and pathos. Haydn's mucb- lovcd "Einperor" quartet, for violins, viola aud 'cello, was also performed, the artists concerned being Messrs. Allprois, Schmellitscheck, Rico aud Strauss, four young players, yet perhaps the beat the city can produce. Tbe tuneful in genuity of tho allegro was displayed with enspneas and immense spirit, and thou followed the poco adagio with the marvellous variations on the famous "Austrian Hymn." Where the second violin is allotted tbe air to tho variations of the first violin, except at the out set, where Mr. ScbmelHtscheck was Indistinctly hoard, the balance of tone was excellent, aud subsequently the rendering of the melody by the 'cello was pure and strong in tone and tender in spirit. Mr. Rice was in no way below the general standard, which was high throughout. In the minuet, tho crreat feature was the beauti- ful tone and broad style shown by Mr. Allpress. Mr. Edgar Strauss 'gave a first- rate rendering of Goltermann's adagio and tarantella (Op. 35), showing purity and right feeling iu tho former and playing, the latter, wbieh is unfor tunately common-plncc, with facile fingering and plenty , of spirit. Mr. Rivers Allpress played Svendsen's beautiful "Romance inG" (Op. 20), and M. Kowalski contributed Chopin's " Polo naise iu A fiat, ' with the subtlety and deep sentiment which characterises his rendering of these works. The vocal music included Mand Valerie White's " Devout Lover," a truly fine song, tho tender yet noble style pervading which gave remarkable expression to the lyrics. Mr. Thomas Gilpin was the singer, showing taste aud feeling In the use of a baritone voice which is very fresh and liquid iu tone. Mr. F. J. Hallewell sang a pretty new song. " Another World" (Lohr), which proved highly acceptable. The basso is unusually apt at the expression of seatimont by well- judged modulation of tbe voice, and the trumpet tones in the last verse, which was sung fortissimo , were all the more effective on that account. Messrs. Parkinson and Hallewell pleased the houBe with Watson's " I wish to tune my quivering lyre.' AU the artists were very warmly received during the evening. The second of Mr. Alfred Wybnrd's prome nade concerts will be given at the Aahfield Ro- creation Grounds this evening. A strong com pany ot professional artistes has been got together for those performances, including Miss Colbourne-Baber, Miss D'Olirera, Mons. Horace Poussard, Messrs. Gilpin, Cadowand E. Massey. To-night's programme contains some attractive numbers. 