llovtest, The Iidnight Prophecy Oi, BEIR OF STRATHS1EY TOYYRS. By Emims a Garrison Jones. Cil~hPER XVL-(CONTINUED.) " ecause I want to go myself. I must Sand see that child again, and be sure ait I aul not Imistaken. 1 must go, lditll : so don't waste time in words." "But, my lady. I beg your pardon," ntured.ludith ; "what will your guests ink ? What will my lord say, if he finds out T' "'My guests may say what they like," plied the countess, her eyes blazing. I shall leave mny apologies with MIrs. lonel Chudleig, and I'll explain to the . e when lie returns. I've nmade up my nid to go, and you need not try to dis tdeme, no matter how good your motive V bn." Judith acquiesced with evident reluct e, believiiig, as lie did, in her calm and .sight wisdom, that the step her lady about to take was rash and ill-advised Sine which miiight eald to unpleasant tw nooeo, t. any the least. the cunitess herself did not pause to aider; she only saw au opportlnity to :implishl the supreme desire of her :. rt, ani1 made :aste to embrace it. ince leaving the Tyrol, her impatience suspense had amounted to torture. : could never rest, lever draw a con ted breath till she went back and us ,1l herself whether or inot the boy bore Snthlispey birthmark. f lie did inot, and all her dreams and iilsea were delusions, the sooner she ; out her mistake the better. But te were her child, her own oillspring, ia great and perilous task lay before , for he should be reinstated in his iful place, and proclaimed heir to the Sdoam of Strathspey. o passion is stronger and more de "-.lined than a mlother's love ; and this .her's love for that little outcast nura of the milch-goat amounted to idola In her dreams, in her waking hours, as ever present, and a single thought it little, warm, milky moutl that she 1 in her first vision, thrilled her with mate tenderness. For this child's she was brave, and willing to dare .tger-even death, if need be. .re than once she had thought over axpediency of revealing the whole to, her husband, and entreating him .iher in righting the great wrong. he remembrance of his unbelief in I to her dream always chilled and ed her. lie would laugh at her for ". visionary creature; and she would iisettle bis perfect faith that the boy ore his name was in truth his son. uol a tender love for her great broad .1 husband, and the bare thought of g his happiness, plunging him iu and conjecture, was more than she sear. lust not be ! She concluded, unl enough, pierhaps, but with the S motives, to keep it all from him ldder all the sorrow and weary sus ýerself, and follow the faint clew 1 the darkandmlysterious labyrinth ad unaided. t you surely intend that I shall go u, miy lady ?' ventured Judith, as sled the counitess to dress for her mould be glad enough to have you, " she replied; "but I must leave \- e. There's no one in this house in trustsave yourself. I dare not 'y children in the hands of that woman. I mistrust and dislike a than I did at first, and I marvel lord persists in keeping her-and remaining. I thing she brought 'crk the first hour I ever looked '.r strange face ; everything has ans with mtesincethen. Astrange :k and diabolical," she continued, unyi voice ; a face one would not 'to forget. Judith, do you think ane woman, or anl I really going they suppose ?" lady!" cried the girl, dropping hI; " what do you mean ?" tily Swhat I say. Judithi. Ast I 'le woman ?" . ; ho says you are not ?" 'tilnd. But the truth is, 1 think ange things that I d,,ult imy own ..t times. .Judith, did you ever at thie awful face that glared upon lh-ildbed in tlhecrimson chamber, it when my babe was stolen, '- a . been the face of the D)undas i iu ny lady!" cried Judith, :,-.iblitia.t, almost beginning to 1r' s nit1 sure nough., " Well, I have Judith, many a time," replied the countess, quietly; " and the fancy is growing very strong of late. If I ass not insane, I am very aune, very wise, Judith ; and I have no human soul in the wide world to trust, no one to help me but you. I must leave you here to watch the Dundas woman, and take care of my children while I am gone." "But, for you to go alone-you, my poor. dear lady!" wailed the girl. " I am not a baby, good soul !" smiled the countess; "and I am more capable than you think. I am strong, and no coward in an emergency, despite my weakness and babyish face. So don't fret, my good girl. There-that will do. Ring for Sandford now, to drive me to the station ; I shall take the eleven-thirty train. Now send.in Mirs. Chudleigh, if she will come; and you must make all needful excuses yourself.. And--let me see ? No, I can't tell you when to send the carriage for me." Judith obeyed ; and in less than twenty minutes the countess enmeredher carriage and was driven rapidly to the station Mrs. Colonel Chudleigh looking after her from the hall-door with undisguised wonder, and the Dudaa woman watching her from an upper window, with an eager glitter in her black eyes. .. . ... .. .. & -·- CHAPTER XVI. AN UVNI:X'ETI:rc EiCOUNTi.R. "TIhre is a divinity that shapes our oends, rough-hew them how we will." says the itnortal bard; and a most nalignant and imisclhief-tiaking divinity it seeoms to be at times. But we must not stop and bewail over the rough angles and spintered fragmnents, but wait with patience till the whole is complete, and then we shall see that every seemingly adverse stroke was needed to perfect and finish the rounded life. To our human wisdom, it appears just the consummation of ill-luck that Colonel Gilbert Verney ashould occupy the same train, indeed the same carriage, with the Countess of Strathspey that morning ! Butt the colonel did so unconscious of evil intent, it is true, but the effects of the oc currence were disastrous enough. The countesss was thickly veiled, and although she was the sole lady passenger, it was sometime before he recognised her. lie established himselfcoutmfortably, read the mnorning paper, and heartily wished this veiled female in Jericho, in his ill-humor at being deprived of his cigar. Not a thrill of interest or curiosity as to who or what she was stirred his heart. The clolnel had passed that stage of life when one takes an interest in rail way acquaintarces. Long years of soldier life in India had cooled the fever of his young blood. He was now an eminently handsome bachelor, of seven-and-thirty years, a trifle cynical. intensely practical, and the betrothed husband of M1iss Julia Beresford, heiress to the snug sum of ten thousand a year, in her own right. The colonel was running over to Paris, where chance or fate had stricken down a fellow-officer and bosom friend with typhoid fever. The despatch reached him that very morning, stating that his friend was dyinlg, and had need of him. Colonel Vrnoev started down by the- irast tratn never dreatning what a terrible construe tion would be placed upon his most humane journey. On and on they went, the countess still closely veiled and incognito; the colonel perusing his paper, and longing for his cigar: on antd on, tcltaoghs all the seeml ingly endless length of England, for the countess was going down to Dover, and across tile Channel into France, and from thence into Tyrol, following the route her husband had taken, the only one she know Ihow to pursue. And i ish every mile she travelled, her courage failed. In the eagerness and ex citement of starting, tihe length and fatigue of the journey had not occurred to her. She began to wish she had hearkened to Judith's sage counsels, or at least consented to take her with her. It was terrible to travel alone and unpro tected. But sihe thought of the little flaxen-haired boy amid the Alpine peaks, and her heart grew strong again. For his sake shle would endure it all. At the first station the colonel got out and enjoyed his cigar, and returned to his seat in a much better humor. There sat this inevitable lady companion. "Can I be any se:vice to you, madame 1" he inquired, politely ; "get you any re freshmtents, or anything of the kind t" The lady gave a quick start, shook her head, and, drawing her veil still closer, t muttered an inarticulate denial. The Colonel turned on his heel, determined to leave her to herself. They got off at Dover, in the golden haze of September twilight, just iin time to catch the steamer .btids. The flash ,f the innumerable gas-lights, and the noise and confusion on the wharf, well nigh be Iildered Lady Strathspey; and the full setse of the terrible step she had taken flashed for the first time upon her. What would her husband say?'! She grew deadly faint and tottered where she stood. A burly porter, hurrying by, jostled her rudely, and site would have fallen but for the colonel's timely support. • My dear madame, do allow me to assist you," he exclaimed, passing his arm about her. For an instant the poor woman reeled, but by a great effort she overcame her weakness, and stood firmly on her feet. " I will accept your assistance, Colonel Verney," she said, as she raised her veil, antd disclosed her face, white and faint from fatigue and intense excitement. The colonel came to a dead halt, and stood staring down at her, as if he thought her a ghost. " Lady Strathspey !" he gasped, at last, "in Heaven name- ' - " I am going across the Channel, Colonel Verney," she interrupted, with dignity ; "' will you have the goodness to ;,as'st me on board the steamer ?" The colonel was a thorough gentleman. He bowed deeply, repressingevery vestige of curiosity, and drawingher arm through his conducted her to comfortable quarters aboard the steamer. While lie paced the deck, half an hour later, pufflling his cigar and puzzling his brain to discover what was the meaninmg of Lady Strathspey's unusual mode of travelling, the countess came gliding to Iris side. " Colonel Verney," shite said laying her hand lighltlyonhis arm, " you are wonder iing, nodotubt, what it is that takes me nut of Eglandl in, this ran-away fashion I" The Colonel howed and smiled. " I arn a little cnrious, I :coufees, Lady Strathspey," he replied. \- The ouantess stood silent for moment1 looking ur at the misty stars overhead, I her eyes full of 'deep and solemn c thought. t "Colonel Verney," she continued at last. "you may be sure nothing short of t vital interest would take me from my c hlome and husband in this fashion: my I mission across the Channel is one of life and death-to my own heart, at least. I am strong enough of will, but weak of body, as we women unfortunately are. I I did not intend that you should find me I out, but my poor, womanly weakness be- t trayed me. Perhaps it is as well. 1 need I a friend. Colonel Verney, I am almost I inclined to trust you, to ask you to help me"' She raised her sad, appealing eyes to his face, and looking down into their starey depths, the Indian officer felt his I heart thrill with something of the old, passionate admiration, that those same sweet eyes had awakened when he was a gay young guardsman, and Lady Mar guerite's lover. But the colonel, as we have said, was a thorough gentleman, a man of sterling honor. And looking down upon the woman hehad once loved, helpless and in trouble, he felt that he could be all the truer and more helpful in his friendship, because of that very love. ' Lady Strathspey," he answered, quietly, but with something in his voice that at once inspired faith and confidence, " I an at your service, ready to help you it anyway 1 can." If lie had been profuse in his assurances, slce would have hesitated i his self-pos session and simple candor won her confi dence. She drew hint to a seat in ashel tered corner, and there, beneath the silent stars, with a dash of the silver water in his cars, she began at the begin ning and told him all her strange story, wondering at herself as she did so, for an hour before lhe would have been the last man on earth shie would have chosen for her confidant. Yet now impelled by some impulse stronger than her will, she told him everything. The colonel listened with interest, and profound pity softened his keen, gray eyes. Old soldier that Ihe was, he could uider stand the deep yearning of the mother's love for her own babe. " I am afraid, Lady Strathspey," he said, when she had finished, "that you have been unwise in taking this step. It would have been better to have confided everything to your husband, and suffered him to bear his share of the doubt and anxiety. I am an old bachelor," he con tinued, smiling down upon her with pity ing kindness, "but I don't believe in any concealment between man and wife. Your motive is pure and good,but your conduct is open to misconstruction. However," he added, buttoning his coat and straighten ing his fine figure, after his miltary habit, "if you are determined to go on, I am at your service, ready to helo you in any.possible way." "1 shall go oil," replied the countess, firmly, "I will not turn back." "Very, well, gotoyour room now and try to rest. From Calais I will telegraph to my sick'friend in Paris, and I'll see you safe into the Tyrol and on your way home. Good-night, Lady Strathspey." "Good-night, Colonel, and may Heaven He strode away. and the countess went to her state- room with a lightened heart. CHAPTER XVIL A WRIITE LIe. The Earl of Strathspey held his word as sacred as his bond; nevertheless he told, what, in polite parlance, would be called a white lie, when he avowed his intention of tmaking a run down to Lon on. And white lies are about as dis astrous in their results as black ones, for if the earl I td not indulged in this one, ihe would have spared himself many a day of bitter agony. Since that afternoon, when, as ihe galloped over the Tyrol, on his return from the shepherd's cot, that terrible suspicion flashed across his mind, Lord Strtlhspey lhad not known one hour of rest. He possessed just the temperature to seize upon a silly suspicion, and magnify it, and brood over it, till it grew into a torturing reality. The sudden fancy that struck him, was that the little flaxen-haired boy, with a face so wondrously like Lady P'earl's, ntwas is scife's cihild. Strangely enough, it never occurred to this gifted peer that the boy might be his child, and the one who bore his nanme, ano was to be his heir, I might be an impostor. No such dream ever entered his mind ; hie fully believed that his own babe, marked with the scarlet cross, as some of the male Strathspeys had beent before himi, has been restored to him ; yet ihe harbored the foolish sus piciion that the little Tyrol lad, whose face haunted hiill day and night, might be the chill of his countess. He, lerhusband, thus dishonored her by a slanderous sus lpicion, yet if any living being had dared to utter such a thing in his iearing. Ihe would have struck him dead at his feet. Once in his mind. the fancy haunted him like a fiend. How else could he ac count for his wife's visit to the cottage, for her strange conduct, and above all her obstinacy in refusing to confide to him the cause of her unrest and depression ? At last the poor man's torture grew to be unbearable, and he determined to go back to the Tyrol and 'solve the mystery. He would find somte way, etther through fear or bribery, to force the secret from the glib-tongued old woman; and he would see the child again, and judge by its age and appearance whetherhis terrible suspicious were true or false. Accordingly, Ihe made his arrangements, and uttered hIis white lie about hIis run down to London. But instead of going to the metropolis, he went straight to Dover Harbor, and cross:d the Channel Sby the first steamer, little dreaming that the very next one would bring his wife over. From Calais hie started direct for Sthe valley of the IRhetian Alps; but mid I way, at a little wayside inn, Ihe fell ill. His constitution was like iron, butbit sanli beneath the incessant mental torture he rhad endured within the last few weeks; Sand for two nights hIe lay prostrate, seirrchled with fever. In his delirious, ntidnight dreams, he began to think of death, deathis far frots homte, andl wife, and children; dleath,. ith this hideous sus r picion in his soul. His wife's face, sweet, .and pure, and reproachful, zose upt before t him, and hIe awoke to the bitter wrong he was doing hIer, and detersmined to return to England, anl forever give over hIis al I aurl illusion. But the moment the fever abated he : tottered to his feat, and all his old, tortur. ing fears returned with double force. He ii could not go back ; he must know the a truth, or he should go mad. So, in opposiiion to the entreaties of a the Burgeon who attended him, he started ii off, white as a ghost, and only able to fi keep on his feet. ^.i' S The September sun hung low in the a purple sky, and all the grand eld Switzer p peaks glittered with his departing glory. a ons the afternoon Iwhen Lady Strathspey f reached the Tyrol valley. Colonel Ver- y ney had sent a dispatch from Calais to i Paris, and learning that his friend was p something better, he accompanied her. i At a small public-house, at no great a distance from the shepherd's cottage, lie lired a carriage and drove across the I smiling green valley. Divining with the a intuitive instinct of a gentleman, that c the poor mother would sooner seek her a child alone, he put her out at the edge of t the little coppice, and avowed his de- t termination to remain there with the t carriage until she should return. Lady Strathspey walked briskly over t the short space that intervened between t the coppice and the cottage, her heart I throbbing so wildly as almost to stop her breath. In a few moments she would know the truth, and ascertain whether t there was any proof of which her child might be reclaimed and reinstated. The sun dipped low above the western seas, the Alpine summits gleamed and glittered in their eternal whiteness ; a mingled melody of tinkling bells and low ing herds floated on the balmy evening air, but unmindful of all, unconscious even of her glorious surroundings, the countess hurried on. Half way across the slope of meadow land, a peal of childish laughter startled her, and just before her, clustered upon the velvet sward, beneath a 'giant oak, she beheld a young kid, all garlanded with wild-wood bllssoms, an immense Alpine sheep-dog, and a little boy in a scarlet smock and plumed cap. The little fellow was sitting astride the dog's back, dipping his curly head, and shouting with childish glee, while the great, grim animal lay, with his nose resting on his paws in the afternoon sunshine, as if lie enjoyed the sport. Lady Strathspey stood still a moment. gazing on the lovely pastoral picture, the tears streaming over her wail cheeks. At last sihe drew near. The dog raised his pointed ears, and uttered a hoarse growl. The countess paused in terror, but the boy's quick eyes had spied her. "Down, Tiger," he cried, pl, uting his brown, chubby foot on the anisial's head, and the dog obeyed. " Comse on," he continued; limi won't bite io, him only bites de laid foxes.' Lady Strathspey approached, and held out her hand. "Have you forgotten me, Roonmie?" she asked. "No, ineed, I knows oo-oo coned with other lady, long, hlong ago. Dat's soy kid, MIolly's kid; grmmuudder .ys it's my brudder-ain't it nice " lie replied, giving her one little hand. and pointing the other toward the kid, which was cropping the green grass-blades a yard or two away. She tried to anawer, hat her voice failed; the little prsttling voice thlrilled her to the heart's core. "Oh, my 'darling, my darling !" she sobbed, catching the child in her arsms, and covering his face antd hair with pas sionate kisses. He struggled from her arms, looking up with wide, wondering eyes. " What do make oo always ky ?" ihe questioned, atrifle impatiently; "ItRosnmie don't like folks to ky." "Don't you,. darling ?" said the countess, restraining her tears; " then I'll not cry any more, for I want you to like me. Donl't you like me, Ionmmie" " Oh, yes, Ronmmic likes on, an' he likes granmiudder, an' granpap, an' Molly, lots end lots." " \Vlho is Molly 1" "Mlolly's my goat-my mammy goat dosn't no want 'o see her '!" "Not now ; I'll see her by and by ; sit here by me, and let us talk a little bit. Where's grandmother?" "Tooking supper. We's doing to have tustard pie--oo 5Want some ?" Lady Strathsapey nodded, and took Ihis little round right arml ill her hIands, with a beating heart, almost fearing to look for the birth-mark, yet feeling sure it was there. "'Won't you let mne see your pretty arm ?" she asked. " Yes, indeed ! Does no want to see my pretty koss, too ?-look a there now !" lie cried, pushing up the loose sleeve of his smock. There it was! The Stratlhsey birth mark, the scarlet cross, duete and vivid beneath the white, tranusparent skin ! For an instant the sunlight peaks, and all the green valley, swant before the pour mother's eyes, but by a mighty effort she :untrslled herself. "Little ltonunie," she said, solemnly clasping the boy close to her heart, '" you are my own child, and as sure as 1 live, anid Heaven helps me, you shall bh your father's heir. C1IAPTEI XVI 11. IS Willl?l THI EARL 1s SATISFIEiD. On this self-same afternoon Lord Strathspey being unable to procure even so much as a saddle- horse, walked across the country to the shepherd's cottage. He was very weak, and his head pained him very badly, but the fierce unrest at his heart was worse by far thanany bodily suffering. He was determined to find out tlhe truth. He would never go back with out it. Yet in the very height of his jealous determination he felt angered at his own folly in suffering such a ground less suspicion to take possession of him. lie reached the coppice, and turning sharply round its corner, came all of a sudden upon a carriage, and Colonel Gilbert Verney strolling up and down in front of it. The two men recognised each other on the instant, and after one short breath of surprise raised their hats in mutual salutation. The earl strode on, and Colonel Verney took out his cigar and looked after him, growing a shade paler beneath his Indian bronze in his pity for the poor couantes, who, lie felt sure, was being pursued by her irate husband. "What the deuce brings him here, 1 wonder 1" muttered Lord Strathlspey, as he hurried on. - Midway the meadow the group beneath the oak attr.tcteil his attention. Sone thing in the graceful outlines of .thse woman's figure struck a chill of deadly fear through his heart. lHe paused, irresolute for the snoment whether to go or not. The picture before him was one of wondrous beauty; the great, far-spread ing tree, the emerald turf, the graceful figure of the kneeling woman, and the little Alpine foundling, in hie scarlet smock and jaunty cap, standing between I his two companions, the grim sheep-dog and the young kid. Even in his sus pense and dumb, incomprehensible dread of, h2 knew not what, Lord Strathspey felt a thrill of admiration ; and in after years-ah, years of bitter sorrow, too-lie had but to close his eyes and the lovely pastoral scene arose before him, framed as it was by the blue peaks of the Alps. He r stood like one in a dream, watching the i woman's passionate gestures. He saw 1 her clasp the boy to her breast and kiss and caress him ; he even canght a faint echo of her unrestrained subs. Presently she rose to her feet and turned her face toward him ; and the Earl of Strathspey whitened to the very hue of death, for it was the face of his own wife. For one brief moment Ihe was lost in utter bewilderment, unable to believe what he saw with his own eyes. And then a sudden thougiht burst upon him. lie remembered the waiting carriage, and waiting colonel, round the corner of the coppice. " Oh, Heaven I" he groaned, "it is she, It is all true. And hel her companion, her old lover. Curse himt! he shall die forit !" The words seemed to hiss through his set teeth, Iis face was ghastly to look upon, his eyes gleamed with a rage that bordered on madness. Turning ont his heel he strode back toward the coppice, and the countess, in her excitement over the child, had no dream of his presence. Colonel Gilbert Verney was pacing up and dowin before his carriage, evidently ill at ease, yet puffing at his cigar in an eminently stoical manner, when the earl burst like an euranged wlld beast upon him. "You unprincipled coward I" he cried, catching the officer by the collar, " did you bring my wife here or not ? Answer me !" The colonel was a cool, brave man, one who rarely ever lost command of his temper. lie caught the earl's hand in a grasp that seemed like steel, and removed it quietly from his collar. " Now, my lord," he sad, calmly, "have the goodness to reserve your epithets and restrain your temper, and we may be able to come to an understand ing." "Did you bring my wife to this place?" thundered Lord Strathspey. "I took charge of her from Dover, at which place I found her ill and unpro tected," answered the colonel; " and," lihe c;ntinued, in a conciliating tone, "for her sake I entreat you to be calm, and listen to what I have to say. "You took charge of her from Dover, did you 1" cried the irate peer. "What business have you taking charge of amy wife, you unprincipled villain I What is she hero for ? Answer me, or it shill cost you your life." The colonel smiled quietly, but his grey eyes were beginning to blaze. lie was not the man to brook abuse or insult. "Ytou must ask your counltess clhtat brings her here," he replied. "It is no altair of mine; yet for her sake, and the respect I bear her, I'I1 add that her ob ject and her motive are alike pure and good." " You lie!" stormed the earl, absolutely foaming with rage. "No good wife would indulge in such an escapade as this. You are a liar and a coward, Gilbert Verney, and 1 tell you so to your teeth. "Take care, my lord," said the colonel, with an ominous flash in his steel-like eyes. "Take care ,f what? Do you think I fear !pr,. you sueaking coward "' "Lord Sltrathspey, you shall auswer for your words," returned the colonuel, in hil caltn tones. "Not even for your wife's sake will I bear with such insults as this." " My wife's sake I" gasped Lord Stralhspey. "Oh, you sncaking hound I you shall pay dearly for this. Name the hour and place, and I'll put a bullet through your cowardly heart. You a soldier. lPalh! I'll have you drummed out of your regiment !" A s'ow crimsont was rising in the Indian oflicer's bronzed cheeks, and his eyes shone like lire. "Very well, my lord," he replied, "when we meet again all this shall be a- ttled." I '" So is shall," retorted the almost in sane husbaind, as he strode away. " I'll settle it fast enough, by blowing your braitns out. I'd do it now, if I only had a weapon, Go yonder, and fetch away your base comllpaion," lie continlued, pointing ever his shoulder toward the oak beneath which his unconscious wife still eat. " She is no wife of mine. .lromn this hour 1 renounce her forever. You may take her, and welcome, but it shall cost you your he;art's blood." " Lord Strathapey," uttered the colonel, makitng a step forward, his face expressing the sirixiety lihe felt, not for himself, but for the woman' upon whom these conse. quences would fall so heavily, " you are laborilng under a great mistake-" But the earl motioned him back, with a savage gesture, and disappeared round the copoice, reeling at every step; and before he had gone half a mile, he fell, as if a bullet had struck him, face down ward on the greensward of the Tyriol valley. (TO BE CONTISNUED.) Prof. Heilprin has written a book en. titled "'The Geographicat Distribution of Animals. A man recently bought a copy in order to learn why, when the distribution took place, '9 per cent of all the cats and dogs in the universe was awarded to the town in which he resides. It seems strange, but it is a broad-guage fact, that there is not a city or town in the country that didn'tgct 99 per cent of the cats and dogs When the Sdistributioni of animals was made. A prepon derance of horses and cows would have been preferable. 'Please. sir,'! said a dilapidated speci men of humanity, "won't you give me twenty-five cents to get something to eat? I haven't tasted a morselof food fortwo whole days." * You look healthy and strong," 'said the pemrson addressed ; " can't. you get work "I hare work. l am an author." I WVhy, then, do ytit solieit alnls ?" "I I am writing a series ot articli son 'H-w to Get Rich,' but I won't get paid for them iuntil the last one is printed."' SBetter die a.beggar than live a beg; gsr, . . . " ? . . 