REVIEWS. \- MISS MILNE AND L Xlt^MUn» and 1. By S. MANNINGTON CAFFYN. I Remington and Co.("publishorB, London: 1889. Mr. Caffyn has written a story which has not missed being interesting, but has missed being artistic It opens with a promise of Qabonoau A realism, but it gets further and further away from it as the story draws to a close. One thinks at first that it is going to be an ingenious and thoughtful, yot dramatic psychological study, but though the writer starts upon the track he does not pursue his cause with anything like consistency. Trenchant analysis is expected, but half poetic apostrophes prevail, many times he is on the verge of vivid suggestion, and always be Stops and bewilderingly drops his intention. There are strong sharp outlines here and loose unleavened tracings there. One sees a character that might be lifted out of the commonplace and developed with consistency and dramatic power, lot to wander unattended by the artistic sense of balance to an end consistent with the beginning, but in its passage inconsistent with anything at all. Miss Milne, the central character, is discovered by Dr. Ridley, the very pretty bore of the story, keeping a cigar shop in Arlington-street, London. He has been a doctor without a case. He cures her, and she straight- way labours for him-that is, w o, with female gratitude, sends him custom, and in good time he gets all the practice he desires. She has had a peculiar history. She had married a clergyman who was a bigamist, and having discovered this she flees his house with her little child. One gets the impression at first of a very noble woman. Dr. Ridley says of her " The girl's manners, the neatness of her dress, the perfect cleanliness of the tiny room, the character of the few books on the shelf, which were partly theological and portly well- chosen novels, contrasted most markedly with the startling absence of every comfort, nay, almost every necessity of life." Yet he makes this woman suddenly blossom out into a cynical brutal creature, who, because she falls in love with him and is not required, takes to the streets, and pursues him with blackmail, swearing that he shall never marry the girl to whom he is engaged on Edith Pelham, the daughter of a retired colonel. All the inconsistencies and transitions might have been relieved from the artistic improbability that surround them, but Mr. Caffyn has cavalierly let the character take care of itself and develop itself quite after its own sweet will only attended by his rather dover impressions. Miss Milne, was the simple daughter of a country farmer, then a shop girl, then a lady's maid, then the wife of a clergyman, then a vile creature levying blackmail, than a nurse, and finally a very proper corpse. Shot in fact, in order that she can avoid pursuing her victim, Dr. Ridley, no further, takes a dose of poison at the quarantine station at Manly, to where, without much reason, the story shifts. And over her corpse the silly fellow whom she has cursed without rhyme or reason, after quoting from Browning, moons thus :--" I did not cover the face, for now robbed of its wickedness, and its capacity for wickedness, clothed with a calm restful peacefulness, it was very beautiful to look upon now, and only now could I realise what this woman was with her devils cast out. The fact is, I had freely and fully forgiven her, even as God forgives. . . . ' But you have solved the great mystery now, my child, I thought you have gone through the thick of it, and the pain of it felt the fog in your throat, the mist in your face, and I almost envy you your knowledge. Then I kissed her and rose to go." Now from those sentences it may be seen that our author is not without some graces of style. But his hero, Dr. Ridley, is a terrible noodle, a man who flees before a shadow like a child, who is haunted by this ghost, Miss Milne, that he either ought to exercise, a or give some good reason why she possessed him beyond power of exercising. And just here it might be well to say that the author has conception without artistic power of working out his ideas, he has poetical ideas which degenerate into tawdry sentiment ; he has clever opinions upon men and things which he turns into 'a lofty kind of dogmatism which is frequently laughable. One does not laugh often, however, because the elements of power are all there, crude, but still there. The book stands a chance of pope fc, larity here. It's exciting enough for that, and it is local enough for that also, and local in a fashion which is somewhat startling. For instance, having suddenly transferred his story from London to Sydney, and straightway dropping the thread of his narrative at its most exciting point the author begins a chapter on Sydney of a slashing and bloodthirsty kind. There is a chance for the unskilful to laugh, and the appreciative critic to grieve. "What does the author mean by saying that our Parliament " has substituted the heartless iron-handed dominion of innumerable and illimitable laws that not " only rob the individual of the freedom necessary for his development, but strike at the very root of the one trustworthy political axiom, * the survival of the fittest.' " But taking so much exception to the book as is here done, it must be acknowledged that the author has the power through all the crudeness, incompleteness, improbability, and serious faults of style to keep the attention of his reader. It may be safely said also that no person living in Sydney who gets as far as page 180 will put it down until the end is reached, for the get a rare dish of criticism set before us. The story henceforth is' connected with the outbreak of smallpox here some years ago. How many years ago the author does not say. He is guiltless of any desire to put the thing " squarely " before the world, so he attacks our quarantine system as if it were the system of to-day instead of that crude and faulty and insufficient system which a Royal Commission inquired into years ago, a copy of the report of which commission is lying open, as this article is written beside " Miss Milne and I." No more scathing attack was ever penned, and no more exaggerated one. It is realism gone mad. , it is best to quote the author's own words bore : " When I reached Sydney I found the whole city in a ferment of excitement over a case of smallpox that had been discovered the day before in the Chinese quarters. The abject terror of the whole population amounted to positive panic Nothing else was talked of. The political crisis in England sank into insignificance ; whole columns of the daily press were devoted to the patient, his post history, and his present state. The most ingenious theories were thrown out as to the probably origin of the attack. Medical men by the score were interviewed, and their opinion set forth in detail. There were frequent meetings of the Cabinet, and not only the patient's home but the whole block was isolated and guarded by relays of police." This is refreshing, but the following sentence is still more effervescent. : " And so I awoke each morning to find myself more and more famous with the salary of a Prime Minister, with work that had been a daily matter of course in London and looked upon as anything but heroic with a popularity that a politician might have envied, and new scenes and now surroundings.'' Dr. Ridley is supposed to be appointed to take care of the patients at the station; hence the above. It might be stated also that the author Dr. Caffyn was really appointed to this position, so that he ought to be fitted to write with " accuracy and ease. He writes with ease. No remarks could possibly have the force of the following extracts, so they shall tell their story and end this review : , "And now finally behind the Pinafore I want my readers to picture being towed in an open boat half full of water, in the bottom of her and in the water a coffin containing the body of the man Cox, and sitting on the coffin four of the veriest scoundrels that it ever pleased heaven to create, even in Sydney. To judge from their appearance they were bad enough when sober, but now saturated with brandy and a sense of heroism, howling brutal songs at the top of their voices, they were absolutely demoniacal. They were the only men, as I learnt later on, that could be found in Sydney to undertake the putting of the body into its coffin, and over and above the excessive fee given them they had made it a condition that they should have a bottle of brandy each. The occasional opening of the furnace door threw a lurid light across the faces of the motley group that surrounded it. The involuntary groans of the patients, who had been dragged from their warm beds to be thrust on the open deck of an unseen unworthy boat-on a night, too, that was cold and drizzly \--the hellish shrieks of the men on the coffin, the painful consciousness on the part of all of us that we were destined for a place from which, if the reports that reached Sydney of the state of the quarantine station were to v. it battered, there was little chance of returning those surroundings combined to make the scene anything but inspiriting.". "And the carrion loving papers of the period. Did they not pounce vulture-like upon every man, woman, and child that escaped Government coffins and quarantine treatment, and, as is their wont, feed upon other men's miseries to fetch forth each morning at breakfast time, for months to come, volumes of disgusting details ? To these back numbers I must refer you, and in return for the sale of them, I shall expect the editors to greet my own descriptive efforts, if not as A piece of Inmost horticultural art, yet as an unexaggerated statement of astounding facts, to be received, in these days of pure fiction in novel writing, ' Not without a welcome.' " 