THE SILVER LINING. BOOK IL CHAPTER II.-— (Continued. ) " Confoundedly early hour to make a visit," muttered Dyke, as he glanced complacently in a mirror opposite and arranged a atraggling lock of the chestnut hair, which had a war of becoming raffled in his meditative moods. " Oan Pauline be so impru dent P These Frenchwomen are so impulsive! I wonder how she will take the news of my depar ture! Ah, 1 ehe sara saral'" he sighed impatiently, " I am to go hack to England, to orthodox respectability, and— to wedlock) no, not that; I cannot marry , unless indeed —— Good God! Dora! You here!" He started hack, with face blanched and eyes distented, as through the velvet portiere passed the fragile figure of a woman clothed quietly |in some dark stuff and with her veil thrown hack. Had a ghost suddenly arisen to confront him, Faucett could not have been more utterly amazed, so firmly had the idea of her death obtained possession in his mind. Dora, seeming scarcely to observe his agitation, approached the table, and, taking up one of the letters from the pile lying there, said in a low, sad voice, "So you have not read my letter, Dyke ; you did not expect mo, then?" He wheeled forward a fauteuil for her before he replied, in his usual tones, "Expect you? No. How should I expect you— here ?" " And yet," she replied, " I am here. Strange, is it not that the woman you left for dead, — the woman you hoped would die, — yes, Dyke " (as he waved his hand impatiently)—" there must be no more dissimulation between us — the woman you hoped would die has conquered death and distance, and obstacles of all kinds, and — and herself? Not for your sake, Dyke, nor for the hope . of any possible hanni'npRR hfifciepfin tig in fno -PnhnvA bat for our child's sake ; and for her sake she drew herself up proudly, while the soft hazel eyes flashed with sudden fire— "I mean to follow you to the end of the world until you consent to grant to me the right to bear your name." She ceased, panting slightly, and leaned back in her chair as if exhausted. " My dear girl," drawled Dyke, "pray spare me another scene; I have not yet recovered from the last. Compose yourself, and we will talk 'the matter over quietly." He poured some liqueur from a crystal carafe standing on a console at his elbow, and placed the tiny glass beside Dora., "Calm yourself," he repeated. " Taste this ; in the mean time I shall read your letter." He sank into a chair opposite her and deliberately opened her letter. He read on steadily, for a few minutes, gently stroking his long moustache, with no perceptible change of expression. Those words wrung from her heart might have been the whine of an over-pampered spaniel for all the effect they had upon him. Dora, without noticing the cordial at her side, watched Dyke anxiously. Seen against the violet velvet of the fauteuil, her face looked like Parian marble in its transparent purity ; the great golden-browu eyes looked larger from the violet ' shadows beneath them, while the hand from which Bhe had removed her glove was white and blue veined as the mareotis lily. "Ah!" Dyke exclaimed at last, laying down the letter, "so you refuse to allow me to provide for you and the child. Is not your pride running away with your judgment, Dora; my dear?" She sat up straight now, and leaned a little forward as she said, " Dyke Faucett, were I to accept from your hand now the alms von offer me, would not I go on through all the miserable future a pensioner on your bounty, an unknown, dishonored de pendant on the charity o£ the mad who for five long years has deceived me, and tampered with my faith in him, and who will deceive and tamper with me to the end of his life P O my father in heaven '" she cried piteously, raising her clasped hands, " is there no truth in this man ? no honor, no manliness ? nothing but the beautiful face, and the bad, cruel heart ? ' She covered her face with her thin hands, and rocked herself to and fro. Dyke Faucett never wasted his eloquence, therefore he sat quite silent until the Btorm should be past. Her next words almost startled him. "Dyke, where is the old man— Foster his name was— who married ub?" " Dead, I understand from a recent letter from Home ; he died two years ago," he replied, i "A recent letter?" she looked fixedly at him, and then the moan broke forth : " Dead ! is it not i ominous that all connected with that sad ceremony should be dead ? An- nunziata, my little maid, and the dear old man who loved to talk of his English home to you ; both dead, and only you and I left to tell the story." A little ghost of a smile rested on the sweet moutb. " Don't, Dora, don't get pathe tic, I beg of you," entreated Dyke; "all that sort of thing does very well on the stage, but in real life, 'pon mjr soul, it't — ridiculous," Ho opened his cigarette ense and proceeded no roll for himself some little consolation. Dora looked at him curiously, and then said, "Dyke, do yon mean to acknowledge me as your wife? do you mean to begin from to-day to undo all the wrong you have done me and my child ? Do you remember our wedding- day, Dyke, five years ago next March?'' How passing sweet and mournful her voice grew as she looked back, with her eyes full of a wistful sadness, on the scene of her marriage, through the "tender light of a day that waB dead t" " What a happy day that was, Dyke," she went on dreamily. "We were married, you remember, early in the morning, so that we might drive out to Tivoli and spend the whole day there, and come home in the sweet, Btill evening. Oh, how blue sky was ! and how the birds sang that day ! and the scent of the violets will haunt me till I die. And you crowned me with wild flowerp, and made me sing for you ; and then you told me of your childhood, your home, your kind ?nArdian. And whan T cpiaw and vdifch the thought of my dear old father, whom I had deceived for the first time in my life that day, how gently you comforted me ! — for you loved me then, Dyke ; you did love me then ! And when we came home weary— but, oh, bo happy!— hand- in- hand under the silent stars, you kissed me, and bade me go in and tell my father of my happiness. O Dyke ! is there nothing in all these memories to stir your heart P " There was no answer for a moment, and then — "Your father ; he is well, I hope," said Faucett courteously ; " and," a little nervously, " the child ? " Dora, looking steadily at him, saw the hands which were rolling the cigarette tremble a little. In a moment, before he could move or prevent it, ehe had thrown herself on ner knees at his feet, with her armB about him, and her lovely eyes filled with the luminous glow which made her face look too delicate to hold them. "Dyke, your hand is trembling. You do core for her— our little Marian ; she is so lovable and beauti ful. You cannot, cannot tear her from your heart ! " Passionate tears rained down, and the slight form bent and ewayed like a young tree before the blast; but Dyke Faucett had never, since his birth, sacrificed himself for another, and he did not dream of beginning to learn that lesson now. Gently he raised and .replaced her in' her chair, and then — " Doia, if you have quite done ranting, a thing 1 utterly detest— in the worst possible taste — I will tell you why what you ask of me iB impossible— at present.'- The two last words were almost in audible, decidedly reluctant. "My guardian, the kindest man alive, is the most obstinate of men on some subjects. I have told you so often before that it' Beems scarcely reason able to expect, me to repeat it, that my marriage— particularly a clandes tine marriage, daring the three years in which 1 -had' pledged myself to keep free from entangle ments — would bring upon me the in surmountable displeasure of the man upon whom I am completely depend ent ; who would undoubtedly dis inherit me, for he is not the man to pardon deception, and throw me— at 30' years of age, without profession, without the energy to work— upon my own resources ; and you know me well enough, Dora, to know that 'I cannot dig, to beg I am ashamed.' Now," he concluded, "if you will be patient and reasonable, and allow me to make suitable provision for you" " Why did you not tell me this before P" she interrupted. "I have hekrd nothing until to-day of your 5 remise to keep yourself free ulring those three years. Why have you, during all our married life, pro mised, from month to month, from year to year, to take : me home with you to England, and lift from my heart and head the harden of a shame which is not mine ? And' now there is ho ta?k of next month, or next year, but an indefinite waiting for another man's death. And in the meantime I may die, I am not strong, you know; and there is Marian- — is she, my spot- less lily, to grow up to womanhood with such a stain as this upon her ? Dyke, do you imagine that I will en dure this? Do you think that because I have been patient in tbe past — as long as I had a Bhred of trust in you to cling to— I will be ; forbearing in the future? Un deceive yourself ; the time will come when the vow of secresy you extorted from me five years ago shall be broken ; when, for my child's sake, I shall denounce the man who has treacherously forsaken me ; the man who is too cowardly to tell me the whole truth — which is, that he haB ceased to love me — the toy has lost its charm, the flower has faded iu his hand; it is but one more poor withered weed, to be flung aside wnen toeh flowers as this, while these (laying down before him two ex quisitely-painted miniatures of cele brated beauties of the day) bloom near bis hand. Ah, Dyke, I am not jealous of these beautiful women ; I can only pity them if they love you." Faucett took lip the pictures and carefully replaced them on the chef- fohnier, and resuming his seat said, irrelevantly, "You should leave Paris, Dora, and return to Tours ; it will not he safe for yon here. I leave for England to-morrow night." Her face grew troubled. " "Will Paris be besiged ? " she asked. "Assuredly." "Then I shall go. It would be terrible for my father— he iB very feeble now — and for Marian. Ab, I have left them too long now; I must go at once." With nervous haste she gathered up parasol and gloves. Then she came quietly to his side and said, with winning gentleness, " Dyke, I will be patient ; I will wait until you have seen and talked with your guardian ; I will wait one month from to-day, and" — her voice grow firmer here— " if you do not then send, or come foi me, I shall stand up and proclaim myself your wife, my Marian yom child, iu .lie face of the whole world." His face hardened into stone; a slight sneer disfigured the beautiful mouth. " I had hoped you had done with histrionics, Dora, when you per ceived how utterly they failed with me ; aud now, as you have seen fit to threaten me, may I ask how you mean to prove the truth of your assertions in regard to our mar riage? " His voice was quite as sweet and low aB when, under the sunny skieB of Italy, he had wooed her with loving words and promises; and for the credit of human nature, let us believe that this was merely said as a taunt ; but it struck like a sharp knife into the already bleeding heart of the woman before him. "Do you, then, deny me?" she c:ied in a voice faint with pain. " Is this your plan — to cast me utterly away ? Oh, my child ! . my child I" And groping with her hands before her, like one suddenly struck blind, she passed away out of his sight. | A drizzling ram was tailing as see emerged from the porte-cochere and turned her steps mechanically to wards the Bue de Bivoli, faint and giddy with the blow which had not been unforeseen, bat which had fallen none the less heavily for that. CHAPTER III. Heedless of the shower, Dora moved slowly along the BueBoyale, seeing nothing, . hearing nothing — numb with pain — until, as she turned into the Bue de Bivoli, a horrible noise aroused her, and she became conscious of a shouting, surg ing, excitedmass of human beings bear ing down upon her from an opposite direction, gesticulating wildly, bran dishing clubs, armed with stones, shrieking imprecations, dragging along in mad fury an almost insen sible wretch, whom they suspected, justly or unjustly, of being a spy. "To the Seine ! to the Seine ! Shoot him! Drown him! Ohien de Pru«- sien! Yive la Bepublique !" A piping voice: "Vive Trochu!" A stentorian voice: "Down with Trochu i" &e.;, &c.; Dora hesitated, turned to fly, and encountered a band of 500 "Gardes Nationales" marching to join their comrades on the Place Vendome with colors flying and drums beating, and supported by tbe usual acccompani- ment of blue blouses and -ragged gamins. In a moment they would be upon her. Stunned, deafened, wild with terror, she darted hither and thither among the maddened crowd, when suddenly her foot slipped on the wet p&jvement;, and- she went down, down under the brutal feet of a French mob. Fortunately the cry, " A woman ! a woman 1 isshekilled? is she hurt?" created a diversion, and caused a momentary lull, while a pair of stout arms drew her forth bruised, bleed ing, inanimate, as if truly dead. Hold ing her cradled in his brawny arms, the man, wearing the blouse of the ouvrier, elbowed hiB way out of the crowd, already dispersing before the advance of the National Guard, f He glanced at the white face, with its closed eyes, and long lashes lying on the waxen cheek, and at the thin crimson thread of blood which issued from beneath her pale lips, aud a thrill passed over the giant frame of the strong man, who a moment ago was hounding a fellow-creature to the death. " My God !" he . muttered, " she is dead, and I trod on her !" He darted with her into an open door of a patisserie at the corner of Bue deBivoliandtheBueBovale. Theshop was deserted; but, without releasing his burden, he with his elbow pushed towards the edge of the counter a huge glass jar of marrons glacees , and let it fall with a crash on the marble tiles beneath. "Ah, mon Dieu! what is this? are the Prussians in Paris ? are we all to be murdered in cold blood? " screamed a woman's voice at the head of the staircase! opening into the shop. The workman needed no further invitation. Gently, very slowly, he mounted the stair, guarding Dora's head and limbs' from contact with any object which; might jar her. The shrieks redoubled and were echoed by infantile voices in tbe shrill treble oi frantic fear. " Ah, what cowards you are, all of vou!" panted the ouvrier, depositing his burden tenderly on the nearest bed ; " and you call yourselves Frenchwomen ! Sacre bleu ! you are not the women of the last Bevolution. Is there anything in that dead girl to terrify you so P" He pointed to a the insensible form, and tho frightened women, who had covered their eyes awaiting the final shot, removed their hands and ventured to approach the bed. ThB children ceased their wailing, and crept on tiptoe to their mothers' sides. to sb continued.) 