brevities. Jupiter Pluvius rains supreme ! Allmrv Show to-day. Gippsiand .Province election to-< Polling 8 a.m. to 5 p.in. Candidat Charles Sergeant and Dr. Moore. It is said that the tanning of hu shin is largely carried on ip « The "leather” is-made up into lid ° Tho native population of Now Znalnd is dying out. There are only -UPOO Maoris now as against 55,000 m and 10,000 in 1874. Tho duty of 2s. per gross on eg?, boon passed in tho Victorian I arluyn t Tho raisin-drying industry is prov g a success in the Upper King district. | A Eutiicrglcn clerk frightening nolens females bv playing tho ghost, I ho anst was laid tho olhor evening, a stm-art young fellow having captured him and laid into him with a stout palmpitho punishmont nearly making him g? up tho "host” in more vnivs than one. j Peter Bruce, an old Ovens mineijand well-known Scotch piper, died at Bialla last week. , _ , l\ Tho AYarrnambool County Court |)^m haililT got six months for larceny. * The cost of tho Victorian civil segue amounts to £3,001,302, divided anjig 23.053 persons. .. 8 , Tlio cultivation of tho castor oil ]4ut strongly recommended by tho ' egetblo Products Commission. ' Mr. Ferguson, M.L.A., for the Osns, is going, to ninvo in tho Uouso fni.the abolition of tho ox.dso duty on fjba ;o. Castillo, the 'Malay who ;uni lered Aiuiio Thornton, at Carlton, sent on <1 to death. He will be strung-up on M idity next, unless a sickly-soutimentd public succeed in got! iug him reprieved, i Sir James Lorimcr, Minister tf V torian Defonco, turned up hid tn Friday, aged 5S. Air. Derham master-Genoral, is also ill. Sydno- polico actively" ongt sti]rpressir!g gamhling. Several papor publishers fined hoary lot rising sweeps and “ consultations*: Four■ mnro bodies recovered fni the Buhsided coal workings at Globe. | Mr. . Alloy has resigned thtfpolico magistracy, and is returning to Etland. . Two Brunswick bobbies, whogong fully prosocutod a man for bcin dis orderly, have been censured and jjlered to pay the costs of tho case. f A "foreigner who got two yea for having housebreaking implements! his possession at Kilmoro has boon idfeifieil as tho man who nearly " stiffencddJon ddo Vizznrd, of Carlton James Stewart, alius “ Slippers,’^om itted for trial on a charge of “ wel|ng” , Ballarat. t Tho analyses of tho waiter so fanow iat the Tan Yean is free from bins ingerous to human life. f Education authorities advocatingmi rmity in tho reading hooks of theate hnols throughout the colonies. Tho Govornmont proposal to inciso io duty on green fruit from 9d. tolGd. >r bushel is being approved of hyt cal towers. . . • {■, Tlio new Governor of Victoria hasten ivitod to tako tea with the Queen thro aving England. ft A number of boys at a Ballarat|’iot otory have struck work bocauspho boss ” stopped their pay for timo loin .tending a football match. I A Kiltnoro publican fined £o for alb ig dice-throwing in his pub. % A hoy of 10 attempted to drown ti ll f in tho Yarra last week, lleredijy isanity! ;4 Tasmanian Government propose csk a univorsity combining agrih «l lUlMUlOli/J cviau.a.Mp It d.and technical with other braces m.owlodgc.. ... . ........ . fiiliain Irwin, railway ticket c.lork i larat, accidentally shot himself wlii.j rabbiting. Died from loss of blond. s notbor railway collision, this timo : inin, in Gippsiand. A passeng n ran into a goods, both being great lagod. . Twelve persons were injure 