A TRIP ON THE MURRAY RIYER. Br DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY. II. It was broiling hot when tho steamer touched at Mildurn, and we mado, for tho timo being, an and of our journey. Mildura, as most Aus tralian peoplo know by this timo, is the soono of one of tho most interesting experiments of modern times, though tlio scheme involved is passing rapidly out of tho experimental stago into the region of accomplished fnct. In a few years' time tho district will bo tho garden of the world, though hot yesterday, so to say, it was nothing hut a burren and soarcoly accessible desert. Tho dense malice scrub, as yet unoon- quoted, lies all about tho scttlomont still, but suoh wondors of progross have already been mado that after a wook'a investigation of the district ono is tempted to entertain hopes which would have seemed extravagant beforo- hond. A busy colony, as tho olang of metal on motal Irom tho engineering work shops on the wharf testifies immediately to tho oar of tho new arrival. A colony of sturdy snu browned folks, busy, prosperous, assured and hopeful looking. The offices of tho local journal, hastily run up in corrugated iron, stand on the improvised wharf, and hold an atmosphere as I presently discover like that of a half cooled oven. The weather out of doors is fiery, but tho heat has something exhilarating in it, so that your spirits, as well as tho mercury in the thermometer, grow expansive. I set out almost immediately in tho society of tho editor of tho Mildura news paper to have a lirst general look at tilings, , and embarked in ono of the crankest landcruft, so I am disposed to fancy, that over ran on wheels. It was strong enough for anything, and safe enough for any kind of travel possible to a wheeled vehicle, but I never experienced any thing liko its motion, and I fervently trust that I never may again. Somo of tho roads aro at present in a rathor rudimentary state, and the trap, or buggy, or wiiatover it desorved to bo called, was so hung on springs as to allow of its pitching with tho utmost freedom in overy con- ceivablo direction. It was liko being in a miniature storm at sea. Agrecablo, and ovon exhilarating possibly for those who like it, but mightily discomposing to tho un initiated. I told my conductor when tho journey was over that many parts of my body had grown so tender in tiio course of it, that they might havo been eaten with a spoon. Through the vast property which has been made over by tho Victorian Government to tho irrigation colony an avenuo 45 miles in longth has been driven. This nvonuo is of an amplo and, indeed, nohlo width, and will by and by boast four separato lines of trees, whioh will afford complete arches of shade to either sido of it. It is a curious thing that ovon here, whero all interests in public works might bo supposod to bo identical, tho cheerful larrikin lias been found to amuso himself by uprooting the yonng plants or destroying the fonoos by which thoy aro protected. In tho main, one would say, the population of such a place should ba as orderly and law abiding as auy in the world. On oach sido of tho avonuo for considerable distances tho forest land has bcon entirely cleared. Tho rioh chocolate loam lias been subjected to tho last process which makes it lit for cultivation. Great areas aro already under fruit and vine, and the irrigation systom is already so far oompleto that noarly 400 square miles of country is already blesiftd with a permanent, sufficient and woll regulated wator supply. At first sight tho country looks flat, but it possesses onougli variety of . surface to afford the irrigating engineer tho difforont lovels nooessary for his purpose. All the slightly marked ridgeB of tho land havo boon taken advantage of, and thus tho construction of elevated canals with thoir costly embankments lias been avoided. My conductor, an absolute enthusiast with respoat to the capacities of the district, showed mo somo amazing instauccs of tho rapidity of growth in this rioh soil. Vinos have begun to bear in their second year. Shoots of fruit trees planted at the end of September aland already from 2 to 3 feet high. The virgin soil 30 foot deep usks nothing but water in this sub-tropic olimato to become fit to grow almost anything. Tho lands already planted have been laid out by tho liolp of tho theodolite, and tho growing trees stand in perfect parallelograms, so that the cultured spaces havo a prim and onderly look, in curious contrast with tho yet unbroken wilds whioh stand so noar. If you want to know what aspect tho site of these wide orchards woro four years ago you have only to mako a journey of an hour. You will find yourself in the midst of a denso malice scrub interspersed with tho wait-a-whilo and carpotod with malleo grasses and the spiteful Rpinifex. One marvels at tho hope wiiicii pushod men on originally into a desert so inhos pitable and so difficult of aceess. I cannot help thinking that I find a most cxccllont patient courage and good humor in the name bestowed upon that execrable plant, the wait-a while. If it had been loft to mo to christen it I am eertain that I should have striven to find for it something worthy of its diabolio attri butes. The needle tree, which is tho frequent companion of tho wait-a-wliilo, is a mild crea ture by comparison with it. Nature is not con tent with inhospitality in those regions. She is spitefully pointed and on odgo against intrusion. If she has any small benefactions . to bestow upon tho traveller sho hides it carefully. The only blessing horeabouts is tho water in tho roots of the malice trees, which has saved the life of many an ndveuturer, though many another lias perished of thirst with his dying head within a yard of tho strangely hidden vivifying sources. On tho second day of my visit to Mildnra tho thermometer registered 106 dog. in the shado. What it registered in the sunlight I did not attempt to discover, but lay for the greater part of the flaming day in my pyjamas, in tho society of an astounding old book on Australia published in London in the yonr 1856, and written for the express purpose of deterring all moil from buy ing land anywhere in tho Southern Hemisphere. A man, it appeared, might trade profitably in Sydnoy or even in Melbourne, but the idea of buying land in oithor place was mcro midsum mer madness, a tiling by all sano men to bo dis couraged. Tho author of this surprising volume is something of a fossil by this time, if ho bo still alive, but if ho does still linger anywhere it will bo interesting to know what ho thinks of his own vaticinations. My host at the station house assured mo that tho extremo heat of that day would uot last long. His roport of tho olimato at Mildnra is that it " boils over " and that having reached its boiling point it subsides immediately, and becomes again as enjoyablo and exhilarating as I first found it. Happily the boiling over process occurred that aftornoon, and next day the weather was ideal. My host and I started in company to look at tho boginning of tho work of clearing, somo six or seven miles away, travelling in a solid but light built buggy that wont steady nan rook over tho rough bush track— a very different vehicular contrivance from that of tho day before yester day. Tho accomplished Australian bushman is certainly a wonderful whip, and the way in which we threaded in and out, amongst the trees, turning a score of oorners in as many lengths of team and vehicle, would have been an astonishment to many a town driver who believes that be can "tool anything anywhere." The one plague of tho Malice scrub in oarly summer, the plague par excellence, is the bush fly, who swarms in countless hordos, which until one grows accustomed to thorn, mako life a deso lation and a ourso. We had been haunted by ' teasing myriads until wo had made half a dozen miles or so when, they kogan to lcavo us. A certain acrid odor of smoke in tho air accounted for their departure. As we howled along this odor became more and mora strongly per ceptible, until at last wo emerged upon an open glndo a mile or more in length, whore the trees had all been felled and where tho logs and roots were slowly smouldering in scores of thousands of pilos. Every here and there us wo drove, a ring . of spinifox would cateh fire at ono of these . smouldering lioaps, and would shoot up an extraordinary ficrco ami suddou iinmc. The desolation of tho forest itself was nothing to that of this narrow tract in the midst of it, scarred with axe and fire, and mado hideous by tho first of that serias of transformations which leaves it in tho end tho smiling fruitful homo of mm>. Away at tho far opd oi the smoking ridge a stump extractor was at work, and we stood a whilo to watch it. There woro no big growths here, and the engine met no foemen worthy of its Btccl wire traction rope. Tho rope,' which has a breaking strain of I forgot how many hundred tons, was looped under any k projecting knob in a- tree stump, tho word was passed, tho sturdily anohored engine clanked for a second or two, and before tho steel wire seemed fairly taut the stump and its roots camo out without even a pretence of reluctance. I had hoped to sco a real tusslo between man and nature, botwoen tho dead forco of inertia and that steam-hreath- ing thing of stool. But the man-built monster was only toying with his work that day, and did nothing that a hundred men might not have done by a united offort. It seemed something of a pity to think of the countloss thousands of tons of excellent firewood that had boon and would ha burnt to waste in the olearing of tho land ; but as things oxist at present the cost of transport is so infinitely above the value of tho timber that there is nothing for it hut to mako tho sacrifice. The next step in the clearing of tho land is to pass the scarifier over it, a process whioh clears it of every rooted weed and leaves it abso lutely hare of life. Then comes tho plough, and tho oountry is fit for culture. It looks all simple and easy enough on paper, and is indeed performed with an astonishing rapidity. But I havo seen in my travels no moro inspir ing and truly majestio spectacle than this of tho subjugation of wasto naturo to tho needs of man. Ho is quite an old fashioned philosopher by this time who said that the man who caused two blades of grass to grow whero only one had grown before was a benefactor of his kind. What of the sturdy thinkers and workers who, in tho spaco of a mcro year or two, have changed groat tracts of worthless desert into fruitful gardens? It delights mo moro than anything else in tlio world to think that tlio old British blood tells hero as it lias told everywhere. Tho originators of thi« whsirm nrn Canadians horn, offshoots of tho mother country in auotlicr clime. Some body was quoting to mo the other day those beautiful verses of "Wendell Holmes, whioh breatho tho true spirit of tho great hearted and large minded. American toivards the homo country : — IBs homo ? tlio westorn giant smiles. And twirls the spotty glebe to find it ; " This littlo speck tlio British Isles ? 'Tis hut :i freckle, never mind it." He liuiglis, and nil Ills prairies roll, Each gurgling cataract roars and chuckles, And ridges stretched front polo to polo Iienvo till they track their iron knuckles. But Memory blushes at tlio sneer. And Honor turns with fsoivn dcilaat ; And Freedom, leaning on her spear, laughs louder than tho laughing giant. " An islet is a world", sho said, " When glory wltli'its dust has blended, And Britain keeps her uoblo dead Till earth and seas and skies aro rended I" Scncath caeli swinging forest bough, mile arm as Htout, in death reposes— From wave-washed foot to lieaven-kissed brow Her valor's life blood runs in roses ; Nay, let our brothers of tho West Writo smiling on their ilorid pages One-half her soil lias walked tlio rest In poets, heroes, martyrs, sages ! Hugged in the clinging billow's clasp, From seaweed fringe to mountain lieathor, Tlio British oak with looted grasp Her slender handful holds togoiher ; With cliffs of white and bowers of green, And Ocean narrowing to caress lior, And hills and threaded streams between — Our littlo mother isle, God bloS3 her ! I lind not thought tho citation would provo so long when I first recalled it, but tho sentiment expressed so amply fitB and fills my own porhaps too chauvinistic British senso that I could not resist tho tomptation to find a plaoe for it. There is a nohlo "billabong" in tlio near neighborhood of tho settlement, whioh when looked at oithor end will hold supplies of water for tho wliolo of a dry season without trenching on those of the Murray at all. This maguiiicent lagoon is 11 miles in length, and when I saw it had most of tho beautiful characteristics of the main stream which feeds it. Its trco fringed marge is haunted by all tho multitudinous bird life of whioh I havo already spoken, and for many and many a year to come should afford the best of fields for sport. A monster pump ing apparatus stands on its shores, tlio delivery pipes of which are 4 feet wide, so that when they are half full there would he room for a man to swim in thorn qui to easily. Thero is another of equal power at a placo called Psyche's Bend, and yet another of about half the sizo at Niclioll's Point. There was somo talk in England in engineering circles whilst tlio pumps were being constructed out there which pointed to their probablo failure, and I am told that tlio constructor, when tho criticisms reached his cars, went mighty solemn and quiet for a lime, but having figured every thing over, ab initio, resumed a', perfect tran quility, his verdict being, "They'vo got to work, and they will work." In effect, upon experi ment, thoy did work, and criticism on tho most scientific linos went for nothing, as has happened in tiio like caso before to-day. The blackfollow was pretty thick about hero not so very long ago, and found it no doubt a happy hunting ground. Ono of my companions told me of ono of the aboriginals' methods of scouring gamo which has a certain savago ingenuity which seems worth citing. The firat step was to construct a not of bark fibre and suspend it from trco to tree across a portion of tho waters of tho billabong, weight ing it so that it sunk a foot or two, allowing somo 8 fcot or 10 feet to rise above tho surface. Ono of tho hunting party would stay by this, whilst tho rest Get out, and reaching opposite sides of tlio lagoon by a wide detour, turned baolr again, searing the wild fowl by all the dovices tiiey could think of. By and bye tho watcher hidden near the net would see a screaming cohort scudding above tlio water, and at the proper moment would lot out an imitation of the ary of tiio caglclrawk, at the samo instant whirling a sheet of bark into tho air to per sonate tlio bird. Tlio ducks, not having timo to investigate tho mattor, would instantly swoop for a divo, and coming in contact with tho net would bo caught, sometimes by the hundred. Then would tlio triumphant blaokfellbw mako for himsolf a feast, and would no doubt brag in his own simple mind about this triumph of civilised human craft ovor tho foolish bruto creation. Tho citizens of such a place as Mildura aro hound to bo interesting people. ' One might safely say of thom, without having oven scon tliem, that tlisy aro certain to bo hardy, adven turous and handy. I had the pleasure of an introduction to one gentleman — a justice of tiio peace, by tlio way — who hud with his own hands built the handsome and comfortablo house ho lived in. I passed an agreeable half hour with him in his own residence, nnd could only marvel at the skill, solidity and forothought with which it had been constructed. The prospering garden and the solidly built littlo villa mado together as homelike a plncc as one would wish to dwell in, and tho interior of the house was filled with all tlioso evidences of refinement in tlio midst of which an English gentleman would naturally desire to live. My jolly, hospitable host would havo it that before I wont hack into ati oldcT form of civili sation I must havo a night and a day in tho bush, and I being nothing loth (though to toll tho truth I havo had camping out enough in my timo and had thought tho day for suah adventures over), a party of gay fellows was got up, and out wo Btarted in a buggy and a four in hand. "Whenever a man knows jiorfeotly well how to do a tiling it looks simple to liim, hut I found the drivo through tho traokless bush, conducted with unerring preoision to a given point, a little sur prising. I expressed the emprise, and was good naturedly smiled at for my pains. But for all that I do solemnly declare that to ine ono part <ff tho road looked so absolutely liko another that tho wondor how we found a way remains a wonder, and always will. Miidtirn, by tho way, is a temperance colony, but— I tell this in tlio strictest confidonoe — the stranger was never allowed to go thirsty for want of an excellent lager beor, cunningly cooled in canvas water bags, or an equally excellent glass of whisky and soda, or a still moro excellent champagne in pints, gone almost still with age. Age takes the friskiness and sparkle out of most tilings, but sometimes leaves the better qualities behind. It was not thought advisable to mako tho trip moro Spartan than was aotniiUy necessary, and we carried a touch or two of Capuau manners into tho bush with us. Tho commissariat was likcraVy' remembered, and certain darkish bottles on euoli of whioh, to the best of my romombraace, there was a label in which some thing called a "blend" was lauded, wero stowed away in tho bowels of the drag. When Phil Robinson went homo from Aus tralia lio told a story to which I Bin sorry to say nobody attached tho slightest orciience. He said that lie was slocping in somo little wooden bnilt township in a district in Australia which was infested with rabbits, and tiiat in tlio night there camo what lie called a "rabbit wave." It was a inilo or twu wide, and Heaven knows how many miles long, and somo half score uf feet in height. It came along with a force so iweaistible that it carried away the township. Sir. Robinson, I believe, was tho sole survivor of this strange calamity — so that there was nobody left to contradict him — and he only escaped by tho lucky accident tlint tho " wavo" broke on a sandy plain and so let iiim down gently, with nothing worso than a few bruises and a some what shattered nerve. Now I don't profess to hcliavo that curious narvativo even yet, but I admit a kind of fanci ful foundation for it. If tho rabbits I saw in tho two days of that oxcursion had known how to combine tlicy might have carried away any thing—even Phil Robinson when ho was weighed iv it'll tile sense of responsibility which ought to have rested upon Bit; author of that surprising couccption which I havo just quoted. How tlicy swarmed ! tlioso rabbits. And what a battue wo might havo lmd with tlio half-dozen guns we carried if wo had had a scoro of beaters. As it was I grew shoulder-sore and had a gun headache, which as everybody knows is ono of the lenst agreeable ailments of its species. Our youthful sportsmen did not oven ask to havo tho buggy or the drag brought to a standstill, but peppered the poor bunnies right and loft as wo rolled along, and mado very good practico too. » . Now I began moro fully to understand tho reason why overy nllotmont in the Mildura colony is bound in by a wire fence, whioh is sunk to somo considerable distnnce into the ground. Now, too, I began to sec tlio necessity for tlio advertisement which week by week finds its way into tlio columns of the local journal, running thus : — " All persons travelling through tile Mildnra properties aro requested to close tlio gates in tho vorinin-proof fences through which tlioy pass. A heavy penalty is imposed by tlio Act for neglect to close such gates, and any person found so offouUUg after this date in con nection witli the Mildura fences will be prose cuted as far as the law will allow." No wondor. Thn rabbits would lcavo hut a poor chance for the settlers if tlicy could have thoir way. Our party did yeoman's sorvioo against tho plague, for we left a good twclvo scoro of tho onemy dead upon tho fiold, but this was only liko a drop out of a pond. "We reached our destination as the night was coming down, and chose our camping placo in tlio contro of a natural clearing, not far from tho river, and in the midst of a clump of malice trees. A handful of grass, an armful of dry twig3, the sputter of a match, aud tlioro was tho beginning of our camp fire. Thou thero was a rending of dead branches from tlio trees, and in almost as littlo time as it takes to write the words thoflamcsbuiltupawallof half trnnsparout dusk about us, making tho night seem darker by contrast with thoir own glancing brightness. Ono mado an excursion to tho stream, and came back with a billy full of water, which being set upon tho lire began soon to bubble with a cheer ful and suggestive murmur. We picnicked in the growing darkness, and as I munched my provendor I thought of many hud many a Bimilar yet different scene in the old world. Poor Archie MaoNoill, truo friendaudhoiiestman, and brilliantjonrnalist, basely murdered two yearsago in Boulogne Harbor, camo baok to mo liko a ghost when I thought of our almost boyish encampments iu Sutton Woods in tho old country. And many a good churn's face peered over my shoulder as I called to inind the scores of nights spent by tlio camp fire in summer's heat und winter's cold, -on the Roumelian plains or on the Balkan's heights, where tho tired soldiory slept whilst we spun our yarns, or the dogs howled in somo distant city of the dead lately ravaged by tho Tchircasso and tho Zeibeok. Nights of merriment, when tho song went round and tlio coarse nun was purified by fire in the tin panni kin, and campaigning was tho most glorious lark in the world. Nights of siloncc, and cold, and hunger, when the drifted snow was deep aud the warmest of bearskins was a meagre shelter. Nights when the big guns boomed for hours and hours in the dark, and tho are of light made by tho timo fuses ut tlio Schipko Pass seemed to the eye to travel slowly, slowly, slowly over a foot or two of midnight blackness— whilst in reality tiiey rushed furiously for a mile. Many times came back to me. Many faces nnd voices of old times, that I shall sec and bear no more. " Whero arc yo, old companions trusty ?" ' Some are married, some are dead, All are scattered now and tied. Ah, mo ! But what lias this to do with a trip up the Murray Ilivcr? Out with tlio black bottlo, good mine host, and lot us test tho blend its label brags of. A generous liquid. Let ub have a merry hour. Wo had a merry hour, and more than ono. There was a violinist amongst us who had brought his tools with him, and mndo no despic able music for us. And wo waked the cohoes of the solitude witli a good many ohoruscs, and I mysolf — tlio present narrator (let it not bo thought I boast) — came out of my cus tomary ponderous solemnity, nnd told a funny story, which convuisod (absolutely convulsed) ouo membor of our party — a most discerning youth, whom I shall always remember witli gratitude. When tho merriment was all over we turned in with our rugs and blankets, and slept until 4.30 in tho morning, at which unearthly hour wo were awakened by our ohicf- tain, and so betook ourselves to rabbit slaughter again until it was timo for lunchoon, after whioh we drove homewards. We sighted a little group of emus, but they took to their long Jegs before we could got a near view of them, not having been instructed probably with respect to tho protection the laws of the land afford them. The colony of Victoria is certainly to be con gratulated ou its treatment of the Irrigation scheme. A similar plan, started by tlio same projectors, and enjoying all tiio sumo natural advantages, has been opened at Renmark, but does not flourish liko its sister scttlomont, aud for a perfectly obvious reason. Tlio South Aus tralian Government lias not only done loss to foster it, but lias actually allowed a threat of Government competition to be hold out against it. Tho result is tlut, whilst tlio colony in Victoria 13 thriving and growing in a most remarkable degree, that in South Australia is at presont at something vpry liko a standstill. There is littlo fear of its ulti mate success, however, for the value of tlio priuoiple upon which it is founded is almost uuivcrsally admitted. In California, where the same experiments liavo boon tried, the trado in fruit with tho Eastern States rose from 8,000,000 lb. to 32,000,000 lb. avoirdupois in n single year. Land there which originally cost £160, on which trees wero planted at a charge of £320, aud cultivated at a profit for seven years and a half, was then purchased by Mr. P. L. AUes (tho editor of tho Californian) for £5000, tlio pur chase money including a house whioh had cost £1000 to build. What California can do Aus tralia can do, and sho can do it nil the more cer tainly because iter topsy- turvy seasons sond her products into tlio market at a timo when tho gardens and orchards of tho rest of the world aro bare. I had a half formed idea of turning fruit grower mysolf, and sitting down under my own vino and fig treo, but reflecting that 011 the wliolo I would rathor seo London and Paris again, I resigned it, and bade tho pleasuut plaoe adieu. Wo came steaming hack to Morgan through tlio samo placid charms of river scenery of which I havo already given so fnint and vague a picture, and ou the way a rousing adventure befell us, for wo ran full tilt into tho trading boat Queen and stove in her bows, insomuch that sho had to put into tho bank for the repair of damages. Thcra was no great harm done, hut one or two of the pas sengers of the injured craft got into a prodigious pother and flutter of excitement, and we wero found in talk fur an hour or two. Then at Morgan we said good-bye to tho beautiful river, and ran down by rail to sunny Adelaide, and after a pleasant day or two with pleasant folk thore, got back to Melbourne. Aud so eqdeth the history of a new chum's travels jn Australia. Tho new chum himself sails for other climes within an hour or two of the timo at which these lines will come iuto the readers' hands. Ho carries away a thousand pleasant memories, has met countless kindnesses and good services, nnd acknowledging them with a thankful heart, promises in all honesty never to foigot thom until tlio day eomoa when lie can 110 longer remember anything. 