CHAPTER XVI. AN U-' UXTKCTED LNCOUNTER, 'There is a divinity that Bhapes our ends, rough-hew them how we will.' bays the immortal bard ; and a most maliguant aud mischicf-making divinity it seems to be at times. ? But wo mujt not stop and bewail over tho rough angles and spintercd fragments, but wait with patience till the wholo is complete, and then wo shall seo that every seemingly adverse stroke was needed lo perfect and finish the rounded lifo. To our human wisdom, it appears just the consummation of ill-luck that Colonel Gilbert Verney should occupy the same train, indeed tho samo carriage, with the Countess of Strathspey that morning 1 But tho colonel did so unconscious of evil intent, it is true, but tho eftects of theoc currenco were disastrous enough. Tho counlesss was thickly veiled, and although sho was tho solo lady passenger, it was sometime beforo ho recognised hor. Ho established himself comfortably, read the morning paper, and heartily wished this veiled female in Jericho, in his ill-humor at being deprived of his cigar. Not a thrill of interest or curiosity as to who or what she was stirred his heart. The colonol had passed that stage of lifo when one takes an interest in rail way acquaintarccs. Long years of soldier lifo in India had cooled tho fever of his young blood. He was now an eminently liandsomd bachelor, of sevon-and-thirty 'years, a trifle cynical, intensity practical, and the betrothed husband of Miss Julia Bereafurd, heiress to the suug sum of ten thousand a year, in her own right. The colonel was ruuning over to Paris, where chanco or fate had stricken down a fcllow-officer aud bosom friend with typhoid fovor. The despatch reached him that very morning, stating that his friend was dying, and had need of him. Colonel Yernoy started down by the first traiu, never dreaming what a terrible construc tion would bo placcd upon his most humane journey. On and on thoy went, tho countess still closely veiled and incognito ; tho colonel perusing his pnpor, aud longing for his cigar ; on and on, through all the seem ingly endless length of England, for the countess was going down to Dover, and across tho Channel into France, and from thenco into Tyrol, following the route hor husband had taken, the only ono sho know how to pursue. And wi'.h every mile sho travelled, Iit courage failed. In tho eagerness and ex citement of starting, tho length aud fatigue of the journey had not occurred to her. She bogan to wish sho had hearkened to Judith's eago counsels, or at least consented to tako her with her. It was terrible to travel alone and unpro tected. But sho thought of tho littlo flaxen-haired boy amid tho Alpine poaks, and her hoart grew strong again. For his sake she would endure it all. At the first station the colonel got out and enjoyed his cigar, and returned to his ?aoafc iu a much better humor. There sat this inevitable lady companion. 'Canlboanysorvico to you, madamo 1' he inquired, politely ; 44 get you any re-, freshments, or anything of the kind V* The lady gave a quick start, shook her head, and, drawing her veil still closer, muttered an inarticulate denials The Colonel turned on his heel, determined to leavo her to horself. Thoy got off at Dover, in tho golden haze of September twilight, just iu time to catch tho steamer Calais. Tho flash of tho innumerable gas-lights, and the noiso and confusion on tho wharf, woll nigh be wildered Lady Strathspey ; aud the full sense of tho terrible step sho had taken flashed for the iirst timo upon her. What would hor husband say ? Sho grew deadly faint and tottered where the stood. A burly porter, hurrying by, jostled hor. rudely, aud sho would have fallen but fur tho colonel's timely support. ,4My dear madamo, do allow mo to assist you,' he oxclaimed, passing his arm about her. For an instant the poor woman reeled, but by a groat effort sho overcame her weakness, and stood firmly on her feet. ' I will accept your assistance, Colonel Verney,' sho said, as sho raised her veil, aud disclosed her face, white und faint from fatigue and intenso excitement. Tho . colonel came to a dead halt, and stood staring down at her, as if he thought her a ghost. ' Lady Strathspoy !' ho gasped, at last, 14 in Heaven's namo— ' 44 1 am going across tho Channol, Colonel Verney, sho interrupted, with, dignity; 14 will you havo tho goodness to risa'st.mo on board tho steamor ? Tho colonel was a thorough gentleman, j Ho bowed deoply, ropressingevory vestigo of curiosity, and drawing her arm through h;s conducted her to comfortable quarters aboard the steamer. I Whilo he paced the deck, half an hour later, putting his cigar and puzzling his brain to discover what was tho . meauing of Lady Strathspey's unusual mode of travelling, the countess camo gliding to his side. ' ' . . 41 Colonol Verney,' she said laying her hand lightlyonhis arm, ' you aro wonder* ing, nonoiibt, what it is that takes mo out of llhigland in this;rim-a\vay fashion ?V . I ho Colonel bowed and smiled, I 44 1 am a littlo curious, I 'confess, Lady \ Strathspey,' ho replied. ? The couptemtood lilent tor a moment, looking up at tho misty stars overhead, her eyes full of docp and aolomn thought. 44 Colonol Vorney,' sho continued at last. 44 you iray bo suro nothing short of vital interest would take mo from my home and husband iu this fashion ; my mission across tho Channel is ono of life aud death — to my own heart, at least. I am strong enough of will, but weak of body, as wo womon unfortunately aro. I did not intend that you should find mo out, but my poor, womanly weakness be trayed mo,' Perhaps it is as well. 1 need a friend. Colonel Verney, I am almost inclined to trust you, to ask you to help mc' Sho raised her sad, appealing oyes to his face, and looking down into their staroy depths, tho Indian oflicor felt his hoart thrill with something of tho old, passionate admiration, that those same sweet eyes had awakened when lie was a gay young guardsman, and Lady Mar gucrito's lover. But tho colonel, as wo havo said, was a thorough gentleman, a man of sterling honor. .And looking down upon tho woman hohad onco loved, helpless and iu troublo, ho felt that ho could be all tho truer aud more helpful in his friendship, becauso of that very love. 4,Lady Strathspey,' ho answered, quietly, but with something in his voico that at once inspired faith and confidence, 44 1 am at your service, ready to help you in anyway 1 can.' If ho had been profuse in his assurances, she would have hesitated ; his selfpos session and simple candor won her confi denco. Sho drew him to a seat in a shel tered corner, and thero, beneath tho silent stars, with a dash of the silver water iu his cars, she began at tho begin ning aud told him all her strange story, wondering at herself as sho did so, for an hour beforo lie .would have boen the last man on earth sho would havo choson.for her confidant. Yet now impelled by some impulse stronger than her will, she told him everything. Tho colonel listened with interest, and profound pity softened his keen, gray eyes. Old soldior that ho was, ho could under stand tho deep yearning of the mother's lovo for her own babo. 41 1 am afraid, Lady Strathspey,' ho said, when she^had finished, 44 that you have been unwise in taking this stop. It would have boon better to havo confided everything to your husband, and suffered him to bear his share of the doubt and anxiety. I am an old bachelor,' ho con tinued, smiling down upon her with pity ing kindness, 44 but 1 don't beliovo in any concealment between man and wife. Your motive is pure and good, but your conduct is opon to misconstruction. However,' ho added, buttoning his coat and straighten* ing his fine figure, after his military habit, 44 if you are determined to go on, I am at your service, ready to helo v'ou iu any possible way.' j 44 1 shall go on,' replied the countoss, i firmly, ' I will not turn back.' j 'Very, woll, go to your room now and try to rest. From Calais I will telegraph to my sick*friend in Paris, and I'll Bee you safu into tbo Tyrol and on your way liomu. Good-night, Lady Strathspoy.' 1 'Good-night, Colonel, and may Heaven reward you !' Ho strodo away, and the countess went to hor state-room with a lightened heart. 