CREMATION PROM A RELIGIOUS POINT OP VIEW. A favorite class of objection is, that cremation is dishonoring to the : human body. The heathen, it is urged, might regard it with contempt, because in their eye it was the mere iuslrnrnent.of.' carnal indulgence ; hut the Christian recognises in it the temple of the Holy Ghost and the companion of- the soul throughout eternity. Asanch, ifc de=erves all possible honor. No believer will undervalue this argument. ,But it seems strange that the destruction of human remains by fire should be re- g.-.rdfcd as more degrading, at ail events,: I than tb.9 ordinary progress of corrnp-. j tion. I do not propose to enlarge on j " the horrors of the charnel-house, the. ; io.-.thsome banquet of the beetle- and: the worm," which Washington Irving: has so graphically represented as biiug tho favori o study of a' mind which had become morbidly insane. It cannot be doubted that they were' deeigned by Providence as!& rebuke to human" pride ; nor can they ever fail' to be so. Yet it is lawful for mo,n. to mitignts tha.- evil resulting to himself from them, even as. it is lawfal for him to allay by medicine the agonies of disease. . And . why 6h0U'ldffre be1 accounted: a degrading i agency at all: 2. ...It,, is the: Divinely appointed nutans of. purification— fca- ! r-urificatior. which all must, undergo— the trial (St. Mnrk is. 49 ; 1 Cor. in'.. 12) which will test tlioir work.on earth, whether " they are .to I he .. presented, cleansed, and sanctified : before God or consumed by . Hi3 wrath.. :"What'fitter process whereto to ..subject ' the .body. ? What more suggestive |of solemn and wholesome 'thought Everything con nected with' fire in the Scripture, is grsild and ennobling;..- If ,it is ; the- emblem of. God' a wrath, it is : also j the -emblem of His mercy. ' In fire He appeared to. man, in' thefwilderness and ini the. temple. In fire Ha cume 'down .on the Day of Pentecost.- It is .to, -fire' that the sacred writers have likened the Deity -Himself (Dent, ivi 24; Heb. xii 29). If we would have a esse still more directly opposite to. the burning of the. body that of Elijah' cannot be overlooked. He was taken from Elisba's side in tho fibfihly bedy, bnt 'be mnst needs have ;beeu pnrged by the fire in which he envelt-ped. Fire being the emblem of clearing away all in us that offends oar Maker, it seems strange ipdesd that any should consider its application to the human body after death as degrading. — " ChnrchmaD." 