The citizens of Ballarat West have had placed before them a statement of political faith from the seven candi dates now contesting for the honor of lepiesenting them m the next Paiha mcnt, and it may reader the choice of the electors some whit less confusing if we shoitly sunnnatise the main points in the various addresses in i elation to the moie important political questions of the day. It might he well, hist of all to define these questions, m what wojudge to be the older of thcii nnpoi - ance. Someaieweighty matteisof pnn ciple and others more of detail. Among the foimei we plico the pioposal to raise the stock and giam taxes and give export bounties on wheat, the question of the continuance of Coah tion Government, Australian Federa tion, .and lastly Decentralisation Among the mote important matters of detail we tike Pailiamentary Re form, a plebiscite to decide the question of Scnptuie reading in State schools, an Absentee tax, and several otheis Fot all piacticvl puiposes we place the stock tax question first as involving issues of the highest gravity, and also because it is one which will have to be fought out soon aftei Pailiament assembles The issues are both fin incial and political, both local and Austral asian. If Yictona should be by her new Pailiament committed to a piac tically prohibitive stock tax, mcieased grain and produce dues would follow, and, in fact Victona might he said to declare- for a policy of isol ition, and to defy hei sistei pi ovinces to a fiscal ■war, the result of which must be, in all respects, disastrous to ourselves It is therefoie a niattei of great present interest to the electors that they choose men who are sound ,on this caidinal point. Out of oui seven candidates five have pronounced against the stock tax and its contin gents Colonel Smith is prepaied to obey the wishes of the majoiity, and before the day of election this niaionty should fully undei stand the position the Colonel intends to take upon the question Mi Vale stands alone as an advocate for the obnoxious and mischievous piopos il The next mnn principle is tbit of coilition, as against a return to party Government The question has been of late discussed largely, almost exhaustively, and it nas been shown tint, while coalition has woiked well, and achieved mar vellous practical lesults for Victona, there is really no piesent reason whatever fot distuibing the existing oidei of things As Mr Si nvicE and othei able statesmen h ive told us a great.national question aiising mij, at any time, div ide the people of Vic tona into hostile politic il camps, md, under such cncuinstances, coalition would disappear of itself But a great dividing question cannot be manufac tuied to older At present there is none, and the attempt to divide us into hostile paities with nothing to fight over, is not only extremely un called for, hue extremely absuid No one wishes to see a h ird and fist deteimination that we shall have coih tion as an assuiedly petmanent thing The most that is demanded is that coalition shall be persevered with until there is a reasonable cause to abandon it We should have liked to have seen more of our candidates declaring for views like these. Mi Serjeant speaks out boldly in favor of keeping out of the entanglements and miseries of patty warfare as long as w e can Mr Fix- LAYson, although taking a technical objection to the piinciple, is, we fancy, m farm of at least a present continu ance of the policy; while, of the remain ing candidates, Messrs Smith, Shoppee, and VaXB, declare for party Govern merit, and the remaining candidates occupy less pronounced positions. The thiid matter of principle is Federation, but vi e must not attach too much impor tance to candidates’ yeas or nays in this matter, as the word cairies an almost infinite vai lety of interpretations. In fact a man may say he is in favoi of federation, but is not theieby pledged to anything in paiticulai Several of the candid rtes who declared in favor of federation declared also in favor of a return to Paity Government, with its nairow aspnations and parochial piactices Messrs Smith and Vxle did not, we believe, commit them selves to an expiession of opinion on the question The foui th question of principle is that of Decen tralisation, and upon this we natur dly expect to find a stiong una nnnity of opinion among candidates foi e\ metiopohtan constituencies We have Messis Shoppie, Smith, Five ar son, and Serjevnt declanng themselves in favoi,but vv e have h id nocoi respond ing expi ession of opinion fiom Messrs Bailey, Kirton, oi Yyle We aie ready to assume that eithei of the (list foui hive not only a full appiecution of the decentralisation policy the colony wants, but would stnve earnestly and intelligently to bung it about Messrs Serjeant and Smith went at some length into the question of more and bettei State aid to the mining in dustry, not necessarily wholly in money' giants, but by caieful amendment of the piactice of the Mining Department, and the appointment of a Minister of Mines who should be spccnlly and caiefully chosen for the post Mi Yale would like to see moie State aid to piospecting foi coal, although he of course is well avvaiethat the Govern ment have 1 itely shown gie-at eneigy m this dnection, having spent a good deal of money', and pio posmg, in the coming season, to ‘spend a good deal moie. Coming to senous matteis of detail, we find thar, of the seven candidites, foui—Messis Serjevnt, Shoppee, Smith, and Kirton —have dechned in f.ivor of Paiha mentaty Refoim, the Colonel adding, as a proviso, that he would not push the i efoi in too fai. The othei candi dates did not declare themselves Mi Shoppee and Mi Serjeant would suppoit a plcbiscile on the Scnptuie leading question. Mr Finevyson would not The views of the othei gentlemen ate less plainly announced Messis Shoppee and Serjeant would go for an absentee tax, and iheie again Mr Finlay son is against them, the lemaming candidates being undeclaied. It goes without saying that any of the cuulidates would favoi chaining the Sebastopol pi iteau Bal luat electors have, howevei, been so often befooled by election pionnses in tins matter that they have ceased to seuously ipgard them. There was a Considerable improvement m the share market last week, and several stocks advanced a little on Mondiys iate«. Austi alasian and Eaglehawk had exchange at 5s 9d, and weie film all the week at th.it figuie, closing on Satuidiy with buveis at the same rate, and no sh u es ofTei mg Berry Consols had occasional tiansactions at fanly steady iates, closing on Saturday with business at,£lB 10s Berry'No 1 in the beginning of the week sold at 53s and 535, but towards the latter end of the week sold as high as 55s 6d, closing on Siturdiy with buyers at 52s 6d and sellers at 54s 6d Mad ime Berry on Mond ly had sales as high as j£6 16s, but changed hands at lowet rates in the middle of the week, and nnpioved again on Siturday, when theie were buy'eis at £6 13s, sellers holding out foi £6 16s Hep burn Estate" were compaiatively quiet, closing on Saturday' with buyeis at Bs, and selleis at 10s lOd Earl Beaconsfaeld were also quiet, though they were a little stiongei at the close of the week, when there were buyeis at 28s Gel, sellers holding out for 33s 6d Lord Hat ry had but little attention, and weie sligl tly easier at the close of the week The Chalks’ gioup furnished a_consider of business, and showed an upwaid tendency. Smeaton Reserve in the eaily part of the week changed hands as low as 7s 7d, but owing to the tele giam received on Wednesday to the effect that the wash in the new use was looking well, a good demand foi the shaies set in, and theie weie sales on Fncliy up to 11s 6d, theie was also a good business done in the stock on Saturday at the current iates Work ing Miners’ also had a good busi ness at upward rates, the closing sale on Monday being 7s 9d, and the closing sale on Saturday 12s Noith Woap Hawp had a fan business at cuirent iates, and Britannia United and Black Hoise advanced considerably. Fiom 779 tons ciushtd by the Britannia United a return of 323 oz 11 dwt was obtained, and the tuhutois oh t.iined 18 oz 11\ dwt, making a total of 342 oz 21 dwt. The magnificent yield of 1026 oz 17 dwt from 1200 tons ciushed by the Star of the East furnished a veiy pleasant topic to the investors along, the Plateau as indicative of what rich \ iclds may he expected once the line is pioperly opened up, though no doubt a large amount of capital will yet be leqmred to be raised befoie all the piogressive compinies now at woik on the line aieso fai developed as to be ible to commence paying dividends The Band and Albion obtained 231 oz 5 dwt from 370 tons Shaies on Friday adv meed from 41s 6d to 455, but subsequently weakened a little The Sit Hemy Loch mine continues to open up veiy well There was a little business done in the stock on S iturcl ly at 15s Dunng the pist week the fol lowing dividends were declaied South Chines United, Is, Noith Llan beins (final), 4 1 ,d I he meeting of cimlidates for Ballarat West, cilled for Siturdiy night, lapsed It vv»s r oust Lieut Col. Smith fiom the position he has so long and so vvoitlnly filled. It was therefore so ight to bring the five candidates who are running for-the other seit—Messrs Sergeant, Pml lyson, Shoppee, Kirton, and BuJey—together, so as to arrange that only one should oppose Mr R T. Vale. Messrs Pinlayson and Kirton were amongst the fiist waited on, hut they dechned to be b mid by the decision of any such meeting, and announced their determination to go to the poll It was felt that, under the cir cumstances, fui then action in the matter was useless, and the project fell through. Yesterd iy was the anniversary of the day set apart to do honor to It eland’s patron saint, St Patrick It is recognised as a day on which n itivcs of the Emerald Isle hold Ipgh holiday, no matter where they may re side, and Billnrat will prove no exception to the general rule. Tlje rejoicings will, how - ever, be held to day, when the national gathering w ill take place on the Mioers’Race course. Hie programme provided consists of horse and footracing, Iri«h and Scotch i dancing, and stone throning. There will | also be the nsual side shows. A procession will take place, in which the H.A.C B & , members of fire brigades, the C vtholic Young Men’s Society, the St Patrick’s Total Abstinence Society, the Bdlarat City Brass Band, and the City and Town Drum and Fife Band, will take pirt It will start fiom St Patrick’s Cithcdral, at hilfpist 10 o’clock, and match along the north side of Sturt street to Bnrke and Wills Monument, thence back on south side of Sturt s'rcet to Pleas mt street, along Pleismt street ami Adair”street to the ground® It is expected that there will boa large attendance It was rumoied in politn.il circles in the city on Siturdiy night that one of the can dnlates for the representation of \Y imlcr mere in the Legislative A seinbly had issued a vviit ag mist i leading member of th* City branch of the ANA for±looo damages for alleged defamation of cb iraeter At St Patrick’® Ctthcdral yesterd ty, at the 11 o’eh ck miss, the Rev Cnnslophir Ligan, late of Cnlow College, lieland, and Bathurst College, New Soiuh W des, was ordained a pi list by the bishop, Di Mooic Hie assisting clergymen it the ordination were Moiiaignor Hoyne and the Rei i Cirey, M A , one of the professors at the I itely established Holy Ghost College i’lieie was a crowded enngreg ition, who took con siderab'e interest in the ceremony, which was imposing Yesterday’s ordination was the second that has taken place in Si Patrick’s Cithedrd Llr Delaney, at the conclusion of the mass, gaie an interesting and impressive address on “St. Pitnek,” a synopsis of which is given elsewhere in to day’s piper, tog ther with an abndgnent of strmon on isminlu subject by the Rev W H Cleary in the same cathedral 1 ist night. Ml J. Russell will address the electors of Billnrat East at the limn Hall, Uirkly street, this evening, at 8 o’clock A sad accident happened at the coal gears near the Ballarat East railw iy stition on Siturday, when a stiupping young man named Htniy Riy fell tlnough one of the pits on to the coal benetth, and fnctured Ins spine Riy, who was unable to explain how the accident happened, w is conveyed w ithout delay to the Uospitil, where ho now lies The fortnightly meeting of the City Coun cil will take ylace to day at II o’clock, in stead of at 3 o’clock, a public half holid iy hai mg been piocl nmed , Farmers in the Bnngareo district are now feeling the full effects of the diy season, and lam is being anxiously looked for. Up to three weeks ago the drought was not much felt m Bung nee, owing to the moist nature of the ground. During the fire brigades’ competition at Russell bquaieon Friday, a gentleman hold mg an official position in the town frequently remonstrated with sen nil young men who stood in Ins way and obstructed his range *>f vision His patience becoming at length ex hnnsted he pet unptoiily mdered the offen ders to stind iside They mini dutely complied with Ins request, miking way at the same instant for a strenil of wat**r from a inisdnectcd hose wlnch met the iforesnd gentleman in the eentie of the wnsteoit The amusement of the bystanders in genet ul ind of the young men in p irtioulai may be moie easily imagined than described. A cleaner named Andicv Livingstone, a young man employed at the Western railway stition, had a veiy nariirn escipe of being kilted on S iturday morning He was nuclei the engine cleaning the works, when by some means they were started, md t pm turn of the moving locomotive -stiuck him on the forehead and passed along Ins nose The blow was a severe one, and inflicted a deep and piniful wound The mjuied min was at ouce conveyed to the Hospital, where Ins vvou ids vv ere attended to The adjourned inquest touching the death of the young man William Neill was held on Saturday at the Grapes Hotel, Grant street, before Mr J.C. Thomson, coroner. Superintendent Palmer appeared on behalf of the police, Mr Pearson for Mr Lee Moy, Chinese herbalist, of Golden Point, and Mr Salter on behalf of Mr W. Rohan, the "bone-setter." Dr Scott gave evidence as to the result of the post mortem examination. He described the growth on the deceased's leg, which was 22 inches in circumference. He thought it was possible that a cut such as that made by Rohan might hasten the development of the malignant growth. Dr Pinnock, in his evi- dence, gave the dimensions of the leg as it had increased from time to time. He agreed with Dr Scott. Dr Pinnock also thought that if the deceased had gone to the Hos- pital and had the leg taken off three months ago his life might have been saved. Dr Longden did not agree with the previous witnesses. The operation could not have affected him injuriously. Mr Salter objected to Rohan making any statement, though the latter was present and willing to be examined. Other evidence showed that the deceased's relatives had all wished Rohan (sic) to perform the operation, and acquitted him of any malpractice. The jury found that the de- ceased, William Neill, died on the 12th March, at Ballarat East, from endema of the lungs, the result of a malignant disease in the leg. Owing to the circumstances of the recent disturbance among the navvies at Scarsdale, the local police authorities have had under consideration the advisability of a change m the constables stationed there Accordingly on Saturday Sergeant Fhnmagan superseded Const ible Murray in eliaige of the Seusdile station; and Constables lohme ami Steven sop, of Ballarat East, hive also been traus let red to that place. A burst has taken pi ice in the mam m Stuit street, opposite the Waverley hotel. Hie water has bien running to waste at the spot since Saturday. A dangerous individual named E-lw ird Ross, aged o2yeirs, was arrested m Balia nt East early yesterd iy morning by Con st ible Cirrollou a charge of being illegally on the plannees of Mr Charles Upli ini. Peel stieet north. It seems that Ross, who 1 itely arrived from Melbourne, made iippli eitlim, about i fortnight ago, to be provided with board and lodging at Mr Upiiam’s rest deuce, but the application wis refused Miss Upham, it seem®, m ide the icqnimt anee of the prisoner, who is a groom, in Mel bourne, and on her coming to Btllir.it he followed her He was «i hsequeiitly obseiic 1 in the vicinity of Mi Upham s house, and on t tell occasion when he was seen near the pi ice he was ordered away. On Saturday list he wasagnn observed near the nouse it the front gate, when he w is ton! that it would hewell if he wi re to “ m ike himsi If sea ee ” In reply, heremrkel "It will be all oier by to morrow ” Ytstorday morn mg the fimily weie alarmed through heir mg footsteps on the back leiandih, and on Mr Qphain, jun , rising he observed Ross in the hathro nn m the act of r using a window In Ins hand was an object w Inch the young man took to he a revolver On an alarm being rinsed the family left the house, ami sought refuge m the cottage of a neighbor In the meantime the police hid been summoned, but on anival thev could find no trace of the mtrmlu At and lylight yestirday morning Ross was, however, die covered asleep under a willow tree near Mr Upham’s hous .and on C oistihl** C irr >ll approaching to effect Ins uirest, Rissdiew fiom Ins breastpocket a five chamber re vidver, each eh nnb r being lonhd, but before he could hung it to the “pieseot” p isition, Carroll sprang at him, mil iftei in exciting struggle, he, with the assistance of bystiindus, oieipowered mil disaimedhmi Piisoner, who still off-red a despei ite terstanee, was hindenffed ami conveyed to the lockup lie said tbit his intention was to commit suicide, and that he hid not the slightest idea of doing harm to any one else. It is thought, howiier, that Ross is not sine, and that his intent on was to shoot Miss Upham Prisoner, who will hi brought before the Town Police Court this morning, had in his possession a quantity of loose cartridges Among the successful candidates at the recent examinations we notice the names of Miss Blanche Anwyl, pupil teacher at the Alfredton State school, and Mr W. G McKay, of Corindhap, who has passed for the clerical division of the Public Service Both were prepared by Mr Geo H Scarse. A severe accident that it at one time was thought would prove fatd hap pened on Saturday afternoon at OTairell’s snley ards to a middle aged in in named Alexander Davidson, a 11 sident of Ly ons street. Davidson was m the ring showing th a paces of a splendid looking draught mare, when the animal reined and struck it him with her forefeet. One of the hoofs just grazed Ins fice, drawing blood, and struck him full on the left shoulder Divnl 8 m was knocked down, and the mare was iibou' to jump on him when the spectators rescued him from Ins perilous position. When picked up lie was insensible, and he was immediately conveyed to the Hospital, i where it was found that his shoulder hone was fractured lie was admitted, and yester day was progressing as satisfactorily as could be e'xpected under the circumstrnces. Mr D Brophy, manager of the St Pat lick’s Diy Festn al, begs to acknowledge with thanks the following donations towards the sports —Messrs Win. Kenna, John Whelan, J B Pearson, Richard Butler, W M. Achcson, Ihos Lonergan, D Shaikey, R M Serjeant, and E Murphy, £1 Is each; Messrs P. and John Ryan, £1 each. A gun accident happened on Wednesday last at Kingston, by which a young m m named W Coltman, an employe of Mr Buley, contractor, h id the thumb of his left hand shot off Coltman was out shooting, and sustained the injury owing to his gun going off accidentally The number of out door recipients of relief from the Beneiolent Asylum last week was 521\. Ihere are at present 231 inmates m the Asylum Constable Tinkler arrested on Saturday in Ballarat East, a Chinaman named Ah Hoy, aged 30 years, on a charge of stealing from the premises of James Martin, of Scarsdale, broken iron, weighing one ton and a half, the whole valued at £6. James Miller, 23, a miner, and George Bi idshaw, 21, of the sime occupition, were arrested on biturday night by Constables M‘Pherson and Tinkler, on a charge of fight- ing in the public street. Prisoners were lodged in the Town lockup A telegi iph office for the tnnsaction of public business has been opened at Dunns town, Bungaree To night, at the Academy of Music, tne nnlitiry and spectacular drama, “Human Nature” will be produced Hus play is equally as cffeetiio as “ llarboi Lights,” showing si arp contrasts of chancier, while incident follows incident with stirtling rapidity. The piece will be splendidly staged, and Mr George Leitch will appear as Spofkin", the lawy ei’s clerk, a pirt in which i this favorite comedian furly revels. The members of the 3rd BiHilion of the Bilhnat Militn will take part in the military scene, by the kind permission of Lieut Col Green held. To morrow evening, Messrs M‘Mahon’s Dramitic Company will bring their present successful season to a close. The body of that old identity, Mr lsaac A. Twaits, was laid in the New Cemetery, on Saturday afternoon The remains were followed to the grave by relatives, a few fiom tin Old Colonists’Association, and by Mr W. Little, who was appointed executor by the deceased. On Saturday, while working at Mr Blake’s sawmills, Blakeville, a young man named J. M’lnerney, whose parents reside in Ballarat, met with an accident thiongh a log of wood slipping and striking him. He received in juries to the face and legs, and he was in- sensible when picked up. Mr Richard J. Haworth’s name was on intentionally omitted fiom the list of stewards of the Carngham races. A young man named William Naughton, a resident of Pleasant street, attended it the hospitil on Snndiy night, and com pinned of lining been poisoned by citing tinned fish The symptoms were not lery serious, so he was adi ised what treatment to adopt and left the institution As he did not return yesterday it is surmised th it he has altogether lecoveied from the effictsof his seizure. Messrs F. W. Niven and Co.'s employés' annual picnic takes place tomorrow at the Lal Lal Falls. A special train has been chartered to convey the excursionists to their destination, and it will leave the Western railway station at 543 A number of pedes trian events are to be competed for during the day foi handsome trophies, including a splendid silver cup, value £lO 10s, presented by Messis Cowan and Cos , the well known papei m inufacturers of London and Mel bourne Hie piemuesof the film, both in Sturt and Lydiard streets, will be closed dining the day. Iheic were 109 inmates in the Hospital yesterd ij, of w horn T 9 w ere males and 30 fern lies During thesweek 257 outp itients weie Heated, of these 84 were new and 13 casualty e ises Di Woniarski is the medi cil and Di Pinnoek the surgical officer for the cun cut week. At the Skating Rink on Wednesday even mg Miss Nellie Dunegan and M ister Done gan will gue in exhibition of fancy skating and bicycle ilding. Hit performeis ire aged 10 and flic years lesptctively Full particulais ippeu in adi ei tisement in to day’s paper Our Smythesdale correspondent writes “An unfortunate and painful occurrence took place at the Commercial hotel, Brooke street, on Friday evening, by which Mr Charles Bishop, the licensee, is likely to permanently lose the sight of in eye. It appears that a man named Edwin Roach, living at Browns, went into the bar in a semi drunken state and demanded to be sup plied with drink, which was refused. As Roach was becoming abusive, Mr Bishop tried to induce him to leave, when a scuffle took place outside, the latter receiving a violent blow in the eye Dr Hayes, who was sent for, found the wound to be of a most serious nature, and it will probably, in his opinion, result in the complete loss of sight. What makes the occurrence the more distressing is that Mr Bishop’s other eye has been badly affected for several years, and is of little or no use. Roach was after- wards arrested by Constable Allen and lodged in the lockup ” Our cot respondent informs us that elec tion matters m Bungirce are still very quiet The oidmary committee inciting of the Buninyong Mmeis’Assoei ition was held on Siturday i veiling at the Buninyong hotel Present—Mi W Hardy, vice presnit nt, in the chiir; and Messrs Tielur, W> sth, Brown, Simp- on, and the secret uy. Cone spundencu was icceivul from A M A of No 2 district. New South Wales, forw tiding balance sheet foi quirtei ending 31st Decern her. ISSS, also b il nice sheet to Ist October, ISSS, of gem nil stnke fund, also copy of igieement, Ac —R-ceived with thanks It w is resolved that a testimonial in the shape of a gold tried il with the motto of the vsso ci iti m be presents I to the H m D M Divies, M P., for services rendered to the bi inch during his piesi lent-dnp for eight yeirs, the pi escalation to tike pi ice on Siturday, 30'h inst. At the bmy thesdale Police Com t on Satur day a man named Edwin R Mch was pre seated by Constable Allen and ch irged with being drunk in a public place on Friday night The icensed wis discharged, and was immediately aft rwards ai rested on the ch irge of unliwfu-ly wounding Chirles Biship, of the Cmnmeieiil hotel, witn in tent to do gr ivous bo lily harm Hie pnsoner was rem in led till the fdlowing Tuesday. Mr John Lynch, jun , wis the presiding in igistrate A larg* and influential meeting of rati payers ot the south of Linton, who me in f Ivor of the Gillespie street site for th nil way stition (wntis out local correspond! nt), was lit Id at the Victim hotel on Thursday evening when it was lesolveil tint the Railw ly Commissioners be e immiinie ited with it once, toasccitun what action they hail taken since the deputation fiom north Linton was down on the 14th instant The meeting was an impromptu one, but up wards of 30 ratepiyeis weie present, and a number of apologies were lie ived fiom gintlemen who weie unable to be present j through business engigements I Hie attention of tho Educition nt Ins been called to the fi„t tbit the Cmneil of the Boirds of Advice cmnpl mi of the seaieity of tCveheis of smgwig Hie de [ pirtment (>iys the Telegraph) only pays £l5 a yeir to singing teieheis, and u dess win re ate icber can minig ■ a group of so ne 10 or 12 schools, the woik is not rcmuneiitive | enough to mduc applications The Public Seivice Bund nas given a decision with regud to the classifii atom of I teicbei s, that is the nppe Is were igunst the list, and not the fust cbiSsill uion, -near ! are nil) a in ev 