TI1E SCRAP ALBUM. (Oven to Casual Uontiubotous.) Harbor Trust Bill chancos very rosy. Entries for tho Brownsvillo £10 handicap, to bo run oil' on Saturday next, closo this evening. MOO cliildron took part in tho tieo-plantiiig oper ations at Adolaido on 'arbor day' (Thursday). Scarlo, tho champion sculler, 1ms nrrixed in' Eng land. A movement is on foot for tho lighting of Mitta gong by gas. - ? ' Maclcai), a small town 'on tlio Clarence River, has been lighted with gas. Mr. Turton, a locomotive inspector, was run ovor by a train and terribly mutilated near.Bathurst on Thursday. '- ' ' - , According to tho Rov. T. B. Boyco : tlio drink bill for tho past year was £4,777,108, or £4 Os.Od. per, hoad of the population of this colony. United Sunday-schools sorvicc in. the Town Hall, to-morrow aftornoon, when Rov. Mr. Robjohus will address tho children. ' Visitor' would like to know why tlio byo'-law is not carried into effect on tho Wollongong Station' platform to prohibit smoking. ' Tho catering of Mr, G. Robertson, of tho Work men's Club, at tho Masonic banquet on Wednesday, was a theme of commendation on that occasion. ' A bill to establish and endow a college for women within tho .'university of Sydney has been read a first timo in tho Assembly^ . : - .Annual mooting of tho Illawarra Auxiliary of tho British and Foreign Biblo Society in the Town Hall ,pn Monday evening. , ' i- i-U ' ' Civility' thinks a change is required in 'regard' to some of tho officials on the local railway, stations, as such would bo vory acceptable to the public. : The vendors of Darling Island will have to prove their title to the satisfaction of tlio Crown Solicitor before tho purcliaso money is paid by tho Govern ment.- . According to Mr. Glover, a tcmpcranco lccturor now in Sydnoy, every man ? who gets drunk is a drunkard, whether, lie ruins ? himself or not by drinking. ..At Murrarundi, yesterday morning, a man named Edward MTadden had the back of his head ciit off by a railway train. Ho'is 'supposed to have wandered on tho lino while intoxicated. ~ Tho Rov. John 'Wilson, M.A., recently minister, of. the Presbyterian Church, Kiania, was ordamcd as a clergyman 'of the Church of England on Sunday last, by tlio Bishop of Batliurst. Scarcelv any shipping in tho harbor last Thursday. It looked quite deserted with tho shoots standing vortical, as if soliciting the favor of a collior's pre sence. Yesterday was a littlo moro lively. A plebiscite has been taken in Pennsylvania to prohibit the sale of alcoholic liquors. Tho result was that tho proposal was rejected by a majority of 200,000. ' ' ? The Chief Secretary for Queensland has, it is reported, telegraphed to Sir Henry Parkes suggest ing that the decision of tho magistrate in the ease of the Queensland immigrants calls for official inter ference. Several now iron waggons, manufactured at Gran ville for the Southern Coal Company are now being delivered by rail at Unanderra. Sixteen of tho number wero dolivercd by tho southward train on Thursday. : The dredge Hercules takes up her plaace in tho channel every morning, and keeping the buckets playing all day succeeds in removing from two to three punt-loads (2-10 tons each) every day. The work may bo completed within a month. A man named Burke lias been arrested at Winni peg for being concerned in tho murder of Dr. Cronin at Chicago a few weeks ago. Burke has confessed to having taken part in the murder, and expresses his intention of becoming Stato evidence. If tho stato of tho finances will admit of such being done, Mr. Carruthers will restore to the Estimates of next year, tho grant to cover allowances for clean ing tho public schools of tho colony. If not, the cost will have to be borne by the teachers as heretofore. In tho Assembly, yesterday afternoon (we learn by telegram) that the Minister for Works stated that owing to the damage done to roads by tho recent heavy rain and floods, Government have determined to place an additional £20,000 on the Estimates for .repairing these damages. An enigma to civil engineers and those cognis ant with the simple laws of Nature. Tho Wollon gong Council have succeeded in making water run uphill, or rather, to judge from the construction of some of their drainage-pipes, -they must expect that it will. ????:; ' . ? ? : According to the Government Astronomer, we may expect unsettled weather, with more rain on the high lands and on the coast. Mr. Henry, the local weatlior prophet, complains that the Sydnoy astron omers are taking his tips without giving him ; credit for them. ;; ; . ' Martindale,' in tho 'Town and Country Journal' endorses our remarks about the absurdity of having liaek races in any turf club programino. He regards, them as a mistake, and as they are always won by racehorses, and bona-fide hacks haven't a ghost of a show of whining, they are also a misnomer. Mr. Maxted, the director of Government Asylums, has concluded his inquiry into tlio charges mado by Cardinal Moran against tho administration of the Infant's Home at Ashfield and the City Night Refuge for Women. Tile tenor of his report is that tlio allegations mado have not been borne out by fact. On the motion of Mr. Dangar, tho Legislative Council litis resolved that all its members, not absent on leave, bo summoned to give their attendance in tlie' House on the day fixed for the second reading of tho Payment of Members Bill, and during tho con tinuance of tho debate on tho second reading of that measure. : ; , ; ' - Mr. Taylor, one of tlio freetrade candidates for the Central Cumberland vacancy, litis retired at the instance of the Ereotrado - and Liberal Association. Mr. Brodio, another candidate, refuses to bo dic tated to by outsiders, and ho and Mr. Dalo-willgo to the poll. The result will be that, if they, both command a' good deal of support, the protectionist candidate (Mr. Geo) will just about get in. ' A' farewell party given to Miss E. Brown at Slierbrooke, on Wednesday evening last, was numer ously attended by friends who desired to bid adieu to that lady and wish her ' bon voyage' before de parting ? for tho Monaro district, whero the golden knot of eonnubfeil happiness is to tie for life Miss Brown and Mr. R. Brooks, a resident of that district. Joviality and merriment reigned supreme during tho evening. ' Platelaying on tho Southern Colliery's tramway has almost jirrived at a termination, and the ' iron thread' is' nearly complete from screens to jetty. The ballasting of the way. is progressing, but a distance yefc remains uninctallcd, Ou the incline tho winding plant is working very satisfactorily. Very shortly the tail end of the many ramifications involved in the varied work of starting a mine w ill have received a mechanical finale. . . | ? In tho Newcastle Sheffield Handicap, Arthur,! Robinson lias been allotted 8 yards from Samuels, i the dusky champion being on tho 14 yards mat K, and Arthur on 22. Less than six months ago (on Auniversary Day), tho black flyor gave Robinson 21 yards and a beating, the former starting off tho 4 yards mark and tho latter off 25. With plenty of 'ood men also just behind him and many better men ui 'front, Arthur has no show at all. W. Waplcs is on tho limit, 25 yards. It does tho local men good to nominate elsewhere ; tlioy feel all the more dis posed to appreciate fair treatment at the hands of the local handicappers, who invariably givo them from 5yds to 10yds a better show, those gentlemen getting moro blackguarding than thanks for doing so. Although much rain has fallen during tho week in different parts of tho colony, wo have not shared in their pluvial experiences to any extent, tho only shower for tho week falling early on Thursday morning, and being very light, was scarccly sulli cient to lay tlio dust. A singular coincidence has been obsorved in the duration of each interval of fine weather which for the last threc^ weeks has measured- seven cliiys precisely. , 'Wo. have. had occasional gusts from the : west, sometimes inclined to be boisterous, when all-onvoloping clouds of dust accompanied them. Tho wind lias commonly blown from tliat quarter, but has chiefly been calm, but not altogether zephyrous in its searching .dullness, Yesterday ! was : tlio shortest day,- and those , who detest winter are consoling themselves with tho fact that tlio days will soon commonce to lengthen. A quibble having been raised as to tho legality of their election, tho following gontlcmon were ro elocted on Wednesday evening as officers of tho rccontly-ostablishcd Bulli Reservo Riflo Coinpany : — President, Mr. J. D. Walkor ; treasurer, j\fr. W. J. Murray ; secretary, Mr. J. Wynn. Mr. J. P. Abbott has been cleolcd chairman of the Parliamentary Works Committee. It was decided tliat tho conunitteo meet on Wednesdays and Thurs days in each week for tho transaction of business. Tho first proposal to bo considered is tho improve,, inont to tho entraneo of the Richmond River, the ostimatod cost of which is £32G, 000. 'Punishment for offences against tho law very oftou fair heaviest upon inuocont persons. On Monday: last, a man named Sullivan was sentenced to six months' imprisonment for a savage assault upon tho police. Whilo Sullivan will bo comfortably quar ?tered, with sufficient of good, wliolcsomo food, his I wife (a delicate woman, with two small, children), will have to struggle hard to ' maintain hersolf nnd her littlo ones, having no means at all at her command, nor any frionds. ? The poor woman, who is almost dazed at the situation ana half heart-broken, is going tho rounds with a petition urging for a remission of tho long sentonco imposed upon her husband, whom she describes as ono of tho quiotost and best of husbands when sobor. As tho oliarge acainst Sullivan was a serious one, it is hardly likoly that the petition will bo favorably dealt with, but tho kindly disposed might feel inclined to help the unfortunate woman by putting some light employment in her way, or rendering some other assistance to lior whilo in distress. Tlio remnant of the original grant for tho sand' drift works, amounting somo timo back to £100, is gradually dwindling into nothingness. Somo work is going on to offcct repairs to damages the arresting fonces ? sustained during tho recent storm, but . the sum is insufficient to complete the work. Rumour has it that a deputation of influential gontlemeii from Wollongong intend waiting upon tho Colonial Secretary to impress upon him tho necessity of a special grant being placed upon tho supplementary; estimates for this important work. In addition to tlio repairing of injuries to fences, there is the utter necessity for tho oreotion of adrift fence from the racecourse to tho Tom Thumb Lagoon to check the incursions of the sand on that property. This, together with tho repairs required to tho storm removed fences is of vital importance, which most will admit, and it is to bo hoped that the exertions put forward to obtain tho grant will bo characterized by determination and crowned with success. 