MR. AND MRS. DOWSER. Dr Mns. DBowsn. (nSrnoIT IREn ruESS). At 3 o'clock the other afternoon I accident. ally caught sight of Mr. owseorskulkin about the back yard. Ie had acted very restless at dinner-time, and I at once felt that some lhilg.was wrng., A ailer.anmo and.~I could not get outto the barn for half. an hour,' and then it was too late. A horso stood -In the stall, and Mr. Boweor stood looking at the horse. " ave vanou-you--," I gasped., :: . Hoave what " . "Bought another horse, after. thoso" twq dreadful failures" F" " Dreadful failures II boulit on? hbrso and he objected to the' neighburhlobd.;~ .Thlpeother liked the neighbourhood, bt:yduo"'lj o?jctod to his colour." '. lk '/'.... "?dr. Dowser, pleasedcn'thuyanother ,horee. We don't need one, you know, and you wilt surely get swindled." . " Swindled! I got swindled on a horse ! fro. Dowser, the nmal who can swindlse me on ahorse loe yet to be born ! I know 'om from ears to heels. I mca read 'em like 0so 0anyboohe. We need a horse. Here sas a chance for a great hargann, and I improved it. " I'm so-so sorry !" t " That's just like you, but I can't hell it. I don't propose to tlrow n hundred dollars over my shoulder. I bought that animal for 00dol. and just in time to head off a mani who would have beeoon glad to pay 300dol. I wouldn't take i00dol. forhim as he stands there."' I was much put out, and after a time Mr. Dowser followed me nto the house, and said: " Just wait a week, and if he doesn't turn out all right I'll sell him for the 30m0d. and give you the extra 100dol." Nonthing fuethor was said until the next morning, though in tho meantime I heard Mr. Sowsoer telophoning about condition powders, bran-mashes, toe.weighto, quarter.boots hand. holders, and throat- sweaters. It semed to m that ho ordered about.r0dol. worth of those things. Twice, in the night he got up and raised the back window to listen, and he was out of bed and out to the barn with the first beams of daylight. Ho camn into breakfast with a smile all over his face, and announced: " hrs. Dowser yourself and your child ore invited to a sloighiraido after breakfast." "' You don't mia it I" "Dut I do. Not only that, but I hope to show yoe a gait that will throw snow in the eyes of all whto follow." S"?'o had borrowed a neighbour's cuttor and bells, and after breakfast I .got ready. fMr. Dowser said it was better to make our start from the barh, and when gotout thorefound a lengthy, raw-boned, wild-eyed equine pawing the floor and working his ears, and anxious to be off. " " Ho looks dangerous," I said, after watch ags him a minute. ' So does a stuffed lion, but h isn't. How ever, if you are a coward I'll ask rs. Johnson to go." "tor. Bowser, you are as pale as a ghost, and all in a tremble. You are afraid of hime your nslf." "W--what! Afraid of him, or any other horse living!. You can't go with me, Mra. Bowser ! Go right into the hous l" I holdthe horse while he shut tho brn door, and I sized the nimal up as a vicious brute. I fully expected a alamly of some oort, but I would not back out nor lot Mr. Bowsor. go alone.. I entreated him to unhitch, but eo glared at me and replied: r.. "Havo you gono clean daft? This horse is as gentle us a rabbit, and I'd as soon lot the' baby drive him. Whuo, Claudius! Now you may go." d ma, aud youh us didnt go..osa mcut Haop awed the earth ami tls ait,; ?iOd .t l bso hind feet, and seemed to have struck a circus, " Is this a blooded horse ?" I asked of Mr. Bowsor, who was looking puzeled. " Certainly. H eo' a Fearnaught."' "The he dosn't fear us, doeshe And ,do Fearnaught horses always go through these cunning tricks before they start off?" ' Keep still ! Go on, Claudius l" Claudius dropped down on all-fours long enough to use s hind feeoot and send the dash. board of the cutter flyig high above our heads and as I picked the slivers out of my bonnet I< asked Mr. Dowser if he hadn't better lot the baby drive. Just then the beast started. He started with a sort of hop, skip, and jump, which gavo mo the impression that the cutter wanted to get over the fsnca into the next yard. After getting a start the horse laid imself out for run, and as I realised thisI saidto Mr. Dowser, whoso eyeso hung out like onions: "Mo was warranted perfectly docile, wasn't he? This is only his way of getting down town, isn't it?" "lie's running away!" shauted Mr. Bowser, as his hat blow off and a great clod of snow whizzed by his ear.' "But you ain't afraid of any horse livink, youknow? It's preobably some freak on the part of Claudius. What a delightful pace I!' Whatovor eso could be said against thoehorso ho was a runner. Ithad a contract to draw us at the rate of a mile every three minutes, and he didn't stop to count the cost. How we managed to dodge street cars, sleighs, cutters, and trucks, and to turn three or four corners in safety I can't explain, but it was perhaps because I had the lines and Mr. Dowser was looking fora soft plance to fall out on. Thle bruto stopped after a two-milo dash, and when I brought him up to the curbstone a policeman had to lift Mr.Bowser out andgive huna swal low of cordial to braes im up. "I had him almost stopped when a cramp caught me," explained Mr. Bowser to the crowd. ' Ratso " called half a dozen voices. "Say, old man, you aren't fit to drive no such beast as that!" '! Nobody but a fool would have bought souch a brnte !" "Come off, old man, anhd buy, you ahobby horse!" . . - h r!Mr.-Dowsera.d I went homoon the'car.:We didn't say much until we' reached the house. I wasn't going to say much than, but Mr. Dowser turned on me with: "Now, then, explain your conduct I" "'Vhat?" . l"Insnatchingthose lines out of my hand and trying to maco a heroine of yourself I Mrs. Dowser, there isalimit to all things. Youhave reached that limit! I may not be homo again this week !" DBt .ho was. Indeed, he has been very humble ever since. He got rid of the horse next day, gaveme money for a spring bonnet, and It in mutually understood that we don't refer to the past. Tho lfrldf (2th March) writes :-" Unless a substantial addition is made to the yeolmanry eapitation serant the force will dissolve." :1Ir. Stanley Lane- Pools, biographor of Lord Stratford do Redeliffe, is editing Sir George Bowen's reminiscances of his colonial Governor. shlips. 