Ghosts, Witches, and Hauguien. THE Hammersmith ghost was quite a celebrated character at the commence ment of the present century, and the court records of IS04 contain quite a good description of him. For months a tall white figure haunted the lanes and churchyard of Hammersmith, now a London suburb, bnt then a country town. Women were literally frightened to death, and many men developed a speed in escaping from the phantom which they had not flattered themselves upon possessing. An anti-ghost league was formed, and all the able-bodied men in the neighbourhood took part in a vigorous, not to say vicious, hunt for the cause of the alarm. This vigilance committee was unsuccessful, for, although its members caught a glimpse of the phantom, it appeared to have the power of vanishing at will, and no trap could catch it Finally the wife of one Francis Smith was crossing the churchyard at dusk, when the ghost appeared and chased her home. The poor woman was completely overcome with fright, gave premature birth to a child, and expired. Smith smarted for revenge, and, taking his shot-gun, went out into the night to lay the ghost. By this time it was very dark, but Smith could discern something white moving across the churchyard. Without delay he fired, and found to his horror he had shot a neighbour who was wearing a white dust coat. Smith was arrested, convicted, and sentenoed to death, but was n"t executed, and was soon released from prison. Atnon^ the many cases on record in which ullcged witches have been condemned to death, there are few in which any bona fide evidence was brought forward against the miserable wretches, whose doom was sealed before their arrest But the official records of the trial of two widowB at Bury St. Edmunds, in 16G2, speak of evidence of a most remarkable kind. Thus when three of the complainiug witnesses came into court to swear information, they fell down in fits, and after screaming were struck dumb and remained so until the conviction, when they immedi ately recovered the power to speak. The evidence at the trial was very lengthy, and the amount of corroboration was quite tedious. Pains, aches, and other troubles were spoken to, and the Chief Justice, who seems to have been a humane man, decided to put the prisoners to the test in court. The revelations were so extraordinary that the jury convicted the prisoners, who were duly executed, " whereupon the sundry and divers persons who had been bewitched and troubled did regain their wonted vigour, and so remained until their death by natural and proper causes." In the year 1750 a young woman named Anne Green was tried at Oxford for the murder of her child. The evidence was very unsatisfactory, and many believed in the innocence of the girl. But she was convicted, sentenced to be hanged, and duly executed. After hanging half an hour the body was cut down, placed in a coffin, and sent to a house to be dissected. Although the rope had not been removed, and the noose was still tight, those who opened the coffin observed a movement of the woman's breast, " whereupon one Mason, a tailor, intending only an act of charity, set his foot upon her, and one Orum, a soldier, struck her with the butt-end of his musket." But when the doctors came, they found life still existed, and proceeded to adopt steps to secure her recovery, " by opening a vein, laying her in a warm bed, and also using divers remedies respecting her senselessness, insomuch that within fourteen hours she began to pray very heartily." This revival was regarded by the people as an interposition of Providence on behalf of the innocent But the hangman was less superstitious, and demanded the girl so that he might " complete her execution on her." The doctors refused to comply with the request, secured a formal pardon for the the young woman, who married, and lived happily for many years. Early in the eighteenth century, a man named Smith was committed 1 at the York Assizes of house-breaking and sentenced, with many others, to be hanged. The evidence against the accused was very unsatisfactory, and would not have secured his detention for an hour in' this tnorë enlightened and merciful age. 'Smith was promised a commutation if he would confess, but he continued to protest his innocence. He was banged for fifteen minutes, when he was cut down. He soon recovered, " in consequence of bleeding and other applications," and lived several years. His account of his glimpse into eternity is thns reported by reputable 'eye and ear witnesses :— " When he was turne-i off he for some time was sensible of very great pain, occasioned by the weight of his body, and felt his spirits in a strange commotion, violently pressing upward ; and having forced their way to hiB head he, as it were, saw a great blaze or glaring light, which seemed to go oat at his eyes with a flash, and then he lost all sense of pain. That after he was cut down, and began to come to himself, the blood and spirits, forcing themselves into their former channels, put him by a sort of pricking or shooting to such intolerable pain that he could have wished those hanged who had cut him down." Unfortunately for the pointing of a. moral, Smith's familiarity with the gallows seems to have bred contempt for it, for he subsequently went astray, was caught in the act, and handed over, to the hangman. " Half-hanged Smith," as he was called, did hot on this second occasion suffer from a return of those revival pains he so vividly described. Those who have no belief in modern miracles and are sceptical as to remarkable exercises of Providential aid may say theBe cases are all old, and that much that is supernatural in them may be accounted for by the superstition of the ages, and by the inaccuracy of lecords. But there was a case at Bristol during the present decade, in which there can be no possible inaccuracy of record, for the facts were fully reported in all the leading journals, ana were discussed in Parliament at the time. An elderly lady was found dead in her bed, and her butler, a man named Lee, was arrested for the crime. There seemed little evidence against the man, except his presence in the house at the time, and the report of his conviction and sentence was received with some surprise. The scaffold was erected by the professional hangman who tested it and found it to work all right. Lee was led up the steps, protesting his innocence to the last. The hangman pulled back the bolt, but the trap did not fall. Surprised and annoyed, he stamped on it with one foot, but it still resisted. Finally the bolt was replaced and the miserable Lee led to one side. On investigation nothing was found wrong, and indeed the trap fell of itB own weight. Again it was adjusted and Lee placed on it, but again it refused to act. A superstitious awe took possession of the assembled spectators, which was increased when the hangman tried for the third time to complete his task. Six deputies stamped simultaneously on the trap- door which resisted all efforts, and, after over an hoar's delay, the sheriff ordered the prisoner back to his cell, and telegraphed to the Home Secretary for instructions. The case was discussed in Parliament, and it was decided that as Lee could not be hanged he should be imprisoned for life instead. Lee attributed his escape to Providence, and when three years ago a tramp confessed to having&ommitted; the murder, and disclosed where the widow's valuables had been concealed, public opinion endorsed his at first ridiculed assertions, especially as the rebellious trap-door was subsequently used on the actpal murderer with marked success. Two prisoners, named Scott and Johnson, were drowned at Trial Bay prison works on Sunday, whilst bathing on tne outer beach. Getting out beyond the surf they were carried to sea ana drowned. A horrible fatal accident occurred at Molong. James Black, son of Mr. John Black, of the ffoar mills, was running an empty truck down the railway line to the mill, when he was driven with great force upon the handle of a plough projecting over.' from a siding, the handle going completely through his body. In <3ii« position he remained till a doctor arrived. The handle was completely twisted round, and Black's spine had 'po be eat /completely away to release It. 