traveller. <Japancso Superstitions. The household superstitions of Japan are very numerous. . They are harmleEs ; often exciting laughter; yet so entrenched are they in the household that religion, argument, even ridicule can not destroy them. Some of these superstitions have a moral or educa tional pnrpoBe, inculcating lessons of benevo lence, neatness and habits of deanliness. A room is never swept immediately after the departure of the inmate for fefer of sweeping out the luefc. At a marriage ceremony neither the bride nor the groom wears any clothing of a purple color lest their marriage be soon dissolved, purple being a color most liable to fade. If the cup of medicine is up set by accident daring the illness of a person it is a sure sign of recovery. This looks as if the Japanese had faith in our proverb, " Throw physio to the dogs." There are come carious ideas in regard to the finger nails. They must not be cat before starting on a journey lest disgrace fall upon the per son at bis destination. Neither should they be cut at night, leBt cat's claws should grow out. Children who throw the paring of the nails into the fire are in danger of some great calamity. If a piece should fly into the fire while cutting the person will soon die. The howling of a dog portends death. If a woman steps over an egg-shell she will go mad; if over a razor it will become dull; if over a whetstone it will break. If a man should set his hair on fire he will go mad. Children are told if they tell a lie an oni (imp) will pull out their tongues. The wholesome terror of the oni, standing ready to run away with his tongue, has caused many a Japanese youth to speak the truth. The Japanese have a horror of the dark ness ; they always keep a light burning to ward oil ghosts. The junkmen believe in a ghost who comes to them and politely asks to borrow a dipper. The answer decideB the fate of the junkman. If a dipper with a bottom is bestowed upon the ghost, he uses it to bail water enough to swamp the junk, but if the bottom can be knocked out and thrown at him he disappears. In this last case the act must be accompanird by an in cantation, or the ghost turns into a sea cappa-a many-clawed monster-who will drag the junk to the bottom. The Japanese are a gentle, sensitive race, very much under the influence of their emotions. Love with them is a serious matter, often one of life or death. Disap pointment in love or desertion frequently ends in suicide. Sometimes the girl becomes an avenger and implores the gods to curse or visit with death the destroyer of her peace. The passions which thrill and tcrment the human soul are as intense in far-away Japan as in those lands which boast a higher civilisation. 