NEWS AND NOTES. The Perth Local Court will sit at 11 a.m. 4 "The hearing of the charge of manslaughter _ in Regina v. White, has been adjourned till Monday next. A letter from Mr. Lovekin, respecting Mr Horgan's statements reflecting on him, is unavoidably held over. On the fourth page of to day's issue will be found our report of yesterday's proceedings that the Supreme Court, and the continuation of our account of the Governor's departure. c At three o'clock this afternoon, Sir Malcolm Fraser will distribute the annual prizes to the pupils at the Government Boys School. The attendance of the public is invited. The distribution of prizes to scholars attend- ing the Perth Grammar School, will take c place at the Mechanics' Institute, this even 6 all; at eight o'clock. . At the Perth Police Court yesterday morn- ting, before Mr. J. Cowan, acting P.M., of Edward Pettit and John Williams were each fined 10s., or, in default, 14 days imprison intent, for disorderly conduct. * We hear that Mr. P. Hagan, a respected resident of Fremantle, was suddenly seized with a fit, while walking; down High-street, Fremantle, on Tuesday evening. He was r immediately conveyed home and attended by Dr. Birmingham. We are glad to report that yesterday morning he had somewhat recovered from the sudden attack. Amongst the passengers by the special train "which left Perth, yesterday, for Albany conveying His Excellency the Governor and '" Lady Broome, was Mr. S. H. Parker, one of the delegates to England in connection with the passing of the Enabling Bill, who travels to; England in the same steamer as His Excellency and Lady Broome. An error occurred in printing the letter which accompanied the presentation of the "Ladies" bracelet and brooch to Lady Broome. The letter should have been signed by Lady Lee-Steere, and Mrs. Wright, who formed the executive of the ladies' presentation ' movement. After the signatures of Lady Lee-Steere and Mrs. Wright followed the names of the general subscribers to the gift. An old pensioner, named Michael Keeshan, living in Fremantle, was found dead in Man -ring's Paddock, yesterday morning. The deceased had been gathering blackboy, and she was found by his wife and son lying in the paddock, his horse and cart being near. Dr. Hope visited the body and found that death had resulted from apoplexy, probably Moderated by the excessive heat of the previous day. The deceased was an old soldier, and took part in the Crimean war. A special. meeting of the Fremantle Municipal Council was held on Tuesday evening, to consider an application from Cr. W. Farmer for five months leave of absence from the Council, on account of having to proceed unexpectedly to England on urgent business. The Mayor reported that the ex-Mayor, the Town Clerk, himself made others had occupied the best part of the afternoon in endeavouring to find the clause in the Act referring to Councillors absenting themselves from the Council, but they had been unable to find it. After occupying some time in searching the Act, it was ultimately resolved to grant the request, on the supposition that the Council has the power. According to the official meteorological report for the twenty-four hours preceding 9 a m. yesterday, rain fell at the undermentioned observing stations to the extent specified : - Geraldton, -89; Mount Barker, 07. The weather was cloudy at Ashburton, Bannister, Vasse, and Bridgetown ; fine but cloudy at Broome, Dongarra, and Arthur; hazy at Carnarvon ; sultry at Geraldton and York; overcast at Williams, Bunbury, and Kojonup ; gloomy at Albany ; threatening at Bremer Bay and Esperance Bay and generally fine at all other observing stations. The maximum temperature in shade during the same period was as follows: Derby, 102; Cossack, 99 ; Ashburton, 92 ; Carnarvon, 86 ; Geraldton, 80 ; York, 103 ; Perth, 99 ; Fremantle, 94 ; Bnpbnry, 93 ; Albany, 09 and Esperance Bay, 77. The entertainment given at St. George's Hall last evening by Anderson's Opera Comedy and Musical Combine, was not a success as regards attendance, owing, we suppose, to counter attractions. The programme was opened by a musical comedietta, entitled the "Blue Volunteer, or a sharp shot," which, with the interspersing of songs, duets, and character dances, called forth a well deserved round of applause. After a short interval, Mr. G. Anderson recited the !' Ghost scene " from' " Hamlet " with much elocutionary power. The ballad by Miss Minnie Hinson was sufficiently appreciate. 1 to, elicit an encore as was also Mr. G. Anderson's comic song " Bather." All through the audience showed the utmost appreciation, and we think that the entertainment, which is the Company's last one in Perth, will re- pay all those who visit it this evening. Notice Mrs. Whitehead has again opened her Ice Cream Saloon for the season, having imported the ice from Adelaide. 