A DEBT OF HONOR. t. — (Continued.) We met presently in the iobby, and greeted one another with that mingling of incoherent heartiness and embarrassment which usually characterises Englishmen on such occasions. However, we were rescued by one of the Ministers beginning to speak, and accordingly prepared to hurry back to our seats. I bethought myself of asking him to come down and spend the following Sunday at my country house on the Thames. "I should like to of all things," he said, passing his hand through his bair in perplexity, " but there's Luigi, you see. I can never leave »Luigi." "Luigi?" I repeated interroga tively. It waB so like Atherstone of old to speak in this allusive strain, and forget that he needed an inter preter for his conversation. " Luigi Bellamonte," explained Atherstone. " Oh, to be sure; you couldn't know ; I forgot." " Bellamonte !' I cried. The ice was quite broken between us now. " Of course I remember him per fectly. So he has come back to England all right ! And is the Con- tessa with him, too ? If so, pray beg them both-to come with. you." Atherstone's facesSjpji&ned.; He turned abruptly away! 7,it's neither of them," he said in alow voice ; " but the son they left, from whom I never part." Eresh mysteries here. " Well, bring him with you, at any rate," I said . " And, Atherstone, if you could manage to let me know by what train to expect you, t will send the carriage to the station to meet you. It's five miles away, remember." But, recall ing his habits at Balliol, I reflected afterward that he must have changed indeed if he proved capable of this amount of forethought. On Saturday I went down to Greenfield and waited. No word, of course, from my expected guest. I had brought a nephew of 16 or 17 down with me, a Harrow boy, to en tertain this Luigi of Atherstone's. It was a perfect June day. The fresh woods below in the valley were loud with the singing of birds, the river flashed out between them, blue in the sunshine; the lawns were whitened with falling blossoms from the chest nut and may trees, the air was laden with a thousand Bcents. The carriage departed to spend the afternoon at the station, and toward 6 o'clock Con way and S, lying on the short grass beside the drive, heard the wheels turning in at the upper gate. We jumped up as they approached; and Atherstone sprang out in a dis jointed sort of way., A pale youth, about eighteen" or nineteen, with large dark eyes and black, curly hair, sat still in hiB place, smiling vaguely and sweetly, but without speaking or mov ing. He looked to me pale ghost of the brilliant yHgralian who had bid us all good-lVo gayly 12 years before, but theeJps were the eyes' of Margherita Bellamonte; it was absolutely startling. Atherstone turned to him when he had greeted us. "Come, Luigi, and speak to Mr. Holbrook. Ho used to be a friend of yours when you were a little boy. ' i'e spoke in a tone of gentle autho rity, which I afterwards noticed that he always used in addressing the boy. Luigi obeyed with, the docility of a well-regulated child. He was; tall and well made when he stood up, though not bo tall as his guaTdian. He turned to Atherstone, still with the same, vague smile, and asked : — ,„ '""Wns that before?" indicating me. " Yes, before," replied my friend, averting his face. >' " Ob, then, of course t could not remember you," said Luigi, turning to me, as if no further explanation were needed. He spoke English perfectly, in a soft, musical voice ; his manner was charming and quite unembar rassed. My nephew, Conway, glower ing in hot . Belf-consciousness in the background, despised him for it, I saw. I felt very much perplexed, hut asked no questions, for it was easy to see, in spite of his graceful manner,' that there was something wrong with poor Lnigi. He had no more initia- tive than a baby ; he had almost to be told to put one foot in front of the other, and never spoke except in answer to a question. Poor Conway evidently thought I had treated him very badly in foisting euch a visitor upon him for entertainment. At dinner we all began to get on well. Atherstone told some amusing election stories, and Conway cheered up immensely. .He. was panting to hear some tales of blood and naven- ture, with the prospect of whL-h I had bribed him to assume a somewhat less disgusted and injured appearance. Just as we were setting to work on our fish I noticed an odd change in the Italian boy's face. The gentle, vacant smile had disappeared, aid he j was looking about him with an anxious, j apprehensive expression. A young Viennese footman whom I had lately engaged handed him the fish-sauce ; he shrank away and stared up at Hans with an expression of horror and fury which amazed that luckless youth, who stood there still proffer ing the peaceful sauce-boat. Ather stone, absorbed in the story he was relating, noticed nothing. I told Hans in German to pass on, but had scarcely spoken the wordB before Luigi started up with an incoherent exclamation, and, staggering back a siep or two, fell senseless on the floor. Athers(one was beside him in a moment, the bu'.ler and Hans rush ing to the rescue. "For heaven's sake send tbat German boy out of the room," exclaimed Atherstone, when Luigi t-hovied signs of coming to life again. If. La' ei in the evening, when pence wan M-H.ond, Luigi upstairs and Con- v.'.v relinit-g his feelings by set ing night lines in the b.g pond, my ftiesd and I Bat out in the verandah smok ing cigars in the warm twilight. Atherstone was silent for some time, but presently, heaving a mighty sigh, he spoke. " I owe you some explanation," he began, thrusting his band through the long locks at the sido of his head till they stood out at right angles to it, with an action familiar of old. "Not at all," I said, crossing one knee comfortably over the other. " Don't attempt any unless you feel inclined. I am afraid, though, you are iu trouble. You look worn out, and you have a heavy burden on your hands. It is just like you, Ather stone, to sacrifice yourself in this manner. I call it over-indulgence in benevolent action carried to an in temperate excess. If you must act guardian to that poor boy, why. can't you get some one to look after him instead of giving up your whole life to him in this way ?" Atherstone interrupted me with a groan of anguish. "Give up my whole life ?" he cried. "You little know what you are talking about. Do you know, Bolbrook, that I am a murderer, that the deaths of Luigi's father and mother both lie at my door, and that the wreck of himself is all my fault — my fault?" He grew louder and loudar in his excitement ; it was necessary to calm him. I was startled, I own, and should have been more so if these statements had been made by auy one less extravagant in speech a ad action than Atherstone. " My dear fellow," I said, " you look like the remorseful 4 Weelyam ' of the melodrama. Men who hare really committed murder don't treat it in thiB sort of style. Do be oalm, and tell me your story in a manner suited to my plain and unpoetical im agination. 1 have little doubt that you will prove to he a quite conven tionally respectable character after all." A little gibing reduced him quickly to a more collected frame of mind, az.d he went on : " I should like to tell you about it. It is so long since I have seen anyone belonging to the old days, l had began to think they never existed except in my own imagination. The sight of you Beems to bring it al> back and make real that impossibly old life. Here are you, at 34, a young man with a career before you; pros perous, able, making your mackm the world, with nothing hut hop) in the future and no regrets in tie past ; while 1 at the same time have nothing but the wreck of a miserable life left, - and the .irreparable harm I hive done embodied in human form alwajs 'before me. Well, it cheers ma some- bow to be near you for a bit and sit in jthe sunshine of your prosperity. 1 had almost come to disbelieve in the existence of happiness." I gave a grunt of sympathy and of dhapprobation of these morbid senti ments, and he started again : "You remember how I persuaded Bellamonte to go back and take part in the war of Italian unity, and how we all went off from Oxford together." " I remember all the circumstances perfectly," I replied, "though how yoti ever succeeded in reaching the station whole and in sound wind and limb has been a subject of speculation for, my leisure moments ever since." He did not seem tdihear, and after a few momepts of absorbed.reflectioo, leaning Jprward with . his hands . plunged in his hair,. he went on : " Our headquarters were at Milan. Wc met the chief there ; , and he - was delighted to welcome Count Bella monte, » man of property and in fluence in that part of the world, and one of the finest fellows that ever walked the ear,th. Bellamonte was employed in ad sorts of ways.. His v wife's Austrian connections made him 1 valuable where negotiations were concerned, from his knowledge of the feeling on the opposite side. " Moreover, he turned outa splendid soldier; so Garibaldi gave him a high command in the army, and relied upon him to carry through every sort of daring enterprise. No undertaking was ever too desperate for Bellamonte, and his men would follow him any where. His gay and dauntless courage sustained them in emergencies, and brought them by Bheer pluck out of many a pass that would have seemed absolutely hopeless to anyone else. "His wife had a terrible time, continually moving about the country after him with the boy ; continually forced to fly from one place to another before the advance of her own countrymen; never know ing when Bbe parted from her hus band whether she would ever see him again. Her family and friends heaped the bitterest reproaches upon her for having, as they supposed, turned traitor to her country, and brought Luigi back to fight against them. I knew that I had been the means of bringing about all her sufferings; and though generally sure of having done right in the main, still I can tell you, Holbrook, it was pretty bard work to meet that un happy woman, with the consciousness that I was the cause of her misery, and that she knew it even better than I. Yet she never addressed a word of reproach to me. I often wished that she would. She never spoke to me at all if she could help it; and sometimes, when I watched her growing thinner and paler, an awful doubt seized me as to whether I was not, in reality, tbe blackest villain on earth. There was a look in her eyes, when she did turn them upon me, that mode me feel uncommonly like it. I did all could to help her; hut if ever she found ont that any arrangements for her comfort or safety were my doings she would reject them at once ; or, if it were necessary for the child's sake, took any service from me as if it would have choked' her. Bellamonte in vain tried to persuade his wife to take the boy with her, and wait for him in safety on the other side of the Swiss frontier, but no power on oarth could induce her to leave him, though he was, of course, continually sepa latedfrem him by the chances of the campaign. She clung to him ; as closely as she could, and followed him as closely as Assunta did the General. "This went on for nearly four yeaTs, and all that time I was struggling in vain to join the army. My desire was to fight, but, greatly to my disappointment, the chiefs de cided that- 1 was more useful to them in other capacities — to take messages between them, for instance, when they were, in hiding, and to be a centre of communication generally. Being an Englishman, and apparently unattached to either party, I was able to move about tolerably freely, and escaped suspicion for an incredible time, to my surprise, for, as you know diplomatic craft and subtlety are not much in my line. 1 hated the hole- and-corner" business; I longed to go in and give some hard blows for the cause; but you can no more help doing what Mazzini bids you than you cau help putting one foot before the other when you walk. They said all my blundering, ridiculous ways were really most useful to them ; they mis led wiseacres on the other side iuto believing me a harmless British simpleton. " But in the end, to my great de light, the enemy got on the right scent. I was no use as a messenger any more, and the long-desired com mission for Garibaldi's army at last arrived. "We were all at Milan together just then. It was held by the Aus- trians, but negotiations were on foot, and we believed that we were in no danger. . . Beside, we were : well dis guised and in hiding with those whom we' could trust. I had secured com fortable and safe quarters for the Beilamontes, without the Con- tesaa knowing that she was at all i indebted to me in the matter. I was in tremendous spirits, and just on the point of setting out to make my way to the army when a message arrived purporting to come from one of the chiefs, who did not know I hod got my commission, directing me to give a verbal message, on the second day from that time, to some one whom I was to meet at a spot named, about a mile from the towni. " I was thrown into a raging per plexity. My orders were to join the regiment at once. Any delay seemed to me like dashing the cup from my lips in the moment of attainment. I could not endure the hindrance, and the mes sage seemed to be one of quite secondary importance. . Bellamonte came to my help and under took to carry the, communi cation. I could not see that there was any risk in connection with it ; so 1 thankfully accepted his offer, and departed to join my regiment, which was then near Leghorn. " A week afterwards I received a letter from Milan, directed in a hand that was somewhat familiar to me. I opened it, and saw to my amazement the signature of Inchkeith at the end. inchkeith of Corpus—do you remember him ? A short, black balled, cantankerous man, who went into the Austrian cavalry just about the same time we left Ox ford." "I remember him perfectly," I said'.""" Go on, old fellow." But he paused for several minutes, his face hidden in his hands. " That letter," he continued brokenly at last, " told me that Bel lamonte was dead, his wife dying, and that be had named me as guardian of their boy, who might or might not live until I arrived. No particulars were given. There was a pass enclosed from the Austrian General, and an urgent appeal to come at once to Milan. I got leave, I suppose, and went like a man walking in his Bleep. I read the letter over and over again, but I could not take it in. I was not capable even of wondering how all thiB had come about. They told me afterwards that, whenever anybody spoke to me, I could say nothing but 'Bellamonte is dead, his wife is dying, and Luigi too.' They thought I was mad, and so I was — quite mad, or rather idiotic, for the time. But when I arrived in Milan and drove through the familiar streets this dazed condition began to pass off, my frozen brain awoke and shrank horror-stricken before the thing it had to face. " When I arrived at the house in the narrow, street behind Sant Ambroglio, Inchkeith in hiB Austrian uniform met me half-way up the stone staircase, and dragged me into an apartment below that whioh the Beilamontes occupied. " 'The little boy has taken a turn for the better," he said. ' Come in here and rest a few minutes before you go up to the fourth floor. I am going to make you take some of thiB old Burgundy; you look more dead than alive/ He had led me while speaking into a room where there was a table set out with food and wine. I staggered to a chair and waved him away. 'The Con- tessa,' I gasped. 'What news. oE her?' " He turned away , abruptly, and set down the glaes he had filled on the table. There was silence in the room for a minute or two. Then : ' It is better .so,' said Inchkeith presently, speaking yyith his back turned toward me ; 4 it is far better. She went very peacefully at sunrise this morning. Thank God, she never awoke to the consciousness of what had happened after we brought her home. Upon ray word it would be well if that poor little fellow upstairs were to .follow his father and mother, as'tbings are Jikely to be with him.' 'For heaven's safte,' I slid ' tell me quickly how it all came about, Tell me all, all.' '"My dear fellow, you are worn out,' said Inchkoith. ' I won't say another word till you have had sirno wine.' 'I won't touch it,' I cried, (damping with irapationce, for a hor rible suspicion was beginning to gather foi'in in my mind. ' Do you want lo drive mo mad? Gj on, go n.' "And lien he told me all. it seemed that when Bellamonte was about to start on his errand, his wife became unaccountably nervous ana reluctant to let him go. The maid whohad stayed by her through all those troublous times told us afterwards that she had flung herself on her knees before her husband, imploring him to stay at home and leave the message undone, in a wild way very unlik'e her ububI courageous resigna tions. She said she had forebodings; but the Count thought tbem merely the result of physical weakness from the long strain on her nerves, and tried to laugh them away. Finding that he was determined to go, ahe became calm, but nothing would hold her back from accompanying him. After trying for some time to dissuade her he gave in, not supposing that there was really any risk in the ex pedition. " Little Luigi and this maid went with his parents. They were all dis guised as peasants, and strolled through .the pleasant October sun shine to a little vineyard a mile or two beyond tbe city. A horse and cart were fastened to a tree, but nobody was in sight ; so they sat down to wait. Luigi laughed and played with a little dog he found there; and Bellamonte, lying at his wife's feet, tried in every way to cheer and rouse her from her depression. Presently he pulled a trail of reddened autumn leaves from the .vine and bound them together, singing a gay little peasant's song the while. He had never been more merry and un suspicious of danger, said the maid. When he had finished his crown, he placed it on his wife's head, and bent down to kiss her. "At this -moment the little dog, excited probably by Luigi's games, gave Bome Bhort, sharp barks. There was a sudden gleaming of white uniforms through the vines and a clanking of Bwords and spurs. Bellamonte started up with an exclamation, and pulled a pistol from his bosom. Margherita threw herself silently and swiftly in front of him, but he pushed her aside with gentle violence, and told her for the boy's sake to keep behind. The vine yard was completely surrounded by a detachment of .the . cavalry regiment to which Inchkeith belonged. He himselE was of the- party, as also Margherita's eldest brother. " The message brought to me had been an entire fabrication, a trap of the enemy's, who were watching the Bpot,but who had not known how valuable a prey was to fall into their hands. Bellamonte was, of course, overpowered immediately. That was a war waged with deadly hatred on both sides; deeds of violence were common enough. " The order had been given before hand that whoever was taken prisoner at this rendezvous Bhould be . Bhot as a spy on the spot, and the officer in command bade them make ready to carry it out. Mar gherita clung to her husband like a mad woman. He waB quite calm and collected. He smoothed her hair and soothed her like a child, entreating her to go home at once with her boy, to take him. away directly, sc that they might not see the end. The .rough soldiers themselves began to be deeply moved by the scene and with admiration of hiB courage. Inchkeith was tolerably inured to bloodshed, but he turned away, sickened at the thought, of butchering this brave man, whom he recognised as his old acquaintance at Oxford. " Margherita, suddenly perceiving her brother among the officers, flew to him and revealed herself, with agonised entreaties that he would save her husband. Unhappily, the officer in': command dared not dispute the orders be : had received; ana the revelation that one of his moBt dangerous enemies had fallen into his hands only confirmed Bella- monte's doom. " The Colonel was apprehensive of the effect of the scene if prolonged upon his men, and bade them prepare to carry out the sentence at once. Margherita's shrieks at first were terrible to hear; they mingled with those of the child and the maid. But when she saw there was no hope of mortal aid and small spacafor parting she collected herself .with an extra ordinary effort of will, that she might not embitter and lose these lasc moments. Bellamonte's courage had never seemed to waver, hut the sound of her wail, he said, was worse than death to him. He appealed to Mar gherita's brother for the .protection of bis wife and child, until Buch time as they should lie able to leave for England, whither he begged her to go without delay to his aunt. " The brother, a weak creature, was too helpless and unnerved to answer. Inchkeith came forward and told Bellamonte that he was resolved to relinquish his commission at once, and lhat he never would leave the Contessa and her child till he bad brought me to their help, or had handed them over. 'himself to their relatives in England. He thanked him, and gave him messages for me. to be concluded. 