MAD NELLY'S CURSE. A True Ghost Story. By JOSEPHINE BLACK. " What is the matter, Preston ?" I asked, springing up the steps. " Where is the coach that drove up here just now ?" " Oh, then, it was it, sir?" was his most ambiguous answer. "I thought as much. You've seen the Phantom Coach, sir. The 'old squire's' at his work yet. Oh, Lord ! if you heard the thunderin' knock. The mistress, and the young mistress, and the priest, and all the ladies heard it, and when I opened the door and only a cold blast swept in and up the stairs, like a whirlwind, and I could see nothin' at all, I guessed what it was. And you saw it ; the gentlemen, too ? Glory be to God. I thought now we had a Catholic Tyner in the ould place at last, it would have been all different. But, maybe that's what's maddening him." By this time, the ladies had hurried out of the drawingroom, and a nice hubbub there was, everyone exchang ing notes of their experiences of the phantom, it was. Among them came our good kind parish priest, Father Delaney, who I knew was to dine with us that day. He had lived in the parish for many years, and to him, the coming of a Catholic Tyner into possession of Ballytyner was a source of unqualified delight. I hurried towards him at once, and all followed us into the drawingroom. "Can you throw any light on all this, father ? " I asked. " Who and what was the old squire — and do you think, is this haunting work to go on for ever? It certainly is anything but pleasant." I really was in such a remarkable position, as head of a haunted house, that I was glad to call in reliable spiritual guidance. "I have heard of this very, very often before," said the priest. " It is a popular tale with our people about here. I have always tried to check such stories as much as possible, but it was not always easy to do so. One poor fellow, about this time last year, was found in a ditch bruised black and blue. He declared that he had seen the phantom coach, and described its coming just as you have done, with a terrible noise in the distance, and then with a soft, muffled sound, as it drew near. He said that he laughed at it, and that it came nearer, nearer, till he felt himself crushed between it and the ditch. However, as he was on his way home from a fair, it was very hard to know what credence to give to his relation. Strange, though, that his account was so like yours." "I had repeated my question as to the old squire, and the priest was about to answer when the dinner gong sounded, and all agreed to defer any further discussion on the subject until later in the evening, when Father Delaney would relate it to us, all as sembled round the drawingroom fire. "And now, Father, for the old squire," I said, when we were all gathered within at least a certain radius of the hearth-rug. " Well, the story is not a very long one," said the priest, "but it runs as follows : — Nearly a century ago, the Squire Tyner, of Ballytyner, then living, was a very wicked man indeed. His appearance you can judge of, from the portrait in the diningroom, and you may see he had a fair share of good looks. My worthy host must excuse me, for remarking that the present squire bears a remarkable resemblance to it. But whatever may be the reason, there is a wonderful improvement in the expression of the features. Let us put it all down to the beautifying effect which our holy religion, well followed in all its hear ings, must have on the human counten ance." This compliment being acknow ledged by several hear, hears, the good priest went on : " The place is a good deal changed since then, but the diningroom, and all that part of the house, are much the same. He spent a great part of his time here, now and then however, going off to Dublin for a month or two, returning here with wild com panions as wicked as himself. We may imagine that he had little res pect for religion in any form, but he had a dire hatred, as well as con tempt, for anything connected with the Catholic religion. One day, he was driving along the sea road below us, through the village. You may have noticed a fine house there, standing somewhat back from the road, with a large gate before it. Well, I suppose some friend of his lived there, but on this day of which I speak, he came driving up in his grand coach, seated on the box himself. There was no one to open the gate for him, and his eye fell on a poor old priest seated on the low wall by the road, looking out at the sea. He shouted out to him — ' Hulloa ! fellow, open that gate for me.' The old man was very feeble, and had come to the place for his health. Whether it was that he felt unequal to the effort, or, more likely, his dignity resented the imperious order, but he refused. 'Open it this instant, or I'll horsewhip you — you Popish hound,' roared the squire. Again the old man refused. Then the wicked squire leaped down, and com menced to carry out his threat, lash ing time after time at the frail, shrink ing shoulders of the priest. In a moment, the whip was wrenched from his hand, and a voice cried out beside him ; "May the next bit you eat, choke you ! May your spirit never rest, and your race be accursed." Turning in amazement, expecting to see some powerful opponent before him, he saw an old woman — so old, that it seemed a miracle that her feeble strength could wrest the whip from his powerful grasp ; but there it was, floating out to sea, and there she stood, her grey locks flying in the sea breeze, her figure drawn up, her eyes flaming with indignation, and a wild light, half-madness, half-inspiration, burning in their depths. Whatever the squire read there, we know not ; he did not stay to combat with her, but leaped up into his seat again, and drove off at a great rate towards Ballytyner. " Aye !" said the old woman, " may you drive like that for ever, and have no rest. You can never have rest, that have touched the Lord's an nointed ! May your race be accursed !" "Nay," said the old priest, in a weak, failing voice, "curse not the innocent to come. The sin is his— Yet it is the innocent that shall atone for his sacrilege !" That night the old priest died. That night, Squire Tyner sat down to dinner in the room we have just left, with a gay party of friends. He told them laughingly, of what had happened during the day, and, looking at a piece of tender young fowl on his plate, he bade them watch how the next bite would choke him. Tender, however, as it was, a small splint of bone con cealed in it, fastened across his throat, and a few minutes after, despite all the endeavours of his friends to save him, the wicked squire was dead. When the time came for the funeral, the grand hearse, with its plumed horses, and all the pomp of a great funeral, assembled, " Mad Nelly," the old woman who had uttered the curse, stood amongst the bystanders, bidding them watch and see what would happen. The moment the great oak coffin was placed in the hearse, the horses started, trembled from head to foot, and then reared, plunged, and tore along, flinging the coffin out upon the _ ground. At last, so the story runs, the priest was brought, who blessed the horses and read prayers over them, after which they were in duced to bear the coffin to the grave. They say that Mad Nelly kept up a running fire of prophecies, saying that the curse would show in every genera tion until, as the priest had said, " the innocent should atone." Well, one would have thought the innocent in one way did atone, for some terrible fate has followed one in every genera tion, and the doomed one always saw either the squire, or the phantom coach, though it has always been said, that in each case it was a just punish ment of sin. I have heard many a conjecture about the neighbourhood since you came, and many wondering surmises, as to whether the old squire's ghost would be laid yet. " One thing strikes me very forcibly, father !" I broke in here, "and it is that, if you can arrange it, we should have Mass said in that precious old dining-room." To be Continued. 