OUR HOBART LETTER. I Trades Unionism boa asserted itFelf in Hobart, and made its pretence folt, although fortunately nothing very serious has resulted. Tbe facts of the case are that Mr A. M'Gregor being desirous of having the whaling barque Waterwitch unloaded with all possible despatch, put on a number of wharf laborers to do the work, but finding that they were not getting tls* work done as rauidlv as he could wieh, decided to facilitate matters by transferring the crew of the Harriet McGregor, for the time being, to the Water witch, but no sooner had this been done than the wharf laborers struck in a body, asserting that their rules precluded them from working alongside of non-union men. The owner of tbe vessel was one of tbe staunchest supporters of the Trades Union Bill vchen it was being passed through Parliemeut a few weeks ago, and it is somewhat strange tbat be should be the first to feel the effects of unionism. The present difficulty has resulted in tbe ap pointment of a board of arbitration which, it is to be hoped, will have a beneficial effect in future disputes of this character. The all-absorbing topic this week is the aldermanic election, for which there are three vacancies, and it cannot be said that the electors have not a sufficiently large number from whom to make their selec tion, inasmuch as there are no fewer than I eight candidates, such as they are. The three retiring aldermen, Messrs. Reynolds, Amott.and Howard offer themselves for re election, and of tbe others only one— Mr J. | G. Davis— has bad any previous experience 1 in Municipal affaire. All right-thinking citizens would do well to return to tbe j Council Chamber men of ability and in I tegrity, men who will do their duty faith I fully, fearlessly, and conscientiously, apart from the influences of any particular : section of the community ; men who | will put their feet down and oppose i the expenditure of the ratepayers, money in a lavish manner, but in a way calculated to promote the beet inter i ests of the community generally. In the past | we have had too much of the time-serving principle— too much anxiety evinccd by our city fathers to curry favor with this or that particular section of tbe ratepayers, the consequence being tbat matters muni cipal bave very much degenerated, and the class of men coming forward to do duty as aldermen are not of that stamp as a rule that one would expect to find repre senting tbe capital city of the coioay. The question is often asked, ' Who is to blame for this kind of thing ?' The answer should be, tbe ratepayers themselves, seeing tbat 1 they retain in tbeir own bands tbe power of returning or rejecting any candidate who may present himself for municipal honors. It is much to be desired for the fair fame of tho city, and in tie best in terests of the citizens generally, that those holding the balance of power will return the best men on this occasion, for a change i6 sadly needed. Speaking of elections and alderman re minds me that a churge of a very serious nature has been levelled nt one of our aldermen through the columns of tbe local papers, ond certaiuly if the report be true the matter id one that will occupy the tiiue and attention of tbe law courts at no v*ry distant date. Tbe particulars are shortly these: — A number of window shutters have, it is alleged, been removed from the new morket to the residence of the aldermAn in question, and there made UFe of in the ordinary way, having been eo altered as to mir, the requirem-nts of Lbe cbonge of circumstances. Whilst on matters municipal T might say tbat Dean Dundus bad soa -thing *o say on this subject on Sunday morning laist, when he dilated on what, the moral character of our legislators and city fathers should he. His words wera something to this effect:— 'The public were to be con demned for setting up too low a standard for their public men, and in choos ing fuT aldftrnntn, not w«n of ability, but those wbo pledged themselves to support a particular class. Members of Parliumenr, too, were, he said, selected in th« same off hand manner. These men voted lor laws being brought into existence having for tbeir effect tbe putting down of gambling and other abuses, but were often known to take part in objectionable prooeediugs of tbis nature in semi-public places ' Un doubtedly the Dean bits straight and hard at abuses wherever they exist, without fear or favor. Jt was off the Castrsy Esplanade on Saturday afternoon lost, when the sun stood high in the horizon, and tbe storey clouds with murky fleece were mustering in tbe north-west tbat a ferryboat with two members of the Fourth Estate in charge could be 6een scudding along the waters of the Cove. The eea looked black and grim, and loudly hissed beneath the lee of the frail craft. It was a time for experienced mariners to beaz_ a wary eye, more especially as the wind and wave seemed tQ have entered into some dark conspiracy to thwart the skill of those whose fate it was to battle with tbe roarinshurricane. The two bold mariners wbo are known to their comrades as Flinders and Furneaux, mocked the fierce assaults made on them by the howling nor' wester, the former, a living embodiment of the ancient mariner, sending forth a laugh that raog from stem to stern of the ! boat as she climbed the swelling base of a I wave and rushed through an avalanche of I brine. One fatal squall at length struck ' the boat, and one fatal billow, liko ten \ billows heaped in one, with fearful ep&Bii; came rolling in. and with horrid roar overwhelmed the Elsie May. Brief pause hod Furneaux ond Flinders to offer up a prayer, or think of wife or home, the water* closing over them, and when they shrieked they shrieked below the foam. ' Where lam l.' said Flinders, 'In tbe breatbiog world or in tbe world of death?' and with a I sharp and sudden pang 'he drew nnother I Pirti of tyejtb &s; heeun^ bin wile -2«=*nly | into the ke*»l of the upturned boat, neanx. wbo had a strong grasp of tbe ket., looked into his comrade's eyes fand thought of the happy dayswhen he wasa little ^inlets child, ond wnrbled softly tbat mournful air. ?4 My nativo fields I never more shall tee.' All of a sudden it occurred to Furneaux thot shark* were reported to abound in the waters iu which he was immersed. The : thought gave him a feeling as if his bock 1 was sluiced with freezing springs. Flinders, on being made aware of the fact, bore a je^emblauce to e paJe- ebeeted ghost with gory locks upstarting from the tomb, and asked, in trembling end aimless tones, upon what dreadful lake he was. When the sun broke through tbe storm- , cloud with ell its effulgence it disclosed the yacht Mabel bearing down on the upturned craft, and just as a thousand horrid shapes, begot of licroc extreme*, were coursing through Flinders nnd Furneaux'brains.they , faund themselves clutched by two pair of hands and hoisted to the deck of the rescuing yacht Tears of gratitude fr-11 alone and unchecked from tho eyes of the rescued, and when they reached the «hore they ble^fd the heart that bad n friend a sympathising ear to lend to troubles too great to smother, and over-spnrklirg bubbling bumpers cheered her sorrows,' and mentolly vowed that tbe near future should see ferry boats given a wiae berth, and closer attention paid to field pastures. Ilow strange it is that while our local speculators and investors are straining every nerve to obtain an interest in Broken Hill and other shares outside the colony instead of putting tbeir money into local ventures, that are admitted by tbe beet of judges to be beyond doubt a surety, capitalists from England and elsewhere are stepping iu and securing tbe plums of our West Coast properties, a matter that is worthy of congratulation, inasmuch as they will no doubt instil energy and activity into the operations necessary to tbe opsning up ot our vast resources tbat are lying almost dormant in that field of wealth. 