TO THE EDITOR. —Yours, &c.;, VERITAS. SIR, —“ Peace on earth and good will to men" is a sentiment that is surely never given utterance to within the walls of an Orange Lodge. At the meeting in the Alfred Hall on Friday, the burden of the speeches seemed to be, that while Protestants claimed perfect freedom to believe and to do “ whatsoever seemeth good unto them,” it was the peculiar privilege of Orangemen to deny this right to others, and to utilise the destructive principles of their secret society in a war of extermination against the Catholic Church. It is not easy, to conceive how intelligent ami sincere men could stand up and talk as did those brave Orangemen on the occasion to which I refer.. There was, however, in some of their statements’ an ud mixture of grim humor that was, in a sense, perfectly eujoyable. One rev. speaker de clared that if there were more Orangemen there would be less crime. Apropos of this, the Melbourne Punch of last week reminds its readers of a 12th July demonstration that once took place in Melbourne, when Orange banners were flying from the windows of certain hotels; then when crowds had begun to assemble Orange faces appeared at the same wiudotv, and the muzzles of Orange guns; and when the people below, headed by the mayor, demanded a withdrawal of the offensive display, a volley was fired by these good fellows, killing and wounding a number of innocent persons. To plain simple people it would appear to be rather a blessing than otherwise that Orange Societies are no longer recognised as respect able bodies, though they may possibly in clude a few respectable nobodies who ought to know better. _ Another interesting re mark at this gathering was, that through the lack of Orange principles in our midst a Catholic institution was permitted to be established in Ballarat under the blas phemous title of the Holy Ghost College. Apart from the insulting insinuation against the intelligence and piety of the Catholic members of our community, such a remark is too absurd to proceed from the mouth of any but an Orangeman. The old English phrase “ Holy Ghost” is almost identical with the more modern expression “ Holy influence,” and surely a better name for an educational and religions establishment could not well be found. Moreover, there is no warrant for attaching a greater signifi cance to the name of the Third Person of the Holy Trinity than to that of the Second Person, at whose name every knee should bow. Yet we have in Ballarat a “ Christ” Church, and there is in England a “ Jesus” College. But with an Orangeman “ the end justifies the means,” and he must revile the Catholic Church at any price. 