MISS EYOM OF EYON COURT BY KATHARINE S. MACQUOID, Author of "Patty" "at tub Red Glove," "In the Swkkt Springtime," Ao. All Rights Reserved. CHAPTER I. — Marjorib Mian Eyon had always lived at Eyou Court. Since her brother John died she had reigned as undisputed governor of Eyou Court and all that appertained to it. Down in Wenburu, tho littio grey village lhat lies on the hill-side far beiow tho gaunt Manor liour.e, it was said that the property was very large ana mat miss Eyou bad no power to will it away. »Sho was only a life tenant ; everything, including the hoiise and all the personal property, would go to a young girl, her great niece Marjorio, the daughter of a man who bad shamed his people, the Jiyon?, of Eyon Court, by marrying a mere pretty face, a girl without a pcuny, a poor country parson's daughter. To-day, the weather being gloomy and lower ing enough for November, though it was only September, the Tveuburn gossips had assembled earlier than usual at the Bladeboue, and while they stood before the bar window, each waiting for his mugful of ale, this one subject of the aunt aud the niece whs on orery tongue — that is to say, ou every tongue that wagged; about lour - mouths wore seldom closed; the other gossips listened aud swallowed their thin ale. On a Rionc scat outside the inn two men eat smoking long clay pipes. The pipes kept them silent, and a succession of blue wreaths of Muoku had formed a veil, through which a shaggy red beam in the ono case, and in the other a glowing crimson nose, could alouc be accurately distinguished. "She be coomin'," said red-beard at last. His compauion bent his bead on one side aud listened. Ho was a trifle deal', butcvcn a deafer m«m could havo distinctly hoard tho grating of wheels as they climbed the hill below the village, " Woonkcrs " — the red-nosed man was speak ing now— "Ah would like to see t'mcetin' atwixt t'old maid nn' t'young lass, uobbut t'will bo cat an dog life atwnen 'cm." Tho rcd-bcarcled man took hia pipe from his mouth and held it between his lingers. He contemplated his companion with surprise and al.co with some contempt. " You roam from place to place, Tobias, till youforgits t'powcrs that bo. Man, Muss Eyon is t'quecn in this parr- of Yoredale, let alone other places, so now ye know." Tobian closed his huge list, then opened it and flung his hand outwards with scorn. " Uahsakes," he said, "Ah in ay roam, but Ah be a freeman. Ah have no customers to trim mnh sails fur. Likes o' you, Muster Butter- man, mun shape their tongues to pleease their betters. Poor dcevils." Mr. Luke White, v.- lio sold butter and all necessary article at tbe one shop in Wcnburn, at this scoff turned so red that, his face and beard and eyebrows seemed ablaze together; hut be did not enswor. A pnGtchaisu with two tired horses came ttp at the moment arid Mopped before the Blade- bone. Before t't:e postboy could make inquiry a girl's face looked ont of the carriage window. Tobias muttered an exclamation, but Luke Y»rhite stood up arid raised his bat. " Go on as fust as you can," the girl's young mice said to tbe postboy ; "that is Eyon Court, the grey house upon the hill in front." She drew in her head aud the carriage drove on. Fevernl of tbe mug-drainers had come out, and now there was a noisy chorus of praise about the la?s's beauty. " Woonkcrs," said Tobias, " there will be a pair o' queers oop at t' Court." Luke White shook hi head and muttered something in his tenth that had a sound of dissent. Meanwhile the younger Miss Eyon. or Mar jorio, as tbc gossips at the Bhulobone called her, was looking ont at tho sceuerv while the carriage climbed tho steep ascent. The slow rate of the borees gave her plenty of time to observe that the carriage road was ter raced up the left sido of tbe ridge which shut in this side of Yoredale. Far below on her right was the broad dashing river, fuller than usual ; so much rain had fallen early in the month that instead of being partly cumbered by gray stone heaps the water fiov.ed briskly, churning yellow foam agaiust its stonr banks and also against any obstacle that came in its way. On the farther side of tho river the hills rose almost straight above it, and did not form an unbroken ridge like their opposite neighbor?. Detached giants rose up with huge square-capped' heads, while taller, more distant peak?, peeped over the shoulders of their dark brethren. There were few trees and little grass ou the brown hills in the foreground, and Marjorio thought they made a drear and savage picture. Now and then a gorge showed between two of them, and in this she could mak) out a slender thread of silver a? it glinted down to tho river, shaded by trees overhead. " There may be beauty in those little glens," the girl thought, "but I did not think a place could look so dreatf at this time of the year." Qli«i tii'tind iin?r»t-lv « flio fn tntf as if its back and front meant to part company. The mountain ridge on her right curved forward : towards the rirer, aud made a seeming harrier \ some way in front ; on a spur of this, 30ft. or so nboY<", but directly faciuf; her, stood a jl Fomhre-Iookitig house, which she ku«w must bo Eyon Court. i The carriage was jolting across a little stono- enmbered stream which ran past the gates of tho Manor House on its way to the Yore. The postiliou phrugced his shoulders when he cot down to open tbe trnics There was no lodge in sight, and the drivo inside the gates was almost as rough as the road hail been. Another quarter of an hour pasted at a crawl ing pace in semi-darkness, for tbe trees grow thickly on each side, nnd then Marjorio saw in tbe gloom a heavy stone portico supported ou pjll.irs : a faint light flickered iu the pitch-like darkness within. The cavriagc door wus opened ; a tall woman let down the steps and hold out a large hand to help the visitor. "Follow me, ma'am," sho said; "the man must wait " Marjoric was ready to nay sho would pay the man and dismiss "nun, hut the woman had turned in at. the dark doori/ay and the girl felt she must follow her. She saw that Miewas in a largo hall, only lighted by a caudle which her guide took up from the table. " Yc'll come this way, ma'am," she said. Murjoiie could make out that she was going upstairs. Tho girl put out her hand nud feit tho way, but in a few moiuonU her guide stretched a long arm across tho balusters, and tho cheerful light of a- hanging lamp shone out over tbc hall and the broad staircase. Murjorie looked instinctively to see her guide's face, but sho could only «eo a straight pair of brand shoulders as the woman went bntkly upstairs. There was an open archway on the lauding, nnd instead of following tho staircase the tall woman passed into a long gallery beyond tho archway, and went on till she reached a dark baize dour on the right a: the end of tbo gallery. Thi3 gallery was feebly lighted, bnt Marjorie r.avr that stags' horns here and there projected from tho dark walls. Her guide opened this baize door, trad then another door within. "You are to go in, ma'am," she said. Marjorio went in aud the door closed behind her. She felt sure this was her annt's room, and sho had resolved not to bo ?hy with her. Miss Even's letter of invitation had been cold enough, but Marjorie decided that sho would go and live with her nnd make tbo best of things. Rim hnd tho right of choice in tho mutter, and this hud been explained to her by tbe lawyer before. she left tbo house of hor governess, Mrs. Locker. Marjorio bad always been a favorite, and she expected to please her guardian also, but this gloomy reception bad Rtnrtlcd her. She looked Feared as sho came out from behind the screen that masked the door and found herself faci» to face with hor great aunt. The room was not very large, and it looked smaller from the dark oak panelling that reached from floor to ceiling. A silver lamp stood on tbe mantelshelf, and thin was deeply shaded so that its light was concentrated on tho figure pcateu in a htgh-hackcd wooden chair just br-low. A tall upright figure in a gown of stiff black silk, not high to the throat, but cut open in a point half-way to the waist, the opening filled in with crossing folds of soft white muslin fastened just beiow the chin with a small diamond brooch. What a ciiin it was, square and pale— there was no trace of color on it or on tho rest of tbo face, not even on tbe high cheek bones. Bale brown threads showed in the. bands of grey hair just peeping out benoath Miss Eyon's white mpslin cap — this seemed fastened to her head by its bread band of dove-colorcd ribbon, for she wore no eapstrinps to bide her withered throat ; only her eyes, small and blue, showed that ohe was a living woman, as eho fired them ou tho startled girl. Marjorie could hardly breathe, fihe had no power to look away : tbnso eves seemed to pierce through her feeble show of courago and to rtnd everything oho really felt. A curious smilu shortened Miss Eyon's long upper Hp and showed how colorless and compressed its fellow was. "Good evening, Marjorie." It seemed as if an automaton bad spoken — tbe voice wan so lifelesH, and yot the girl felt in it a rebuke for her want of Rolf-possession. " Why do you stand in the background like u child." it seemed to pay. " instead of coming forward to grout mo ?" Marjorie went forward mechanically. "Good evening, aunt." She was going nearer to kiss t.ho still face, when Miss Eyou bold out her hand across her writing tabic. " You aro welcome," she said ; " that will do. T am no kisser, Marjorie. "Wo shall be bettor friend? if you fall into my wayo. Sit you down whore I can sea your face," Mihb Evon «at beforo a leather-topped writing tabic ; it hnd a double row of pigeon- bole? along the back and a little brass rail fenced in the oides. Tho only way of approaching her closely was from tbo right side of her chair, a bug fender guarded the other ; and now, as if fthe foared repetition of Marjorio's proffered greeting, Miss Eyou turned her back on the Uiulofemled Bpot. Sue pointed to a chair placed at tho edge of tho hearthrug just in front of tbo fire. Marjorio's cheeks tingled after her drivo through the keen air, and alio looked about for a hand screen. Oneo more the keeu blue eyes seemed to bo mocking her fruitless search. Marjorie sat down before tho blaze aud sub mitted to her aunt's silont scrutiny. ' MDs Eyon hold up a pair of gold-rimmod eyo- glapsos that hung from her nock by a black ribbon, aud gazed at Marjorio without nny change of expression. Then sho raug a bell that Ktood on her writing-table. "Hannah," she said, when the woman opened the door without any noise, "Miss Marjorio wilt go lo her room, aud at 7 o'clock you will bring her to tbo dining-parlor." Marjorie felt inclined to dance as sho followed Hannah. Instead of going back along the gallery, the woman went up three stops on the left which the girl had not previously noticed beyond the baize door. Opening another door fIio led Marjorie into a much longer gallery than the lira t, high and narrow, with only a. flickering light at its further cud. Marjorio Raw that this light came from a half-opened door. Hannah silently held the door open for hor, and sho passed into her bedroom A cheerful fire in a good-sized grate, and a pair of lighted candles on a muslin-covered toilet tabic, gave at first sight a cheerful aspect to tho room, ii gloomy-looking mirror in a black frame, and beside it a huge dark wardrobe, damped Mar jorio's joy at hor escape from investigations. She shivered a little. Still, it was a relief to hoc on tbe further side of the room a modern brass bedstead without hangings and some ordinary bedroom chairs. "Ah'Il fetch yon when dinner's served." Hannah looked hard at her, and Marjorio waa a bio for tbe first time to see her guide's face. It was thin and not in auy way remarkable. A long nose and n pair of dark, ennken eyes gave a look nf shrewdness, but Marjorio's at tention was chiefly caught by the long- armed, angular figure aud its stiff movements. " Can't you ntay, Hannah ?" the girl said. "I want you to unpack my trunk, please." "Than "Ah must ncv your key, ma'am." The voice was not unmusical, ibut Marjorie thought tho woman was staying against her will. Hannah went down on her knees before the trunk and began to remove the paper wrap pings ; she gave a frapprcs«ed grunt at the sight of two dainty evening gowns that lay at the top of tbo trunk. Marjorie was taking things out of her bag. ' " Don't you liko my gowns, Hannah ? I thomrht you would admire them." " They're well enough, ma'am, no doubt ; but Ahnonnnt understand such fripperies. I was thmkin1 o' t' waste. You'll find no U3e for them at Eyon Court, ma'am." The girl laughed so heartily that Hannah shook hor bead and frowned. "Now, Hannah, J. have always heard that Aunt Louisa was a beauty. I am sure «ho used to wear smart gowns when r.hc was young, and she'll like to see mo in them — of course sho will. I shall never be a beauty, but for all that I shall make mvself look as nice as possible." Sho looked very winning as she said this. "MymiMress always wears black ma'am"— "Of course, and very proper, too. If old women only knew how gay colors jnr with their fa led skins they would always wear black or whit". Tell me, I want to know, whether my great aunt wan not very handsome. It is so strango she lnis never married." Hannah had been unpacking and placing various articles on the trays of the wardrobe. She turned round a reproving face. i Mi?s Eyon is my mistress, ma'am." "Well, but Bin not asking you to tell nny tales," you old goose, Marjorio said to herself. "I am sure rIjo must have beeu very hanusomo from what I've heard." Hannah gave a quick look of inquiry nnd then became graver than before. " Is there not a picture of her somewhere ?" the girl went on ; " there surely must be. Ah, well, I nhall explore tho house to-morrow, and then I shall find out." "Thero is a picture of Miss Eyon," Hannah spoke slowly, " but you would not find it yourscB, rua'am ; it lies in t' barred room, aud that ia in t'noxt gallery. AU'll mebbe show it ye. ma'am, ono day." She went away hurriedly. While the girl was dressing she thought over Hannah's words. "Another gallery, is there? I suppose the house is square. Well, I shall fee to-morrow." When she was ready she looked at hor watch — only half-past (>. Another box which held her hooks and her oilier possessions had not been brought to her room ; there was not ro much as a print hanging against the walls which she could fill up time by looking at. Marjorie felt unwilling to go back to her aunt, aud the . old lady evidently did not want her till dinner time, but the novelty of everything and tho stir which this important change in her life had caused made the girl feel too excited to fiit still and wait for Hannah's return. " 1 might as well find tho 'barred room.' as she calls it, and seo the picture ; there can t be any ghosts about yet." Her dark blue eyes wero dancing with mis chief as she took up one of the candles from tho dressiug-tabic, (To be continued.) 