? p;jr pr;tys there will be no war. This y for Hie peace of Europe. CE |!UOSING : Uis Highness "' ' should be popular in I'tnneror of China is displeased with ehave always ctiscountcnanceainese uaauy t „ . KOI^RON is in danger of be.ug *ly Governor.. He is a stop-gap for Vawuer Camngton s right hand is I 1 ! 1 ' . . of Brighton says our telephone „ .. confounded nuisance. We have that it is the man who attempts to use it confounded. UicnosAUJ, of London Times, budded as a Nearly all great newspaper libels have or have been approved of for publiy men who studied law. J'ISTYRE, chairman of the Refreshment e, says it is an unprofitable game catering le'ra of Parliament. Why does uot the t ruu its own breweries ? i noticeable fact that tha barristers who profuse in congratulating Mr. G. J. .a Uis promotion to the New South Wales ^ they who will step immediately iuto his ice, re sleep enough?" asks the Herald. We iy that depends considerably upon what Any man who can't sleep after reading «v, Christie Murray's articles or the toad's '' (later style) will never sleep in this M'MILLEN", of St. Kilda, wonts the local t,put a latnp before his door with bis name unit. We are surprised he doesu't also ask i brass plate ailixed to the lamp-post -tlhini; like the following inscribed on it :— . subject to apopletic or other fits are to drop here. Bystanders will please •fewer bell of the door opposite." EKRV IJIJI.LETT, who has charge of the D Ibminiou question, in the Sydney Daily j says that his position is analogous to Fresiileut Lincoln at the outbreak of the Civil War. Mr. Gullett is ready to Freetrude, Protection, or any other /iacal -ing about a union+. There is a parallel, Gullett is not a patronymic which a easily induced to adjure by. V T'legraj.h commences a gorgeously ;t article headed " Departure of Sir Henry lis p;irugr:vph was crowded out iu our last like following cheery fashion : —" Enthui was the welcome accorded to His •mil family on the occasion of their first 5 colony, it was nothing compared to ffiiasm with which the people bid 'God them yesterday." Delightful specimen of 'sire, isn't it? m up from Melbourne Lord Carringtou ofiDded by a group of German colonists Jer. They no doubt wi-lied his lordid things, but it was iu a language eto him, and he confined bis acknowto smiles. Lord Augustus Loftus, his more of a linguist. On one occasion Sflonutist—who was a much more able Australian history represents—replied to ' oi a German crowd iu fluent and apt BiSfiHAM, who, with the virtues of a 1) combined many of the best features o, retires from Australian service. He erial officer to whom it fell to formally 6 Soudan Contingent on its arrival in «n after the withdrawal of the eon- Is was commissioned to the Australian touk up his station at Sydney. Colonel ii clear headed and warm-hearted, and fe favourite topic was powder his diBplacable aud his manners mild. \- B , «» tot to Sydney enough champagne to last his Vice-royalty." Theitalics areours. ol the latter paragraph should also be in *e can't spara them. Sending several Wh ot wine, and emulating Carrington, >t enough fizz to last his reign out. tear! Champagne must be mighty hmment House, Sydney. . , « WALKS protectionists have received •i knock. Mr. E. Barton has gone 'minion flag arm-in-arm with Sir ttinry vcral protectionists who thought they U been shuffling the cards so as to on on the top. Some of these, inflated Hon that they should be leaders, and aud Lyne in the road, conspired to and put Barton in his place. And ceeded BO well that Mr. Barton was Kited by a sectional meeting to step out. •Uttie trouble is shown to have been for MR. CJIABLKS SANTLEV was invited \aji seat on the Supreme Court Bench in Sydney on the occasion of the swearine in of the new judge. He was also among those present at the christening of Lady Carrington's youngest. If he doesnt take care he'll be made a J.P. THE boast of Sir Henry Wrenfordsley is said to • • j - - - . .,- be tbat he has " never shipped a spa on his quarter meaning that lie baB never got trouble with lybody. Mr Purves once called him a Journeymau Judge; but whatever there was of lU^atuce in this Mr l orves is accout. able, f o r « apropos of the fact that a West Austra lan paper says Kir Henry is " diplomatising " for the post of Chief Justice of Western Australia, as he is always in the company of Sir William Eobinson. Curious Vimir fliAsn mof.fprp ftW lYJfl.na.fTfiH_ ),ow these matters are managed. Tj]f, j jnIles ie ])ack in Sydney and still Eng|and is at peace with France. Mr. Jones is the 3 C a n t e r b u . . , „ h • h k • Sv-finev and 'wts'ttft ^nd^odOffices w[r0 beatowed ul)on g hi„/in ICngknd no satisfaction cou](i be obtained (or the injustice perpetrated on M m by France. THE New South Wales Minister of Education 6tate(j ]agt week that "in two months' time the supp]y 0f y0uths as pupil-teachers would be ex|laUBtedi an(j the Department would have to hunt up persouE capable of imparting instruction in the ublic schools of New South Wales " There are a umber of unemployed jockeys hanging around Sydney just v . , - ( ,„„ __ everything about sport, for your jockey taices interest in other Bports besides horse-racing, TfIE fac(. t|lat y r Speight has had a lift £100q atl(i ii(a a8Siutaut8 £500 each has borne fruit in N e w South Wales. Big-hearted legislators are b i i to look mcaningly at Mr. Eddy, and M?a r8( fiiv er lndFeho° have been given tounderstaTd ^ be done." The rank and"file"of Parliament are, however, an unsteady ™ fall in with the proposal at a ! ot t' ^ nvmiVht t X itir to their heads to TO'- tl c ?' tLr end Not evcu Uie-m '««'J^' 5 t°„ e ^ ' h would be r ^ . iken Hence the " r „ t be the ooutse taken, " enc ® , " e filowly delicately ana as a — approached. GENERAL EDWARDS advises rreater secrecy to be observed in connection with local defences, that advice was tendered with the Role object of squelching Dr. J. M. Creed, Dr. Creed, who is amemuer a battery. Co round the various engines 01 aeetruc- Ln with his critical faculty on full cock. Then he would repair to Parliament, inform the House that he saw a tucker bag up one of the best guns, and a nest of five young Bwallows in another, and would demand the instant dismissal of an incompetent Ministry. The Government at last gave orders that no one was to be ue allowed auoweu to IU uuni climb u a or enter a gate to view the death-dealing ^eno ® mortars, but the doctor, staking his member's pasB, within hfi rights as a Briton ^h°sTrivi"g^ as a legislator. It was to stop all this 7e oTnerfl was asked to put in writing^ an X c e on which will be based a regulation authorisfuVonlv nTembers of the Executive to be intimate « - works. fied , . , . .. A country exchange is responsible for the following extraordinary statement:—" A bell weighing moinliinif ^ ^ sixteen cirtfian tons fnna will nrill shortly olinrtb be lift cast f>H,Rt, at fl,t A .-i. n nf ^Iia Snururl Hanrk at A»necy"for the Basilica of the Sacred Heart at Montmai-tre, t & ® 18 to be caU e £ r y is a^large- nunded prela^ toco. tribute to anything connected with the Roman Catholic Churk, o r W Luil.eum is a man above petty L^udices to be a d.gmtary of the Roman Catholic Church and also Archbishop of Canterbury. Ma. EVBRABD DIGUY barrister, is putting black knots in the wits of the New South Wales Bench of judges. He was made a barrister eight or niue years ago, and now he wants to be turned down to an attorney. If he were an attorney the judges barrister easy sayjiey could him ^ V ^ t o ' t o .irifce enough. All they «ou a nave 1, M r d ' sirlkiug bin. «,., „f Mr. , n a m „,v ™UnTacaTu they "will let him know. " J g £ \ , . . ., . .. b DAVID GADKSON session—sadly has been missed missed. dunnghc David last Parliamentary sess.on-sadly missed, David was uoruly at times, we know, but nodoubtmany of his late enemies beg.n to recognise thatan unruly member is very useful. Our boasted surplus has gone ; Commissioner Speight has his coveted extra thousand a year, and his satellite their five hundred; and, despite sacred promises on the hustings, how little opposition the movement provot[ed< in the House. Where was the enthusiastic and patriotic new member game to face Press denunciations and good old Conservative obliquity a (_;AUNAONIAN endeavour to stonewall the hated mea8Ure ? There iB now a great aching vacancy for m a n ^ stir t\le Government up in a merciless onuu.u » —" '~ ; . of Lear frenzy by one of their late performances It appears that they induced the Government to induce Consul Griffin to induce the American Government to cause to be sent out to New South Wales a consignment of salmon and other ova. J lie consul, Consul, as uecame became a man oi of more imwi c thau marked Mmincu courtesy, placed himself at once in communication with his Okmrnment, and by a series of elegant periods, in which " great country," « ealaxy of nations" « brave an! noble people" and other Dalleyesque expr-ssions were strewn likcdiamonds, slduced the proud chiefs of Washington to complj. Then the^isheries Commissioners notithe Consul that the year has advanced too far, and that by the time the ova arrived they will be DQ uge T5ut the Qva are now coneoted, packed up andready for embarkation, and the Consul's J i i i «••« i . r «ir..L> l..' knowle(1„e „„„„,„„ „ of t|)e „„„ chjefs at „„ Washington a tells him .. . ° . . . . . ° . . . j^t"when they'learn'that they must"empty out heir tanks a;?ain fully 90 per cent, of their with slam. Consequently he canter in frenzy himself, and such ornate embellishments to country, galaxy of nations , in it i 1 BISHOP PARRY who died lately at Dover, England » D f h a d bee,, ^ b J , ™ ' . i n Government House there, during one of the cruises of Admiral Sir Edvraid Parry, his father. " Tim KING IS DEAD ; LONG LIVE THE KING !" WITH decent grief and sad adieu We watch Sir Henry sail away ; And as his ship faBt fades from view, We call it an unhappy day. Victoria mourns for long ? Oh, nay ! One day does she to sadness cling. 1 hen trolls with joy that old, old lay, " The King is dead ; long live the King !" Sir Henry's left, give him his due, He was as good a man as they From Dowuing-Btreet have sent us through ; Hut now he's gone, and has no say In making Toorak blithe and gay With promised knightships, let us sing Another song without delay— " The King is dead ; long live the King !" Melbourne and its tuft-hunting crew Cry " Live the Karl!'' and haBte to pay IJOW homage to the Governor new, And in their paltry hearts they pray 1 hat this young lordling haply may Draw tighter still tbat " silken string " That binds to Britain ; so they bray, " The King is dead; long live the King !" M. I'ERK. a member of the French Society of Biology, says that "dying persons in their last momentK think of the chief events of their lives." He adds that " an ether injection reviews once more the normal disposition of cerebral activity, already nearly extinguished, and it might be possible at this moment to learu of certain important events of the past life." We happen to know that dying persons do think of the chief events of their lives and that an ether iujection mill revive their memory. Here is a curious case in poiut. A certaiu doctor, whom we knew will, living in a township in New South Wales was called in to see the chief storekeeper of the place, who was lying in an unconscious state through some injury to his head. The doctor —who was up to all the latest dodges of science— gave him an ether injection. He opened bis eyes, looked at the doctor for a moment and then said in a distinct voice, so thnt everybody standing by could hear, " Doctor, you can pay that £50 you owe me to my widow," and fell back stiff. Now if he had not spoken nobody but the doctor would have known anything of the loan. The plain moral is, of courfe, to let sleeping dog6 lie. If you wake them up suddenly they will probably bite you, and similarly a person rudely awoke from a state of unconsciousness may want to rfcall to your memory what friends you were when you were in gaol together. TJIEHK seems to be a delusion among every rank of novelists in Kngland, from second-rate downwards to the effect that what we want in the Antipodes to make us prosperous and happy, and great and powerful, and improve the quality of tho soil, and make the land laugh with harvests, and increase the output of mineral wealth, and make more minerals, and send up the census with a whoosh till it stuns itself against the ceiling of everlasting «e pint nltraum, is for one of them to come out here (expenses paid and a cool sum of anything from £1000 upwards iu addition) and write us up. It is a pleasing hallucination, and hasn't done us muih more harm than to cause us a few hours of unnecessary weariness in listening to lectures and reading articles by eminent English authors so far. The latest and coolest thing in this way is a pro- posal made by a lady, with the quaint aud interesting name of Mrs. l'ender Cudlip (othtrvvise known i'nliteratureas Annie Thomas) to the N Zealand Government to come out and restore the fortune, oHh.t ^ f ^ j ^ necessarily with local warmth —- seems a cool person to charg months. —- . M,,in e entitled "Impressions of New Zealand Mado „ At)(1 a., this for the dirt-cheap ioe of £5090, exclusive of the expenses pre^ouBly ^feT,.ed to, of course. Mrs. Pender Cudlip f—"Phccbus, whatanatne , t To fill the siieakine trump ot future fame. —Sen Byron. .... massive modesty, "Though an ex penshould with adda sire be a remunerative I shl. visitor." Wc remember having rtad some of tho monuments of geDjus thiB lady has produced in her time when wo wcre laid up sick in a bush hotel once where we could get nothiug else to read. How the pronrietreaa of the hotel became possessed of them we were too feeble and tired to inquire. But we haven't the dimmest ghost of a recollection of the 