A NIGHT. O? TERRORa . le io A flock of greedy vultures hovers over l Florids and scan her sandy- hilla with cager h yes, searching ~nrrneglected'treasure?oa which tb to fatten. Theso are the land speculators, into whose ranks a desire for quiklyacq~ire i wealth had attached mme.? A strong motive had created this desire. s The faltering.' yes' of Luoy Lee, the belle of S' Sour Orange Beind, anda the squire's answer. that I must possess a certain suam of money before our hopes could he realised, had n sharpened my faculties to cut the straightest a oarl.t fortune. Tt fickle.goddess, reserv-. ins her frowns fora more worthy man, smiled' graciously on me, and threw in my way. a tract of land, 'which, it expertly- handl, I wonld vehl the stipulat?4.amount. I had won Lucv's favour withouta struggle ; A frontier- settlement is a very- deumocratic. institution, and. Squire Lee's house was open I to all. The. wise traveller regulated his speed s so that night would overtake him. at his hospitabehh door, and on the. days when h'h was i called on to- perform, magisterial duties: the s] court and all lookers on would refresh, them-. t selves at his table. Through. her- father's popularity. and' her a own accomplishments, Lucy was the.acknow- f ledged helle, not only of'Sour Orange. Bend, - hut of the whole Etto0ulock, late Lee, District. and when my successful suit was. known I. a became- for a. while. the most unpopular man. d in thedistrict. " The native '-crackers,' tough cowboys. and' city-hre:l chaps roughing in, the woods treated me as though I" had robbed- them. of their most valued possession, and' envious eyes were. constantly watching. to. report I anything which might overthrow my. supre-. maev. Her most unfortunate wooer had been. a naturalized Amercian, who a few months pre- 1 vions had passed into another. world heartily. hating me. for.winning. Lucy's heart By his death. the tract of'land whichhe.held'under a. government receipt passed-into the possession of a wealthy German, and he, not wishing to .1 renounce allegiance to the Fatherland; sold his right to, me on. very favourable. terms,. and. having complied, with the law, 1' entered the quarter section under the Homestead' Act. As it was necessary- to make a. six. months'- residence. on. the tract before. ' community,' late one afternoon 1 moved-a f t.w household articles into the log cabin which my deceased' predecessor- had' built. The place had' an abandoned' and- desolate look, tall weeds grewhefore the. open door, and wild climbers half dragged'the stick and mud chimney to the. ground: A bunch. of I typical Florida hogs,' razor-hacks' as they.are aptly termed; half" wild,. very. strong. as: to. c muscle, and taste, long-of'leg and' stout; thick of'skin and thin of body, rushed from.beneath. the cahin, bristling. with, rage. at' being. disturbed: Parsing for a. moment asifeciding.whethether to fight or retreat, their council: of war.. was. quickly settled hv the appearance of'my gun. They hadl evidently- felt the. sting. oft buck shot before. and' scampered' away into the. dense.saw. palmetto thicket.. However, as I was a hardened frontiersman these things tronubled' me but little, and; after cooking a fruNal supper and turning my horse loose to feeood on the luxuriant, crab. grass which covered. the clearing, around the. cabin T 'composed' myself for a quiet night's rest: As slumber.- soothed my senses with. its benign influence I' vaguely wondered, what the departed' owner of-the place would! say if he couldsee.me.in possession of his erstwhile property, So strong.had 'heen.his hatred' that I felt sure if'disembodied spirits: could reyist- the earth he would' come that night and'ejec me from what, even in the spirit worldI he.would feel a sort of-proprietary power over. Myv superstitious neighhour, Billy Lamb, Shad prepared me for a quiet night by remark ing that there. wasn't enough money-in Orange. Connty-to.pay him.to. sleep in, the room where. Wilhelm. Bischoff" had' died: I scorned' such unmanly fears, and was. soon asleep. in the. very. room where the. poor consumptive had made his exit from this life. A shrill; alarming noise, which sounded! to. my drowsy earsalike the neigh of a. frightened horse, awoke me.with a start. Looking, out of the open door.-I- could see. by the light of-a glorious August moon that, my horse. was ]ahlouring under great excitement. An.occasonial hear or- panther sometimes visited our-settlement, and; supposing the dis turbance to. be. caused, by .one of these, 1' slipped cautiously. out, gun. in, hand;, to. annihilate. '- the varmint But a careful'search among, the luxuriant, banana plants and: wide-spreading. guava. hushesfailedto detect an intruder, and'return-. ing to bed' my sleep.was haunted'by a vision I offrightened- horses and, uncanny. beasts. in, pursuit A monster horse, of a. transparent greenish aspect4.with hlazing.red'eyes, follow. ed them and planted'his murderous hoofs on poy breast ;.. solemn. funerahl bell! tolled twelve times and' a.?ry of'distress sounded;.a. guttural Teutonic.voice. caJlling.my name. I arose, and; led by. an irresistible power,. stepped out into,the moonlight. Stretched' upon. the ground' lay him. whom Isupposed was with the dead. Wilhelm Bischoff,' emaciated' and'ghastly pale,.an awful;. revengeful' look on his face, his hands held out as if begging help.to rise, and as Ireached forward'to assist him a wild, mocking unearthly laugh issedl f9rJjsj lips Snd he.vanished: The shock restored me to.consciousness I was standing in. the. moonlight,- having .wan-. dered out of doors, asleep. while under- the influence of' a horrible.nightmare.brought on by midnight alarm. Trembling, and' chilled I' summoned my will power to. banish, all feelings of' terror, conscious that the. unusual' experience could he reasonally explained; and' thuds partially restoring my mind to. its, usual' condition of calmness 1, turnedto re-enter- the cabin, when; that awful screaming cry. filled! the. night with alarm again. No beast that I ever heard. coild utter such a terrible cry, nor could:nightmares and dreams explain It, for I was: awalge andin full possession of' my faculties. In a time- of- danger- animals. seek man's protection. My- horse. galloped'up, whinny i~g with frig)ht~ ht he sought, a poor..de fender. for already unnerved uy the terrorsof a sightmare, the. recurrence of that awful, goe'king laungh completely stampeded me. Q?lad only in a, scanuty night garment,,I leaped on the "herse's.. hack-;: ands forced hi: over. the low rail fence. around' the clearing.. He headed himself toward' my nearest neigh- 1 hor'si house a, solitary bachelor lik.e myself;, the. supersbitious-Lan:b. . My hallooes. soon. brought him: to" his. cabin door, and his drawling inquiry, ' What's the matter, Charley; you look half - scared-te. death.' recalled my panic-sticken, senses. Ashamed" to. acknowledge the- true.reason: to. him, I pretended a painful, toothache, which wade. sleep impossible, and'asked' if.: hp- ha.d; anything, that would; relieve it. After what seemed- to. me,. shivering, in the. cool night air, an, age, he. returned, .with: a': fask of, whisky, recommending; that ] hold a little on theLaftjcted nerve... I borrowed- the entire. flask, on, the..plee, :that the. pain, was1vers intense,. ands . whenr.. safely away from.his.observation applied its. contents. to. the. exorcising-Q of· the..uncappy. spirits which haunted me.. - My courage. was. renewediby:the.stimulat-. ing.drink, andi inmy revived- mental'faculties suggested' that the. alarming. laugh, might be. the. work of- an, ensions practical-joking rival. This solution. of. the. mystery. filled, menwith,; anger,; for -].y . would be-.told, how - hadI fallen, r~ictimto, af~ridiculous frighth,and, my next visit to. her would, not be a. pleasant one..' So,. hastily. retracing, my steps I arrived at the.clearing.again, watchful?and'alert, to, detect the location; of. the. sound, should.it be4 repeated.. , Leaning forward to.open the.low gate, that wild, mocking laugh:soundedlagain, as though: uttered, atf my elbow. A hasty glance re v.ealed- only a few stunted- orange trees, too bare to.conceal. even:a shadow. '~.ht soundi could- not have. been, formedi by human, lips... SMy,-artificial courage quickly flpd before. this. renewed? manifestation of an invisible presence,. and-turning.my horse's hadII' urged; him, a?wa.y, resolved to quit the place for ever. Plunging through, the forest he. came to a sudden pause among. the few graves which, constituted the. neighbourhood'sc burying. place.. By the bright light, of the. moon I read the.inscription, on the headboard :--, Here rests. Wilhelm, Bischoff, Born in Breman, Germany; ;Departed this life far fron his native. land. May. be slumber. peacefully until- that, awful: day when--' I read no. further. From the very- bosom,of'the.grav.e. a mock ing, scornful; wild,. revengfui laugh, burst upon the stilly midnighkair. The hair bristled on my head' and drops of agony gathered on, my brow. The affrightedi horse, with,a. sudden,forward, leap. unseated me, and; as.the cold grave, wet w.ith,a heavy,. dew, received my shivering-form, that horrid sound' smote. upon, my ears again. I: felt that all was lost ;.a retrospective view. of. my checkered; life.flasihedithrough, my mind. with. eletric speed. With, closed, eyes:I~awaited, the fatal. blow from. the-hands, of.. my,. ghostly, pursuer. But no.blow. fell; and; reanimated by. hppe. I' aroused'and'looked' around, No, wraith. or spook, or. ghost appeared: The.bjight, moonlight filled. the forest with a. peaceful'glory. Emboldened; but not wholly reassured, 1: hasteried.away, and in my eagerness to escape rushed through.a. bed'of geraniums.at the foot of" the grave.. - A. solitary bird; aroused;from,its; place of concealment; flew- swiftly- away, filling- the forest with that awful. sound' which. had. so paralyzed- me with terror. A A revelation.lighted' my-bewildered' mind, and'another.laughsounded'on,the. midnight air, though nota malignant one,. but fullof :relievedfPeling and eipressive. of: a, sudden -sense of a ridiculous sensation. The.'-laugh ing.owPl'ofFlorida, seldom.mpt- with, whose. Iuncanny, maniacal cry might well alarm.' the stoutest- hearted; had been. the. innocent cause. of- my Night of Terror- Hurrying home, I" elothed my chilled limbs. in,: their, accustomed protection, and, lighting- a. pipe, gave myself up to. philosophic. meditations convinced that many of our troubles. are caused by over-excited imaginations~:, and' congratulatin, myself'that Lucy-would, not hear of- the. escapade, I; flh in.o, a. qpiet?. sleep. 